Tangled in Climbing Nightshade

By Roddy J Dryer

Copyright 2012 by Roddy J Dryer

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 


Introduction to Tangled in Climbing Nightshade

Well, hello there, ladies and gentlemen. Please, come on in and make yourselves comfortable. There’s additional seating within the mezzanine should you not find something suitable closer to the stage. I can assure you the upper level seating is just fine, as the acoustics in here are quite lovely and the view is marvelous. Besides, sitting a bit further away often prevents blood splatter from staining brightly colored fabrics and minimizes bone fragments from finding their way into unprotected eyes. The only sacrifice in quality is it’s a bit more difficult to see the facial expressions from up there, but the screams come in with such an attractive echo. I hope you considered bringing binoculars and a fine camera with a zoom lens. 
First, I would like to introduce myself to those who don’t know me. My name is Roddy J Dryer. I’m so glad to be here with you today, as I love being a part of anything pulling the pretty veils from the so-called true version of humanity in order to demonstrate what humanity really is, rather than what it pretends to be. I find such a sense of tumescence in highlighting the functioning nature of humanity, mainly because this aspect is so well hidden under a thin veneer of genteel film. Yes, yes, there are those who assert I aim low by only exposing humanity’s lower realm, but I must claim this is simply not true. I am not merely comfortable with highlighting humanity’s darkest levels; I desire in exposing the bulk of the creature. The meat and bones along with the vital organs. That which truly makes the creature function and get this far is what we desire to showcase, not merely the base demeanor. There are plenty of other authors out there illuminating the base of the human condition, so there’s no need for me to do so. Rather, I seek to highlight not what makes up the foundation, but fills the majority of space under the Martha Stewart decorations and Ty Pennington-inspired window treatments. Or, simply the creature without the makeup and at least twenty four hours without a shower. This is where most of the working parts are, and we want to hear the hum of the machinery, not the cheesy music in the lobby. 
Now that the more squeamish among us (and those who are too embarrassed to have what comprises their inner nature exposed to the audience) have excused themselves with coy statements alluding to I’ll be back in a few minutes when those of us still here know they won’t be back at all, but will merely scorn us from the lobby or perhaps the parking lot, we can begin with why we have gathered here. We have gathered here today to explore my second novel, which is entitled Tangled in Climbing Nightshade. 
This is my second novel, both in count and subject matter. My very first novel was written because I’d always wanted to write a novel and had to start somewhere, but also because I desired to confront a subject our world of decent people largely chooses to ignore. Sure, this subject is addressed by some, but most of the world does ignore it and there is an enormous percentage of the world’s people who know next to nothing about it. My first novel was The Egocentric Predicament, published by Publish America, which addressed the subject of Human Trafficking and Child Exploitation through a dark yet festive thriller. 
Because the subject matter is lurid and ugly, that story was lurid and ugly. However, unlike in the real world, where Human Trafficking enjoys tremendous success and freedom to pursue its goals because hardly anyone cares (well, Dr. Oz once brought it up for a few minutes), within the pages of The Egocentric Predicament the good guys actually score some points. I chose the difficult subject because it needed addressing and because I, a person used to living on the periphery of society, saw something there I could point out to the world in a way never seen before. 
Now, while I should be honest enough to admit that, yes, I like to watch people trip, I’m not one to yell out, “Hey, your fly is open!” in a polite setting. However, I am one to take notice when those within this refined gathering sneak off to catch a buzz and get it on in a vacant room when they think nobody else knows. But that doesn’t matter to me in the slightest and a part of me is rather jealous. What I’m more likely to give better attention to is those who find a quiet place to argue about what should be done to eradicate the evidence and just where around here is a good place to dispose of a body. 
You see, these two novels are similar in that they reach out to otherwise difficult subjects. To be more specific, difficult subjects most people choose to ignore. There are numerous difficult subjects people choose to ignore (why, I have no clue) and because I’ve been largely marginalized and shunned by just about everyone I’ve ever met (particularly by blood) and passionately disliked by far more, I have somehow developed this unique perspective on things. You see, when people are comfortable within the social framework, anything existing beyond this framework is seen as distracting, disturbing, disgusting, and particularly distasteful. This is why there are millions of starving children, bloated and fly-covered, despite how much money (in cups-of-coffee increments) is donated to combat it. This is also why millions of human beings exist only so they can be sold into slavery, sexual or forced labor. Oh, in the event you weren’t aware, human slavery (called human trafficking, or trafficking in persons in order to please the verbose) is more prevalent today than ever before. In fact, it is the single greatest industry driving the global economy, and while you may not be overtly aware, you can bet the farm your elected officials are, and they absolutely love it for several reasons. 
I remained within the theme of difficult subjects throughout this second dark novel, here in your hands. Tangled in Climbing Nightshade is yet another novel addressing a difficult issue next to nobody out there addresses, although it still occasionally spikes in popularity. The issue is what I’ve come to call Familial Suicide. I should explain. Oh, I should also tell you now that this work also addresses the issue of Human Trafficking, too, but mainly as a part of the backdrop.
All of us have heard numerous news stories highlighting some crazed family member, usually the husband and father, going on a rampage and killing everyone in the family and then committing suicide. This is a maddening issue on so many levels because we all want to know what drives someone to such a level of insanity. Yet, we don’t really want to know, do we? After all, how much work is done to investigate the cause of such a horrific phenomenon, and how often is the result of this work revealed to the world at large? This particular author might be running in circles tighter than most, but I’ve heard very little concern about it. It appears that the incidences are treated as isolated incidences perpetrated by nutcases who popped that one last mental spring and just went bonkers. 
I’ve come to title the subject Familial Suicide because this is what I think this is. My theory is that there’s a family member, often the one who harbors a significant percentage of the household responsibilities, who is driven insane slowly over time by a world intentionally driving people crazy. This individual reaches a point where they simply want out and find suicide the only remaining answer. However, because they do love their family in a twisted sort of way, they cannot find the inner strength to leave their family in a world too heinous for their existence, prompting them to bring the family with them. Or, to put it another way, it would be too cruel to leave an innocent life existing rather than snuffed because this is a world far too cruel for good people. Living is not living to some; it’s just dying too slow. This may seem like a simplified explanation and it may not apply to every case, but this concerned citizen sees this as the most likely cause of this awful mystery. Does it boil down to batshit insanity? Of course it does. But insanity is not a withdrawal from reality, but a mere perversion of it. The simple equation is truly simple: failure to cope + mercy killing of family members = familial suicide. 
One of the reasons I wanted to write on this is because there’s so much about this subject that is largely ignored, and that is something I find bizarre in and of itself. This is one of the reasons I wrote The Egocentric Predicament; one would think a race of civilized beings would come together to battle something that preys on their kind and particularly their kind’s most vulnerable. But no, more than 25 to 30 million people are victimized by Human Trafficking and Child Exploitation annually and the world doesn’t even pretend to care, except a scant few. One might assume a civilized mind would see such evil as one of the greatest threats to our kind (largely since our kind is the evildoer), but our kind would rather focus on celebrity gossip and misbehavior rather than confront what makes us look monstrous as a species. 
Perhaps it’s because we’re predators and made it this far through bloodthirsty predation. Perhaps since this is a world where it’s survival of the fittest, kidnapping innocent people’s children and then selling those children into forced prostitution to people who find the bigger thrill in torture and mutilation of their purchase rather than the pedestrian act of simple rape is enormously profitable and therefore justified and acceptable because of the cha-ching factor. Perhaps our violent and predatory nature prompts us to look away from those who lack the strength and power of self defense, so we just ignore those who desire to proliferate the self-predatory genetic construct within the gene pool and leave it strong enough to chase terrified and screaming toddlers into the dark of the night in an endless pursuit of thrills and profit. 
That guy over there shot and drowned his wife and kids, and then took himself out? That guy’s wife is still missing and then he hacked his kids with an axe before dying in a fire? Sure, you can place the story on the news if it makes you feel better, but never assume humanity has the capacity to give a rat’s ass. Not when J Lo has yet another wedding date coming up…
Is that who and what we are?
So, Tangled in Climbing Nightshade is as much an exposure of the subject of familial suicide as it is humanity’s wide-sweeping inability to care about its own kind. The Egocentric Predicament exposed humanity’s lack of concern of itself being such a voracious predator that it feels compelled to prey on itself, and Tangled in Climbing Nightshade highlights humanity’s inability to recognize there are those among us who are spinning out of control. 
Also, Tangled in Climbing Nightshade illustrates an analysis of what potentially causes such tragedies. What in the hell goes through someone’s head before they commit such evil? What drives someone who otherwise appears largely normal to fly off the rails in such a dramatic fashion? What could possibly take place that causes one to kill their own spouse and children (or any child, for that matter), annihilate their gene pool, and then, what bizarre condition is in place allowing such evil to become a fad? 
I mean, we all know life can suck at times, but it seems to me that humanity intentionally makes life harder than it has to be. Our economic, monetary and financial systems are designed to limit humanity’s progress and ensure only a minute percentage of our kind achieves genuine peace and happiness. This may also be an aspect of our predatory nature. Humanity somehow naturally culls itself through war and subjugation of itself, perhaps because being at the top of the food chain requires a natural form of population control. Nothing hunts and eats us to keep our numbers in check, so we hunt and eat ourselves to limit bubbling over. Ah, so we’re little more than lemmings with gizmos. 
Could that be it? Being the big kahuna means the big kahuna has to be its own predator and prey? Lemmings simply swim out and drown when their numbers get out of check. It seems rather lazy when compared to how humanity maintains its population. 
Whatever it is, this writer is intrigued by watching a species capable of being all this, but this writer is horrified and terrified by being forced to go through life amidst all this. I find it amazing how humanity likes to tout itself as being sentient and civilized, all the while demonstrating through endless drama and violence that it, out of all species alive on this planet, is the furthest from it. No other creature great and small demonstrates the predation and destruction of itself with the verve demonstrated by humanity. 
So, congratulations! Everybody, how about a round of applause…
But please don’t assume I want you to stop, my fellow creatures. Please, continue in your quest to prove to Mother Nature and God that humanity just might be the greatest single mistake ever created, and that it’s taken the reigns in pursuit of its annihilation. Through less verbose language- I am tirelessly entertained by humanity’s quest to destroy itself and then take the credit for doing the universe the favor. 
Hell, I don’t have anything better going on. 
So, I hope you enjoy Tangled in Climbing Nightshade, since it is an honest and intrusive look into what we really are in humanity. Also, if you had not already done so, please find the time to read The Egocentric Predicament in order to see so much of what makes humanity human, but the sort of humanity we pretend isn’t there. To those of you who have read my prior novel before reading this one, rest assured that I have removed all possible filters in my perceptions of humanity for this novel in the same way I did the other. I’d like both of you to know that. 
So please, take my hand and join me as we traverse this dark passageway. No, leave your flashlights and lanterns behind, as the light causes those we want to see most scurry away. Feel free to point and comment, but there’s no point in getting involved. Come on now; it’s just the innocent and the future of our kind at stake, so it isn’t as if it truly matters. 
Come on; this’ll be fun…
Oh, and for those among you who discover the occasional mention of a fellow named Peter Volans, rest assured the mystery revolving about his place in the lives of those within the story is easily solved by reading a short story entitled, Left Hanging. This story is available to read on the Associated Content (Now, Yahoo Voices or Voices Yahoo or something) website. Within that story, you’ll find several characters who also reside within this novel. I chose those characters for this novel because I’ve been occasionally criticized for leaving an open ending within Left Hanging, which is an ending I find suitable at times, but others apparently find troubling. Well, I have your closure right here…

http://voices.yahoo.com/left-hanging-2529609.html?cat=9
Salutations and Dedications

Mostly, I would like to dedicate this novel to the Human race, mainly because you’re such a disgusting, bloodthirsty, vile and cowardly monster who mainly thrives through the persecution, vilification and victimization of your own kind, and mostly your children. Please don’t find my descriptive phrasing as a hint that I want you to stop. No, don’t see it that way; the fact that humanity’s primary function, the decimation of itself, done openly, helps ensure intelligent life from other worlds avoids this despicable rock, ensuring the freaks from here don’t end up elsewhere (unless there’s some sort of intergalactic zoo, which would be just hunky dory). 
Secondly, I would like to dedicate this work to the scant percentage of humanity that is good and decent, and doesn’t find humanity’s self-predation as a form of exquisite entertainment (although I hope you’ll have the courage, some sunny day, to recognize this is humanity’s primary form of employment), but would rather see humanity become the sentient and civilized creature it claims to be. 
Lastly, I dedicate this work to those who are smart enough to recognize this will never occur. 

For those of you who are smart enough to recognize humanity will only continue in becoming more evil, more sinister, and eventually the most heinous thing ever to exist, ever, take the time to note that innumerable innocent people the world over exist only so their organs can be sold on the black market. Take the time to note that literally millions of children and very young women are forced into prostitution for the benefit of their captors, and that the representative governments of the world are forever grateful for the ambitious economic stimulus resulting from it. Take the time to note that Africa adores slavery and the forcing of little boys to become drug-addled, murderous soldiers. 
For those of you who are smart enough to recognize the evil of female mutilation and subjugation for the benefit of male cowards existing throughout so many prominent cultures and faiths of this planet’s monkey-freak monstrosity, please take the time to stand and applaud to the legal accomplishment of recognizing a man should be able to boff his dead wife for the six hours before her body ends up too ripe and the rigor mortis prevents the best in festive posing. 
Now, take the time to recognize humanity is created in the image of God. 
Sleep tight, sweetie pie…

Chapter One

Few things excite a journalist more than hearing on the police scanner reports of criminal activity coming from the home of the most vilified County Sheriff in the recent history of New York State, and perhaps the country. But fewer things pump the adrenaline of that reporter like the report of actual gunfire shouting over the scanner’s grainy speaker, particularly when it’s coming from the sheriff’s home. Reporter Judy Kidde and her cameraman, Lloyd, have been staking out Sheriff Kevin Sealy’s house, merely for an interview, really, since the latest newsworthy shock came from the Sealy home, and this time from one of the brood. 
For hours, nothing went on to indicate anyone was home other than a few tell-tale signs, such as the cars in the driveway and the occasional flicker from a TV. Aside from that, everyone in the house had been conspicuously reclusive. Any definite signs would have been worthy of some attention, but indications of impending death and gloom would be closely watched. Both Judy and Lloyd were ready to catch and report just about anything, but they weren’t so shallow as to hope for the worst. 
“Well, damn it,” Judy said as she scrambled to get out of the van. “There isn’t shit going on since yesterday, and now they stir things up with gunfire? I mean, I love a good story, but there are kids in there.”
“Let’s see if we can see what’s going on,” Lloyd said as he grabbed his equipment, “but keep your head down.”
They kept their distance since exiting the van, maintaining a low profile. Since this was a rural area, the driveway was quite long, almost a hundred yards in length, with gravelly white stones glistening with dew stirred by the sun rising behind the reporters. 
The sun in the eyes of whoever is up there might be to our advantage, Judy thought. 
Lloyd and her would accept any advantage available, what with this being private property and Sheriff Kevin Sealy enjoying a reputation of being a crack shot long before enduring the accusation of being a sex slave smuggler. The early autumn morning was cool and crisp, spattered with hints of fall colors hesitant on making a decision. 
Judy and Lloyd both jumped to the sound of more shots, obviously shotgun blasts now that they’re both out of the van and awake. Shrill screams made them forget about romantic details such as the weather, prompting them to realize this would make national news and beyond. They kneeled close to the ground near the front of the van, watching and waiting. 
“Damn, Judy. We need to stay back. Look there.”
They saw the morning sun revealed the madness of a skinny and frightened boy running for his life and from a house where there’s too much gunfire. They both knew enough about the Sealy family to know this is Jeremy, the quiet and autistic son of Kevin and Erin Sealy; surely one of the innocent bystanders of a news story gone badly. They witnessed him screaming frantically as he ran, running more on sheer instinct and not sure of where to go. Quickly, it became obvious the boy didn’t know where to go, because rather than run for cover or just away, Jeremy chose to hide within the sparse overgrowth of Climbing Nightshade growing alongside the small barn sitting just shy of being awkwardly close to the house. The newsies in Judy and Lloyd wanted to see everything happening, but the humanity in them felt fear grip when they saw a shirtless and much bloodied Kevin Sealy roar from the house with a shiny shotgun clutched in his hands. 
At the sight of that both Judy and Lloyd fell to the ground, and Judy said, “For Christ’s sake, what in the hell is going on around here?”
County Sheriff Kevin Sealy, a man who was once one of the most respected sheriffs in New York history, looked menacing and gory as he raced from the house splattered with so much blood while sporting a smoking shotgun. Judy and Lloyd turned their heads towards the sound of approaching sirens, both caught with the irony of how those sirens blazed towards one who used to lead the charge but was now the subject of concern. Irony or no, there was only abject horror coming from the Sealy home, and Judy was afraid. Not since years earlier when Judy witnessed Sealy, unknown to one another then, cope with a mysterious stranger named Peter Volans has she seen anything so unbelievable. That scenario was fantastic even right before everyone’s eyes, but what was going on here was difficult to deny; it seemed this man was busy murdering his family and wasn’t quite done yet. 
“Lloyd, please tell me you’re getting all this.”
“Yeah, I’m getting it, but I hope to Jesus they get here before that poor kid is killed. Dear God, but this is so insane.”
Judy reached down and pulled her cell phone from her pocket, and dialed 911. It was just when she placed the phone to her ear and was asked to state the nature of her emergency that she wondered what prompted the approach of the authorities. Who called the cops? 
“This is Judy Kidde. I know the authorities are on the way to the Sealy home now, but please inform them that Sheriff Sealy is outside, armed and dangerous. He is pursuing who appears to be his young son, and doing so with a shotgun. Please let them know what they’re coming into.”
The relayed information was welcomed, but Judy doubted it was in time. They both watched in horror as Sheriff Sealy walked directly to where they saw Jeremy seek refuge. Not only was the overgrowth alongside the barn far too meager to provide effective cover, but the shrill screams coming from under the overgrowth gave away the panic-stricken boy with no doubt. 
Judy and Lloyd both tried yelling at what they saw, but the fast approaching sirens competed with the decibel levels of Jeremy’s screams. It was unlikely anyone heard them but each other. In fact, they saw Sheriff Sealy stretch and look back to spot the approaching authorities, and that’s when he noticed them. That spiked their heart rates considerably, making them think he may take aim at them, but Sealy just turned back to the shrieking boy hiding under the dew-moistened Climbing Nightshade. 
“Leave him alone!” was what Judy yelled as they both were horrified to see Sealy level his shotgun directly at the boy just as the racing cruisers turned up the dirt of the front lawn. 
She recognized something was amiss when she saw Sheriff Sealy pull back the shotgun to inspect it right after aiming it at the boy with no shots fired. Officers verily poured from the cruisers and raced to stop what was going on between father and son, and that’s when Judy saw Sealy push a hand into a pocket and then pull it out, revealing that he was seeking a shell to load into the shotgun. It was what she saw next that was just as unbelievable as the Volans incident years before. 
Her mouth fell open when she saw the sheriff place the butt of the shotgun on the ground and then his chin on the barrel pointing skyward, with both hands reaching for the trigger. Numerous officers rushed in with weapons drawn, screaming demands that he drop the gun, and Judy had to peer between scrambling officers to see the sheriff pleading to his son while the officers closed in. She was positive she saw Sheriff Sealy say, “I love you, my son,” just before he placed both knees on the ground and prepared himself for his next act. 
So many officers rushed in and Judy momentarily wondered if Lloyd and she would not capture the moment as it was blocked by so many, but they witnessed the horrid act in its entirety. Both of them started to the awful sound as did the officers who were close enough to feel the shockwave of the report as well as the spattering of flesh and blood that was once Sheriff Kevin Sealy’s head, and they were all witness to his body slumping to its side, lying motionless. Nearly an instant later there were shrill screams coming from Jeremy, who saw it all. Just as fast, Judy knew this was the turning of the page of a tragic story only gone more tragic with each passing moment. 
The scene was cacophonic with the bustling of despondent officers only left with whatever horrors were inside the home and the shrieking boy trying to reach for the mangled body of his dead father, prevented only by the tight and emotional hold of Officer Sharon Striker. Within a small matter of time, the hold became a heart-wrenching hug between Jeremy and the officer, with others quickly joining in as most had personal involvement to at least some degree. Everyone there, alive or dead, was family to some extent. Judy and Lloyd captured all they could, fortunate and unfortunate to be there from the start. They kept their distance, though, lest they infuriate anyone on the scene, what with all of them visibly distraught while performing their jobs as best they could. Judy would have enough time to write and say what needed reporting, and her place in yet another unbelievable story involving Sheriff Kevin Sealy was assured. 

For Jeremy, his world went so crazy so fast. Yes, he knew things for the family were really hard for some time and that Mom and Dad didn’t seem to love each other anymore, but home was home and that’s where he went to go home. But, now after what’s happened, not anymore. Now that Dad did all of those terrible things, it seems Jeremy won’t ever be going home again. He cried loud, hard, and a lot, not just from the pain caused by all he saw, but because he was so scared and had no idea what would happen next. At least Officer Striker held him and comforted him while she daubed at the occasional tear on his shoulder. It seemed as if the entire world felt so bad because of this. 
With his trembling wrist, Jeremy pushed away the tears that kept coming, not just because they wouldn’t stop coming but because he felt the need to know where he was going. He was fairly sure they were going to the station, but he wasn’t completely sure of anything anymore. Jeremy didn’t think he’d ever be sure of anything ever again. 
He looked to Officer Striker and asked, “I’m not going to jail, am I?”
Her face looked so commiserative when she said, “Oh God, Jeremy. Of course not. You haven’t done anything wrong, sweetheart.”
But she wasn’t there when everything happened, so how could she know that for sure? Jeremy has been sad for quite some time now, largely because everyone had been so sad for so long, and that was because the whole world had been so mean and unfair. Jeremy was sure his father never committed those crimes or any crimes at all, although he didn’t understand the nature of the crimes of which Dad was accused. But Jeremy heard those shots that morning; oh, yes he did. He saw his father rush into the bedroom where Mom and the babies slept, and then after so much went on, he witnessed Dad emerge from that room shirtless, covered with blood, and looking like a complete monster. 
It was terrible and confusing because there was so much screaming and so many loud gunshots, and craziness all around. Jeremy heard so much screaming coming from so many different directions, but the worst was that the more there were shots and blood everywhere, the less there was any screaming. But it was all so weird because Jeremy remembered seeing his father lying on the kitchen floor looking as if he could die, but certainly not bloodied. But then there were shots and screams, and Jeremy just knew that he had to run somewhere. 
He found a place to hide, for how long he didn’t know, but before too long Dad was in the hallway looking as if he showered in blood while holding a smoking shotgun. Dad’s eyes looked so far away, but Jeremy knew what he saw in there, or at least he thought he did. Then, to be the most awful thing Jeremy could ever see, Nadine rushed into the corridor to see what was going on and then came upon their father. She looked so weird to simply remain there yet run in place so fast while screaming so loud, all to the awful sight of their father. But then when she saw the expression on Dad’s face and then him lower the barrel of the shotgun right at her, she went still and silent. For just a moment. 
Then Jeremy heard her say, “No, Daddy. Please don’t do this. I love you so much, Daddy.”
Jeremy tried telling her to run away, but the words wouldn’t come out. He felt his jaw working like it should, but his fear wouldn’t allow the sound to escape. He so much wished he could have yelled to her to run but all she did was go still and quiet and then place her hands over her sobbing face, and just stand there. A moment later the thunderous blast from the shotgun forced her against the wall, and God but there was so much blood. The sudden trauma somehow kept Nadine on her feet for longer than Dad appreciated, so one more shot tore Nadine’s head apart and her ravaged body slumped to the floor. It wasn’t but an extended moment later and somehow Dad noticed Jeremy hiding in the living room, and they shared a nightmarish flash of eye contact. 
Somehow, after all that took place, Jeremy felt motivated to spring into action, leading him to grab the expensive dark blue heavy glass vase Mom treasured so much and throw it at his father just before finding his feet and running from the house as fast as he could. 
“But I wasn’t a good citizen, Officer Sharon. I wanted so much to stop my Dad from hurting anyone, but I was so scared and all the shots were so loud. I still have a lot of bells in my ears. I wanted to save my family, but all I did was hide when they couldn’t. I did do something wrong, Officer Sharon, because the babies had no way to hide.”
“Jeremy,” she said, “we don’t know why some people do the horrible things they do. It isn’t just you; nobody knows what to do about these awful things. If we did, we would have been there before it got bad.”
She tried comforting him during the ride to the station, but he didn’t know she was certain that when they arrived, things would have to take an official tone. Jeremy would have to be talked to, almost interrogated in a rather gentle way because while these sorts of crimes seem so obvious and the motives almost transparent, the world would need to know as much as possible regarding a horrifying story that started bad and then just kept getting worse. 

Nina May Rourke was immersed in the mood as she lectured to a class of young but vibrant new teachers learning about the numerous dynamics of the Autism Spectrum, informing them how the knowledge and new discoveries would impact so many lives. She saw much wonder and awe in many expressions, but fright and even some level of disgust within others. It seemed so quick how simple it was to determine who would pursue this amazing career choice and who would not. Some would possess the empathy for those afflicted while others would only want a measure of distance. 
From a casual glance, Nina May looked a lot like the stereotypical librarian, with her frumpy clothes and hair pulled into a bun tighter than banjo strings, all placed on and over a particularly hefty figure. While there were some jokes floating around that she was the inspiration for the character in Mrs. Doubtfire, it was because she possessed many of the same qualities. Nina May was a cheerful, effervescent woman with an infectious laugh, made quite infectious by how much laughter she could exude in any given minute. 
There were times when she felt a subtle twinge of guilt for the chronic happiness consuming so much of her daily life. Much of her professional life was devoted to providing instruction for teachers and counselors specializing in autism, which was an ability she could wield with a marked degree of excellence. While she had an uncanny gift for relating with children and young adults ranging up and down the lengthy autism spectrum, she could not find within herself a sense of trouble or aversion to the dramatic rise in autistic cases over the past several years. It wasn’t that she was a mere believer in fate or it is what it is, but something in the world was bringing the problem to the light. Because of this, whatever this was, there had to be someone there who could cope with aplomb. Nobody enjoys an apartment fire, but it’s relieving to know there are professionals out there who know just what to do. So regardless of the statistics revolving around the issue, she felt verve in working with these precious children, partly because she was so good at it. Nina May Rourke slept soundly at night because she was confident the world was being inundated with these needful people and she was there for them. 
“One of the most important things to understand, yet among the most difficult to comprehend, is that it appears the autistic operates on a wavelength uniquely their own, depending on where they reside along the spectrum,” she said to the attentive class. “While I realize this is not an attractive example, as your understanding of the autistic grows, the more this analogy will make some sense. It doesn’t always appear as if the autistic is more or less impaired depending on where they are along the spectrum, as this is made apparent by many of the fascinating savants we hear about. 
“Many of us are aware of the amazing cases where severely autistic people display amazing abilities, often at a remarkably young age. We’ve seen autistics well younger than the age of seven who suffer from so many issues, yet can play the piano with abilities that stun and rival masters who’ve played for decades. Then we’ve seen many people whose position along the spectrum is so mild that they appear to be little more than somewhat quirky. They may merely possess a fixation on something relatively mundane or obscure while being awkward in dealing with otherwise everyday activities. These people may not immediately be found as autistic simply because we all have our weak and strong points.”
She continued on with her lecture, finding it more enjoyable with each passing minute when her momentum was stunted by an officer she recognized approach her without a moment’s hesitation. 

Nina May was on her way to the station within minutes, running numerous thoughts and theories through her mind, wondering what she could say or do with Jeremy that might unlock some of the thoughts he kept securely to himself as he fell into a darker chasm of no communication with those at the Sheriff’s Department. What the poor child endured was more than most could cope with despite their strengths and abilities, so for this to happen to a boy known to endure such autistic afflictions was almost unimaginable. Nina could not imagine what the boy saw or felt as his entire family was destroyed in such an appalling fashion. Nina May knew she would have to be at her best on this one. 
Her reasons for wanting to think deep weren’t solely because of what an autistic boy went through, but also because the case involved a murder/suicide within a family setting, sometimes referred to as familial suicide, which is an unfortunate scenario growing in popularity. Because Nina May harbors a unique ability to reach into the psyche of some of humanity’s most puzzling anomalies, she’s been brought on as a consultant in several similar cases before, and the fact that these cases are so numerous is among the puzzling perplexities of the issue. 
Her position of expertise within Human Behavioral Studies situates her in a proper place for consideration of such cases, and she has to admit to herself that they both appall and fascinate her. Yet, in all the other cases she’s participated in, she’s never had any distinctive knowledge of the victims in question. She’s only been able to provide opinions in broad strokes, usually because there have rarely been any survivors, and those who have personal knowledge of the victims involved usually demonstrate how little they knew about their loved ones. But in this case, Nina May personally knows some of those involved. She’s done some work with Jeremy in the past and she was quite familiar with Sheriff Kevin Sealy, thanks much in part due to her work with his department. 
She’s been brought into several cases on numerous occasions in order to provide some insight into cases involving domestic abuse, including the abuse of challenged children. Through these incidences she has spoken with Sheriff Sealy regarding Jeremy and then had the opportunity to meet and work with Jeremy. It struck her as intriguing that Jeremy found so much solace in graphic novels; one might have thought the simpler comic books might have satisfied him, but that wasn’t the case. Jeremy much preferred the more elaborate graphic novels, and the more intricate and complex the story, the better. 
As she drove towards the Sheriff’s Department, she knew this particular incident would remain with her forever. Part of it was because she personally knew members of the family (and yet never saw any of this coming, which disappointed her) and because the sole survivor was a particularly sensitive moderately autistic teenage boy. Another reason was because, as one who specializes in the complexities of human behavior, she harbors numerous theories as to why such tragedies occur. Her theories have been numerous and often compounded by information from the few survivors and from those thought to know the families, but yet so many pieces have been missing. Nina May knows enough about the human mind to know that those who committed these heinous crimes, and those who were directly victimized, are truly the ones with the most valuable information. Everyone else is mainly a bystander with incomplete theories and opinions, often influences by in-law factors, holiday events, and family gossip. 
The various episodes, far more in number than one might assume and certainly not slotted into any particularly narrow socio-economic factors, have been an insidious mystery on so many levels. And now, there’s this puzzling one with the Sealy family. The primary survivor is one she’s worked with in the past and does know to a point, but just happens to be a rather uncommunicative autistic boy. Just as the department came into sight as she drove, Nina May knew her work was cut out for her. She knew with every part of her that this would require everything she has and everything she is in order to solve it. She knew with confidence this puzzle rested solely on her for a solution. Interestingly, Jeremy Sealy just might be the key to the solidification to many of her theories. But Jeremy, without this trauma, has long been a mystery, since he can be open and affectionate (rare among many autistics) but so, so arcane. She pulled directly into the first parking place she saw, it was reserved for someone but she didn’t notice who, and went inside. 
“Thank God you’re here, Mrs. Rourke. Right this way.”
She was provided an unimpeded pathway since stepping foot through the front door, having a way paved directly to Jeremy, who was finding comfort in the company of Officer Sharon Striker; an officer with a good reputation and the wieldy influence of apparent feminine charms. Striker was quite popular because she was, according to the current vernacular, smoking hot, but tough, too. Those that knew her thought of Jennifer Garner or Angelina Jolie when referring of Striker, although she supposedly looked more like Charlize Theron, according to whomever. But it did not matter how alluring this officer was, because when Jeremy saw Nina May approaching, he gave a thankful smile while letting go of the officer and came directly to her. That, she saw, was a positive start. 
“Oh, Nina May,” he cried.
“Come here, Jeremy.”
She held him close to her while he cried, and that, too, was a positive thing, as many autistics find contact rather uncomfortable. But Jeremy was a loving boy from a loving family; all of which only added to the mystery. Also, his tragedy and sorrow was felt by her through proximity, both in space and heart, as she knew these people, too. She felt the wetness of his tears as well as the pain in his heart, and she felt her own sorrow coming. She’s always found Jeremy to be a sweet and tender boy who deserves a better lot in life, yet she found so much happiness in the boy being in the loving care of the Sealy family. Until now, that was. Now, she also felt the loss of who always appeared to be a fine and humble man; a man dragged through so much torment and tragedy, and certainly more anguish than he deserved. If she knew anything at all about people, she felt absolutely confident that Kevin Sealy was not guilty of the accusations hurled his way. 
But for now, she would have to blink away her tears and seize what moments may come. 
She held him gently but brought him to arm’s length and said, “Sweetheart, we are all so sorry for what happened.”
“Me, too,” Jeremy managed to say. 
“But Jeremy, I want you to know that we’re really going to need your help,” she said. “Not now, but very soon. Soon, I want you to help me understand what happened, okay?”
Chapter Two

For the Sealy family, there was a time before the tragedy. There was a time when they, as a family, created a reputation for being so loving, close, and near perfect. So, despite the insanity and violence they suffered in the end, they thrived on the delight of family perfection and immense love up until a short time before the morning around the Climbing Nightshade. Before all the wrong, there was just so much that was right. 
Just a few weeks before Judy and Lloyd staked out the Sealy home, Kevin was at the wheel, rolling north on I-81 and crossing over the New York border and leaving Pennsylvania behind, as well as another memorable Disney World vacation. The entire family really enjoyed this year’s family vacation at Disney despite the time of year they chose to go. They were rushing home just a day before the new school year was commencing, so if anyone accused them of waiting until the last minute, they wouldn’t be too far off. Both Kevin and Erin agreed that if they’re going to go on vacation during the peak season, then at the tail-end of that season was best. The crowds were slightly leaner in August than July, when a significant percentage of the planet’s population was in Florida. 
For many years, the Sealy family visited Disney World sometime during the month of October. Erin would negotiate the details with the school, particularly for Nadine, obtaining the necessary studies and assignments so Nadine didn’t fall too far behind by the time vacation was over. Nadine would work on the schoolwork for a minimum of an hour or so after playing in the parks all day, or would knock out the schoolwork before they began each day’s adventures. The Sealy family pursued this strategy because they learned Disney World is truly a vacation experience when visited in October; this is when the crowds are at their leanest and the weather is categorically pristine. But on the plus side of this particular trip, they enjoyed the company of the crowds and actually found a valid reason to try out the FastPass thing everyone touts as the paradigm shift of summer vacations. 
They chose a more traditional time to vacation this time because Nadine was coming up on her senior year; the studies, assignments and even the social settings were too large a factor to ignore. Nadine enjoys a pleasant position within the school’s unforgiving caste system that shouldn’t be jeopardized, and the schoolwork at this time couldn’t risk any troubles, what with college so close in sight. 
Erin understood the issues more than Kevin, and hers was the deciding vote. He didn’t see how vacationing in October would impede anything, but there were social subtleties he rarely comprehended. So, this year they endured tropical weather and peak season prices. But there was another motive to their MO, as Nadine just might not be there for next year’s Florida vacation. Next year, she’d likely be attending college and planning a vacation to some resort named Rehab with numerous college-age friends. Just the thought of it cost Kevin some hair. 
Entering into the Empire State always marked the official end to their vacation, with everyone confident that business-as-usual was just beyond the horizon. This time they’d have to rush in order to make sure they were on top of things. Erin had the evening to make sure things were ready for the school year; she would have her hands full with the logistics of four offspring. Kevin would be focused primarily on work, as he’d be returning to work the very next day. 
Just as they were rolling over the border, Kevin said, “Would there be any objections to stopping for a bit of lunch? I was thinking I’d order some pizza for dinner tonight.”
“I think some lunch would be a good idea,” Erin said. 
While everyone was used to Kevin’s penchant for truck stops during the long trips up and down the east coast (they’re not truck stops, but travel centers welcoming RV’s just like ours, he would argue), this time they stopped at a Wendy’s near the shimmering metropolis of Endicott. While being the birthplace of Dick’s Sporting Goods and once being a major seat for the corporate juggernaut known as IBM as well as once being the Endicott in Endicott-Johnson Shoes, the quaint village entered the 21st Century with a humble and inconsequential position within the scheme of things. But it did have a permanent place within Kevin’s professional history, as much of his early career was as an officer in this part of the state and Endicott made it onto his radar more than a few times. 
Once he parked the RV, everyone made it clear they wanted out, even Gabby and Noni. Noni, born as Innocent Sealy, was an easygoing if not potentially emotional little girl, while Gabby could be more than a little restless and ensured everyone knew it. A nickname to replace the comfortable Gabby was on the board, what with Gabby sounding a bit girly for a boy named Gabriel. Kevin doubted anyone ever called John Wayne Mary and got away with it. While nobody in the crew was at the miserable stage yet, with symptoms including shallow bickering followed by miles of irritable silence, the dark emotional clouds were looming. Nadine’s storms brewed constantly because she was seventeen and therefore certifiable, but Erin’s demeanor crumbled bit by bit because she knew the next couple of days would be hectic at best. 
The truth be told, Erin Sealy lived an enjoyable lifestyle and everyone knew it. In fact, making sure people knew it was part of her course of events within the social structure of Upstate New York. Not only that, her kids were good kids and she knew it, affording her a good standing in the social scenery important to her. She genuinely appreciated her husband’s position in her personal and social affairs (he attended to Gabby and Noni almost exclusively during the vacation) and she knew things could be so much worse and still be okay. 
Kevin was mildly surprised that Erin was good with Wendy’s for lunch, knowing clearly that McDonald’s would never be acceptable in her world. She made that clear when she stated Disney himself would roll over in his grave (uh, he was cremated, darling) because of how much Disney cavorted with what she felt was the scourge of fast food. 
But Wendy’s seemed just fine, with their plethora of side choices beyond the fries and the more mature setting. After all, she detested clowns and found the Burger King guy with the plastic head more than a little creepy, so glad he was gone. Erin enjoyed some sort of salad while Nadine had a chicken sandwich with a side salad. Jeremy and Kevin both decided on burgers, and while Jeremy wolfed down the fries as if they were heavenly, Kevin felt at home with the chili. He was pretty sure the chili arrived to the stores in either vats, drums, or bags the size of hot air balloons after being made somewhere overseas by the silo, but damn if it wasn’t quite good. While it earned him a narrowed, evil eye from the better half, he added the cardiovascular delights of sour cream and cheddar cheese along with three packets of their chili hot sauce, all in order to create the ideal American lunch. 
“Hey, if everyone’s up to it,” Kevin said, “I’ll get some Frosties.”
Throughout the entire vacation, it was Nadine who intrigued him the most. Now that she’s the age she is, she’s chronically bored with virtually everything and particularly things of a familial nature, which means she can be difficult to be around at times. He was concerned she might prove distracting throughout the vacation, but he was pleasantly surprised. She interacted wonderfully with the two little ones and demonstrated enough maturity that she’s transitioning from teen to adult. While he welcomed such changes, they also frightened him some. Hey, she is still in many ways his little girl. 
Once everyone was ready to go, Kevin had to smile about how things were going. He said, “All right. Everyone ready to load it up and knock out the last leg of the trip?”
For the most part, everyone was rather quiet and doing their thing, including Erin. She seemed content enough albeit a bit wary of the coming days. It seemed everyone was chatted out after being boxed up for the past thousand miles; he couldn’t imagine how old things must get when people do such trips in a van or, eww, a small car. He was glad they always did so in their roomy RV, although he never imagined that none of them would ever leave New York State ever again. 
“I suppose we had better get this over with, dear,” Erin said. 
After being so sated, they settled into their places for the final stretch before arriving within the Sealy driveway. Once they were back on I-81 heading north, enjoying the satellite radio (a significant blessing) and the familiar scenery, Kevin wondered what was in store for his world now that he going back to work and the autumn season was hinting of its intent despite the warmth of the moment. As a man who has worked in law enforcement since his twenties, he knows well that life isn’t this simple for very long. 
But Kevin was a man comfortable with counting his blessings. His little corner of the world wasn’t known to endure a lot of crime. Mostly it was kids testing the limits of their customized cars or people enjoying the historical splendors of alcohol, but his county wasn’t known for the endless strings of rape, murder and everything else known to afflict major population areas. His was largely a rural county, and although it wasn’t immune to the scourges of the human condition, its natural space encouraged what was the better part of people. But little did he know that the world’s problems would find their way into his corner of it, and that none of them would ever see Disney World again was the least of his concerns. 

Chapter Three

The morning after they arrived home, the dizzying jollity of vacation was already falling back into the corners of Sheriff Sealy’s mind while he drove the familiar route from home to the office. But he drove in feeling refreshed and topped off, ready to take on whatever came his way. He wasn’t expecting to run into some sort of gauntlet, as the relatively few calls he received while in Florida were little more than updates and requests for advice and suggestions. He was duly informed of all things serious in nature, but there were no bombings, earthquakes, asteroids, serial killers, riots, or attacks from Mars. He lived in a nice part of the world where things were usually okay, aside from the drunken fools and Darwin Award contestants. These were the things he was thinking when he parked in his reserved place and walked into the building. 
“Good morning, Sheriff! How was the tropical paradise this year?”
“It was damned hot and I actually sunburned the backs of my hands,” Kevin said while stepping to his desk and placing his hat where it goes. “But otherwise it was the same old thing, just with a few minor changes. How’s the excitement been around here?”
“We’ve been coping with the logistics of traffic through the construction area along I-80, which is just more time consuming than hard,” Deputy Rice said. “Harder has been all the rumors about a meth lab running somewhere on the northern side of the county, but we haven’t found anything. It’s likely on someone’s kitchen table now, but we’ll watch for more signs. Uh, oh, and there’s supposedly some sort of organized crime ring infiltrating the U-Yank-It Junkyard & Used Parts Depot.”
“That sounds so ominous, but I want to keep a hawk’s eye on this meth lab shit. It might be small now, but this is not a county in Kentucky. They’re inundated with that craziness down there and I don’t want it here. Why can’t it just be pot, for Christ’s sake?” the Sheriff asked. 
“I want the usual suspects watched close and even followed if we have to,” he said as the phone rang. His secretary usually answers, but he had his hand on the phone. After he said, “Those Eckert boys are bound to know something, so press on them,” the phone was on its third ring, so he picked it up.
“This is Sheriff Sealy.”
“Good morning, Sheriff Sealy. You’re just the man I was seeking. I am FBI agent Lawrence Stevenson and I am requesting your presence at the abandoned abattoir plants just north of Beckston, just past the abandoned warehouses that should have been knocked down long before anyone knew about the end of the Mayan Calendar. Am I correct in my assumption that you’re familiar with this area?”
Kevin blinked more than once to this. Having his presence requested by anyone from the FBI has never been common, but having it done in a manner as though the agent was talking to, well, Jeremy or Rice, plucked a sour note. This wrong note only managed to shed light on a character flaw in Sheriff Sealy (playing him like he’s dumb quickly proves regrettable with most); it quickly put him on the defensive. 
“Your investigative abilities must be uncanny, what with you working out the county sheriff is familiar with a town in that county,” Sheriff Sealy replied. “What I am unfamiliar with is why someone of your position would be calling me to a location where there should be nothing to see but crumbling concrete, but yet there’s apparently something so important that you went there and couldn’t come to my office first.”
“There are issues of significant importance at this location, Sheriff,” Agent Stevenson said over the phone. “But your level of knowledge regarding what’s occurred here requires further investigation. I strongly recommend you proceed to this location directly.”
Kevin had to put his coffee down. “What in the hell did you just say to me? Oh, rest assured, pal; I’ll be out there as soon as I can.”
He didn’t afford the affront another moment and just hung up the phone. He patted his pocket to ensure his cell phone was on him, and it was. Why wasn’t I called on my cell? The cell number is always next to his office landline number, so why not call it first? Everyone else does. He stepped away from his desk after not even having the chance to warm it up yet, and looked to Deputy Michael Rice. 
Kevin liked Rice for the most part, but sometimes he wondered if there were switches and relays within Mike’s head that needed a quick shot of WD-40. While there were a few dull edges, for the most part Rice was a good cop. The story goes that Rice possesses instinctive skills more on target than his cognitive abilities, and the sheriff thought it might be time to put that to the test.
“Mike, tell me that you’re not familiar with anything going on at the Beckston abattoir plants.”
For just a moment there was the stuck-relay expression, and then Rice said, “I am not familiar with anything going on at the Beckston abattoir plants, but now I’m really curious about what I don’t know.”
“As am I. I haven’t thought about that little smear on the map for some time. But if there’s anything going on, we can ask the FBI about it when we get there.”
The surprised look on Rice’s face was what he wanted to see, because if there’s anyone on the roster who cannot achieve a poker face, it’s Michael Rice. He wouldn’t be able to button his lip on virtually anything without the pressure popping blood vessels in his neck before long. But it wasn’t as if the genuine reactions made Sheriff Sealy feel any better since there’s a crime scene within his jurisdiction so important that the FBI felt it proper they investigate before informing the county sheriff of a single goddamned thing. 
No, that wasn’t it. It was that he was talked to as if he is a potential suspect whose place in things doesn’t come into play until now. That really chafed at Sheriff Sealy’s ass, but his instincts told him this was deeper than a chafing. 
Just what the hell is going on?
“The FBI is at the Beckston abattoir plants?” Rice asked. “Sheriff, why does this smell like something worse than old meat?”
“The fact that I have no idea is what pisses me off the most,” Kevin said as he grabbed his hat and mentally checked to ensure he had everything. “But you can bet a good lunch I’ll know a lot more very soon.”
“Roger that, Sheriff. I’ll be right behind you, if you want.”
“Good enough, Mike. And when we get there, I want you to…hang on just a sec.”
Sheriff Sealy processed a thought and then said, “Tell you what. I want you to go ahead of me. I want you out there about ten minutes or so ahead of me.”
“Okay, but should I get someone else in tow for, you know, some backup?”
“Mike, it’s the FBI out there, not the fucking Mafia. If they are who they say they are, and my spider senses think so, then I’m sure the location is secure. But be on your guard. This joker made it sound as if we’re the ones under suspicion, so watch and tell me what you see. Other than there are FBI around, tell me what you see that isn’t normal; there has to be a good reason for whatever’s going on,” Sheriff Sealy said as he placed his hat in position and felt for his sidearm. “I’ll pull in just a few minutes behind you, but call me when you have a hold of what you see, and call me on the cell, not the radio. If they can’t play fair and out in the open, then neither will we. But you can bet your sweet bippy that we will from here going forward.”
“I’m with you, Sheriff,” Rice said as he moved towards the door. “I’ll call soon.”
Once Deputy Rice was out of sight and on the way, Kevin picked up the phone and dialed from memory. 
Beckston’s Chief of Police, Hugh Miller, picked up after just one ring and said, “Hey there, Kevin. How are Erin and the kids, and how did the mouse trap hold up this year?”
“Everyone’s good, Hugh, and the parks were so damned busy. But I’m calling for a serious reason, my friend. I need to know exactly what’s going on at the abattoir plants. I mean the ones by the old warehouses,” the sheriff said. 
He heard Chief Miller lean forward in his creaky chair and say, “There had better not be a single goddamned thing going on out there, Sheriff. Why?”
“Just minutes ago, I received a direct call from an FBI agent who wants my ass out there pronto, but he wouldn’t tell me why and implied as if I already didn’t know,” Sheriff Sealy said. 
There was a moment of silence shrilly stating what? But Miller said, “I’ll be over there right away. Since you’re still in your office, I should beat you there by a few minutes, so I’ll call you and tell you what I see.”
“Thanks. You’ll likely see Rice over there as I sent him ahead of me so he could do the same thing, but two perspectives would be nicer. I don’t know what’s up, Hugh, but they played me like I was dirty. It has to be something big enough for them to be there, but why the Cloak & Dagger bullshit?”

The thirty minute drive to Beckston was long and irritating for Kevin. As he drove, his lips were pursed, his fists were clenched tight to the wheel, and he had the notion to kick the goddamned shit out of just about anyone. I’ve been a cop all my life and I’ve never even heard of bullshit like this. 
Sure, he’s always known that dirty cops are out there and they’re investigated, because suspicious cops should be treated that way. Sheriff Sealy has always been a cop with sharp instincts, so if he’s had any sort of tail, he would have clued into it rather quickly. But he’s always been a clean cop, so there’s no reason for suspicion. It’s just reality that someone can be found suspicious for illegitimate reasons and show the whole thing was a waste of time, so there’s usually something turning out to be nothing. But what is the equation in his case? 
There wasn’t one, which is precisely what pissed him off. Once Kevin was off the highway and traversing the beaten roads to the plants, which were thankfully over a rise and out of sight to those otherwise going by, even the rude nature of the rough roads angered him. Rather than feeling as though he was arriving to a crime scene, he felt as though he was being led into a hole or a trap, and at a goddamned slaughterhouse no less. He felt this way because this Lawrence Stevenson, who would be referred to as Larry from here forward whether he liked it or not, talked to him as though he was either traitorous to or beneath his position. 
“He had better have a good goddamned reason for that,” Kevin hissed as he negotiated the mangled roads leading to the plant. The New York winters have been harsh on these forgotten roads; a fact suggesting that nothing of any good should have been attracted to the scene, and that made the hair on his arms stand up. Beyond that was the fact that there was federal law enforcement already here and well before he knew shit about shit, which made his teeth clench. He rolled over the rough terrain in a vehicle not designed for it, and a particularly good bump caused him to thump the side of his head on his driver’s side window, prompting his disposition to show signs of boiling over. 
Straightening his hat, he grumbled, “I think I need a vacation.”
Kevin crested the hill, arriving at his destination. What he saw widened his eyes and caused his mouth to fall open. If there was a smell of barbecue, one might think this was a veritable FBI reunion. There were cruisers, vans, a goddamned helicopter for Christ’s sake, and jackets and shirts emblazoned with the FBI logo all over the place. If that wasn’t bizarre enough, there were a number of young women and girls amounting to more than one could count without really concentrating, and they obviously were not cops, and they were obviously not from Beckston. What was obvious was they were terrified. 
That caused Sheriff Sealy to shift from angry guy to cop just like that. This was not going to be an obvious Sealy roast; this was a real crime scene looking very bad. 
Even worse was when he saw Chief Hugh Miller and Deputy Rice; they weren’t on point the way he wanted. When he made eye contact with them, their expressions did not say, Sheriff, you have got to see this! No, those expressions read more like, Dear God in Heaven, what’s been going on around here?
“Yeah, what has been going on around here?” he said to no one. 
The eyes watching him weren’t just eyes that knew him. In fact, once those who were taking control of the scene spotted him, several of them watched him intently and one of them moved straight for him. His expression was suspicious and unfriendly, as though he expected to see a weapon at any moment. It was very clear that the local jurisdiction wasn’t a welcome lending hand and only appeared to be a potential suspect. 
But Sheriff Kevin Sealy isn’t taking that from anyone, and particularly not within his jurisdiction. He pulled his cruiser to the side and shut the engine down. No sooner did the last piston come to a halt when his boot was touching down on the dusty, broken asphalt whose better days reminisced of a different era. By the time the sheriff had both boots on the ground and was out of the car, the approaching agent was close enough to spit on him, and his expression suggested he might be considering it. 
“Okay, Larry,” Sheriff Sealy said, taking a guess. “I would like you to inform me of what’s going on around here, and do so in fine fucking detail along with providing specific information explaining why I didn’t know shit until now. Now it’s your turn; go ahead.”
It was apparent both men avoided the obligatory, ceremonial handshake expected at such a moment, exchanging it for an expression indicating the other guy wasn’t good enough to be there. Kevin felt an instant and deep disdain for the man before him, only partly because he disregarded showing the reigning sheriff the professional courtesy of investigative transparency, let alone any inclusion into the command structure. But regardless of how he tried, Kevin could not muster a degree of disgust. Instead, he felt genuine concern and hearty apprehension; there was something very serious taking place here. 
“The name is FBI Agent Lawrence Stevenson, and I’m not going to bullshit you for one more instance, Sheriff Sealy. What you see taking place right here in the middle of your jurisdiction is a bust of a major Human Trafficking organization that’s been running labor and sex slaves from Central and South America to various locations in the United States and Canada for the specific purpose of smuggling victims from this continent to various other locations around the globe, where they are forced into prostitution until their value runs out. Once that time occurs, they’re murdered and disposed of like trash. Are you with me so far?”
Kevin was genuinely shocked and looked around to see a lot of young women and very young girls, most of which appear Hispanic or Asian, with many of them barely pubescent in age. As inexcusable as the thought was, none of them looked like they were old enough to vote. He saw numerous agents working their way through the buildings and around the grounds. What caused his stomach to turn a notch was that whoever was responsible for this had the audacity to hide these victims in an old, abandoned slaughterhouse as if they were meat for processing. The more he saw, the more it sickened him, because being a cop for as long as he’s been, he’s learned a number of tragic things about Human Trafficking. He knows for a fact that humanity is not the decent, civilized creature it pretends to be. 
“Larry, jerking on my chain isn’t going to get us anywhere. I won’t pretend I have any excuse for not knowing what’s taken place here, but I did not know. This may be taking place in my neighborhood and on my watch, but it went on without my knowledge or the knowledge of any law enforcement in the city, county or state. I like that less than you do, but I can say with confidence that you clearly possess resources I don’t, or I would have been the one calling you out here. So, what gives?”
“Listen closely, Sealy. This wouldn’t be going on like this if anything you just spewed made any damned sense. The assertion that all of this went on without the knowledge of local law enforcement is false, and I have every intent to discover how much you’ve lied to me since we first met,” Agent Stevenson said. “But I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt at the moment, mainly because I don’t have evidence to do anything else. So, follow me and allow me to enlighten you to a few facts since you’ve been dreaming of pixie dust and roller coasters.”
Agent Stevenson turned and walked into the thick of things, with Sheriff Sealy following without objection. Where they went was into a thicket of official automobiles and frightened girls stripped of their innocence and dignity. Several agents had numerous suspects in cuffs and custody, stuffing them into vehicles, but the majority of civilians in sight were clearly not suspects. Kevin felt as though he was somewhere he’s never been, far away from home. What stung was all of this had been going on less than an hour from where he and his family lived. 
Kevin felt his anger defuse and his confusion mount as he saw the location was not merely a secluded hideout but an organized repository and clearly a location of continual occupation. The more he saw made it plain these abandoned abattoir plants were anything but abandoned. How did I never know about this? How does something like this go on right under my nose and I never got a whiff of it? Those were some of the questions making him realize he wasn’t being included in this investigation, but potentially being led to slaughter. 
“What gets me more than anything else, Sheriff, is how easy it is for you to say no aspect of local law enforcement had any knowledge of this, when we now know for a fact a significant percentage of local law enforcement played an integral part in the success of this operation,” Stevenson said, now with genuine anger in his voice as he pointed to yet more suspects. 
Kevin was stunned to see so many familiar faces among the arrested. Several of them were officers in his force, some of them in civilian clothes and many of them actually in uniform. There were a few suspects he knew were longtime residents of the area. His world tilted as he saw before him there’s been a highly organized Human Trafficking ring running in his county, with much of it apparently run by his own people. He focused enough to see if Hugh Miller and Deputy Rice were among the arrested; he saw they were being questioned, but not arrested. That would’ve hurt a lot, what with how they acted prior to being here, but they looked just as shocked as him. 
Kevin could not deny what he was looking at. What he saw wasn’t just a major bust and a major breakthrough on the part of the FBI, but one of the most horrific acts of betrayal he’s witnessed in his time in law enforcement. He didn’t need any more clues to decipher why Agent Stevenson looked at him the way he did.
“You brought me down here being suspicious of any way I might be a part of this, and for that, I don’t blame you,” Sheriff Sealy said. “In fact, I would be rather suspicious myself if you weren’t, as I couldn’t imagine being any different. So, of course you will have my complete cooperation in every professional way. But you’re not going to see me hang my head or seek a shoulder to cry on, Larry, and I have a few questions of my own.”
Sheriff Sealy took a step closer and said, “Like this one for example- since you know enough about this case to make a bust like this, and you’ve made it clear you know quite a bit, why don’t you clue me in as to how much suspicion hovers around me, or Miller or Rice? I don’t think you got shit, which is why you’re being such a dick.”
“We haven’t even left this crime scene yet, Sheriff, so this investigation is far from complete. We took a lot of time to prepare before we went in busting cops, keeping in mind the fact that we shouldn’t toss every law enforcement officer within the region into jail and expect order to remain in the community. But before you continue with some sort of attitude about something isn’t right, let me point out something that should be expressly clear to you.”
Kevin chose to finish his thought for him. “Since its obvious so much of my department and local residency were active parts of what took place here, how could I possibly be innocent of this and then claim a sliver of competency? How could I not be a human smuggler and yet not a complete idiot?”
Just as Judy Kidde and other newsies arrived on the scene, stirring up clouds of dust as they traversed the pocked, craggy entrance in their overstuffed vans, Agent Stevenson said, “Yeah, something like that.”

Chapter Four

It took almost no time for the breaking news to spread throughout the region, and certainly that particular corner of the planet. The news webbed through New York, New England, and eventually Canada and then the big guns on cable and satellite. Just about everybody got wind of it, but the northeastern region took it in like a warm fire on a winter day. 
“We are interrupting your regularly scheduled programming to bring you this late-breaking news story.”
The various news stations, locally and beyond, were having their say regardless of whether viewers have ever heard of Sweeney County, but once the reporting came to the viewers in New York’s central and northern tiers, it was Judy Kidde everyone would watch reporting the latest scoop. Quickly, it would appear to an ever-widening audience hers would be the voice on this ugly story, and the moment thrilled her. Well, she wasn’t actually thrilled with the story for its sake, but that it was fantastic to report such a heinous organization was busted and that these victims would not be shipped off to various corners of Hell, but would quickly be going home. It was certainly juicy that local law enforcement was a big part of the crime rather than the bust, but it stung some that Sheriff Kevin Sealy was caught under a less-than-ideal spotlight. But as they say, it is what it is. 
“Okay, are we ready to do this?” she asked, waiting for her cue. 
“Almost, Judy. It should be any time now.”
And then she hears her cue with, “On the scene right now where these victims were held is our own Judy Kidde, reporting on this tragic story. Judy?”
Judy looked into the camera and out to a world that’s sure to be stunned by what she has to say. She knows that with confidence because what she’s learned thus far has turned her stomach. But she held it together, looking her best and said, “Good morning. I am at the site of the abandoned Beckston abattoir plants in northern Sweeney County, where the FBI uncovered this site has been used as a sort of holding location to illegally confine young girls, some of which are younger than ten and from as far away as Brazil and Argentina. Evidence indicates that not only is this a holding site, but part of an established Human Trafficking route from South America to Canada for the sole intention of moving these girls for the purpose of selling them into forced prostitution in numerous locations around the globe.”
She moved slightly to her right in order for Lloyd, her cameraman, to follow her and include in the frame the background as she said, “A bizarre twist to this story is that the FBI has discovered an inordinate amount of local law enforcement has not just been involved, but an integral part of this operation. These officers have not only been assisting with the successful trafficking, but involved in even more insidious ways. While this is a very unpleasant aspect of this story, it’s been reported that these officers have been allegedly breaking the victims in through rape and confinement in order to prepare them for their futures until they’re sold to buyers abroad.”
Behind Judy the camera showed numerous officers who were being arrested and placed into FBI cruisers as well as the numerous frightened girls and young women who were being assisted by officers on the scene. 
“Judy, are these some of the local law enforcement officers who have been arrested for being a part in this human smuggling ring?” Anchorwoman June Miogi asked. 
“That’s correct, and in a case of vile irony, these abandoned abattoir plants have been used as makeshift brothels, where officers and others have been holding these victims in order to rape them and supposedly prepare them for lives as sex slaves. I want to state again that several of these victims are under the age of thirteen,” Judy said. “According to the FBI, they’ve only recently discovered this branch of the smuggling ring, so details are still few and sketchy at the time. Therefore, how much of the local law enforcement has been actively involved still needs to be determined. We do know that more than a dozen local officers have been arrested for their part in this, with the majority of them being within the Sweeney County Sheriff’s Police Department.
“While some details are still unknown, I can tell you that Sheriff Kevin Sealy has not been arrested, but has been questioned and is a person of interest in the criminal investigation.”
June Miogi asked, “Has Sheriff Kevin Sealy made any official statements regarding his position or involvement in this investigation?”
“While he has not been arrested, we’ve clearly seen he is not participating in this investigation as his role and involvement has yet to be determined. So, we don’t know exactly how he may be involved, and he has yet to provide an interview. It appears that at the moment, the only one who truly knows Sheriff Kevin Sealy’s involvement is the Sheriff himself.”
“Judy, do we know how many victims are there now?”
“While it isn’t known how many victims have gone through here over time, we do know that authorities have rescued more than fifty victims just today. Earlier, an agent informed me that this location has been operating for quite some time and maybe for as long as a year. It’s estimated that this location smuggled more than one hundred victims a month for approximately that period of time.”
Judy hesitated for a moment and then said, “What this tells us, June, is that the officers who have been trusted with the safety and security of this county have been involved in systematic rape, persecution and the sale of victims, and taking illegal payment for the unlawful imprisonment and other unspeakable crimes against an unknown amount of victims for an unknown amount of time.”

Kevin felt as though he was run through a gauntlet of ringers while being grilled by several FBI investigators, along with being intentionally kept in sight of the rolling cameras of the local media. That pissed him off because he knew it was to smear him, and that was dirty pool, what with so much serious suffering here. This Larry kept him in the eyes of Judy Kidde, who was working to squeeze the juiciest details out of this story, and that cameraman of hers was focusing right on him quite a bit. This meant he was interrogated by the FBI while a chunk of his staff was hauled away in cuffs, in plain sight. Kevin also knew that he only needed to do or say the wrong thing and he also would be hauled away in full view of the world. 
“Like I said before, I did not know of this activity and I had no knowledge of any officer’s involvement in this or any other crime. I simply didn’t know of it,” he said. “I can only assume that because I was not involved nor could I be persuaded to become involved, the officers in question ensured I was kept ignorant of these crimes. My knowledge of any of this was zero.”
Kevin looked to see Miller and Rice were enduring a similar line of questioning. It had to be intense for Miller because he looked angry, disgusted, and somewhat frightened. Who could blame him? This was his life and career, and honor, and everyone here not directly involved with the perpetration of these crimes was disgusted to see the condition of some of these poor girls. Many of them had severe binding wounds on their wrists, ankles, and for the love of God, their necks, and they had signs of beatings. What took place here was led by monsters, and the scene was so horrifying on so many levels. It shook Kevin to think this took place on his watch and on his beat, but it hurt most to see humanity was capable of this at all. 
It also hurt so much to think that most people watching from home would think he was either utterly incompetent or clever enough to avoid arrest after being involved to at least some degree. It ate a hole right through him because he knew that if he was at home watching this, he would be thinking so many of the exact same things. 

“This can’t really be happening,” Erin muttered through her hand as she sat and watched the report on TV, leaving her rendered immobile as she witnessed her husband be placed before public judgment, determining whether he was a lying monster or the dumbest of morons with a badge. All anyone watching this had to do was check one. The scene had her so horrified that it was no wonder she jumped and screamed when the phone rang. 
The adrenaline pumping through Erin had her shaking, and rather confused. Being a woman used to a serene and structured lifestyle, such a rush was largely foreign to her. The bizarre sensation had her reeling and when she answered the phone, she didn’t feel like herself. 
“Yes?”
Erin Sealy never answered the phone by saying such a thing. She answered the phone with This is Erin for what had to be so many years and certainly all of her adult life. But she was frightened and somehow felt as though something would leap through the phone and involve her in this tragedy. The thought made her realize with no doubt that she already was. 
“Erin, please tell me you’re seeing the breaking news on the TV right now,” she heard from the caller, the identity of whom failed to register. 
“Yes. Yes, I’ve been watching what’s happening and I…I don’t know what to make of it.”
“Erin, we all know this is craziness, so if you need anything, you just let me know. I can already see where this is going, and you and the kids, and Kevin, too, are going to need some backup.”
“Thanks so much. I’m still trying to grasp hold of this, but I could use all the support I can muster.”
Erin wasn’t sure who it was even after hanging up the phone. The concern took up about two percent of her interest as she turned back to the news report, sure that the media and the FBI slurping up the blood in this got it all wrong regarding Sheriff Kevin Sealy. Erin had no doubt that what Kevin was claiming was all true; she’d have to see video footage of him involved in order to accept it. She knew her husband well enough to know he didn’t have the capability to be involved, but she also knew not everyone knew him so well. 
Erin came to her feet and stood straight up, and took in a deep breath. “Okay, get it together, Erin,” she said to herself. 
She stood there before the TV but no longer watching, looking around at nothing in particular but needing something to present itself as a potential tool or option for some damage control. The thought of Kevin’s involvement in anything illegal as allowing someone to talk their way out of a ticket was beyond the man and she knew it, but she was among a considerably rare group in knowing such a thing. The concern before her revolved more around reputation defense for the entire Sealy family. Kevin’s concerns were grave, but her concerns and the concerns of their children weren’t any better. She looked back to the TV and saw the current events allowing for only two options for the sheriff, at least in the public eye watching at the moment- he’s either a moron or a monster. 
Erin sat back down and dropped her head in her hands, somewhat more for reasons of concentration rather than desperation. She recognized the road to recovery from this was going to be rough and dusty. While looking around the room with an expression of trepidation, she tried taking in the reality that she and her children were the family of a man being accused of running a sex slave smuggling ring. 
Oh, God, she thought. Everyone accused of things like this bear the stamp forever. If a man is accused of child molestation and is innocent, he still bears the mark of the accused. What horrified her as she looked back to the TV was that this mark would be apparent on the entire family. For whatever reason, her thoughts went to family members of serial killers she’s seen on TV talk shows, telling their woeful tales of merely being related to such infamy. 
Erin got up and moved to the kitchen, recognizing the theme of life into the unforeseen future would be one of explaining the truth. But there was an issue causing pain, and that was when one’s life circulates within a socialite setting, prominently, one understands such a lifestyle is hostile to any lurid stigma, regardless of what it is. 
Frenetic, Erin ran through her mind difficult situations she’s known colleagues and associates to endure, trying to recall what got them through the episodes. Feeding her troubles were recollections that some just didn’t endure; they were forced to disappear to cope with their faux pas elsewhere. She remembered the nice Mayfair family finally left the state because their son, enjoying a certain amount of celebrity within his athletic abilities locally, was accused of date rape at least three times. Erin tried shaking the thoughts free, but they came anyway: she wondered what sort of chaos the young man was causing elsewhere and felt glad he was gone. It was hard to point judgment at the boy since the reputations of the accusing girls were not stellar, but then, that shouldn’t matter. 
Muddy waters hesitate to reveal what stirred the muck from the bottom. 
The Vandergrift family is still present after Jacob, Darlene’s so-called perfect husband, was caught on tape soliciting prostitutes through lavish yet sordid escort services. His get-out-of-jail free card was paying an even more sordid amount for sex addiction recovery seminars, but everyone knew that wasn’t the ticket to his forgiveness. Jacob’s delivery to exoneration was the fact that he was not cavorting with fifty-dollar streetwalkers but breathtaking thousand-dollars-a-night professionals. Such was the fine print. 
Erin went to the refrigerator, pulled a pitcher of water from the top shelf and poured a glass of chilled water before settling down at the counter before it, more feeling the sensation of the coolness on her fingers than slaking any genuine thirst. While rubbing her manicured fingers over the cold condensation already building up on the glass, she rummaged through old memories, searching for anyone she’s known who’s been accused of something like molestation and realized she possessed none. But she did recall that she was among those who openly stated over tea how difficult it would be to escape such drama. After all, it is the 21st Century witch hunt and ultimate scarlet letter. 
The hard truth is that in a socially elevated position where most will whisper a confession that they’re acting like something they’re not, the standard is there are no disgraces or stigmas allowed. They are not called the socially elite for nothing. People of, well, other social statures allow for the gay uncles (although the socially elite accept the openly gay, providing they demonstrate the appropriate sophistication), family members with overt drinking problems, and in-laws who partake of smokeless tobacco and drink beer straight from the bottle or can. They allow for that dull niece with the wandering, offset eye who picks her nose and laughs too loud in public. 
Simply put, there is a social platform where everything is expected to be idyllic. Of course it isn’t, but the standards are continually being elevated so that those not living it can aspire to it. The families are happy, peaceful and free of dysfunction. Basic needs are never openly acknowledged other than simple tastes and the selfless desire to show love. Their bills are high, sure, but the incomes are supposed to be higher. It’s honorable to be there after working so hard to obtain it, but it’s far better to be there easily and because you’re just that good. Being born into it affords a special status because such things are seen as an acknowledgment of the stature’s authenticity, here where no disgraces are allowed. 
Erin sat there aghast while the media continued pouring out images of her husband being portrayed like he’s either the single worst monster in the history of New York State law enforcement or the most incompetent Sheriff New York has ever seen. Feel free to pick your choice now. 

Chapter Five

Nadine left the Principal’s Office feeling puzzled, embarrassed and quite angry. She was called down to Mr. Baer’s office for the first time in her life and as she walked the empty halls to get there, she felt the momentary sensation of being in a new school, an unfamiliar place. Rarely has she walked the halls when they weren’t filled to capacity with other students rushing to their next class. Sure, she’s been in the empty halls on occasion because she’s excused herself to the restroom or had some sort of appointment, but those called to the Principal’s Office are those who have been caught smoking, cheating, in overzealous displays of affection, or some other act of impropriety. Anyone who knows Nadine Sealy knows such things do not happen to her. 
At least Mr. Zettervall, her Social Sciences and History teacher, had the good grace to inform her quietly. His expression as he approached wasn’t one of disappointment or humiliation but of concern as he knew she wasn’t in some sort of trouble, or at least none caused by her. Nadine ran through her mind the scenarios and failed to find something plausible enough to bring her out here in the hall by herself as she made her way to Mr. Baer’s office. If she was forced to guess, she never would have guessed correctly. 
She would leave the Principal’s Office after discussing with him and some officer from the FBI her level of knowledge regarding her father’s involvement with some Human Trafficking organization smuggling sex slaves through the area. Well, Mr. Baer listened and was stunned while the officer wanted every detail about their recent Florida vacation and more. 
“Miss Sealy, was your father ever absent from the rest of the family for any significant length of time? Was he away while the rest of you played?” this officer asked, being intimidating and overly serious. 
“No, he was not. I never followed him into the men’s room, if you must know, but he was always there with us,” she said after being put on the defensive. 
“Was your father on the phone a lot during the course of the vacation, or did he carry more than one cell phone?” this asshole wanted to know. “Miss Sealy, is your father known to carry large amounts of cash, particularly in larger bills? What were the details of your accommodations and mode of transportation while vacationing in one of the most expensive tourist destinations in the country?”
Nadine felt attacked by the mode of questioning and her expression must have made this clear. This officer then said, “Miss Sealy, right now your father is being questioned about his involvement in the sex slave smuggling ring that’s been operating out of the Beckston abattoir plant location for a considerable amount of time. Have you ever visited this location with your father?”
“Sir, I have never toured a slaughterhouse with anyone and I can’t think of a good reason to do so.” She wanted to battle him but felt if she started she would not stop. 
“Are you familiar with them at all?”
“The only thing I’ve ever heard of is some enjoying the terrain near those old buildings, with dirt bikes or ATV’s, and that hasn’t been in some time,” she said. 
“Miss Sealy, just what level of understanding do you have regarding the details of Human Trafficking?” he asked while continually tapping a finger on the desk, as if in impatience or irritation. 
“I honestly know almost nothing, so since we’re here at the school, please enlighten me with your wealth of knowledge,” she said, letting her combativeness slip. 
“Young lady, these criminals pursue and capture innocent young women like yourself, but these days the pursued are usually quite younger,” he said as he crossed his arms. “They often lure these women with promises of a better life and then keep them captive, but usually just capture them kicking and screaming before beating them or drugging them to a state of immobility. Then, they are repeatedly raped while being drugged over and over with narcotics known to possess addictive qualities, mainly to force them to need the drugs. All of this is to prepare them for sale to those who desire drugged yet alluring prostitutes for various purposes and desires. 
“The thing is, the shelf life of women and girls treated in such a manner is short, mainly because they soon look drugged out and bear too much bruising to be attractive to the mainstream clientele. So, they’re sold to those who want such conditions, mainly because torture and mutilation before murder along with the violent rape is all part of the package. But new and fresh meat must continually flow in order for the profits to flow,” he said, trying to act as though he doesn’t want to smile. “There are plenty of other details, but these are some of the things your father is alleged to be a part of and support, and enjoy as he counts his profits while in line for the Carousel of Progress.”
“All right, sir,” Mr. Baer said, showing his level of irritation. “You’ve gone beyond making your point. You might recall we agreed to a legitimate line of questioning because of the serious nature of the crimes.”
Nadine wanted to shriek at this vile man, hinting to her emotional state with traces of pooling tears and some angry trembling. Mr. Baer noticed this well and stated, “Nadine, please feel free to respond to this officer in a manner you see appropriate.”
“Thank you, Mr. Baer,” she said, and then looked to the intruding officer and said, “Allow me to educate you on some issues regarding my father that you have failed to discover on your own. I have never known my father to do anything outside of something honorable and lawful, and our ability to enjoy such vacations is through frugal spending and proper investments. As for these crimes you speak of, I do not know anything about them, but I will say with confidence that if my father is involved in any way, it is through brave determination to see these things stopped and the criminals brought to justice. That’s because my father is among the most decent people alive in the world today, made clearer by the level of prevalence you indicate this crime enjoys, and if you continue hinting to anything less than that, you and I are going to make the breaking news before the top of the hour.”
“Okay, I think this is gone as far as it’s going to go,” Mr. Baer said. “Nadine, thank you for your cooperation and I apologize for the situation. As for you, officer, you are done here.”
It was just a matter of seconds and she was out of the office and on her way back to class; she struggled with fighting tears while needing to talk to her parents, and fighting the urge to rush outside and kick that guy square in the balls. But like it or not, what she heard and was asked tilted her level of reality. Nadine is a seventeen year old young lady pursuing her life and all that goes with it, but clearly there are issues of the human condition she must avoid. She knew there were awful things occurring in the world, but she was not aware they went on here in the neighborhood. It was a lot to absorb. 
Feeling as she did while negotiating those empty, quiet halls all alone with her new concerns, she didn’t welcome any more company, but had some coming. Running into Samara Rivers, Sam or Sammy to most, wouldn’t have been on the top of her list at the moment, but there she was. Sam was also on her way back to class, but her reasons for being out of class were likely more mundane than Nadine’s, as Sam was most likely just wanting an excuse to top off a buzz. Sammy was a trip to Nadine because she was a rather smart girl and did quite well in school, but she had this affinity for good pot and the athletic boys who would do it with her. The two of them have enjoyed a tentative friendship since early grade school, mainly because they’re so different as people, but they’ve always liked each other. Nadine was often worried some of Sam’s adventures would spin out of control, but the girl’s managed to remain at the top of her game. Seeing Sam, Nadine tried hiding her situation, but…
“Hey, Lover,” Sam said. “You okay, girl?”
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Nadine said, working to hold it together. “But my father’s going through some bad shit right now and some asshole from the FBI felt he needed to tell me about it in Mr. Baer’s office. You might as well get this from me, since it’s likely to be all over the news and will be for a while.”
“Yeah, hon. What is it?”
Nadine provided a highlighted rundown of what she knew and then said, “But I’ll have to catch you up on the details later. I need to get back to class.”
“I’m sorry about all that, Lover,” Sam said, looking genuinely concerned. “Hey, if you ever need to get away from it all, you should come out and party with us one of these weekends. I promise you that you’d forget all about this shit, at least for a little while.”
Partying with Sam seemed out of the range of possibilities for Nadine. Sammy has this reputation for throwing some wild parties, and even a few orgies, in this vacant apartment her parents have above their garage. Her parents were blissfully ignorant or just didn’t care, so Sam parties freely in this apartment, mostly with a lot of boys, where they smoke, drink and get it on like crazy, occasionally in front of a camera. Although Nadine has not seen the footage, rumor has it there’s a movie rolling around with eight boys and six girls in a crazed free-for-all, with Sam leading the pack. If it wasn’t for the fact of all the illegalities, such as drugs and the age of each one of them, they could likely make some money with copies of this. 
Nadine’s bigger concern was Sam was going to ruin her life if she wasn’t a lot more careful. Nadine was seventeen and certainly felt some temptation, but she had bigger dreams and didn’t need to get into something from which she could not escape. Samara, she suspected, would end up settling for some drunken asshole and four out-of-control kids in a single wide trailer while hiding under a cloud of smoke all day. She hoped she was wrong. She was indeed wrong. 
“I promise you I’ll give it some thought, but I’ve got some heavy shit to haul at the moment,” Nadine said. “Catch you later?”
“Promise me I’ll be your first girl?” Sam said with a wink. 
Nadine did her best alluring smile and said, “Cross my heart.”
But once Sam was out of sight, Nadine’s mind went to issues of greater sobriety. Based on what she knew at the moment, she was confident her mother was aware of much more and likely on the verge of a conniption or a stroke. Regardless, she was sure her mother was freaking out. She probably sat, hugging herself and staring straight ahead, but still freaking out. 
Once she stepped back into class, Mr. Zettervall gave her the you okay? look. He was far and away Nadine’s favorite teacher, not so much for what he did but what he didn’t do, which was often act like a jerk thinking everyone needed him, which seemed to be a standard among several teachers. He taught well and in a manner easy to retain, and he was actually good enough to relay why history was a subject of importance. There was no because I said so mantra with this teacher. 
She smiled and nodded to him, giving the I’m okay gesture, but she knew she wasn’t. She wasn’t okay with very much and gauged she might not be for some time. For just a fraction of the moment, she considered Sam’s invitation and decided she would partake of a certain toy she smuggled into the house. When she got it she was nearly panic-stricken with the concern of the folks finding out, but it’s been easy to keep and hide, and with all it does, she applauded the technology. Nadine’s been a girl focused on the future and has never been with a guy, but she’s seen a few movie clips and assumed what a guy had didn’t do what her gizmo did. 
But she was in class and dismissed the thoughts, knowing that men and boys, if there was really a difference, would be there when she was ready. The thing was that for the time being she didn’t want any more drama, just the occupational therapy and the distraction. But mostly, despite Mr. Zettervall being a big favorite, she just wanted out of class and out of the school. 

Once Jeremy was home from school, he settled down with one of the brand new graphic novels Mom got him, along with the new art kit. He was aware that a lot of people struggled to understand him, but he felt he understood most of them just fine. While he wasn’t entirely sure why he needed to see some of the doctors he did, especially the ones who really didn’t do much more than stare, he overheard the words autism spectrum a lot. Of course he knew he was different than the others in the family and most of the kids in his school, but it got to where he gave it all but so much time and attention. It reached a point where it was repetitive and pointless. 
He took the tests and answered the questions as best he could, but he learned long ago that he just saw things differently. If he was really going to be honest, there was only but so much reason to give attention to people who were elsewhere. He had a perspective indicating he was fine where he was even if they didn’t realize it. 
Perspective did seem to be the key. He recognized some didn’t see the world in the same way he did, but there were some who saw more than others. Such as the artists and writers who make these awesome books; they seem to have a great eye on the world. These graphic novels are done so well and they make it so clear to see things from a clear point of view. In these books, everything is plain and right there, focused and in strong colors that mean what they say. If only the rest of the world was like them. 
He’s tried reading some of the books liked by a lot of other people, but it just wasn’t there for him. It makes so much more sense to see and hear what’s going on through a focused place, just like it is in real life. It was only more confusing when they tried drawing pictures with words when all they had to do was draw the pictures. 
He’s told his parents and a lot of the doctors that he likes the graphic novels because they help him understand how to create the right picture with the right thought or situation, helping him convey what it is he sees in his mind. It makes it easier to understand his world when he draws what he sees in his world, and when what he sees in his world is what he sees in what he drew, he knows he has it right. Like when he comes across a memorable moment in time, whether it is something someone does or says, or something affecting him. But rather than fill the picture with gobs of details like they do on the covers of some books, he only draws what’s important. Just like in the graphic novels, he only draws what’s in the little box because that’s all that’s worthwhile. The momentary perception is the only thing in the picture. 
Jeremy liked that his pictures were similar to the pictures in the graphic novels. They were cool and easy to understand, filled with only the colors and details meaning but so much at the instant. His unique addition to the process was that when he drew what he did, he brought the little box of perception in a lot closer than those who made the books. Jeremy drew what had his attention at that moment, not what went on around it. But, rare was it when anyone saw what he saw in what he drew. Mom, Dad, Nadine or anyone else, when they looked at what he created, he saw they didn’t see what he saw there, which had to be okay. It was likely they only looked at the picture and not in it. Few hardly ever look into a picture, but you have to look in it to see what’s in it. Alas, it just meant these creations were his and all his. 
From his point of view, he could see Mom was clearly upset by something. She wasn’t crying or ranting like she might when something made her very mad, but she had that tell-tale look saying something wasn’t right. No, she had the look saying something was quite wrong and not just her not liking something. There were details in Mom’s expression similar to what they were when Grandma died. There were times when the features in her expressions gave way and then she cried, and Dad would often comfort her then. But sometimes, when those features and expressions were stubborn and would not come loose, it was best to leave her alone. 
Jeremy didn’t want to leave her alone, but he didn’t know what to do. A few winters have gone by since Grandma died and Jeremy knew he’d grown up quite a bit since those days. But he recalled saying something to his mother that resonated with her. What he saw in her reminded him of what he saw then, so saying what he said then might resound with expressed concern again. 
“Mom, I know you’re here.”
But this time, the expression was very different than it was when Grandma died. Then, she looked at him and gave acknowledgment that what he said meant something. But this time, she looked at him as if something really bad was nearby. Some of her expression reminded him of how she may have looked long ago when he might have been too close to the barn door, or perhaps the stove. It was that, or an indication she felt something harmful was around, like she did when Dad used to enjoy hikes in the Adirondacks. It only took the one close encounter with one bear to convince Mom that was a bad idea. The minor difference he perceived this time was it appeared something was wrong with intent. But for Jeremy, it was difficult to fathom that since there wasn’t anyone else around. 
It only became more confusing when Nadine came into the room because she had similar features in her expressions, so she and Mom shared something he could not, and the bewilderment resulting took up a lot of his space. 

“Mom, I thought you should know I was called into Mr. Baer’s office today,” Nadine said. “I had the pleasure of being interrogated by someone from the FBI.”
Erin turned and looked at her. Throughout a portion of the day she expected a firm knock on the door, or perhaps a battering ram knocking it down. She heard what she heard on the television thanks in large part to Sharon Barr, who just happened to be catching up on the news at the time. Sharon called to inform her that she needed to watch the news and then left it at that, likely to inform the remainder of the community what was going on. But once Erin saw what was taking place at the Beckston abattoir plants, she expected company. Company with service revolvers. 
She’s run through her mind what she would most likely say, not that what she would say required a lot of rehearsing. Her responses would be clear-cut and on target, but so far, not required. They haven’t knocked and haven’t even called. Oh, they would before much longer; of that, she was confident. But they took the time to go to the school and talk to Nadine during school hours and had yet to approach the wife of the man of the hour?
It pulled Erin from the dark reverie pervading her and she said, “Tell me everything you remember and don’t leave anything out.”
Even with Nadine laying it out with a second-by-second timeline, there were plenty of unconnected dots with her. There was something significant in all of this she just wasn’t getting.
“Mom, what’s going on? I know Dad hasn’t done anything wrong, but it sounds as if he’s caught up in something really bad.”
Because she did not have an answer to Nadine’s question, she didn’t respond to it. Not only that, but they just weren’t on the same page. Nadine’s over there worried about her father and what the investigators are thinking. But Erin saw considering such trivial matters was redundant because she knew her husband wasn’t involved and that sooner or later the investigation would work that out. What truly mattered involved a completely different cast of characters. What and who mattered most would surely never be on TV or be questioned by the FBI. 
“Nadine, I need to think on this, okay? You just go do whatever it is you need to do and let me work this out before your father gets home.”
It was the overblown, mock exasperation in Nadine’s gasp so typical of teenage girls that pissed her off first. How Nadine didn’t have the depth of character necessary to recognize this was well beyond the issue of innocence knotted the hair on the back of her neck. Nadine’s world was just oh, so simple, and all she had to do in order to maintain that simplicity was keep up that GPA and look pretty. But the genuine horrors of the real world were penciled in on next year’s calendar, and wow was Nadine in for some rude awakenings. 
“You know what, young lady? The last thing I need right now is some self-important attitude and your displeasure. We’re all more than aware that your father is not some sadistic sex slave ring leader; that isn’t even close to the point. The truth is that I have no idea as to what the repercussions of this are going to be, and neither do you. I need some time and silence if I’m going to think this through, so if you want to be of service whatsoever, you might want to take a moment to see how this is going to affect more than just you. Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Erin could almost hear the whispering taking place across the county. The ladies at the tennis club were going at it with verve, constantly watching the door to see if Erin Sealy would walk in, only seeing her absence as an admission of guilt. Each one of those Petri Dish-shallow women at every function were doing exactly that; they were building their cases this very instant and doing more than their fair share in order to bring their juries before the court, prepared to present their version of justice well before the judge finished his first vodka. 
Your Honor, we the people who count find Sheriff Kevin Sealy guilty of the crimes of which he’s accused, and likely plenty of others. That Erin Sealy’s quite guilty, too, Your Honor. We’ve no doubt she’s guiltier than him.
The hatchets would verily fly should she appear beyond the shadows of her home, of that she was sure. Erin avoided the windows because she just knew they were out there within the shadows cloaking the interiors of their cars as they drove by, peering in on her. They were watching and pointing (There! There she is, right there!), waiting for the bodies of South American girls to fall from the roof and trees to pile up in the front yard, or the smell to waft up through the freshly-lain sod of the side field, near the barn of evil. She knew they were confident the tangles of Climbing Nightshade alongside the barn were fertilized with the bodies of discarded girls that became boring and lost their allure when the drugs Kevin Sealy forcefully injected into their smooth thighs left them in a stupor. 
They’d soon be driving by in the night, watching for the ghosts of frantic girls so far away from home, doomed to cry in panic and misery for all of eternity, lingering in the forever despair fetching such a high price from those paying the Sheriff well for the momentary thrill of destroying innocent lives, because there’s nothing more enjoyable in the hearts of the likes of the Sealy family. That is what they’ll vie to see when they pass by the Sealy home, forevermore until death. 
Erin ignored Nadine as she stomped out of the room, which is something she does far too often and gets away with, steaming her as it always does. 
“Sure, Kevin,” she hissed under her breath. “You let her get away with whatever she wants, just as you have your subordinates, more than happy to act so cowardly in your allowance of such immaturity and selfishness. But what will you do now, that your level of cowardice has been exposed on a global scale?”
Her eyes narrowed as she looked to the floor, practically hearing Kevin’s lame excuse of, Come on, Erin. She’s just caught up in the teenage angst we all have to go through. It’s just another phase she’ll soon outgrow.
But then she heard the excuse of, Oh, come on, Erin. Boys will be boys and we all know that if a man earns the money, he should be allowed to buy stolen little girls. Hey, everyone knows they’re sweetest when they’re scared and stoned. Besides, look at all the extra money we get. I like the vacation funds almost as much as the boners I get when their eyes roll back and their teeth chatter after I pull the needle from their smooth, creamy thighs. 
Erin turned and looked out the window to the yard, shaking her head and taking in deep breaths. 
“It isn’t like that and you know it, woman,” she said to her reflection in the glass. 
It wasn’t that way at all, but she couldn’t help but to wonder if that’s what the others thought. Is that what the neighbors are thinking, or the women at the PTA, or those who gathered at Ira’s Used Book Shop & Internet Café? 
“Damn you, Kevin,” she seethed. “Damn you for letting this happen to us.”
Erin felt the urge to rush into Nadine’s room and slap the pompousness out of her. The same pompousness somehow wooing her flaccid father. She also wanted to slap in the sense Nadine would need when she actually grew up and recognized other people’s opinions were the driving force in the world today. Of course these opinions were rarely based on any fact. If they were, the world would not suffer with war, famine, economic hardship, and fucking Human Trafficking. But opinion is perception and perception is reality in the minds of nearly seven billion people, so reality is actuality. 
The only safe place in this world is within the perception one is among the rare class of those above the unwashed masses. Sure, people may sneer at Ivory Towers, but only because they cannot find their way in. The one true horror of these towers, though, is that should one be expelled from their confines, reentry is almost always forbidden without paying severe penalties, should reentry be allowed at all. 
She turned, and after crossing her arms in front of herself, Erin scanned the kitchen without seeing it at all. 
“It seems that I have some work to do,” she told the room populated by none but her. 
She knew her reserved parking space before the entrance of the Ivory Tower hasn’t been painted over yet. She took a deep breath in through the nose, and as she allowed it to pass through her lips she scooped up her car keys and rushed for the front door. She pulled it open and, after looking around to see if the area was clear of any paparazzi hunting for something juicy, found the coast was clear. 
As she pulled the door closed behind her, she momentarily considered informing Nadine she was leaving but decided against it. Erin aimed her keys at the car and pressed the button causing an obnoxious beep, indicating the doors were now unlocked. And then she stopped and placed a firm hand on the cool hood of the car. Feeling torn, she turned and went back in the house. 
Erin recognized quickly that if she was going to do this, it was imperative it was done correctly and efficiently all the way around. Subtle details missed and overlooked led directly to this crisis, so measures demand no more of that without dire consequences. This, it appears, also expects Nadine receive some reassurance. The girl is phenomenal at pushing the right buttons, but she asked for none of this, surely. So she found her way to Nadine’s door and knocked. 
Nadine promptly opened the door and said, “Yeah, Mom.”
It was nice to see the girl was largely absent of attitude, which did make some sense. Erin once had a mother, too, and knew that excusing a parent’s momentary anger or frustration required little effort. 
“I wanted you to know this is the sort of thing I don’t do well with, but I don’t need to be an asshole about it, either, so I apologize. It’s early, but it could easily place us all on edge for a while. Because of that, I need to enact some damage control. If I hide in the shadows rather than rage from them demanding truth and justice, we’re going to look guilty of something. Instead, I think it’s time to-“
Nadine finished the sentenced for her by replying, “Kick it right in the balls?”
“That wasn’t the vernacular coming to mind first, but it would apply.”
“Good. And when you talk to Dad, make sure he does the same thing, too. Mom, when I saw him on TV, he looked stunned and sideswiped but he didn’t look defiant or angry. He needs to be angry and fast, or people will misconstrue its absence for guilt. This is not the time to categorically deny a damn thing; it’s time to bloody a bunch of noses.”
Erin’s confidence in this one perked up quick. She’s always known Nadine’s shown potential for some remarkable things and this serves to solidify the observation. 
“Yes, so now is the time to get this counterattack started. I’ll be back before long, and the sitter will arrive with Gabby and Noni before too much longer. And just keep an ear out for Jeremy, if you would.”
Erin turned to leave, moving swiftly, but took the moment to turn around and say, “Loving you, hon. I’ll be back soon.”
As she got into the car and backed down the driveway, Erin knew that while Nadine’s perspective was somewhat coarse, it was accurate. However, it wasn’t to assume that Erin’s momentary concerns were unsound; she knew what she was getting into and how some minds worked. Erin knew the steps taken by all of them now would be as if on a tight wire, and the space between the two ends would be gusty and ripe with distraction. 

Chapter Six

Kevin had no idea that his wife and daughter were so clued into his reactions about the current events, but he discovered there were plenty of things he knew nothing about. But from here forward, that isn’t going to matter. 
“All right, Larry. That’s enough,” he lashed out, already sick of the attitudes. “I’ve already said I can’t defend my ignorance of this, but it doesn’t take a genius to recognize these guys are familiar with how to hide their actions, even from me. So I will stand by my innocence of these crimes, even though I respect and accept responsibility as Sheriff. But because this is among the most sinister goddamned things I’ve ever seen during my time in law enforcement, I will not allow myself to be included in any guilt. I would and could never show tolerance for any of this, which is why these officers worked to keep it from me. Shit, it puts a foul taste in my mouth to call them officers.”
“The name is Lawrence. You’re right in that you don’t have a snowball’s chance in Hell of defending your ignorance, so you need to consider how this will affect your future, even should your innocence be proven. But don’t think for a second that I’ll accept your claims of innocence at face value, and you know why. All in all, your world just turned into a big pile of shit. If I believed you and knew you like a brother, I’d tell you that I fear for you, because I can’t see how you’re going to come out of this all clean. Perhaps now’s the time to assess some other skills because the pace of this is going to remind you of some of those roller coasters you like so much.”
Kevin was finally able to head towards home well after dark that moonless evening, knowing full well that Larry, a guy he despised without knowing exactly why, was correct. Kevin had nothing to say for himself and knew it, so he couldn’t blame Larry one bit. In fact, if the roles were reversed, it’d be unlikely Larry would be going anywhere, let alone driving home alone. 
But if there was only one cop who knew he was innocent of these crimes, he was that cop. But unfortunately, Larry was correct on another point; he was neck-deep into a world of shit and he’d never be able to get this smell gone. It was infuriating because not only does he look like a complete ass, but he was betrayed by so many people he trusted. Further, he wasn’t just betrayed by some dirty cops committing some simple crime, like taking bribes to hide illegal gambling. No, this was a betrayal of everything civilized and human. 
Kevin knew the term Human Trafficking was just a politically astute phrase for slavery. He also knew today’s slavery is but a small percentage of forced labor, since while there are elements of forced labor in the world today, most slavery revolves around sex slavery. That’s where the money is, in huge piles. But God, it was just so wrong. 
Kevin felt a great pain he knew would be felt by his family. Their future was also on the line, as was the shame associated with these accusations. He knows well that if a man is accused of child molestation, his family is viewed as either being victims or implicated as accessaries. His wife is believed to be either beaten down or a willing accomplice, and that’s it. 
“Damn, but Erin isn’t going to take this well at all,” he said.
From Erin his concerns moved to Nadine. She didn’t know enough about her world to understand all of this, but she was smart. She could use her imagination to fill in the blanks as necessary, which meant she could recognize how such a stigma might affect her future, too. 
Thinking about all of it had Kevin steaming, biting his lip and grinding his teeth. Being alone in the anger didn’t help, either, and he was tempted to call Erin and hear what she had to say. But that’s never been how they do things. Erin’s always left him alone to do his job and she’s never called in to check on him. There have been times when his safety and even his life have been in question, but she’s never called until she’s heard something because she doesn’t want to be distracting in any way, not even on the phone. But this one is a little different. 
Regardless, he let it go. But he knew he’d better prepare some clever speech before he walked through his own front door, or this case could involve a search for a missing head. 

Kevin gave some thought about what he’d say to Erin when he got home, but he didn’t want to sound too prepared and therefore contrived. The last thing he needed now was generating some level of suspicion within his home; that just might be something far too intolerable. As he pulled into the driveway he watched the headlights illuminate the front of the house, also watching to see if anyone was out there waiting for him. He half-expected to find Erin there, fuming and maybe even armed, but there was no one outside. He would either walk into a hopeful family knowing he was stabbed in the back, or he’d enter a gauntlet demanding answers and solutions to problems he was yet to fully understand. Whichever one it is, he promised himself he would remember it as yet another testament to truth he had yet to perceive. 
He got out of the car, closed the door and looked around, realizing that even the air itself felt different, as though some sense of purity had been lost. Just like most people, Kevin was one to remember most firsts in life, some wondrous and some better than others. He remembered his first time was with Monica Mead, and he recalled it was far from her first time, even though she was just over two years older than him. 
He remembered his first car accident, which was really more misadventure than anything else since his pal Marc was goofing off in his mother’s car and dumped it onto its top in a ditch. Kevin also remembered the first time a badge was pinned on him. Somehow, when a new officer has their first badge the moment is memorable for a complex range of reasons, partly because an officer is a member of society who helps maintain that society. That is the future, evolution, and something separating animals from humanity. 
But then, animals largely police themselves. 
He’s known several cops going down largely from their own wrongdoing. When he was little more than a rookie, there was a good cop who was busted for having kiddie-porn on his computer, at a time when computers were still considered rather avant-garde. One cop resigned from the force and left the area because some wayward teen accused him of molestation, although she was arrested more than a few times for an array of charges. She and a couple other girls her age broke into an empty apartment where they were selling favors to numerous boys their age, providing they had the strength and gall to make it through the second-story window, and something for trade. 
She accused him of fondling and propositioning her, despite everyone knowing it was bullshit just by the look on her face. But it quickly grew complicated when a number of her friends came forward with the same charges. It hurt because that’s one bitter cherry one never desires to lose, since once one is accused of such things, such accusations never go away. 
Kevin never thought he’d be accused of the heinous crimes like the ones he was accused of on that day. Another bizarre first for him was seeing the end of his career coming up on him so fast. Like Marc’s car losing control and careening into the ditch, the approach of the end of his law enforcement career was terrifying, and the road he’s on is narrow and lined with deep ditches. 
He took a deep breath and went inside, and for a brief and welcome moment, things seemed so much the same. 
“You made it home, Dad,” Jeremy said with a smile.
If there was one thing Kevin hoped would never change in his world, it was that Jeremy’s place in it never became too complicated. Jeremy’s autistic concerns were complicated enough, meaning he didn’t deserve life’s complexities dumped on him after being so ill-equipped to cope with them. 
“I did just that, buddy,” Kevin said with a smile. “How did your day go today?”
Kevin enjoyed listening to Jeremy’s account of how things went in school, including his telling of how their brief field trip went through the afternoon. 
“We got to tour around the Drakkar Gardens today and learn about the trees and other things, and we saw all kinds of bugs and even a garter snake,” Jeremy said.  “We walked to the gardens from school, learning about different things along the way. Did you know the big plant with all the berries by the barn is called Climbing Nightshade?”
Kevin knew it well, but said, “Is it really?”
Classroom instruction for Jeremy and those in his class were different compared to what other children experienced, largely because most of them were somewhere along the same autism spectrum as he was. They faced numerous challenges most people just didn’t understand, except for perhaps those such as Nina May Rourke. But when he saw Erin enter the room with that expression, he knew there were mysteries better left unexplored. Mysteries such as what went through a pissed-off woman’s head. 
“Hey, pal. Would you go back to the new graphic novels you have while your mother and I talk about a few things? Today’s been a big day.”
After Jeremy stepped out, Erin sat down at the table, sipped a few sips from her glass of wine and then gently set it down before her, after which she gently folded her hands into her lap. She then looked to him and said, “I’d like you to tell me about your day, and then I’ll tell you about mine.”
This pithy code was not a first. This was an all-too-common code for an angry Erin feigning cool composure. Left with no choices, he sat down with a desire to take it in stride.
“Well, my day was certainly memorable. Let’s see; I was accused of being the ring leader of a human trafficking organization smuggling kidnapped Central and South American girls, some younger than ten, across the border and into Canada. The accusation includes being involved in detaining these girls in an abandoned slaughterhouse where they could be conditioned, or broken in, without interruption. Uh, I was also accused of accepting payoffs to look the other way while subordinates, cops, sold these girls for a profit.”
He reached back and pulled a beer from the refrigerator and said while cracking it open, “Then, when I denied all of these charges, I was accused of being everything from an ignorant ass to the most incompetent law enforcement officer that ever wore a badge because all of this shit’s been going on for quite some time, whether I knew about it or not, and how pathetic I was for never having a clue.”
He took a swig from the beer and said, “And how was your day?”
“Well,” she said, nodding but looking unimpressed. That right there was going to be one of the hardest parts of this, and quite unforgettable. He knew better than to expect any sympathy, but he would’ve liked some understanding. If he was dirty, it would be unacceptable for her to accept it or deny it, but she knew he was innocent of these charges, yet faulted him anyway. That was obvious in both her tone and expression, making this moment a turning point in things for him. 
“Let me tell you how my day went,” she said. “Oh, and Nadine’s, too. I caught all of this on the news after Sharon called and said I needed to turn on the TV, so nothing you just told me comes as very surprising.”
She stopped to pick up her wine, which she drained in a series of moderate sips. She then easily placed it down and looked at him. “What really surprises me is that the only other one in the house who was approached about any of this was Nadine, in Mr. Baer’s office. I can only assume they haven’t approached me yet because I would either know nothing or know everything and deny it. But I feel invaded as a mother because an FBI agent interrogated Nadine while her principal looked on.”
Kevin seethed to the news. “I had no idea.”
Erin put up a hand to silence him, clearly having enough of his not knowing. 
“So after Nadine arrived home with this news, I, according to Nadine’s vernacular, went to kick this thing in the balls. But I didn’t get to do that, Kevin. I didn’t get to kick anything. Rather, I had to endure either synthetic sympathy or blatant accusative glances making it clear this town had fiends in its midst and nobody had any idea. So, now that the word’s out, it appears everyone’s already decided how they’re moving forward and they’ll let us know at their convenience.”
“Damn it, Erin. Don’t you dare make this sound as…”
“As if it’s your fault? I know with every confidence that you’re innocent of these charges; of that, there’s no doubt in my mind,” she said while looking at him as though he wasn’t a child, for a change. “I know what sort of man you are and have for a long time. But this mess just became a lot bigger than us the moment it reached the public’s attention.”
She placed her hands on the table and leaned forward slightly and said, “In less than a day, we went from being pinnacles within this community to the monsters of the century. In less than a day, hell; it was more like the time it takes to make a pizza. My primary concern, Kevin, despite any level of blame or who is at fault, is what we’re going to do in order to repair this sort of damage?”
Her eyes narrowed and she said, “And you can get over the fact that I’m pissed off because I went into town to do what I could only to have people I thought I knew glare at me as if I stomped on puppies and ate them while they screamed. The only one listening at all was Sharon, but she made it clear she was uncomfortable with talking to me while others looked on.”
Erin looked towards her hands and Kevin saw her anger fading away, which wasn’t necessarily an improvement. There was the tell-tale sign of her bottom lip quivering before her stern eyes softened and welled, revealing she’s about to cry despite fighting the urge to do so. 
Just when he thought things couldn’t get much worse, she said, “I know you didn’t do this, Kevin, but neither did I. Nadine certainly didn’t do anything to ask for this, and now it’s just a matter of time before Jeremy is caught up in it.”
She sniffed and wiped at her eyes, saying, “I am sorry to put this like this, but this is your mess most of all, not because you did it or earned it but because you’re the man in charge. I don’t know what else to say except that you have to fix this. But if I do say anything else, it is that I cannot imagine how you’ll fix this.”
He felt compelled to yell in his own defense, angry and cornered. But he kept it within him because he knew blowing up would only make things worse. Taking the higher road, he got up from the table and went to her side, where he knelt and said, “I feel the same way, Erin. I’ve thought something just like that about a thousand times today. I can’t make this suddenly go away and be as it was before. But I know that I can stand with confidence and tell the truth with no shame. I cannot defend my ignorance, but I can defend my innocence. I won’t tolerate anything else.”
She took his hand and said, “Dear, I’m afraid you’d just be fighting the tide. The truth is relative and you know that all too well. This, unfortunately, is not taking responsibility and accepting consequences. I am afraid that you’ll have to aim higher than that, Kevin. Don’t you see? The world is not going to let you, us, get away with this level of unawareness, despite any level of innocence. There are a lot of people already making up their minds, and the first sunset just fell on this. Kevin, people need to know we’re more than just not guilty. 
“Nadine is right in that we have to kick this thing in the balls, because if we don’t, it’ll take us down looking like monsters or freaks, or both. You know a man can never shake loose a molestation charge no matter how effectively he proves his innocence. But this is a lot worse than that.”
Erin looked as if she wanted to say something else, but she couldn’t get it past the sobs. The emotional turmoil overcame her and she cried in a way he hadn’t seen in a long time. So, there was another first for Kevin. Never in his career or life had he felt so powerless before. He looked to her knowing there was nothing he could do at this moment to ease her distress, and he wondered if he would ever know a feeling worse than this. 
Oh, yeah. He definitely would. 

While Kevin cannot predict the future, he sure as hell could try to control all he could going forward. He got out of bed just before four, hardly having slept at all anyway, and called the local news channel. He knew their number well enough to dial from even a foggy memory. For various reasons over time, his department needed to maintain a sort of relationship with the media in order to influence key factors on those occasions when the media played a part in the case. Despite being a quiet rural county, there have been several serious crimes, and the perpetrators enjoyed the celebrity status. So Kevin and the media used the influence to delude not the public, but the criminal element within it. 
But this time, there was no delusion to present. Now, he wanted only to be as transparent as possible. 
“Yes, that’s right. I want to hold a press conference as early as possible. And to be quite frank, I’m quite curious as to why I haven’t seen the media more curious about my position in these matters,” he said. “One would think someone might assume I would have something to say.”
“Sheriff, there are hoards of reporters on their way to your office, waiting for something to pounce on.”
Oh, I suppose that makes some sense. He had it in his head, at this hour, that there would be reporters hiding within the Climbing Nightshade just outside, but then, he was known well enough to assume he wouldn’t run for the border in the dark of the night. Besides, if he did something like that it would only spice up the story. Not that this one needed much more spicing up. A good chunk of the local law enforcement is caught up in an international scandal of this proportion? Most of these reporters are used to revealing insurance fraud, dirty mops in restaurants and teenage sexting. 
“Okay, tell them to be at the ready when I arrive, as I intend to be there early with plenty to say. There won’t be any no comment from me. I’ll answer all questions the best I can and communicate that local law enforcement is not just comprised of a bunch of criminals. I’ll provide all the information I can providing they understand that I only have but so much.”
Kevin got into the shower with the intent of being as effective as possible. He’s been blindsided like he’s never seen before, and so his guard is up, but he’s also smart enough to know anyone can get caught up in something beyond their control. As he prepared a palm-full of shampoo, he acknowledged good people lose their livelihoods, witness their family die or their child abducted, or get swept away by a flash flood because they don’t have the strength to hold on to the car’s bumper in those frigid temperatures. Sometimes, there is not a happy ending just because one isn’t bad. 
But all of those good people do what they can to hang on up to the very end. Bad things can and will happen, but the continual struggle to survive clearly has won out in the end. As he lathered up, he also recognized he’s clutching his cruiser’s bumper while the icy, rushing waters and the flotsam within it seek to force him into the misty chasm below. Even while he stood under the hot shower, he felt sore, cold and bloodied, and very much alone. 
Well, not entirely alone. He can hear Erin and the kids screaming from inside the car. He can hear them screaming for help and telling him to hang on because they know he’s barely hanging on to the bumper hanging over the edge. The dichotomous angst ran on the fact that he was out there trying to save his family, yet his weight was placing the car in jeopardy of plummeting into the mist as he clung on for his own life. What made it worse was the cruiser was pushed off the road by other cruisers. He rinsed down and got out of the shower. 
Kevin made sure he looked his best before left for the day. He shaved and put on one of his best uniforms, and even double-checked the quality of his haircut. He knew he’d walk the gauntlet with egg on his face, but he’d do so while standing tall, looking like the man who earned his way into the Sheriff’s office in Sweeney County. 
Stepping into the kitchen found him meeting Nadine, who was among the first to taste the collateral damage from his side of the fence. While she didn’t appear downtrodden or solemn, she appeared distracted. 
“Good morning there, young lady,” he said. 
“Morning, Dad,” she said. “How do you think your day’s going to go?”
“I think it’s going to blow,” he said, employing such vernacular in order to narrow the generational gap. “And it’ll likely suck, but I’ll work on making it suck less. Confucius said something like that, right?”
“It might have been Sun Tzu. You know they questioned me big time yesterday, right?”
“You mother told me about it, and I intend on knocking the taste out of someone’s mouth for it,” he said. “Could you give me a review?”
He tried listening more like a cop than a father, but the Dad in him felt the sting more. But he also recognized he needed to move like a cop rather than an angry parent, so knowing their angle through Nadine was pertinent information. But it broiled him to hear they tried breaking her down just as much as they sought information. They easily recognized someone her age would break easily with the right leverage, so they worked for the information she had, and did not have. That would be important in order to determine if this was some sort of family affair. But it queued in his curiosity regarding Erin’s absence from questioning. 
“I’m sorry they did that, Nadine, but the cop in me gets it to a point. Regardless, the way they did it wasn’t fair.”
Unfairness also reminded him of Erin. He hoped that events of the day would help take some of the sting out of her situation, but there was only so much with which to run. And he did empathize with her concerns more than she recognized. While he’s never been a pretentious man, he knows enough to know how the social structure works. Hell, any law enforcement officer knows it. Like it or not, some people are separated by authority, some by intellect, some by economy, and some by social structure. Those who aren’t in charge often have to think a little faster, but what can’t always be solved with wit can be insulated with culture. 
There were plenty of people confiding in this, although the highfalutin clucking hens can be pernicious in their judgment. Any faux pas is adopted into historical record and forgiven only based on how many each of them collected. 
But at the end of the day, Kevin knew people are people and people do things other people dislike, making him wonder why these pinkie-protruding tea sippers see something so abominable when someone does something they all do, just more severe in degree. Distancing themselves from all things immoral and unscrupulous makes sense, but they continually raise this intangible bar so high that virtually none of them succeed in never bumping it. There isn’t one of them who likes bumping it, although Erin is among those who think the bump ought to be measured on some sort of Richter scale. 
When she entered the kitchen, Erin appeared ready for the day, although her furrowed brow exhibited a level of concern. 
He hoped to brighten her spirits by saying, “I plan on kicking some balls today.”
“Do you now,” she said. “What are the details of your nefarious scheme?”
“Well, they only revolve around being open and honest for the time being,” he admitted. “There’s a gauntlet of bloodthirsty reporters circling around the office right now, so I’m really considering the chum I’ll throw into those waters. But until something makes me change my method, I’m going to pursue this in a manner similar to any other unsolved case. Other than the fact that I’m personally tangled up in this, I can’t help but to see it as just another thing to be brought to justice.”
He must have said something right, because he thought he spied a hint of a smile. Sure, it could’ve simply been a hint of surrender, but he doubted that. The shock of being hit so suddenly might be wearing off, and it’s time to counterattack. But still, he knew he was far from away from Erin’s pressure. He was still dangling from the bumper over raging waters, and he knows that if she gets so much as a hint that his weight is threatening to take them all down, she’ll come out over the car just far enough to reach down to him and drop a flare into his shirt. 



Chapter Seven

Kevin had to wonder from how far away all of these reporters hailed, but he was pretty sure there weren’t that many in this quiet county. As soon as the office came into sight right after he passed the Come & Get It, where you can buy four taquitos and an 88 ounce soft drink (and a coronary) for $3.99, he spotted news vans, microphone booms, cameras of all sizes, and a horde of reporters ready to slurp some blood. 
He parked his car where he always does, mainly because his name is stenciled on the space, but as soon as he did, the reporters flooded around the car as if it was the only lifeboat floating in these freezing waters with any room left in it. He opened his door to a gale of questions and not understanding a single one of them. As they washed over him, he slightly lowered his chin and raised a silencing hand, determined to see that if this was being done, it was being done right. 
“Everyone, rest assured that I desire to answer all of your questions, but if we’re doing this, let’s do it with some order,” he said. 
Looking through the bobbling swarm, he noticed a familiar face belonging to Judy Kidde. Kevin has enjoyed some unique rapport with Kidde, with each of them playing their part during rather memorable times. He recalled well her breakout moment when he coped with a visitor named Peter Volans. It was a moment that made a difference in both their lives since she reported something so unbelievable and he coped with someone seemingly breaking only the laws of nature. Kevin also recalled seeing her among the first arriving at the abattoir plants, all of which justified his decision to turn to her first. He also hoped for a kindred spirit who would set a tone for the others to follow. 
“Judy, I think you’ve seen this virtually from the start of when it was exposed,” he said. “Please go ahead.”
“Sheriff, the greatest effect this story has locally revolves around allegations of your involvement, which we are aware you deny. From there it goes to how these crimes could reach such a level without your knowledge,” she said. “How do you respond?”
“I know that’s the spectacle of all of this, and I hope it doesn’t overshadow the human element of the crimes suffered by so many innocent victims. With that said, I’d be the first to admit it seems implausible this would occur without my knowledge, and particularly to this extent. But it would have been far more implausible if this was perpetrated by all of you rather than the officers accused, and that’s because you wouldn’t be able to cover your tracks as well. Here, we have fewer officers looking for the crime because they were a part of the crime, and knew how to cover their tracks. They knew better than anyone else how to cloak this effectively, and keep it from me. Look, if cops say there’s no wrongdoing, then there’s no wrongdoing to look for, even if they’re the ones doing wrong. Thus, they betrayed the trust of all of us.”
A reporter he didn’t recognize asked, “Sheriff, you claim you had no knowledge of what’s taken place, but doesn’t that still require verification to the satisfaction of the law? Then, even if your claims are proven accurate, isn’t your position still in severe jeopardy, in large part because of your position of authority?”
“I cannot deny or minimize that all of this occurred on my watch,” Sheriff Sealy said. “What bothers me most is that this is among the most evil crimes humanity can commit against its own kind, then to take place at the hands by those trusted most. We all trust our law enforcement officers to do the right thing and set a higher standard, and these officers knew betraying that trust would be easy to do. They hid their crimes behind their badges and their inhumanity behind their uniforms. It pains me deeply that they caused so much pain and misery right here in our community, and it appalls me they used a meat processing plant to commit their crimes. But I am deeply shamed that I didn’t know. So, to answer your question, this will almost surely be a turning point in my law enforcement career.”
Kevin answered several more questions from as many reporters, many of which he’s never seen before. But what brought his patience to the brim was that none of them asked the question he too wanted answered. The question is how the law enforcement for the region will cope now that so many officers were taken into custody. He was confident the state governor’s office would procure officers from around the county in order to fill in the gaps, but it bothered him that none of these reporters had the vision to ponder the question. 
There was yet another question he had and would like to know the answer, although this question was one he wouldn’t have expected from the chum chompers. 
Who actually made the bust and how did they know when and how to do it?
Another question needing a pressing answer was, how much more involvement would he be allowed, either in this case or simple day-to-day activities?
“Now, if you’ll excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, I have a lot to do in order to see justice is satisfied for all involved,” Sheriff Sealy said as he pushed through for the solace of his office. “But rest assured that I will ensure there is as much transparency as possible regarding this case for as long as I am allowed.”
It was a struggle to work through the muck of reporters pelting him with questions largely already answered, many of which were likely asked just so their bosses were placated. But for now this was very little about them and more about a tangled case, so it was comforting to make it inside and leave their gaping maws hushed by the tempered glass of the front doors. But this momentary sense of comfort was eviscerated by a face Kevin was sure he would soon despise. 
“Good morning, Larry. So, what are we doing today?”

Erin watched closely, processing the responses Kevin provided in reply to the media’s incessant questioning. Since his story was afforded top billing for the day, she knew she’d have several opportunities to listen in well into the afternoon. While she wouldn’t find complete satisfaction with the way he handled this public interrogation, she had to admit she wouldn’t have had anything better to offer, even with her not suffering the pressure of the moment while on camera. He did okay given his circumstances, and she felt her answers would fall in suit should she be forced to provide any. 
Nadine and Jeremy were on the buses, pursuing their day. Erin had a fleeting thought regarding what Nadine might endure during the day, not just officially but socially, and she was sure the day would be rough. Jeremy, on the other hand, would likely be excluded from so much pressure, but she couldn’t be sure of it. 
The little ones, Noni and Gabby, were content with their blocks, stuffed toys, and the Teletubbies on video. Despite rarely appearing on TV these days, the Sealy parents liked the Teletubbies and obtained numerous videos for the viewing pleasure of the tots. After all, life should be so uncomplicated, although it never is. Life is actually far worse and insidious despite nobody knowing why. Thus, because of the current events, Erin searched the internet for detailed information about the disgusting subject of Human Trafficking. 
It was disconcerting to readily find such a plethora of information about a subject she quickly felt shamed for knowing so little about. It was quite shocking that within the first hour she learned more about the ugly reality of her world and how much of it was affected by this insidious crime. She quickly discovered millions upon millions of people were victimized globally, and enormous sums of money were made by those perpetrating the crime, easily and openly. 
An added ingredient of disgust was that the crime wasn’t fed by the monsters perpetrating it, but by so many Average Joes around the world who kept it fat and happy. Erin already knew so many young women around the world were lured into prostitution through promises of a better life some sunny day, but she didn’t know how violent, prolific and profitable it was for those in control, and she didn’t know it involved so many children. She was shocked to discover slavery was more prolific, profitable and secure in present times than ever before in human history. 
She felt prompted to think of her own children and how far they were from any genuine security from this sickening industry, and she particularly felt concerned for Nadine. Yet, she was repulsed by how promising Noni and Gabby were in this lurid trade. Worse yet was that she didn’t know before, yet there it was all over the internet, discovered with but a few key strokes, in everyone’s face with an arrogant dare for anyone to think they could do something about it. 
Erin felt anguish for making it sound as though Kevin had a part in the crime, even with her knowing his part was unwitting. The fact is that a significant percentage of the world unintentionally gets involved and yet strengthens the crime, every single day. Seeing enough for the time, she picked up the phone and dialed. 
“Good morning, Marjorie.”
“Uh, good morning, Erin. Hey, I’m so sorry to hear what’s been going on. If there’s anything I can to help you and the kids, you just say it, because…”
“Marjorie, there’s far more than you and I could do along with a handful of others than we could discuss in one sitting. Beyond that, Marjorie, you and I along with several others are going to pursue the things we decide upon, and we’re going to begin this promptly. As you know, I’ve found myself in a predicament requiring a lot of help. What I’ve also found is there are a lot of us in a similar predicament without being aware of it, including you.”
After a quiet moment, Marjorie replied, “Really, now. How is that so?”
“If we cannot come together to contend the issues plaguing our community, I am certain the issues of social and legal divergence revolving around this will affect more than we can quickly imagine. The swarming effects of human trafficking are presently dramatic, but subtler problems and indiscretions have been with us for some time. I fear this could coalesce into a crisis sweeping throughout our community, particularly if it is not courageously confronted. One thing discloses another and before you know it, community members start vilifying one another, exposing even minor indelicacies as tragic.”
Erin allowed a moment’s pause before saying, “So, before such an unfortunate breakdown occurs, would you be so kind as to meet me and some others at Liam’s for lunch and serious discussion? Oh, and please consider inviting those we know who might benefit from maintaining an assembled sense of decorum rather than succumb to the momentum of ill-informed condemnations and character assaults. I will be sure to do the same, but kindly call who you can. I believe today at noon would be splendid, don’t you think?”
Judging by Marjorie’s hesitant yet compliant tone, she took the hint. 
“You’re a dear, Marjorie, and I look forward to lunch this afternoon. I’ll be calling on a few other ladies and I’d appreciate you doing the same, since we all know the best way to solve a problem is solve it before it becomes a catastrophe.”
After several more loquacious yet cautionary predictions as well as more information gained, Erin started feeling so much better. She as well as plenty of others knew she was aware of more than enough dirty laundry most would rather see swept away, so it needed to be made clear that community cohesion prevents allegations quickly becoming McCarthyistic indictments leading to widespread distrust. In short, Erin knew enough to crunch the socialite façade and could wreak havoc rather than be trounced alone. So, when requests for assistance became verbose inquiries, she knew the effort would gain attention. It might be a heavy-handed trump, but it was better to take the high roads before they were washed out. 
Kevin was out there on a thin limb, placing himself in a spotlight few would dare encounter. If he can take center stage and endure the scrutiny, then so can she. He’s walking a beat cops are expected to walk, but her path is somewhat more refined, if not any less precarious. A junkyard dog is different from a lapdog by only a few degrees, particularly since both find allure in fresh blood and easy prey. 
Erin knows her beat to walk quite well and she plans on traversing it confidently, long before it turns on her…because it would. The culturally elite continually maintain a herd kept thin by an ever more challenging set of standards. While that’s fine to a point, double standards are really not standards at all. 
So, this is her way of kicking it in the balls. Thus, those within her social environment should want to make that kick with her or risk getting kicked, because if there’s one constant truth in Erin Sealy’s personal situation, it is she will never, ever go down alone. 

After a delightful lunch at Liam’s, widely considered the best Chinese restaurant around, with exquisite Curry Chicken and the finest Hot & Sour Soup in North America, Erin requested the attention of those in attendance, which turned out to be a group larger than she expected, and she was pleasantly surprised. 
“Among numerous issues, what I really desired to convey is that not only is my husband brutally ill-informed of how widespread this crime has become, we all are, and we’re suffering for it, and in danger.”
Erin spoke with conviction, educating those in attendance on issues of which most of them knew next to nothing. Some of them somehow had no idea such things went on in the world, let alone Upstate New York. Not only did she lecture, but she was armed with a plethora of data, including statistics, numbers, dollar figures and body counts. She disseminated websites, numbers and addresses, and freely provided suggestions everyone could use to verify her claims. Erin told how the crime of Human Trafficking is spreading like a scourge and has made its way to their community. 
“This crime thrives on ignorance, intimidation, fear, secrecy, and greed, but can falter to just about any direct confrontation. One of the biggest reasons the crime is so widespread and influential is because it’s so dirty that nobody wants to touch it. But now we see how easy it is to get smeared with it, regardless of any innocence largely because it preys on innocence. My entire family has now been affected by this, but as you know we will not hide because of it; that is exactly one of the reactions feeding this monster.”
Erin looked to everyone in there and said, “I am seeking those who will assist me in fighting the good fight rather than retreat, because this thing only attacks the retreaters. But it will retreat if fought. Just like my husband, I want to protect the community I know and love, but I can’t do it alone.”
She gave a moment’s pause and then said, “There have already been instances of some people distancing themselves from this, but I will not stand for being treated like a Leper because the cowardly and perverse of the world chose to drag innocent victims through our sewers without my husband’s knowledge. My quest for help and understanding is here to strengthen our community’s resolve rather than allow any further breakdown. Success or failure, victory or downfall depends only on courage, conviction, and integrity, or their absence. This is simply a matter of rising together or falling apart.”
She looked around, seeing she would rather motivate people into helping her rather than shaming them into doing so, but would if that’s what it took. One way or another, everyone needed to know they either depended on one another or suspected one another, because rest assured she would not let it go down any other way. 
After all, if there was one truth she faced, albeit quietly, it was how desperate she was to make this work. 

Sheriff Kevin Sealy had no idea how things were going for his wife down at Liam’s; that was because he had plenty on his own plate. 
“Look,” Agent Lawrence Stevenson said, “we both know one of the reasons you have not been incarcerated is because you have yet to be charged with criminal negligence, at the least. But you could still face such charges, not necessarily because of your participation in any of these crimes but your failure in coping with them as Sheriff. And just so you know, that isn’t coming down from any of my superiors, but yours. Hey, this isn’t just getting on you, you know.”
The more he heard, the more Kevin realized this might be his last day at work, at least for a while. His paid suspension and administrative leave was likely being processed in Albany; of that, he had very little doubt. Word already had it that the Governor’s office planned to announce it among other things regarding the case, because all of this happened on his watch, too. 
What stung wasn’t being lectured by a punk like Larry, but being denied the opportunity to pursue this by those who could allow him to do it. However, his was in many ways a political position as well as a law enforcement one, and the political aspects of the case ran deep, as this was no longer a county or even a state issue. He missed his chance to save the day. 
“I get the point, Larry, but what good does it do to shut me out? Hasn’t Sweeney County lost enough personnel without tossing me down the stairs, too?”
“What I don’t get,” Larry said, “is how you think you can be an element of this investigation when you’re a part of it? I think you’re just in denial, because even if you’re innocent of any charges, that must be determined. All you can do now is remain available but otherwise stay the hell out of the way.”
In that, Kevin realized his work day was over, but how much worse things would get was also to be determined. 

Chapter Eight

Although Nadine had no idea how her parents were coping with the current events, she knew she could have it a lot better. 
Since everything going on with her father and the case was the top story and certainly the talk of the town, it was the talk around the school, too, but with a difference. Within the world in general, most of the dialogue was among adults carrying on serious discussions and debates, with the basis of the talk being what was provided by the media. Further, the debates revolved around the issues known, including some basic knowledge and understanding of the crimes. But within the confines of the high school there was a considerable lack of genuine knowledge, and even lesser content of couth. The filters between teenage imaginations and mouths were disabled throughout most of the student body, demonstrated by a lot of comments and questions. 
“Hey, did your Dad have a lot of girls locked up in your cellar?”
“I hear your folks get a pretty good cut from the profits out of what goes on in those old slaughterhouses. Is that how you guys afford the Florida vacations every year?”
This line of questioning only got worse as the day went on. 
For whatever reason, the scant few friends Nadine did have who didn’t kick her to the curb only made things worse by keeping the spotlight focused on her. She shuddered to think how awful it might be if she wasn’t among the school’s more popular students. If she didn’t have the favor of the school’s popularity culture, she’d likely be tortured incessantly. 
Everything going on reminded her of a sordid situation once endured by a student named Sadie Gras; a fifteen year old student who was abducted two years prior by a gang of monsters from Plattsburgh. They grabbed her off the street and kept her in an abandoned house outside of town, where they repeatedly raped her over a span of more than two weeks. The story went that they didn’t severely beat her, but never allowed her to eat during the time she was held, although they allowed her some water to drink once a day. Through some carelessness on their part, she managed to escape and seek help. 
During their trial, they stated they didn’t beat her because they didn’t want her to die on them. Their ultimate goal, which was something two of them laughed about in court, was to see her reduced from the innocent beauty she was to the monsters they were, so beating her would only spoil the fun of seeing her break down a little at a time. They repeatedly raped Sadie and forced drugs into her until she lost a horrible amount of weight she really couldn’t afford to lose to begin with, as she was so petite. 
A week before Sadie managed to escape, they brutally shaved her head (quite brutally, leaving horrible scars) and spray painted her entire body with green automotive lacquer, thinking this only added to the emotional damage they sought. In their testimony, they said they never wanted her to die, because she didn’t deserve the easy out. 
It was several weeks before Sadie was well enough to go back to school, but by then everyone knew the story. The cruelty that soon started after she returned to school was almost unimaginable. She didn’t resemble anything of what she looked like before the tragedy, and the meaner kids in the school made sure she never forgot it. 
Because Sadie was the smart beauty she was, if she had attended the school longer than she had, things might have been different, as her place in the school’s hierarchy would have been higher. But by the time she was taken, she and her family had recently moved to the area from California, so she knew almost nobody. She endured taunting and torment, constantly asked what it was like to be in an orgy, when does the movie come out, and a host of other vicious things. Even worse was the vulgar treatment only got worse with each passing day. 
Tragically, Sadie didn’t survive the ordeal. After an awful taunting during one lunch period, Sadie found her way to the roof of the three-story school and jumped, landing head-first through the windshield of Mr. Harker’s new car. Mr. Harker, a science and biology teacher who taught within the county for more than fifteen years, openly blasted the students responsible for attacking Sadie and blatantly told them they were guilty of murder and that their souls would burn in Hell. He was fired, of course, but the lessons he taught in his rants were more effective than any he ever taught in the classroom. Several of the kids responsible eventually required counseling and a few needed medications. 
At that time, the entire debacle was among the worst of human tragedies to occur in the county in decades, until the horrors of the Beckston abattoir plants trumped it. What made it worse for Nadine was her name was associated with the winning tragedy within the mind of everyone at the school. 
What Sadie suffered was wholly unnecessary, including the fact that nothing was done about it. The kids of the time tortured an innocent victim for no good reason, driving her to suicide. Now, several kids of the day are taunting Nadine during a very difficult time and there are those who won’t have it. Several teachers pulled aside numerous students and grilled them through clenched teeth, making it quite clear that this town has endured enough senseless cruelty, thank you so much. Word spread fast that slander and harassment charges will occur if the shit doesn’t stop. But there were those who didn’t get the word from the faculty, but from Nadine’s friends. 
“I just wish they’d all leave me alone,” Nadine said. 
But there would be one of her defenders, yelling at one of those picking, saying, “Damn you for being so mean. You know this whole thing is bullshit and that her father didn’t do that, so why do you have to be such an asshole? Oh, I know. Your father is one of those who helped them out and you’re covering his tracks. Now we know what you got on your eighteenth birthday, Josh. Did you burn it with your wood burning kit like you used to do with the neighborhood cats?”
There were several close calls like this only aggravating the problem. Eventually, Nadine felt forced to flee from everyone, seeking solitude. But solitude she did not find. Rather, Nadine found odd comfort and companionship in someone she would have assumed to be the most irritating of all. 
“Lover, I’m so sorry that you’re going through this bullshit,” Sam said. “Everyone knows deep down that your father isn’t a part of this.”
Samara Rivers got Nadine to smile and actually feel a little better. She didn’t try coming from some artificial experience or try convincing her it could be worse. Sam simply hugged her and admitted she didn’t know what else to do or say.
But she did say, “My parents were talking about this last night, saying they wished they knew what could be done on behalf of your dad. They voted for him just like nearly everyone else and they think this is just the media chomping on chum in the water. As for me, like I said, I don’t know what to do, but in me you have a friend.”
That earned Sam a sincere hug from Nadine, who smiled and said, “Thank you for that, Sam. You know, I don’t know what to think about all this craziness. You know, it’s shit like this that teaches you how much you don’t hear about in the classroom.”
“You got that right,” Sam said as they walked. “My parents talked with me about a few things last night regarding some of this subject. They tried telling me that sex is one of life’s greatest pleasures, as if I wasn’t aware, but there are so many people in the world who betray what it should be. When it’s shared, it can be wonderful, but too many people use it like a weapon, or for predatory means. Dad said that rapists steal it, and molesters defile it with their sick selfishness. But, he said, human traffickers turn it into a horror, and do so only for profit. He thinks it is humanity’s worst human crime because humanity uses humanity against humanity just for money. He must have meant it because he usually doesn’t go on with that much thought on anything.”
Sam placed a hand on Nadine’s shoulder and said, “My parents didn’t know you and I knew each other, but they asked I reach out to you and let you know there are people in your family’s corner. They didn’t need to tell me any of that, but I’m glad they did so.”
Nadine shed a tear to the sound of that, particularly after all the harshness of the day. She’d long been fond of Sam, mainly because the girl was one who knew how to have some fun and always seemed harmless. But this was the first time she’d ever seen anything from Sam that wasn’t blatantly earthy.
“I really appreciate that, Sam, and let your parents know I think so.”
“I sure will, but not just them. I have plenty of friends, some who I know best when they’re naked and high, but I intentionally avoid people who are selfish and cold. I know you know I have a reputation for some hearty parties, but no leery creeps are allowed. We do a lot of things, but don’t judge. What that means is I like surrounding myself with people who are open with their feelings and see what’s good there.”
Sam smiled and said, “The point is that I know good people, and I’ll let them know you deserve better than what you saw today. But keep in mind that this shit’s new, so maybe it’ll ease some with time.”
Nadine was impressed, wondering how long she’s known Sam without knowing this better side of her. 
“Thanks, Sam. You’re far more wonderful than I ever realized and I feel bad for not giving you the credit you deserve.”
“What, you thought I was just a party girl?”
“Guilty.”
“That isn’t on you, Lover. It’s my fault and I’m good with it. In fact, I work to keep such a picture in the hearts and minds of a lot of people. Partly because when I do choose to show a better side of myself, people seem all the happier for it. But hey, when you need to take your mind off from all this and just feel so much better, you just let Sam know.”
Sam looked at her watch and said, “I got to go do this class thing, baby.” Then she leaned in and kissed Nadine on the neck and said, “See you later, Lover,” and was moving on. 
More than Sam’s caring, that caught her off guard. Not that it should have been unexpected (not from Samara Rivers) but because it was more pleasant and alluring than Nadine would have imagined. She was blushing and a little embarrassed for it, but she stepped into the cafeteria for some lunch, hoping to focus on everyday things. But she appreciated that since she left Mr. Baer’s office the day before, she had something else on her mind than just the news. 

Jeremy’s day was going quite different compared to Nadine’s situation. There wasn’t a single student in any class who gave a moment’s thought to what was going on. But there was no surprise there, what with every student within Jeremy’s peer group was one with some range of disability, from somewhere along the autism spectrum to issues with Down’s Syndrome, as well as other afflictions. So, while Jeremy received no concerns from his classmates, some of the school’s faculty had to be a little different. 
Jeremy didn’t understand or appreciate the continual line of questioning. Before these questions, he’s never had a problem with questions he didn’t understand because if he didn’t know the answer, he would just say so. But these questions his teacher and a lot of the other adults at the school ask are hard questions, and they keep asking them. 
No, there were never any strange girls or women brought to their house. No, his father has never done wrong things or hurt anyone. No, his father has never touched him in a wrong way, and nobody else has, either. No, he’s never heard strange screaming coming from the basement. 
The questions kept coming until they made him angry and then cry. After they made him so angry, they relented and let him be, and by the time the day had passed and it was time to get on the bus, Jeremy nearly had forgotten almost all about it. But it all came back with but one more question from Mrs. Schmidt, his teacher.
“Remember what I said before, Jeremy. If there’s anything you want to tell me about the things going on at home, or you want someone to know about something really bad, you can always talk to me, okay?”
The question itself would not have been a big deal, but after the line of questions from earlier, this brought a lot of the discomfort back. Jeremy didn’t want to do anything but get on the bus, so rather than get angry, he hung his head and said, “I’ll try to remember, Mrs. Schmidt.”
Jeremy got on the bus and found his seat, but he didn’t look out the window even once during the ride home. It was hard to be in the now when his mind was racing with so many concerns about the school’s concern regarding what his father is or is not. Jeremy just looked to his fiddling hands and wrung them, sure that the concerns of those at school were wrong. 
He didn’t expect everyone to know what sort of dad his father was, but he knew they knew who he was from TV and such. They’ve seen him on TV and they even voted so he could be the sheriff. So why the sudden concern that he’s a monster who hurts others? Jeremy thought over and over about a lot of things, even when they went to Disney World, and he could not recall anything making him think his Dad was anything but the best Dad ever. 
Jeremy was lost in thought enough to lose track of the ride, and when it was time for him to get off the bus, Little Kimmy, the chubby girl living with Down’s syndrome, had to nudge him.
“You still live here, right Jeremy?”
He got off the bus where he lived, but he still felt very uncomfortable and exposed. He hoped Mom and Nadine would know why everyone at his school is so worried about him and why he should be afraid of the things his Dad does. 

Erin drove to the daycare feeling strong and confident. When she picked up the little ones from the daycare, she felt so much better about her situation than she did when she dropped them off that morning. When her day started that morning, she knew how she handled her day would make all the difference in how the day ended, and how the following days would go from that point forward. 
And this day was handled marvelously, if I do say so myself, she thought with a smile. 
She turned the awkward silences many wanted to exhibit into impassioned solidarity for the Sealy family crisis, with all the ladies vowing to stand by their sheriff. Best of all, they all vowed to educate themselves and the community on the ugly subject of Human Trafficking and help spread the word to all those who would benefit from the information. 
Erin quickly recognized this was one of those what you don’t know CAN hurt you scenarios, so she felt empowered during the drive home. She thought she saw certain signs she’d never seen before. She also saw safer children preoccupied with the passing world when she looked into the rearview mirror at Gabby and Noni. This drive home felt much safer than the drive from it, and her self-consciousness was sharp. In fact, she felt empowered in part because she recognized her family was victimized by these crimes, too, and they were fighting back together. Kevin was fighting, but she was, too. 
Erin discovered the crime exists the way it does around the globe as prolifically as it does for the same reasons it did here in Sweeney County; there were those in influential positions keeping it alive while those who were potential opposition, or potential victims, were kept blissfully ignorant. The perpetrators of this heinous crime work together to keep the influence from those who can battle them and that is just what they did in Beckston, but for only so long. 
The sun shined on the vampiric ways of the dark enemies as it did on their beautiful home. This she noticed as she pulled into the driveway and found the image of the property stunning as the bright sun cast dazzling shadows on the artwork before her, at the end of the long driveway. 
This driveway was nearly a hundred yards long, which made it a beast during the heavy snow season, but it provided viewers from the road a full scene to take in as they looked upon the country cottage feel of the home, with its classic Upstate New York architecture. The small yet stereotypical barn completed the scene, although the barn was merely a sort of shed for the Sealy family, and a workspace for Kevin. Their yard was broad and lush, showered with a generous amount of colorful fauna. 
Despite some displeased glances from some passersby, Erin favored the colors of the dandelions as they sprayed their yellow over the green. She also enjoyed the large, majestic maple trees because their leaves were large and easy to rake, and so beautiful before they fell. She also found great affinity in the weeping willows as they lent great personality to the scene, particularly within the summer breezes. Seeing these aging leaves under the sun’s bright scrutiny revealed the trees were considering their version of fanned tail feathers with their seasonal display. However, the summer wasn’t quite done yet, revealed by the sumptuous colors of the lilacs and their fragrant allure. As she slowly idled up the driveway, the pleasant winds brought her this fragrance, and she breathed it in with a smile. 
The lilacs were Erin’s favorites, as made evident with how much of them were around. She adored these large plants and their beautiful colors (purple was her favorite color), but their leading purpose was the rich fragrance. The attractive bouquet filled the air, providing a sensory enticement and completeness to the overall scene; making it clear no picture or image can accurately convey the true beauty. 
The idea to dot the landscape with lilacs came to Erin during a visit to her sister, who lives in Frostproof, Florida. Carol and her husband David lived in a quaint home surrounded by orange groves, and when the orange blossoms were in bloom, the pretty, amiable scent was rich enough to be just shy of being too much. The grand idea of filling the air with fragrance inspired Erin to find something fitting to her latitude of choice, and the lilacs were the perfect discovery. 
While Erin wasn’t a fan of the harshness of the northern winters, she was pleased by the dynamics of the temperate seasons as opposed to the stagnant, ugly scrub of Florida. While most only see the landscaping created for the tourists, she knew natural Florida was as unappealing as western Texas. 
As she parked, she viewed the elongating shadows as highlighting the panorama, vivifying the lived-in appearance with a combination of maintenance and then liberal allowances, such as the grapes clamoring up one side of the house and all the Climbing Nightshade taking over an entire side of the barn. Looking at that had her realizing she would soon again need to play referee when Gabby and Noni are old enough to play outside, since children are somehow drawn to what can kill them the quickest, and those bright red berries on the Climbing Nightshade can wreak havoc on a little belly. 
Erin was just about to honk the horn; it was a call to Nadine to come and help with the little ones. But Nadine stepped outside just before she placed pressure on the horn, indicating Nadine must have seen her coming. That was odd, since about this particular time was when she’d be surrounded by the sounds of the boy band of the month. While Kevin rolled his eyes to such things, Erin welcomed it with a smile as it reminded her when she listened to Leif Garrett (who didn’t age well, and she was sure the bandana was for hiding a bad hairline) and the Bay City Rollers (which would not be admitted to without thumbscrews), and even Shawn Cassidy, who was one she was happy to see achieved great success in life. 
Nadine’s expression as she approached made Erin forget about her prior Teen Beat subscription because she was confident that expression wasn’t caused by the Jonas Brothers. Her expression went from serenity to concern when Nadine’s tears started flowing the moment they both made eye contact. She got out of the car to Nadine rushing to her and crying on her shoulder. 
“My God, girl. What’s going on?”
“Oh, Mom. Today was an awful day at school. So many of the kids were so mean and they were saying horrible things. They said cruel things about Dad and all of us.”
“Honey, I’m so sorry,” she said, patting Nadine on the back. “They’re just being ignorant asses. That’s all.”
“Some of them are, Mom. That doesn’t concern me so much,” Nadine said. “But some of them act as though we live in some sort of house of horrors, with kidnapped girls chained to the cellar walls. How do you make these people understand we didn’t know what was going on? What do you say to make them understand we weren’t a part of this?”
Nadine started crying again and it made Erin feel somewhat like she felt that morning. But she knew fighting that urge would make her feel better, and it would make Nadine feel better, too. But it just might be an uphill battle with an emotional teenage girl. She knew very well that kids can be so cruel. 
“I don’t know exactly what to tell you, Nadine, but these battle lines have been drawn and we’ll just have to fight,” Erin said. “Your father and I both spent the day fighting on these front lines, and I think we’ve made some headway. We’re not taking this lying down and neither should you. I can’t tell you how to cope with today’s teens since most show the maturity of a hungry toddler. I think this is one of those lessons in life where you have to stand for the courage of your convictions. You just don’t take the bullshit.”
Nadine pulled away and smiled some, letting Erin know her teen wasn’t quite so typical. Nadine was ahead of the curve when it came to most teen angst. She felt a level of pride and comfort too few parents can enjoy, although that comfort was challenged by Nadine’s next statement. 
“I suppose I shouldn’t complain too much, since Jeremy seemed to have it worse than I did.”
Boom. 
Steeled over, Erin asked, “How would that be?”
“Based on what he’s told me, he didn’t get it from the other kids in school, and it would have surprised me if he did. But he was pressured by the school faculty. I guess he was dusted with a load of questions by his teacher and principal, asking him if he knew of bad things done by bad people and, well, you get the picture,” Nadine said, quickly reading her mother’s gauges. “He came home pretty upset by it.”
Erin seethed. All she saw was red and a reddened world asking to be held down and separated from its throat in one quick bite. She kept her focus, though, and turned to the car and pulled out Gabby and handed him to Nadine, and then pulled Noni from her car seat. Her mind quickly drifted back to when she picked up these two, wondering if there was an air of suspicion she failed to recognize. No, she would have pinged on that and dealt with it immediately. 
But this was too different. Nadine was a smart teenage girl who would have to learn to cope with life’s unfairness, and the little ones were simply oblivious. But Jeremy was a fragile, vulnerable and sensitive boy ill equipped to deal with such prejudice. So, the sons of bitches at that school who find themselves justified in interrogating an autistic child in order to bleed information would soon regret it. 
“Sweetheart, help me get these two settled in, would you? I need to talk to Jeremy and find out what’s going on.”
“Sure. To be honest, I think it was Mrs. Schmidt who got to him, although it doesn’t sound as if she meant any harm.”
“I doubt they were so innocent, Nadine. I have every confidence she thought she could take advantage of Jeremy’s vulnerabilities and dig up dirt nobody else has. But damn it, we’ve known her for more than ten years. Ten years, and they go and do something like this,” Erin said. “I can’t help but to think a level of trust has been broken, wouldn’t you think so?”
Not sure of what to say, Nadine said, “I guess so, Mom.”
“My guess isn’t much better, so that Mrs. Schmidt had better be able to reassure me more than quite nicely.”

Kevin drove home knowing he could sleep in late the next morning, should he be able to sleep at all. The hardest part for him was actually leaving the office; that’s when it became so real. Somehow, actually leaving with a handful of things from his desk was not so much an admission of guilt but defeat. Because of that feeling, he left all the plaques and pictures, informing Larry he would be back and that if anything were missing, there would be blood. 
He spent a good chunk of the day trying to convince investigators he could be beneficial to the case, much in part because he knew the officers and the lay of the land. But it didn’t take them very long to make their point clear; we don’t want you around no matter what you say. 
During the drive home he thought about where his professional future lies within the scheme of things. He knew his career was in jeopardy and that he could still face a slew of charges. If I do make it through all of this, what’s going to be left in the fallout? He wondered if he’d end up driving truck for a living, since it was one of the few jobs out there allowing for some anonymity. But Erin’s sort wouldn’t be the wife of a truck driver; it was bizarre enough she settled with being the wife of a cop. The scenario was frightening because he’s never really done anything else but be a cop. 
The scary moments only accumulated when he pulled into the driveway and found Erin sitting on the front steps with Noni in her lap. Gabriel was surely with Nadine and Jeremy was likely engrossed with one of his books or working on his bizarre drawings. Erin’s expression wasn’t encouraging to him, with the stormy atmosphere around her indicating a 70% chance of hail and misery. What was even more ominous was she got up from where she sat and approached him before he got out of the car. When he moved to get out, she gestured to him it wasn’t a good idea. 
They confiscated the pistol and the Tazer. Damn, but this sucks…
“Honey, you’re better off listening to everything I have to say before you get out, because you just might be inclined to slip it into reverse and make an escape. I say that because your shitty day isn’t likely to get any better now that you’re here,” she said, looking as if she meant it.
He looked ahead, out through the windshield and towards the barn, where all the Climbing Nightshade crept up the side of the barn and gripped the roof. He couldn’t help but to wonder if the creeping tendrils of the pervasive weed could affect the structural integrity of the roof or any of the windows, should they dig in deep enough. He knew he’d have to thin the stuff back or risk regretting it later. At least it was nice to see a potential problem he could see before it became a monstrous crisis.
“Lady, you don’t know what sort of goddamned day I’ve had, so ending it like this might not be a great idea.”
“No, I surely don’t know the specifics of your day, but once I do and then compare them to how things went for Nadine and Jeremy, not to mention me, although I had a few shining moments, I could still assume your day wasn’t stellar. How am I doing so far?”
He clued in and asked, “What happened with Nadine and Jeremy?”
Erin provided her version of the day’s ordeals, ensuring she included her inflections in order to illustrate her levels of displeasure, making it plain the day indeed was not getting any better. He thought that if the kids were okay and she was simply being a bitch, he’d keep open the option of pulling out and stopping at the Dusty Trail for a few drinks. But it turned out the kids did indeed have a shitty day, and leaving them alone with the likes of this woman would only make things shittier. 
Hey, he loved this woman; he really did. But it wasn’t because of her cooking or talents with special attention after a long day. No, he loved Erin because she was strong and smart, and she was a woman who could handle herself in unique situations. She knew how to conduct a cocktail party as the most gracious of hostesses after spending the afternoon looking like a grimy, gardening mess. She was a dynamic mother who loved her children dearly, and could be a stunning lover, making him realize that it really can be all they say it can be. She’s also a crack shot with a pistol. 
The thing to know was Erin Sealy was not the good little woman. She wouldn’t merely hover by him if he went down. She’d certainly fight for him, and she did so just that day, he’d soon find out, but if the situation called for it, she could provide him with a mercy bullet through the head. 
Based on her expression, Kevin assumed the mercy bullet had a sweet, enticing aroma right about then. 
“Well, while I spent the waking day rallying the troops to stand and defend you while spreading the word on the insidious nature of these crimes, our children have been judged and interrogated while we’ve been judged and accused. Kevin, I know your day was awful and we’ve heard the Governor’s decision on the news, so I know your days are about to get longer. But you must know you’re not the only one dodging incoming fire. If it was just me, I’d only be really pissed off. But with it being our children, including Jeremy, I’m inclined to spill a lot of blood. 
“So, what I want from you before you step out of this car is some idea of what you intend to do about it. I know you don’t have all the answers because there isn’t anyone who would, but I would like to think my husband has more than a miserable attitude and a twelve-pack.”
Kevin opened his door and stepped out after making it clear he was allowing her to block his way no more.
He pushed closed the car door and then locked it, and then turned to her with a smile and said, “I intend to do what I do every day, Mrs. Sealy; I intend on taking it on like a man and as it comes. But to offer you some specifics, since you look as though you’d prefer that, I intend on remaining within the public eye, letting the people know Kevin Sealy doesn’t just get tossed under the bus. I intend on letting the world know I didn’t betray their trust and that I never would, which means I will fight this thing in any manner I can. 
“As for this evening, I plan on going in there and hugging my children, and I will tell them that this is the sort of thing I told them about when I said you have to know you’re right when you are right. If you are not guilty, you remain standing and fight in order to do so, because the simple truth is that sometimes life can be hard. But if you keep fighting the good fight, those who are the best will remain victorious. The only way the bad guys win is when they overrun you and leave you with no more breath in your body. How am I doing so far?”
“You’re doing okay so far. I have dinner just about ready, which is lasagna just the way you like it, and I even picked up some of that garlic bread you go on about. I like your answers and your state of mind, Sheriff Sealy, so you may stay. In fact, I like you enough to say you should stick around after the kids have all fallen asleep.”
She then turned around and went inside the house, leaving the door open so he may follow her in. He blinked, and then he followed her in with a subtle smile and feeling much better; not just because he might be getting some, but because that there was a woman who could grab a bull by the horns rather than turn her frightened head and accept the goring. Seeing a woman like that drop her clothes, shake loose her hair and then come to her knees before you with the intent to amaze makes a man feel genuinely fortunate, indeed. 
It also made him wonder what sort of man found an allure in a frightened, quivering, rope-bound girl forced to submit. It was within that moment he realized no man has ever done such a thing. No man has ever wanted that, and no man has ever been involved with the beating and rape of a woman. Have there been hordes of spineless cowards involved and desiring these things? Oh, there sure has. But has there ever been a man involved in any way except to stop such things? No. Not even once, ever. 

It was the third lengthy interview Kevin provided just that morning, and he actually reached the point where he was fantasizing about some lunch. He welcomed the appetite because it seemed to be a symptom of a day going better than first expected. He acknowledged he owed a debt of gratitude to Erin because he had to admit he wouldn’t be pursuing things with such confidence if it wasn’t for her motivation. Despite being rather steely at times, she knew how to get her point across. 
“Now that we’re more aware of where we can turn to obtain more information about these crimes and the epidemic of Human Trafficking,” Trace Taggard of WRJD said, “we’ll place these links on our website. Sheriff, could you tell us why we haven’t heard more about these issues until now? My intention isn’t to sound obstinate, but if this crime has been this prevalent for this long and affecting this many millions of people around the globe, then why aren’t we hearing more about it than we have? Why did we have to be close enough to smell it before we had it brought to our attention?”
“Trace, an answer to that is something I truly wish I had,” Sheriff Sealy said. “I am aware that the information has been out there, and the Secretary of State’s Office has been publishing a Trafficking in Persons Report annually since the Clinton Administration, but rarely has the public been informed about the serious nature of the situation. You’re a member of the media, Trace, so let me ask you. Why do these issues take a back seat to, say, the latest celebrity gossip or some athlete’s bruised knee?”
The course of the discussion was similar from interview to interview, with two interviews on the radio (one AM and the other FM), and then a discussion with Jinda Imogi of the local ABC-TV affiliate. The TV interview would be replayed that evening and Kevin hoped that all citizens with the sense God gave a goat would watch it. He provided his side of the story the best he could, making it clear he intends on defending his good name, but he wanted the meat of the interviews to expose the widespread, insidious nature of the crimes that the authorities beyond his pay grade have chosen to keep a secret. He found it pathetic, but he would carry the torch of exposure of this if he was the only one left to do so.
Afterwards, Kevin drove to Liam’s where he was expected to meet Erin and a number of the ladies for lunch, and he was really looking forward to getting there. Not only was he genuinely hungry, but he was more than happy with the way the day was going. He felt confident the interviews went well enough to place a lot of listener confidence in his corner, and there was enough information conveyed to make people stand up and demand to know more. 
Erin was busy campaigning for him, spreading the word through the genteel factor and their range of influences, educating people about the crimes infiltrating neighborhoods and law enforcement not just in New York, but around the globe. She had a talent for getting people to listen to her, so when she recruited the help of the wives and women of influence she saw the word spread fast. 
Their combined efforts made him look nearly as good in much of the public eye as he did when he was first elected. To Kevin, those factors were just as palatable as anything on the menu at Liam’s, and they had premium Hunan Chicken as well as the finest Hot & Sour Soup anywhere in the Western Hemisphere. 
He walked into the restaurant feeling ravenous but believing that what they’re doing is the right thing to do, which only fueled his appetite. It was actually bizarre how their efforts would completely backfire on them before the end of the week; to such an extent that they should have seen it coming. But for the time being, the ladies applauded Kevin when he entered the restaurant, and while that was hardly necessary, he smiled and gestured his sincere thanks their way. Erin came to him and kissed him before seeing him to his seat.
“Kevin, we heard your radio interviews, and I have to say that anyone who heard that and wasn’t impressed must be a fool,” Marjorie said. 
Erin informed him the night prior that she would be the one to cut ties and denounce them as mere criminals if Marjorie thought it would benefit her a quarter notch, which is precisely why Erin started the process through her first. Looking around at the crowd Erin gathered, he recognized she was quite the force not to be reckoned with. But he already knew that; it was just a matter of how long before everyone else had a chance to find out. 
“I appreciate that, Marjorie, and I hope you’re right,” he said. “I admit that I’m doing a lot of this for the sake of my own hide, but I really want people to know what’s going on in our world, because it’s amazing how much we had no idea of what’s been going on, including me. This cork should have been popped long ago, so I feel a sense of shame for doing so little so late. But now that I’m on it, I’m not letting it go. I swear to make the public awareness of this crime a mission in life.”
The ladies politely applauded and then let things go long enough so they could eat. While Liam’s was a common hangout for this bunch, much of them rarely ate there but made time for some tea and perhaps some soup, with the occasional Sake rice wine for certain celebrations. But rather than the warmed rice wine, most of them enjoyed something from the menu for this occasion. 
Kevin decided on the Hunan Chicken, which he requested be spiced up nicely; the desired amount of spice he enjoyed would probably ruin the makeup and curl the hair of most everyone else there. It was that and a hearty helping of their enchanting Hot & Sour soup coupled with an appetizer of Crab Rangoon; much of which he chose because just about every Chinese restaurant in the country offered all of that but so few took the time to make them correctly. Liam’s, however, took the time and showed the pride, making their restaurant a shining star in the region. 

Everyone enjoyed their fill and eventually filed out of the restaurant, but not before coming to Kevin and making sure he knew he had their support. Many of them said he should trust his instincts and then this thing would right itself and the good people of this county would know who is who. 
“I really appreciate it,” he told many of them. “As far as I’m concerned, my face is still the face of law enforcement in this county and I want the people to know their trust has not been betrayed by me. I only wish I could say that about all my officers.”
After nearly everyone was gone, Kevin and Erin knew they did the right thing, but they also knew they had a long way to go. He was still on detention, so to speak, and they knew their good name was irreparably tarnished thanks to those officers who were genuinely guilty. But they knew they were not guilty so they refused to look guilty, regardless of the circumstances. 
But Erin still knew accusations can hold a lot of weight and influence all by themselves.
She looked to him and said, “Well, Sheriff. What are your plans for the rest of the day?”
“I wish I had some, but I really don’t have any now. The interviews held were all I could line up for the time being, but I think they’ll open the invitations for others. I say that because what’s been said may not prompt most people to look into the crimes themselves, enough people in the media just might do some more digging.”
He looked thoughtful for a moment and then said, “I know my instincts have been way off when it comes to so much of this, but I can’t help but to think there’s still a big piece of something I’m still missing.”
He took a sip of his tea and stirred what was left of his soup and then said, “I don’t know what it is, but there’s something dirtier about all of this than just a handful of dirty cops, Erin. I can’t place my finger on it yet, but there’s an ingredient in this shitty dish I have yet to recognize.”
Chapter Nine

Kevin was successful in lining up a few more interviews over the next several days. But these were long and boring days for Kevin despite him being the talk of the town and who all the newsies wanted to focus on. Well, it was actually the Human Trafficking angle catching all the attention, but only through his concerted focus on it. When he wasn’t actively a part in the various interviews, he watched the reports and subsequently the information the local news media provided the public. 
He paid particular attention to the special reports offered by Jinda Imogi, a local celebrity of sorts and a very popular anchor. Almost daily, she hosted these special reports discussing and exposing Human Trafficking and its various branches, including child soldiers in Africa and forced prostitution within many Asian countries. 
Before long, just about every media outlet in the region (and eventually well beyond it) latched onto the subject, in part because there was very little else to focus on in this sleepy region of the country. There were the headlines, sports and weather and then the obligatory traffic reports, but there was little else to report except the global infestation of Human Trafficking and how it came to Sweeney County and the abandoned abattoir plants of Beckston. 
Kevin was happy with the information provided to the public, but not happy with the bouts of severe boredom he otherwise endured when not busy going to interviews. He looked for things to do around the house, including any repairs needed, but that quickly ran its course. He tightened the occasional loose screw and took care of the few things needed outside, such as the shrubs or the lawn, but quickly ran out of things to fix. He was loathe to work on something that didn’t require any work, thinking he would only make it worse. He was among those who believe if you mow a yard that doesn’t need mowing, you’re just going to find a bundle of lost wire and wrap it up into the mower deck. 
He pondered on the idea of writing a book about his ordeal, believing there was a good chance there would be a book written about his ordeal by someone sooner or later, with him not appreciating how it read. Because he suspected his law enforcement career was plummeting, he also considered an idea on becoming a professional investigator specializing in Human Trafficking. He would have to shed the stigma of implications into the present situation, but if he could do it, he might just be the man to pursue it. After all, there were precious few people focused on the subject. There were radio personalities galore succeeding in political analysis, but there was virtually no one focusing on what was likely thee most evil condition within humanity’s global society today. It was something to think about and his imagination ran with it, what with him having little else to do. But very quickly his attention would be provided with more than enough. 

Erin nearly lost control of the car when she first heard the news on the radio. While this wouldn’t be the first news report discussing the Beckston issue, but it was the first of its kind. While there have been several days offering Sheriff Sealy a platform to state his case and position on the matters, a new spin on the story circulated fast. 
“The news reports seen and heard over the past several days have shone a positive light on our County Sheriff, but new information from a reliable FBI source has stated Sheriff Kevin Sealy may have been untruthful in his recent statements and is likely withholding very valuable information. 
“According to FBI Agent Lawrence Stevenson, many of the officers arrested in connection with the Beckston slaughterhouse crimes have been implicating Sheriff Sealy almost from the beginning, with many of them claiming Sealy was taking bribes and others claim he was the ringleader of the operation. They’re all claiming he is feigning ignorance and claiming innocence to avoid any connection and subsequent arrest. Sheriff Sealy has been placed on Administrative Leave with pay while this investigation continues.”
The news reports went on in great detail, including statements from Agent Stevenson. Erin quickly changed the channels to hear if these reports were on others channels, and they were, finding the momentum was quickly turning against them. She felt her world closing in around her yet again, wondering what would come of all the efforts made by Kevin and her, including the women who vowed to stand with them. Concerned with how quickly things would unravel, the mystery was solved with one simple phone call.
Before she answered, she looked at the Caller ID and saw it was Marjorie. Pensive to answer, she did it anyway. 
“I don’t intend on keeping you on the phone, Erin. This is Marjorie. I’m calling after discussing this with some of the others, and we’ve agreed it would be best to keep some distance from this until things have resolved for Kevin and you. While we still want to be in your corner, these latest news reports indicate it’s too early to know just how to move ahead, particularly with what’s been claimed by the FBI.”
“Marjorie, I know-“
“Erin, we’ll be in touch.”
Erin’s contact with the element of society she found more important than just about every other aspect of her life except her children just dissociated itself from her with the statement- we’ll be in touch. She saw Marjorie ended the call, so she folded the cell phone closed and quickly sought a place where she could get the car off the road. She happened to be by the Tinian Corner Plaza, with the charming antique book store and the nicest Michael’s craft shop in the region. She pulled the car into a spot in front of Edgar’s Pizza, which has excellent pizza and is decorated in a rather bizarre Poe motif, not that such curiosities caught her attention just now. The Poe thing didn’t do much to add to sales, but it made the place unique and therefore memorable, and the owner Jacob Salisbury (there was no Edgar or Poe and there never was) enjoyed good success. 
Erin looked towards the various Poe illustrations (without seeing them) before realizing she was violently trembling, and then quickly realized she didn’t have the strength to get out of the car. Even if she did, she had no idea where she could go where she would not be scowled down or somehow maligned for being married to Kevin Sealy, the most vilified and sinister county sheriff in, well, anywhere. She wouldn’t be able to go anywhere, including grocery shopping or for Jeremy’s prescriptions or the post office, or anywhere at all. Then, while suffering from severe shock and weakness as well as an overwhelming vulnerability, she remembered she still had to pick up Gabby and Noni from daycare. Tears welled up, distorting her view of her watch, but she blinked away the tears and saw she wasn’t due to pick them up for nearly two hours. 
With misery emanating from every part of her being, she pulled the gear shift into reverse and backed out from Edgar’s. She wiped a sorrowful tear from her eye and then turned to go back in the direction from which she just came. She couldn’t endure the two hours waiting for the children; of that she was quite confident. 
I can’t help but to wonder what sort of vitriol is brewing right now within the daycare, she thought as she waited for the light to go green.
She negotiated the twelve miles between Edgar’s and the daycare knowing that every car passing her by harbored someone glaring at her, fantasizing about her gruesome death. She could almost feel a spotlight from a circling helicopter overhead, illuminating her for the world to see. They were televising her misery for everyone to sneer while Kevin watched from the cool anonymity of home, with a beer clutched in a hand and his bare feet up on the coffee table, smiling over his being able to lay his crimes on yet one more innocent victim. 
She traversed the distance without incident and parked outside the daycare. Although she had yet to be mobbed, she had to put her head back and squeeze her eyes shut in order to muster the courage to get out of the car. Erin quickly shook her head and wiped away the tears, and then pulled her compact mirror from her purse in order to see how badly her makeup was damaged. She fixed what she could and then got out of the car. She stood by her door for a moment to see if anyone was watching her, and when she saw no one, she took a deep breath and went inside. Once inside, she made eye contact with the first employee she saw. 
“Oh, you’re earlier than I expected, Mrs. Sealy. Please allow me a moment to get Gabriel and Innocent ready to go. I won’t be but a few moments.”
“Thank you.”
Erin loathed her emotional state, knowing that in many ways it made no sense. After all, the sweet, young woman just stepping out of sight to retrieve the little ones showed no signs of hate or disgust. She didn’t glare at Erin and, through clenched teeth, demonstrate an unwillingness to turn over two innocuous children to the likes of her. But Erin couldn’t help but to think she was back there, watching her through a hidden camera and telling the world this is where she is, conspiring to leave with these two beautiful children. I couldn’t possibly hand these children over to that woman, could I? I know what a Judge would say, but what about God and Jesus?
She imagined people were racing through traffic to reach the daycare at that very moment, blowing through traffic lights and stop signs in order to stop her latest tragedy, and there were others all around, hiding behind tinted windows with Bluetooth head sets, informing Lawrence Stevenson of her every move. 
Erin closed her eyes and shook her head as she easily hugged herself. What she’s imagining is simply not going on. The good people of the world were not after her, and in fact it was doubtful anyone was. She was simply going through one of her paranoid and neurotic moments and that was all. The problems she faced were what they were and the rest of it was all in her mind. 
Erin, she thought as she waited for the kids, you simply need to calm down and take it as it comes. 
But it wasn’t all in her mind, was it? She wasn’t hallucinating when Marjorie called, was she? If she actually concocted that out of thin air, she should be committed and not allowed anywhere near her children. But if she really did receive that phone call, then these concerns were not simply a delusion. She reached for her cell phone and prompted the calls received. 
There it was, right there on the bright LCD screen. Less than thirty minutes ago, Marjorie called and the call spanned less than thirty seconds. She fought the tears as she dropped the phone into her purse, confident her world is crashing, really crashing, down upon her and her children. 
All thanks to that son of a bitch, Kevin Sealy. All thanks to his insidious crimes against the innocent of the world. 

Jeremy felt troubled with what was going on with everyone. While the little ones weren’t going through anything, everyone else was. There was all this mean talk about Dad doing really bad things, and Mom has been so mad about it. That was what bothered him the most; Dad may not always know the right thing to do, but he would never do bad things, would he?
Jeremy decided it was best to leave everyone alone for the time being, what with all of them so upset. He knew there were some serious things going on; he just didn’t know what they were. He did know that whatever it was, it had to be serious. All the grownups at school were talking about it, and so weren’t the people on the news. So, it was a big deal to a lot of people, but none of them were talking to him about it. 
That was something he was used to. Jeremy knew he had issues keeping him from being included in a lot of the things going on. But he also knew everyone had issues of some sort or another, so he tried not taking things too seriously. So, when he didn’t have anything else to turn to except his things, he turned to his books. 
Mom has her big, thick books she likes to read now and then, and Dad does, too. But Dad likes his biographies and true life stories, while Mom likes suspense. But for Jeremy, it was the graphic novels all the way. 
He likes the graphic novels because they offer pictures to go along with the story. They work together, the pictures and the words, and Jeremy found that made a lot more sense to him. Of course he knew the stories were make-believe and just for fun, but they often offer him things to think about. They show these people in the stories going through a lot of different things, and he thought that the way the characters act just might be how they really would should the stories be true. 
But what he liked the most was how they were illustrated differently from just about anything else. There were fewer colors but a greater contrast, and they only focused on the point that really mattered at the time. That was his most favorite part of the graphic novels. They don’t make you think too much about what they’re trying to say or show. It was right there and there wasn’t anything else, so you know you saw what was meant to be seen.
So, the graphic novels have worked as a marvelous inspiration for Jeremy and have shaped his perceptions in numerous ways, even though he hasn’t been able to communicate that to anyone else. He loves the stories and the way they, along with the illustrations, have helped shape his imagination in ways he hitherto didn’t believe possible. He also attributes credit to those creating these novels for helping mold his own methods and abilities to draw. 
Jeremy knew it turned out he was the only one who recognized what went on in his drawings, but that was okay. He recognized a greater specificity within the illustrations of the graphic novels, but he still found them rather broad, likely in order to please a wider audience. But he preferred to draw only what he saw in what he wanted to draw and nothing else. So if he sees Mom angry, he doesn’t need to draw her hugging herself or chopping onions, getting angrier with every cut and making a mess. Often, the tell-tale sign is her furrowed brow or the look within her eyes demonstrating she’s convinced she’s about to be killed. 
Just about everyone’s looked at the pictures, and they usually nod and tell him he did fine, but he knew they didn’t see what he saw in there. Often, Jeremy drew that, too. So they’ll nod and smile and go on, which is okay. For him, it seems he could paste his diary on the walls and still nobody could ever read it. 
So, while the others carried on about their situation, whatever it was, Jeremy drew in colors that contrasted well, and were stark and harsh. Could he draw what they said and how it conveyed certain emotional situations? He thought so, although no one would recognize them for what they were, until they learned the language within it. Part of the translation is recognizing the colors and shades, the light and shadow, and most importantly, the particular facet of expression as opposed to the entirety. Know that and know much. 

For Nadine, things weren’t quite so comforting as she didn’t possess some secret world to which she could turn. Sure, she has her secrets, but not a secret sanctuary. Besides, there’s no way to hide from one’s ever-growing understanding of an ugly world, particularly when it’s a world from which nothing can escape. Nadine knew with every confidence her father wasn’t guilty of the crimes, including taking a passive stance like the Penn State freaks. She was sure he was as hapless as any of the girls captured, which was why she felt such anger with Mom’s stance on things. 
She’s been continually accusing and blaming Dad of so many heinous things when she knows damn well he didn’t have anything to do with any of it. She might as well blame him for the chill of winter. She wished Mom had it in her to recognize what she blamed Dad for, which was how the world betrayed her even more than it did him. Sure, it was great to be a part of his world when he was on top of it, giving her every reason to associate with (and often control) the socialites, but once his position hit the bear market, she wants to shove him off a high cliff. 
Nadine understood her mother’s anger and frustration, but not the direction in which she expressed it. It doesn’t make sense to be in a lifelong relationship and treat one’s partner as though they’re only as good as their latest accomplishment, or lack thereof. Even worse was she treated him as though he wasn’t something she could easily cut loose and leave as so much chum in the water so she could exit unscathed. Because he’s incapable of making it all right, he is all wrong by default. The worst of it was she was saying things she’d never be able to take back. So, since Nadine didn’t have a world to hide in like Jeremy does, she had to settle for whatever distractions she could. 
It’s just that she didn’t want to be so distracted that Mom, Dad or even Jeremy might knock, or even enter her room while she peruses what she will on the computer with the internet access that nobody knows she has. She liked it more than the computer downstairs. It had internet access, but it also had parental controls. 
Sam, Sam, Sam. Nadine scrolled through the various things Sam had on the computer, often on the verge of being disgusted or enthralled, and sometimes a shade of both. When Sam handed over the little computer (you can almost hide this under a shirt, Lover), she made it clear what and who it was for. For one thing, it contained a hefty amount of the sort of porn Sam liked (as opposed to the freaky porn some of the guys liked) and it didn’t take much in terms of investigative skills to see why. 
The men were fit and good looking, and quite attentive, and the women were unbelievably gorgeous, considerably wanting, and quite attentive, too. 
“These are just examples of the sorts of things I like to try to recreate in my secret, little hideaway.”
Before having this little secret, Nadine had never seen any porn of significance. Sure, she’s seen some lurid photos and some quick clips that made it through the parental controls, but she’s never seen anything like this. One thing she found fascinating was the sheer intensity of the male orgasm. She couldn’t help but to think that, in a subtle way, it looked rather agonizing. Before the video evidence, she knew what went on (she’s attended the obligatory health classes just like everyone else) but there’s a certain element left out of the clinical instruction. Basic instincts reside in darker cores of being, but even that only hints at things. 
While the so-called adults went at it, Nadine scanned through the computer to see what else might be on there, and she found some clips of Sam’s prior escapades. They were worth a quick glance but not much more at the time, so Nadine settled in to surf a more conventional internet menu. While looking through things she easily could have browsed through downstairs, if the parents weren’t going at it, she received an instant message from Sam.
We’re going to have a nice little party tonight, and we’ve set things up to have some live feed from a couple different cameras. So, Lover, since you can’t make it by here, you can still feel as though you’re a part of the fun. 
Before long, Nadine was seeing several classmates in ways she’s never seen them before. A couple times, Sam managed to look to the camera and mouth things like ‘missing you, Nadine,’ or ‘wish you were here’. 
There was such a tug on Nadine, since she saw so much allure in Sam’s carefree lifestyle, and heard so much frustration and anger in her world, just outside her bedroom door. It was rough between the parents, and Nadine felt quite anxious and alone. 

Kevin eventually stomped out of the house, infuriated. He turned to see Erin in the doorway, and he yelled at her, “That’s it, Erin. That is it for me! I am not taking any of your bullshit anymore. You know as well as anyone that this shit is not my fault, but you want to put it all on me, anyway? Well, I’m not a psychic, woman, and in case you haven’t noticed, we don’t know any.”
“I don’t need a psychic to see you’re going to turn and run out of here, since running and hiding from this problem is all you’ve done since it started,” she retorted. “And I have had enough of it!”
The thing driving him out the door was that she went on for what had to be hours. She kept pushing and pushing it, and was drinking far more than usual, which only fuels her already biting hurtfulness. She started complaining about the status quo, which he understood, but then she started accusing him of things everyone knew was far from the truth. Regardless of what he’s been doing in the public eye since the crisis first started, it just didn’t matter to her anymore. If there was one thing for sure, the bullshit accusations from Larry didn’t help matters, and he would soon know it.
Kevin was rolling just a bit too quickly down the road right around midnight, wondering why he didn’t bail himself out hours earlier. It was crazy to see all the insanity started just what seemed to be hours after so many joined hands in solidarity to fight the good fight, but according to what scant amount of truth Erin was willing to utter, the social elite tossed the Sealy family in front of a train. He had to place a lot of blame on himself for thinking that sort could be any different. Recognizing he needed to slow it down, he was glad he didn’t join Erin in some quest to overly imbibe. The last thing he needed on the news was him being arrested for DUI.
Kevin fumed during the lengthy drive to the hotel of his choice, which was near Albany. This particular hotel was a choice only because he knew the hotel manager. Kevin first met Earl Baldwin when he was moving the family to the northern part of the state after evolving his law enforcement career in the state’s southern tier. Broome County was where he first started climbing the ranks, and temporarily filled in as Sheriff when the elected sheriff fell upon some tragedy at the time. Deciding on some place to start fresh partly revolved around his meeting some kooky British fellow named Volans who exercised a penchant for the occult. While reconstruction occurred in a section of Endicott, the Sealy family enjoyed an extensive stay at Earl’s hotel, and the two men became fast friends. 
“Earl, I imagine you’ve been hearing quite a bit on the news about me lately, but I need to ask for a favor if it wouldn’t be inappropriate,” Kevin said on the phone while the engine was still working to warm up. 
“I’ve heard a lot of horrible things on the news regarding your situation, Kevin,” Earl said, which at first made Kevin a bit nervous. “But I think I know you well enough to know what sort of man you are. I think the way you’ve handled this situation deserves a lot of praise because I’ve seen you show a lot of courage. You have a friend in me, and I am confident you know that, and you’ll always be an esteemed guest in my hotel. I’ll defend that position publicly if it comes to it. Rest assured that you have refuge at my hotel for as long as you need it, so you keep your wallet right where it is. I’ll call the hotel and let them know you’re coming, and they’ll ensure your stay is kept quiet.”
“I don’t know how to express my gratitude, Earl,” Kevin said. “To be honest, I was hoping to spend some time at the bar. What time does it close if it hasn’t yet?”
“The bar closes when you’re done.”
“Man, you are such a godsend right now. It’s just that I’ve been so virtually alone for a while now, and even Erin’s turned on me, accusing me of things she knows aren’t true. So at the moment, I really don’t have anywhere else to go. Jesus, I must sound pathetic.”
“I can understand how difficult this must be, so I ask you find such understanding as well. You must recognize that I have a fair understanding of Erin’s world, so I can fathom her predicament,” Earl said. “Of course I believe she should ultimately be in your corner, particularly with her knowing your place in all of this, but she has made herself comfortable in a rather unforgiving environment. Hers is a bitter pill, too, Kevin; this stigma will forever stain her world regardless of the turnout.”
“You’ve always been a man of keen perceptions, Earl.”
“It’s merely that the genteel, as is their claim, must rely on a certain degree of flawlessness in their environment in order to maintain a measure of purity. Of course certain things are understood as a measure of sophisticated maturity, but the standards are strict and kept so for several valid reasons. Your place is far more practical so you’re not immersed in such airs, but her chosen place is at risk. Perhaps you should acknowledge her predicament as she should yours,” Earl noted. 
“You’re right,” Kevin admitted. “That has always been her world beyond the kids, and it’s been good to and for her. I’ve never been comfortable with all the snobbery, but I’ll admit they can get a lot done. It’s just that when it gets down to the ground, they’re just like everyone else; you don’t have to outrun the lions, just the slowest in the group.”
“It is truly a gilded cage, my friend, but a cozy one,” Earl said. “But let’s get you through what you have to endure now. Do you have any specific plans moving forward?”
“I know I need to change the MO I’ve been running on recently,” Kevin said. “As a law enforcement officer and a smart man, I need to recognize that I’m going down for this. This is almost certainly going to level my career and I have to cowboy up to that. But my career must be separated from me and I cannot go down as a man, so I must defend myself tirelessly in order to defend my family. But because it’s been so much widespread ignorance of this problem that brought it to me, I want to continue bringing as much information as possible to the public sector. If I lose my badge, that just might be my new mission in life.”
“I recently chatted with a remarkable gentleman who just retired from the military,” Earl said. “He was relieved of his last command just before retirement because of some incident regarding a Hummer being air-dropped from a cargo plane at the wrong time, dropping it on a busy highway just outside the borders of the base. Luckily, there was nobody hurt and there wasn’t any significant damage, but there was a Hummer connected to a large parachute blocking the highway for quite some time, and traffic backed up for miles. We must admit that this incident could have been worse. The Hummer could have really hurt or killed someone.
“Someone had to answer for the incident and rest assured the shit rolled all the way to the bottom of the hill. But because the media took hold of it and wouldn’t let go until the thing became a tragedy of immense importance, the military structure all the way to Washington did, as well. Suffice it to say this man was relieved of his command, with this incident being the only smear on otherwise an impeccable military career. This man was certainly pissed about it, mainly because he wasn’t on the plane and wasn’t even on the base at the time. 
“The reason I am aware of this incident is because he recently stayed at the hotel, serving as an avionics consultant for an aeronautics corporation and making an extraordinarily handsome salary.”
“I think I see your point,” Kevin said. 
“Kevin, you keep fighting that good fight,” Earl said, “because most people are going to recognize you were railroaded on this one, mostly because it just doesn’t add up. Sure, the Sheriff’s badge may go to another, but the world knows the good guys don’t always win. We’ve all born witness to situations, including you, where we’re unsure of who won the fight until the dust settled.”
“I appreciate your insight, my friend, but there are reliable sources in positions of significant authority claiming I’m lying through my teeth,” Kevin said. “In fact, the FBI’s chief investigator said that on the air, so this has gone farther than mere circumstances. Based on what’s been said and who said it, if I wasn’t me, I wouldn’t believe me.”

Kevin sat at the bar until about three in the morning. He nursed a few drinks while chatting with the bartender, which was quite easy as it was mainly just the two of them. A small number of people came in and went out occasionally, but they were likely from out of town and on missions of their own. With missions being what they are, Kevin looked at his watch and knew it was time to bring the party to an end.
“I’m sorry I kept you up for so long, Mike,” Kevin told the bartender. “But I appreciate it and thanks for listening.”
“It’s actually one of the perks of being a bartender, Sheriff, so the pleasure was certainly mine,” Mike said. “You know what’s what, so don’t let them get to you. I mean, you may not be able to convince them you’re innocent, but don’t let them convince you you’re guilty.”
Kevin left a fair sum on the bar and wandered towards the lobby and onto the elevator. He entered the elevator alone (not surprising, given the hour), punched the button for his floor and then leaned against the wall while the door closed. He felt up against the wall on so many levels. He had a slight buzz after enjoying a few vodkas while talking with Mike, but mostly he was just miserable. He enjoyed talking with the bartender because, for one thing, he isn’t one to desire drinking alone, particularly when away from Erin after bolting from her presence in anger, which has happened a few times. For the most part, though, he was lonely and feeling the powerlessness of the moment.
He resisted, though, with his room keycard in his hand and a mission on his mind. Kevin wanted to get some sleep and then begin his counterattack against that Larry, likely starting with some phone calls and challenging the accusations, stating he’ll take lie detector tests and anything else, but is maintaining innocence. But if there’s one thing for sure, there won’t be any categorical denials or saccharin claims of innocence while reading from cue cards from behind a podium. And, damn it, there will never be a scene of Kevin Sealy pushing through a crowd with his head hung while repeating the no comment mantra. 
Kevin Sealy is a man used to living in an environment where he might very well take a bullet for what he believes in, and that situation hasn’t changed. He’ll fight this down to the last breath if he has to, because how could he stand before those who believed in him if he was tempted to run and hide from something like this? He has every intention of facing every accusation and charge, in front of every camera and microphone, letting the world know this Sheriff doesn’t go down without a fight.
Furthermore, Larry Stevenson had goddamned well better have something to back up his side of the story. He claims he has a handful of dirty but busted cops sitting in jail and all wide-eyed and scared, saying just what they think people want to hear. Those same officers, once trusted by the good people in the county and by anyone seeing them in uniform (until their belts were being undone) now desire to point fingers and name names, but only after getting arrested, which is as weak a bunch of bullshit anywhere around. Kevin realizes his career might be DOA, but he plans on yanking the knife from his back and giving it back to its rightful owner in a manner he finds most suitable. 
But at the moment, all he has in his hands is a keycard along with the subtle scent of vodka while the knife is nestled cozily in the middle of his back, out of reach. This was a time to rest and regroup. He stepped off the elevator and walked towards his room, which he thanked Earl for repeatedly while asking it be the most basic in the building. Kevin made it clear he mainly desired a room because he didn’t want to sleep in his car, and he needed some space in order to think things over. Only the most basic amenities would be necessary, such as hot water. 
Earl was quite extraordinary at what he did, Kevin saw, because once he turned on the lights, he found the room to be just what he requested. He had a slight concern Earl would slip him into something luxuriant despite the request for simplicity, much just because he desired to be a good guy. But this was quite basic for this hotel. It was an awesome hotel with a healthy reputation, so it wasn’t exactly Motel 6 basic, but it was likely the simplest offered. The concierge who took his bag merely left it on the bed, which was perfect. 
Kevin unpacked the bag (merely by dumping it out on the bed) in order to ensure he had everything he needed. Mostly he just needed the necessary changes of clothes for a couple days and some simple preferences, like his own razor. A quick glance revealed the room offered an ironing board and a coffee pot, which was more than enough for his tastes and needs. 
He didn’t pack much and wasn’t planning on an extensive stay away from home. In fact, he intended on going home the next night whether Erin liked it or not. All he really needed for his intentions was a decent outfit and a pissed off attitude to go with his convictions. Check, check, and check on that. Once the coming day afforded him the chance to convince the people of the county, the Governor’s office and Larry that Kevin Sealy doesn’t roll over and die in order to make the suits happy, he’d return home to remind Erin this is what he is today and every day, which she could accept at her leisure. He’d accept whatever decision she made because he now knew, and likely always knew, that Erin only saw him as a means to get where she wanted to be; he just believed that what sort of man he is shouldn’t come in second to that. 
He got undressed and took a quick shower despite how nice the shower was, and then worked his way towards the bed. He had everything planned out for the next day, or, well, later that day, and all his plans were thought through. But once he was relaxed and ready to end the long day, he simply wasn’t tired. In fact, he felt anxious and restless, likely because his body assumed a night of sleep was bypassed as it reached this particular hour. But he would need some sleep one way or another.
He got out of bed and looked into the little fridge that normally charged a small mint just to be opened and pulled out one of the small bottles of vodka. He didn’t want to take brash advantage of Earl’s hospitality, but he knew he’d need some sleep at least to help level out the body chemistry. He set the drained bottle down and picked up the room phone. 
“How can I help you, Sheriff Sealy?”
“I know this is a bizarre hour, but are there any options in getting something to eat? I need to try to get some sleep because I need to be up early, but sleep is resisting arrest. I’m hoping something on my stomach might do the trick.”
“Would a hearty breakfast be to your liking?”
“That would be astounding.”
“What would you like?”
“The average American breakfast would be excellent, my dear. Thank you so much.”
After hanging up the phone, Kevin twisted open another one of the vodka bottles, hinting to himself he might regret it if he wasn’t careful, and turned on the TV. He looked to his watch, wincing to the sight that it was well after four in the morning. It isn’t uncommon for him to be getting out of bed by this time, and that’s without any set alarm. The realization set in that sleep might not be an option available, so he assumed he had the inner stamina needed to make it through the day without the sleep. He has done it in the past. He replaced the little bottle of vodka with a large bottle of water and settled down to relax and cope with how it went. 

Erin briefly worried about Kevin after he pulled out of the driveway and actually broke traction in his speedy escape, but only briefly. Like, for about twelve seconds. Aside from that, it was simply a little after midnight on a Friday night with her husband rolling into a world hating him. 
Her feelings were so conflicted, in part because she was so angry but also that she was genuinely afraid. She was angry at the enormous mess they were forced to endure, and who wouldn’t be, but so frightened of a very uncertain future. Sure, Kevin could throw a tantrum and blaze down the road, getting himself killed and leaving behind a world that would never know the truth about him. But at the time, she was just glad he was gone.
“Good riddance, you bastard.”
The entire drama consumed so much of her time and thought that she was losing focus on what was truly important, which was her children. She couldn’t worry much less about Nadine, to be frank; she was a smart girl with a good head propped up on that long, pretty neck. Nadine was smart enough to soon figure out what she really wanted, and pretty enough to get noticed while she sought it. This was good, because Nadine would need every asset she could muster, mainly because she could no longer count on the reputation her parents left her to inherit.
Jeremy could easily get through in a blissfully ignorant state and be okay. The primary concern for him is receiving the care and benefits commonly associated with one suffering Autism. Besides that, he has those arcane drawings he finds so much affinity for, and his comic books. Kevin referred to them as graphic novels. Yeah, whatever. And a hooker is an Intimacy Management Engineer. The primary concern with Jeremy is the stress levels need to be managed, since when he’s stressed, he can be so silent and withdrawn, becoming virtually uncommunicative on any effective level. 
Then, when it comes to Noni and Gabriel, they merely need the care and attention required by their age bracket. This thing, this episode or whatever it is, hopefully won’t be around when they’re old enough to be concerned. By that time, with any luck, it’ll just be an old, ugly memory; a chapter in the Sealy legacy nobody will be able to forget, but no one will ever desire to recall. Yet the story will always be out there, with people having their opinions on the TV evening news magazines, along with the history living forever on the internet and within some insipid DVD catalog. 
Erin refrained from being anywhere near the front of the house, sure there were trolling reporters and ambitious producers, looking for signs of blood on the walls and dead bodies in random shallow graves. She remained well within the darkened house with the curtains and blinds pulled, and she took care of her brood the best way she knew how. 

Chapter Ten

Kevin woke to the sound of Housekeeping personnel bustling around in the halls. He had set the alarm for noon after placing a Do Not Disturb sign on the door, but despite the several vodkas and the heavy breakfast combined with the bizarre hour, his ears were forever tuned to anything unusual. Still, with all those factors, it felt so weird for him to sleep in, even after getting barely five hours of sleep. He figured he finally drifted off somewhere around six, only to wake to the sound of rolling station carts and the hum of vacuum cleaners. 
Rather than trying to tune out the noise and linger in slumber a bit longer, he resigned to the time and got out of bed. He was about to turn on a few lights but though better of it and instead pulled open the curtains, allowing daylight to pervade the space. Out there he saw a bristling, crisp and cool late morning, with hints of changing colors on some leaves and people milling about as if they had something important to do. For many of them it just might be important, with many looking forward to a trek towards the Adirondacks or to or from Boston. He saw this side of the hotel faced towards the east, with blazing sunlight painting the far left side of the room. He supposed these rooms radiated with full morning sunlight during the summer months. 
He turned on the TV and boosted the volume so he could hear the news while he focused on getting ready. Kevin had every intention on hitting back hard on this day, letting those who smeared his good name know he doesn’t take kindly to such allegations. Although he showered before bed, he enjoyed another quick shower; something like a new sailor would have to accept, and afterwards he stepped to the sink to shave and comb his thinning hair. He looked over to the clothes he’d chosen for the day, glad he thought it through and didn’t pick out anything overdone or too impersonal. For a moment he considered something business-like, with a tie and khaki pants, but he honestly wasn’t sure the day might bring. Instead of impressing attire, he had a good pair of clean jeans and a quality plaid shirt, rich with dark reds and greens, perfect for the feel of the approaching season. 
Besides, he really didn’t expect to be on camera, but he expected to inform the right people he was on the case. He entertained a momentary consideration of approaching the State Capitol Building or perhaps the Governor’s Mansion but quickly decided against it, realizing he doesn’t need to look like one grandstanding against the power-that-be. He wanted the proper attention, but not to appear he would push up his sleeves and demand someone meet him in the parking lot. Too much drama would likely bring more unwanted drama. 
Rather, he pursued his business subtly, first with a careful perusal of the morning paper he heard thump against the hotel room door. He didn’t need to look very far into the paper to find a story with his name on it; there it was on page three (he might have made the second page if it wasn’t for the crises in Afghanistan or the plane crash in Azerbaijan, wherever the hell that was) along with an archive photo of the Beckston abattoir plants. 
Kevin was less after specifics in the story and more after the report’s tone. Is it what it should be, which is a fair and balanced report or is it a bash-fest, continuing the labeling of him as some sort of monster? It turned out that it was neither of these specifically, but more of a treatise covering the timeline thus far as well as a hypothesis of where things may be going. 
For him, that was good enough for the time being. The story was written by a reporter named Cameron Webb, a gentlemen known to write for different publications in the Albany area for a number of years. Kevin wasn’t sure if he could contact Webb directly, but he could try contacting the paper and passing on to Webb what he has in mind. Besides, this was a Saturday and Webb could be out fishing or whatever for all he knew. But he had a mission…
“Yes, this is Sheriff Kevin Sealy and I would like to get in contact with a journalist named Cameron Webb, if at all possible,” he said after finally getting a live person on the phone. 
The answer told him how long a shot it was, so he responded by saying, “That’s fine as I didn’t really expect to get him on the phone today. I mainly wanted to leave a message stating I would like to talk to him at his earliest convenience. If you would, please take down my contact information.”
Right after getting off the phone with the paper, he called every TV station he thought might harbor a slight interest in talking to him, particularly those within the region of the county. He made it clear he would like to talk to anyone interested in hearing what he had to say regarding the current events. He made sure to include the point that he desired to defend his position against statements made by Larry Stevenson (yes, he prefers to be referred to as Larry). 
“I also want to speak in defense of any of the charges and allegations that cannot be backed up by actual facts. I’ve heard numerous reports in recent days making me out to be disingenuous at best, and I would like to go on record disputing these charges.”
Kevin made several phone calls and didn’t receive a single invitation to speak on this day. It was disappointing since he truly wanted to have his say, particularly since he had more than enough to add to the story’s intrigue. Turned off by the snubbing, he couldn’t think of any other options but to go home. He packed his things in his little bag and was verily approaching the door when his cell phone rang. He quickly grabbed for it with the hopes some media outlet was reaching out. After all, wouldn’t he be a significant part in what was going on right now? 
But looking at the phone told him this wasn’t anyone from a professional position, but yet still someone far more interested in his present state of affairs and how they affected his life. Unfortunately, this wasn’t someone calling who wanted to pass on the information to the world at large.
“Good afternoon, Erin. Are you still mad at me?”
“Infuriated enough to inform you I ask you stay away from home for at least another day,” she said. “It isn’t that I couldn’t stand your presence, it’s just that I would like to have some more time along with my thoughts and misery, Kevin. Allow me to say, now that I have a clearer head, that I know none of this is your fault or doing, but this is a ship that’s burning and sinking fast. I don’t intend on throwing you overboard just yet, but right now I would like to think through a number of things and do so alone. So, putting out the fire and bailing out the water should be your primary focus right now while I make sure the children have their life vests on. As for me, I’ve been duly informed I’m excommunicated for at least until things level out, but I won’t put the kids on a raft and go down on this ship with you, pal. I think it’s fair that you know that.”
Kevin smiled and moved to where he could sit down on the bed. “To be honest with you, honey, I am glad to hear you say that. Last night, I was sure you were dumping me over the side along with all the other dead weight, so I feel a bit better knowing I won’t have to convince you to go over the side and think of the children.”
“No, you don’t need to worry yourself about that. If it helps, I would shoot you in the head or something to put you out of your misery should you, you know, break a leg or something.”
“You wouldn’t leave me with a gun or a grenade so I could take out as many pirates as possible before going down?”
“No,” she said. “That would be a waste of valuable resources. I might need the gun and the ammunition, and Nadine would need to know how to handle herself. I would probably leave you with your pants and boots, but not much else. Just to demonstrate my love, I probably wouldn’t do that until I was sure you couldn’t make it. And because I love you, I would ask if you wanted it in the head, in order to be quick and painless.”
“And if I wanted to talk it over?”
“You wouldn’t be able to finish the request.”
Kevin nodded and frowned, feeling impressed. He had to admit he did appreciate the blatant honesty. Before he could reply, she said. “I would expect that you’d afford me the same courtesy. If I was the one going down, I would haunt you until the end of time if you risked these children for me.”
“I’d leave you something so you could take down some bad guys before your last breath. That’s a guy thing, so get over it.”
He almost heard her smile, and for that he was very grateful.
“So give me some space for now, Kevin. Where are you?”
He told her where he was and how Earl’s been such a great friend. “I’ll be sure to thank him when I can, if he doesn’t find me a cold and heartless bitch,” she said. 
He decided not to give her the benefit of a response to that. “In the meantime, I have some fires to fight and holes to patch. I’ve made numerous calls to the media already, letting them know the gloves are off. But alas, nobody’s taken a firm bite on the bait.”
“Good enough. So, you’re in satisfactory shape for the time being. I still need to talk to Nadine to see if I can get her out of here for the night. Jeremy is all too easy to accommodate, and the little ones are little ones. But I do not have the inclination to go a round with Nadine. If she has some friend she wouldn’t mind hanging out with for the night, it would be nice. She should be spending more time with friends her age, anyway. She probably would be if we weren’t so far out of town and she had her own car. I’ll spring the idea on her so she won’t have the time to set anything up that would be insidious or illegal. Besides, she’s a bit of a goody-goody.”
“Hey, I like that about her,” he stated. 
“I almost do, but the girl is well into her seventeenth year. I just don’t want her being socially awkward and taken advantage of later on. Girls need to be in charge of their lives these days.”
“Whatever happened to our little girl?”
“Hmm. Just wait until you’re old and bald and have to accept that Innocent isn’t so innocent anymore.”
He winced and said, “This conversation has not been full of rainbows and butterflies, just so you know.”

Nadine felt on edge all morning long, waiting for something to pop or implode. With Mom being the way she is, there just isn’t a point in even trying with her. Dad wasn’t at home to calm her down or take the brunt of her attitude; Mom chased him off sometime during the course of the night, tacking down another nail in the coffin of their marriage. She loved her mother very much, but she knew she could be a cold and heartless bitch. 
Nadine finally wandered out of her room, forced by the need to get something to eat and drink. She overheard Mom telling someone on the phone she hoped someone doesn’t find her to be a cold and heartless bitch. 
Yeah, let me know how that works out for you.
Nadine lingered back far enough to remain out of Mom’s sight, hoping to get something to quell the hunger without being seen. Mom was in the living room, talking on the phone, and it didn’t take long to figure out she was talking to Dad. Well, at least they were communicating. She tried tiptoeing into the kitchen in order to grab something to munch on, even if it was just a cold bagel and some cream cheese, and then sneak back to her room. She’d eat in there and be okay for a while. But just before she got to the refrigerator, she heard Mom say something that caught her attention. 
“I still need to talk to Nadine to see if I can get her out of here for the night.”
At first, Nadine just rolled her eyes while she reached for the package of bagels, but then something shot through her mind, leaving the eyes once rolling to open wide. A particularly enticing idea came to her the instant she realized Mom actually wanted her out, too, and she knew she had to get back to her room. After all, Mom was far to calculating and Nadine wasn’t nearly shrewd enough to feign innocence when she had a sordid party to attend. 
Once back in her room, she held herself in a way that, once she recognized what she was doing (Mom does this…Damn, am I inheriting this lunacy?), she consciously stopped it. But she did require getting hold of herself and acting calm. If she was going to get away with what was going through her mind, she would need to play it cool. 
But the thought of spending a Saturday night with Sam had her both giddy and scared silly. She found herself trembling with the very idea of it, but the stars were aligned just right for the chance and the next opportunity wasn’t even on the charts. Thinking things through, she checked to make sure her door was locked (Mom could curtly knock and then just enter at any second) and then turned on the phone that she wasn’t supposed to have. 
A simple text message to Sam should do the trick. She thumbed in just a couple lines, indicating she had the chance to get out of the house and would need a place to spend the night. Her hands were almost fluttering from her being so nervous, and she had to stifle a giggle in the thought of Sam giggling over the thought she could be there for the having. But it was merely a question of a few more characters and pressing the send button. 
So, the message was sent. That horse was now out of the barn, so she had little choice but to follow through now or forever regret not doing so. She made sure the phone was on silent, stood up straight and took a deep breath, and made the conscious effort to put Sam and the historic potential of the night out of mind. She simply needed to go into the kitchen and get something to eat, and when Mom asks, she’ll look as though she’s thinking about it for a moment before saying she knows someone who wouldn’t mind the company, what with how boring the weekends can be. 
She double-checked to make sure the message went through and then dropped the phone in her pocket before walking out into the kitchen. 
Mom was sitting there at the kitchen table, wearing the expression revealing she was consumed in deep thought. If there was one thing Nadine knew for sure about her mother, it was that she was a forever busy person. It wasn’t that she necessarily had to be on the go or have her hands busy with something; it was just that her mind was constantly spinning at more than a mile per minute if not faster, regardless of what’s going on. She was either worried about something, concerned about something or, honestly, afraid of something. While Mom wasn’t the sort to cower in a corner, she harbored a mindset of continual hyper-vigilance For the moment, Nadine saw no point in acknowledging the vigilance; it was pointless to point out someone’s cross to bear when it was plain everybody had one. 
Nadine actually wanted something to eat, so she opened the fridge to see what might be on the menu that was both good and quick. Her eyes caught on just the thing with a Caesar salad mix. Mom will often have such a mix at hand along with some turkey and perhaps some chopped hard-boiled egg to drop in it, making a veritable snappy and hearty meal. She figured it would hit the spot yet not fill her up, and yet provide some protein for energy later on…
Girl, don’t think about that stuff right now, she scolded herself. If Mom had anything tuned properly, it was her inner radar. She pulled down from the cupboard a couple of bowls, one larger and one smaller, and retrieved some tongs from a drawer. While preparing what was sure to be quite satisfying, she looked at her mother, who had as yet to acknowledge anyone being there. 
“You doing okay, Mom? You don’t look happy this morning.”
“Even if I was a bit happy, I’d probably just feel guilty for it. There’s just so much to not be happy about going around.”
Before she opened the possibility for Mom to pick a fight, she said, “I am trying to understand some of these things, but I don’t see a reason for wanting to be miserable.”
Damn it, she thought after saying that. I doubt that was any help.
Mom did appear somewhat wounded and said, “Look, I know I can be difficult to be around when I’m like this, so I don’t require any reminders. I’m around me, too, you know. I asked your father to stay out a little while longer while I get hold of myself. Hey, do you think you could do something like that, too? In other words, do you have a friend who wouldn’t mind you spend the night? I can’t help but to think it would beat picking eggshells out from between your toes all weekend.” 
The verbal illustration prompted a smile from both of them and Nadine said, “You’re making me there, Mom.” The pressure release nearly warmed Nadine’s heart enough for her to offer sitting the kids while she escaped, and she would have if it wasn’t for other plans. “You know, I know someone who wouldn’t mind some company. I’ll have to prowl around and see if I have her number somewhere.”
“You don’t have her number in the memory of your phone? Isn’t that how everyone recalls important phone numbers these days?” Mom asked with a sardonic grin and then said, “Nadine, if you don’t have a cell phone despite your father’s objections, I would be rather surprised. You know I would.”
Nadine looked at her mother for an extended moment before developing her own grin and reaching into her pocket and pulling out the silenced phone. While she scrolled through the numbers to prompt Sam’s number (she didn’t want to make it look like it was the last number called), Mom said, “That’s my girl.”
Nadine looked at her mother and asked, “This is our little secret, right?”
Mom simply flashed a subtle wink.
What the hell, Nadine thought. She flipped open the little phone and dialed. “Hey there, Sam. Hey, I’m looking for a way to get out of here for the day, maybe all night, so do you think your folks would mind if you had some company?”
What Nadine heard was, “Somebody’s right there, right? Is it your folks? Hey Lover, look over to them and imagine telling them that I’m going to make your toes curl tonight. You go ahead; I’ll wait.”
Nadine didn’t have the strength to stifle the laugh, so she coped and said, “Yeah, I’ll watch your SpongeBob marathon, but it sounds like something your geeky brother would hang around for.”
“How are you going to get there, Nadine? Do you need a ride somewhere or can she pick you up?” Mom asked. 
“I heard that,” Sam said. “How about I pick you up at the mall.”
“She said if you can give me a ride to the mall, we’ll hang out there for a while and then go from there. Her Mom lets her use the car to go to the mall, but that’s about all.”

The mall was perhaps a twenty minute drive away, so it wasn’t too long of a trip. But there were stops and traffic signals along the way, so while she packed an overnight bag, Nadine thought through some questions Mom was sure to ask along the way. Nadine knew she’d have to be sharp so as to not rouse that woman’s suspicion and doubted she was sharp enough to keep the suspicion to zero.
After getting the overnight bag ready to go, Nadine decided to put together her school stuff and bring that along, too. If Mom was good with it, she might stay the weekend and go to school with Sam on Monday. It took a lot of Nadine’s resolve to not look anxious, and even somewhat frightened. After all, this could turn out to be one of the most memorable nights of her young life. 
Nadine stopped what she was doing, sat down and thought about that. Yes, this could truly be one of the most memorable nights of her young life. This could possibly be a night she relinquishes her virginity, and that’s a big deal. Sure, she’s had the remarkable toy for a while, so it wasn’t the mechanics of things that concerned her, but she certainly didn’t want it lost in some freakfest. Sam would need to know.
“If you help me pack up the kids in the car, we’ll be out of here that much faster,” Mom said just outside her door.
“I sure will, Mom. I just wanted to get my weekend bag put together and make sure I have all my school stuff put together.”
Once she felt sure she was set, she looked around the room another time just to see if there was anything she should have and doesn’t. She then gave another scan to consider if anything might be at risk should Mom desire to snoop. After all, if Mom pinged on the phone that fast, what else might she clue in on? What else does she know? Could the phone have been a lucky guess or did it bear her fingerprints? Mom was a lot of things and they weren’t all good, but she was not naïve. Once Nadine was satisfied she had her tees crossed, she opened the door to step out and help with the kids, quite startled to see Mom standing right there.
“Uh, hey.”
“Now, why would you bring your school bag? You certainly aren’t going to try bullshitting me with some notion you guys are going to work on schoolwork, are you? I’m already struggling with the SpongeBob thing, just so you know. I was a senior in high school, too, you know.”
“So, what suggestions might you have for two girls to pass the time on a weekend sleepover? How did you do it when you were my age?”
“I am not going to tell you.”
“Well, there you have it. I only wanted to bring the school stuff in the event you decided to have the weekend alone and I could go to school with Sam on Monday.”
“Is this Sam a Samantha?”
“As opposed to Samuel, who is the high school quarterback? Actually, her name is Samara.”
“If you were just a year younger, I would grill you for details.”
“Why not now?”
“Because you’re seventeen and you’re going to lie one way or another. I’m not going to grill you because I would roll my eyes and think you a hopeless nerd if I really thought you two were just going to watch cartoons. Just promise me you won’t get involved with any drunken, bizarre orgies, okay? I know how it goes with the boys your age.”
Well, shit. I can’t really make that promise, can I? Nadine thought fast and said, “Come on, Mom. First of all, this is Samara, not the ball team, and while Sam’s likely to smack on and on about her parents and little brother, cartoons could really be the night’s headliner. You sprung this on me all of a sudden, so I’m not sure I could schedule a drunken, bizarre orgy within the course of the afternoon.”
“Shit. Sure you could. You could easily have twenty people lined up within the hour. Come on and help me with the kids.”
As they walked down the corridor, Mom looked over her shoulder and said, “We both know that with your secret phone you could set up all kinds of nefarious things for this weekend; my hope is that you’ll be safe and keep your cool this weekend, okay?”
With a touch of semantic humor, she said, “I promise I’ll be just fine this weekend, Mom.”

The trip to the mall was almost creepy with too much silence. Nadine braced for a line of questioning more intense than what she endured at the house, particularly with her now being trapped in a moving vehicle. Mom just has to be somewhat curious as to what she’d be doing, right? That, or because she’s seventeen, Mom either finds it unfathomable that things would be innocent, or because she’s seventeen she’s too old to be worried about with just a sleepover. Nadine didn’t know one way or the other, but the silence was disturbing. 
“Do you have any cash or anything for something at the mall?”
“That’s actually a good question,” Nadine said as she started looking through her bag. I’m pretty sure I have a twenty in here somewhere. But I don’t think we’ll be at the mall all day.”
“You two could catch a movie or something.”
“We’ve seen all the Harry Potter and Twilight movies. What else is there?”
Mom just rolled her eyes to that. She pulled up near the mall entrance and stopped the car, and then said, “You look like you have your hands full, Nadine. Is this Samara on her way?”
“I doubt she’s here yet. If I asked her to be here at noon, she wouldn’t show up until well after one, anyway. I’ll just sit down in the food court and read my book for a while. I’m bound to run into someone I know from school, and you already know I can give Sam a call.”
“Okay. Well, have a good time. But just remember something for me; some regrets in life are easier to brush off than others.”
“Come on, Mom.”
“I’m just saying that you don’t want to do something you don’t want to do, and what you want to do needs to be up to you. I’ll see you when you get off the bus, sweetheart. I love you very much and hope to see you smiling on Monday.”
Nadine smiled. “I think I got it, Mom. I love you, too, and just so you know, you have the same assignment.”
A cloud passed over Mom and she said, “Yeah, we’ll see.”
Nadine closed the door after stepping out and Mom drove off with Gabby and Noni waving bye-bye from the back seat. Waving, she briefly thought about the fact that she wouldn’t see any of them again during her childhood years. The next time she saw them, she was sure, she would be a young woman. So for the first time in a long time, she took her mother’s advice to heart. 
She no sooner stepped into the mall’s entrance when Sam came into sight from around the corner near the jewelry store. Nadine was quickly glad her mother didn’t follow her in, because right there with Samara was Samuel, the school’s star quarterback. Nadine no sooner felt his eyes on her when she felt her pulse rate spike. She suddenly had an impulse to run, but kept it under her control. She was certainly anxious and somewhat frightened, but she wanted this. She just couldn’t decide if Samuel was a concern or a bonus. 
Sam came up to Nadine and with a close hug, said, “Hey there, Lover. So what are we doing?”
“I thought you’d have a few ideas”, Nadine said. She looked to the quarterback and said, “Hi, Samuel. So what’s up with you?”
“Hi, Nadine. I’m just looking forward to enjoying the weekend.”

Erin drove home quickly in order to avoid being spotted and mentally interrogated by who-knows-who. But she allowed herself a smile and giggle when it came to Nadine. She found her daughter rather intriguing, what with her doing well in school, being quite lovely without being overtly alluring, and not overly emotional and reminiscent of a drama queen. What Nadine was on so many levels was a young woman in the making. Erin couldn’t help but to wonder when Nadine’s first time would take place, if it hasn’t already. 
She’d never tell Nadine this (well, perhaps she would years from now, while the grandchildren are playing with the hand-downs), but she’s known about Nadine’s rather impressive sex toy for some time. The boys have long had their magazines and, these days, she supposed, the movies, and so it seems the young girls have certain electronics. Or at least she thought, since the word’s been out on what boys hid under their mattresses for generations, but girls likely keep better secrets. Erin wasn’t a prude, but she found the thing more intimidating than interesting. Well, so much for the concerns about Nadine’s developing sexual thoughts. Erin’s bigger thing was she hoped her daughter would be among the smarter girls who got what they desired without letting the world know about it. But hey, Nadine doesn’t get out of the house much for a girl her age.
“SpongeBob, my ass,” she giggled. 

Kevin’s thoughts about what Nadine might be doing and going through weren’t as easygoing as Erin’s; he chose to put it all out of his mind the best he could. He comforted himself with the thought that she’s a smart girl, a good girl, and certainly no longer a kid. Erin was likely right about one thing; Nadine does need to develop some more social skills. She’s smart, but not really street smart. Also, if she doesn’t experience her teens now, she’ll do so in spades during her twenties. He knew, as most do, the twenties are often far worse than the teens. He hated thinking of her innocence, but if she chooses to soon explore her sexuality, he hopes she does so on her terms. It’s a difficult and awkward time, even for the best of people. 
He found considering any of the subject subtly nightmarish, so he dismissed the thoughts and focused on the concerns of the moment. This wasn’t a difficult thing since there was something going on that he didn’t like. Kevin made phone calls, talked to several people and left messages with those he didn’t reach directly, and tried setting up interviews (that were mysteriously put off for as much as several days to two weeks). It appeared things were going rather stagnant regarding anything about Sheriff Kevin Sealy. If the mainstream media found the story boring and flat, that would be one thing. But the continuing saga of the Beckston story was all over the news, the papers, and has in fact become international news with plenty of coverage in Canada, partially because many of the girls were being trafficked through there. 
Kevin sat back and thought, So, what’s with the standoffishness from the news sources? Why can’t I even get someone to talk to me? Most would assume he would have a difficult time making his way to the bathroom without tripping over reporters, but all they’re doing is blowing him off. He has to set up appointments for interviews? Really?
“Hey Earl,” Kevin said over the phone, sounding exasperated. “I could really use another night if you don’t mind.”
“It isn’t the slightest problem,” Earl said. “Things at home worse than you first thought?”
“Well, Erin wanted another night home alone and even chased Nadine out of the house, but that’s not what’s on my mind. Earl, I’ve no doubt you’ve seen quite a bit of coverage regarding my situation, right? I mean, it’s been the big talk of the town, hasn’t it?”
“What? This story is the biggest thing to go on in this part of the state in a long time,” Earl said, sounding perplexed. “I don’t mean to sound bemused, but you sound bemused, as if this isn’t getting enough air time.”
“My concern is whether I’m going crazy, thinking the news is on this like green on grass when it really isn’t. But why would I think that? The answer is because I can’t set up a single interview with anyone, at any of the media outlets,” Kevin said. “I know this is a Saturday, but the news doesn’t stop for the weekends. I’ve been making call after call and get nothing but brushed off with nothing but tidbits about maybe an interview later in the week or perhaps next week sometime. I just don’t get it.”
Earl sounded incredulous. “No, that doesn’t make sense, does it. Kevin, what I’ve seen and heard on this story, and I’ve paid close attention mainly because I know you personally, is that the media has hesitated in making you out to be some sort of monster. They won’t give in to any possibility you’re innocent in anything and I’m not hearing anything regarding you might be a pawn in some sort of conspiracy, but it seems to me they will not draw some picture illustrating you covered in blood and holding torn out, tangled hair in your hands.”
“Well Jesus, Earl. I should be glad for that, shouldn’t I? Besides, I doubt they can be so leading without verifiable information. I know media bias is the standard these days, but I don’t think they’re just making things up yet.”
“But the point is that they, largely, can do just that. The media can and often does say whatever they want and get away with it unless challenged with a substantial defense. That’s one of the reasons I find the indifference odd. To be honest with you, I thought the hotel would be swarmed with media by now, so I’m surprised there hasn’t been anything,” Earl said. He paused for an extended moment and then said, “Kevin, is there some element of this case being overlooked? I know very little outside of my industry of choice, so I can’t imagine what might or might not be there. But it seems there’s a big hole in something difficult to define, probably because of what’s missing from it.”
Kevin went silent on the phone, thinking hard about the questions. He had to admit Earl highlighted a perspective he hitherto didn’t consider.
“Hello? Kevin, are you still there?”
“Uh, yeah, Earl,” Kevin finally said. “I apologize, but you might have touched on something I missed entirely. Now that I’m pondering on it, it’s just making me more confused. I don’t know if this is an aha moment or I’m just reaching, but there is another cop involved in all of this, and his name is almost never mentioned.”
“Oh,” Earl said. “Tell me the name and I’ll tell you if it sounds familiar.”
“His name is Larry, but he prefers to go by the name of Lawrence Stevenson.”

Nadine suspected things would be a whirlwind of emotions the instant she got into Samuel’s car, but she didn’t know just what she’d feel. She wanted to be cool and not look like she wasn’t with it, but she couldn’t help being nervous, self-conscious, and honestly, a touch frightened. She had to suppose the things people say were right; these moments were a lot like standing in line at a roller coaster. You know just what it is you’re getting into, but yet you’re somehow nervous anyway. You know things are fine and people do this all the time, but the nerves radiate with an ambient voltage set off by every little thing. 
“Okay, Lover,” Sam said as she leaned back over the passenger seat. “I need to know something one way or another. We’re having a little get-together this weekend, with enough guys and girls to go around. Do you want in on the festivities or are you on a fence? It’s all good either way.”
Nadine examined her nails while saying, “Yeah, I want to be there, but I’m still a little nervous.”
“You just imagine as though it’s you and that guy, but with an audience. Then, when you’re comfortable with the crowd, you invite them in. Pretty soon,” Sam giggled, “it’s the more the merrier.”
“But there’s a detail in all of this you’re not seeing, Samara,” Samuel said as he drove. He then looked into the rearview mirror at Nadine and said, “I thought she knew, Nadine, but I suppose not. Are you going to break the news or should I?’
Sam looked a bit puzzled and said, “What’s going on between you two?”
Nadine laughed and said, “It isn’t anything like that, Sammy. I just thought this was one of those things understood without being said, but…I’m still technically a virgin, Sam.”
“No, you’re not,” Sam said, now swung around in her seat completely. “You’re nowhere close to…oh, you’ve never had the real thing.” She placed her forehead on the seat headrest and said, “I never gave it a real thought, Lover. I must be as bad as my mother.”
“Your mother? How is that?”
“She’s always groaning about the condition of other people’s cars and stuff, wondering how people let things get so out of shape,” Sam said. “I have to inform this grown woman that it’s the New York winters, with the salt and so forth, taking their toll on things. What gets past her is that we have a garage, and Mom and Dad both are in the habit of rinsing down the cars before putting them in the garage.”
“Uh, okay,” Nadine said in a tone suggesting she wasn’t getting it.
“The part that gets past her is since she has a garage, everybody must have a garage. One would assume she wouldn’t forget some people have more than others, but I suppose the bliss of ignorance is rather cozy. Anyhoo, here I am making assumptions.”
Sam’s expression went serious and she said, “Lover, you can’t get involved in a group for your first time. It would be a mistake and even a deviant like me knows that.”
“I know it, as well,” Samuel said. “What I believe is that your first time, anyone’s first time, should be right. It should be right and good and just what you want because you only get one shot at it. My old man told me that if a person’s sex life starts right, it’s easier to keep it right. But if it starts wrong and keeps banking up the wrong stuff, it’s hard to get things back on the right track. I think part of what he was saying was that I should never force myself on anyone, but he knew such things weren’t something I’d do.”
“I don’t know how many people know this about me,” Samuel continued, “but I’m the youngest of five. I have four older sisters and the youngest of the four is five years older than me. There are about four or five years between all of us all the way to the first. Part of my point is they all recognized I wasn’t going to be some unpopular, lanky geek. I’m fit, told I’m very good looking, and I am the school’s quarterback, which I am good at.”
“Your sisters didn’t want their little brother being one of the thoughtless assholes like they knew when they were growing up,” Nadine assumed. “Is it something like that?”
He smiled and nodded. “They went out of their way, so much so that they kept it from the folks, to make sure I was always the gentleman and never a jerk with the girls. One of the reasons, according to my oldest sister, was because she thought I could be the first for a lot of girls and they’d be damned before the little brother of four sisters would develop the reputation of being a jerk. I think they were worried about their reputations more than mine, but there it is.”
He looked to Nadine and said, “Another point, Nadine, is that if you want, I would like to be your first. That is, if that’s something you’re looking for. I don’t want you thinking I’m coaxing or anything.”
Nadine smiled and said, “I’m the one who called Sam knowing full well what would be going on tonight. Do you know my mother told me I’m a big girl and that I need to get out more, but just don’t get involved in some sort of drunken orgy tonight?”
“You don’t have to get involved in that, Nadine,” Samuel said. “They can do their thing why we go to another room. Wow, I’m actually a little nervous about this.”
Samara looked puzzled and said, “Really? Why?”
“I’ve been with a number of girls over the past few years, and I’ve been the first with a few of them. But we’ve been dating, seeing each other,” he said, “so it was sort of understood. But this is somehow a little different. I mean, we’ve known each other for years, Nadine, but…”
“But you’re a popular jock and I’ve always been rather brainy and quiet.”
“I guess so. As for the two of you, I’ve known the two of you knew each other to some extent, but I just assumed it was like hallways buds or something.”
“That’s one of the reasons I wanted to get you to come over,” Sam said. “So we could get to know each other a little better. We’ve long been fond of one another, but usually just in the hallway. It’s just that I’m the bad girl and you’re the goody-goody. I don’t say that to offend.”
“No, you’re right, Sammy, and I don’t mind being the goody-goody most of the time,” Nadine said. She looked to Samuel and said, “As for you, Samuel, I do want you to be my first. After all, who better to have as my first than the little brother of a bunch of sisters who went out of their way to make sure their little brother got it right?”

Just when Nadine thought the banter in the car eased her nerves and made things easier, once she undid and dropped her clothes before him, she was a bundle of nerves all over again. Sammy was in one of the other rooms toking on a homemade bong and working with a frozen pizza. Nadine thought she would enjoy a vodka or two and maybe a toke before she did this with Samuel, but Sammy politely recommended against it. 
“If you start out with a buzz the first time, Lover, you can get to the point where you want some sort of buzz every time. That could spell out decades of chemical dependency and you don’t want that. Besides, it should be good enough for its own sake.”
Although she really wanted to do this, she was still quite nervous. She was rather impressed with what she saw with Samuel, but she had to consciously avoid chattering her teeth while she talked to him. “Wow. I should thank your sisters personally.”
“You don’t want to do that,” he said with a smile. “Their egos are healthy enough just the way they are.”
After saying that, he changed the subject and took control of the moment. He approached her, trembling or not, and pressed his body close to hers. He took her arms and placed them around his neck while he pulled her in close and began gently kissing on her neck. 
Between the easy kisses on her, he said, “Okay, no more talking now. I’m taking us through this until it’s done. I’ll let you know when that is.”
“Isn’t it when…” she was about to ask when she was silenced by his mouth to hers. 

Just less than two hours went by when they were at the point when they were just lying there, basking in the afterglow. While holding each other, Nadine felt Samuel dozing off but fighting the sleep. He didn’t want to fall asleep when he wanted to stay focused on her, but he couldn’t be more relaxed than that moment. Thinking of her, he caressed and touched her. If there was one thing she knew now that she was on the other side, it was one knew just what it would be like, yet had no idea what it would be like. 
It was just so right, she thought. She felt as if lying there naked with him, touching his muscular body and exploring all the contours, was exactly what it was all about. It was as if everything one does in life is in order to enjoy moments like these. Nadine has heard so many horror stories from some other girls about their first time, but she knew she’d never have such a horror story. 
This time with Samuel, with him exploring so much of her body along with him gently coaxing her to explore his, and all the touching they did while doing it over and over again, slowly, easily, and then sometimes quick and a little rough, too. Before long at all, she was comfortable with things and they tried different positions, and she found she so much enjoyed it all. 
“I don’t think I’m going to be worth much at the party tonight,” he said. 
His mentioning of the party made Nadine think of Sammy, out there by herself.
“Samuel?” she asked.
“Yeah.”
She kissed him hard and said, “Thanks so much for all of this. This went so much better than I thought it would, and I have you to thank for that. You’re a great guy and a fantastic lover, and you did well in making this about me.”
“My sisters told me,” he said trying to stifle a yawn, “that when it is her first time, it’s all about her.”
“Why don’t you take a nap, though, and recharge for later on,” she said. “I think I should go and give some attention to the hostess.”
“No, I should go out and…” he said while trying to get up. He paused and said, “Yeah, I’ll doze off and you two can enjoy each other’s company.”
Nadine stood up and by the time she was on her feet, Samuel was out. She looked around, realizing she had been completely transformed. Everything was the same before this, yet it was all so different. It was a brand new world, identical to the one she knew before. She looked out the window before leaving Samuel to his nap and saw a world so beautiful and full of so much peace and tranquility, bright with the late afternoon sun blazing down on the emerging autumn colors through a clean, brisk sky. 
She thought it was a good idea to take a shower before joining Sammy, which she quickly realized was a wonderful idea once she got it going; she had the scent and remnants of Samuel on her and needed only the memories. How funny it was that even the hot water felt so different, touching on her senses in ways she never thought of before. Even her own hands felt different as she washed, seeming as though they were something new to her. She was amused with herself to seem so giddy and naïve, but when she emerged from the shower and looked at herself in the mirror, she appeared so, well, different. 
The thought of that sunk into her and made her think of her mother. Would Mom be able to see the difference, or was it just the glow of how she spent the afternoon? Or, dear God, would Dad be able to notice? Nadine decided the present was not the time to worry about such things, so she toweled her hair dry and stepped out of the bathroom, grateful to find a cozy bathrobe on the back of the bathroom door. 
After stepping out of the bathroom in Sammy’s robe, she looked over Samuel as he slept, really noticing just how good looking he was. His athletic physique was certainly marvelous, there was no doubting that. He was a young man, lean and fit, and quite muscular. She assumed he weighed a bit over two hundred pounds, being a good sized guy without being an ogre. There was a slight spattering of hair on his chest but not too much, and it was well placed without being overabundant. Thankfully, his back was strong but smooth and she didn’t think he was shaving it. Despite her lack of experience, she thought she would’ve noticed that. 
It made her think back to Samara’s confession of her first time, which was with a high school senior when she was a sophomore. She admitted he was a hairy, hulking linebacker on the ball team, made up of a lot of beef under a thick hide. Sam said that despite his imposing appearance, he was really calm and a nice guy, but he was a bit rough in bed. She said that despite his trying to be caring, he was still somewhat a brute. 
Thinking of Sammy made Nadine realize she needed to leave the bedroom and show some graciousness to her hostess. She walked out to find Sam laid back on the couch, looking so relaxed. She looked as though she slept off a buzz and heavy lunch, with her eyes a bit puffy with grogginess. But even with that, she had a Nicholas Sparks book next to her, dog-eared and almost finished. The instant Sam saw her, she brightened a good hundred watts and jumped from the couch, and then took her by the hand and pulled her to the couch with her.
“Okay, Lover. I want to hear all about it.”
They talked and they laughed and they talked and laughed, and talked some more while sharing several hugs. Nadine enjoyed some of the pizza after Sammy reheated what was left. 
“I have to admit that I’m just a bit jealous of you, Lover,” Sam said. “I’ve never had Samuel alone before. But there’s a good reason for that. He’s always wanted to be for who he’s seeing and you don’t often see that in many guys these days. He’s a good enough guy to separate the physical fun of group play from actual lovemaking.”
Sam smiled coyly and said, “I didn’t tell you this before, but there was a reason he was your first.”
“Oh. I’m listening,” Nadine said.
“He thought it would be your first time and he was concerned that any other guy, particularly if you picked from the few that might show up later, wouldn’t show the level of concern and care you should have on your first time. He definitely didn’t want any group play to be where you started,” Sam said. “Hey, what he did here was a big deal. There might be those who’ll accuse him of taking advantage of the moment, but he was here out of concern for you, not out of getting the first try. But it doesn’t matter what anyone thinks because you will never forget this day or the difference he made.”
Nadine smiled wide and said, “You’re certainly right on that. But I would like to know something, Sam. You’re a smart girl, and Sam is a great guy with a good heart, in an Adonis’s body.”
“Whew! You got that right!”
“So, what’s with all the group play? I can tell you with confidence that I will not be a regular in these parties; my father is going through a lot of shit right now and he is still the county sheriff; or at least I think he is. I mean, if I start seeing Samuel, I think I would like more times like these, but what’s with the orgies? Is it letting loose or what?”
“While this may not explain everything, I’ve learned a lot of things about life from my folks. Not the orgies, but not being repressed in life. They are very happy people and enjoy a wonderful marriage. I also know they’ve been involved in the swinging scene for quite some time. Like I said, they don’t get involved in this sort of thing, but I know they’ve had other couples over for the night quite a lot. They make it a point to keep it to themselves and away from me, but I still know. But they’ve told me so many people in the world are so angry and repressed, and end up being such emotional wrecks. I know they pretend they don’t know what goes on at my parties, but they’ve raised me to be honest and open. So, as for this, I see it as being very, very honest and open.”
Sam continued on about her philosophies about life, and Nadine admitted to herself that, despite Sam’s odd ways of expressing herself, she loved being very expressive. She took to Samuel and his ways because he’s a strong team player and has a strong love and appreciation for family, and Nadine had to admit that, well, since they’re in their late teens, taking advantage of opportunities like this must seem to go with the demeanors they possess. Overall, she had to rethink some of the former opinions of Sammy she once held and decided she’d likely find great happiness in life, much like her parents. Those assumptions would soon prove to be very wrong, but for the moment they seemed so obvious. 
So, just who am I? Nadine wondered. She was enjoying herself now and thought she would enjoy a good sex life throughout the years, but she didn’t think it would be anything outside the normal parameters. Her parents were definitely different from Sam’s folks, but mostly happy nonetheless. So, what is it about her that makes her tick? She realized she still had so much to learn about herself. 
Her personal reflections were very much on her mind until she noticed two cars pulling up, with five people in each car quickly piling out. Ten people? What have I got myself into?
“Well, now. It looks like it’s time to get the party started,” Sam said. 

After the evening moved well into the night, Nadine had to admit to herself that she was quite impressed, and a little surprised, with everyone. She thought there would be crazy binge drinking and endless smoking, but for the most part, everyone was comfortable and kept it together. Sure, by the time it was midnight everyone had been with just about everyone and got really loose and pumped up with the refreshments, but soon chilled and fell out to regroup and enjoy one hell of an encore well into the next day. 
But there was a bit more going on than any of them knew about. Well before any of this weekend’s festivities began, someone, who was likely Sam’s father, had taken the time to install numerous digital cameras throughout the apartment. Discretion was supposed to be one of the primary rules revolving their revelry and occasional recordings, but there were others involved who found such notions far from the game plan. 
Nobody at the party had any idea of that, but they would before too much longer.

Chapter Eleven

Monday afternoon, when Nadine got off the bus and walked up their long driveway, she knew her little excursion was over. According to the vehicles in the driveway, Mom and Dad were both at home, which meant everyone, even the little ones, were home. Nadine doubted Gabriel and Innocent went to daycare, suspecting they likely won’t be doing so for a while. Mom was the sort who was far too touchy to let what was going on just go, and to Hell with what anyone else thought. Or, what other people thought was far too important to her. So important, in fact, that she revolved her life around the social atmosphere of the community. That might have been awesome at some point, but it has to be a bitch now, Nadine thought. 
Nadine believed that for her father, things had to be far worse. After all, this was his entire career dangling on a thin wire. Law enforcement was his chosen path and what he’s always done. That his reputation is being smeared is one thing, but the suspicion that his career is now over was a major concern for the family. Even if he’s proven innocent of all charges, he was still the man in charge. The captain going down with the ship.
While slowly walking up the driveway, her thoughts drifted back to her amazing weekend and she smiled. She noticed she was walking funny and trying not to; a funny that made her want to laugh, but a sense of propriety made her keep it to herself. So, this is the here and now and she would strive to be a part of this family, should they be up to it. The folks, if the recent past was an indicator, were surely down and likely agitated, but here’s the chance to treat the oldest child like more than a mere dependent. 
“So, how did it go?” was what she received the instant she walked through the door. 
“It was a nice time, Mom,” Nadine said. “A lot like I thought it would go. How are things around here?”
It would be close to another hour before Jeremy’s bus arrived, and the little ones were playing in the living room. Innocent was playing nicely in the baby jail (the baby corral that Gabriel hated fiercely, but Noni enjoyed) and Gabriel was blankly watching a Teletubbies DVD while swinging in his swing. 
“Other than all of us being shut in and shut out, not too bad,” Mom said, indicating how the tone of the evening would go. 
“In all honesty, Mom, I wish I knew something helpful to say,” she said, meaning it. “This entire thing has been wrong on so many levels. I just hope the bastards truly responsible for all of this pay for what they’ve done. Those girls suffered so much, but what about their families? What about their families now, after finding out what happened. What about all the families who now know what went on, but don’t know where their daughters are?”
She closed the door behind her and said, “What’s happened to us doesn’t come across as being as bad, but there is still what happened to our community. I know this is what it is on us, but for those who only heard of it, so many of them never had a clue these things were going on. A lot of the kids I know in school had no idea things like this went on in the world. All these years, we learned in History classes that slavery was abolished well over a century ago, but that wasn’t true at all. Now we’re learning that it’s worse than it has ever been. And for what?”

Kevin overheard what Nadine was saying as she came in, and he realized how much he appreciated her point of view. After leaving the house on Friday night (uh, you were thrown out, there buddy) he steeled himself for a hell of a fight, ready to take on all accusers and put them in their place. After all, he’s already manned up to admit he screwed up in not knowing what was going on, but he did not do anything criminal, so he won’t accept being labeled as one.
But he also knew he had to accept that he was not alone. This dilemma would likely take down his law enforcement career, but he was far from the only one enduring the damage. What all these kids now have to accept in their world is such awful bullshit, let alone what those poor South American girls were forced to endure. He did have a difficult time in understanding what Erin had to put up with, but her pain was a fair complaint. Her life has been irrevocably changed, too, and it wasn’t through anything she’s done. It was only through her proximity to him that things went sour for her. And wow, did they do that. 
Every cop’s wife has to know that life is sure to know at least occasional hardship and misery. Her husband could end up shot, maimed or even killed, or simply shot and grazed. Just the dressing on a minor wound could cause her stress level to soar. He could be hit by a speeding car or lose control of his speeding car. There are a plethora of ways the imagination could conjure up scenarios leading to her seeing her husband going down in flames…but through shame and dishonor has to be the worst among them. That’s because she too will feel the loss and pain if he dies in the line of duty, but if he does, she’ll have the pride and honor of knowing he went down while fighting the good fight. But if she sees him go down in shame, there’s nothing to hold onto.
Kevin knows all of this, but he’s seen enough go on to know collateral damage is a part of life; part of his job as a cop is to minimize it. Cops respond to calls of criminal action; if they were called in to prevent crimes before the occurred, they wouldn’t be cops but superheroes. So, he’s going to continue responding to all of this like a good cop should. There are a lot of criminals out there who know the cop world, and plenty of them know how to work their way around it. He’d be even angrier about things if the crimes were perpetrated by the local convenience shop owners, because as a cop he has to have his finger on the pulse of everything taking place on his beat. But it was cops keeping his finger from reading that pulse, and they were cops who knew exactly what they were doing. 
He’s been dismissed and led off by the media, but the attitude conveyed by Nadine renewed his vigor even more than Erin’s expressions. He picked up his phone and scanned through the saved numbers. He has just about every media resource spread through four counties saved into his phone now that he’s been in such constant contact with them. He scanned through, deciding which source he would try calling again. He felt steeled up yet again and decided to call and call and call and call again if that’s what it took. He even entertained the notion of going down there directly and becoming a nuisance until they felt forced to call whatever cops were left to get rid…
…of him. That would be making them an offer the bastards couldn’t refuse, now wouldn’t it! He stood up, angry at himself for being so damned wishy-washy, but now that the notion was in his head, he wasn’t going to let it go. 
He looked at his watch and thought, hey, it’s still just mid-afternoon on a Monday and Jeremy’s bus isn’t even here yet. I’ve got plenty of time. Every one of the stations and newspaper companies were sure to be crawling with reporters. Kevin was no longer engulfed in breaking news and he didn’t have anything new to offer, but there’s no denying the fact that the abattoir plants as well as the Human Trafficking scandals were still topical enough to continue making the papers and news reports. He started thinking they might have ended communication because he’s come across as a whining incompetent begging for hugs while happening to be the big hole in the most sizzling story in the region since the prior governor’s scandalous sexcapades. 
“Kevin, just what are you doing? You’re not actually going anywhere, are you?” Erin asked while standing in the hallway from the kitchen and actually holding a spatula. It was almost a comical scene, with that woman definitely not being a domestic goddess. 
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, but something’s just come to mind that I need to take care of now. I won’t be gone long, I don’t think, so set aside a plate for me. But I want to get on this before the morning so I know what to do from here.”
“Get on what?” she asked, moving a hand to a hip. “In case you’re forgetting something, this could likely wait until tomorrow. You know, you’re about as much of this thing as anyone, no offense.”
“None taken. I know all of that and it might be why I’ve gone at this all wrong. Also, it’s just like Nadine said; this is about a lot more people than just us and those poor girls. I’m not going anywhere to get my story told so much as I want to know why it isn’t.”
“But Kevin, do you really need to do this right now? I’m not just talking about dinner, but also who you might actually be able to talk to at this time of day. I’m failing to see what it is you’re after,” Erin said.
“I’m after some simple but specific answers, like I would be with any case,” he said. “And there’s a case within this case; I can taste it in the air. I mean, my name is associated with several stories a day, and not just locally. The entire thing is what it is and everyone knows it, but yet they don’t want to even talk to me? Erin, if a local restaurant is mopping floors with dirty mops, ninja reporters are on it like hair on a dog. So, rather than me pushing to get my side of the story told, I want to know why they don’t want it.”
Then, just before he stepped out the door, he said, “Besides, I want to read some expressions when I mention the name Lawrence Stevenson again.”

By the time Kevin showed up at the WRJD studios building, their star anchors were reading off the news with their famous verve and subtle character. Various stories were being read off the Teleprompters while he waited in the lobby, including yet another story mentioning him and the other local officers as well as stories calling for delicate paranoia, with a story for the evening edition detailing how the whole milk you drink can kill you. 
But what he found quite interesting was how the receptionist was more than a little uncomfortable with him being there, particularly when the story involving him was told. In fact, her discomfort was so marked that it bordered on the humorous. But Kevin wasn’t laughing; he wanted to know just what it was that was bothering her.
“My dear, you look rather uncomfortable. Is something bothering you?” he asked, aiming for center mass.
Getting to the point seemed to help, because she said, “No, no, I’m not. I mean yes, I’m not…well, just a bit uneasy. It’s just that this whole thing has me rather troubled.”
“Is it me and my reported involvement in things, or how it’s possible I’m stonewalling to protect myself? I know that some of the stories have made me out to be a nasty guy.”
“Look. They’re going to be coming out here, so I don’t want to get caught up in sharing any information with you, but I voted for you so I will tell you this. I’ve seen several authority figures I believe are FBI coming in and out of here, telling them how these stories are going to play out,” she said. “I’ve also heard some talk between some of the reporters that this has been the case almost since this thing started. So, rather than having anchors and reporters investigating and reporting what they’ve found, we have a veritable platoon of puppet masters dictating how things are going to go.”
“Why is that getting so much cooperation?” he asked. “One would think they’d rebuff that at once. The media often enjoys a good fight with the authorities, often standing on Constitutional grounds.” 
“That I don’t know. But the buzz has it that somebody somewhere is pulling the strings,” she said, showing she clearly wanted to end this conversation quickly. “I don’t know much more than that since they rarely talk to me. I’m just the ignorant receptionist. The only reason I know what I do is because they think I’m so dumb that I can’t understand English without direct eye contact. But you should know people whisper that they think you’re being railroaded.”
“You mean the staff is saying that?”
“They do, but a lot of viewers call, write and send emails, indicating they feel the same thing. But whatever the rub is surrounding this, there is someone out there who is not on your side, and it isn’t because they think you scourge little girls.”

Kevin made it clear that he isn’t leaving until he talks to someone. His insistence paid off, since within a few minutes of talking to the receptionist, a fairly new member of the staff named Jason Morgan came into the lobby.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Sealy. Is there something I can do for you?”
It chafed at Kevin a little that he didn’t refer to him as Sheriff, but the present wasn’t the time for such a standoff. There was still a proverbial gun pointed at him, so it was time to be a little smarter than tougher. Smarter meant knowing what to do with this little upstart they sent out to speak with him rather than an experienced reporter with genuine clout.
Jason Morgan has been covering stories of less-than-pertinent status, such as introducing another reporter’s coverage of dirty mops or allegations of abuse at a boarding kennel. He’s seen for a few seconds at a time and then dismissed to make way for someone far more qualified reporting mops due retirement or printer cartridges that retire too soon. The young man might be as old as twenty-five, so he is doing well at whatever it is one must do to break into this bizarre industry of his choice. He’s traveling to locations on the company’s dime and being seen on camera while telling his bit part of the story. The likely scenario of Jason’s situation is he’s waiting for the boss to decide to like him enough to get a worthy story of his own he can place on the boss’s desk. 
Kevin quickly recognized Jason was just the man to talk to on this slow news night, when all there was to report was a bit more about the allegedly corrupt sheriff, low-volume ink cartridges, and the suspicious rise in the popularity of customized tail lights. He came to his feet and with a smile and firm handshake, he said, “Yes, there is, Mr. Morgan. I would like about six hours of your time, perhaps a little more. But first, how about you? Do you have the time to talk because all the local restaurants got the hint that they need new mops and there aren’t any more cats stuck in the trees? I’d love to talk, say, in your office, if you actually have one. Otherwise I’d be happy to treat you to a sundae in the cafeteria.”
Kevin’s demeanor to Morgan was less attitude and more strategy, although he knew he was on the brink of chasing the guy away. But this isn’t about just getting the chance to talk to someone; this is more about finding some answers of why the local media is taking some sort of celebrity position and he’s just another annoying fan.
“While you certainly talk a tempting game, Sheriff, I’m not sure if I know what the game is,” Morgan said, looking pushed. 
“How odd you put it that way, since I don’t know what the game is, either. Finding out what the game is all about is why I stopped by today, since I don’t know how else to find out. But that in itself is an odd game, isn’t it? After all, here I am, one of the most respected and popular sheriffs to wear the badge for this county in quite some time, suddenly disgraced by a scandal of international proportions, with crimes ranging from conspiracy to Human Trafficking, and much, much more. Beyond that, they’re still letting me run around free to claim my innocence and ignorance of everything my officers were doing around me,” Kevin said, letting it all pour out. “Wouldn’t you say that’s the general story? That seems to cover what’s read in the papers and seen on the TV news. Hell, even the goddamned BBC is telling it like that.
“But then, that’s only a part of the story. Another part is that I was given about a moment to give my perspective before I was openly attacked with more unverifiable information, leaving me shut out entirely. It isn’t like I’m hounding you guys with bizarre reports of UFO’s, you know.
“I can say an odd game is that I’m not hounded by the media wherever I go. One might think I’d be surrounded by more reporters than Kim Kardashian would have when she’s spotted with a handful of shopping bags. So, I’m glad to talk to you, Mr. Morgan, that is if you’re not busy running down a story of someone’s escaped pet parrot or yet another ignorant tourist running amok with a spell book and wreaking havoc. So, how about that sundae?”
“Sheriff Sealy, I know I shouldn’t smoke, particularly with the cost of cigarettes these days, but I picked up the habit from virtually every adult I knew when I was a kid,” Jason said. “So, I’m going outside to have a quick smoke. If you like, we can talk while I pound another coffin nail.”
Kevin saw his point hit home and he’d be glad to find out more from this budding reporter. And since they’re going outside, perhaps some things might be off the record. Kevin looked over to the receptionist to nod goodbye, but he saw she was looking away with an expression akin to severe constipation, she was so uncomfortable. She was yet one more mysterious piece of this puzzle.
He followed Jason through the revolving door, something which Kevin found to be among the world’s most annoying inventions, and outside. Just outside the foyer, there was a narrow sidewalk of faux cobblestone leading alongside the building but on the building’s side of the shrubbery. So it appears this is yet another place in the world where smokers are shamed into kicking the habit by being hidden from the public. About twenty paces in there was a small concrete picnic bench with two old tin coffee cans turned into ashtrays on the table. By the wall of the building there was another ashtray that looked like a big, ugly version of Jeannie’s bottle. 
It was odd that Jason smoked, him being a young and good-looking fellow sticking himself in a secluded spot to pursue what, in the state of New York, was a very expensive habit. People pay more for a pack of smokes these days than Kevin’s parents spent for a night on the town back when they were dating. While this appeared to be a nice spot to talk privately, Jason actually did retrieve a pack of Winston’s from his pocket.
He placed a cigarette between his lips and lit it with a lighter looking like it cost more than a set of tires, and then said, “Sheriff, you’re not really going to come all this way to tell me you don’t know how deep the FBI is in this, are you? You didn’t know that a significant percentage of your subordinate officers were part of an international human smuggling scandal, and now you don’t know that the FBI has a major gag order paired with scripted press releases issued to every aspect of the media within the continental northeast? Is that what I’m supposed to get out of this? You know, right now I might not do more than report on dirty mops and questionable used car lots, but I’m in what one might call the entry-level position in my industry of choice. Also, I know what I’m doing and this reflects positively on the people to whom I report. So, how about you, who you point out was once one of the most respected sheriffs in the area?”
Kevin just sat down. The concrete bench was surprisingly cold on his backside even through his jeans, which is likely why Jason chose to stand and lean against the building rather than park while wearing those thin, khaki trousers. Sitting there, he felt his anger rise as he yet again discovered rudely that he’s still kept in the dark by those he once would’ve been able to trust. The thought enflamed him, but he felt stress-induced fatigue roll over him, too. 
Kevin said, “Jason, when those officers were doing what they were doing before getting busted, I didn’t have the first clue of their illegal actions because they are cops who know how to cover their tracks. If this crime was being done by a bunch of reporters out of this building, it wouldn’t have been able to run so efficiently without law enforcement getting wind of it. Many of those officers came to this county with impressive resumes and letters of reference, just like I once did. Because they know how the system works, they know how to manipulate it to their advantage.
“If you reporters were doing this, you’d need to avoid a lot of inquisitive eyes. But because this was done by officers betraying their badges, all their inquisitive eyes were focused on not getting caught. The point is they intentionally kept me out of the loop. It wasn’t as if I was on the golf course all day.”
“So, you claim these officers got away with running a major sex slave smuggling ring through this largely rural county because they knew how to shield their actions from the one big, bad wolf who could blow their house down. Is that a fair assessment?” Jason asked after a four-line drag from his cigarette.
“Yeah, that sounds right.”
“So, how did they get caught, exactly?”
Kevin blinked. He looked past the reflections he saw in the exterior windows and felt something like fatigue working through him, but it wasn’t fatigue and it didn’t wear him down. He felt the weight but not the weariness because he didn’t have an answer to that question. Up to this point, he thought the FBI caught wind of the crimes, likely through a part of the ring operating elsewhere and leading them to this location, but all Kevin had was the small smidges of information Larry was willing to share. 
Kevin offered, “The ring was broken up by the FBI, at least as far as I know. I came into work the first morning I was back from a family vacation only to answer a call from Agent Stevenson. He was the one who asked me to meet him at the Beckston abattoir plant location, and when I got there, they were rounding up officers and assisting the victims. Things were quite the melee when I arrived, so how they got to that point I don’t know, partly because I was relieved of my duties a short time later. And because I was considered suspicious and all that, I wasn’t provided many details about the case, even though they thought my children might have more information than me.”
“But you do know the FBI jumped into it with both feet and then booted you right out. Other than that, you know you’ve been relieved, and that’s about it.”
“Yeah, that about wraps it up.”
“Throughout this ordeal, we know several suspects, many of which have been your former officers, have been telling various stories and that some of these tales implicate you in many of the crimes. Yet, they somehow don’t have enough information to place you under arrest. They were virtually up to their necks in this and have spoken to numerous victims and suspects, yet somehow don’t have enough information to ascertain your level of involvement and therefore guilt. One would think at least some of the victims would be able to identify you, but I’m not a law enforcement officer,” Jason said while crushing out his smoke. 
Jason brushed the ashes from his fingertips and said, “While this lack of definite information continues, your position went from an innocent but duped county sheriff who was veered from the crimes by dirty cops to a shut-out officer whose guilt is questionable, yet there is still not enough information to warrant an arrest, even this far into this. How am I doing so far?”
“I think your investigative skills are showing.”
Jason patted his chest and said, “But I don’t see any mystery here. The more of this case that we’re aware of here despite your being outside the loop is that the FBI has been dictating this story to the press just the way they like it, based on their ongoing investigation and their need for the ongoing cooperation of the media in the spirit of preventing the tipping of the investigation’s hand. And that is supposedly because we don’t know who might be looking at it. This Agent Stevenson you mentioned has made it quite clear that there may be an element of criminal activity watching close, so we have to be careful with what’s reported.”
Kevin’s eyes narrowed and he said, “I presume that’s supposed to have something to do with me.”
“Actually, as far as anyone can tell, not at all,” Jason said. “But because interviewing you doesn’t come up in the script, you’re being largely ignored. What’s reported is done so because Stevenson and his people say so. They rushed in here just like they did every other media outlet, flashing badges and quoting legal and patriotic scripture, informing us that not only do we have Constitutional rights but also a responsibility to the public. For the love of God, people; innocent girls have been sold like they’re nothing but livestock. They’ve even been held captive at a meat processing plant, just in case the story isn’t heinous enough without the irony. We need your help. The country needs your help. For the love of all that is good and kind under the eyes of God, all of humanity needs your help.
“But it also means that until Sheriff Kevin Sealy factors in, and we don’t think he does, he is to be minimized. Because he can’t be dismissed entirely, they said, cause a little distraction by drizzling some suspicion over him and dish that out to the public. Unfounded claims can be easily retracted with apologies later and it’ll divert plenty of attention from the bigger picture, which law enforcement needs.”
“I didn’t know any of that and I still don’t get it,” Kevin said.
“What I don’t quite get, Sheriff, and what troubles me is that your officers steered you away from their illegal activities, mainly because you weren’t on their rather large and well orchestrated team. You see, I am a journalist who grew up in a family full of cops, and in my eyes I’ve seen this exact dance being danced before, but this time by a higher echelon. The reason I say that is because they have the local media, all of it, quite spooked and attentive. Nobody knows what they can do or say now that we’ve been immersed in some major human tragedy in this post-9/11 world, yet the authorities cozy up to the media in various other ways. The way I see it, they’ve succeeded in both intimidating and confiding in the local media, and they’re using your recognizable image as a smoke screen. But a smoke screen for what?”
The added weight was easing as Kevin said, “Yeah. For what, indeed.”
“Sheriff, I don’t know if you came down here today thinking you could schmooze or muscle your way in, but I can tell you it isn’t happening,” Jason said while lighting another cigarette. “But I’m glad I had the chance to talk to you, mainly because I come from that background of cops. My grandfather, father, and all of my uncles were New York City officers. My two brothers and sister are cops, but I ended up being the odd one out by pursuing this. I wasn’t openly shunned like you’ve been, but I was less than politely dismissed and made uncomfortable enough to leave the place where I was born and raised. But I still love cops.”
“I am glad I talked to you, Jason, and no hard feelings about the sundae thing? It sounds as though running into you was a twist of fate.”
“We’re good, Sheriff; I get the tactic. I wish you luck, but I don’t know what else I can do for you. But I can say I think you’re up against more than an exposed transit line for sex slave peddlers. I smell a rat, but I can’t tell exactly where I smell it. But I can tell you with confidence that whenever Larry is around, the smell is at its strongest.”

Erin’s gloom was compounding. She thought the weekend of being home alone with her thoughts would help her gain some perspective, but it turned out to be what she should have been afraid of. So she sat across from Nadine, her first little girl, at the kitchen table, with her clearly not being a little girl anymore. While Nadine was clearly happy with her weekend, what with the way she looked, walked, talked, and verily radiated, there was something about this weekend making it a big deal. 
Historic, even.
All of that just might be fine, a good thing, really, if all things were equal. But things were far from equal these days, and Erin feared there was an aspect of Nadine’s weekend that disregarded proper discretion. These are high schoolers, for Christ’s sake. Teens and discretion mix like chlorine and bleach.
Erin wasn’t after details (well, perhaps she might entertain laughable details later, such as when Nadine visits with the grandkids), but she appreciated the philosophy of what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. She hoped her daughter and her friends did, too.
Nadine was enjoying a plateful of what Kevin was supposed to be enjoying, but yet again he wasn’t at home. It wasn’t so much a problem of him not being home (he’d likely just get on her nerves, anyway) but the situation of her not knowing what he was doing or who he was talking to while he was out made it difficult for Erin. And he certainly has made things more difficult. There was a time, very recently, when Kevin was still sheriff of the people of this county, even shortly after the lurid discoveries at the abattoir plants. But since then, all he’s managed to do is screw things up and become the community’s number one pariah. There was no way for Erin to know what level of damage Kevin was causing right that very moment, but she was sure it was hefty. 
She looked to Nadine with a need to think of things other than Kevin. “So, you said your weekend went nicely?”
“It was okay, Mom. How was yours? You wanted some peace and quiet with your thoughts. Was it what the doctor would have ordered?”
Not in the slightest was what Erin wanted to say, but she said, “There was certainly a lot of peace and quiet. Even Noni and Gabby made things easy. But peace and quiet are not necessarily what I need in life. I had all I needed in life before all of this craziness moved in. Your father was right on at least one aspect of all of this, and so weren’t you; this tragedy has affected a lot of people in so many different ways. You know I’ve been doing a lot of digging on the internet and I’ve found there are places around the world where these sorts of things are a normal part of life. I just can’t imagine how such things end up categorized as normal in any way. It just isn’t the world I thought I lived in.”
Erin paused for a moment to organize her thoughts and said, “I honestly thought I lived in a world where there were pockets of inhumanity while most everyone else tried moving towards a better place. Instead, I’ve found out that much of the situation is quite the opposite and we as Americans, have been rather isolated. While we’ve enjoyed our charity breakfasts, summer fairs and ice cream socials after informing caterers of the shades of colors expected within the flower arrangements along with the range of coffees and teas to choose from, mothers around the world looked into the eyes of their innocent children wondering how much longer they could enjoy the luxury of it. 
“I’m not so naïve as to think everyone had it similarly to the way we have it here, but I did think the typical middle-class family was typical.”
“But it still is, isn’t it?” Nadine said, giving more attention to her mother’s venting than usual.
“Unfortunately the world is getting smaller and smaller and we’re being forced to accept what the rest of the world sees as normal. We can only hope our normalcy reigns supreme. But I’ve somehow wandered off the subject. So, this Sam friend of yours; she’s a nice girl?”
“Wow, I actually found out a lot more about Sam during this weekend than I ever guessed was there,” Nadine said, not lying at all. “We’ve always got along and liked each other, but we haven’t ever had more than a few minutes at a time before now, and I found out she’s more attuned to the world and her future than I first gave her credit for. She has a lot of plans and some good ideas on how to carry them through. She also has a better idea of who she is as a person than most people our age. I suppose that’s why we ended up talking about a lot of these current events like we did.”
Nadine continued before her mother could respond. “The fact that Dad is center-stage is one thing, but you’re so right on how this episode opened the eyes of a lot of people, like Sam’s parents, regarding what goes on in the world. We once lived in a world where we thought slavery was abolished long ago, only to find out it’s more common today than ever before. So much for all the history lessons. But yeah, Sammy is pretty cool.”
“Good. And what about the boy you spent a good deal of time with over the weekend?”
That was the ticket. That right there was the expression Erin hunted. Nadine is a very smart young lady, quite capable of holding her end of the conversation, demonstrating to her peers that words like umm, like and you know don’t have to be included in every sentence. But she has yet to develop the character necessary to hide the fact that a guy who must have left quite the impression was part of the weekend’s equation. Thinking on that, Erin hoped Nadine didn’t develop such skills anytime soon. 
Before Nadine had the chance to counter, Erin said, “Nadine, it’s all over you like the day’s sunshine. Sorry, honey, but this is just one of those things you can’t hide. After it was said and done, the entire world looked just a little different, isn’t that right? Well, everyone else who is a part of that other world can see that in you.”
Erin knew she was doing more fishing and guessing than suspecting, but Nadine’s expressions were quite telling. “I’m not asking for sordid details, Nadine. Your father and I can easily tell that you’re okay.”
“Oh, God. Dad knows, too?’
“Gotcha.”
Nadine’s eyes narrowed. So before she could throw up some wall of defense, Erin said, “Now, cool your jets a second. My only concern is that you thought things through. I am your mother, but I’m also a woman, too, so I am on your side here. I just want to know that you had your tees crossed. That’s all.”
“Okay, since you’re on my side,” Nadine said, “I’m not pregnant, I don’t have any diseases, and we didn’t make any movies. Nobody’s talking, except for me, apparently, and nobody made me do anything I didn’t want to do.”
“Okay, then. We’re good. So, were things what you hoped they would be?”
Erin watched her daughter close and then had to laugh. “Wow, he must really be something to elicit an expression like that. It was the high school quarterback, wasn’t it.”
Nadine’s mouth simply fell open. Then, just before she could respond, Erin laughed even louder and said, “It really was the quarterback? I was touching on a cliché, but it really was? Ha! Thanks for the laughs and the smiles, sweetheart; I almost forgot what it felt like. So, what is his name and we can let this go.”
“His name is Samuel.”
Erin suddenly jumped to her feet. “You spent the entire goddamned weekend with him when I thought you were with someone named Samantha? You’ve been blatantly lying about the entire weekend?”
Now it was Nadine’s turn to laugh. “Whoa, whoa now,” she said, putting up her hands. “Cool your jets a second, Mom. I spent the weekend with Samara. The girl I’ve been talking about, Sam, is Samara, not Samantha. But Samuel did stop by. I wasn’t lying about it, Mom. I simply wanted to keep the sex thing to myself, although I didn’t know it was all over me, like you…oh, but that’s an awful picture.”
Instantly, the both of them were laughing. 

Jeremy watched from the far side of the house, glad to see there was happiness back in the home. Mom’s been so sad and the sadness has been very dark within her. But now, Mom and Nadine were both laughing and enjoying each other’s company in the kitchen while the little ones played quietly in the living room. They appeared to be getting along well without whacking each other with the heaviest toys they could lift and it all made things very nice. Mom and Nadine almost looked like things were coming apart for a moment there, but they worked it out fast and were both soon laughing. He wanted to get in on the action and be a part of the happiness, but since he wasn’t sure what it was they were talking about, he decided to leave it alone. 
For the time being, it was good enough to see everyone was happier than they’ve been and that was good enough. Jeremy then noticed his father’s absence, and he hoped that wherever he was, he was finding his way to better happiness, too.

Kevin was getting more and more pissed off with every passing second. Because he’s been so focused on defending his good name and reputation, he’s primarily focused on communicating with the media and communicated with the FBI (well, Larry) very rarely, and not in some time. He really hasn’t been in touch with the authorities, has he? He pondered on that for a healthy moment and it occurred to him that he was cut off from his job, position and career so quickly that it felt as though he went airborne out of a plane and hit the ground running in the Twilight Zone, seemingly in a matter of minutes. Once upon a time, he was the sheriff and the cop in charge. His world was good and free of cruel slavery against the innocent, and his trust in his officers was unblemished. Then, all of a sudden, everything changed. And just who was there to escort the bad world in with a smug look on his face? 
Kevin brought up the number and hit SEND.
“This is Lawrence Stevenson.”
“Hello there, Larry, you cocksucking bag of dog shit. I thought I might have a word or two with you when you have a moment. I promise I won’t kick you right in the balls the instant I see you, but then, my word just isn’t very trustworthy, now is it?”
“Sealy, this is hardly the language and tone becoming of an officer of the law, regardless of status, and it certainly isn’t conducive to a civilized discussion,” Larry said. “If you desire to continue with this conversation, it might behoove you to demonstrate some professional courtesy, or is that something beyond your level of character?”
“Well, I suppose I’ve been put in my place by you yet again, Larry.”
“The name is Lawrence. If it helps, you can refer to me as Agent Stevenson.”
“Oh, is that so? You know what, Larry? The more the notion of appropriate language and professional courtesy comes to mind, the more I find you a pathetic disappointment. Actually, let’s cut out the bullshit, you simpering bitch, because I know you’ve been slandering me and likely from the very beginning,” Kevin said, feeling his anger bubble up. “I don’t mean you or your office viewing me as some sort of potential suspect; I am talking about you openly labeling me as some sort of monster, and all under the guise of some bullshit national security issue. Really, you asshole? Really?”
Kevin didn’t want to tip his hand anymore than he just did. If his anger wasn’t so ripe, he probably wouldn’t have this much. He often found TV shows so bizarre when a character is holding a bunch of evidence against another and told them what they had, all while under the most vulnerable of circumstances. Didn’t any of those Hollywood goofs ever see how transparent that looks? And then there’s the notion of the hesitant hero going on how those who are pushing him to do something momentous are wasting their time because he’s never going to get involved, but within minutes always does. Well, Kevin didn’t want to take everything he’s learned and dangle it in front of Larry’s face. After all, Larry still has the upper hand. 
But sometimes when a chess game gets stagnant, it might be a good idea to sacrifice a piece in order to get the game moving. He didn’t want to say too much without being sure (and Kevin knew he wasn’t sure of much) but he wanted Larry to know Kevin Sealy does not hide under his bed.
“Do I need to remind you that you’ve been relieved of your duties? What you’ve said to me thus far indicates you’ve been doing some sort of investigation, sir, and that could very well place you under even a darker cloud of suspicion.”
Kevin wasn’t about to let Larry get away with that line of drivel. “You know, after you’re done kissing my ass, Larry, why don’t you consider how pathetic that sounds. Have I been curious as to why I’m facing so many evil eyes? Yeah, you bet. But I didn’t call you to inform you I’m defending myself, because it should be obvious. I called because you’ve been smearing me when I believe you’re as confident of my innocence as I am.”
“I have no reason to be confident in any such thing, and the name is Lawrence.”
“I think you do, Larry. I believe with everything within me that you know I didn’t have anything to do with this shit. That’s one of the reasons I find it so interesting that you want to stick my name on it. I’m watching you, Larry, and I am not the only one. But hey, you have a wonderful night.”
After ending the call, Kevin thought about what was said. While he didn’t want to make any actual threats, he wanted the bastard to know he wasn’t going to be backed into a corner. He also wanted to fish around in Larry’s little pond and see what he might bite. Unfortunately, Larry nibbled at almost nothing at all and still has the upper hand. He had to hand it to Larry’s penchant for sticking to his guns. 

After the call was ended, Lawrence realized he underestimated Sealy’s tenacity a little more than he should have, although he knew it was unlikely it’d matter anymore. That was because Sealy was right in that things are not what they seemed, but then missing out on what’s really going on seems to be Sealy’s MO. So far, the only thing he’s really accomplished in his digging is a couple of the right questions and the wherewithal to ask them. Well, okay then.
There were a number of things Lawrence didn’t like when it comes to what’s happening to this county sheriff. They were minor things, but there nonetheless. The man once possessed a good reputation and a career worthy of it, along with the potential to keep climbing the ladder of opportunity. He’s been known to handle well some unique situations in the past, and how he did it was what made the difference. Maybe that’s why he clued into this situation is a lot more than a few bad cops on the take. But then, people who fall into the category of collateral damage are almost always good and innocent. 
But Lawrence was among those who found a bitter taste in his mouth when it came to collateral damage, which is one of the reasons he moved from the CIA to the FBI. He often preferred sending in snipers rather than bomber squadrons, mainly because bombing was costly and messy, requiring cleaning up along with more manipulation of the media (something he both liked and hated at the same time) that often led to even more collateral damage.
So, thank you very much for the phone call, Sealy. It made it quite clear the situation requires some acceleration. 
But what exactly should be done? When it came to the issue of Human Trafficking, there were numerous elements of it making it necessary to keep it off the public radar, but this Podunk sheriff just had to drag it out, publicizing statistics and instilling fear in the hearts and minds of the people who are supposed to be sheltered from such discomforts of the world. After all, this is the United States of America, and people of this country don’t like to accept the realities of the world they live in. 
While he wasn’t actually sure how to proceed quite yet, he knew enough to recognize some important phone calls would have to be made. The good people of New York as well as the rest of the country need to feel safe yet again from the ravages of crimes they don’t see happening in the light of the day or hear about on the breaking news. They must know the law is on their side and watching out for their best interests and that political agendas were not bureaucratizing those best interests. A nation of laws cannot afford perceptions that the law is not on the job at all times. That’s why people like him and even Sheriff Sealy were there, wasn’t it? 
Yes, this case definitely needed to pick up the pace. 

Chapter Twelve

Ronald Mead simply loved his job at the International Exposure. As far as tabloid publications went, this magazine went heads and shoulders above the innumerable rags out there enjoying their perpetual tumescence through leering at celebrities and sensationalizing issues like Roswell and kiddie porn. IE appreciated the fact that their readers were smarter than that. IE readers aren’t worried about the love lives of celebrities, and they’re certainly not worried about the concerns of some of them being secret agents for the Trilateral Commission. Over time, the International Exposure discovered printing such drivel only limited readership and has never boosted it. 
But Ron and his staff found the juicy topics of Human Trafficking and sex slave smuggling made for intriguing headlines and sold well. Once readers learned about the prevalence of the problem, they wanted to know more about it and why they haven’t heard so much before. What worked well for IE was law enforcement and the State Department were more than happy to do a lot of the legwork for them. Admittedly, IE kept their exposure of these crimes on a leash; there was no benefit in desensitizing the American readership to a well so deep. After all, people openly accepted and even made light of the fact that their political leadership was severely corrupted and inept, making it clear even the most egregious crimes harbored but so much of a shelf life in the public eye.
Reporting on the smuggling of young South American girls through the rural regions of New York boosted sales, and then the propensity of the crimes captured more readers and increased subscriptions. After all, people feared for their children as well as children around the world. Then, this debacle with Sheriff Kevin Sealy gave the subject staying power with a lot of local substantiation. But it seems even a story as important as this one eventually gives way to the notion that dirty mops, not dirty cops, is the greater threat to the future of human civilization. Besides, we simply must know what’s going on in the minds of Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck. And yes, there are the Kardashian girls…
So, Ron and his people were back to the drawing boards seeking out their next big story. They had a stable of enduring subjects helping to maintain sales and subscriptions, but as everyone knows, growth is the name of the game. Growth is forever the key that can never be underestimated, along with continual focus on product improvement. But Ron was never one to give great faith in mere numbers, though. IE was a good-sized publication and enjoyed a wide readership. He was proud of that and knew it was fair to be so, so he paid attention to the paper not becoming so gargantuan that it could no longer be what was first envisioned. 
He knew IE wasn’t a major player in the world of serious journalism; it was and would remain a sensationalist tabloid and it’s just that simple. IE doesn’t have much in terms of sports coverage and business tracking; if they come across something fitting into these categories, they may highlight the story, but that’s about all. IE deliberately shies away from specific political focus, but it also veers from truly moderate views of the subject. It doesn’t matter which side, far left or far right (after all, anyone buying into the contrived philosophy that such polarization is genuine is a sucker, anyway) is covered, so long as it borders well into the fringe. In fact, IE intentionally pursues both sides so as not to alienate one or the other because Ron believes doing so is a common mistake in the industry. So, IE covers the Bildebergers, the Trilateral Commission, various conspiracy theories, and particularly suspicions of government cover-ups. It isn’t a mistake that Governor Jesse Ventura is mentioned a lot. 
Rather than sports, IE has an extensive Science section, covering late-breaking discoveries likely of interest to the readership. It has been within this section IE leadership demands the utmost in accuracy and attention to the finest detail. Beyond that, the truth can vary for the sake of story intensity. 
There will always be current events covered in the paper’s main sections. UFO and Bigfoot sightings were common and yes, always worthy of consideration, but must have something more substantial than merely another sighting by some local hayseed. In short, if it was just enough to warrant a small mention in the mainstream press, it could justify a full page in IE. But the Bigfoot sightings had better be amazing to merit mention, since such stories to readers are about as interesting as young politicians soliciting high-end prostitutes. Or, who really cares. 
Lately, the 2012 version of the Y2K bug was a steady draw and open to plenty of speculation. However, IE refuses to support the notion that 2012 prophesies the end of the world or even global calamity. The bigger draw to readers, it turns out, is how such stories retain public attention and how people continually buy into these doomsday scenarios. 
So yes, IE is very much a tabloid, but desiring to be different from the myriad of other tabloids out there. There would be no BS stories about self-destructive celebrities unless the behavior was downright shocking and it was that simple. Sure, they watched and reported on the challenges faced by Patrick Swayze and Farrah, but only through focusing on the human issue. Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen would never receive such consideration. 
So, within all that the International Exposure was to its readers, they needed something new and needed it right away. While IE desired becoming a major player in the realm of the printed word some day, focusing on issues relating to the Northeast and New England regions were good enough for the present. Because of this, the latest just in from the dramatic world of Sheriff Kevin Sealy fueled Ronald Mead’s affinity for this particular law enforcement officer. 
This affinity began a few years back when Sealy was involved with some mysterious stranger who stumbled upon some modern version of the Necronomicon or something like that and became a part of a wondrous story out of the otherwise dry-toast boring village of Endicott. The story was marvelous for a publication like IE and the fact that it was local made it even better. In fact, the incident, resulting in a lot of structural damage throughout two shopping centers in the town, helped make IE a lot of money and structure the publication into what it is today. Further, the Human Trafficking stories involving Sealy bolstered even more success. These stories were why the latest chronicle coming from the Sealy camp would inspire backflips and cartwheels from even the soberest of editors. 
“Ron, you have got to see this!”
Eric Nunes practically burst into Ron’s office, he was so excited. Ron had to bite his tongue because this budding young reporter found an endless fascination in virtually everything (some in the office once referred to him as a bloodhound because once he pinged on something, he pursued it to its end, but they eventually just labeled him the Yard Dog) but he did give the guy his moment. Often, the Yard Dog did come across something genuinely interesting, and Ron really wanted something pronto. Besides, Ron didn’t have the heart to stifle the guy’s enthusiasm; not at a tabloid of all places.
“So, what you got there, Nunes?”
“Ron, I just forwarded the link I received this morning, apparently from some anonymous party,” Eric said. “I rarely give these unsolicited arrivals but so much attention, but whoever sent this wrote that while it’s rather lurid, it has a lot to do with Sheriff Kevin Sealy. The keywords of lurid and Sealy made me look a little further, but when I did I saw this has very little to do with the sheriff and a lot to do with his daughter.”
“Eric, are you sure of this?”
“I opened this only about twenty minutes ago, so I’m not sure of much yet. But I looked into what was claimed in the email. Boss, this involves some sort of amateur porn of all things.”
Ron opened what Eric forwarded him and apparently what he’s been saying has some merit. Whoever sent the link did so anonymously, but included rather sordid details about what went on in this movie and behind the scenes in someone’s apartment. The video involved several high school kids, but the one capturing the most attention (on the video and certainly within IE) was none other than Sheriff Sealy’s teenage daughter, Nadine.
“According to whoever sent this, this one here is a girl named Samara Rivers, and this states her parents have been secretly filming these teenage romps for quite some time. They have a guest apartment where their daughter spends most of her time, letting her make it her place, and apparently letting her do whatever she wants. I said this was a lurid tale, and it is for more reasons than just cheesy teen porn,” Eric said. “It turns out the parents have been making extra cash selling this shit to kiddie porn markets in Europe and Asia. Based on the claims, they’ve been doing so for quite some time.
“The biggest mystery now is who sent this and how they knew about it.”
“My God, how many cameras do they have set up through this little apartment?”
“I know,” Eric said. “It does seem they’ve done some ambitious editing and the scenes and angles change quite a bit. These lovely parents turned the apartment into a full-fledged studio and had the money to do so since the claims state these parents have sold thousands of copies of dozens of videos. The claimant goes on to state the video is all digital and streaming directly into a sophisticated computer system in order to edit for quality. That’s so they can finely produce some of their daughter’s better scenes. Now, isn’t that precious? I can’t help but to wonder if they released this knowing this is Sealy’s daughter or if they had no idea who any of the other kids are.”
Ron saw more than enough and closed it. “Yeah, it’s just so lovely.”
“This is a big double-whammy, Ron, because it involves numerous law violations, including the fact that these stars are teens,” Eric said. “But what steals the show is that, unfortunately, one of the stars is Nadine Sealy. I know we wanted to avoid bashing on Sheriff Sealy, but this goes beyond that and I have to assume everyone’s going to run on it very soon.”
There was certainly a part of Ron that hated stories like this, but there was no denying the significance. “Yeah, you’re right, so we don’t have a choice but to run with it. Do what you can to make sure this isn’t some elaborate prank, and then go with it. This is going to be big, and if we break it open, it could change things for IE, and you. Teen porn involving Sheriff Sealy’s daughter exposed internationally at the International Exposure. Hell, even Letterman’s going to rake this one through.”
“Oh, you better make this quick and get it going,” Ron said after wondering how many other publications received the same anonymous tip. “Be careful and do this right, but let’s get it going. If we’re going to be in on this, and we are, then let’s make it juicy. I hate saying this, but try tying the various stories together, with all the issues of the trafficking concerns and now this. I can’t help but to wonder if Sheriff Sealy needs any more on his plate. Well, you’re up now, Eric, so let’s make it happen.”
“I’m in it with both feet, Boss,” Eric said with verve. Then he slowed and said, with a partially hung head. “Part of me isn’t happy, though, because for the most part I’ve been on Sealy’s side. But good, bad, or ugly, this is a big story.”
After Nunes stepped out of the office, chasing down what would likely be the biggest story coming out of IE in quite some time, Ron felt a little dirty for feeling selfish (nearly as dirty as he did when he saw Sealy’s daughter in that video snippet) and hoped whoever sent this sent it only to IE. That would mean someone truly had it in for Sealy, and that’s been his suspicion for a while. But the shot’s been fired and the bullet is heading downrange, regardless of how anyone feels about it. And whether they like it or not, this is a shot that will be heard around the world. 
“Another good soldier going down,” he muttered.

The International Exposure was the first media source to receive the anonymous tip about the latest Sealy drama. Actually, Nunes’s tip was in his inbox before he got out of bed that morning, and he was up before three, nursing the migraines he’s told nobody about. But right at noon the news flowed freely into the media sources across the region, including into the inbox of Jason Morgan.
The internal struggle with feelings of commiseration for Sealy washed over Morgan, but the decisions were made for him just like they were for everyone else. In fact, Jason had every confidence the video footage was likely in every email inbox in the industry, at least within the Northeast but potentially farther than that. Thus, everyone opening these emails were drooling over the implications. After meeting Sealy, he knew this wasn’t fair, and again, not of his doing. Jason felt horrible in thinking so, but he thought this could be the last hurrah for the man. Then the investigative journalist in him suspected this could be the end of the Sealy family, and he wondered how the world would feel about that. 

Erin found herself crumbling to the floor, barely able to support herself in any capacity, after seeing the breaking news informing the world about the kiddie porn involving the daughter of Sheriff Kevin Sealy. Judy Kidde stood there before her microphone and reported the entire scenario in her usual grand fashion, including showing cleverly edited clips of Nadine doing things she failed to mention about her extraordinary weekend. For the sake of decency and minor viewers, the report blurred out the necessary areas, but any moron could decipher what was going on. What Erin saw was disgusting and vulgar, and starring her daughter taking it from all the way around. 
The urge rushed through Erin and she tried escaping the room, but it was too late. She vomited all down the front of herself, making an enormous mess of her clothes and the cream shag carpet. She just stood there with the fresh, warm spew dripping all down the front of her face and clothes and onto the floor while she felt as though she was a bug in a spider’s web she couldn’t escape. Although the impulse was not welcomed, her body began convulsing and then (from where this came she was not entirely sure) she let out a bloodcurdling scream. Then, a moment later, she heard the frightened cries of Gabriel and Innocent.
Erin shook violently as she was not prepared for something like this. She was born and raised in an environment where people seriously considered the appropriate nature of the extended pinkie at tea time. She was from those who agonized over the proper tapestries and drove luxury automobiles, not just because there was much expected by them, but of and from them by the community at large. 
There is a division of the automotive industry one turns to for the finest in cars and automotive maintenance. There is the pinnacle of the financial industry reserved to caring for the proper investments, capital growth and assured continued wealth of those who must exercise it within a cultural industry demanding they set standards for those within the common rank and file to aspire. This cultural industry assists the finest among us in their quest to acknowledge their place above the rest, and Erin has long taken pride in being a specialist in the field. Now, her position is truly lost, she knows, as this latest episode of the Sealy saga will truly see her excommunicated from the only world she’s ever really known.
Once being a custodian of the genteel, a small part of her mind reminisced about how precious it was to succeed in her former position, now gone with the vomitus dripping from her chin and into the carpet. She knew one doesn’t just get to apply for such a role; no, one must be prepared through years of experience and preparation as well as harbor the luck of apropos genetic history. But any position, no matter how sturdy, can be shaken apart when the foundation crumbles of impropriety. The landslide was unmistakable and Erin knew her future’s horizon was forever changed. 
She might have recovered from Kevin’s situation should the legal system find him innocent because even the socially elite sometimes appreciate the benefits of adversity in character development. But there’s no recovery from this. One might recover from allegations of being a global criminal and an ass, but recovery is impossible when there is video footage of your daughter becoming famous in the realm of amateur teen porn, particularly when select shots are displayed on the news and those shots feature blurred teenage cock all around your daughter. The social status can endure some level of indiscretion, but hey…
So, Erin had to recognize that her life is now forever changed. She glanced one last time at the bit of her former world she had left and then found herself on her hands and knees on a once-pristine shag carpet now stained with a surprisingly large volume of vomit. It was on her face and clothes, in her hair, and under the hands and knees grinding it deep into the fabric of the carpet and her life. 
She quickly acknowledged there was an aspect of her life far from over and she heard her babies were frightened. She scared them when she cried out, and when she looked back to the moment, she wondered why she did it. She saw she was a horrid mess, right there on all fours in the middle of the carpet (eerily similar to the position her daughter displayed with various blurred places, there on the news), and the smell made her eyes water. 
“Give your mother just another moment, children,” she managed to say. “Don’t you worry about a thing, my little ones. We’ll make it through this one way or another.”
The children didn’t find enough faith in their mother’s appeal to make a difference, so they kept wailing as though they were surrounded by giant spiders. Erin also felt surrounded by things seeking her brutal destruction, but she recognized she would have to get cleaned up. Her world spun as though it was trapped inside of a struck tire swing, but her place as a mother is allotted no time-outs. So although she felt the monsters were nearly on her heels, she couldn’t go on without getting cleaned up. She found her feet despite the lingering of nausea and stumbled in the direction of the bathroom. 
“Hang on, Gabby and Noni,” she said, knowing they were upset but really okay. “I’ll be in there in just a minute or so.”
Once she was in the bathroom she stripped off the defiled clothes and kicked them away. She started the shower and stepped in even though the truly warm water was still several yards away. She was charged by the cold water but she knew she had to get all of that off of her body. She didn’t think too much of the vomit that found its way into her hair, but the smell of it lingered about her like a low-lying fog. The chilled water blessedly brought her back to the moment and she quickly washed away the mess. 
After being in the shower for less than ninety seconds, she shut off the water (leaving all the hot water to go cold, wasted) and stepped out. She still felt somewhat dirty, to be honest, but surrendered herself to the realization that she would feel so for the remainder of her days. The children weren’t just crying anymore, but wailing. They knew enough to know Mom doesn’t hesitate to come running when demanded, so they assumed something was wrong and that demanded reassurance. 
Erin toweled away the excess water from her hair and body while on the way to the bedroom, where she left her pajamas on the bed earlier in the day. She liked this particular set over some of the other pajamas in her collection, with them coming from some sort of PJ hotline Kevin ran across at some point in time. She once found humor in his thinking she would find pajamas a suitable gift for, well, anything, but his heart was there. She once found such humor ever-present, but presently was not such a time and she wanted them for only the most practical of purposes. At least Kevin learned his lesson about listening to the commercials tell how a grown woman would desire a teddy bear for a gift, particularly if it’s made in some desolate northern state. 
Her hair hung wet and limp, and she had on the cozy burgundy pajamas feeling…trapped in a dark, wet hole, surrounded by a combination of evil men and mindless cattle, all of which were looking into the hole and urinating on her and laughing while she hugged herself tight in a spot muddied with clay dirt and alcohol-laden piss. Despite being where she was and alone, aside from the children screeching in the other room, she couldn’t shake the feeling of desperation, so she stood for a moment, shaking her head and touching herself. For a moment she wondered if this was what it was like to endure withdrawals from addictions, and then wished she had a couple of them. 
Once Erin walked into the room where the two were yelling, they calmed down quite a bit, quickly. The momentum of their yowls still skidded along, but they saw she was there and they were okay, and nobody’s been abandoned. Their microscopic attention spans were diverted by seeing their big sister on the TV, but they still sniffled. Their mother needed some normalcy so she turned that off.
“Other than rather inappropriate information about how your sister likes to spend her weekends, what is it you two need?” she muttered as she checked noses and diapers. 
It was at that moment she wondered how the children ended up watching the news when such things were on the TV in the other room. She thought they were watching the channel with all the daytime cartoons and the just-slightly-less-than creepy man who sang songs lasting under four seconds while showing his blue cartoon dog an awful lot of attention. And then it came to her.
“This breaking story is being broadcast by virtually every channel on the planet, isn’t it?”
It was a breaking story and there wasn’t anyone in the media who could resist a story of such magnitude. Every media resource in the region would clamor to show it, but it was so spectacular that it would spread virally in almost no time, reaching national and then international coverage just like that. Erin imagined there would be reporters kicking on the door at any moment, asking questions like, “When you saw your daughter on the TV being banged like the skank she is, how did that make you feel? Do you think it turned your husband on, or did it trigger in his eyes only dollar signs?”

“I think it would be best if you called your parents and had them come pick you up, Nadine,” the principal said. “Samara, is there someone who can come pick you up? I believe your parents are in custody.”
Both Nadine and Samara were in tears, mortified and despondent. The moment was so tragic for them on so many levels. For Nadine, everything that once seemed so positive, albeit in a guilty manner, went negative instantly. But for Samara, she knew, life went a lot worse than that. For Samara it wasn’t merely humiliating but life altering. Her parents were all she had and now they’re incarcerated. 
“I don’t have anyone at all,” Sammy said, “but I have the car. I drove in today, so I can take Nadine home.”
“I’m not sure if that’s the best course of action at this time.”
“My mother isn’t going to come out here. You couldn’t get her to leave the house if you set it on fire after a story like this,” Nadine said. “My father might come out here, but I couldn’t tell you where he is other than policing up whatever damage control he could until this hit the news. I am seventeen years old, sir. I know mothers younger than me. Samara and I will be fine and I would be more comfortable going with her. We are in this together.”
The principal leaned forward and placed his head in his hands. “Girls, you don’t know how sorry I am this happened to you. The authority in me wants to say your behavior brought you to this point, but we all know that isn’t fair. What you did was inappropriate but certainly not new to the world, and you thought what was going on was doing so privately and confidentially. I have no idea what the fallout is going to be from this point, but I am comfortable in saying I don’t think you deserve it. But I have no idea on how to make it better, and for that I am sorry.”
Minutes later, they were treading across the parking lot with their heads down, expecting to be inundated by those who would mock them, taunt them, grill them or even proposition them. And why not, since if there was one thing for certain in this, they couldn’t be more humiliated and betrayed. For Nadine, she couldn’t stop thinking about how it would be for her and how her parents would react. The incident in itself was bad enough, but with everything else going on, it was a monster. Yet somehow Nadine couldn’t help but feel worse for Sammy, who was actually sold out by her parents for simple profit. The parallels in their shitty worlds were nothing less than sinister.
For Sammy, it didn’t seem possible that it could be worse. She was who she was in so many ways because her parents made it clear this sort of love, this physical manifestation of love and all the open honesty it conveys, casts a light of open honesty on virtually everything else in the world. For one to be naked and so open with another along with expressing pure joy and emotional elation with utter abandon demonstrates genuine bliss. Yes, they made it clear there was appropriate and inappropriate and this was why she kept things private and only between close friends. They said this was one of humanity’s truest expressions of genuine emotion, with everything else shrouded by a fearful culture, denying what is humanity. For Sam, if there was anything she wanted to make known, it was her honesty. To be so betrayed by those she trusted most, turned to most and admired the most, was something indescribably horrific. 
She was sold like a monkey on a unicycle, to be pointed at, laughed at and mocked while who knows how many men around the world masturbated angrily to what Sam thought was only between her and those she trusted. The very people who gave her life and her practicing philosophies smote her for money. 
They both quietly cried while walking together across the parking lot, feeling smirks and muffled laughs projected at them from all directions. There was maybe two feet of physical space between them, but each of them had never felt so alone. 
So Nadine reached over and took Samara’s hand.
It must have been an electrifying maneuver because it stole Sam’s stride from her escape and she stopped. First there was the shivering and then the open sobbing, leaving them both crying aloud. They squeezed one another’s hand to a point of discomfort and then pulled each other in close. They held each other and cried as though they were in the middle of an open field with monsters rushing in from all directions, growling and snarling and pointing and laughing, with the intent to pull them from one another and mock them and then eat them alive slowly while salivating over the blood and the screams. 
After what must have been several minutes of holding one another in misery and on the cold asphalt of the high school parking lot, Nadine said to Sam, “Come on. Let’s get out of here.”
“But to where, Lover? Where do we go now?”
“Come home with me, Sam. Take me home and stay with us until we figure this out.”
“Nadine, your parents are likely to just tear me in two, so, really?”
“Sam, my mother is one of the weakest human beings alive, and somehow my father is among the most understanding,” Nadine said. “Besides, we’re going to have to answer to this no matter what we do or where we go.”
Sam nodded in agreement, or acquiescence, and they both got into the car and drove from the high school they would never see again. 

The drive was virtually silent, although they kept a firm hold on one another’s hand through most of the journey. Nadine spoke only enough to dictate the proper lefts and rights, but other than that, there was really nothing to say. Everything was difficult for them at this point, with both of them thinking frightening thoughts fraught with emotion and both of them knowing this was something heavy, particularly with so many girls their age going to pieces over something as simple as a blemish on a cheek.
They both felt watched and scrutinized throughout the trip and Nadine never looked anywhere but ahead as she felt she’d see judgmental eyes everywhere. Sam felt truly naked and exposed for the first time in her life, and she didn’t like it. She felt leered at by every passing car, feeling people watching and wanting their fair share.
The drive seemed to take so long, as though the car was lumbering along at just idle speed, likely only because they wanted to get home as fast as possible and be out of everyone’s sight. What was so hard for the both of them was they didn’t want to be anywhere but had to be somewhere. The drive, however, eventually brought them out of town and onto the quieter roads and eventually home, where they were sure they would have more music to face. 
Nadine wiped her tears away well enough to say, “There it is, Sam. That long driveway there.”
Nadine felt very small and vulnerable once they were in sight of her home, knowing that her mother was in there and surely up to speed on the situation. She started crying again, feeling so ashamed and so guilty and so exposed and so threatened and just so bad. Sam felt on the verge of surrendering to the oncoming predators salivating at the chance to taste of her flesh. She recalled once reading that survivors of animal attacks reported feeling an overwhelming sense of peace as they succumbed to the beast prepared to feed on them. These people, attacked by lions, tigers or bears or whatever it was, found complete acceptance to the situation when they knew death was imminent. So, only in that moment does the universe show true mercy. 
Sam desired this peace so much but sensed God denied her this mercy, apparently demanding she experience every bit of what she had coming to her.
She pulled up just behind the car already in the driveway and shifted it into park. She felt the habitual urge to shut the car down, yet somehow felt so afraid to do so, not so much that her getaway was denied, but that the rhythmic sound of the engine prevented the cruel laughter from the world from seeping in. Shutting it down seemed worse than the growling beasts prepped to pounce, but she turned the key and shut it down.
In the silence of the early afternoon, they just sat there in the car. They both just held hands and sat there, momentarily unable to do anything else. They weren’t merely trapped in the car, but trapped in this universe and snared like easy prey. Then Nadine looked up and ahead when she heard the front door close, feeling her heart racing again.
She cringed when she saw her mother emerge from the house, only in pajamas that were wet here and there as though she sprinted through the sprinklers running in the yard. Her hair hung limp and straight around her face and shoulders, and she too looked around the area as if she feared the monsters lurking in the tangles of the Climbing Nightshade. For the love of God, Nadine thought. Mom feels it, too, and the shame swooped over her like a vulture’s shadow passing over what was left of a kill.
Like a dead man walking, Nadine opened the door and got out of the car, looking at her mother who stood only a few feet from the door, acting as though she expected to be shot from the tree line at any moment. Mom made no attempt to look her way until she closed the car door and stood there, looking defeated and open to whatever she had coming. To Nadine’s subtle surprise, that was when Sam stepped out of the car, too. She merely stood by the car door with her head hanging. 
Nadine came around to the front of the car, unsure of what to do next. It was at that moment that her mother looked directly at her, with her face trembling and looking on the verge of coming undone. There was the briefest of moments shared as they looked at one another, and then her mother broke her stance and came to her. Mom was crying, Nadine was crying, and Nadine expected her mother to slap her to the driveway that somehow didn’t seem nearly low enough.
In a moment of surprise and relief, her mother did not strike her but embraced her tight. They held one another in a way they’ve never done before, and together they felt exposed to the monsters sprinting at them with the scent of blood and shame filling their flared nostrils. 
Sam looked up just enough to see Nadine’s mother look her way and there was a moment, the briefest of moments, when she saw complete and utter hatred. But as quick as the loathing came, it went, and she was surprised to see Nadine and her mother approach her. Within another instant they were all holding each other there as the storm of craziness twisted around them, and they held one another as the world they knew crumbled apart and spun out of control.
They held each other and cried, but after what seemed like so long although it was but a moment, Mom looked at Nadine and Sam and said, “Girls, I am so sorry.”

Kevin stopped the car virtually in the middle of the road just as he saw what was going on in his driveway. His eyes were also filled with tears, but his tears were fueled by the intense heat of fury. He felt anger for the world as well as his daughter and the piece of trash that somehow befriended her. But when he saw Erin, of all people, embrace both of these girls in an obvious act of understanding, he felt as though he was the trash of concern. His emotional state shifted from fury to shame even when his shame excused his fury, making it clear to him he was no better than the rest of the world that judged, and will continue judging, those two teenage girls. 
He looked quickly to the rearview mirror to make sure he wasn’t a blockade about to be plowed into by oncoming traffic, but there was no traffic coming. There wasn’t really anyone else in the world at that moment. There weren’t any people at all other than his humiliated wife and daughter, and some frightened young girl whose world attacked her on so many levels. 
A bizarre aspect of things was that when he left the house in the morning, he felt almost vindicated of the ignorance and guilt he felt, sure he was the butt of a vile wrongdoing perpetrated by those who were far more wrong than he. But upon seeing the three aggrieved girls in front of his home, he realized how little of what’s been going on was about him at all. Kevin felt so entirely dismissed from his world, ignored as though he was an old chicken deemed unfit for slaughter but not seen as worth the effort to see him out of his misery, left to wander aimlessly until there was nowhere else to stray. 
Never before had Kevin Sealy felt so alone. 

Chapter Thirteen

There was no way he could sit in the road for very long and before much more time passed he saw the garbage truck coming up behind him. It wasn’t a fast moving roadster bound to find his rear bumper, but the crew would momentarily want through. They were arriving in the neighborhood rather late, again, and he realized he never placed the trash out for them to collect. The sight of the truck brought him back to the moment and he wasn’t sure how long he sat there, yet again in the way of the world. 
Feeling desperate to do something right, he rushed into the driveway and parked directly behind the unfamiliar car and then rushed to open the garage door and start the trashcans down the driveway. He often remembered the appreciation he felt for the ingenuity of placing wheels on the trashcans, much in the same way he appreciated similar inventiveness when they stopped making the cans out of aluminum that created so much racket when they were dragged to the curb. 
He managed to get the third and last can to the curb just as the truck pulled up, giving him the shallow satisfaction that he did at least one thing right today. But it didn’t help, though, as he didn’t feel any better at the moment than he did when he sat alone in the car and watched the three girls who had no concern of him whatsoever. 
“Sorry we’re late, Sheriff,” one of the truck’s crew said as he stepped off the back and reached for the first can. “We took some call-ins today and we’ve been playing catch-up.”
“Well, if you guys are shorthanded, maybe I should consider putting in an application. I know I’m going to have to find another job before long, and I do have some sort of experience with taking out the trash.”
The guy smiled to the little joke and said, “Sheriff, I’ve been working this route for some time, so I’ve sort of been keeping track of what’s been going on with your situation. Honestly, I think you’ve been screwed over.” His expression went to one of severe discomfort and he said, “You are aware of the news that just broke today, right?”
Kevin suddenly felt as though his life was being scrutinized and he didn’t feel up to talking about it with anyone let alone the garbage collectors, but he knew it would be naïve to assume his life wasn’t but so much trash everyone was rifling through, anyway.
“If I’m out of bounds, Sheriff, I do apologize, but you ought to know it isn’t everyone who thinks you’re the bad guy. There are a lot of people who are on your side in this. I sincerely hope you and your family find a positive way through this and a way to happiness again.”
Kevin smiled and reached for the man’s hand. “I really appreciate that.”
The fellow nodded and shook Kevin’s hand and said, “We have to go because we’re running way behind, but God’s blessings to you and your family, Sheriff.”
“Thanks, and be sure to put a good word in for me, in case they’re looking.”
“You deserve a lot better than this shit, but if it comes to it, we’ll make room on this truck for you.”
As he watched the truck pull away, he suddenly wished he had a place on the truck right at that moment. Turning around and entering the house was going to be awkward at best. Not just that, but he’d have to find a way to accept the girl who entered his home. He didn’t know anything about her except her vulgar parents are likely in custody. He hoped he had the strength of character to think more of her than the rest of the world did. 
As a cop he isn’t accustomed to procrastinating, so he dragged the emptied cans up the driveway and put them where they belonged. Erin and Nadine, and even this girl whose name he thought was Sam or something, knew by now he was home, so he stopped hesitating and went into the house. 
“Why were you talking to those men?” Erin hissed as soon as he entered the door. 
“What men are you…do you mean the garbage crew? Christ, Erin, I got the trash down there just in time for them to pick it up. A couple of those fellows have been working this route for some time and simply passed on some well wishes, that’s all.”
He wanted to ask her what the big deal was, but he was taken aback by her appearance. He knew all of this was hard on her and that things were getting worse and not better, but she looked like a survivor on day ninety of a nuclear attack. Ever since he first met her, Erin looked like the vibrant woman ready to go and open her doors to the world. While that’s what she used to look like, now she appeared to be a perpetual shut-in. His concern for her grew quickly when he said what he did, particularly when she continued looking at him with severe suspicion and then shrunk back into the shadows of the hallway.
For Christ’s sake, he thought. What the hell is going on with her?
He tried changing the subject and said, “Erin, how is Nadine and this friend of hers? I saw them just before I pulled up and took out the trash.”
“I’m sure you’ve heard the latest developments on the news today.”
“Yeah, and they aren’t very good.”
“Well, there you go.”
“Where are they now?” he asked.
“They’re both in her room. They’re quite upset, as you can imagine, so I think it would be a good idea to leave them alone for now.”
“And I will do just that, but I want them to know I’m here and I think I should introduce myself to this Sam. The longer we’re both here and not introduced, the more uncomfortable she’s going to be and you know it.”
Erin’s expression conveyed acknowledgement but she still looked more like a freaky cat lady with a bad hoarding problem than like the perfect hostess he’s always seen in her. He was genuinely worried about Nadine and her friend, but Erin was showing signs indicative of someone not coping. He knows well that she’s been though a lot, and now this with Nadine, and Kevin wanted to sit down with Erin to provide some reassurance, but since she commonly withdraws when really upset, he decided to leave it alone for the time being. 
He went to Nadine’s room and knocked on the door. After an extended moment, she came to the door looking as though she barely escaped a fatal dose of radiated fallout. Despite that, he asked her, “So, how was your day?”
She rushed into him and said, “Oh God, Daddy. I am so ashamed and so sorry.”
He held her close knowing she needed that, and then he realized that he needed it, too. Holding her, he tried imagining what it was she was enduring and just couldn’t find it. 
“Honey, I can’t even pretend to know what you’re going through, so I just don’t know what I could say that would help. But I can’t help but thinking it would be like a knife in the back.”
“I only hope you don’t think I put it there, sir.”
This girl named Sam, a pretty girl who looked awfully beaten down, came into view.
“My God, sweetheart, I don’t think any such thing. I haven’t seen what most everyone else has seen since I was in the car and heard it on the radio. But what I did gather is that it was your parents who did this to you. Is that the case?”
The poor thing trembled as her face crumbled, with lips quivering, and she gushed, “They say my parents have been recording what I’ve done and sold the recordings around the world.”
He let go of Nadine and went to this girl. He first took her hands and then held her and said, “What’s been done to you is so wrong and you need to know that you were betrayed. You were taken advantage of by people you thought you could trust. You let your guard down around people you thought would be offended if you had your guard up. My dear young lady, I understand all of that more than most.”
Sam looked right into his eyes when he said that, and there they both realized they had a real and horrible connection between them, as if they both knew the cold hardness of the jackboot of the world. 
“I cannot say that I’m free of any guilt,” she admitted. “I wasn’t just at the party; I was the happy hostess.”
He wanted to stifle a laugh but it got the better of him. A bit of laughter came through and he said, “I get your point. Yes, what was going on wouldn’t be endorsed by the PTA. But you didn’t think you had an audience, did you?”
“You’re taking this rather well, Dad,” Nadine said. “After all, I’m the primary reason all of this is so newsworthy.”
“No, Nadine. I am. And believe me that there’s a slight part of me that wants to scream at you for what you’ve done, but I was seventeen once, too, you know. It isn’t as if I don’t get it, girls. But being dragged out like this in public is far too much punishment for the crime, so you won’t get any more from me. So, before I get wrapped up in this topic any more than I already have, I would like to change it.”
They both smiled, appreciating that idea.
“The real reason we’re all here now is because we’ve been betrayed. You have to know that, okay? I know that doesn’t make it any better, but you weren’t attacked because of what you did, but because everyone found out about it in such a heinous way. They’ve taken what went on and sensationalized it for the sake of drama, and I am more than familiar with that.”
“Maybe, Dad, but you weren’t on TV with your nakedness merely blurred out.”
“What, weren’t you made aware of the fact that a young woman’s naked body is a marketable commodity? How in the hell do you think all of this shit got started?”
“Wow. Touché,” Sam said. 
“Welcome to the world, ladies. Well, since we couldn’t manage to change the subject, I’m going to leave the two of you alone for the time being and see how your mother’s doing, but the new rule is that we don’t bathe in our misery anymore. Got it?”
Nadine and Sam both looked at him, slightly less somber, and merely nodded their heads. Their expressions said quite enough.

Erin backed away from sight after Kevin said what he did. She heard what was said and had to admit to herself this is why she fell in love with this man. But she also knew there were things he wasn’t saying, and that made her teeth grind. As she backed away, the sunlight creeping in through the bathroom window illuminated her and she cringed, feeling it almost burn as it exposed her to everything out there. Her heart raced when the sun found her, forcing her into the refuge of the hall’s darkness where she clutched at her chest and tried catching her breath. Breathing fast, she fought against the panic of feeling exposed and felt a sudden need to sneak past them all, but she couldn’t find the strength to risk such exposure again. 
She also felt betrayed by everyone she knew. But her betrayal pointed at those comforting one another in that room. Erin’s eyes narrowed to slits with recognition that those were the ones who did this to her, whether they had the courage to admit it or not. 
That was always the thing about the guilty; they only regretted their guilt after being caught. The guilty always whine in shame when their damning sentence is cast and then they always turn to those wronged, begging for forgiveness not coming to them. Nadine and Sam enjoyed every moment they had dancing with the devil, only feeling shame when the righteous light of the world shined upon their nakedness and exposed them to the world they intentionally hid from, in the dark, in the sin. Within the stench of lust. 
Kevin, for all the good he could have, now despised being held to the higher standard he once wore as a badge of honor, only because that’s what it was. How funny it was they always looked to her as the one who made it real for them, but when they held one another in their shame and guilt, they easily forgot she was even there. 
“Are you okay, Mom?”
Jeremy startled her so badly it actually hurt.
“I didn’t mean to scare you, Mom,” he said furtively.
Et tu, Jeremy?
But no, not him, no. He broke from his momentary concern and came to her, welcoming her cold, tense arms.
He held her and said, “I didn’t mean to scare you, Mom. I love you.”
“I love you, too, Jeremy,” she said, trying to return the hug.
“We all do, Erin,” she heard coming from the three dark figures she saw standing in the dark shadows of the hallway, there on the other side of the light of the world that hated each and every one of them.
Sounding so small, she said, “Do you really?” to those over there.

“Judy, are you ready for this?” 
There was a part of the entire ordeal Judy Kidde detested. If there was at least one person from her world hating doing any of this to Sheriff Kevin Sealy, she was the one. It was through his heroism, courage and strength of character that she found a platform upon which she could launch her journalism career, on that long-ago day when some stranger from London put her face into homes across the world. Sheriff Kevin Sealy made headlines while helping a frightened, little man named Peter Volans find his way out of the bizarre circumstances contributing to his fifteen minutes of fame. 
At a time now seeming so long ago, she was a budding reporter jumping at her chance to report how a relatively unknown sheriff would make headlines around the world by climbing a rescue ladder out of obscurity to end up becoming one of the most famous county sheriffs in New York history. How tragic it was that he was now the most vilified and infamous county sheriff in the world, all thanks to an insipid series of events not of his doing. 
“Judy, we all know that out of all the reporters on the roster, you’re the one with the most knowledge of Sheriff Kevin Sealy, and likely with the best rapport,” her editor said. “Like it or not, you’re the best one for the job.”
She let out a long breath and then said, “Yeah, I know.” Saying it gave it some truth, and this story has been so short on the truth since it came to the world’s attention. She did share something special with Sheriff Sealy, which was the Peter Volans event, but all of that needed dismissing now, for the sake of the truth. 
“I’ll see if I can get them to talk to me.”
“Don’t see if you can get him to do it; make sure that he does so. He’s been yanking chains and pushing buttons for quite some time now, wanting someone to hear his side of the story. Well, now he has his big chance. If he really wants to do this, now is the time. Now, this may not be the time when he wants to come out in the open, what with the situation regarding his daughter, but it is what it is.”
Judy understood the situation just fine. No, she didn’t like seeing the man falling from grace in such a way, but he’s falling from grace regardless of why, and it’s her job to report it. Besides, there was nothing really personal between her and the Sealy family; it was simply she was the one sent to the scene of the Volans incident, mainly because her bosses thought it would be a nonevent. If it happened now, Morgan would’ve been there. For her, that day was a lucky break in her career, not because of Sheriff Sealy, but because of her smart reporting of the madcap occurrence, and that was all there was to it. It could have been Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane for all it mattered. 
“We’re on it, Boss. Lloyd and I are on it.”
“Good. Now, I know that it’s getting late in the day, so if you can get him to talk to you tonight, stay with it. But catch him tomorrow if it comes to that. Hang out there if you have to. They’ll have to come out sooner or later, and when they do, get as much as you can from them, even if it’s the standard, ‘no comment’”. 
By the time Lloyd and her were in the van, with Lloyd gathering up enough video equipment to shoot another Woodstock event, it was getting quite late. It was just about sundown and past suppertime for most, making her wonder if she’d get anything from the Sealy family that night. She could knock on the door and ask to speak to whoever is there, and then just go for it with the questions. She certainly had plenty of questions to ask; so many, in fact, it would be marvelous to actually sit down at the kitchen table and conduct a full interview. Sheriff Sealy’s been banging on doors for some time now and demanding to be heard, so Judy felt she would be the perfect journalist to be heard by. The possibilities jazzed her and she was looking forward to the trip out there. It was just a matter of Lloyd being ready.
“Do you think you have enough stuff in here, Lloyd?”
“We’ll know soon enough. Do you have any requests from the DJ? We have close to an hour’s drive to get out there, so might as well enjoy it.”
Lloyd was famous for making sure he had the latest in modern video and photography equipment, but he enjoyed the finest in audio equipment, as well, and boasted having one of the most copious and diverse music collections anywhere. In the van, his audio equipment was modern enough to where CDs were unnecessary, but Lloyd preferred them. CDs made the albums impersonal enough (he loved to talk about his impressive vinyl collection, complete with all the artwork and stuff they used to peddle to adoring fans at the time) but the thumb drives were far too clinical. 
“What would you say to some Eric Clapton for starters?”
Lloyd smiled and said, “We’ll be there before you know it. I have everything Clapton ever released, and even some bootleg Clapton I shouldn’t.”

Kevin was actually holding things together in the household, particularly with the kids. Although Nadine and her unusual friend, Sam, (who Erin, he could tell, didn’t like being there, likely thinking it was inappropriate despite Nadine’s point that she had no place else to go since her parents were arrested) had their moments of misery, his words of wisdom helped keep them calm. Those words of wisdom, though, were nothing more than fits of denial as far as Erin was concerned. No, Honey. Things are not going to be okay. If this was the year 1928, we might be able to relocate and escape the stigma, but the Information Age dismissed that opportunity long ago. That is, unless we moved to Nepal.
The calmness of the moment was little more than a façade and not really comforting. The only relief from the certainty that the FBI would kick in the door at any second was the continual requirements of the little ones. They needed their dinner and drinks, their baths, their pajamas and their Teletubbies videos they loved so much. What a sweet gig it must be to live in their world, he thought. Nothing but rolling hills and frolicking rabbits along with an automated vacuum cleaner cleaning up the messes it came across along its way. Aside from that, it was just the four of them and their distractions. Just the Teletubbies, their toys, and the hallucinogenic custard they scarfed down to maintain the serenity. 
Kevin wanted to get his hands on some of that custard like there was no tomorrow. Yeah, but the knock on the door made it quite clear there were more people in his land than just those in the house. 

Awkward as it was, Erin wet her pants some the instant she heard the knock on the door. The first thing going through her mind was that there were dozens of agents out there, maybe hundreds, all in black Kevlar helmets and flak vests, with anxious trigger fingers waiting just out of reach of the triggers of their automatic weapons, except for the two agents working with the battering ram poised to knock down the door. Their weapons were slung over their shoulders and out of the way until the door between the world and the Sealy family was smashed down. One day, in Teletubby Land, there were a thousand Big, Bad Wolves carrying AR-15s and Uzi submachine guns, canisters of riot control gas, and battering rams heavy enough to knock down the gates of Fort Knox.
Kevin moved towards the door in order to identify whoever it was there at this time of the evening. 
“Kevin! Kevin, you stop,” Erin hissed. “Just listen to me and stop right where you are.”
“What, Erin? What is it now?”
She came up to him and grabbed his arm, hard, and said, “Can you see who it is from here? Is it the FBI or maybe SWAT teams?”
“For the love of Christ, Erin, it isn’t going to be the FBI or SWAT or anything like that. Even if it is, I still need to talk to them, but that isn’t who is out there,” he said. He pointed out the window and towards the road and said, “That’s a news van, Erin. I don’t know who the guy is, but I think the other one I see is Judy Kidde. Well, now they want to talk. How about that?”
She pulled on his arm so hard she nearly pulled him off balance. “No. Do you hear me? I say no. I don’t want them in here. I don’t want that door answered. I don’t want anyone near here, do you understand? I don’t want this, Kevin. I do not want this. I don’t want any of this; I just want them to go away.”
He turned to her and took her by the shoulders. “Erin, please calm down. Things are going to be okay if you just take it easy.”
She violently pulled from him and said, “I’ve heard enough from you, Kevin Sealy, and things are not going to be okay. Things have only been getting worse and they’re clearly not done yet. I don’t want you answering that door, Kevin. I don’t want you talking to them whatsoever. They can’t knock the door down, can they?”
“Erin, they’re just news reporters, that’s all. Of course they can’t knock down the goddamned door. All they can do is stand there and keep knocking.”
“No. I don’t want them knocking. I don’t want them knocking, Kevin. All I want is for them to go away. They have to go away from here. But don’t you go to them, Kevin. Don’t even go near the door if they can’t knock it down.”
The desperation in her voice shocked even her, but she knew it had a good reason to be there. Letting reporters in only meant letting the entire world in. Reporters were the eyes of the world and the entire world hated all things Sealy. The world hated her, her family and even this girl named Sam, and all they wanted was blood. 
“Erin, sweetheart. You just need to take a deep breath and focus, okay?” Kevin said while coming back to hold her again, preventing her from escaping the eyes of the world. 
She broke away from him, suddenly feeling very desperate. Desperate enough to force a frightened expression on Kevin’s face. 

Dear God, he thought, could she really be that worked up over this? He knew the situation was horrible, but they still weren’t actually guilty of anything. Sure, it was awful that his teenage daughter and her wily friend, both of whom were in the house, were displayed all over the TV behind an unfocused haze (he had since seen the clips on TV, and their means of editing the nudity was bullshit, as anyone with a typical IQ could imagine the scene) but this is what all of this craziness has come to. He had no doubt Judy Kidde desired to know how this made him feel and if he had anything to say. He did. He had plenty to say and really wanted to say it. 
However, it was clear he had more pressing issues going on. His wife was slipping through his fingers on several uncomfortable levels, and he saw if he talked to Judy and her camera guy, Erin might go over an edge nobody wanted to look over.
“Okay, Erin, okay. They’ll give up and leave after a minute or so, and that’ll be that,” he said, holding up his hands in appeasement. “You just need to calm down and get things in perspective. I know all of this is hard; it’s hard on all of us, for Christ’s sake, and has been. Nobody likes it, but it’s what we have right now.”
Erin backed to the wall, hiding in the shadows there while peering to the news crew that had yet to go away. She looked their way as though they were evil incarnate, expressing hatred he, nor anyone, has ever seen in her eyes, ever.
There was another knock at the door. “Sheriff Sealy? This is Judy Kidde from WRJD. Could I please ask for a few minutes of your time?”
He looked towards the door, seeing they were trying to peer through the window and past the curtain in order to see whatever they could see. After all, they knew he and everyone else was in here. They could be persistent, but he doubted they could see much of anything through Erin’s thick, ornate curtains. Besides, Erin had the house so dark; she wouldn’t allow any lights other than the lamp in the living room. He looked back to Erin to find her squatting down along the wall, shivering as though she just stepped out of the lake and into freezing temperatures. Her eyes were petrified but otherwise focused on nothing. 
He stayed where he was but got down on one knee. “Erin, listen to me, okay? I won’t talk to them. I’m not going to answer the door. They’re going to go away. They might knock on the door another time or two, but they’ll eventually go away. They’re going to go away, but they might try again tomorrow. I want you to know that.”
That wasn’t the line of logic working for her, apparently. She only sunk deeper down along the wall and started crying. 

“I don’t think they’re going to talk to us, Lloyd,” Judy said, eventually stepping away from the door. “But they’re going to have to talk to us sooner or later.”
She turned from the door and started down the driveway and said, “But I’m not standing out here all night. We’ll just have to try again in the morning.”
During the drive out there, she filled her head with images of conducting an amazing interview, but now it seemed no comment was beyond possibility. She knew the boss wasn’t going to be happy about it, but she was the one who felt the most disappointment. Now she wished she had taken the initiative to work with Sheriff Sealy long before this. 
“Hey, what we’ll do is roll that way back into town and stay at that little motel we saw on the way out here,” Lloyd said, trying to help. “I’m thinking that we can get up early, like three or so, and then camp out over here across the street and wait them out.”
“Yeah, let’s do that,” she said, noticing a bizarre irony in staking out the sheriff’s home. But she wanted the interview enough to taste it and cringed at the thought the suck-up Morgan could beat her to it. 
“Okay. You know, if you were a guy, I’d suggest skipping the hotel and just camping right here, commando style.”
“You don’t think I could handle it?” she asked, acting more affronted than she really was.
“The thing is, you might actually have to be on camera tomorrow, so it’s up to you,” he said. 
“Uh, let’s go down to the motel,” she said with a smile. “I assume I know you well enough that you checked the positions on the car tires, right?” 
“Roger Dodger.”
She watched the house as they pulled away and drove until the house was out of sight. They’ll have to come out sooner or later, she thought as they moved on. But somehow, there was a part of her glad to be away from there. She sensed there was something very wrong within that house, and her concerns went beyond knowing the right questions to ask and when. 
But she shook off such foolish notions and focused on the questions she would need to ask while still trying to be sensitive to the family’s situation. Judy, personally, was confident Sheriff Sealy’s been telling the truth regarding his participation in the crimes; her gut told her he wasn’t lying about anything at all. She got into the line of work she did, at least in part, because she’s always had a good feel of people. She’s never harbored any delectable notions about the splendor of humanity, though. The fact remains people around the world are stealing women and children and then selling them into forced prostitution and who knows what else. The predation humanity commits against itself pulls the veil off the whole goodness of mankind thing. 
But it wasn’t just that for her. She knew there were people who wouldn’t give a moment’s hesitation in getting involved in such things, and she knew there were people who wouldn’t hesitate in placing themselves at risk in order to combat such things. Then, of course, there is the majority, who finds it easier to look away from the wrongdoing, tuning out the screams with some whistling or the twist of a volume knob. There are people who pimp out their toddlers so they can film the episode and sell it to the highest bidder. There are people affording such things by killing their own mothers and hiding her body in the basement in order to keep the social security check rolling in. 
The world is full of more ugliness and evil than it knows what to do with, and she couldn’t help but to think of the chill crawling over her after sensing how much of the ugliness seeped under the foundation of the Sealy home when they weren’t looking. 

“Nadine, I think I could use your help, hon,” Kevin said, feeling more concerned than he wanted to convey in his tone. 
Not that it mattered. “She isn’t coping well at all, is she, Dad?”
“No, she isn’t. I might need you, and you too, Sam, to take over the little ones while I try to get her to rest and settle down. She’s convinced the sky is falling and I need to help her realize that it isn’t. At least not yet.”
“Sure, Dad. It isn’t like we have a whole lot else to do, and I’m thinking we’re playing hooky tomorrow, anyway.” A subtle shadow passed over her when she said, “I don’t think we’ll be able to concentrate on studies with all of this going on.”
He didn’t need any reminders of their claim to fame, but he knew he had heavier things to carry as he felt the weight of the air throughout the house. There was a pathetic, dichotomous situation going on, what with Erin convinced the world was coming down around her while he desperately insisted that it wasn’t. As a cop, he knows things can be horrible in life, but if people are willing to show the desire, they can rise above the horror. Sure, it’s harder for some than it is others, and there are plenty of people who didn’t ask for their problems, but even the Kardashian girls have their problems in life. Who in their right mind would want to be in Paris Hilton’s shoes? 
Therein might be some answers to Erin’s exigency. He’s always known she has a certain viewpoint from which she perceives the rest of the world, but she’s overly concerned with those who see her looking from it. It was yet another weird thing from her shiny world; many of the genteel set concern themselves little with the opinions of most, but yet give an inordinate amount of weight to a select few in some bizarre attempt to even out the scale. Then, it could be that he, too, is overanalyzing and just shouldn’t. After all, overanalyzing seems to be Erin’s biggest problem of all. But then, some say perfect paranoia is perfect awareness. 
He walked into their bedroom thinking he’d find her sitting on the edge of the bed and hugging herself the way she does when she’s so tense, but that isn’t what he found. 
“Jesus, Erin. What are you doing? Are you okay?”
She was sitting on the floor. She wasn’t sitting there and leaning against the wall with her knees tucked up under her chin and looking miserable, though. She was sitting there Indian-style, and facing towards the corner. 
“No.”
He felt his breath fall out of him. “Sweetheart, I wish I knew what to say to convince you we’re going to turn this thing around. You have to understand I know things have been awful, but they could really be so much worse.”
That made her turn around. She hissed when she said, “Do you have any idea how much I despise that attitude, Kevin? It’s always the same story. Things could always be worse. Don’t you realize how ridiculous that sounds? Yeah, I suppose we could be thankful we’re not Ethiopian children sitting in a sewage-filled ditch with our bellies swollen, orbited by countless flies. Thankfully, we’re not the stolen South American girls repeatedly raped on the cold floor of an abandoned slaughterhouse.”
She turned back around and face towards the corner. “Life is supposed to be about getting the most out of life for as many people as possible, Kevin. At least that’s what I once thought. But now I realize life is nothing more than not being swollen and covered with flies eating better than you ever will, but only if you’re lucky. Now I know life is a muddy slope lined with people at the top edge of the ditch who do all they can to push you back to where the flies and bloated bellies are, mainly so you can’t grab their feet and pull them down in there with you.”
She was motionless when she said, “Apparently, some of us just couldn’t get enough foothold as we tried climbing out. Now we’re back to where we’re supposed to be, in the sewage with the flies. There are those who say we should wipe the crust from our milky eyes and accept things for what they are while we wait for death to first take the flies hovering around what came from within us, drying in the cold sun not shadowed by those standing guard at the ditch’s edge, and that we should see ourselves as lucky. Is that what you came in here to tell me, sweetheart?”
He didn’t have anything else to say.
Kevin left her there to cope with things in her own way. Seeing there was nothing else he could do for her, he went into the kitchen and looked into the refrigerator, more out of reflex than actually desiring anything from within it. He looked out the window and saw the news van had left, although he was sure it would likely be back tomorrow. Tomorrow, Judy Kidde and her trusty sidekick would return, wanting to know for the sake of the curious public what was going on in the Sealy world. How odd it was that he’s been trying to get their attention, only to discover there’s so much going on he wasn’t privy to discovering, all thanks to Larry Stevenson.
Could Erin be right about this? Are Larry and his minions lining the edge of this ditch, pushing him and his family down into the swarm of flies amidst the offal so they wouldn’t dirty their shoes by modifying their convenient story? Have the powers-that-be kicked them down the muddy slope because they can’t afford the common people seeing them with the bloated bellies the flies desire to suck on? It must be better to stand among those along the ditch’s edge, with their bellies swollen with the flesh of the innocents they sell for a profit while they accrue the riches afforded to them, freeing them to pull their select choices out of the ditch. 
Oh, but come on. It couldn’t really be that simple, could it? No, he’s been a cop too long to accept something so dilettante. He’s spent the majority of his professional life traversing that slope, helping people reach the edge regardless of how dirty he got, making sure as many people as possible found the edge, in part because they needed to know there was more than just that. They needed to see there was the ditch, the ditch’s edge, and then the rest of the universe, too, which was filled with adventure, life, and love. Sure, his place was along the ditch and he accepted that as a matter of choice because he always knew there was more than that for everyone else, and they needed help realizing that. Erin knew this, too.
But Kevin had to suppose he may have kept Erin too close to this ditch of hers for too long. She long strived for the remainder of the universe while he sacrificed the Sealy family for the sake of those who couldn’t find more without his help. It appears that in doing so, those closest to him were closest to the ditch for so long that they lost sight of everything else. 
He decided that the next day when Judy Kidde showed up, he would talk to her to her heart’s content whether Erin approved or not. By doing so, he wanted to show her they weren’t in this ditch, because they weren’t. The hope was to get her focused on something other than all the buzzing flies. 

Erin sat on the floor, hearing nothing but the buzzing flies all around her. She imagined Gabriel, Innocent, Nadine and Jeremy bloated and dirty, crying through crusted over milky eyes as the flies were so determined to feed from the endured cruelties oozing from them. Those who lined the ditch were all up there and looking down upon them with toothpaste smiles as they cast stones and vitriol, and their flash judgment. They continually replayed the footage of Nadine’s claim to fame, without any blurred editing, laughing and pointing out their favorite scenes. They held up and shook their copies of the newspaper and pointed to the articles describing how Sheriff Sealy allowed little girls to be mauled by freaks on the cold, bloodstained floors of the Beckston abattoir plants, with them being the most valuable meat ever sold from there. 
She imagined the encroaching sun searing the sensitive, swollen bodies of her children, raising a vapor of their burning flesh, shadowed only by the flies demanding their share. 
Upon the vision of the burning and hearing the hiss of their blood boiling away, Erin shook off the vicious hallucination and tried focusing on what was real. She was still there, sitting on the floor, frightened and despondent while lost in a miasma of misery. But the thought of the kids going through that pulled her from the internalizing, alarming her that her children needed her now, perhaps more than ever, before they were immersed in the muck. The world may have dismissed all of them, but she could not and would not dismiss her children. 
She rubbed her face with the heels of her hands, realizing it was swollen and irritated. She has been crying a lot, looking and feeling dreadful. Perhaps it was the new standard in facial expressions for her making her face so sore; after all, she’s always been a lady of calm and pleasant expression, so the misery and anguish is not something to which her face is accustomed. So, while it seems apparent there is no longer a place for her in this world, there is a place for her in the lives of her children, who may have a place in the world someday. Her inalienable right to the pursuit of happiness may have been revoked, but that isn’t necessarily so with the kids. 
Once she was in the present, she could hear discussions coming from the other room. Were they out there plotting against her despite her desire to sacrifice her life for theirs? Were they working out how they would toss her into the ditch while making it look as though she tossed herself in? No, it didn’t seem so. She could hear Nadine and that girl nurturing and cooing with the little ones. She wasn’t hearing anything from Jeremy, but that was a good sign indicating he was in his room and working on his odd drawings or reading those books. 
Erin struggled with her being okay with Nadine and Sam caring for Gabby and Noni. She didn’t think they would somehow be inappropriate or of ill will, but they had enough to worry about without the two kids. Besides, being a mother and their mother was all she had left. She found her way to her feet, stiff and sore, and looked around. She eased back a crack in the curtains to see if there was anyone out there, lurking in the shadows, but it was so dark that if they were out there, she couldn’t see them. 
She mustered the strength to make it to the bathroom with the idea of splashing some water on her face. She supposed she might feel better if her face didn’t feel so soiled, what with tear streaks she could actually feel, likely aggravated by the puffiness. She turned on the water and was slightly jolted by how chilled the water felt. She’s been hugging herself as she’s often wont to do when she’s anxious, and she’s also been sitting on her hands, so the coolness was abrupt compared to her body temperature. But it wasn’t a bad change, so she took handfuls of the running water and splashed it over her face. If the coolness of the water caught her hands off guard, it downright startled her face and neck. But that, too, was welcomed and she did it several times, embracing the cleansing. 
The act forced her to take in some deep breaths, and even that was waking. Realizing she’s been consumed in her concerns (another Erin Sealy tendency), she also realized she’s become consumed in her emotions. She pulled a towel from the shelf behind her and placed it gently over her face, dabbing the moisture away. Once she felt dry enough to set it down, she placed it on the edge of the sink and thought she felt a bit better. She looked into the mirror to see if the wetness on her shirt and hair was too much, and she cringed. 
If the sudden shock of the cool water made her flinch, the sight of her wretched appearance frightened her. She pulled back from the mirror as though who she saw there was unfriendly to any eye contact, but then she found the strength to look again to see what’s happening. Looking in the mirror, she could almost watch the lines deepen, her frown with them, and then that spot on the front of her chin start quivering without her consent. The image wavered as the tears welled in her eyes before their hot, salty tears soiled her face yet again, and then she openly cried. 
She realized how so many things in life were so similar at that moment. One could spend years developing good credit and easily destroy it in a matter of hours. One’s reputation needs but one indiscretion in Vegas (it’s supposed to stay there, but…) and their place in society could be stripped from them, not merely as a result of one’s unsavory doing but simply by proximity to another’s. Now, she saw, it was the same thing with her placid beauty. If there was one thing she was always confident in, it was she could appear anywhere and look appealing without the hassle of being too alluring. She prided herself in possessing the subtle beauty usually afforded catalog models; she was nicely attractive without the perpetual fascination some women suffered. She liked that she could be seen and inspire a smile without having it followed by a momentary fantasy. But if she wanted, if she made up to do it, she could make a man’s jaw go slack. 
But that was then and this is now. What she saw in the mirror was swollen, sullen, and void of any proper color. Her hair hung limp and flat, utterly surrendered to the ravages of gravity and social decay. Her complexion went from the creamy radiance she often heard described as porcelain-like to merely being translucent and sallow, exposing her to the outside world completely, emotionally, physically, and all too literally. 
“Erin, what’s wrong?” Kevin said as he stepped into the bathroom behind her.
Erin froze, almost to the point of being mannequin-like in her stillness and quiet, as she sensed him eye her from behind. It was then her despondency turned to seething anger. Her teeth clenched as she spun around, obviously startling him with her vicious ugliness as her yellowed, sullen eyes made contact with his gone wide. 
“What’s wrong? Are you serious? What’s wrong?”
She felt muscles twitch and flex as she pushed past him, in part to make the space between them and partly because he, or anyone else for that matter, should not see her looking the way she does. 
She went into the living room where she found Nadine and Sam entertaining Gabby and Noni. They were playing with the toys and games, goofing around and making faces with the little ones, and generally keeping everyone occupied. It was good, but Erin could tell the two tots were fighting sleep, and mainly because this new girl was nice, fun and pretty. 
It was the nice, fun and pretty one, Sam, who noticed Erin first.
“Oh, hello, Mrs. Sealy. Is there anything I can do for you?”
Erin quickly called in the strength she needed to create a gesture of civility, and with it, forced a smile. She quietly replied, “Thanks, but I don’t think so, sweetheart. I’ve had what a lot of people might confuse with a long day, and I think these two bubbly little things have, too. I’m going to bring Gabby and Noni in to sleep with me tonight, okay? I could use the company of an impartial jury right now, and the court seems to approve of these two. But would you be so kind as to help me wind them down and get them ready for bed? We’ll get them tucked in and then we’ll all try to sleep some of this off. We’ll see what a fresh morning tomorrow brings.”
“Mom, you look like you could really use the sleep,” Nadine said. “Are you sure they’ll be of help in bed with you?”
Thanks so much for that, precious, Erin thought, but she responded with, “Yes, they’ll be fine. They’ll sleep like rocks after a full day like this, and so won’t I.”
 Nadine and Sam were genuinely helpful with settling in Gabby and Noni, and the little ones cooperated well with wide yawns and little fists rubbing at tired eyes. As they were being fitted into their pajamas, they exhibited all the signs they’d knock out the moment they touched the pillows, clearly making them the silent buffers Erin sought.

The sight and sound of all of that clued Kevin in to the somber realization he was going to spend yet another night somewhere other than his own bed. But after thinking it through for a moment, he decided it was just fine. He knew she could use the sleep and the distance from him might actually be beneficial. He hoped so, because she was looking untethered and everyone else around her was growing concerned. Besides, despite the hour he didn’t desire any sleep for any time soon, anyway. He was more likely going to spend some escape time in front of the TV, listening to what the news had to say and then just passing the time. He’d escape to some other place in some TV show or movie, but first he wanted to know what the world might be saying about them. 
There was Judy Kidde and her news van earlier, but he was surprised they weren’t setting up spotlights in the front lawn while helicopters circled overhead. But what with Erin’s state, he felt thankful there was none of that. He could cope with a news van and even the cops, should they decide to come out this way. But an ambulance? Dear God, not now.
It made him feel better to see Nadine and Sam were coping rather well, at least for the time being. Tomorrow would be another day, but he doubted it would be much better, so he hoped these two girls stuck together on this. Despite her bizarre ways, this Sam seemed like a good kid although he knew her future would likely be an uphill battle. Kevin peeked in on Jeremy a couple times, and he was enthralled with whatever it was he was doing, so he was fine. The little ones were with Erin and surely sleeping deep. When it came to the kids, things were better than expected. That was particularly the case with the two girls, since they were wronged so badly. 
It appears the children were setting examples for the adults to follow. He hoped Erin was following the lead of the little ones, because what he saw emerge from the bathroom earlier chilled him. 
After Sam and Nadine helped Erin settle down the two tots and she quietly thanked them before closing the door, they came to him to say good night and turn in.
“We’ll see you in the morning, Dad,” Nadine said, looking like she could use the sleep. 
“Good night, Mr. Sealy, and thanks again for giving me a place to stay.” She looked like she was just a couple minutes from more tears when she said, “There aren’t many people who would’ve done anything other than tossed me in the street and said that’s where I belonged before they slammed the door. And I still feel so awful for the trouble I caused.”
“I told you before, Sam, you caused no trouble for anyone. It was my problems that compounded yours. You two try to get some sleep. I would imagine you’re not catching the bus tomorrow, so we’ll sit down over breakfast and try to figure out where this is going from here.”
He somewhat regretted mentioning anything reminding them of school; he could tell from their expressions that was a subject that would prove difficult for some time. But they rolled with the punch and Nadine said, “I’ll make breakfast in the morning.”
A moment later and he was all alone in the living room. It was just him and these worn out Teletubbies DVDs. He turned that off and started surfing channels.

Erin looked over to the little ones, with both of them falling asleep fast despite their exuberance that they get to sleep in Mommy’s bed, which is rare enough that it’s a treat. Kevin and she avoided it as best as possible because they knew from experience that if they made it a habit, it would become the norm and getting them to sleep in their own beds would be an endless battle. Erin was surprised it didn’t turn out that way with Jeremy. Nadine was approaching the third grade before they finally got her out of their bed, which is surely the culprit of why Jeremy arrived so much later than he could have. The space between Jeremy and Gabriel was merely because of the effectiveness of birth control, and Innocent was planned to be the final hurrah.
The room was dark yet somehow still too close and exposing, so she sat there on the edge of the bed and held herself, knowing sleep was not something for her that night, not that night, and she knew she would never enjoy a good night’s sleep ever again. Exhaustion was sure to overpower her now and again, but restful sleep abandoned her life along with everything else she found worthwhile within it, leaving her holding herself as she slid down the muddy embankment and listened to the flies as she watched the minutes and seconds tick by on the digital clock on the nightstand. There were no other light sources and the red LED display washed over the room with a subtle, bloodied haze. 
If there was anything left from her former world compared to this one she must endure for as long as she lived, it was that time moved at the same speed, and she found she needed to see that. She needed to know this was not a universe stuck in a still eternity. The passing of time promised an end of time, and such a glimmer of hope was the only mercy left. 

“So, what did they say?” her editor asked. 
“They wouldn’t even come to the door,” Judy replied. “I knocked over and over, and we could hear they were in there, but they wouldn’t come to the door. Lloyd and I came down to the little motel a few miles away from their house, and we’ll likely stay here until early morning. After that we’ll take point just outside their property. I want to be there when someone emerges, but tonight was a bust.”
“Well, even that’s a part of the story,” he said, which was a relief to Judy. The guy could be a pain in the ass when he wasn’t getting his way, but he’s right. The fact that they’ve holed up only adds to the drama. 
“So, we’re going to get some rest and then a chance to get cleaned up before they’re stirring in the morning. They could make a run for it in the dark of the night, but I doubt that’s where this is going. After all, there still isn’t anything stating anyone did anything illegal.”
“No, there isn’t. If my senses are on this at all, they’re about as victimized as victims can get, although I hate to admit that,” he said. “A part of me feels sad for these people, but another part states the story is what it is, so I would appreciate you guys being there as early as possible. Who knows, Judy? Sheriff Sealy might yet again provide another boost for your career. I just hope it isn’t something ugly. I love the news, but things for these people have been really shitty, so try to be somewhat sensitive, okay?”
“We will, but why do you say that?” she asked, getting that chill again.
“Because, these people have been through the ringer more times than I can count. A lot of headlines have been made with less drama than this,” he said. “They might be steeled up because of his place as an officer, but this is mainly a rural county. It isn’t as though he’s facing war zones every day. This thing has been twisting around for a while now, and my experience tells me everything reaches a breaking point sooner or later.”
“I think I got you,” was her response, but the hair on her neck rising up said something very different. 

Kevin watched the two cop dramas that come on before the news, wondering what planet these TV cops are supposed to be from. He did find it intriguing, though, how much they’re able to stuff into one hour. He supposed the clues have to fall into place just so before the perpetrators admitted to everything without any good reason to do so. But even so, it was a far cry from the so-called reality show, Cops. Christ, but he despised that show. Kevin simply resigned to the thought the cops who were actually competent and possessing an IQ somewhere near room temperature must be swept off the cutting room floor. When the cocksucker producers put out a Christmas episode entitled Ho Ho Ho’s, featuring prostitutes and busted Johns, that was it for Kevin. He never watched the show again. 
But once the news came on, they quickly caught his full attention.
But after a half hour of headlines, sports and weather, he found he waited for something not there. The Sealy situation didn’t even receive but the slightest mention. Throughout the entirety of the day, they were ecstatic in dragging his daughter through the streets, but for the evening news: “It appears things have gone quiet with the story revolving Sheriff Kevin Sealy and the arrested officers in question,” the anchor said. “But there has been some good news in that we’ve received word many of the girls trafficked through this region when the discovery was made have been safely returned to their homes and families. There will still be more for them to face, since they’ll likely be called to testify as this case still unfolds and Sheriff Sealy chooses to remain silent.”
That was bullshit, he knew, but they went on to say, “The parents of Samara Rivers, though, are facing numerous charges, ranging from contributing to the delinquency of a minor to several charges regarding child pornography. Officials are still trying to determine if the actions filmed were directed or truly recorded through hidden cameras. We’ll have more on this story as it develops. 
“After the break, our own Jason Morgan will be reporting the latest on how outdoor drinking fountains could be hazardous to your health, contribute to the brain damage of preadolescent children, and could potentially cost you your life. We’ll be right back after the break.”
“Really?” Kevin muttered as he leaned forward. “That’s all there is? Drinking fountains?”
He sat back, wondering what was really going on. There haven’t been any investigators knocking on the door, asking about Sam Rivers, and he knew there damn well should have been. She was a minor, for one thing, and she should have been brought in for some extensive questioning regarding her case, but there hasn’t been a finger lifted. They have to know where she is for so many reasons, and she is a big part of what’s now an international investigation. Besides, her car is sitting there in his goddamned driveway. 
There should have been at least some queries into how appropriate it was for her being where she is, what with how the stories relate on several levels. But yet, there hasn’t even been a single phone call. Judy Kidde wanted answers, but the media overtly ignored everything up to this point. He even looked at his phone, wondering if a call came in he missed. But no, there was nothing. 
“Larry, what in the hell are you up to?”

Erin sat there, shivering and crying, crying and shivering, with nothing to see but the minutes and seconds ticking away on the digital clock. Gabriel and Innocent have hardly moved since falling asleep, and Erin worried about them so much. She couldn’t even begin to confront what the horrible world had in store for them. She watched hundreds of minutes slip away knowing the only thing left to depend on was each minute came and went every sixty seconds, no matter what happened. 
While watching the clock, Erin was convinced Kevin, Nadine and Sam were in the other room whispering back and forth about they’re going to have to do about her, and conspiring to ensure the world saw that everything was her doing and fault. Could they work out a way to implicate her in the crimes committed by Sam’s parents? It was almost certain they could, since when it comes to matters of manipulating the law, Kevin was a master. In case anyone doubts that, all they have to do is take a look at how he’s destroyed her life so far.
Erin wracked her brain trying to figure out how Kevin’s been doing it when she realized he’s been in cohorts with the FBI he’s been complaining about. When men cheat on their wives, they invariably mention the other woman in what they believe is innocent conversation, working on their plan to build a case revolving around it just happened. Kevin talks far too much about some FBI agent he supposedly only met a few times. 
“You son of a bitch,” she spat. “You no good son of a bitch. You conspiring, hateful, evil, vile son of a bitch…”

Kevin’s always been a good cop who knew how to wait for it when it comes to a good stakeout. Rather than sit in this and stew, he’d wait for Larry to tip his hand. Kevin assumed digging around would stir something up, but this Larry was good at keeping things close to the vest. He thought he might taunt Larry into doing something when he accused him of slander, but thus far nothing came out of that.
“Unless he had something to do with the kiddie porn popping up on the news.”
No, he couldn’t have done that, could he? It wasn’t as if Larry set it all up, coaxing Nadine and Sam to do what they did in front of a camera just to whack the local sheriff. It wasn’t as though he had some alluring carrot on a stick drawing Nadine into the den of sin with the intent of doing in her own father. If Larry was that good, things would surely be very different. 
So, what is it then? What is Stevenson up to?
Kevin shook his head, realizing he still needed these thoughts to simmer. He turned the TV on and flipped though the channels, realizing a farmer isn’t going to benefit his crops by pulling on the shoots in the hopes they’ll grow faster. He’d wait and watch, knowing he felt electricity in the air and a snake in waiting. His instincts couldn’t provide a window into the future, but they gave him a glimpse, and he knew something was poised to pounce. 

Hundreds and hundreds, perhaps thousands and thousands of minutes watched come and go reveal a lot of things about the world, Erin found out. The pinpoint focus fosters a sense of perception in one hitherto never thought possible, but once she had it, everything made so much sense. Yes, she had that level of perception now; not only could she see the seconds pass by in the dark, she could see everything with the clarity of a crystal. Her eyes, her heart, her mind and her soul saw all they could not see before, and she knew. She knew what was going on, and what she needed to do. Although she wasn’t sure why things had to happen the way they do, she was confident those answers would soon come as she peered into the passing of the instants.
“You sons of bitches,” she hissed as she dug her nails into her ribcage while holding herself tighter and tighter. “You bastard children of the whores of Satan. You pathetic cowards from under the rocks of the bowels of Hell. I can see you now; I can see you and what it is you plan to do.”
Then in a moment of clarity, brought to her by all that is good in the world, Erin Sealy achieved an epiphany. She pulled her nails from where they buried into her flesh beneath her breasts and casually wiped the blood on her pajama pants. Then she got down on her knees and looked under the bed. While it should be utterly dark and she shouldn’t be able to see anything, she saw what she was destined to see with the reddish glow of the clock glimmering up and down the barrel. She sucked the remnants of thickening blood from her fingers and pulled the ultimate answer from under the bed. 

It’s been quite some time since Kevin just relaxed in front of the TV, but he fell right into the mood of it. He’s enjoyed nearly a six-pack, although he’s never been much of a drinker. He nursed the beers and enjoyed watching some of the late movies. He watched the latest Star Trek to come out in recent years, thinking he’d be disappointed, which was why he never watched it before, but he found he really enjoyed it. He liked the cast and thought they were great choices and he was reminded about how there was some special allure in green women. He recalled the same thought when he watched the old original series as a kid, and he felt it again here. 
A bit later and he was in the middle of the Speed Racer movie that flopped, although he found it entertaining. By the time he recognized the guy from the TV show Lost (there must be something in the water with this Abrams guy), he saw Judy Kidde’s van pull up and park across the street. 
“Okay, here we go,” he muttered as the headlights went out.
The world of reality crept back in and he considered looking in on Erin and the babies, but he wasn’t sure it would be a good idea to stir anything up at this hour. If he woke Erin, who was always a light sleeper, anyway, and she saw the van was back, she’d likely be unbearable. He decided it was better to let this alone for now, as the morning would come soon enough. He looked at his watch and frowned, realizing the morning was actually upon them. 

So, this is how it goes down, she thought. She made sure the shotgun was loaded just as the coconspirators tried sneaking their van up in front of the house. She heard it slowly rumbling along from miles and miles away thanks so much to her divinely inspired heightened sense of awareness, and she saw them park in the dark, thinking they were so clever. She listened to hear if Kevin might try to sneak out there to meet them and confirm their nefarious plans, but no. He was out there drinking beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer after beer, stoking his flaccid courage in order to betray and destroy the mother of his children. 
“We’ll see, won’t we,” she said as she dug for and sucked the blood from under her nails.

“Do you think anyone knows we’re here?” Judy asked, feeling every hair on her arms and neck prick against her. She wasn’t sure if it was her imagination or the lack of sleep (she barely slept three hours before the alarm blared, and those were not a sound three hours), but there was something touching on her senses. 
“I don’t know, but I doubt it,” Lloyd said, running on less sleep than Judy as he settled down into the driver’s seat. 
He made it clear he intended on dozing while they waited. She wanted to do the same thing, sort of powering down like a soldier in an APC on the way to the front, but she was afraid someone might sneak out of the Sealy home while they slept. That would feel too much like a cataclysmic failure, and besides, there was something in the air too itchy to allow any of that. But Judy was tired (it was an odd hour on top of very little sleep) and her mind was playing games with her, dancing within some sort of subtle dream state. She imagined Samara Rivers sneaking up and stuffing a banana into the tailpipe, giggling to herself why she did it. Then her mind wandered to Miss Rivers getting something stuffed into her tailpipe, and that forced Judy to sit up straight and rub her eyes in order to wake up. Awake or not, Judy knew the poor Miss Rivers would inspire such images in the minds of people for a long time to come.
But here, at the Sealy home, there was much more than that. There was something else pervading close, something mysterious, something foreboding, like a cloaked UFO hovering just overhead while its inhabitants plotted the mutilation of more prized cattle, giving no hint to their intent or whereabouts except for the electromagnetic feedback from their antigravity manipulators. Judy sensed some sort of insidious static, keeping her both awake and on a paranoid edge. 
She wanted to keep talking to Lloyd, asking questions and maintaining the dialogue, if for nothing more than to keep things real, much on the same way a man will whistle to himself while walking in the dark in order to maintain his failing courage. But then, she wanted to let him snooze so he’d be fresh when the moment arrived. She looked at her watch and realized there wouldn’t be any usable daylight for at least three hours, so she dismissed the dread by entertaining some questions she might ask once someone in there breaks the momentum of the standoff. She imagined several scenarios and knew she’d have to prevent something like blazing up the driveway and blitzing someone with incoherent questions while Lloyd aimed a large camera at them. 
What she desired most was walking to the door and knocking politely, asking for an interview as opposed to rushing the first one emerging. Then, she wondered what would be the appropriate time to do so. Would seven be too early, or too late, or...?
“Damn it,” she mumbled, breaking loose a smidge of her irritation.
Lloyd jumped in his seat, looking around. “What’s going on? Do you see someone?”
“Wow, you’re like some sort of commando or something, Lloyd,” she said, enjoying a reason to smile. “No, I’m just beating myself up for not getting this to go the way I wanted it to go.”
Lloyd relaxed back into his seat. He picked up the thermos from the floor and poured some coffee into the top that was the cup, making Judy recognize such a thing truly was a clever invention.
“I got you, but what can you do?” he asked while sipping the coffee. Judging from the way he winced as he did so, it was either strong, very hot, or just bad. Since it came from the motel’s lobby, it could be a ghastly combination of the three.
“Yeah, but it still blows. I want to be sitting with them at their kitchen table, sipping on coffee a lot better than that, getting everything they have to offer.”
“Yeah, and I want a freaky, drunken weekend with six of the hottest NFL cheerleaders, but there you go,” he said as he choked down another sip of the coffee.
“Somehow, that isn’t helping me, Lloyd.”
“Me, either, but it is what it is.”
“Have you ever noticed how that phrase illustrates how something sucks, mostly for you?”
But his point was correct. Regardless of what happens, it is what it is.

Kevin must have fallen asleep shortly after the news van pulled up, because he woke to the scent of fresh coffee and a room hazy with the dawn’s early light. He looked ahead and saw there was something new about Tiger Woods on the TV, but he quickly dismissed it as he was more interested in what was going on in the house. He figured that’s how it would be with most people regarding his story before much longer. He overheard Nadine and Sam talking to Jeremy in the kitchen, asking him if he wanted any orange juice to go with his cereal. He knew enough to know Nadine likely offered him some eggs and sausage, mainly because he could smell those, too, but he knew the boy wouldn’t have anything to do with that. Jeremy might have the occasional scrambled egg as long as it was drowned in ketchup, but otherwise he preferred his cereals and their activities on the back of the box. As for juice in the morning, he long preferred grape juice to orange juice, but the grape juice was gone.

Erin stood in the darkest part of the room, a sentry at the ready, watching the clock as millions upon millions of minutes ticked by, hearing the babies still slept so soundly. 
“Come on, you vile monsters,” she hissed through bloodstained teeth. “Will you just come the fuck on?”

Kevin went into the kitchen and sat down, and he immediately had an alluring omelet placed in front of him. “Wow, this looks amazing. Who made this?”
“I made it, Mr. Sealy,” Sam said. “I hope you like it.”
After a few bites, he said, “Sam, you should consider a future as a Chef, because you would be good at it.”
“Thank you. I have another plate keeping warm in the microwave for Mrs. Sealy, but she hasn’t been up yet,” she said just before sipping some of the orange juice. 
Kevin looked up and forgot about the food he just swallowed. Erin does not sleep late, ever. The woman has never slept in this late in all the time he’s known her.
He looked to Nadine and said, “Would you mind going in and checking on her? That’s just a little weird.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Nadine said through a mouthful of food. 
“You guys stay here and enjoy your breakfast,” Sam said, getting up and retrieving the plate from the microwave. “I’ll knock and ask her if she would like some breakfast.”
Before Kevin had the chance to object, Sam was already walking down that way. He wanted to object but felt awkward about being rude, although he shared an apprehensive glance with his daughter. 

Erin had watched the zillions of minutes tick by without fail, afraid the little ones might stir before she had the chance to carry out her plans. She wasn’t really going to miss out on this quest, was she? A crease seared her forehead as she thought her heightened senses were betraying her like everything else. But no, her forehead’s crease was replaced by a greasy smile when she heard a gentle knock on the door. 
“Mrs. Sealy? This is Samara. I made some breakfast and wanted to know if you would like anything. I have some coffee and I took the liberty of making you an omelet.”
“Would you please come in, Samara? I might need some help with the little ones.”
Erin smiled, exhibiting the radiant beauty she always did so easily, with her beauty only marred by the heavy bloodstains in and around her mouth, caused by hours of digging her nails into the flesh around her ribs and then sucking the blood from her hands. Aside from the dripping blood and torn flesh around her torso, and the fact that she hasn’t properly slept or showered in days and hasn’t maintained the hair hanging all around her face, she exhibited her radiant beauty and warm, bloody smile. 
Her smile widened when she saw Sam noticed the two sleeping children before she noticed her standing in the shadows while holding a cold shotgun. She was confident Samara never clued in to what was about to go down, delighted with the thought that the skank would descend into the horrid depths of Hell, taken completely by surprise. Erin knew with no doubt this was exactly how things would go when she leveled the shotgun and fired, seeing Sam’s head fall to one side after the 12 gauge round tore through the left side of Sam’s neck, leaving only a small amount of flesh and the intact spine keeping her head attached to the dying body quivering on the floor. 
What Erin’s heightened perceptions failed to consider was how loud the shot would be (it was quite deafening), and although she enjoyed killing the whore who orchestrated the systematic destruction of her daughter’s future, she failed to anticipate the sudden overwhelming pressure and ringing in her ears. She expected the boom, of course, but not the complete loss of hearing replaced with only a shrill whine. Well, what was worse than that was her hearing wasn’t entirely gone. Beyond the high tone of hearing damage, she heard the screaming of Gabriel and Innocent well enough to interfere with the ringing overpowering her heightened senses, causing her to lose focus of her plans. Caught up in the whirlwind of panic, she turned to the two shrieking children covered with the blood of Samara Rivers and fired two blasts in their direction, immediately witnessing their small bodies devastated by the explosive power. 

Kevin almost completely fell out of his chair. The gunfire just happened to occur when he had a large amount of food in his mouth, and he choked. The mouthful of delightful omelet combined with some fresh sausage, all softened up with a sweet sip of pure premium orange juice, lodged in his windpipe and he was choking, leaving him instinctively overcome with the onset of panic. While struggling with the complete inability to breathe, Nadine, just a few feet from him, jumped to her feet and screamed in the shrillest voice he’s ever heard.
The impact of the moment shocked him so much that he felt woozy from both the surprise of unexpected gunfire and the cutoff of air. The room started spinning at that point while he tried remaining in the chair by holding onto the table to keep from falling to the floor, all while Nadine was in utter panic. She was bouncing and running in place by the sink with her hands over her face, clearly not knowing what else to do. In a moment of bizarre chance, he caught a glimpse of his reflection in a butter knife by his plate; the butter knife he intended on using to spread cream cheese on a toasted bagel he always enjoys with a good breakfast, free of any spread but reflecting the expression of eyes reddened and wide with terror. 
Kevin, now at the risk of losing blood pressure and fainting, forced himself to his feet as he heard yet two more shotgun blasts from the far side of the house, where his wife and children, and Sam, were located. The room was wavering, going dark, and for a moment, a genuinely absurd moment, he thought he would die choking on his breakfast while his family was dismantled around his incapacitated body. He saw images of his life flash before him, and the last of these images were ones of pathetic mockery. The entire world would laugh and joke about what a complete Doofus Sheriff Kevin Sealy really was, with late night talk show hosts and Comedy Central specials dedicated to ridiculing him with skits, animated movies, and sock puppets. Upon seeing he was upon such a cusp, he kicked his feet off from underneath him and landed hard on his back. 
The wad of masticated food was expelled from him in such a way that it propelled straight above him, only to come straight down into his watery eyes. While wiping at his face, he coughed and sputtered while regaining the life-giving air back into his body. He rolled over and got to his knees, blinking fast and sucking in air even faster, but he still saw at his eye level in the kitchen corner his son sitting on the floor with his hands over his face, on the verge of shock. 
As soon as Kevin had enough breath in him, he yelled out, “Nadine! You need to call 911! Call them right now! What is it you’re going to do right now?”
“Oh, uh, I need to call 911,” she gasped, taking hold. “I have to report shots fired in our home.”
“Good enough, Nadine,” he said while getting to his feet and coughing up what was left in his throat. “You keep your head and make that call. I am going to find out what’s going on, and I want you to stay here with Jeremy.”

Shooting and killing Gabriel and Innocent wasn’t part of her master plan, was it? How could her heightened senses of perception so completely betray her, allowing her to commit the most unforgivable act ever? She couldn’t hear much of anything but the muffled alarms shrieking in her inner ears, damaged to the point they’d almost surely never recover, but she saw and smelled the disaster created by decimating with shotgun blasts her two babies and a girl named Sam who made her breakfast. She could not hear but only feel her own horrifying screams.
He heightened senses of awareness either abandoned her or simply found her unworthy, but they provided just enough insight for her to recognize it was time to stop the madness. For whatever reason, there was still no Kevin or Nadine rushing in, so there was no one to stop her final solution as she placed the butt of the shotgun on the floor and leaned over to place the barrel against her forehead. Adding to the freaky scene, she sputtered out a laugh as she realized she looked like those she’s seen on TV, placing a ball bat like this and spinning in place until they’re so dizzy they can’t stand up. In a moment of perverse hilarity, she was tempted to imitate the act. But past her bloodstained smile and shattered remains of three children, she thought she caught a hint of Nadine screaming in the distance. It was a hint that the party was over, so she reached down, placed her thumb on the trigger, and pushed it until there was nothing else to know or endure. 
One day in Teletubby Land, Erin Sealy destroyed the lives of three children with a shotgun, and then her own.

Kevin’s composure and oxygen count were quickly coming back as he rushed down the hallway after he was sure Nadine called 911. But his composure made it clear to him he didn’t want to do this; the lack of screaming from the little ones or the reappearance of Sam made that more than clear. In fact, all he heard was Nadine’s sheer pleas to whomever it was she was talking to on the phone, and then another blast. 
He didn’t have a weapon on him and it went against everything ingrained in him as a cop to rush into the scene unarmed, but he somehow knew it didn’t matter. Upon rushing into the bedroom where his wife and he shared their love and built their family, the first victim he saw was Samara, dead and grotesquely disfigured. There was a flashing instinct to go to her and try to help, but then he saw the awful scene of the two babies who clearly died so frightened and confused. At that moment, his world began spinning yet again. As his world crumbled around him, he pulled off his shirt with the futile desire to stop any bleeding and maybe save a life. 
It was quickly obvious the only life remaining in the room was his own, and the realization of this somehow detached his reality, making everything seem as though it was a heinous nightmare. In this weird dream he faintly noticed in the distance Kevin Sealy screaming frantically as he committed the bizarre act of rushing to the two dissembled children and scooping up their devastated remains, trying to console what was left the best way he could. 
He could hear Kevin saying things through the sobs, things like, “Oh God, I am so sorry”, and, “Daddy loves you both so, so much,” along with other emoted pleas lost in the haze. The haze transformed into a thick miasma of dread and misery when his slipped on his dead wife’s blood and brains, costing him what unsure footing he had left and bringing his dead children’s remains down on top of him after he struck his head hard on the corner of the nightstand. 
He felt the cold stickiness on the floor and heard Kevin screaming somewhere fairly nearby as he pushed the bodies of the babies off from him just so he could turn to one side and see just less than half of Erin’s torn face looking right at him. It was mostly the upper half of the head; the jaw was absent and most of the nose was lost in the gore, but that one eye looked directly at him. Next to the grisly section of expression was the rest of his wife, easily oozing blood from the neck and lower jaw onto the bedroom carpet Erin’s been so obsessed in keeping clean.
Based on the evidence at this crime scene, Sheriff Kevin Sealy likely made the assumption things went out of control. His mind, overwhelmed by the presence of the blood of his family, was unsure of what to do as he struggled to get up and retrieve the suspected murder weapon and consider his next move. Off in the distance, he saw Kevin holding the shotgun, confident it needed to be turned in for evidence despite how apparent it was that the scene left Kevin Sealy screaming in horror and panic. 
Awed and terrified, he looked up to see Kevin Sealy in Erin’s full length mirror. There he was, Sheriff Kevin Sealy, standing amidst the gore and offal of his murdered wife and children along with a tormented teen he barely knew. He saw Kevin in the mirror, covered with everyone’s splattered flesh and blood, seeing it dripping from his elbows, chin and nose, while he stood clutching the weapon responsible. There, off in the distance of that stained reflection, he could hear Kevin Sealy crying and screaming at that reflection as it showed him the serious head wound above his left eye, pouring a lot of blood. 
“How could you do these things, you bastard?” he yelled at Kevin. “How could you murder your family like this? How could you take the lives of people who were so innocent and beautiful? You murderous son of a bitch!”
Then, after hearing Kevin berate him for the heinous crimes he committed, he dismissed him because, wasn’t everything so obvious? He reached towards his head, touching the squishy spot, realizing he must have been attacked? Yes, he must have been hit by, well, something and someone. Has he been shot? He had to blink away and wipe away the blood, allowing him to see those he…
He heard another person in the distance, and it wasn’t Kevin. He clutched his breath to hear who it was. 
Well, so it seems this judicial streak isn’t over yet. That was Nadine he could hear screaming and yelling out there, and she’s been such a bad girl. 
He left the bedroom in order to investigate the domestic disturbance taking place. After all, he is the sheriff around here and he cannot allow a disruption like that to go unanswered. He no sooner rounded the corner when he encountered Nadine, who was holding a cell phone in her hand. 
It became so weird for him because a part of him felt as though he was integral in what was going on while another part of him knew he was there to stop the madness. But regardless of intentions, he was standing there shirtless and covered with a lot of blood while sporting a very nice Remington 12 gauge shotgun. 
For whatever reason, Nadine started screaming like she was long ago, back when shots were heard from another part of the house and her father instructed her to call 911. He watched her scream and bounce in panic while he struggled to regain a timeline of what’s been taking place. Just when was it when he heard those first shots, and why? It wasn’t during the last birthday party they held for Nadine, was it? Was it during the Christmas party they had, when Erin’s father drank too much eggnog and fell asleep by the tree? That would be peculiar, because he didn’t think it was cold enough and the oil in the snow blower needs changing. 
But that Nadine wasn’t helping the situation at all, and got annoying fast. All she had to say when she stopped acting so ridiculous was, “No, Daddy. Please don’t do this. I love you so much, Daddy.”
Light bulbs needed changing and laws had to be upheld, so he leveled the shotgun towards her and pulled the trigger, seeing the blast tear a serious hole through her narrow abdomen. She wobbled and then fell to her knees, and in a rush to help Kevin’s daughter he fired off another shot in her direction, this time through her face and head. This was a horrible thing to see and the blasts reverberated through his staved skull, forcing him to confront the ringing and pressure. 
He looked to where the phone was on the floor, seeing it was still connected to someone out there. He wanted to pick it up and chat with whoever it was, wondering if there was a pizza on the way, but they ought to know how he likes it after ordering it the same way billions of times. It was then he looked over and saw Jeremy, looking at him as though he was some sort of monster. 
Obviously, Jeremy, with his disabilities and limitations, wasn’t grasping the situation. The poor kid hasn’t seen the ball since kickoff. Then, in one of those fits Jeremy is wont to display, he picked up Erin’s favorite vase and through it right at him. This expensive vase, which was among those Kevin Sealy paid a mint for when they were window shopping along the streets of Berlin, shattered against the wall right by his head, sending shards of broken glass directly into his head wound. He reached up and felt the shards worming their way into the spongy wound, where he felt what were likely bone fragments dancing with the glass, and a marked lack of patience with the tantrums. 
Annoyed by the outburst, Kevin pumped the shotgun with the intent of cocking it but only succeeded in ejecting a round from the chamber, sending it rolling across the floor. He picked it up and looked at it, knowing it was supposed to do something, when out of the corner of his eye he saw Jeremy run out the front door. He forgot what he went after the shell for and just stuffed it in his pocket, figuring it would come back to him when the time was right.
“You don’t want to go out there, Jeremy! The media is out there by the road, buddy. They’re just going to want to know how this makes you feel.”
Concerned the poor boy is out there running around in the crisp weather without a jacket along with knowing it was the end of the road for the Sealy family, he followed Jeremy outside, even though he was sure the speech he prepared for the media was in his other suit. He knew it appeared awkward to chase this boy around the front of the house with a shotgun, but he had this, this thing. After all, how could Jeremy, with all of his afflictions, possibly make it alone in this crazy world? Using a shotgun to take down the boy wasn’t something he longed to do, but leaving him to endure a life on his own was just too cruel. Besides, he’s been chasing the boy with the gun for close to a month, and things were getting monotonous. 
He noticed Judy Kidde’s van was right across the street, but he didn’t have time to give a statement at the moment, what with his speech surely being in his other briefcase, and they would have to accept that. It would have been nice to catch up on things with Judy, making him wonder how Peter Volans was doing these days, but pressing issues kept him moving towards the tasks at hand rather than amusing reminiscence. 
Kevin found Kevin moving towards the northern side of the house, suddenly chilled in the morning dank as the congealing blood pulled in the cold. But he knew Kevin could cowboy up long enough to take care of business, confident all of this would be over very soon. After all, he was pretty sure the authorities were on the way and they would write some hefty tickets. Besides, Kevin knew Kevin had to be stopped, and that could be done by leveling the shotgun at the officers, even though he knew he’d never fire upon them what with him being such a good man, but they would open fire just like that. But, he couldn’t allow it to get to that point until Jeremy was sent along with the rest of the family, because the boy just couldn’t get there on his own. 
Kevin knew precisely where Jeremy was going as he ran. Like he often did when he sought some alone time outside, Jeremy ran for the shelter of the Climbing Nightshade growing alongside the barn. That’s where he sought solace when he was angry or sad, so Kevin supposed it was a fitting place for the boy to find solace in his very last moments. The Climbing Nightshade seemed such a fitting illustration for the Sealy family album cover; it was quite attractive from a distance, but poisonous and discomforting through too much exposure and not something those with good sense would chance any tangle.
Kevin looked over his shoulder when something bright and flashing caught his good eye. Well, would you look at that; there were some old friends stopping by to join the party. Well, they likely meant business and he doubted they brought any beer, so Kevin realized he better pick up the pace if he was going to make things happen the way they were supposed to. The heroes were moving in fast and Jeremy was trembling within the dew-covered Climbing Nightshade, resisting his true fate when he should just suck it up, much in the same way he does when his mother encourages him to eat his vegetables. He looked again to see his old colleagues moving in fast, so Kevin knew he had to move fast. 
“Jeremy? Jeremy, I know you’re in there, boy, and I want you to know you don’t have to be afraid anymore.”
Still shaking off some of the ringing in his ears and the blood running into his eyes from the wound on his head, Kevin got down on one knee and aimed the shotgun directly at the boy he saw through the thick of the overgrowth. This was going to have to be like things were when a loose tooth needed pulling. There was no point in agonizing over it; the best way was to take hold and yank it like you mean it. 
He looked to see the police were moving in fast, and then he noticed Judy and her cameraman were watching the entire thing. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he felt glad he was able to spend some special moments with Judy even though they never really got to know one another. First there was the situation with Peter Volans, and now there was this little nugget boosting her career to unforeseen heights. He smiled and then looked back to Jeremy, took aim and pulled the trigger. 
Although he couldn’t hear it, he felt the click of the shotgun firing dry. 
“Damn it, Jeremy. Son, I am so sorry about all of this,” Kevin said when he realized he had only one round, which was in his pocket. He could use the round to rescue his son, but he knew such a fate was not in the cards after all. Kevin knew Kevin couldn’t be taken alive. 
“Jeremy, you need to know that I now know I cannot kill you. I’m going to have to leave you here with everyone else. But I want you to know that I love you, so, so much, and I want you to know none of this happened out of hate or anger. You’ve really been a great kid.”
While speaking to his son, he quickly loaded the last round into the shotgun and pumped it into the chamber. He then placed the butt of the shotgun firmly on the ground and then nestled his chin onto the barrel, feeling down for where the trigger was located. 
“I realize that all of this was such an ugly and horrible thing for you to bear, Jeremy, but now you have to try to be better than the rest of us. I know for a fact that you’re going to be working with Nina May, so you need to be your best and strongest, okay?”
Out of the corner of his eye he could see the officers were mere yards from him, forcing him to see if he didn’t do this now, he would lose the chance forever. 
He turned to look in the eyes of his sobbing son. This was all so hard, so wrong, and so ridiculous that it had to turn out this way. But it is what it is.
He looked at Jeremy through welling tears and said, “I love you, my son.”
Kevin Sealy firmly pushed down on the trigger of the shotgun, and for him, it was all over.

After all the months that passed since the grisly incident took place at the Sealy home, Nina May Rourke was eventually on the verge of giving up. Through all that time, she, along with some of the best minds in the business of working with autistic children worked tirelessly with Jeremy, but his shattered mind only continued down a darkened spiral of steady withdrawal. Within just a couple weeks after the incident, the only attempts at communication from the boy were his arcane drawings. 
Nina May could tell Jeremy so desired everyone see what it was he wanted them to see, but it just wasn’t happening. After demonstrating his surrender to the realization there was no one recognizing the messages he tried to convey, Jeremy Sealy lost himself in the stories he continually wanted more of (indicated only by the ones he read piled at the door, opened to the last page and left face down) and left the truth of what took place that infamous day buried in his mind for the remainder of time. 
Within a few more months, everything in Jeremy’s mind was trapped there as the boy continued in his withdrawal and eventually shut down. He wouldn’t move, wouldn’t eat or drink, and eventually had to be placed on a feeding tube. But they knew he was in there, as his expression continually told everyone who saw him he wished he was not. This expression of Jeremy’s was the only effective communication he demonstrated after witnessing what he did, but it didn’t matter and wouldn’t for almost another four years.
Nina May never truly gave up, though, and within a matter of time Jeremy’s drawings were sent to experts across the globe, even long after his death. His drawings were submitted for examination by many of the world’s super computers and finest code breaking software, but they never discovered what was said through the tangles of Climbing Nightshade allowed to run rampant on the Sealy family home. 

Lawrence Stevenson quietly praised the Sealy family almost daily after their newsworthy incident took place. The former Sheriff Kevin Sealy (may this idiot rest in peace) opened doors for his Human Trafficking ring he hitherto didn’t even know were there. 
Approximately one year before he met Sheriff Sealy, Lawrence moved his trafficking crew to Sweeney County and the surrounding regions, primarily because of the rural nature of things, all of them equipped with the finest in forged ID’s and references, and Sealy’s human resources department lapped them up. This was done mostly because other routes out of Central and South America were becoming beaten paths and too predictable for the law enforcement not appreciative of the greatest revenue creation system ever devised. The thing was, the eastern routes were originally supposed to be temporary and throw off the dogs. 
The bigger game plan was to move routing west, perhaps through Texas, Arizona and Nevada from where they would move north to Canada, but the dogs needed something to lick. Therefore, Lawrence concocted the caper of a trafficking ring dropped onto the heads of the local hicks. The idea was to make it look as though evidence against local people would be slim and messy, but the plants he placed would be arrested and eventually convicted. Of course, the actual situation would be they would merely change identities and move to another location, but the locals would end up looking like heroes and create a lingering scent for the FBI to keep sniffing. 
These pockets of contrived crime scenes were working well as they kept the relatively small teams the FBI devoted to the crimes busy in their use of resources. 
But then comes along this backyard barbeque hero known as Sheriff Kevin Sealy. It turned out Sealy was a bit more popular, and smarter, than Lawrence first assumed, and too many lingering stories made the entire situation far more popular than he first intended. Actually, the little dot on the map eventually became known globally and really turned into a serious liability. The original idea was to place the cop on administrative leave for a little while so he could catch up on some fishing and running chainsaws, but catching the public’s attention ended up being a habit this Sealy character couldn’t shake loose. 
Lawrence was bogging down with flaccid ideas on how to cope with the situation and just get away from it when one of his wholesalers discovered flicks being sold internationally out of the local area, and an episode starred the Sheriff’s angelic daughter with the sassy mouth. Why, thank you so much for that. Lawrence assumed this might shut the sheriff up long enough for him to exercise damage control on behalf of his daughter’s honor. Despite the obvious choreography on behalf of Lawrence and his staff regarding the media, the shiny story of Nadine and eventually the whole Hee Haw gang kicked the scent off from everything he was working to attain. Then, when Sealy popped a spring and sucked in every aspect of focus possible, Lawrence was open to operate without fear. 
Thanks to these unforeseen blessings of good fortune, Lawrence Stevenson’s operations are running at peak performance. He’s since been able to reinvigorate numerous waning traffic lanes and the so-called victims discovered in the Beckston abattoir plants and returned home have since been recouped and sold for even better prices due to their unique celebrity statuses. In fact, the lanes are moving so well they’ve been able to increase production on South American product and add the long-desired Polynesian. 
Thanks so much to Sheriff Kevin Sealy and Stevenson’s inside connections as an FBI and former CIA agent, business is booming at stunning speeds. The traffic lanes through upstate New York are still running smoothly since some hick sheriff made it seem as though all was well and over. 
In fact, since the entire ordeal helped create such a major boom in business for Lawrence Stevenson and his operation, he’s since placed a picture of the Sealy family in his den, forever reminding him of just how valuable the endless commodity of humanity can be, on so many different levels. 

Roddy- December 4, 2011

