The Hill
Paul Quinn

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For Kathryn and Amy.
Headlights through dark tunnels.


Asleep or awake,
In dreams we find our way.
In nightmares we are lost.


Part one
Summer

Prologue

The full moon shines in a twinkling sky, more often than not, a solitary witness to the malevolence that occurs amid the busy corridors of life. 
 During the day the vile and sinful shift among the innocent like pale shadows and every once in a while they may be found at home with their black foul plots and ruminations, craftily guarded from minds too naive to notice the infrequent oddity that they exude, occasionally with purpose, but mostly not.
 In the evening when they are fully prepared and when they can contain their hunger no longer they come, in their various guises, like predators on African plains, to take down the weakest prey, or those easily deceived.
 And this evening is no exception as The Hunter enters a new land. For him it is a land saturated in opportunity and possibility. With no awareness of him it is a land he will find easy to exploit. 
 And if one were to die as a result from his hand then he would truly feel the guilt and it would clutch his heart like a wrench on a rusting bolt like it has so often before.  
 In his darkest moments, when he reaches into the deepest part of his mind to search out the reasons, he finds only the many names he has given himself, clumsily scrawled on yellowing scraps of paper with ever changing ink. ‘The Hunter’ is today’s, a new name for a new land. In the past he has called himself ‘The Abusive One,’ ‘The Evil Genius,’ ‘The Wicked One,’ ‘The Evil Doer,’ ‘Mischief Maker,’ and last though by no means least ‘The Killer.’
 Sadly, he has been all of these names in his time and others he would never confess to. ‘Insane,’ though not self-given, was just one of the many.
 Before she went one of the last things she said to him, no screamed to him, in a voice on its way to the grave was this: “My son you have become insane, certifiable, you have a mental illness born from the very depths of hell itself!” 
 This was more than he could endure, that was the day of ‘The Killer.’ 
 The wrench’s grip was tight that night. Nevertheless, by the following morning, he had picked himself up and brushed himself down and had recorded the name on the yellowing paper. The day after the funeral he packed his few belongings and set off for a new land.
 On this night, as with any other when he is out and about, he carries with him an array of tools and trinkets to help complete his evening’s task. His favourite was always the stainless steel scalpel. Beautifully crafted and highly polished it would slice flesh with little effort. Recently he purchased one made from titanium. It is incredibly strong and light and ideal when dealing with low amounts of fat and thickly coiled cramped muscle. This one is his favourite now. He will hold it in high regard and see it as an extension of his beautiful and long, smooth fingers. 
 Occasionally, he has been guilty of overdoing it, perhaps making a larger than necessary wound, gushing beyond repair, causing too much damage and leading to unforeseen fatalities. He dreads those nights and the very thought of them sends a stabbing pain deep in his chest. 
 Sometimes, and tonight is no exception, in a small rucksack, he also carries pre-prepared raw meat, cut into pieces and injected with his own special recipe, wrapped in foil and sealed for freshness. 
 Finally, whenever he is out and about on his nightly visits he wears thick black leather gloves to help protect him from his would be assailants. He knows only too well that it wouldn’t do to harm those precious fingers. 
 The Hunter steers the car into a lay-by and consults his A-Z, singing a tune as he reads, ‘They call me the hunter, that’s my name, call me the hunter that's how I got my fame.’ 
 Satisfied, not only of his whereabouts, but also of his tone, he makes a mark on the book with a pen. Just a small star, there as a reminder. 
 Unlatching the car door he gets out and studies his watch. The moonlight is ample, shining down like a giant torch. Reading the time, the big hand is at the top, the little hand is on number two, he can see it is two in the morning and smiles then stifles a yawn.
 Feeling like Christopher Columbus he looks around at the foreign and unfamiliar surroundings with excitement, absorbing as much information as his senses will allow before making his way along the quiet lane.
 Watching and listening for signs of movement as he makes his way, and patting the pocket where the new scalpel is kept in its leather wallet, he’s thinking that maybe it would be all right to use it in the early stages until the folks in this new land get used to him being around. 
 A cloud glides across the moon, absorbing the suns reflected light, and for a moment, he is in darkness. His pulse quickens, moisture collects inside the gloves: ‘Relax, easy now, take it nice and slow. Bah da bah da bah da.’ He looks up towards the heavens, grins madly, he’s bordering hysteria, and says, “Lets go get ‘em.” 


Chapter one
Two dreams.

Toward the rear of Sebastian and Jade Alton’s garden, at the edge of a thick border of shrubs and bushes, Harry begins his hunt. Voracity for the hunt? Or hunting because he is voracious? Undoubtedly both.
 It is high summer and although the sun has long since set, it has left its mark on the hill in the shape of a dusty footprint. Harry plays out a game of cat and mouse unbeknown to the couple as they lie sleeping entangled in each other’s warm and clammy limbs.  
 Sebastian is dreaming of a child, not too unlike himself, with dreamy blue eyes and curly blond hair. His jaw is set stronger though, more like Sebastian’s fathers was. 
 Tall for his age, although a fleeting thought, it is one that causes momentary confusion. Like advertisements breaking the flow of a film, his consideration causes a disruption in the dream and the images fade to various and shapeless shades of grey. 
 Moreover, akin to a blind beggar, scrambling for a penny, discarded at worn feet by cruel hands, his mind searches for any remnants of the dream. 
 An immeasurable amount of time later, but one that feels like an eternity, he is rewarded as, like curtains on the stage, the greyness parts, to reveal his boy playing in a park. Sebastian hears him cry out with sheer joy at the thrill of flying through the air on a brightly coloured swing: Swoosh, swoosh. 
 Sebastian smiles and sits back on a park bench. He watches the boy jump from the swing, land safely, sure footed, that’s my boy, and head toward the climbing frame. His eyes squint against the dazzling sun as he goes.
 A minute later a movement on the periphery of Sebastian’s vision nags at his focused attention and drags it from the boy.
 It takes a few moments for his brain to decipher the picture that it has itself created. When it does he watches, horrified, as a fog with the substance and mass of a dense grey cloud, creeps into view above the thick green bushes, marking the border of the play area. 
 Two dark holes with cotton wool eyebrows appear in the cloud. They blink slowly and become more defined and reddened. Slowly the fog transforms its watchful glare into a pair of huge greasy hands, with shiny metal claws that poke through fat fleshy fingers. And with all the grace and urgency of a fatally wounded animal trying desperately to get home, the hands drag themselves along the cracked concrete floor toward the play area. Their bulk is increased by the objects they collect, scraps of yellowing newspaper, soggy cigarette ends, and multi-coloured sweet wrappers.
 A finger on each hand becomes a snout and together they sniff out the boy’s sweet scent and scurry toward him. When they are in the centre of the play area they stop abruptly. 
 One hand taps at the ground while the other scrambles about. It looks across at Sebastian, as though noticing him for the first time. Then, wagging a finger, it taps the other hand and points toward the top of the frame, which stretches easily fifty feet in the air, where the boy now proudly stands waving and shouting something to Sebastian, but he fails to hear.
 The boy’s eyes follow Sebastian’s and together they watch the hands scale the frame. They increase speed and cause sparks with their claws as they approach the object of their desire. The boy looks to Sebastian and screams, “Daddy, help me Daddy!”
 Sebastian tries to rise, but thick chains, previously unnoticed, clamp his wrists and feet tightly to the bench. 
 He cannot move! All he can do is witness the hands as they scramble full tilt toward the top of the column.
 Again, the boy screams, “Help me daddy, why won’t you help me daddy?” His voice spills out fear. It rains down on Sebastian in the form of inky black droplets. He shivers uncontrollably when they touch his skin. 
 Something nags him, something, other than the obvious, wrong, something wanting to smack him in the mouth, or shake the bones from his body. The chains tug at his ankles and wrists, “I'm coming…hold on, just let me…”
 “Sebastian!” The boy’s voice thickens like cooling custard in a discarded bowl.
 “Wait,” Sebastian whispers. The distraction dances on the tip of his tongue, taunting him, whispering its identity then disappearing from view the second he gets close. He tries to grasp it, but it slips further. 
 “Wait,” he whispers again, “please just wait.”
 Together, the boy and the metallic hands lean over the climbing frame. They tap at the rail like a pair of piano players amid a frenzied crescendo. 
 The sun loses its colour and turns black. Weeds sprout from cracks in the ground and rot as quickly as they grow.
 Suddenly the tapping stops and together, in a deep and guttural voice, with breath like wet dirt, they demand, “what did you say?” 
 Sebastian ignores them. That’s it. “Your name, why can’t I remember your name?”
 The chains pull at him harder pinching his skin. He falls back in resignation against the bench. It begins to fold itself around him just as the metal claws fold around his son, completely engulfing him.
 “Dad…?” The voice is cruelly muted.
 “Why don’t I know your name?”
 The question goes unanswered. The hands transform into a huge black raven that blinks once before spreading its great metal tipped wings to fly from view, off to hide in a bitter part of his mind, a dusty room where the curtains are kept closed, where the light is switched off and a thick heavy door is kept locked during the day with a key stored somewhere under his pillow.
 “No!” he cries out in his sleep when the answer hits him like a sledgehammer. 
 His cries disturb Jade enough for her to turnover, but not to wake. Flitting frowns and creases that mar an otherwise perfect face, with eyes that jump and bob about under eyelids like hatching chicks, are concealed from view by her long and silky black hair. Strands of it catch on her lips and shift about mimicking spider’s legs. They dance about her mouth to the rhythm of her erratic breathing. 
 She lies on a bed, her bed, in a clinical hospital room with a brilliant white ceiling and walls. She is crying with the seemingly very real though imagined agony of giving birth to the child she will never have.
 A tall thin Doctor, with a shiny baldhead, which reflects the light from the ceiling, and an abnormally long nose, stands by her side. He reminds her of her father. Taking her arm with nicotine stained fingers and squeezing reassuringly, he bends down and leans toward her ear and ever so quietly, but with a hint of humour he says, “Sorry there must be some mistake here. We both know you cannot have children.” Then he turns from her and with his free hand fumbles for something on a metal tray by the side of the bed. 
 Jade watches as he takes the rusty can to his lips. He swallows the contents and crushes the can before hurling it across the room, where it miraculously turns into a pair of pure white doves. They flutter briefly before catching an unnoticed warm thermal generated from a huge grid in the floor. Together they soar on in circles, steadily rising toward the ceiling. 
 Beyond them, a heavy wooden door swings slowly open. Above the frame, an inverted sign, but one, which Jade finds surprisingly easy to read, states: ‘Abandon hope, all ye who enter here’. A sob escapes her trembling lips as she watches the doves fly through the door. It slams shut behind them.
 “Well now, that was strange,” says the Doctor as he turns back to face Jade, his eyes bulging. “But listen, don’t you worry none, I’m an expert.” He holds out his grubby hands, his dirty black chewed fingernails are impossible to ignore, to emphasize the point. 
 Scarcely a second passes before the tips of the fingers glow like mini volcanoes. Black smoke rises from them toward the ceiling, sticking to it like glue, before falling as rain and staining the covers where it drops. 
 Jade has time to see the hands shake like earth tremors before the Doctor tucks them behind his back. “Hmm,” he says, “I think I need another drink.” 
 She stares, paralysed; a pain in her chest squeezes her heart like a vice, intensifying with every weak beat. 
 “You know. I think you’re ready.”
 Somewhere, something instructs, warns, her of the necessity to breathe. And as the air flows into her oxygen starved body: “Good, good, now push, push harder.” His cheeks puff in and out, “pant, remember to pant.” He takes a mouthful from the can. Each time he puffs his cheeks outwards, they stretch like pale and waxen party balloons becoming translucent, threatening to pop at any moment. The veins in his forehead pulse like a network of filthy rivers. Small white maggoty creatures move up and down them laying tiny eggs as they go. 
 “Stop staring and push you stupid bitch, come on, I’ve other patients to see. For Christ’s sake!” 
 From between her legs a voice cries out, “I’m here. Mummy I’m here.”
 She tries to lift her head to see her child, but it is forced back deep into the pillow by the Doctor’s hand.
 “Please,” she sobs, “don’t take my child.”

 Outside in the steadily cooling air, beyond the bedroom window, Harry is poised, his body low to the ground and barely breathing. His muscles are tense like sprung coils of young steel, but steady as boulders on a frozen hillside. 
 A kill will come tonight. He feels it as sure as milk is milk. Sniffing at the air, he senses movement and edges forward.

 Somewhere deep in Jade’s cerebrum, a switch trips out. The images shift and twirl, interweaving like threads in an aged rug, whose tincture, once vibrant and rich now resembles the fur on a long abandoned decaying sheep.
 She is back at sixth form, in her old classroom with the familiar wooden chairs and graffiti covered tables. The sun’s rays shine through slats on the windows warming her bare arms and picking out millions of dust motes on their way to God knows where. 
 On her table, she is able to read her own name scrawled amongst the numerous efforts. Don’t remember doing that, she thinks and looks around the room, praying nobody else can see her guilt.  
 Mary Roget is sitting to her left with her head down. Her pigtails brush madly against the book she is studying as though intent on sweeping up the letters from the pages one by one. 
 Jade can remember her prescription glasses, thick enough to stop bullets. Embarrassed she looks away and notices Billy Hughes on her right. He is looking right back at her, grinning like the cheshire cat, who got the mouse and the cheese and threw it all down with a generous helping of fresh cream. Sunlight reflects on his metal braces. They glisten in his mouth like wet jewels. 
 “You tight cow,” he says, “I can’t believe you said that. Wait until I tell the guys.”
 Years later, Billy Hughes, while sat in his huge leather chair, which was far too big for his puny frame, in his clinical office adorned with photographs of his brace ridden children, would attempt to give council on her recent overdraft disaster, and all the while Jade had sat opposite, not listening to a word, mesmerised as she was by his grossly twisted teeth and wondering what the hell those braces had been about.
 She smiles, Happy days.
 “Child. Wipe that pathetic grin from your face!” The doctor stands before her, garbed now in a traditional black cloak. Now he is the Teacher. As he struts about at the front of the classroom, his cloak shifts about like squabbling shadows dodging the suns rays. 
 “You’ve been at it again haven’t you?” 
 She looks left and right for support and finds her friends have disappeared. 
 The teacher swings the huge cane he carries and it sings through the air, inches from her face, cutting into the thickening dust motes. They fall to the floor like dead gnats. “How many times do I have to tell you?” he sings. The cane comes to a halt as it smacks against the blackboard. “Read the words you stupid child!”
 She does as she’s told. “My name is Jade Gray. I cannot have children.”
 “Again!”
 “My name is Jade Gray. I cannot have children.”
 “Again!” Like a needle stuck on a record.
 “My name is Jade…” she falters unable to say more. Thankfully the blackboard, the Schoolteacher and everything else including the memories fade from her mind and she slowly drifts into a deeper more restful sleep.


Chapter two
Two hunts.

The garden surrounding the Alton’s new house was terraced in design. Its creator, almost fifty years ago, had been an avid gardener, intent on ensuring the borders, small lawns, and paved areas, closely followed the natural gradient of the hillside. If he still had his sight and still lived on the hill, his despair at seeing the state of the hawthorn hedge, which ran the full width of the gardens eastern border, hiding the quiet lane beyond, would surely be tantamount to Mary’s as she knelt at the feet of her crucified Son. 
 The previous occupants, those the Alton’s had purchased from, had left the hedge, and for that matter the rest of the borders, unkempt for their entire occupation and now the hedge was in danger of growing out, the thorny branches becoming more visible than the shiny lobed leaves it was renowned for. 
 A wooden gate, scarcely holding on to its weak and rusty hinges, clung to the far left corner of the hedge and acted as a short cut to the lane, from which were footpaths through fields and bracken. These eventually found their way to the great mass of gritty sandstone that marked the peak of the hill. The lane served as the main point of access for a dairy farm, one of the few remaining on the hill, which sat at the end of its length. Due to its narrowness and high sandstone wall, needed to keep back tons of rock and earth, the lane was cool, damp, and dull even on the hottest summers day when the sun was high in the sky.
 Tonight, while Sebastian and Jade slept on, tiny streams of water ran through cracks and over moss covered rocks, reflecting the brilliance of the moon, making it seem as though the wall were made of crystals. In their garden, as he looked up at the moon in annoyance, Harry’s eyes shone like polished coal. For the past few minutes he had been forced to remain crouched, silently pleading - in his way - to the moon, to go away. Now it seemed as though his pleas would soon be answered as clouds were slowly thickening. Along with the rise of a cool breeze, the effect on the garden was to give life to otherwise inanimate objects. Shadows jumped and jerked causing Harry’s eyes to flit from left to right. A night hunter, Harry was used to all of these interruptions. He was also the restless couple’s cat and for the last half hour had been giving the local wildlife hell. Now he remained motionless at the edge of an overgrown shrub, waiting for one of the mice within to come out and play. 
 A tom, Harry was traditional in the sense he was black and white, but novel in the way the two colours were placed. It was anything but orthodox. His markings weren’t like black ink splashed on to white paper, but more like a liquorice allsorts sweet shown side on, black white then black again. His facial features lent him the appearance of batman, white cheeks and a black nose, leading to black forehead and ears. He was a beautiful, graceful cat, but annoyed Sebastian with the way he paraded himself around the house with his tail erect like the house was his and Sebastian was nothing more than a paying guest. Harry was far from perfect and would never win a show, for although he had the looks of a tom, he didn’t have the build of one. His head was too small, almost Siamese, his shoulders and hips too narrow and his tail too long and thin. When it came to the fundamental issue of sorting out territory, Sebastian assumed he would have struggled, but for some reason he didn’t. Rarely did he come home with the normal scratches, cuts, and missing tufts of fur often associated with fighting cats. Sebastian believed this may have been due to his lack of bulk and so increased speed. He likened him more to a martial arts expert than a heavy weight boxer. Whatever the reason Harry seemed well equipped at being able to look after himself, ensuring that the other cat, if it decided to fight, would undoubtedly come off worse.  
 The family of mice deep below the shrub were growing agitated. If it wasn’t the cat stopping them from getting food, then it was the great Owl that perched on the ancient oak at the bottom of the garden. 
 Harry had halted his advances on the nest for a moment, choosing instead to listen, ears erect like tiny black pyramids, eyes wide and unblinking, to another sound, a disturbance that had come from beyond the hedge. There it was again, an agitation on the otherwise quiet lane. Slight, but definite nevertheless. 
 Harry, fully alert, watched, every one of his senses receptive to any signs of danger. A shiver ran along his spine as he saw a black shape come briefly into view. It passed by the old wooden gate before disappearing again as though it never was. 
 High above, clouds thickened more and it began to rain. They were small drops for now, which were as easy to dodge as cracks on a pavement. 
 Harry allowed his tired muscles to relax, the danger surely over, and turned his attention back to the job of hunting. Much to his annoyance, the mice had sought sanctuary in the deepest part of the undergrowth. There was no way he was going in there, it was damper than the lane. He would have to spend a long time cleaning if he did that. No, his only option was to sit it out for a while longer, or go back inside and snuggle up by the ancient boiler with its clinks, clanks and flaky paint. He paced up and down the border feeling very fed up and wondered what had happened to the warmer weather. He knew that really he had no choice but to go in and so he turned and made for the cat flap. 
 A flicker of movement at the edge of his vision caused him to look toward the gate once more. The large black shape was standing there statue still.	
 Once again Harry stiffened. Had it seen him? Was it dangerous? He could smell something. Heightened senses informed him it was fresh meat, but tainted. His small brain tensed as much as his muscles as he tried to understand what was happening. Before him lay safety, his own sanctuary, but curiosity, well…
 The rainfall increased. An icy cold drop ran into his eye causing him to moan and blink by which time the shape had shifted before the gate, seeming to rub out its very existence. Above his head, Harry sensed rather than felt a stirring in the air. Had he looked, he would have seen the Owl stretching out her impressive wings before flying soundlessly away, deciding that tonight it would be better to hunt on the other side of the hill than this one. 
 “The Owl and the Pussycat went to sea in a beautiful, blah, blah, blah!” said the shape as it moved closer to the cat. Above Harry the clouds parted, lighting up the garden and its contents for the whole world to see. Leaving no place to run or hide. 
 It took Harry’s eyes a few seconds to adjust, by which time the shape began to take the form of a man. Harry slowly followed the lines of the black flowing coat as they led up to broad shoulders, stopping only when he reached the dark featureless face, hidden as it was in shadow. 
 His voice was as smooth as warm butter as he whispered, just loud enough to be heard above the rain and the wind, “The Owl flew away, knowing it was best, leaving nice old me, to put my skills to the test.” 
 Finally, as the moon lit up a smiling face, Harry relaxed his contracted muscles. The man put a hand in his pocket. Harry heard a rustle in the undergrowth. It was the mice clearing out, gone for tonight. 
 Harry watched intently as the man pulled something from his pocket. The smell hit him again, stronger now, and deliciously familiar, causing his stomach to roar and his mouth to salivate. 
 Before he knew they were moving, his legs were carrying him at an eager pace toward the man who, in response, had crouched down and emptied the contents of the bag onto the floor and now waited with a gloved hand held outstretched beckoning Harry closer. 
 “Candy for the little boys and they will come to me. Locked up in the dungeon, oh who will pray for thee?”
 Harry hesitated as the man spoke again, something in the voice, a knife scraping the bottom of a butter tub. He took a last look at the cat flap before turning back to see the glistening raw meat, piled up in front of him. With no choice, but to run back to the food, he held his long tail high and did so. When he was close enough he wrapped it around the stranger’s thigh before tucking into the meat enjoying every morsel. The tainted smell and the after taste on his tongue was a minor distraction. And when the gloved hand came down on his back, he arched and purred appreciatively. The human sang to him as he ate, “they call me the hunter that’s my name…” 
 Later, while Sebastian and Jade slept on, more peacefully now and oblivious to the drama that had unfolded beyond their bedroom wall, Harry moaned, whined and rolled about in the garden, thrashing about like something possessed. 
 He retched and retched and when his stomach was completely empty he retched more, but this time blood. The contents of his stomach lay around him, some matted to his fur. The remainder sat in small piles to be slowly washed away by the rain. 
 Too weak for the moment to move, he closed his eyes and failed to see the mice return. 


Chapter three
The farmer, the farmer’s son.

When the phone rang the farmer Steve Gates was sat in his living room with a morning newspaper held in his soap scented, but callus hardened fingers. 
 The volume on the antiquated seventeen-inch television was muted now that the early morning news had moved on to sport and weather.
 Although he understood the importance of keeping in shape he had no interest in sport unless it was rugby. That was different. The weatherman’s predictions he had no time for. He had been taught to look for signs of change from an early age. His father, in the early hours or late at night, would often send him outside into the yard. Steve would look to the clouds and the wind, the visibility and temperature, and when he had enough information he would give his father his assessment.  
 Occasionally he was asked to review the weather coming in from the east on the other side of the hill. Steve relished those days and would always ignore the sandy paths choosing instead to climb the great granite slabs pushing to search out the hardest scrambles for a route to the top. From his platform he would sit and view the heavens. The golden rule of thumb being if the period of change built gradually then the bad weather would be longer than if the change happened suddenly. 
 So that was reason enough not to bother with the weatherman. And the sport, well his ears would prick up at the sound of rugby, and he’d often find himself drifting back in time to earlier days. They were, in the main, happy days until the naivety of youth wore away.   
 Working on his father’s farm, his body had been heavily muscled from his early teens, doubling it seemed in body mass and weight in less than a year, making him a giant among his classmates. Of course he received unlimited amounts of jokes and comments, though mostly he took it all in his stride. Mostly. 
 At thirteen, his life began to change, taking him on a course altogether different from his friends. His mother, after ten long months of graciously battling with a cancer that had spread through her body like weeds in an untended garden, had closed her eyes for the last time. 
 Each morning, during those months, he had fed and bathed her. In the evenings he had sat with her, on the side of her bed, and told her of his day. She had laughed at his own embarrassment when she finally succeeded in forcing him to admit to the fact that, yes he did adore Mary Cooper, and that he doubted whether she had even noticed him.
 During those peaceful evenings he had held her hands and watched as they wasted away, losing fat, colour, moisture and finally nails, to eventually become nothing more than thin paper, sinew and chicken bones.  
 In those ten long months by her side, Steve had been given an important history lesson. He was told of his father’s real role in the local society and given an insight into what would ultimately become his within Mowen Hill and the surrounding villages. 
 His father, it seemed, was more than simply a dairy farmer. His shock soon turned to wonder then concern at the massive responsibility that would one day be placed on his broad shoulders. There were certain elements of the role she couldn’t tell him though for two reasons. She was never allowed to know the full extent of her husband’s role and the parts she had pieced together herself and kept secret were better off that way. Steve, she decided, would discover those for himself when he was older.   
 When she died, peacefully in her sleep, she left behind a boy soon to become more than a man and a man soon to become less than a boy. Her husband, Jerod, never recovered from her loss, the insanities of his world, which she had helped keep at bay, crept in and engulfed him. Steve Gates replaced his father quicker than anyone would have anticipated, shocking the locals with his strong will and reflective confidence. 
 During her final moments in this world father and son had sat together on the side of the bed watching and listening to her final breaths. 
 “Jerod, as per custom,” she had muttered, “I have explained everything to your son.” 
 Jerod had leaned in close to kiss her gently on the forehead. He had whispered something into her ear, which Steve could not hear, but he saw the smile wash across her face before she closed her eyes. 
 Steve’s father, an Ox of a man, had stood, turned to Steve and said, “it’s just you and me now son, just you and me.” Then he left the room.
 He had never seen his father cry, and he didn’t then, but he heard him later that night and though he wanted to go to him new it was a private thing. 
 The following morning he had been up earlier than usual to carry out the chores on the farm before going off to school. Later on in the day, while waiting in the corridor outside the language room at school the pupils were slowly becoming bored. 
 Three boys, friends from the mining estate, had spotted Steve on his own in a corner with his head down. Soon he became the centre of their attention. Wrapped up in his own thoughts from the previous day, Steve ignored them for a time. Then came the childish ribbings. “What’s the weather like up there?” “Is it raining?” “Do you get dizzy?” 
 From the corner of his eye, Steve could see Mary Cooper and her friends giggling, their doll like hands covering their quivering mouths. Steve wanted to ram them down their throats. It wasn’t just that Mary was laughing at him; she’d caused a sickly ache in his chest he was unfamiliar with. Soon the rest of the pupils, and others who were not part of the class, were watching Steve’s misfortune and taking delight in the show.  
 Wayne Farleigh, a scrawny, spotty boy, with long greasy brown hair, came and stood below him. He looked up into Steve’s face, saw the pain there and mistakenly assumed it was due to the ribbings. 
 Clapping his hands together, he jumped and whooped, “he’s crying, the giants crying!”
 A split second before the classroom door was opened by Mr. Hill, the rambling German language teacher, Steve came out of his musings. Something inside him snapped. With one hand he gripped Wayne by his neck and squeezed. The boy squealed and the spots on his face bulged like over ripe cherries. Steve lifted him an inch from the floor and, just as the classroom door opened, slammed his huge fist into Wayne’s soft belly. Mr. Hill reacted by stepping to one side as the poor boy slid backwards along the polished classroom floor. His head crashed sickeningly against the rear classroom wall. The noise echoed throughout the corridors.  
 Before he was led off to the headmaster’s office, Steve turned to Mary Cooper and said, “my mum died last night.” He never really understood why he had said it. Perhaps it was in justification for his actions, hoping she would understand, or maybe it was just because he wanted her to feel something. Whatever the reason, for the next six months, she followed him around the school like she was on a lead. Steve never gave her the time of day. 
 Due to the death of his mother Steve was let of lightly, but he was sent home and his father was informed. Instead of facing his father he had spent the afternoon in the rain climbing on the great slabs, stopping only when a fall of ten foot punched the wind from his lungs. Steve hoped he had hurt Wayne as much. 
 Steve’s P.E teacher, Mr. Lewis, had noticed his ability on the pitch. He had taken him to one side and spoken to him about playing rugby for the school. Implausibly Steve was able to maintain a speed that made the sleekest wingers appear sluggish. In the scrum, he became a one-man army. His teammates would hug him tightly, more for protection than support.
 One day on a cold and wet March afternoon his team, he was captain by now, were taken in a rusty beaten up coach to play a friendly with another school. Somehow, someone had made a mistake. The team they were playing had an average age three years senior. Mr. Lewis made the decision to play anyway. He felt they had come along way, enthused and ready to go. The experience, he said, would undoubtedly prove invaluable in helping to build on the future strength of the team.  
 Later in the changing rooms he could be heard screaming at the opponent’s coach, “I specifically told you to take it easy on them, how the hell could you allow this to happen?” His cries of fury would echo around the changing room long after the day, lasting like the scars on the innocent flesh of Steve’s team. 
 It had been an unforgivable massacre, leading to all kinds of propaganda, the story spreading to the Capital. 
‘HUMAN GORRILAS SHOW THEIR TEETH ON THE FIELD!’
 The list of casualties and their subsequent wounds were beyond all belief. From the expected sprains, bruises and bloodied noses, to the more unexpected, a broken neck, which later lead to death, over a dozen cracked ribs and three broken jaws. Two were snapped on one poor boy, a close friend of Steve’s, puncturing a lung. A bully from the home team had told him he was only winded and demanded he get up before he dragged him up. He in turn suffered from a fractured skull where Steve on seeing the beating, had, without hesitation leapt on him, and knocked him clean to the ground. Then he grabbed his ears and, while ignoring the boy’s cries, repeatedly smashed his forehead against the bridge of the boys nose, stopping only when the unconscious bullies blood stung his eyes. 
 Another friend, Matthew Brown, slumped against a goalpost holding his snapped wrist. His broken jaw prevented him from calling for help. The brace designed to straighten his front teeth swam with two bony appendages in a pool of blood in his lap. 
 The referee had unwittingly trusted the captain of the home team while Mr. Lewis and he disappeared to sample some home brew. 
 Mr. Lewis was later fired and lucky to leave in one piece. Steve didn’t know that two of his fingers were broken until the next day when he was mucking out the cattle shed before school. His father, lacking sympathy, laughed as he peeled his son’s seized fingers from the rake. The laughter continued all the way to the hospital. Steve didn’t mind; it was the happiest he’d seen him since his mum was alive. 
 At college Steve’s ability was mythical, but sadly his strength and time were needed on the farm. So that when the county had showed more than a passing interest, he had been forced to decline. That was the end of a career that never had the chance to begin and the beginning of a career that he would never wish on his worst enemy. In anger he’d asked his father why it had to be this way. Jerod had calmly replied, ‘it’s in the blood son.’ Steve had wanted a blood transfusion. 
 The ancient leather armchair creaked beneath him as his attention returned to the papers articles. The house was full of furnishings like the chair donated to the farms residents at various points during its significant past, which would bewilder most city people, people like Sebastian and Jade Alton.	The chair was Steve’s most memorable. It was here, during the quiet evenings, he made most of his tough decisions away from other men’s prejudices. He remembered seeing his father sat here and wondered whether he had used it in the same way.
 There was one item in the house that caused the other ancient pieces to pale into insignificance. It couldn’t be classed as an antique, yet the respect it demanded was beyond that of a painting from Turners Bequest. Its history was far more concealed, its secrets kept hidden to all but a handful. 
 Even to those men chosen for their wisdom or cunning or more importantly from their lineage, their knowledge of its past only went back so far. Beyond that its history, as was the case with its remaining counterparts up and down the country, was known only to one and His existence or rather reason for existence was a dark secret whose influence was far reaching, spread throughout the land like sand along a coastline, flexing and bending to work alongside the tides of change and yielding only enough to protect the Order.  
 Right now Steve was sick of it.
 The phone rang. Steve sighed, slowly closed then folded the paper before placing it neatly on his lap. Through the old stonewalls muffled barks could be heard. Steve looked up as the door banged loudly against the wall.
 In they came, charging toward him, their golden coats shinning, their mouths open wide. Steve smiled, patted the paper against his thighs and said, “hey you pair slow down.”
The retrievers stopped scant inches from him, the rug ruffling below their paws. They both sat. Jed playfully went for the newspaper that Steve was waving at him while Penney licked at his free hand. He let the phone ring some more before ordering them away. Tails wagging they pattered off to the corner of the room and with both pairs of eyes watching their master lay quietly awaiting his next instruction.     
 When reluctantly he picked up the handset it was with a warm and wet hand. “Hello.”
 “Mr. Gates, I thought for a moment you had forgotten. How is life on Mowen Hill? Well I trust.” 
 “Yes all is well and no I hadn’t forgotten.” He glanced at Jed and Penney. “I was just sorting out a couple of things.” The tone to his voice was lighter then he had originally intended. Penney, deciding the wait would be a long one, was using Jed as a cushion and nuzzling her neck against his thigh.    
 “Never mind. Is everything in place? Things as they should be?” The voice was old, but not frail. An oak beam removed from a retired ship, continuing its service in some stately home. Listening carefully, you could almost pick out the splinters and chips where lesser men had come in their hoards to take him down. And where were they now? Off to the grave most likely thought Steve before replying, “yes... everything’s in place.”
 The voice went deeper. A bang on the bottom of the ocean, “you’re not convincing me Mr. Gates. Are you sure everything is in place? If it isn’t I will make other arrangements, and we can discuss this when we next meet?”
 Steve wasn’t sure and he was damned close to saying, though it was never an option. ‘To hold was to do,’ that was what his father had preached to him time and time again. “Yes, all is as it should be. I’ve gone over the details with Adam. He’ll go up first thing with Anthony Wilkes and Joseph Plant. Should be there mid morning by my reckoning…” he was cut off mid sentence.
 “Adam, Adam Blake! Is that a good idea?”
 “He’ll be fine. He learned his lesson long ago. It’s all done with now.” Although in truth, Steve wasn’t sure. He had hoped Adam had learned his lesson, but with these things you never knew. 
 “Well as long as you’re sure. I will speak to you on their return, yes?”  
 “Yes, of course.”
 “Good, good well thanks for responding at such short notice.”
  Any courteous goodbye was replaced by the click of the call disconnecting. Steve listened to the tone before replacing the receiver. He had to send Adam; there wasn’t anyone else. Roger was off his legs after picking up some lousy bug yesterday and his eldest Peter wasn’t ready, not yet, not for this. Having work to do he stood quickly. The forgotten newspaper fell to the floor. Jed saw it as a sign to play and flew across the room leaving Penney dazed. 
 “Not now boy, I’ve got to get going,” said Steve as he fussed Jed once more. “You pair look after the farm for me won’t you.” 
 Outside he shivered as he walked toward the tractor, the early morning mist spreading before him. Droplets settled on his bare skin like cold sweat. He climbed up onto the tractor, removed the soggy plastic bag from the seat, turned the key and broke the morning silence as the engine roared into life.


Chapter four
Harry’s in a mess.

Forty minutes later the mist was still there wrapping itself around Mowen Hill like a surgical glove. Jade Alton knew that the rising sun was somewhere beyond and would soon burn the mist away to reveal a blue sky. It had the day before and the day before that. She now supposed it was fairly normal for this time of year up on the hill and wasn’t going to let it depress her. She turned away from the kitchen window toward the tabletop where a toaster sat. A moment later it clunked and with a struggle released two pieces of warm, anemic bread. The old toaster boasted nine settings, but produced two results, warm and slightly crispy bread, or charcoal. 
 “Useless,” she chastised and hit it with her hand. She placed the bread on a plate then poured milk into two cups of steaming tea. 
 A moment later Sebastian Alton walked into the kitchen. He was busy fumbling with the knot in his tie. “Did you shout me?” he asked as Jade looked up.  
 “No,” Jade replied, “I was talking to the toaster.” 
 “Oh.” Sebastian accepted the fact as though it was fairly normal to talk to the toaster and stared with dismay at his misty reflection in the window. He was tall and of medium build, with dreamy sea blue eyes that you could lose yourself in, but if you did you would never be alone as Sebastian would probably be there somewhere daydreaming. His dismay was caused by his dress. The shirt and tie he’d just put on could only be considered a match providing you were colour blind, generous and more than a little forgiving. His reflection told him it wasn’t so bad and not to worry. 
 “I didn’t hear you get up,” he said to Jade, ignoring the gravity conscious knot, “did you sleep alright?”
 “No, I was tossing and turning all night. Bad dreams again. You were restless too. When I finally did settle down that damn farmer and his tractor going down the lane woke me. She yawned, “I should count my blessings, unlike you I guess I can sleep later if I feel like it.”
 Sebastian shrugged, “think I’m getting used to not sleeping properly. Who’d have thought it, we move from the city to get away from the constant noise and now neither of us can sleep. Doesn’t help with him going passed at the crack of dawn, I dreamt we were under attack.”  
 “Yeah Seb, I guess.” She picked up a butter knife and looking back outside said, “I’ve not seen Harry this morning, you?” 
 “He needs a silencer on that thing.”
 “So, have you seen him?” 
 “The farmer?” 
 Jade felt her fingers tighten around the knife. She put it down and rubbed above her left eye feeling a sharp pain, a sure sign she was getting a headache. She changed the setting on the toaster and almost snapped the knob off. She put another piece of fresh bread in. “Harry,” she said between clenched teeth, “have you seen Harry?”
 “Oh, no not yet.” He noticed the two cups of tea on the counter.  
 “You made me a cup of tea, thanks.” He reached for a cup, took a sip and carried on, “Harry probably thought we were under attack as well.”
 “Seb, other then when we were camping at Fort William, with a million midges sharing our tent, when have I not made you a drink? Not forgetting that it was you who lost the matches, which prevented me from lighting the stove. Why act so surprised?” Her temper abated and the headache eased as she turned to face him, noticing for the first time the error in his dress. She was not, unlike Sebastian’s reflection, generous or forgiving. Turning back to the counter she grinned and picked up the butter knife.  
 “What?” Sebastian was at a loss.
 She yawned again, “oh nothing.” 
 “You really did have a rough night. I wasn’t snoring was I?”
 She nodded, “a little.”
 “I think I’m getting a cold.” He sniffed and cleared his throat then placed his hands around her narrow waist and pressed his face into her long black hair. It was still damp from the shower and smelled of apple. He breathed in deeply. “Anyway you snore,” he said playfully, “bet you didn’t know that did you?” 
 With his fingertips he lightly traced the contours of her smooth belly through the thin cotton tee-shirt she wore and ran a line slowly and teasingly toward her navel pausing at the tip of her pubis. 
 “Listen pal, I’m a lady. I don’t snore and before you say it, I don’t fart either. Well not loudly anyway. Now kindly remove those fumbling fingers from my bits and pieces,” said Jade, but instead of pushing him away she turned to face him fully and pulled him close kissing him deeply and passionately. When she felt him stiffen she gently pushed him away and pulling on his tie said, “now, put your little boy away, take this ridiculous excuse for a tie off and go and put on the one with light and dark blue stripes.”
 Sebastian was stunned, “little boy. Little boy. For the record, Sue whatever her name was, said to me once, ‘when God was handing out dicks, I was at the front of the queue’.”
 Jade chewed her lip for a second before asking, “was that Susan incredibly petite, nigh on dwarf, Johnson?”
 Sebastian smiled sheepishly, knowing where Jade was going and replied, “yeah that would be her. She wasn’t that small.”  
 “So let me get this straight, just for the record. What you’re saying is that that nineteen year old midget who was little more than a Barbie doll, said your little boy was or rather is a big boy.”
 “Yes, I believe so, your honour.”
 “You shared this revelation with anybody else?” She gripped his arms. “Now think man, if this leaks it could destroy you.”
 “Do you think I should maybe change my tie now?” said Sebastian shaking his head with a mock disapproving look.
 “Yes Seb I do. Unlike the little secret we share with Susan Johnson, the tie is something you can change.” 
 Sebastian looked down at his watch, “Oh bugger, I’m going to be late.” He ran from the kitchen and came back a moment later with the blue striped tie. The kitchen was filling with smoke. Sebastian coughed and waved at the air. “This the one?”
 Jade was busy. She had the knife in the toaster and was trying to remove chunks of charcoal, “yes Seb, that’s the one.” 
 “But you didn’t turn round.” 
 “Is it blue and stripy?” Jade asked, stabbing at the toaster. 
 “Yes,” said Sebastian checking it once more.
 She stabbed again. “Then,” stab, “It’s,” stab, “the right one.”
 Sebastian, a hopeless bystander, could only watch the vicious attack. “Maybe I should pick up a new one while I’m in town?” 
 “We can’t afford,” said Jade through gritted teeth.
 Sebastian looked at his watch again. “I have to go, please don’t kill the toaster.” As he left the kitchen he heard Jade mutter something. He didn’t know what.
 Sebastian managed a large bookshop in Mounden, his home City. He usually arrived there by eight thirty, which would give him time to get the store ready for trade. It was now fifteen minutes past and on a good day it was a twenty-minute drive. He hated being late. It put a curse on the rest of the day. 
 Since they’d moved to Mowen Hill Jade had started a cake design business, realising it was something she’d had a natural talent for after making one for a friend’s birthday at college. She’d received endless praise for the cake and its strange design, which was in keeping with her friends’ gothic persona. 
 Sebastian made his way from the kitchen to the hallway with the tea in hand and attempted to put his jacket on while having a final sip. It never worked. He always spilt more than he swallowed. He put the cup on a shelf and opened the front door. From the kitchen Jade called to him, “Seb, if you see Harry outside, would you let me know, he’s not touched his food this morning.”
 “Oh you know Harry he’ll be about somewhere, he’s probably still full from last nights predictable kill.” 
 Jade saw where he’d left the cup. She gave the toaster a final stab and sighed. The toaster was dead.  
 Outside, all that remained of the mist was a thin veil and a heavy dew, that had spread over the lawn and foliage like splattered varnish. The garden floor was alive with glittering jewels. Sebastian squinted his eyes against the sun and turned his face away. When he opened them, directly in front, and suspended by anchor points, three connected to the house wall and many others holding on to a large fern, was a huge spiders web. It held Sebastian’s fascination for an age. Every strand of the intricate design was coated in dew. It reflected the sun and gave the impression it was made from minute glass tubes. The proud creator of the deadly trap poised at the hub. “How many times have I brushed by you and destroyed your handy work?” whispered Sebastian to the spider. Unable to help himself he tapped a raised finger on the soaking silk. The spokes and strands all but disappeared from view as droplets of water fell away to shatter on the floor like delicate glass pearls. The spider shook, but stayed put. 
 “I’ve probably done you a favour you know. You might get breakfast sooner than you think, now that your traps invisible again.” He grinned at the shaking spider, “you should thank me.” 
 Before a harsh winter would give way to spring, Sebastian, with plenty of time on his hands with which to question his own sanity as opposed to the sanity of others, would look back on this, this tapping of the spider’s web. He would look back on this misty morning and see it as a point when everything that was normal in his life tipped upside down and changed direction forever. 
 He approached his car and noticed a dark black lump behind the front wheel. Being in shadow made it difficult to see, but a long white streak helped. As the realization of what he was looking at sank in, he slowed, so desperate to be wrong. By the side of the car Sebastian fell to his knees and stroked a hand along Harry’s flank. Harry didn’t move, didn’t respond to Sebastian’s gentle touch. He looked closer and the picture book opened wider. A rush of adrenalin flooded his body. His hand shook where it brushed against Harry. He snatched it away, fearful of harming him more. Leaning against the coolness of the car he looked away. 
 This would destroy Jade. On return from their honeymoon, Sebastian had lived up to a promise made after too many cocktails in a humid bar, and left the house the very next day, returning an hour later with a black and white kitten. Now, all these years later, Harry had become the replacement for the baby that they had wanted so badly but could never have.  
 Harry was dead! The simplicity of the fact hit him like lead. Through tearful eyes he stole a glance at the cat. Blood pooled around Harry’s head. A tiny line trickled away from him.
 “Oh shit Harry, what’s happened to you?”
 He ran his hand along Harry’s side and stopped! He moved his hand back again. There! Harry was warm and Sebastian thought he could feel movement. He pressed a hand deeper into Harry’s fur. His lungs were moving, taking air. Kneeling on all fours, Sebastian placed an ear next to Harry’s nose. It was faint, but he was breathing. 
 Through wild eyes Sebastian watched as Harry lifted his head. The joy that tore through his body was short lived as Sebastian realized that Harry was only just holding on. Harry had opened his mouth. It was clogged with blood and mucus. His eyes opened, but were glazed and heavily bloodshot. Without further thought Sebastian gathered him up and ran back into the house. 
 “Jade!” Sebastian shouted when he reached the front door. “Quick, Harry’s hurt. I think he’s been run over!”
 Jade ran from the kitchen. She met Sebastian with Harry in his arms in the hallway. She took the cat and hurried back to the kitchen where she swept aside cups, plates and charcoal nuggets, before laying him on the worktop. 
 “All right my baby,” she soothed without a trace of worry, “lets have a look at you.” 
 Sebastian stood by Jade and watched her with admiration. She ran inquisitive fingers along his flank. Sebastian was certain she had no idea what she was searching for, but understood she needed to comfort Harry somehow. He felt himself choke and quickly looked away. Harry could be a nuisance sometimes, especially when he brought in molested birds and deranged mice, left to run around the house searching for escape, but he hadn’t realized up until now how fond of him he was. 
 Jade ran her hand over Harry’s head and dug reassuring fingers through his fur. Harry responded by lifting it slightly and turning to face her, his eyes saying it all: I’m in a mess. 
 As he did he stretched his tiny jaws, coughed and expelled lumps of blood and mucus. Some splattered against a large white candle, a house warming present from Sebastian’s mother. Sebastian and Jade both watched as the mixture ran slowly down the side of the candle. Sebastian could see what looked like bits of flesh and assumed that it was part of Harry's internal organs. Harry was dying. Of that he was certain. 
 The only question: how long had he got?  
 Jade looked across to Sebastian. He noticed how clear, how alert her eyes were. “Grab me a towel,” she said, her voice calm, but full of knives, “the cupboards at the side of the sink, second drawer down. We need to get him down to the vets. We’ll take him to the one at Bishops Gate, It’ll be quicker than going across the city.”  
 “Jade that place was closed down years ago, way before we came here.”
 “No, I’m sure I heard someone in the post office say that a man from Yorkshire had just taken over and it had reopened.” 
 “You sure?” said Sebastian as he dashed toward the sink, opened a drawer, found it full of cutlery and tried another and pulled out a white towel. Thoughtfully he asked, “Do you think he will be open yet, it’s not long after eight?”
 Jade snatched the towel and sharply said, “I don’t know Seb. I don’t think we have much choice.” 
 “Hey!” 
 Ignoring him, Jade wrapped Harry in the towel, headed for the door and ordered, “let’s get going.


Chapter five
Harry takes flight.

Once they were in the car, Jade with Harry wrapped in a blanket on her lap, Sebastian quickly drove down the unfamiliar winding country lane that would eventually lead them to Bishops Gate and the Veterinary Clinic. They travelled fast. The hedgerow and trees either side of the road passed by in a blur making them seem like a bullet shooting through a green tube. Sebastian clutched it so tight that if the steering wheel were made of bone he would have squeezed the very marrow from it. In the passenger seat Jade squeezed Harry in much the same way. Harry’s weak meow went unnoticed.
 The car, an early Ford Mondeo, had a rusting badge on the back denoting it a one point eight litre. Although if a mechanic were to measure it, he would probably confirm that it was the equivalent to a one point one as there was that much sludge caked to the engine. And if sludge was cholesterol, then this was a car with severe heart disease and high blood pressure. Sebastian wasn’t taking any of this into consideration as he fought with the car through tight bends that he imagined modeled from a colossal snake. He winced as the tires screamed out in protest struggling to maintain traction. Swinging the car to the right Sebastian saw, from the corner of his eye, Jade’s head smash against the passenger window. The noise, an unnecessary accord to the tires cries.
 “Slow down,” Jade screamed at him. With clammy fingers she clenched Harry tightly, almost too tightly. The once white blanket was beginning to share more than a passing resemblance to the stained candle back at the house. 
 Sebastian dabbed at the brakes and scuffed off some speed then released his grip on the steering wheel a little. “Sorry!” he shouted above the tires chorus. “Are you okay?” Jade didn’t answer. 
 The road ahead was particularly treacherous. Any driver not familiar with the road could quite easily be fooled into thinking that as the road narrowed it turned a sharp left when in actual fact it turned slightly left then sharply right. The deception was caused by two giant oak trees standing shoulder to shoulder just off the right hand side of the road. Like riot police on a front line they gave strength to the illusion the road couldn’t possibly go that way. 
 Sebastian was not familiar with the road and so had no awareness of any of this. Although he had just braked, they still travelled at over forty miles per hour, but what made matters worse was a tractor approaching the bend from the opposite direction.
 Sebastian saw it and gasped. He slammed his right foot down on the brake pedal. The metal base below buckled. His scream, when it came, was matched by Jade’s. Harry, released from the blanket and Jade’s grip, shot forward, smacked against the dashboard, bounced backwards, and landed in a heap between Jade’s feet. The blood and mucus smeared blanket floated above him as if on an unseen breeze before dumping itself unceremoniously on top, smothering him from view. 
 The tires finally gave up their fight for traction. The stench of burning rubber filled the car as simultaneously all four wheels locked and sang the same screeching song.  
 Sebastian forgot everything he had learned as a teenager taking his driving test, his mind a total blank. His right foot stuck firm, like a post in concrete. His mind, – other than the alarming voice in the back of his head telling him to remove his foot from the brake pedal and replace. Remove and replace. Removereplace! – a blank canvas.  The message service to his feet was temporarily down. Sebastian spun the steering wheel in the opposite direction from which the car slid: the direction of the tractor. Like seeing a long lost friend, the car sped toward it, intent on giving it the biggest hug.  
 The moment he came around the bend, the driver of the tractor had, on seeing the car sliding toward him, without a moments thought, spun his steering wheel to the right while changing gear and pressing the accelerator to the floor. The tractor responded by lurching to the right, and plummeting through a hedgerow, parting it like it was made of paper. It came to an abrupt stop in a field where a herd of milk-laden cows previously rested. Their mini stampede sent ripples through the hill. 
 Craning his neck, the driver saw the car slide by to miss his tractor by inches. It came to a stop in the middle of the road. He shook his head in disgust and spat on the ground. He took in the damage to the hedge and looking back at the car simply said, “what the bloody hell.” 
 Through the rearview mirror Sebastian could see the tractor and the hole to the hedge. He looked away to check on Jade. Jade had picked up Harry and was talking to him. Sebastian was sure he heard his name mentioned more than once. 
 When he looked back through the rearview, the image was hugely magnified. The eyes staring back at him were thunderous. He felt a tightening in his chest and winced at the pain. It felt as though his soul was being sought out and scrutinized, as if meddled with by unseen hands. With a shock he realized the eyes belonged to Steve Gates, the farmer from the end of the lane. His neighbour. 
 He pulled himself away from the farmers glaring eyes and turned to his rumpled and disheveled wife. He noticed her hands were shaking where they rested on the dirty blanket. Harry was, once again, buried underneath.
 Sebastian swallowed, could feel the panic sitting in his throat waiting to leap. He swallowed again and said, “Jade, I’m really sorry about that.” With his throat bone dry the words came out empty and squeaky, like a rusty chain on a pushbike. He swallowed again. The panic choked him, “I didn’t, I mean, well…”   
 Jade shot out a hand towards his face as he struggled to string together a sentence. “You stupid idiot!” she screamed, her hand smashing against his cheekbone. The blow was enough to knock the panic from Sebastian’s throat and replace it with something far more frightening. 
 On seeing his reaction at her outburst she burst into tears as he in turn cried out in a combination of pain, fear and shock. 
 The diamond on the engagement ring Sebastian had saved a year for had caught the tip of his cheekbone, leaving a lonely flap of skin.  Blood ran freely down the side of his face in small even lines. Drops were spilling onto his white shirt and being soaked up by the fabric, but it couldn’t hide the stain. That would stay for months. 
 Jade had never felt such rage before. She felt sickened and wondered what else she was capable of. Was this the only thing her father had left as inheritance, a violent and uncontrollable temper? Damn him!
 Sebastian’s immediate impulse had been to strike back at her, he wouldn’t, couldn’t, no matter what happened. Right now he was deeply confused, the pain from the cut nothing to the pain he felt inside. From when they’d met he’d known her love was as strong as his. This outburst simply didn’t fit with what they were. He’d always seen their relationship as a unit designed to take on problems and tragedies together. 
 He caught a glimpse of her glaring at him. ‘I made a fucking mistake!’ He looked away.
 He lost his father when he was a boy: too young to fully understand, not young enough to forget. She had helped him come to terms with that. 
 He saw the bruise on her temple. It was shaping up like a small over-ripe plum. He tucked his worries away. He could always come back to them when they could be placed in some logical order. 
 “I’m sorry Jade. I guess I was panicking. I didn’t realize how fast I was going.”
 Jade took a deep unsteady breath. She looked out of the window, straight ahead. ‘What have I done?’ She searched the glass for answers. She desperately wanted to tell him how sorry she was, but couldn’t, not yet. The fire inside still burned, more like a bonfire now than the volcano it had been. But it still burned.
 So instead she blurted, “that the best you can do, you nearly kill us all and is that the best you can do?” Somebody, some bastard came with a wagonload of wood and dumped it on the bonfire, “Ah,” she moaned, this time smacking a hand against the passenger door.  
 Sebastian looked down at the towel and asked, “Is he all right?” As if understanding every word, Harry turned his head slightly to look at him through eyes like slits. If he’d opened his mouth Sebastian was convinced he would have seen a forked tongue. “I guess that answers my question.” He looked back toward the tractor. 
 “Just get us to the Vets,” said Jade in a softer tone, and looking back at Sebastian, “we’ll sort this other mess out later.” 
 Sebastian was still looking through the rearview mirror. The farmer had left his tractor, removed his cap, and was scratching his forehead while assessing the damage to the hedge. Sebastian knew that the right thing to do now would be to get out of the car, go across to the farmer and try and explain this mess. Before his fingers came close to the door handle, he heard the peeping of a car horn. Looking behind he saw a dull brown car behind his. The driver, a bald headed man covered with wrinkles, was making hand gestures clearly indicating that Sebastian should move. Sebastian seeing this as an opportunity drove steadily away avoiding the glare from the farmer. He looked at his wife for any sign of solidarity. Finding none he looked back at the road without a further glance toward Jade or Harry. He allowed himself the occasional blink, but each time he did, he checked his speed.  
 The Veterinary Clinic, a converted large detached Victorian House, sat alone along a quiet lane a mile outside Bishops Gate. The view it held was of lush green fields and wooded areas that rose gently toward the long rocky ridge stretching to the right of Mowen Hill. On the other side, Sebastian knew, the ground fell steeply toward the ‘plain.’ Dotted within the woods were several large secluded houses. When he was a boy his father had promised that one day they would buy one. It wouldn’t happen now though. 
 Despite a recent debasement, the house had somehow managed to retain its former grandeur. Sebastian reckoned it looked spooky and immediately determined it was haunted. A glance toward Jade told him to keep the notion to himself. A moss coated white paneled sign with faded red lettering hung above the front door. It had little or no effect placed there. Sebastian had almost driven past trying to find the building. He drove the car onto the expansive concreted parking area and noticed it was crisscrossed with cracks of various lengths and thickness with weeds of all kinds of varieties growing from them. It reminded him of somewhere. He couldn’t place it though. 
He parked between a set of faded white lines and paused. 
 Just for a moment he closed his eyes.
 He imagines a scene in the houses not too distant past. There is a small boy standing by the front door. He’s wearing a bright blue tee shirt and matching shorts. They reach down to his knees. His hair is bright blond and curly. He knows his eyes will be the brightest of blues. He can’t see them from where he sits but he just knows. A car pulls into the driveway and parks. The boy runs from the front door, his small shoes crunching on the graveled drive. His hair is full of summer sun. 
 Together, father and boy walk hand in hand onto the lawn directly in front of the house. The father pushes the boy on his recently purchased birthday present: a swing. It’s always a god damn swing.  
 Sebastian looks away. Roses, vibrant with colour, and the sweetest of smells are generously planted along the borders. He spots a squirrel-a red not a grey- and sees the boy has spotted it too. It is making its way up an oak tree in the corner of the garden. A black and white tomcat runs toward it from underneath a bush. It looks suspiciously like Harry. The squirrel jumps to another tree and disappears from view leaving the cat with nothing better to do than watch the boy swinging forward and backward, crying out in joy. The boy looks at Sebastian and waves. The father turns around to face Sebastian… Dad?
 The noise of the passenger door slamming shut shook him from his daydreaming. For a second he watched his wife walking hastily towards the entrance before getting out himself. 
 He walked quickly, trying to catch up with his wife but slowed when he noticed a large and bright silver Audi parked close to the building. It was stunning and looked like it had just come from the showroom. Sebastian was immediately jealous of whoever owned the vehicle and took a quick miserable look at his car. He caught up with Jade just before she reached the door and holding her arm, said, “you know Jade, I bet that’s got anti lock brakes. Maybe we could get ourselves one of those in a year or two.”  
 Jade looked at the car then looked back at Sebastian and scowled. The look made him feel like he was close to a verbal castration. Jade tried the door- it was open -and Sebastian followed her in. 
 Inside, the room was quiet and still. A strong smell of polish did a poor job of masking the damp. Looking round, Sebastian could see it came from the walls. The wallpaper was yellowing, darker in some places, lighter in others. What print was left was nothing more than a faded memory. The paper had peeled away at the corners of the room and from what he could see, Sebastian figured he would be right in assuming the plaster underneath would be crumbling like many of the paths within the countries overcrowded national parks. 
 Sebastian saw the wooden floor was badly in need of repair. In places the wood had splintered, by the wall he spotted two holes, the flakes of wood on their edge’s appeared darker, rotten. He guessed there would be more elsewhere. As he shuffled about the floor creaked. Perhaps the owner should have saved the money on the car and spent it in here. “Jade,” he whispered, “when did you say this place was taken over?” 
 “I don’t know, a few weeks.” 
 Sebastian approached the counter, which - beneath the dust and grime- appeared to be mahogany. Leaflets were piled and fanned at various points on the top. They seemed out of place here with their glossy pictures, describing all kinds of animal diseases along with all kinds of cures, at a cost of course. Also on the counter was an old-fashioned brass bell. It looked recently polished and stood out like a shinning fortress on a hilltop and Sebastian could see his distorted reflection. He picked it up, it was heavier than he expected, and rang it. This place had seen better years thought Sebastian and wondered whether they would have been better off in the city. The door behind the counter creaked open on protesting hinges. The noise filled the silence.  Sebastian looked at Jade and grinned, half expecting there to be nobody beyond the door. Jade glared back doing an incredible impression of the farmer. ‘Still in the shit then,’ thought Sebastian as he looked back toward the door. 
 A tall man wearing a thigh length white shift appeared. Sebastian grinned again, ‘Old house, creaky doors and white towel’. 
 The man looked to be in his early forties. He had warm deep blue eyes and long thick black hair, which in Sebastian’s opinion would have suited a younger man. Sebastian saw Jade shift her position and watched disgruntled as she raised a hand subconsciously toward her hair, grooming it with her fingers. Her eyes had lost their harshness and she was smiling.  
 “Good morning. Can I help you,” said the Vet. Pointing to the bundle in Jade’s arms he asked, “what have we here, has somebody been in the wars?” He noticed the cut to Sebastian’s cheek and said inquisitively, “did the cat do that to you. Only if it did you may need a tetanus?” 
 Jade shook her head and looked away. 
 “Ah I see. Perhaps I can get you something for it?”
 Sebastian rubbed lightly at the cut and said, “no, it’s okay.” 
 “You sure?” The vet took a step toward Sebastian the floor creaking below him. “It doesn’t look so good, could need a stitch.” Jade spoke up as Sebastian shook his head. “We, that is he,” she said looking in Sebastian’s direction with no mention of the word husband, “found him on the driveway. We think he may have been hit by a car.” 
 “Alright well let me take him off you. Have a seat over there for a few minutes.” He pointed to a collection of chairs. “I’ll just take him through the back and have a look.”  
 Sebastian watched as he slipped through the door. The vet spoke with a smooth voice in a caring manner, although he did the strangest thing. At the end of every three or four words he would sharply draw air and make a noise like he was sucking into his mouth large amounts of spit, preventing it from cascading over his lower lip like a mini Niagara Falls. Maybe he drank a lot of fluids Sebastian thought. The funny thing was, the more he heard it the more it reminded him of someone. It was on the tip of his tongue. 
 Together they sat down on some old rickety chairs each lost in their own thoughts until, after a few minutes, Jade said, “what do you think?”
 “I think he’s good looking. He needs a hair cut though and the white shift doesn’t go with his eyes.”
 Jade smiled and seemed to relax. Sebastian smiled back. 
 “Harry, what about Harry?”
 Sebastian squeezed Jade’s hand: “I don’t know Jade. I really don’t. When I saw him under the car I was sure he was dead. They say a cat has nine lives all we can do is hope and pray.”
 “I’m sorry.”
 “I said all we can do is hope…”
 “No, about what happened in the car. I don’t know what came over me. I didn’t even know I’d done it, I just saw red. I’ve never done that before. I do love you. You know that don’t you?” 
 Before Sebastian could reply The Vet came back into the room…without Harry. He walked from around the mahogany desk and stood in front of them. 
 “Here.” He handed Sebastian a plaster. “I’ve given him an injection of steroids to help him. I may need to operate on him, which will mean giving him an anesthetic. Is that alright with you?”
 “Of course,” said Jade. “Will he be ok?”
 “He’s in good hands. Be sure, I will be doing everything I can. Look leave me your telephone number and I will give you a ring later.” 
 Jade nodded and did so.
 The Vet led them to the door, and opened it for them as they said farewell. He gave them both a reassuring smile before closing it. Sebastian could hear his footsteps as he walked away. Then another sound: was he singing? “Jade can you hear that?” But Jade was already halfway to the car. 


Chapter Six
Sebastian’s late

Sebastian followed Jade into their home and closed the door. He caught a glance of his face in the mirror. The plaster had done a good job of covering most of the damage. But it couldn’t hide the bruising and swelling or the small trickle of congealed blood that hung below it like a teardrop. He pressed his index finger to the plaster. Immediately a fresh trickle of blood joined the first. 
 Jade watched him from the kitchen. She tried to think about happier times and remembered Sebastian coming home with a tiny black and white kitten. From the moment Sebastian placed him on the floor, Harry, as he had been quickly named, wouldn’t keep still, determined, it seemed, to explore the house from top to bottom. She remembered once, roughly a week after they had him, they had spent half a morning trying to find him. 
 It was sometime later, while pacing the kitchen, both wondering if Harry had somehow managed to get outside, that they could hear a muffled purr. Somehow Harry had managed to get inside the laundry basket and was fast asleep amidst dirty clothes. 
 “Leave it alone Seb,” she called. She leaned against the kitchen units and brushed loose black strands of hair from her face as Sebastian walked toward her.  
 “You’re not going to hit me again are you?” He smiled, tried to find humor in his voice. “Only if you are then could you take a shot at the other side. Maybe then I can say it’s fashionable.” His words came out dry and sarcastic. He chastised himself. 
 Jade sank slightly, dropped her head and began to tremble. Sebastian saw it in her hands first where she gripped the counter top. It worked its way through her arms, her chest and neck. When she looked up at him her eyes were red and full. The trembles worked into her mouth, the muscles in her face.
 Sebastian held her arms: “Are you going to be all right?”
 Jade looked at her husband and finally let the tears come. She leaned into his open arms and sobbed.
 “He just seemed so helpless, I don’t know.” She looked up at him, “and hitting you like that. Seb, you pair you’re all I’ve got, I felt like my dad. The bastard.” 
 “Jade, forget about it. Your dads gone thank God, besides, it was me driving like an idiot. I shouldn’t have put you both at risk like that.” He held her face in his hands. “Look I’m sure that the vet will sort him out. Try not to worry.”
 Jade nodded, her forehead knocking against his shoulder, “Do you want a drink?”
 “No thanks. I should get to work.” He kissed her on the forehead and headed for the door. He looked back and smiled: “I’ll phone later, see how our little boy is.”
 Once back in his car Sebastian used his mobile phone to ring the bookshop. Ed, his deputy manager, answered on the first ring. Clearly it wasn’t a busy morning so far Sebastian thought sadly. 
 “Hello and thank you for calling Mounden Books. How may I help you?” On the last word Sebastian noted Ed’s tone had lifted an octave. 
 “Hey Ed, you sound chirpy. What’s wrong?”  
 “Seb where are you?” Ed hissed. “The Area Manager is here. He’s in your office at the moment, on the phone. I’ve got to tell you he’s not a happy chappy.” 
 “Oh.” Sebastian looked toward the heavens. I don’t need this today. 
 “Where are you Seb?”  
 “At home.”
 “No!” Ed was shocked, “you’ve not overslept have you.” 
 “No. Look Ed, will you apologise for me. I’ve had to take our cat to the vets.”
 “Is he alright?”
 “No, I think he’s been run over.” 
 “No shit. You move from the city to the country and your cat gets run over. What are the chances? I told you them country folk are mad. Safety in numbers, that’s what I say. Down my street there are more speed bumps than houses and there are a hell of a lot of houses. I bet you haven’t got one up on that hill have you? You’d sell up and come back to the city if you knew what was good for you.” 
 Sebastian glanced at the narrow lane ahead. “No we haven’t. Listen Ed I appreciate your sympathy and your concern, just tell the boss I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
 “Ok boss,” said Ed, his voice sounding like Tattoo from fantasy Island. Sebastian turned the ignition and shot out of the drive and onto the lane. 
 On hearing the car wheels spin on gravel, Jade looked out of the window to see Sebastian disappear from view; her face barely an inch from the glass. “You bastard,” she said. “One minute you’re telling me how sorry you are, within seconds you’re driving like an idiot again.” Her speech misted the glass and so she rubbed at it franticly with her hand. When she looked again, the glass was greasy and smeared, appearing worse than before. She’d only cleaned them the day before. In frustration she smacked her hand down on the table. Although when she looked at it her palm was bright red and hurt like hell, it felt good. The pain felt good and that, she knew, was terribly wrong.  
 She shook her head, “first my little boy gets hurt through no fault of his own and now my husband is trying to kill himself.” She pulled herself away from her tainted reflection and went back into the kitchen. “To top it all off, I’m turning into my father. Oh and talking to myself. Let’s not forget that one.” 
 An unfinished cake, moulded in the shape of a bouquet of flowers, sat on the counter top in the corner. Next to it was a half finished bottle of red wine, a leftover from the previous nights meal. She flitted from one to the other: finish the cake or finish the wine? Really there wasn’t a choice. She reached for a large glass and emptied the contents of the bottle.
 Sebastian used every short cut he could remember to get to the store in as short a time as possible. The rush hour traffic was beginning to dissipate and was now being replaced with the more sedate driving of the early morning shopper. 
 In the city this was probably when car accidents were least likely to occur as the maximum speed tended to be twenty miles per hour. Clearly this was great news for the safety of drivers and pedestrians alike. Not for Sebastian though, not today of all days. He cursed, swore, and dug his fingernails into the steering wheel as other drivers paused, pondered and weighed up the advantages of one parking area compared to another. “Just bloody park!” Sebastian screamed to one driver who couldn’t seem to decide on turning left or right. In both directions were ‘Short Stay’ car-parks each proudly boasting over two hundred and fifty spaces. Eventually the driver turned left much to the relief of Sebastian. 
 His familiarity with the back streets of Mounden originated from the early part of his youth. His father, a successful accountant in the city, loved football. If Mounden were playing at home, whether in the week or at the weekend, he would often treat his son and take him along to watch the match. 
 Sebastian’s family lived on the northern fringes of the city and from his father’s point of view Mounden’s ground was inconveniently placed in the southern part. For William, Sebastian’s father, this presented an enjoyable challenge. When Sebastian looked back on it, he often wondered if his father received more entertainment from this than the game itself: how to get from north to south Mounden in as short a time as possible. 
 Each time they went, a different tactic would be employed with minor tweaks and adjustments made from the previous journey; whatever the route the quiet back streets would always get their fair share of use. 
  Of all the memories, which stuck in his mind from those early years two in particular stood out, each for very different reasons. The first was his fondest memory of being with his father. They had parked their car and were walking toward the game. It was raining hard. Sebastian remembered the sound of raindrops hitting his father’s umbrella making a noise like the machine gun fire he had heard on a late night war film which his father had inadvertently and later regrettably allowed him to watch. A man had walked toward them on their side of the dimly lit street, each footstep that he made could be heard banging on the wet pavement producing sounds like approaching mortar from the same movie. As he got closer Sebastian remembered shivering violently as icy cold droplets of water ran down his neck to settle at the base of his spine. Each drop would wait in turn for the one ahead to slowly soak into his cotton shirt before doing the same. 
 The man, walking toward them, wore a black woolen hat pulled down tight over his head and was wrapped in a heavy shiny leather coat, which his hands were tucked into. Sebastian couldn’t help but stare. His face shone a pastel orange and yellow where it reflected light from a streetlamp he was walking under. 
 Sebastian never really remembered what it was he felt at this point: fear or anticipation, he didn’t know. He did remember the feeling dispersing as he saw the warmth in the man’s face as he looked first at Sebastian then at his father, smiling at both in turn and saying “hello.” His father had immediately responded as had Sebastian. 
 When the man’s footsteps were nothing more than faded echo’s William gently held Sebastian’s shoulder to stop him from walking on and said, “Come on son we might as well go home.”
 “Why?” Sebastian had asked. 
 “Well it looks like rain has stopped play, being as though that was our goal keeper.” 
 “Our goalie?” Sebastian had turned and smiled at the disappearing view of the not so strange stranger. 
 Sebastian had followed the career of that goal keeper ever since and watched as he had gone on to become one of the most famous of his time saving goals for England on numerous occasions and had only stopped after a terrible accident took his sight from one eye.  
 The second memory was one from when his father had changed tactics. Some of the back streets of Mounden had been denoted as one way; the local council taking on board policies used in the greater cities. In the main this was to aid deliveries down narrow streets with large vehicles. His father figured it wouldn’t do any harm to use some of these at night but to go the wrong way, which would have apparently saved three to four valuable minutes. 
 For the first few minutes everything went well, then, as the car turned a corner, Sebastian watched his father’s dull and shadowed determination explode into bright light as they were faced with the blinding lights of one such vehicle. Sebastian thought it was aliens and was scared, and then he heard the deafening noise from the lorry’s horn and was terrified. The delivery driver pounded on his horn again and flashed his lights. The Volvo skidded to a stop as the lights grew brighter, the horn louder. 
 “Hang on Sebastian,” his father cried as the car shot backwards at maximum speed knocking over a plastic dustbin as it went. The contents spilled all over the narrow road in front of the lorry. 
This only served to aggravate the delivery driver even more judging by his apparent increase in speed. 
 Sebastian remembered the lights. He thought they were going to eat, somehow swallow, him up. 
 “Dad,” he had whined. 
 “Not now son.” 
 His father had finally saved their lives by reversing into an empty delivery bay giving the delivery driver room to maneuver passed. 
 Turning to Sebastian he had said, “For God’s sake, don’t ever mention this to your mother. I think she would kill me.”
 It wouldn’t have mattered anyway as, ironically, three weeks later he was dead and buried. 
 Sebastian had last seen his father alive at approximately eight thirty on a Wednesday evening in October of nineteen seventy-two.  After brushing his teeth and washing his face he had climbed into bed to wait patiently for his father to come and tuck him in. When his father eventually arrived he closed the door behind him and turned to face Sebastian and said with genuine excitement on his face, “I have a surprise for you son.” Sebastian’s eyes lit up. The book he showed him was ‘The Lion The Witch And The Wardrobe.’ 
 Sebastian hadn’t been impressed at first and had tried to fake sleep but his father had persistently read on. By the time Lucy went through the wardrobe for the first time and met the fawn, Sebastian, eyes bulging, had sat up in bed.  
 His father had stopped at this point refusing to carry on, even after pleas from his now wide-awake son. 
 “I’ll read you some more tomorrow,” he said, “I promise.” Sebastian didn’t remember anything more from that night until later, even though he had tried. 
 He tried to remember the scuffle that must have taken place outside his partially open door. 
 He tried to imagine the pain his father must of felt as the thief buried a knife from the kitchen deep into his father’s gut puncturing a lung as it went and nicking his spine before stopping. He tried to remember his father’s whispers for help as he lay bleeding to death on the hallway floor. 
 Finally, he tried to remember why he hadn’t been overly concerned when he had tripped over his father the following morning. 
 He had woken sleepy eyed and tired and had made a dash for the toilet to ease the pain in his bladder. He had remembered everything after that moment vividly as if it were a videotape replaying itself night after night when he tried in vane to sleep.
 After relieving himself he had walked into his mothers bedroom and asked why daddy was sleeping on the floor and what the sticky drink was that was all over the carpet. His mother had watched her son rubbing his still tired eyes, bringing them away to reveal a bloodstained face. 
 She had knocked her son over as she ran by pausing only briefly before collapsing in front of her husband.
 The thief who had killed Sebastian’s father had been caught five days later; earlier but on the same day as the funeral. The Police had respectfully kept there distance from the burial service, waiting under the swaying branch’s of a large isolated beech tree in an attempt to take shelter from a strong wind which had brought with it icy rain. The detective, a man nearing retirement, had looked up to see the proud tree standing nearly one hundred foot over the graveyard. He reckoned it would have a root system that would know the secrets of over half the graves; each with its own dark story to tell and wondered what it would make of the new arrival. 
 It had taken almost a year of therapy to help Catherine, Sebastian’s mother, to come to turns with that dreadful night.    
Sebastian spent the time with his grandparents and eventually came to except that his father was gone forever. Sometimes at night when he felt that he was forgetting his father’s face he would pick up the copy of ‘the lion, the witch and the wardrobe,’ and reread the last chapter that his father had read to him. He never went beyond the point where his father had stopped and consequently never enjoyed the wonders, which were beyond the wardrobe. 
 Even now thirty years later the children in the book still waited for the moment when they could go through. As he approached the store he casually wondered where the book had gone. 
 When Catherine felt that she would cope, she sold what had been the family home and with Sebastian headed north. Sebastian spent the next five years in a boarding school, whilst Catherine worked hard in the city. Towards the end of this period of relative solitude Catherine became aware that she had coped with the loss by shutting out the memories of her husband. 
 She had shut out their early courting years, their first fumbling with the wonders of each other’s bodies, marriage, travel, the birth of their child and the friends they had made along the way as they had grown together. By moving out of Mounden she had sealed it all away in a parcel, addressed to the deepest parts of her mind as if never to be thought of again. 
 Sebastian was ten when she sat him down in the kitchen and asked, “Do you fancy going home soon?”
 Sebastian, with a mouth full of cereal, had smiled at his mothers humour, “This is home mum.”
 “No Sebastian, this isn’t where we belong, this isn’t home.”
 As soon as she was able, she sold up and together they moved back to the northern part of Mounden. Some of her friends had moved on, but not all and she was quickly accepted back into the fold. She had spent that first summer with her son, showing him the paths that his father and she had led him on as a young boy. And day-by-day as they trod them, the memories eased back into her world, filling it like the smell of warm baking bread in a kitchen. 
 She took out the photographs that were locked away and spoke proudly of his achievements and of how similar Sebastian was to him.  
 His mother hadn’t told him what had happened until he was nearly fourteen. The thief was a young man in his early twenties who squatted in a warehouse with a group of other homeless in a run down area of Mounden. He was a heroin addict and was thieving to pay for his daily fix. At his confession he had done his best to apologize for the devastation, which he had caused to the family.  
 His name was Peter Carter and he spent the next two years in prison keeping his head down and doing his time. When the prison warden found him lying on his bed one morning, he hadn’t been surprised at what he saw, saying that he had seen it coming. Peter Carter lay in a pool of his own blood similar in many ways to the man he had killed. Each wrist had been slit from top to bottom. This wasn’t a cry for attention that went wrong. Peter Carter wanted to die. On his chest lay a well-read bible and a note on a piece of tear-stained paper: ' God, please forgive me for what I've done. I didn’t see no other way. They sent me there. Don’t judge me too harshly.’ 
 Once Catherine had finished telling her son she had been ready for any reaction but the one she got. Sebastian had sank himself into her arms and chest and cried until the tears wouldn’t come anymore.  
 “Why Mum?” he had wept. “Why is this world so messed up? I don’t understand it and I never will.” 
 She had held him as a rage she had never seen before shook through his body. 
 “Why do people have to live in squalor and decay? Why didn’t anyone help him and…” Catherine had a fourteen-year-old boy on her hands with lots of questions to which she had no answers. She worried every day that he went to school, that he would get into fights and start bullying or even playing truant. None of these things happened though. Sebastian did well at school not really coming close to excelling at anything just doing well. On the comments section of the reports it always read something like: ‘Sebastian could do better, he has a tendency to daydream and loses focus easily.’ Sebastian wasn’t really daydreaming he just spent lots of time trying to understand why. When he met Jade he stopped asking and quietly thanked God for any intervention that had made this woman fall in love with him.     
 Sebastian attempted to pull into his parking space behind the book store and found it was already filled by a black five series B.M.W. ‘I bet that’s got anti lock brakes as well,’ he thought as he brushed by his Area Managers car. He used his own set of keys on the back door instead of knocking and let himself in.


Chapter Seven
Jade’s anger
 
Jade caressed the glass of wine with sore hands, sipping at it occasionally while watching the unfinished cake for any sign of change. The coolness of the glass did little to ease the tingling in her fingers. 
 After five minutes of willing, and using any psychic ability that she hoped she might possess, she resigned herself to the fact that she was going to have to get on with it, if she was going to stand any chance of finishing the cake in time. The cake she was making was for an older lady who lived on the hill.
 Mrs. Wilkes had approached Jade two weeks ago, asking if she could make a little something for her granddaughters eighteenth birthday. “Nothing fussy mind,” she had said, “I wouldn’t want to spoil her none.” 
 Jade had decided that although normally she was in business to make a profit, in this case she wasn’t going to bother, in fact she wasn’t going to make any money at all. To see Mrs. Wilkes face light up at the sight of the finished cake would be enough reward. Besides, her small empire was finally starting to gain some momentum. Word of mouth had spread from Mowen Hill, rolling down its slopes, with tentative steps at first, which soon gathered momentum to finally make their way into the conversations of housewives and husbands in various parts of Mounden. Her telephone number had almost spread as well as the lottery results on a Saturday night and people from the city had now started contacting her asking for prices and leaving orders.
 Jade became attached to the old lady within the first week of moving to their new home in Mowen Hill. Jade had been standing in the drive, arms on hips, head cocked slightly to the left, considering how best to tackle the mountain of boxes before her.  
 They were labelled up ‘House,’ ‘Garage’ and ‘Loft’ and numbered just shy of fifty. Although planning up to this point had been as precise as John Churchill’s prior to the battle of Blenheim in Seventeen hundred and four. Similarities had ended when out of the blue, Ed’s wife had given birth to a baby boy three weeks premature. Sebastian had had no choice but to leave his wife to face the army of boxes alone whilst he went back to work to cover the store.
 A frail but warm voice, calling from behind had brought her out of her contemplation, “Hello there missy, do you need any help?” 
 Missy, she had called her missy. The last person who had called her that had been her mother. 
 Jade had been seven at the time and it was one of the last things she had called her before walking out the door and out of her life for the final time. “What will become of you little Missy?” she had said in a voice, which held about as much love for its recipient as a road rage assailant. “Damned if I know and damned if I care,” she had sighed as she slammed the door on the uncomprehending child.
 Her mother had left her and her two older brothers in the care of their father. The majority of money that came into the house from the dole and child support was used to finance a craving for cigarettes and alcohol. Occasionally he would look to make a sound investment though sometimes just like the stock markets around the world since September eleventh, those horses would fall, even when he did back a real winner. 
 Those were harsh days for all concerned. Harsh for him as he would be smoking roll-ups and butt ends instead of filters and drinking from bottles of thunderbird or from plain looking cans from the bottom shelf of the off-license as opposed to neat scotch from behind the counter. Harsh for Jade and her brothers as they tried to flea his flying fists. In the mornings at the breakfast table, when rather than a jar of fresh milk stood an empty bottle of booze and instead of waiting spoons and cereal bowls was randomly placed an overfull ashtray accompanied by burnt broken matches and screwed up empty packets of cheap cigarettes; the children knew better than to complain. Often it was better to go back up to the bedroom and plan out how best to get breakfast, usually at the cost of the Newsagents at the end of the street. 
 The random but regular beatings were always followed with the inevitable tearful and heartfelt apologies. He would lean in close and breathe out stale air, toxic with fumes, over his daughters face while rubbing furiously with his yellow and brown stained fingers at the bruises on her face, her arms and legs, desperate to remove the caked blood and erase the marks. Too vividly she remembered the times when she was younger and it was summer, he would gently escort her to her bedroom where he would slowly undress her and force her to wear jumpers and trousers instead of skirts and tee shirts. Sadly there was, locked away, a memory in Jades head somewhere, where she felt that it was nice when he did this; nice in a comforting kind of way. 
 For eleven long years she endured his beatings until one day, shortly after her second brother had fled the nest leaving her all alone, the elder brother had gone further than he had originally anticipated and was now in a prison in Northern England for an armed robbery that had left one innocent young man permanently crippled, she received her final and most violent beating from him. 
 She had come down the stairs dressed ready to go out and had thought him sober. She had not noticed the empty bottle protruding slightly from under the chair. Her father, now a man who was showing signs of self-destruction, was sat there staring at the wall. His will to live had long ago been overtaken by a will to drink. He also knew that Jade had her own money now. She had a part time job in a Café in town and was earning nearly twice as much as he was drawing. He also knew that she would never give him a penny. This ate away at his soul more than the alcohol was eating away at his liver and brought out his most vile of tempers. 
 When she had said that she was going out he had taken one look at the skirt she was wearing, which stopped high above the knee, and found this to be a suitable enough reason to justify his following actions. He attacked her with a rage fuelled by an insane anger. He closed the gap between them, quicker than his wasted body could carry giving the impression he was flying horizontally toward her like a demon. Jade had had no time to react and took the full force of his weight and of the bottle, which he had picked up from the floor. As he flew, he swung it in a wide clumsy arc, yet still managing to hit the mark. It crashed into the side of her head, the impact fracturing her skull, small shards embedding themselves into the thin skin, scratching at the bone. Her right hand came up slowly, more of a delayed reflex action than a form of defense, as she slipped into the safety net of unconsciousness. He used the bottle on her torso in the same way a percussionist in a rock band might use drumsticks during a furious solo, not stopping as she crumpled to the floor. The more he beat her the angrier he got and the angrier he got the more he beat. It was a vicious circle that he couldn’t stop. When finally he did it wasn’t due to mercy but due to weariness and the pain in his fingers where the broken bottle had sliced his skin. He had left her there to go back to the chair and enjoy the second part of Coronation Street while her blood slowly soaked into the carpet. 
 In the morning when he awoke on the chair he had no recollection of what he had done and so wasn’t surprised when she wasn’t there. 
 A passing milkman had found Jade in the morning. He was walking by their front gate, delivering milk next door, when he saw her lying face down on the path, dew coating her top and skirt. 
 Later, in a statement to the Police, he had said that when he saw her, he was convinced she was dead. He had noticed the front door was ajar and had gone in, calling for help. When he reached the lounge he took in the scene: A disheveled man sleeping on the chair, blood stains on the carpet and walls and a smashed bottle in the middle of the floor. Before going back to check on the girl, he used a neighbors phone to call first for an ambulance and then the Police. By the time the Police arrived Jade was in the ambulance and her father was making himself a cup of tea and rolling a cigarette in the kitchen. When they knocked on the door he had absolutely no idea as to what the fuss was about. 
 That night and the following several were spent in the Mounden City Hospital. A sympathetic Nurse treated her cuts and bruises. They had stalled the internal bleeding but could not save her spleen, which had had to be removed. 
 An angel had come to her one afternoon as she lay in a Valium induced doze. She had watched him float by her side and take her hand. He calmly explained that she was going to get better although she would never bear children. As her bloodshot eyes cleared and she became aware that she was listening to her Doctor she absorbed the knowledge numbly, happy for now to be alive and away from her father.
 She had met Sebastian during her second year of college; she knew immediately they were soul mates and had fallen into a kind of love, which grew stronger and deeper the more they grew together. Over the following two years they built up a rock solid relationship, which when the time came for Jade to tell him that there wouldn’t be children, cracked and crumbled around the edges but stood firm. Sebastian had felt that maybe, in the future, they could adopt. Jade wasn’t so sure.
 “I say Missy.” 
 Startled, Jade had turned to face an old, small, frail looking lady with silver hair and a face with the deepest lines etched into them. She wore a bright green knitted cardigan that stopped just below her knees. 
 “I’m not of a mind to stand here all day asking. Do you want a hand or don’t you?”
 Jade had looked at the boxes, most of which were as large as the stranger, and said, “well, I don’t wish to offend. They are quite heavy.”
 “No bother. Which one has the kettle and cups in? If you get that one open and point me in the direction of your kitchen, I’ll make us a nice cup of tea and you can tell me all about yourself.”
 “What about the boxes?”
 “What about them?”
 “I can’t leave them here, They would get stolen.”
 The lady had looked totally perplexed at what Jade had said, “Stolen! Up here, that’s a good one Ha, Ha.” 
 Later, inside the house, after some reassuring from Mrs. Wilkes that the boxes would be fine outside, theft, she assured Jade, was not a problem on Mowen Hill, they had spent over an hour chatting. 
 Jade had sat on the window ledge, not totally convinced about the boxes, while she listened to Mrs. Wilkes accounts of life on the hill. Although she doubted its validity, her favorite story, the one that she had later recounted to Sebastian, was a tale, which regarded the borders. 
 The county border of Staffordshire and Cheshire ran through the very heart of Mowen Hill. Such was its concern that if it had been solid, about fifteen houses would have a great red line going through their walls. Allegedly a Pub had stood where the Post Office now sat and the borderline had run straight through it. In fact it had run straight through the middle of the bar. Up to about thirty years ago the licensing laws of Staffordshire and Cheshire had been different. Time, Mrs. Wilkes said, was called in the former at ten thirty and eleven in the latter. This meant that when last orders were called at ten thirty, everyone shifted from the Staffordshire side of the bar to the Cheshire side and continued drinking for another half hour or so. This was fine in the week but at weekends when the bar got particularly busy, disputes and fights would break out as the Cheshire locals defended their side of the bar from the Staffordshire foreigners who had climbed the hill in search of a late drink. She said her late husband was one of those locals. 
 Sebastian was testament to the fact that the drinking laws didn’t seem relevant anymore as she was often awoken in the early hours of Sunday morning as lately he returned home with a drunken stature from the local after a ‘Lock-in’. 
 Mrs. Wilkes had said that she was born and bred on the hill. In all her years she had never strayed very far. “You see,” she said, “I can see enough of the world from up here.” Pointing, she said, “over that way I can see most of the plain and the welsh hills beyond. On the other side you can see half of Staffordshire sitting in its bowl and the rolling hills of the peaks further to the north. Mind you I can’t see as far as I used to. Perhaps I should get some of those,” she paused, scratched her head.  
 “Binoculars?” 
 “Don’t interrupt dear.” 
 Since that first meeting Jade and Mrs. Wilkes had become close friends. Mrs. Wilkes would often come round to see Jade when she was visiting her son, Anthony who lived on the street below the Alton’s. 
 It was Mrs. Wilkes who had helped Jade to get back in touch with her mother with whom she was now trying to rebuild a relationship. Mrs. Wilkes had laughed with delight at the surprise on Jade’s face the day she told her that she had details of her mothers whereabouts. When Jade asked how, she was told rather crisply, “I have contacts my dear.” 
 “But how could you possibly…” 
 “Missy,” she had snapped, “you should be thankful and leave it at that. Your questions are causing an uncomfortable itching in my ears.” 
 The phone rang in the hallway, disturbing Jades reverie. She went to the hall, and after a moment’s hesitation, answered.                                                      
 “Hello.” 
 “Hello Mrs. Alton. This is Gary Franklin.”
 Jade couldn’t place the voice or the name and realized she shouldn’t have drank the wine. Slowly she said, “I’m sorry, who?”
 “Gary Franklin, the vet from Bishops Gate, you brought your cat in to me this morning.”
 She’d almost forgotten, “Yes, sorry Mr. Franklin, I didn’t recognize the name,” or the voice, it sounded different, younger somehow.  
 “It’s no problem.” Jade heard him clear his throat. When he spoke again his tone was deeper, more serious. “Well I’m phoning you, regarding your cat, Harry.” 
 “Is he?” she couldn’t say the word.
 “Dead?” 
 “Yes.” 
 “No. He’s fine. He’s going to be sore for a couple of days. But other than that he’s tickety-boo.”  
 She almost jumped with joy, “Oh thank you, that’s fantastic. We were sure that he wouldn’t make it.”
 “I think it’s fair to assume he’s used at least one of his nine lives on this occasion.” 
Jade, aware she was crying, held the handset away as she sniffed. “Had he been run over?”
 “No he hadn’t actually.”
 “Oh,” Jade was surprised, “what then.” 
 “Well, after I gave him a local I was able to have a look, turned out he had the remains of a badly decomposed mouse in his gut.”
 Jade squirmed, but stayed quiet.
 “The little blighter had infected his stomach and large intestine. Looked as if the toxins were beginning to leak into his liver and kidney. It’s a good job you got him to me when you did; he was very lucky.”
 “Well, I can’t tell you how grateful I am for your help, thank you so much.”
 “No problem, all part of the service.”
 “Can we come and fetch him?” 
 “Yes, when you are ready. Oh, one more thing.”
 “Yes, what’s that?”
 “Sorry, this is the horrible part of the job. I hate it but it’s got to be done.”
 “What’s that?”
 “Is Harry insured?”
 “No.” Jade knew what was coming next. She’d never considered it before. In fact, other than being neutered and the odd injection, Harry was a stranger to the vets.  
 The man’s pitch changed again, “Only the work has cost a lot.”
 Jade wanted to scream down the phone; instead, she asked, in a restrained voice, “how much?”
 “Are you sitting down?” said Mr. Franklin, a trace of humour in his voice. 
 Jade was starting to wonder if this conversation was real. Not only that but she was quickly running out of patience and all previous gratitude was on the other side of her dirty smeared window. Funny how she’d never noticed it was tinted with red.
 “Yes, I’m sitting down.” She wasn’t. She was pacing the hallway. 
 “It will cost one hundred and sixty pounds I’m afraid.”      
 Jade inhaled two thirds of the air available in the room which would of created a potential vacuum disaster had the room been sealed and almost screamed, “How Much!”
 “Sorry for the shock but that’s how much these things cost.”
Neither Sebastian nor Jade had that kind of money lying around and she doubted if there would be enough in the savings account. “Do you take cards?”
 “Yes a card would be fine,” said Gary, sighing. He hated credit cards but had to accept the fact that it was an inevitable part of running your own business. Most of the time he increased the charge to take into account the interest he had to pay.
 “In that case I’ll phone my husband and ask him if he can leave early from work to collect him.”
 After the phone call Jade walked back into the kitchen and looked at the bare fruitcake that she should now be preparing. She had a lot of work ahead of her before it would resemble the bouquet of flowers, which she had pictured in her mind. Now she wondered at the cost, one hundred and sixty pounds would set them back some. But after a moments consideration she figured that as she had purchased all the ingredients anyway, the length of ribbon, the royal icing, molding icing and apricot glaze, all it really needed now was her love and skill to create the delicate flowers and leaves that would evolve this fruit cake blob into a work of art.  Besides that, what had she been thinking; Harry would be fine now, safe at home by the end of the day. On top of the fridge she saw another bottle of wine.    
 In the hallway she closed her eyes took a sip from the glass and phoned Sebastian.


Chapter eight
Harry is home, but…


Sebastian arrived home later that evening carrying Harry in a brand new light purple cat-box purchased at a special discount from the vets. Mr. Franklin said he could have it cheaper as he was spending so much. He met Jade in the kitchen, where the smell from the microwave filled the room. Sebastian could tell they were having lasagna, not from the smell, but from the empty packet on the counter. 
 Together, Sebastian and Jade, knelt on all fours in front of the cat-box and stared intently through the white plastic bars at the sleeping form of Harry as if he were some rare exotic deadly animal from a far off land.  
 “You know what Jade?”
 “What?”
 “Remember that pair of boots I had that fell apart on me one winter when we were walking in the Lake District?” 
 “Yes I do. How could I forget? You paid a fortune for them and for the rest of that week you complained they would completely disfigure your feet forever.” As she said this she looked into Sebastian’s face searching for an explanation as to where this was leading. The plaster distracted her momentarily. Her mark, her signature, left on his face like a post it note: I’ll be back in five minutes. You better watch out. 
 “Well I thought they had,” said Sebastian ignoring the attention she was giving him and shifting his feet subconsciously.  
 “Anyway,” said Jade, looking back at the cat-box, “what about them.”
 “The stitching on those boots looked a damn sight better than the job the vet’s done on Harry and as you know they didn’t last five minutes.” 
 “So what’re you saying?” 
 “Well…”
 “Are you saying that you think Harry’s side’s going to split open like those boots did?”
 Sebastian, with pursed lips and screwed eyes, shrugged his shoulders.
 They both examined the wound for signs of tearing. The hair around the area where the vet had worked was shaven and revealed a cut, less than an inch long. The stitches were uneven and rugged. 
 “Looks too small to me,” said Jade, as she climbed up off the floor and brushed imaginary dust from her already faded and battered jeans. 
 “Stitching aside, I reckon that Mr. Franklin must be very skilled to work in such a small area. I mean how do you remove a dead mouse from a hole that small?” Sebastian said, his finger less than a millimeter from the wound. 
 Jade faked tapping Sebastian on the head. He ducked. “Seb you’re being gross now, stop it.” Behind her the microwave pinged. Jade opened the door, took out the lasagna and placed it on the counter top.
 “Mind you,” said Sebastian, “did you say he said the mouse was badly decomposed? I bet he was able to just suck it out of there.” Sebastian made a sucking noise to emphasize his point and turned to face Jade.  
 “Well I was hungry,” Jade moaned.
 “Sorry,” said Sebastian. “How’s the cake? Are you nearly finished?”  
 Jade sighed, saw Sebastian looking at the Tupperware bowl to her left, which housed the cake. Saw too, the empty bottle of wine on the floor tucked in by the bin. “I didn’t do much today. I guess my heart wasn’t in it. I was too worried about Harry.” She omitted to mention that she had terrified herself by the way her temper had flared up, not once but twice in one day. The memory of it was bitter like the taste of stale wine in her mouth. 
 Her mood spiraled; headed south. No it was best not to mention to Sebastian that she was turning into her father. He would only come and hold her, tell her not to worry. Tell her that everything was all right. She leaned over him to kiss his forehead. 
 Sebastian flinched. He didn’t mean to. The move was subconscious, involuntary. He hoped Jade hadn’t noticed. 
 “I’m going to bed,” she said. 
 Sebastian stood and said, “Seriously, you’re not eating?”
 “No,” Jade replied, “I wasn’t hungry anyway.” 
 Sebastian stepped toward her and tried to kiss her on her lips. She moved her face away. The empty wine bottle watched her. From the neck, escaping air: go on Jade. Let him taste me on your lips, on your tongue. Tell him Jade. Go on. 
 Sebastian, eyes closed, pecked the empty space.  
 “Good night Seb.” 
 Sebastian turned, watched her walk out of the kitchen, and confused said, “good night.” 
 Later in the evening, long after Jade had gone to bed, Sebastian channel flicked with the remote control while sipping a glass of wine. In the fridge he had found a half bottle and presumed it was the left over from the previous night.  
 Earlier he had dimmed the lights, opened the curtains, and sat back to watch a spectacular sunset. The great ball of fire had set over the plain, far off in the west, like a burst overripe orange on a dark blue kitchen table. The colours shifting from bright yellows and orange to darker reds and purples, and as the streetlights on the plain flickered into life the sunset was finally drowned by an inky blackness. 
 Two minutes of channel flicking later he turned the television off and put on a c.d. He found himself humming along as he thought back to the day, ‘by the time fear takes me over, will we still be rolling and feeling oblivion.’
 The day had gone from bad to worse. By the time he finally arrived at work he had found himself having to explain to his disbelieving boss what had happened to his cat. By now though the damage to his so far prospering career was done. Next he found himself explaining why the recent price changes hadn’t happened. But the piece de résistance came when the Area Manager became aware that a new title, one that should have been placed in the window in a prominent position and at various points around the store, was still sitting in cardboard boxes in the stockroom. A recent delivery not even checked off against the invoice.
 The new title, a blockbuster, sure to sell millions but, according to his boss, Sebastian had missed the boat and would now have to spend the rest of the week playing catch up. 
 All Sebastian wanted to do was take his boss to one side, gently squeeze an arm of his tan suit and say “so what. So what if I’m down by about thirty quid at the end of the week, it’s not the end of the world. Its not like I attempted to run over my own cat so I could have an hour off work.” 
 Clearly Sebastian had been upset, but like he always did in these situations, he smiled, said yes in the right places, no in the others and did his best to get his boss out the door. ‘Oh master you are so powerful please except two of my children for sacrifice and a thousand apologies’ he had thought as he closed the door on his arrogant boss’s back. Not without taking another look at his car though, and wondering whether he would sacrifice his personality to be able to afford a car like that and the wage that came with it.  
 When Sebastian later spoke to Ed about the books not being put on display, Ed explained that it wasn’t entirely his fault but rather the customer who had insisted that Ed spend a half hour searching for a title on the computer database that he neither new the authors name of, nor the title of. 
 Sometimes Ed was too nice. 
 Ed believed that the customer was always right, even if, in this instance he was a senile smelly old man with wiry crawling hair sprouting from his face like dead trees in the depth of winter. Nevertheless, by midday, the title had been placed on prominent displays around the store and in the window. They did sell a copy but this was to a customer who had pre-ordered and so thought Sebastian, didn’t count in favour to the area managers argument.     
 Now, back at the house, he had tried to put it all behind him, the wine had done the job nicely, anaesthetizing the parts of his brain that had caused him so much discomfort earlier. His boss didn’t seem so bad now. In fact he quite liked him and agreed with everything he’d said. He was a good boss. Sebastian was drunk.  
 Harry had slept for the last couple of hours mainly due to the anesthetic administered by the vet but was now slowly starting to come round. When Sebastian went around the house drawing curtains and turning off the lights, Harry was scratching at the bars of the cat-box, no doubt wondering what this prison was in which he had been placed. 
 Other than the box, Harry’s surroundings seemed familiar, with all the right smells. Yes he was definitely home. Luckily for Harry, Sebastian remembered he was locked up and so removed the door from the cat box giving Harry a gentle tap on the head before taking himself off to bed.
 Harry finally came around fully at about eleven that evening. The rest of the house was asleep. He stretched his long legs and yawned. The pain in his side shocked him and caused him to whine like a kitten crying for milk. He got up, arched his back and walked around the kitchen for a few minutes, rubbing at the legs of chairs and the table in an effort to replace his scent where it had weakened. Soon he became bored and realized he was hungry, after all his last meal had been over twenty-four hours ago.
 Looking inside his food bowl, he was upset to find it empty. The pain in his side was becoming more of an irritating ache although it was still sore in the place where the evil human had continually jabbed and prodded him with a huge silver pin. He walked toward the kitchen door and nudged the cat flap with his nose. 
 This should have been locked. The vet had told Sebastian that Harry needed to stay in doors for a couple of days to give the wound a chance to heal. Not only had he forgotten to mention this to his wife, he had also forgotten to lock it. 
 Harry gently eased himself through and out of the cat flap into the cool evening air. Once again the moon was full and giving off too much light for a sleek hunter to operate to the fullest of his abilities. Harry considered his options. Across the lane at the top of the garden in the fields beyond, the grass was still long, making it an excellent hunting ground for field mice, which were there in abundance. Although, now that the weather was beginning to cool, they were moving around less frequently, preferring to stay in their homes storing fat. His other choice was to go rooting along the hedges that bordered the fields in search of nests and small birds roosting in the lower branches, it was a long shot but it sometimes worked.  
 No sooner had he made his mind up, when a heavy cloud moved in front of the moon, the temperature dropped a couple of degrees within the same amount of seconds. Harry felt the chill and detected the wind picking up. The glare from the moon was greatly subdued by the clouds and Harry’s senses slowly adjusted to the increased darkness. In his weakened state it felt colder to him than it actually was. His legs were heavy as he wandered toward the top of the garden.   
 Suddenly a howl of anguish grabbed his attention; it sliced through the deathly silence like a crack of thunder before a heavy downpour. It hadn’t sounded to far away, not close enough to be at the edge of the garden. However, it did seem to have come from somewhere up the lane. His hunger, pain and weakness were all but forgotten as he decided to go and investigate. Once at the top of the garden he wormed his way on all fours through the hedge, careful to avoid the brittle sharp twigs. 
 Cautiously he poked his face out between the leaves and looked up and down the lane. It was clear and so he walked out on to it. The uneven stone surface was cold and damp and the chill ran up through his legs and settled somewhere in his belly awakening the pain there once again.    
 The lane had no artificial light on this stretch and so the dark here was just as intense as in the garden. Harry’s eyes and ears worked to capacity. His sense of smell wasn’t equipped for this kind of distance and so was almost redundant, useless. His erect ears twitched, listening for any echoes and his widely dilated eyes danced about together in an effort to determine where the wail had come from. 
 Gradually the breeze grew stronger and carried, weaving up the lane like a massive grey drunken ghost, a dense mist. In this light it was a semi solid bulk set to absorb all in its path.
 He heard the howl again, the hairs on his back stiffened. He crouched low to the floor, his belly squashed against the cold surface. This time the sound was more of a frail yelp and obviously of a dog in great pain and distress. 
 At the same time a startled crow, roosted in a tree high above Harry, hastily took flight, its large wings clipped at the trees branch’s causing bits of leaves and twigs to rain down on Harry. Fear had the better of him now. His natural survival instinct told him to ignore the sound and everything it stood for and to go about his business of annoying the natural wildlife. 
 His instinct nearly succeeded but he found that even though he hated most dogs, in his heart he sensed that this time they shared something: a common suffering that linked them together. 
 They say that curiosity killed the cat; well if Harry wasn’t careful it would be the death of him.
 Harry walked up the lane, away from the encroaching mist and on toward the large farmhouse, which was up ahead, separated from the lane by a short dirt track. 
 Since moving here from the city Harry had often come to the farm to play, routinely annoying the farmer, his dogs, cats, cows and well just about every animal that resided on the farm. If Harry had been human he would have been an unemployed, manically depressed, comedian. 
 Hazy light seeped through the thin curtains of the farmhouse to reveal a row of tall slender trees that gently swayed in the wind. Faint noises could be heard coming down the lane toward him, fragments of sound, laughter, clapping and music. It all stopped abruptly to be replaced by one voice: ‘In the news today.’ It reminded him of home and how far away it seemed to him now. Looking behind he saw nothing other than what appeared to be an impenetrable blanket. 
 He stopped abruptly, dead in his tracks.
 Tap-tap, tap-tap.
 Every nerve in his body was on fire.
 Tap-tap, Tap-TAP.
 His head stiffened, his eyes stared straight ahead unblinking, unmoving, frozen like black ice.
 TAP-TAP, TAP-TAP.
 The mist crept up from behind to overtake and engulf him. 
 TAP-TAP, TAP-TAP.
 He whimpered as his weakest sense, his sense of smell picked out a familiar odor. One he remembered well. One linked to the pain in his side.
 TAP-TAP.
 The footsteps stopped. He was able to make out a huge dark shape towering above him. As the mist swirled around, parts of the mass seemed to disappear from view only to reappear moments later elsewhere, making it hard for Harry to focus. The two colours, black and white, were holding each other in a lovers embrace. In an almost hypnotized state, Harry watched the colours dance and was slow to respond as part of the blackness broke away from the mass.  
 A gloved hand reached for him. 
 For what was actually only a brief second but in Harry’s mind seemed like an eternity, his body stopped working, the blood ceased to flow and his heart ceased to pump. 
 When it happened, the sensation of the leather glove touching his neck was as effective as an ignition key is to a car engine. Adrenalin rushed through his veins. He bolted away from the hand and ran blindly down the lane, his paws hardly touching the floor. After running for a few moments the ache in his belly once again pronounced itself upon him. Unable to keep up the pace, he slowed and turned. All around him the grey mass twirled. He was tired, confused and struggling with his direction.
 He listened. There it was again, the tapping of footsteps. 
 Quicker now, TAPTAPTAPTAP. 
 He ran away from the noise, in the opposite direction. The mist cleared a little. He spotted the hedgerow on his right. He dived into it and lay down against the moist rotten foliage. He winced at the pain inside. He was spent now; the rush of adrenalin had exhausted his reserves. 
 As his eyes slowly adjusted he saw that in front of him staring back, not five inches away, was a field mouse. It was well within his range. One claw swipe and it would all be over. But not today, not now, for he was well aware that he was the one being hunted. The footsteps were close again, he could see them clearly now that the mist had lifted slightly. 
 The shape was running, was running passed.
 The field mouse knowing that his life was under threat saw that the cat wasn’t paying attention to him and seizing the opportunity darted from the hedge across the lane narrowly missing the legs of Harry’s hunter. Harry could hardly contain his frustration. 
 If Harry had been the unemployed manically depressed comedian, he would have rolled on his back, kicked out his arms and legs and sobbed like a baby; it was almost a betrayal. The sound of shoes scraping and skidding to a stop was followed by the now familiar voice.
 “Now, what have we here?”
 Harry could almost smell the shoe polish. 
 “A mouse scuttling out from the bushes for, well no apparent reason.”
 Harry protracted his claws.
 “If I didn’t know better, I’d say that something just startled it, making it run out in front of me like that. What do you think?”
 Before Harry could move, react or respond, a gloved hand ripped through the hedge from above and clasped itself tightly around his neck almost shutting off his windpipe. Harry was dragged quickly out from the hedge to face his hunter and a bright scalpel. His legs weakly swung about in midair, the claws slicing at nothing but the mist.
 “You’ve been a naughty little cat haven’t you? You should be tucked up nicely at home with your feet up recovering from last night’s ordeal. Not out here trying to hunt.”
 All fight had left Harry’s debilitated body. His useless claws retracted into his soft pads.
 “No you should have left that to the experts.” A gloved hand stroked against his back.  “Mind you it’s not all your fault is it? I mean, you didn’t open the door for yourself did you?”
 As he asked the question, he shook Harry like a rag doll.   
 “No, I think the young Mr. Alton should take some accountability for that. Unfortunately for you, in order to make him aware of the error of his ways, it appears you’re going to have to suffer again. How I hate to make you suffer.”
 He took the blade to the stitches on Harry’s side and skillfully cut at one then another and finally one more. The wound eased apart and strained at the remaining four stitches. As the blood began to flow he placed Harry back on the ground and said, “Off you go then. Believe me you’re lucky.” He chuckled, “You should see the state of the dog up the lane.” 
 He left Harry writhing on the floor and walked off down the lane to disappear from view. 


Chapter nine
More hunters on Friday evening


“Joe, you’ve been stroking that bloody baseball bat for the last two hours. You’re going to turn it into a stick if you carry on and then what are you going to do, whip him?”
 “Ah leave him be Adam. He’s just thinking of his woman back home and wishing he was bigger.” Anthony twisted his neck in Joseph’s direction. “Not that you’re not a big lad Joe, but sometimes these buxom ladies, well they just need a little more.”
 Joseph, the youngest of the three, sat alone in the back of the hire car, a new Vauxhall Astra, which had been collected from a depot in Windermere earlier on in the day. It was too tight in the back, and along with everything else, he was feeling hot and claustrophobic. They were right, he had been thinking about Sophie. Who wouldn’t, she was a real gem; though she was not in his thoughts for the reason Anthony had given. Truth was Sophie was a comfortable distraction from the feeling of dread he had had ever since being asked, more like told, to come along. 
 Joseph was the muscle behind the operation, the fear element. They had made that clear. Right now he wished he was a lot smaller and lighter than his 320lb bodyweight, of chiseled muscle, then they would have had to get someone else to do the dirty work. Steve Gates could have done it himself; he was big enough. 
 This was Joseph’s first time out; he was far from home and far from comfortable. He squeezed the neck of the baseball bat, if it wasn’t for his respect for Steve, he’d have maimed this pair long ago, certainly Adam at any rate. Adam was an impatient hot-tempered fool, with a chip on his shoulder not developed from his shortness, but from something else, something he had never spoken of. Whatever it was he wore it like a tattoo.  Anthony was older, cooler and knew it all. He had been around when Jerod Gates, Steve’s dad, was alive. 
 Together they mixed like oil and water. Joseph’s father had told him to be wary of them both: ‘especially the Blake kid’ he had said, ‘never turn your back on that one’. 
 Rubbing the condensation on the glass, Joseph glanced out of the side window toward the ‘White Lion Public House.’ 
 Heavy raindrops bounced from the pavement; it hadn’t stopped for three hours. 
 “My dad used to bring me up here when I was kid,” said Anthony staring beyond the windscreen into the downpour. “It always rained then. I don’t think I’ve ever been here when it’s not.” 
From the passenger seat Adam regarded him with disinterest, “What time is it?” he asked.  
Anthony studied his watch for long seconds before replying, “not long now. Nearly last orders.” 
 Adam gritted his teeth, “can’t you just answer a simple bloody question?”
 Anthony, looking outside, watching the rain, quietly said, “It’s ten thirty. Can’t you read the clock on the bloody dashboard?”
 From the back seat of the car, Joseph leaned forward and whispered, “now, now children will you calm down.”
 Together Adam and Anthony turned round and yelled: “Piss Off!”
 Joseph shot backwards, into his former resting place. He stretched his fingers before wrapping them tightly around the neck of the baseball bat once more.  
 Anthony broke the silence fifteen minutes later as a gangly bald headed man, wearing a long raincoat, staggered from the Pub, “that him?”
 Adam nodded, “Yeah that’s him, Howard Audrey. Follow him, slowly.” 
 Anthony started the engine and did so. 
 “According to the info Steve gave me,” Adam continued, “he lives about a quarter of a mile away on Stony Avenue. When I tell you to, pull up ahead of him, you stay put, keep the engine running, Joseph and me will get him in the car.” He glanced into the rear view mirror, “Joseph, you ready?”
 A quick nod, “are you going to tell me what he’s done now?” 
Adam paused and considered the question. 
 His orders were simple: Take Anthony and Joseph to Ambleside in the Lake District. Find Howard Audrey. Take him to some place quiet, knock him around a little. Put the fear of God in him. Make sure he knows the error of his ways. At the point he believes he is about to die, throw him a lifeline. Use the gun to threaten only. ‘We have no authorisation to kill this man Adam. Whatever happens do not kill him, is that understood?’ Adam had, with hungry reluctance slowly nodded.  
 As Anthony drove at a steady distance behind Howard, Adam decided it wouldn’t do any harm to fill Joseph in with the details: 
 “Howard Audrey is married to a woman called Maria. Previously she was a Wulstan. Her brother is one of our brothers as was his father and grandfather. Like us he is simply that: a brother.” Anthony looked across at him noticing the way ‘brother’ was said with such contempt. He looked back at Joseph; he had heard it too. 
 “He has no lineage,” Adam continued.  
 “So what’s he done?” Joseph asked.
 “Howard’s been knocking Maria around. She tried to keep it quiet but her brother put two and two together. I guess make up can only cover so much.” Anthony and Joseph nodded. “From what I’ve been told Howard had heard Maria and her brother arguing. He had told her that he could have Howard taken care of, but she wanted to sort it herself. Said she’d talk to him about it when he was sober. Her brother had gone to their ‘Vestibular’ for advice.” 
 From the backseat Joseph smirked. 
 “What?” Adam asked. 
 Joseph answered calmly, feeling he had touched a nerve, “nothing, sorry, carry on.” 
 “Tell me what’s so funny big guy?”
 “That word, vestibular, just weird I guess.”
 “I suppose it’s because Steve always likes to be referred to as Steve. He hardly ever uses it,” Anthony cut in. 
 “I’ve never heard him use it,” said Joseph. 
 “Well he should! Anyone granted the honour should use it with pride,” Adam snapped. 
 Anthony glanced quickly at Joseph. Joseph understood the meaning held in his eyes and remained quiet as Adam continued.
 “The Vestibular had asked him to abide by her wishes, give her a chance to sort it out. And so he did. Everything was fine until Howard went to the papers. Not one of the broadsheets though, a local one. Sad thing for him is, another brother works there. He interviewed Howard, and was amazed at just how much information he had gathered. Howard thinks he has uncovered a major story. So far the brother has managed to stop Howard from going to the broadsheets by saying he is trying to negotiate a large sum for the story. Obviously it’s only a matter of time before Howard grows impatient. I guess that’s where we come in. Personally I think we should finish him now.”
 Joseph remembered what his father had said; he could feel the dread building. 
 “But we can’t. It hasn’t been authorized.”
 “Why not?” Anthony asked. 
 “I guess he hasn’t actually done enough wrong yet.”
 “Yet. He’s threatened the ‘Order.’ He’s beaten his wife.” 
 “We have to respect her wishes. Besides he hasn’t really threatened the ‘Order,’ nobody can do that,” Adam said boldly.
 “Yeah, but you know what it’s like when we’ve got these people on the rim,” Anthony argued, “everybody on the spokes on that section suffers under a constant pressure, always having to watch and listen. They can’t get on with their normal lives.”
 Joseph scoffed, “what’s normal about it? And why’s Steve called a ‘vestibular?’” 
 Adam replied as though reading from a textbook, “the vestibular is the entrance to all beyond, through him everything travels.”   
 “What?” Joseph wanted to laugh.
 “Adam?” said Anthony.
 Adam ignored Anthony and stared at Joseph through the rear view mirror, “like you say Joseph, Steve never uses the name.” 
 “He doesn’t have to,” said Anthony, “he does a good job and there is no point in upsetting the balance.” 
 “The bloodline should use it.” 
 In the back, Joseph had given up listening, content for now to look instead out into the wet evening. 
 After turning right, into Stony Avenue, Howard Audrey was met with darkness. Each one of the streetlights was out. He checked the houses. Most were the same. Some had flickering lights beyond closed curtains, “candlelight,” he muttered, “damn.” 
 His breath quickened as did his alcohol induced pulse. Feeling sober now, he stopped, and turned to face the main road he had come from. The streetlights there were working, strange. 
 He noted a parked car between the main road and himself; dimming headlights left marks on his retinas. Had he walked past without realizing, maybe, he wasn’t sure.
Inside the hire car, almost inaudibly, Anthony asked, “think he’s on to us?”
 Without taking his eyes from Howard, and staying silent, Adam slowly shook his head.
 “Lights being off like that, that’s a stroke of luck,” said Joseph. 
 “No luck about it,” Adam replied. 
 From where he stood, Howard could make out at least two people in the car, maybe, he thought, it was a couple making out. But if it was, then why could he feel their eyes boring into him. 
 Howard Audrey made a decision. He turned and ran towards his home. 
 From inside the car Adam calmly said, “Okay Anthony, cut him off.” 
Fifty yards from his home Howard came to an abrupt halt as the Vauxhall Astra, mounting the pavement, blocked his path. 
 A heartbeat later Adam was standing ahead of him, Joseph to his left. 
 Although he could have guessed, Howard asked anyway, “what do you want?” The question came with the confidence of a ten year old boy on his first date.
 The man in front, the shorter of the two, regarded him with steady eyes. “Howard Audrey?”
 Howard stayed silent.
 “I’ll ask you once more.” Before he could, Howard nodded.
 “Good. We’d like you to come with us Howard.”
 Howard gazed toward his home. That bitch, what has she done, I’ll kill her for this. He brought his attention to the man on his left; he was a lot younger than the one doing all the talking, maybe mid-twenties. Howard could see he had a strong jaw, and his mouth was pinched. The eyes gave it away though; they didn’t belong on the image he was failing to draw. Howard looked down at the baseball bat and asked, “what’s that for?”
 Joseph, looking at the bat, didn’t answer. 
 Perhaps this isn’t as serious as I imagined thought Howard and said, “what’s the matter? Cat got your tongue. Have they brought you along to scare me?” 
 Joseph’s eyes searched Adam’s who sighed nonchalantly and gave the slightest of nods. 
 Howard saw Joseph’s jaw crack into a humourless smile, “Oh shit.”  
 “Let me show you,” said Joseph. He swung the bat high over his right side and brought it crashing down where it connected just below Howard’s left knee. It made a loud crack. The sound echoing all around the houses. 
 Howard knew nothing but pain and hadn’t realized he was on the floor until Joseph grabbed him roughly and threw him against the car. A swift blow connected with his groin; a stream of vomit cut off his cry. He slid down the side of the car. 
 “Ok Joe, that’s enough for now,” said Adam watching Howard’s paling face.  
 “Sorry,” said Joseph, “I got a little carried away. I wasn’t sure how hard to hit him.”
 “It’s ok, it happens. Believe me I should know.” 
 Anthony came out of the car, opened the bonnet, and took out a handful of tissues. He passed them to Joseph and walked back toward the driver’s door, stepping over Howard as he did. 
“What am I supposed to do with these?” Joseph asked. 
Without turning Anthony mumbled, “I’m not having the smell of sick in the car, I can’t stand It. Clean him up and get him inside. Quietly.” 
 Ten minutes later the car had left the rain and Ambleside behind, and was working its way along pitch-black narrow winding roads towards the small picturesque village of Hawkshead. 
 Occasionally Anthony had had to swerve to avoid a startled rabbit. Each time he did he caused the now unconscious head of Howard’s to fall against Josephs shoulder: “Can you quit doing that?”
 Laughing Anthony had said, “I’m not having bunny deaths on my conscious. I would never sleep at night, what would I tell the kids.” 
 “Besides,” said Adam, “It’s not been authorised.” 
 They all laughed at that, even Joseph. 
 Later, almost three miles out of Hawkshead, at a signpost that read ‘Tarn Hows,’ Anthony turned right. The car climbed steeply up a road narrower than before which was all but deserted.  
 Shortly they were parked in a national trust car park. Howard’s head had fallen backwards, his mouth was open and he was snoring.
 “Can you believe this,” said Joseph, “he’s sleeping like a baby.”
 “Yeah,” Anthony replied, “he stinks like a tramp though.”
 Together the three dragged Howard along the car park, his shoes leaving tramlines in the gravel. They crossed the empty road onto a wet grassy bank where they unceremoniously dumped him at the water’s edge. The wind had picked up, the lapping of the water against the black rocks on the tarns edge breaking the silence. 
Howard was virtually conscious now. Although the pain in his knee had subsided to a dull ache the blow to his groin had caused a sickening throb deep in his stomach.
 Adam leaned over him and sneered, “Get up!”
Not wishing to face the consequences of having to be told again Howard rolled to one side and heaved himself up on his good leg, his back to the water. Joseph had placed himself just off to the left of Howard, Anthony to the right.
Adam stood opposite Howard further up the bank lending strength to the impression he was taller than his short though stocky five feet five. It caused Howard to crane his neck. His voice, when he spoke, oozed self-importance. “Howard, I presume you know why we are gathered here today.”
 “I can guess.”
 Adam crossed his arms before continuing, taking on a military stance, his voice dropping any humour. “Tell me something Mr. Audrey. Did you really imagine you could get away with this, going to the papers with a story about a hidden society? What did you think we would do if, as you maintain in your interview we exist in some far reaching capacity. How could you possibly hope to get away with it? The society, as you call it, has existed unscathed for centuries. Since the Romans, no one has ever come close to exposing it.”  Adam took a step forward losing some of his former dominance. “So what’s so special about you Howard? What magic do you posses?” 
 Howard took a step back, closer to the tarns edge. Black icy water lapped gently against his shoes. Numbness quickly found a home in his feet rooting him for the moment.
 Adam went on, “You know what, if you’d have dug a little deeper before greed overtook your common sense then maybe you’d have realised just what we do with runts like you.” 
 Howard looked down at his soaking feet and for a moment lost himself in wonder as the numbness climbed along his thighs and into his groin before settling in his stomach. He felt as though his body was accepting the inevitable and shutting itself down. When he spoke his voice came from a far off place, a place where he wanted to be right now. From there came a vision of his mother leaning over him, kissing him goodnight. He watched as a tear splashed on his shoe and said, “I’m sorry.”
 “You’re sorry?” Adam looked at Anthony, “He’s sorry. Well that’s it then, what do you think Ant?”  
 “Well…” Anthony seemed to consider the point, “if he’s sorry then maybe we could just forget about all this. Then Howard could go back home to his lovely wife and beat the crap out of her, hell maybe we could give him a lift!”
 “He’s got a point Howard, what’s to stop you from going back home and beating the crap out of Maria. After all she really dropped you in the shit didn’t she?” Adam kicked the dirt beneath his feet. “Take your clothes off Howard.”
 “What? Please,” Howard begged.
 “Perhaps you’d like the big guy to help you?”
 Howard fumbled with his belt. Undid his trousers, and watched as they fell to his ankles. He didn’t seem to know what to do next. Joseph took a step toward him. The baseball bat hung loosely at his side. Howard took an involuntary step back; his foot came down on a loose wet stone. He slipped, lost his balance and fell backwards into the tarn. Icy cold water engulfed him. For a few seconds he disappeared below the surface. When he came up, he was coughing water. Joseph was by his side thigh deep in the water. He dragged Howard spluttering back to the edge.
 From the bank Adam was laughing, “Keen for a swim aren’t you. Now get your clothes off, and hurry up. I could catch my death out here.”
 Howard kicked his trousers off. As he removed his jacket he felt something hard on the inside. His knife! He always had it with him, a five-inch blade in a leather sheath. How could he forget! As he took the jacket off he held the knife with one hand and slowly removed it whilst passing the jacket to Joseph who instinctively took the jacket with his free hand.  
 Before anyone realised what was happening, Howard sprung himself at Joseph. He swung the blade this way and that, catching him first in his shoulder, then across his cheek and finally deep into his bicep before Joseph fell away. Streaks of blood crisscrossed his clothes and face. 
 Howard left him lying there writhing in agony and ran towards Anthony. 
 Anthony side stepped Howard’s swing and threw a hard left into Howard’s face. For a moment only the punch stalled him before he came back, more wary this time, toward Anthony. He swung the blade again but Anthony simply leaned out of the way and feigned another blow before throwing a pounding right deep into Howard’s stomach. 
 For a moment, winded and doubled over, Howard, breathing hard now, considered his next move.
 As he looked up Anthony put out a cautious hand toward him and speaking calmly said, “I really think you should put the knife down now Howard.”
Howard, regaining confidence, straightened and took a step closer to Anthony, who took a step back. They continued in this way along the water’s edge imitating a slow dance before Anthony spoke again. “Howard for your own good put the blade down.” Anthony took another step backwards and looked at Adam. 
 “Howard,” said Adam teasingly, “I’m beginning to feel a little left out here.” 
Howard turned towards Adam and saw he held a gun aimed at his head. Joseph was kneeling up on the bank busy stemming the flow of blood. The bloodstained baseball bat lying out of arms reach. 
 Howard’s tired and overstressed mind began to formulate another plan. To his right Anthony stood motionless his arm still outstretched as though offering some kind of hope. Although Anthony was closer, Joseph would be easier to hold with the knife. If he could do that then maybe he could get out of this, get away from these men. If he could get to the far side of the lake with Joseph, then take his clothes; he could easily find his way down one of the trails. Then he could get himself up to the border. He had a friend up there. He would take him in for a while. Not much of a plan, but it was the only one he had. 
 Without any more hesitation he leaped towards Joseph. He never made it. Something had hit his shoulder causing him to spin around and face Adam. He looked down as the knife hit the ground, then at his limp hand. Then he felt the burning in his shoulder. 
 Adam was stood above him an arrogant smile on his lips. It was the last thing Howard saw of this world. His last thought: a prayer.
 Adam smiled and squeezed the trigger. The bullet entered Howard’s face just above his left eye and exited shortly after taking most of his skull with it. Dead, he fell back into the tarn.
 Anthony, utterly stunned, blurted, “Adam why the hell did you shoot him? We weren’t supposed to kill him, just scare him. You had specific orders.” He shook his head in dismay, “We’ve had it now, and there’s no going back.”
 “Anthony,” Adam snapped, as he slipped the gun back inside his pocket, “shut the fuck up.”
 He glanced at Joseph, who was now on his feet, and enquired, “big guy, you going to be ok?” 
 Joseph managed a wary nod. Other than a deep cut in his arm the rest seemed superficial. 
Looking down at the body in the tarn Joseph asked, “what do we do now?”
 “Now? Now we go home. Let Steve sort this mess out. That’s what he gets paid for.” 


Chapter ten
Earlier on the hill, Sebastian takes a jump.


Over one hundred miles south, back on the hill, there was no sign of the band of rain which hung above the three men where they sat in the hire car. It was unlikely that there would be. The rain was working its way west to east. Its next stop: North York Moors.   
 Sebastian found himself musing while he ambled his way down the sleepy lane toward his local: ‘The Plain View’. 
 The consumption of two or three pints was normally sufficient in helping him reach a yoga-like state of tranquility before unlocking the doors the following morning to the eager hoards, who were keen to purchase their books before the lazier queues spread along the floor later on in the day. 
 In spite of the fact he frequented it regularly, his fingertips still endured a tingling of apprehension each time he pushed on and stepped through the Inn door. Though in fairness, more recent visits were finding him sauntering toward the bar with a confidence rarely seen on any but the most perennial of locals; the majority of any conversation he was involved was edging closer to completion as opposed to finishing mid sentence, which he vividly remembered them doing on his initial explorations. Where once he felt empathy toward, and a certain likeness for, a lone gazelle at a watering hole, his compassion was now fading like an old bruise. 
 What had in essence been a frustrating, grueling few days for Sebastian was almost over: a tragic play, one best forgotten.
 Harry, leading performer, enacting an unforgettably flawless role from the conception of this tragedy through to the dramatic climax, depicted the mischievous predator. Cameo roles performed both by his boss, the greedy, unsympathetic whip cracker. His wife Jade, the schizophrenic husband beater and finally the unfortunate role of apparent misguided villain carelessly recreated by himself, with exaggerated negligence.
 A standing ovation was to have been his just reward if only he’d remembered to lock the cat flap.
 He walked alone. Jade had left him at the house, with his tail placed firmly between his legs, and gone off to Mounden on her fourth experimental meeting with her mother. 
 She was wary. Visits thus far had been tentative at best. After the third, just over a month ago, Jade had felt she was slowly coming to terms with her mother’s reasons for abandoning two sons and a daughter. Jade perceived the road of redemption to be a long and twisted one, with many pot holes and cracks along the way, and she was uncertain as to whether she would be waiting at the end or not.
 Jades mother lived on Trunket Street. Coincidentally after Jade and Sebastian had exchanged vows in nineteen ninety-three they had bought a property on Bowmarsh Street which ran parallel to Trunket and almost mirrored her mothers in every way. They both smelled of damp and dry rot and leaked in the same places after torrential downpours. They had never crossed paths though, not that Jade would have recognized her mother: the years and guilt had taken their toll, as she was moving in to Trunket Street whilst Sebastian and herself were leaving Bowmarsh. 
 They were more than happy to be rid of the constant screaming of car alarms often preceded by the smashing of glass and the taunts and threats from rival street gangs as they fought over territory, power and drugs, and lastly, the arguments of their neighbours, which were sadly often more savage than the wars on the street.   
 Most nights were like having an imaginary television in the bedroom with a faulty on/off switch and the volume set to maximum.
 They traded life in the harsh city for a more peaceful one in the village of Mowen Hill, where in the morning birds sung to each other on electricity cables, tree’s and the tops of hedges, practicing it seemed for some spectacular musical. And at the height of summer when the windows were left open throughout the hot sticky nights, the early morning chattering of the milkman and the neighbours would flow into the bedroom as if on a magic silken scarf delivering snippets of local gossip and drama.
 Sebastian had found the place fascinating and perfectly idyllic. Their house was situated on Wyse Lane, neatly squeezed in-between Lane Ends Farm and Church Street. Several of the houses here including his were built in the seventies, though the majority on the hill, together with The Plain View were constructed from local stone quarried over two hundred years ago.
 Walking along Church Street, Sebastian saw ahead, a group of youngsters: three boys and two girls. Between them they had two skateboards and three sets of roller blades. A ramp fashioned from a large piece of plywood and six paint cans had been built on the pavement, and faced the downward gradient of the street. Other than the group, Sebastian and four parked cars, the street was deserted. The tallest of the group, a girl, looking to Sebastian to be about eighteen but probably closer to eleven, prepared to jump the ramp. As Sebastian watched her he noticed how steady she stood, balancing on the blades as though she were born to it.  
 She leaned and pushed forward and set off down the pavement. The wheels rumbled louder and louder, their pitch changing to match her gathering momentum. Seconds later she was gliding along the ramp with the grace of a ballerina and as she cleared it, with her arms raised, she took to the air like a hawk.
 To no one other than himself Sebastian said, “no doubt about it, that girl is going to be a real pro,” and crossed the road.   
 The girl landed smoothly and rolled on for a short while before spinning and coming to a stop. To the others, further up the path, she shouted, “easy as, oh yeah no problem. Nicki, come on little bro, your go!”    
 Sebastian slowed his pace to watch the boy move into position. He was small with spiky corn blond hair and wore round metal-rimmed glasses on his lightly tanned and freckled face. His jeans were huge and baggy, with enough material in them to make a quilt, for an elephant. They were finished off with a thick metal chain, which hung from a side pocket and looped down somewhere below the knee. Sebastian grinned at the fashion; it was all drainpipes when he was that age. He frowned at the design of the skateboard. The differences between it and most modern boards were discernible. Instead of being broad, flat and long, the boy’s board was short, narrow and had a lip on the back. It was an old board, possibly one of the first. Sebastian smiled recounting days of cruising on similar boards with friends and of being chased off streets by nasty parents who never seemed to understand a child’s need for speed. They were never children. 
 Sensing Sebastian’s presence, the boy looked back over his right side. He stared at Sebastian, almost rooting him to the spot, until one of the boys shouted, “come on Nicki.” He was taller and broader, but dressed identically, “Lets get it on,” he carried on, his voice like an American sports presenter. 
 The boy held Sebastian’s gaze for a moment longer, then dropped the board to the floor, flipped it over with his right foot and pushed away with his left. He speeded up, going faster and faster, the jeans flapping around his spindly legs like denim flags in a hurricane.
 “Go Nicki, go Nicki,” the taller boy sang. The girls joined him.
 Sebastian stopped walking and watched: “No, no, you’ve got it wrong.”
 The boy hit the bottom of the ramp hard and fast. The front wheels dug in to the lip of the wooden base and stopped. For a moment it looked as though the boy would run the length of the ramp and clear it that way.  
 Instead, his jeans caught on the board and tripping he fell face down, landing with his face looking down on the pavement over the edge of the ramp. His glasses fell to the floor. He cried out once, and then remained quiet and still.
 The rest of the gang walked toward him clapping and whooping.
 “Way to go Nick, way to go.”
 “Straight tens across the board.”
 “Nick you just took some seriously bad air man.”
 Sebastian’s concern was more than evident as he ran across the road directly in front of a car heading along it. The car stopped inches behind him. The driver too stunned to peep his horn as Sebastian ran on.  
 The drivers eyes followed Sebastian, on seeing the limp body on the ramp he shouted, “hey, he okay?” His concerns were answered as Nicki turned his face in the driver’s direction; his smile like a cheshire cat. 
 The driver’s vexation turned to infuriation. He huffed at the boy and muttered something under his breath before driving off along Church St. As if to further express his anger, the car tyres screeched as he turned left at the junction.  
 Sebastian reached the ramp, “I was across the road, saw what happened,” he leaned over to touch the boy’s shoulder, “you okay?” 
 The boy swiped Sebastian’s hand away and blurted, “get off me man.” He looked toward his friends. They had all walked toward the ramp, the girl, the boy’s sister, in front. 
 “Are you some kind of pedophile?” the boy carried on. 
 Sebastian rose to his feet and ignored the question, “well I guess you’re fine then,” he said. “But listen, next time you go for a ramp, place your running foot further back on the board, more over the back wheels, yeah.” 
 “Like you’d know,” said the girl.    
 “I’m not that old, jeez.”
 “Whatever, granddad,” said the girl, at the same time she showed him the palm of her hand and cocked her hip to one side. 
 Smiling now, Sebastian said, “Listen, me and my mates used to build ramps that would make yours look like a spirit-level.” 
 Nicki leaned up on his elbows, “show us then.”
 “Yeah,” said the other girl, “you can borrow my granddad’s wheelchair if you like.” She slapped a hand with one of the boy’s.
 Sebastian shook his head, turned, and started walking down the road.
 “Come on chick, chick chicken,” cried a boy.
 Under his breath Sebastian said, “fuck it,” and turned back.
 “Well, as you can see, I didn’t bring my own board.”
 “It’s no problem,” said Nicki defiantly, “you can use mine.”
 A minute later, Sebastian was stood, on shaky legs, twenty foot away from the ramp. It was to far for just a run up, but not far enough to hide his fear. 
 The group had moved away from the ramp and were sitting and waiting patiently on a garden wall. 
 Sebastian placed the board on the ground, put his right foot on it, felt it flex underneath, and in an attempt to sum up some youthful bravery, twisted his imaginary cap, once his lucky cap, around, back to front. 
 When he hit the ramp, the point of no return, he was smiling. The wooden ramp flexed and shifted under his weight but it didn’t matter and as he left the board he was just a kid again. 
 He was in the air, flying. He was a kid again, back home in Mounden. His mates clapped as he went by. “Seb, you rock,” one shouted. He was the best. 
 The wheels came into contact with the floor, rear ones first. Sebastian soaked what impact there was with his bent knees and sped on down the pavement, laughing as he went.
 “Way to go granddad, top banana.”
 Sebastian, still laughing, looked behind him. Maybe his dad wouldn’t have been proud but his old boarding mates would have. 
 Mr Garner, an elderly man from number fifteen was putting out his wheelie bin. Being deaf and short sighted he hadn’t seen or heard Sebastian and so placing the wheelie bin in front of Sebastians path was in no way deliberate, no it was more of a unfortunate coincidence.
 Sebastian’s only thought as he turned round was one of confusion. 
 Where the hell had that come from? 
The bin was half full and Sebastian embraced it like a long lost friend as he ran into it. The bin tilted onto its wheels. For a few seconds they sped on, in a reminiscent embrace, past number sixteen, before the precarious balance was lost and together Sebastian and wheelie bin hit the pavement. They went on that way, sliding, the noise deafening, until they came to a stop outside number seventeen, much to the surprise of Mrs. Chambers cat who had been sleeping at the edge of the drive. She sprang up, immediately doubled in size, before disappearing somewhere behind the house.  
 Other than Sebastian’s pride his damage was minimal. Mr. Garner was none the wiser as was Mrs. Chambers and the skateboard landed safely between Sebastian’s legs. 
 The young boy, Nicki, had run behind Sebastian leaving the others stood by the ramp falling about the place in fits of laughter. 
 “You okay mister?” he asked as he bent down to pick up his board. 
 Sebastian rose, put a hand on the boy’s shoulder and said, “I’m fine, thanks.” Toward the group by the ramp, he shouted, “don’t try that at home.” Their laughter rose in tempo. 
 He placed the wheelie bin back where it belonged and before leaving said, “good luck with your jumping Nicki. Whatever you do, don’t give up.” 
 “I won’t, thanks.”


Chapter eleven
The world needs a plaster. Late night conversation


After leaving the kids and Church Street behind, Sebastian turned left onto Canal Road to begin the final stretch to the Inn. The road fell rapidly here, dropping steeply toward the base of the plain. From his vantage point it appeared more of a ski run than a road and Sebastian wondered worriedly the effect the coming winter could have, they’d said it was going to be a cold one. He slowed his pace watching the landscape all the while. He could easily see the extremes of the landscape and the destructive effect of the ice age. To his right, further above him, Mowen Hill continued into a long curving ridge, which touched shoulders with the rolling hills of the peak district. On his left and slightly behind, not visible from this point, sat Mounden, his old home, on a great bowl of clay. Straight ahead, beyond the great expanse, the great flatness, of the plain, stood the welsh mountains. Often at this time of year, as the sun set beyond them, they would glow orange like great furnaces. 
 He had fond memories of climbing those mountains when he was younger. His greatest thrills were had on Tryfan. Here, it was reputed, was the training ground of many Himalayan adventurers who had first ‘cut their teeth’ before going on to fulfill their ambitions, or die trying.  
 Motionless for a moment, transfixed by the steady setting of the sun as it disappeared from view behind the distant range, more hazy than it had been, Sebastian made himself a promise to climb there again soon. He would watch the sun fall while standing atop Adam or Eve: twin pillars on the peak of Tryfan which stood firmly side by side like the two towers once had. In a world which continued to peel back its layers to reveal more of the ugliness of man, more of the hatred and less of the respect. Perhaps, if no one was around, he would strip and stand arms outstretched raised toward the sun proclaiming his frustrations, demanding an answer to the ultimate question. Or maybe he would, prior to the climb, load his backpack with some sweet drinks, plenty of chocolate and two or three joints -courtesy of Ed- and mush his brains around for a while before heading back down a few thousand feet to the real world. 
 Sadly, he would never get there. In the months to come he would, along with other questions, ask the ultimate one. He would also smoke a joint; in fact he would smoke a few. He would regret it later though. But climbing Tryfan would be the last thing on his mind.  
 Three minutes later he arrived at the Inn. He placed tingling fingers on the door handle and pushed. This door led directly to the bar as opposed to the lounge, which was accessed, from another door on the car park side of the building.
 The barroom and the lounge differed greatly. The lounge had comfy cushioned seats, space, subdued lighting, and carpet. Also, the lounge had highly polished dark wood tables with glass ashtrays placed centrally, and an average of five beer mats per table, which advertised the latest beverages. It had clean perfumed toilets, the gents and the ladies, and paintings and pictures displayed seemingly at random on the homely decorated walls, depicting visions of the surrounding area. Most of the paintings were by a local artist. They were all available to buy. Larry, the landlord, took ten percent of all transactions. It was easy money especially in the tourist season. 
 The bar, however, couldn’t have been more different. Where the lounge had had more facelifts than the face of human vanity should endure, the bar room in it’s two hundred years of trading had had three. All of these excluded the stone floor, which was still in its original state and standing up to the tests of time reasonably well. 
 Light was provided by three bulbs, minus lampshades, dangling from the flaking ceiling on cable, which bore more than a passing resemblance to rotting twine. Dirty brown, vinyl covered seats, which were fitted in the sixties, ran the length of the wall opposite the bar. They were battered and torn and suffering from years of abuse from weighty backsides. 
 The tables and chairs were recovered from the lounge when a younger more robust set was recruited during the room’s last makeover. Occasionally a patron would fold a beer mat and place it under the offending leg of a wobbly table, restoring some of the former glory and dignity in the same way that a walking stick did to a tired and worn set of limbs.
 Photographs on the walls were framed in groups, collections depicting the locals in various stages of celebration, some holding trophies, and most holding pints. 
 Ashtrays which once boldly advertised the vitality of Guinness had lost lustre and were now nothing more than rusted, pitted receptacles to ash and empty peanut packets. Sadly, they would have looked out of place anywhere else in the world but here. 
 The only toilet adjoining the bar was the ‘gents’. Often, toward the end of an evening, the smell of urine was so offensive to the nostrils it would even cause the most hardy of locals eyes to water and send them off in search of the sweeter smelling toilets beyond the lounge.
 In the corner, on a stonewall, was a dartboard. It was pinned there by a six-inch nail, which had bent before penetrating more than an inch. What was left of the cork did little to protect the dart points from denting the wall beyond. Larry had thought about replacing it with a new one. He had also thought about replacing the tables and chairs, the ashtrays and lampshades, but there was always something else.  
 However, the bar-room was full of an indescribable something which the lounge could never buy or have fitted. It wasn’t beer or spirits. It was an invisible substance, which trickled from the cracks in the walls, floor, and ceiling. It virtually spoon-fed the patrons, creating an addiction, which brought them back for more again and again, until the very last breath left their bodies. It came to them in their dreams demanding their presence, sometimes as much as four or five times a week.
 The topic of conversation at work was often formulated from scraps of overheard gossip, banter and a well or badly told joke. For many, in an uncertain world, it was a safe haven, a place to lay out your fears on the table right next to your pint. 
 Worries and concerns covering a grand range of topics: from issues in the home, the bedroom, the state of the building itself or maybe just problems with the lawn mower. These extended to topics on a much grander scale, dealing with the politics of war or the latest murder at home or abroad.    
 Within these walls some of the toughest decisions were made covering all aspects of life, including life itself. Some of the most complicated disputes were usually nullified by one word by the right person spoken at the right time.
 In here the Police were never welcome. Nor were they ever needed. This bar, with its ancient stonewalls, its flaking ceiling and grimy sweat stained floor, was the very hub of Mowen Hill. Not only on a social, but a business and political scale. 
 The heart of the hill beat here. When the Inn was closed, after last orders had been called or during the early mornings, it still beat, just a little slower. 
 Here was where the very salt of the earth was born, created by hard men’s fathers and continued, passing on, unseen by the naked eye as millions of D.N.A strands to their sons.
 At this point Sebastian understood this feeling purely at a sub-conscious level somewhere alongside his survival instinct. On his initial visit he had felt the power, like electricity, almost alive was the air that he had felt he needed to excuse himself each time he moved and bumped into it. It was for this reason Sebastian had fought with his flagging confidence and crossed that barrier to return again on a regular basis in an attempt to become a part. 
 Larry Sansbury was the current landlord. He had left his hometown of Liverpool almost a year ago after an amicable separation. He had come to the hill to start again, solo this time. His nickname and the one he’d brought with him, although no one knew the reason why, was ‘the lamb’, or ‘Larry the lamb’.  He was forty-eight, short and stocky, heavily built and came packaged with all the sharp wit typical of a true scouser. At times he still felt like an outsider on the hill, and realized that the Inn and its Patrons controlled the Bar, he just held the keys and put it to bed at night.  
 Sebastian pushed the door shut behind him and made his way toward the bar; nodding, smiling and making eye contact with any patrons whose attention he had inadvertently held for more than a few seconds. Like a blanket of fog on a calm sea at night, the cigarette smoke hung heavy in the air. Walking toward the bar Sebastian disturbed the murkiness; it twirled around his head creating tiny tornados.
 Larry was stood behind the bar polishing a pint glass with a beer stained cloth. A smoking cigarette lay in an ashtray atop the bar in front of him, the smoke contributing substantially to the fog. 
 “So here’s the man who would raise Cain.” 
 Sebastian hadn’t heard, “Hi Larry.”
 “Pint?” asked Larry.
 “Please.” Sebastian placed himself on a stool by the bar. “How’re things. You look busy from what I can see through his fog,” said Sebastian flapping his hands about. 
 Larry put the cigarette to his lips, sucked and said, “listen, if I banned smoking I would probably be hung drawn and quartered. I guess I could open a window in here.” He looked toward one, “I’m not sure I could get them open though.” He paused, took another suck and continued, “anyway, there is always the lounge. Mind you, it’s starting to get busy in there. More folk seem to be coming up off the plain.” With his fingers wrapped around the cigarette he pointed at Sebastian and frankly said, “you know, for the first time ever in this bar they have soap and real toilet paper in the gents, courtesy of me.”
 “Why?” As Sebastian asked the question he looked toward the toilets. Four men were in the corner sitting around a table playing dominoes. Two were indiscriminate from this distance; one other was bald and heavyset. The one who had just ‘knocked’, the one who had given him cause to cut off his question was the farmer Steve Gates.   
 Larry extinguished his cigarette, “You alright? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
 Sebastian, acutely aware of his pounding heart, swallowed and said, “Yeah… yes I’m fine.” He put a hand on the bar and saw it was shaking. “What were you saying Larry?”      
 “I was telling you I’ve put soap and paper in the ‘gents’ in case any new folk venture this way instead of the lounge.”
 “Oh, right,” Sebastian was doing his best to concentrate and failing.
 Larry placed a pint of beer in front of Sebastian and glanced up and down the bar before saying, “I nearly put a sign in there to explain to the locals what the items are so they don’t end up eating the soap and using the paper for roll-ups.” He laughed then sighed, “then I realised that they probably couldn’t read it anyway.”
 Sebastian took a large mouthful of the beer and swallowed. A young couple in the lounge had walked up to the bar and were patiently waiting for Larry’s attention. Sebastian saw them and nodded his head in their direction. 
 Larry turned, walked toward them and before smiling at the newcomers muttered, “well I thought it was funny.”     
 The pint slowly warmed in Sebastian’s hand. He looked at Larry smiling and laughing with the couple in the lounge. Behind him was certain conflict. Regardless he knew he had to make the first move, now, before it was too late. He stole a glance at the four men in the corner and noted that the farmer’s pint glass looked nearly empty. Larry, now back in this side of the bar, was serving two older men who had just walked in. Sebastian caught the eye of one and smiled doing his best not too look stupid by revealing to many teeth. He turned back toward the landlord and said, “Larry, when you’ve got a sec.”
 “You ready for another Sebastian?”
 “Yeah, please. Listen Larry, you know the bloke over there… the farmer…”
Larry, watching the man he was serving, shook his head sideways, an evident look of disbelief. The man, tall and thin, with a sharp nose and tiny eyes, looked Sebastian up and down, turned back to Larry and mirrored his disbelief. 
 Larry glanced at the four and said, “which one, Victor, Clive or Steve?” The fourth, Billy was a labourer.
 “Steve, do you know what he drinks?”
 The man with the sharp nose, paid, thanked Larry and joined some men by the dartboard. 
 Larry smiled, “funnily enough, that was one of the first things I learned when I took over this place. He drinks bitter, why?” 
 “Can you get me a pint for him? It might aid me in some repair work I have to do.”
 Larry had heard scraps of it, but didn’t want to say. He frowned, “Sebastian, I know we don’t know each other that well, but just be careful, yeah.” 
 Sebastian nodded. 
 Larry pulled a pint of bitter and passed it to Sebastian, “good luck mate, hopefully that will help.”  
 Larry watched Sebastian walk away. They wouldn’t start anything in here would they? He prayed to god they wouldn’t. 
 The walk from the bar to the table felt like a thousand years. During that time, if Sebastian had understood that he was literally walking into the lion’s den he would have probably downed both pints and ran from the pub never to be seen again.
 As he neared the table one of the men noticed him and looked up. His expression, a question mark. Two more of the men looked up at him. Not Steve Gates though. He was busy studying his dominos. He placed down a five/three block. This had the effect of putting the attention back to the table. The block also produced a smile from the man directly opposite Steve Gates, clearly his partner, and grumbles and shakes of heads from the other two.
 Sebastian edged closer. 
 “Excuse me… Mr. Gates… Steve.” His voice was shaky. He felt uncertain, unsure and unprepared.  
 One of the men, the bald one, looked up at him and smiled as Sebastian spilt some of the drink. The same man then placed down a double three. 
 “That’s more like it!” said his partner, an older man with long silver hair and a beard to match. Sebastian noticed how he twiddled the beard with his thumb and forefinger.  Steve Gates watched him a moment before looking up at Sebastian. 
 “What?” he asked.
 His eyes lingered first over Sebastian’s face before falling to the two pints. He returned his attention back to the table and said, “I did wonder when we might have a little chat?”
 Sebastian, throwing caution to the wind stammered, “look I’m terribly sorry for…” 
 His apology was cut short. Steve Gates placed both hands on the table and stood. He towered over Sebastian. And when he spoke his voice cracked like thunder, “where the hell do you get off driving like that round these country lanes?”
 Sebastian stepped backwards. Steve Gates voice was loud enough to get the attention of everyone in the bar. Larry looked up expecting the atmosphere to go nuclear at any time; even the smoke seemed to clear a little. The scene was like one from a spaghetti western, the only things missing were the guns, the hustlers and the horses in the car park. 
 Sebastian looked around him, a million faces looked back. This was going from bad to worse. He reprimanded himself for not thinking this through, then pondered his next move. His mouth was working before he could come up with a plan, “I thought I could buy you a drink as a way of apology for what happened the other morning.” 
 “Is that bloody best you can do. Listen, I’ve wrecked my cousin’s hedge, which is going to need some labouring to fix. You nearly destroyed my tractor and your car and heaven knows what you’d have done to that beautiful wife of yours. Pathetic!”
Sebastian had put the two glasses of beer down on an adjoining table for fear of spilling more. Steve Gates sat back down and picked up his glass. It was empty. In anger he slammed the glass on the table. The table shook. The player’s dominoes bounced and shifted. Most toppled, revealing themselves to the opposition.  
 “Bloody hell Steve!” his partner exclaimed as he hastily tried to hide his hand. 
 Sebastian rubbed his brow, and pulled at the jumper around his neck. The heat was killing him. “Look,” he said, “I just wanted to…”
 The balding man cut him short. “Why don’t you just fuck off back to the bar with your beer. Better still get the fuck out of this pub and don’t come back!”
“Vic this has nothing to do with you, be quiet!”
“For Gods sake man he spoilt the game, the dickhead.” 
Sebastian spoke up, “Look everyone, I’m sorry all right. Steve, take the pint. I just wanted to explain that was all.” And with that, and before anyone could say anything more to him, he picked up his own drink and shakily made his way back to the bar. 
 He desperately wanted to leave the pub without looking back, but knew that he would never be able to show his face in here again, not to mention how he would feel around the village.
 Larry walked back from the lounge side of the bar. He had retreated there when he saw the trouble brewing. “Well I must say that went exceptionally well. What the hell happened?” 
 “Oh don’t you start.” Sebastian sat on a stool. A man stood next to him moved further down the bar. 
 “I should bar you,” Larry said. 
 “Well let me have another before you chuck me out will you.”
 “Pint?”
 “Please. I’m sorry.”
 Larry pulled a pint and placed it in front of Sebastian. “It’s no problem, no harm done. Just drink it quick eh.”
 “Thanks for your support.” 
 “Sebastian have you tried that Pub in Bishops Gate, ‘The Pheasant’? You might like it.”
Sebastian took a sip of his beer and shook his head, “never heard of it.”
 “Well they serve a good pint in there. It’s got a good crowd. Sure they have the odd scrap, but generally it’s ok.” Seeing the reaction on Sebastian’s face caused him to laugh. For the first time in a while, Sebastian smiled. 
 It didn’t last long. Larry looked behind Sebastian. The laughter fell from his face. In a blink his expression was deadpan. A sense Sebastian didn’t understand warned him of the danger behind. He turned round. Steve Gates was walking toward him, empty glass in hand.
 Sebastian almost dropped the pint on the bar top and said, “Larry thanks. I’m off.”
 “Right you are sir,” said Larry without a trace of sarcasm. “Have a good evening, and a safe journey.”
 Sebastian turned and quick-stepped toward the door. Steve Gates shouted toward him as he did. “Hey wait up,” he said, “I’ll have a word if you’re not in a hurry.”
Sebastian turned and faced the Farmer.
 “That wasn’t the way to end this, come and have a seat with me and lets see if we can sort it out.” His voice was soft with a hard edge, which left Sebastian with no choice. He picked up his unfinished pint from the bar and followed the farmer to a quiet table. At the domino table, Steve Gates position had been replaced by the man Larry had served earlier: the man with the sharp nose. He nodded at Sebastian as he walked passed. Sebastian saw two men leave the bar. They waved at Larry. He waved back then caught Sebastian’s eye. Sebastian saw him nod. It was nod that said nothing and everything: I’m watching you; don’t cause a scene. You’ll be all right. I’m here if you need me. Sebastian nodded back, it was a nod that said: I want to go home.
 “Well,” Steve said, “if you want to explain then you best sit down here because I aren’t going to be cranking my neck more than I have to.” 
 Sebastian sat, took a large mouthful of beer, placed the glass back on the table then nervously proceeded to tell his piteous tale. In the beginning, the people in close proximity showed great attention but soon became bored after hearing that there wasn't going to be any great tragedy. Midway through, Steve placed a hand on his arm. 
 “Well that certainly explains a great deal. Another pint?” Steve had visibly relaxed and had shown genuine concern for the Cat, Sebastian and Jade.
 “Yes…please, thank you.”
A middle-aged man with a huge grey beard came and sat across from Steve. He tried to engage him in conversation. Steve put out a hand, “Rob, you can see I’m busy here. Speak to Vic he’ll sort out whatever it is. If not it can wait until morning.” The man grumbled something under his beard and slid across the seat before walking away. 
 “You’re a popular man.” 
 “It’s not that,” said Steve before walking to the bar.  
 “And so,” finished up Sebastian, “the vet fixed him up good and proper.” Sebastian was already into his third pint. They were going down well, almost too well. 
 “You’re right you know, that bloke is a good vet. I’ve had to call him out to one of my dogs earlier today.” Sebastian was able to pick out the sadness in his voice. 
 “Nothing serious I hope.” 
 “I wish to God it wasn’t, but I’m afraid it is.” Over another pint he went on to explain:  
 “I was up early, crack of dawn. Have to be, due to the cows. I was in the kitchen, just poured myself a glass of milk. I could hear one of my dogs barking and scratching by the backdoor. ‘Course I didn’t know which one it was at the time. Knew something was wrong straight away. It’s not like them, not like them at all. Anyway I opened up just as soon as I could and was nearly knocked over. It was Penny acting all excited like. I pushed her down, gave her a fuss but she wouldn’t let up. She was barking and jumping, and then suddenly she ran off toward the barn. She stopped halfway, and barked all the louder. I guess she was becoming impatient. I put my boots on and followed her just as quick as I could.” 
 Steve stopped speaking, looked at his pint, picked it up and took a long drink. He placed it back on the table and rubbed his eyes. For the first time Sebastian noticed how tired he seemed. The farmer took a deep breath, began to speak again, faltered and glanced about the room before looking back at Sebastian. He saw the tears in the farmer’s eyes and felt the alarm that he had felt with Harry. 
 “Know what, I’d have never have thought you could get so attached to an animal. I suppose you’d understand that though.
 Sebastian shrugged and said, “yeah, a little, I’m not sure it’s the same with cats.” 
 “I got to the barn and went in. I saw Jed straight away. He was just lying there. He wasn’t moving. At first I thought, stupid really, that he was still asleep. Guess that’s what I was hoping. But he’s always awake before me, just like Penney. Besides, the way she was barking and licking him and prodding him with her nose, no one could sleep through that. 
 I moved closer, the lights bad in there so I pinned the door open with a bucket. I wish I’d left that door closed.”  
 Sebastian could see Steve was finding this difficult and suggested they have another pint. Steve agreed. Sebastian came back with two pints and a shot of whiskey. He slid a pint and the shot across to Steve, who picked up the shot, said thanks, and downed it before carrying on. 
 “Jed was lying in his own blood; I could smell it. It was the smell from slaughterhouses. There were flies all over him. I swiped at them, missed, and hit Jed, the poor bastard. Penney went crazy. I thought she was going to take my arm off. I went to stroke him and saw a huge cut on his belly. It stretched from his forelegs to his back. I couldn’t believe it. Luckily it seemed as if it had started to erm… you know.”
 “Congeal?” 
 “Yeah congeal. Anyway, I could see he was still breathing, but I didn’t want to move him. I ran back indoors, found the number for the vets. He came out straight away.”  
 “How is he now?”
 “The vet phoned earlier, said it was fifty, fifty. Said he’d phone again in the morning. He’s good that vet coming out so early. I don’t know what I’d have done.”  
 “You want another beer?” Sebastian asked.
 “Yeah, what the hell,” said Steve. “I don’t suppose the cows will mind too much if I’m a bit hung over in the morning.”
 
 Larry looked up occasionally from the bar to watch the two men talking in the corner. An hour earlier, he’d have put money on all hell breaking loose. Now though, they looked like the best of friends. He couldn’t figure it out. Almost a year since he’d been here, yet he hardly knew the place.  He sighed and called last orders.
  At eleven fifteen, the pub was almost empty. There were, other than Sebastian and Steve, a few stragglers left. He lit another cigarette and turfed the stragglers out. Nobody complained that Steve Gates and Sebastian were left alone. He yawned then sipped at the coffee he’d made earlier.  
 Half an hour later after another cigarette he leaned on the bar and watched Sebastian and the farmer clumsily make their way to the door. They both looked up at him as they went, between them they couldn't hold a smile. He followed them to the door and bolted it behind.  
 They would suffer in the morning thought Larry as he turned off the lights and put the Inn to bed. 


Chapter twelve
Sebastian takes a heavenly trip


The following morning, Saturday, Sebastian awoke with an inconceivable hangover. He felt like he was free falling through space. Through unfocused eyes he watched, for an immeasurable time, the light-shade above him spin around the ceiling in its own orbit. He swallowed back a burp and silently cursed for consuming so many pints of beer the previous evening. The cold of the room caused goose bumps to appear on his naked flesh as he peeled back the warm quilt, being careful not to disturb Jade. 
 Shivering he climbed from the bed. Upright, he stole a moment to lean against the dressing table in order to ready himself for the next mission, whilst patiently waiting for the floor to get its act together and cease its impressive impersonation of a waterbed. When eventually it did, he slid his bare feet along the thick carpet, lifting not being an option, and headed for the window.    
 Thick dark curtains were all that stood before him and a sneak preview of the morning. However, he was disappointed to find that when he peeled them back a few inches there was actually not very much to see at all. Yet again a thick mist had settled around the garden, blocking out any features other than those less than four foot away. Fine particles of water danced lightly beyond the window, orchestrated by a slight but determined breeze that reminded him of the smoky barroom from the previous evening. The memory caused a wave of nausea, which flooded his stomach threatening to leave via the shortest route possible.
 He let go of the curtain. Darkness engulfed him. He turned, instinctively put a hand to his mouth, and sprinted for the bathroom. Athletics were never a strong point, especially the eighty-metre hurdle event on sports day, which was to be avoided at all costs. His dehydrated hung over body and tired legs were no match for the precariously placed boots. Undoubtedly he would have cursed for the second time that morning had he not knocked his head on the edge of the dresser on the way to the floor. Crying out, as much in astonishment as pain, he landed in a heap at the foot of the bed facing the ceiling. There, he watched as the light shade was thrown off its axis, to be replaced by a major solar system, complete with a black hole that he felt he was being sucked into, feet first.  
 Nevertheless, before it could, it abruptly turned into an intense sun, which sent sharp stabbing pains through his bloodshot eyes to accompany the dull ache inside his physically abused skull.  
 The combination of a deep thud, a howl, and a moaning, which bore more resemblance to the engaged tone on a phone, rather than the sound of a human in distress, shocked Jade into a confused state of wakefulness. Wondering what the noise was and finding her husband not at her side, she reached for and hit the light switch. This did nothing other than hurl her into a dazzling blinding brightness. She threw back the covers and flew out of the bed. With arms outstretched, she ran for the door. But just as her fingers were about to close on the knob, her left foot connected with Sebastian’s head. 
 The engaged tone was transformed to ‘out of order’ before the line went dead, which brought her to her knees by his side. 
 A full-moon face blocked the blazing sun out giving some relief.  
 “Hi,” it said, with more amusement than concern, “what’re you doing down here?”
 “Doing my best not to wake you. Some idiot left his boots lying around and I fell.”
 Jade feigned surprise, “who would do such a thing?”
 “Banged my head as well.”
 Jade’s silky long hair stroked his chest and tickled his shoulders as she leaned over to place moistened lips to his forehead. “Here?” she whispered.
 “No,” he groaned, “more to the right.” He tilted his head to the side. His cheek came to rest across her warm thighs. With eyes closed, he imagined the gates of heaven opening before him. For a short while he drifted there, before the gates. Saw mountains either side, and above shifting clouds. Watched the gates slowly part, to reveal their treasure, their secret. 
 Something was moving, deep inside: a boy. He had seen him before, but where? 
 The sensation of wet lips moving steadily across his forehead, finally coming to rest aside his temple, resurrected him with soft murmurs.   
 “Here?” Jade whispered in his ear.
 Dreamily Sebastian said, “what.”
 “Here,” Jade whispered again.
Sebastian smiled, more awake now, more aware, “you know what, I kind of ache everywhere.”
Jade lifted herself up and straddled him, “oh my poor man,” she whispered teasingly. “Here, let me see if I can take your mind off the pain.” She took off her tee shirt to reveal her naked body.  
 Sebastian felt the dizziness return as the blood left his head shooting southwards. God couldn’t have created anything more beautiful. 
 “Maybe make you feel a little better.” Jade placed a hand between her legs and reached for him. He was more than ready. Had been for an eternity. 
 This was a crucial point for Sebastian, the moment just before entry. Before they began to make love. He took a deep breath and with eyes closed tight, he thought of vanilla ice cream. It had to be vanilla. Vanilla reminded him of childhood innocence.  
 As Jade moved above then down on him the ice cream instantly warmed and melted around his navel. Gently she eased herself lower, her movements slow and steady. 
 Sebastian closed his eyes. As a blond haired, blue-eyed boy, he ran to the shops for more ice-cream: they were closed. Back on the bedroom floor, Jade held a breast to his mouth, which he gladly took, teasing the nipple with his tongue. 
 She moaned, he groaned and tried to block the sound, and the feeling, by thinking of fresh strawberries. However, the success was short lived as he remembered how he loved them with cream. Her moans went on. The sound was universal, vibrating in his ears. He couldn’t distinguish whether it was sound or feeling; the sound of the sea crashing on rocks, the wind against your face, licking salty lips. Whatever, it was beautiful. It was too much to endure. 
 Thankfully, she eased her breast away and replaced it with her open mouth, crushing his lips with hers, searching out his tongue. He responded and their tongues clashed and danced together in each other’s mouths. She even tasted of strawberries, their salvia mixed like the ingredients of a cocktail. She moved her hips quicker and quicker, grinding down, sliding up and twisting in a delicious way. Thoughts of ice cream, strawberries and all other luscious foodstuffs were washed away now, forgotten about. The boy had become a man.
 Their eyes were open, unblinking, locked to each other’s, reading the signs and emotions contained within. Whenever they made love, Sebastian treasured this moment the most. This moment when they were embraced, floating on a sea of electric energy. Every nerve in every part of his body, receptive to every part of hers, flesh waxing, one beat, one soul: a natural unity.
 And after they came together, a never ending moment, over in seconds, they simply smiled, kissed and lay in each other’s arms listening as the beating of their hearts slowed and went out of synch with each other’s once again.
 Later, once Jade had climbed off him, like an exquisite butterfly somehow crawling back to her chrysalis, and squeezed back into the bed to snuggle beneath the covers, Sebastian had showered. Then he had dressed in the spare room before venturing on to the kitchen in search of food, water and something for his gradually returning headache.
 He swallowed two high strength aspirin while looking down at the sleeping form of Harry. The cut on his side appeared worse than ever. The wound had bled in the night. Alarmed now, his head pulsing, Sebastian, without disturbing Harry knelt by him. The pulsing subsided, the wound wasn’t as bad as he had thought. The blood there was dry and crusty. The vet had once again saved the day, coming out and re-stitching him. 
 They had found him Friday morning, lying on the cold tiled floor. A small pool of thick blood lay by his side. A tiny sea, his fur a rough shoreline. Sebastian had phoned the vet immediately. Unbeknown to him, the call had been diverted to a mobile phone. Gary Franklin had answered straight away. Ten minutes later he was busy, with Harry on the kitchen table, probing and appraising his wound. Jade and Sebastian had watched, either side of him, too stunned to speak. 
 Jades face had morphed from fear to worry, then compassion to exasperation, as the vet, while he finished cleaning and re-stitching the wound, explained that it was clear from the snagging of the stitches with the consequential tearing of skin, that Harry must have gotten caught up on a low branch or maybe from going through a hedge. “You have a hedge at the top of the garden do you not?” he had said. 
 Sebastian had nodded once, feeling somewhat annoyed by the way in which the obviousness had been stated in such a demeaning manner. You know we have a hedge there, you can see it from the lane. 
 Jade had stepped away from the table and had walked toward the back door.
 “Couldn’t he of caught it in here somewhere?” Sebastian had stammered rather weakly, while looking all round. “There’s a sharp edge to that boiler.”
The Vet, smiling, had shook his head, “no Mr. Alton I don’t think so.” 
 “You did lock it didn’t you.” Jade stated. “I remember asking you to do it before I went to bed.” 
 “You did?” Before he could fumble with an apology, Jades right foot kicked the cat-flap. All eyes, even Harry’s, had watched it swing back and forth before coming to rest.
  The vet made little attempt to hide his smugness. Sebastian’s anger was fuelled further when he asked for a thirty-pound call out fee. Before Gary Franklin left, Sebastian had wanted blood.
 And now, to make it worse Sebastian realized that the vet must have been around at the farmer’s house before coming here, looking after Steve’s dog Jed, and would have had to have passed the house on the way back to the clinic. 
 He decided that what was done was well and truly done. There was no point on dwelling on it anymore. He gave Harry a final stroke; made a mental note to phone the farmer later, to see how his dog was and left the house.  


Chapter thirteen
Saturday at the store


Sebastian was the first to arrive at the store. After letting himself in and silencing the alarm, he headed for the dingy windowless staff room. He hung his jacket on a metal peg. His battered leather case, which contained little more than last years diary, several pens in various stages of use, a tired paperback that was too creased to read, and finally a chocolate bar whose sell by date was a happy memory, he placed below the table. He hadn’t opened the case for almost a year, hadn’t needed to. Yet the thought of leaving it behind was unthinkable. It would be like going to work without trousers. 
 Sebastian filled the kettle, turned it on, and went in search of the briefing board. On finding a blank sheet, he picked up a black marker-pen and considered what to write.
 To him, as was probably the case with the majority of retail managers up and down the High Street, this was possibly the most important part of the day, certainly one of them anyway. The morning briefing: the one time when you could spend ten minutes or so, talking to all your staff collectively about the day’s objectives, from both an individual and a team perspective. The ability to motivate a team of people to agree and commit to striving for specific goals, which were often stretching, was difficult but satisfying if successfully pulled off. 
 However, the real feeling of satisfaction came at the end of those days, when the lights were dimmed, the shutters down with doors locked, tills cashed up and the shelves restocked. This was when the real sense of accomplishment across all members of staff for knowing they had achieved what they set out to do, was as clear on their proud faces as polished glass. 
 Thoughtfully he tapped at the board with the marker. Smoky images of a dying dog, a smug vet, Harry bleeding, Jade kicking the cat flap and Jade straddled above him, reflected from the paper: a surreal movie on a mini projector screen.
 He jumped as the kettle clicked; shook his head to clear it and decided to have his morning coffee before composing the brief.          
 This morning his mind was on other things: Sex and dogs. He laughed at himself feeling sure that that would take some explaining if he were to mention it to anybody. 
 After a few sips of coffee, Sebastian quickly got going and soon had the sheet filled with various snippets of information: price changes, current promotions and the latest titles, and a reminder to mention the new promotion that was to be implemented on Wednesday evening, which would require commitment from most of his staff. He was sure he would get it. They knew they would get the time back and he didn’t ask them often.  The last bullet point was targets. Everything was about achieving those damn targets, having said that there was money to be made from beating them, so beat them he must. Feeling relatively pleased with himself he went back into the staff room and made himself another coffee. 
 Ed arrived sometime later after having let himself in with his set of keys. Sebastian could hear his footsteps echoing on the stair well. 
 He strolled into the staff-room, a huge smile on his face. “Hello boss, how you doing on this beautiful grey morning?”
 “Morning Ed, I would be fine if it wasn’t for a hangover and this lump on my head.”
 Ed tutted, “drinking on a school night, shocking. Is it bad?”
 “The lump or the hangover?” Sebastian replied nonchalantly.
 “Either.”
 “Independently, they’re fine. Together they’re a headache.”  
 Ed checked the kettle for water and asked, “how did you get it?”
 “Which?”
 Grabbing a mug from the stark cupboard above the sink Ed, slightly exasperated said, “this is going to be hard work today isn’t it.” 
 Sebastian nodded, “we have a lot to do.” 
 “I was meaning the lump. I assume the hangover was through drinking copious amounts of alcohol at that local you keep promising to take me to.” 
 “I will,” just not yet. Sebastian rubbed the back of his head where the lump was. “I fell in the bedroom, whacked it against the dresser.”
 Ed grinned, “You weren’t jumping from the wardrobe were you.”
 “Have you not got any work to do?” Sebastian replied. 
 The kettle boiled. Ed finished making his drink and said, “tell you what, I’ll go and put some nice tunes on. We can’t have another day with that disc from head-office.” 
 Ed disappeared downstairs. A few moments later the piano intro from  ‘Five For Fighting’s’ song ‘Superman’ eased its way serenely through the shops speaker system. Back home, most of Sebastian’s music collection was from Ed’s suggestions. He knew the lyrics well and sang along, ‘it’s not easy to be me.’ Damn right it isn’t he thought, looking at a set of figures from the fax machine, we need a bloody big day.  
 In Sebastian’s opinion, by two o’clock in the afternoon, you could tell if the store was likely to achieve its daily target. Today it looked like they would, halfway through the day and over halfway through the targets. Not bad, not bad at all.  
 Everyone was working hard. The team on the tills: Paula, Mark, and Samantha, were working well ensuring that the queues there were kept to a minimum. Their brief was simple: as soon as the customers got to the till they would receive a big smile and a sincere apology for having been kept waiting. This was important for two reasons: The first, the obvious one, common courtesy. The second was for the benefit of the other people waiting in the queues. These would hopefully take note of the apologies being made and maybe catch a glimpse of a warm smile. Then, hopefully, they would decide to remain patient a little longer, not wanting to miss out on their own piece of deference, so rare in this day and age.  
 Sebastian didn’t mind the reason so long as they stood happily and quietly. It only took one disgruntled customer to create a mutiny.  The last thing he wanted, people deciding that they couldn't wait any longer and purchasing elsewhere. On top of that, Sebastian knew that bad news travelled faster than a bullet. 
 The shelf fillers were also working hard, replenishing those books that were selling out and putting back the ones misplaced by frequently uncaring customers.  
 Ed was on the door. His job was to say, ‘farewell and thank you for shopping with us’. Companies script not always his.  Well that would be the customers perception of what he was doing. And although this was a necessity, he had another task that was equally important. Theft of books had become a massive problem. After all it was fairly easy. Just open your bag or rucksack, put it on the floor and, while pretending to read a book, place a few others in the bag. 
 The original way to overcome this, for bookshops and other stores with similar problems, was to put magnetic barcode strips in the goods at random. These would sound an alarm as the item was passed through the 'gates' installed at the doors. However, there was one major flaw, which a lot of the hardcore thieves had cottoned on to. If the bag or rucksack that you were using contained an inner lining of aluminum foil, this would deaden the signal allowing the book to be passed through the gate without activating the alarm. Great if you’re the thief, not so great if you’re the company, or the buying customer. The companies had to claw back the loss from somewhere.  
 For Sebastian, theft presented a huge worry. If the store’s losses were above one percent of his takings during a six-month period then he could face disciplinary action for a lack of management control. Cleary this was something Sebastian wished to avoid at all costs. So Ed’s primary role being toward the front of the store was to deter the thieves. 
 Here, Ed had the greatest view of the whole shop floor. From here he could look down the long aisles, the corridors of books, and observe. Whenever he saw somebody come in with a bag he would make a mental note, harder to do the busier it got. If the bag looked light then an alarm signal would go off in his head. 
 The easy ones to spot were the beginners, two rungs below amateurs. They would come in the store with no bags at all and attempt to leave with a full one from another store. If that happened then Ed would politely stop them. He would ask them if he could look in the bag, while attempting to block the exits with his huge frame. On the days when boredom threatened to root him, he would tell the thief he was conducting an interview. The thief would usually relax at this point, happy to oblige. Until the question: ‘so sir, could you tell me how you managed to enter the store without a bag, and are now leaving with one, which isn’t from our store.’ 
 Strictly speaking, both he and Sebastian were fully aware that the only way to catch a thief was to allow them to leave the premises, stop them once they were away from the store. Ed wasn’t a good runner. Once the stock was out the door, there was a high chance it wasn’t going to be seen again. So Ed would stop them when they had no more than one foot out the door and give the ‘thief’ the chance to pay. If not Ed would retrieve the books, while another member of staff informed the Police. 
 Occasionally he would notice an open bag on the floor along one of the aisles. When this happened he would vacate his spot, and wander toward it, leaning or kneeling for a closer inspection. If the bag was lined the person would be marked a thief. Then he would usually open up a conversation with a line such as: ‘where did you get your bag lined like that, it looks swanky’ or ‘I had a friend who lined his bag like that, he had to give it away. They wouldn’t let him take it into the prison with him.’ This usually upset the thieves and they would leave, sometimes quietly other times hurling abuse. 
 The other classic tell tale sign to spot a thief was this: thieves would usually go up and down the high street visiting stores, asking for carrier bags. They would give the cashiers all sorts of reasons for this, ‘my mum’s outside with a ripped bag from the supermarket, all the foods on the floor.’ or ‘I’ve just bought this stuff down the road but they wouldn’t give me a bag.’ In response to this, the staff at the till-points store were briefed to politely refuse. If asked why, they would explain, while giving a lovely smile, that shoplifters use them.  
 Sebastian walked across the floor toward Ed.
 “How’s it going?” Sebastian asked.
 “Yeah fine. I’m fairly sure no one has got past me so far. I did notice that the reference section was looking bare. Could you have a word with Paula just to check.” 
 Sebastian nodded, “will do. I need to make a phone call. Should only be a few minutes, when I’m done, I’ll take over so you can get your break.” 
 “Thanks.” As Sebastian turned toward the till’s Ed said, “do me a favour and put me five for fighting back on. Mark keeps changing the music to wind me up. I can’t take much more of this cheesy pan pipe pooh.” 
 “Scary thing is, I hadn’t even noticed.” 
 Ed looked shocked, “I’m disappointed in you boss.” 
 Upstairs in his office, Sebastian used directory enquires to look up Steve Gates number. He got it and dialed. He let it ring for a minute before replacing the handset. No answer. He thought for a moment before dialing his home. Jade answered almost immediately. The phone was in the kitchen, which was where she was right now, busy with cake design. 
 “Hello,” said Jade, her voice cheery, relaxed.  
 As soon as she spoke, thoughts drifted into Sebastian’s mind of the morning’s activity. The smell of her hair, the sweat on her brow and the warm dampness between her legs; he almost forgot why he was calling. “Hi Jade, I was just phoning to let you know that I may be late tonight. I’m going to pop round to Steve Gates farm up the road to see how his dog is.”
 “I’d almost forgot. I hope he’s ok. How’s your head?”
 Sebastian smiled, “better thanks, you made the world of difference. Although I think I may have done something to my back, don’t suppose you could help with that could you? 
 “I’ll see you later,” said Jade laughing, and put the phone down.


Chapter fourteen
Something strange at the farm


Steve Gates, the farmer, had just made himself a cup of tea and sat back down in the living room. He’d left the lights and the television off and for a moment sat alone in the darkening room with his similar thoughts. Earlier, just after he’d arrived back from a hard days work in the fields, the phone had rung. He had answered it immediately, dropping the bags he’d carried, not wanting to miss the call he had hoped it had been. Adam Blake and the other men had been away from the hill since Friday and with no explanation Steve was worried. Adam should have phoned by midnight Friday at the latest. What was going on? 
 The phone call had been from the vet, Gary Franklin. He was bringing some news. Jed, Steve’s dog, was bearing up; he was still at risk but had survived the night. Well that had been something to smile about at least. Afterward Steve tried Adam’s mobile. It was dead.  
 As he took a sip from his tea, the phone rang again. This time, it had to be them this time? 
 “Hello, Steve Gates speaking,” his voice failed to mask the eager expectation his breath gave away.
 “Hello, Mr. Gates. Did you run to answer the phone so quickly?”
 Steve recognised the voice immediately. A mixture of dread and fear replaced his anticipation. He hadn’t expected the call yet. Normally it was at least another day or two. 
 “Everything well?”
 “Yes everything is well, and you?”
 “Other than a small prickly thorn in my backside, everything is fine. Talking of small thorns how did your men do?”
 Steve thought about his answer for long moments before replying, “everything is as it should be.” His reply was curt, guarded.
 “Good. Glad to hear it.”
 Steve sighed relief and prayed he was right.  
 “Only I was concerned as I have been informed that Maria Audrey said that her husband never came home Saturday night and hasn’t been seen since. Now if you’re telling me that everything is as it should be, well I can relax again. I would hate for anything to have happened which wasn’t cleared. Once is bad enough Mr. Gates but for it to happen a second time, that would take some explaining. Well goodbye Mr Gates. Oh and don’t forget the next assembly will be on the 19th of January not the 7th. Of course, all vestibular are expected.” 
 Steve put the phone down and stared hard at the old black and white photograph of his father on the wall. Vestibular. Had he made his father proud? Looking into those cold dark eyes told him he had. He suddenly realised he knew nothing of his grandfather and nothing of his lineage. The thought took him back to his first assembly and he shuddered at the memory. Vestibular. He hated the word and was beginning to hate everything it stood for. How would life have been had he been just a simple hard working farmer? He knew that if it hadn’t have been him then it would have been somebody, and that somebody could have been somebody like Adam Blake. Not that it was possible. He wasn’t blood. At the very least, Steve knew he kept the balance on the hill, kept it sane. A light streaked across the wall and the photograph, briefly bringing his father back to life. He walked to the window and looked out. A car he recognised as his neighbours had pulled up in front of the house. Before he could check himself he wondered if it would be the woman or the man. He hoped the former; her rare beauty would be a welcome distraction to the worries of the moment. He checked himself. She was married, and though a foolish driver he did seem like a good man.


 Sebastian reflected on the day as he drove steadily toward the hill. The team had performed excellently. He only hoped that the store smashing its targets would go some way to address the strained relationship between him and his area manager.  
 Above him the sky was heavy and grey, like a great slab of stone threatening to collapse on him whenever it chose to. As he made the turn that led swiftly up toward Mowen hill he was greeted with a thick blanket of fog. 
 It startled him and abruptly sucked his thoughts away from the store and quick as lightning spat him out firmly in the present. If he had cared to have glanced up from the car park in Mounden city he would have seen that the hill had all but disappeared, but he had been to busy congratulating himself on the success of the day to have noticed. 
 He flicked on the cars headlights, eased his foot away from the accelerator, shifted to second and climbed the hill at a snail like pace. Beyond the glass, grey fog twirled. Occasionally a shape would briefly appear informing him either of his whereabouts or confirming he wasn’t where he thought he was. 
 Ten stretched minutes later he passed the turning to his home. He felt warmth in his chest on seeing the lights on: home sweet home.  He thought he caught a glimpse of a shadow moving behind the curtains, though it was probably his imagination, and almost decided to give up on the idea of going to the farm. He hesitated, and eased off the accelerator, which almost caused the car to stall. Before he could change the car to reverse his thoughts drifted back to the previous evening. The farmer had been distraught at the possible loss of his dog to some cruel fate. Not only that, but Sebastian felt as though he had made a good solid bond with one of the locals, and not only that but a neighbour as well. No, he had to go and check on the farmer and Jed’s situation. 
 By the time he arrived at the farm gate, any light the fog permitted had given up the fight for the day and allowed a cheerless dusk to take over. His car lights struggled with the thickening fog and he was just able to make out a sign as he swung his car round ‘Gates Farm, beware of the dogs.’ 
 He climbed out of the car, locked it and sighed, ‘might have to get rid of the ‘s’ by the looks of things.’ Sebastian walked up to the front door and knocked. He jerked his hand away and felt a dull ache in his knuckles. The door was thick hardwood. He’d been brought up in a world of prefabricated wood and U.P.V.C. 
 After what seemed like an hour but was more likely a minute there was no answer. Sebastian went to knock again but this time noticed a bell, figuring it safer, he pressed the button. No surprises this time. He could hear the pleasant melody for himself. It reminded him of the company jingles he was supposed to play in the store; didn’t seem to fit on a farm thought Sebastian, mind you it didn’t seem to fit back in the store either.   
 From beyond the door he could hear muted barking. Steve Gates opened it. Somewhere beyond him, the barking continued.
 “Quiet Penney,” Steve shouted into the hallway. The barking stopped and was followed by a slow whimper before silence. 
 “Hello Steve,” said Sebastian carefully, “I just wanted to come around and see how you and Jed were doing. Is everything alright with him?” 
 The farmer’s gaze fell to the floor. When he looked up again Sebastian felt he knew the answer. Steve’s eyes hung heavily. His broad shoulders sagged; it looked like the weight of the world was balanced there waiting to topple. 
 “Well,” Steve began, his voice hollow, “I suppose it could be worse. Look why don’t you come in for a stiff drink. I know I could handle one right about now?” 
 Sebastian nodded and followed Steve down the hallway shutting the heavy door behind him. The sound, a satisfying thud; a sound like that said safety. He wondered briefly if mum and dad had had a door like that when he was little. He doubted it. A door like that could change everything. “I bet no one could get through that door.”
  Without turning Steve replied, “why would they want to?”
 A fat black spider caught his attention as it crawled down the white uneven walls. Sebastian saw that the unevenness was due to plaster being placed directly onto the dry stonewall. He ran his fingers along it. It felt cold, almost wet to the touch, and Sebastian noted there was no radiator anywhere in the hallway. He shivered involuntarily. Not knowing if it was due to the cold or due to the spider, which was now making it’s way toward a threadbare rug with a faded pattern which was doing a poor job of hiding what appeared to be an original quarry tiled floor. That would cost a small fortune thought Sebastian as he looked around the rest of the hallway. It was wide and long, yet sparsely decorated: functional and practical.
 He followed Steve into the kitchen. It was like stepping back in time fifty years. For a second he caught a fleeting memory: running into the kitchen. The smell of baking, shoes slapping on the stone. Tugging on his Grandmothers apron. Her turning, smiling and passing down a piece of freshly baked bread heaped with butter and homemade jam. 
 The floor was similar to that in the hallway, quarry tiled with a large worn rug thrown over it. The walls were again uneven and painted white. In places it was creamier than others. A walk in pantry was situated in the far corner of the kitchen and appeared well stocked of tins and cans and even a few cartons of long life milk, which amused Sebastian. The hill wasn’t that far away from the shops. Besides what was a farmer doing stocking long life milk? 
 The central point of the kitchen was an Inglenook style fireplace with an oil fired Rayburn range which would also be used to heat the water. Sebastian remembered seeing one similar at his grandparent’s, but that was a long time ago. The units either side of this looked homemade and seemed to fit well on the walls. The ceiling comprised of dark oak beams. Pots and pans hung from the one closest to the units. 
 Steve pointed toward an oak table and asked Sebastian to take a seat. He could hear a dog whining, presumed it would be Penney and felt a tinge of guilt: Penney was probably locked away due to his presence. 
 An item placed centrally on the table grabbed his attention; it was surprising to say the least. It stood roughly twelve inches from top to bottom and had no describable shape. The middle was the widest, almost nine inches. The structure was made of wooden pegs, joined at right angles, which looked to be two to three inches in length and approximately quarter of an inch wide. Each peg seemed to be cut into its neighboring piece and this in turn held the structure together. The unit had no lid or top. It was hard to say if it ever had and many of the pegs appeared to be missing or broken. It was old, ugly and some how seemed menacing. Sebastian wondered what it could be used for. You couldn’t really carry anything in it. No it wasn’t a box. If anything it was more like a cage. Or lots of small cages joined together. The whole thing was incased in a glass. Sebastian, fascinated, found himself drawn to it. It was hypnotic. 
 His thoughts were cut off, Steve came and sat opposite him and placed a bottle of whiskey, two shot glasses and a jug of tap water on the table. Sebastian hated whiskey. The label said it was ‘Walkers’. This made absolutely no difference whatsoever to him, whiskey was whiskey. It made him gag and he felt the colour drain from his face at the prospect of putting a glass of that to his lips. 
 Steve poured more than a measure into each glass, “good health,” he said, lifting his glass and throwing back the contents. 
 Sebastian recalled an old coffee advert: a friend who has accepted coffee takes a sip and is so repulsed by the taste; she throws it into a flowerpot. He doubted he could get away with it here, so picked up the glass, opened wide, too wide, he was hoping it wouldn’t touch the edges, and swallowed. When he placed the glass back down the farmer was watching him with a look of bewilderment. “Would you rather have a can of beer?” he asked with a hint of amusement. 
 “Was it that obvious?” Sebastian replied, his voice rasping as though he had swallowed lava. He prayed the sensation would be short lived, “Yes a can would help.” 
 Steve walked over to the fridge and returned a moment later with a four pack of beer. He placed these down on the table, sighed then sat down. “Jed’s still with the vets. He’s breathing but still in a bad way. The vet says he doesn’t know which way it’s going to go.”
 “Did he give any indication, or clue as to what had happened to him?”
 “He thought it could have been glass.” 
 “Glass!” Sebastian was surprised. “Where would he get cut on glass? Unless he jumped through a window, is that possible?” 
 “Well, there’s an old green house, behind one of the sheds. I don’t use it, don’t have a need. My dad built it for my mum. I checked it and some of the glass panes have come out. I saw a few cracked one’s and one with a real jagged edge was sticking out the ground. So I guess it’s possible.”
 “Well at least he’s in good hands now.”  
 “As good as any. He sorted your cat out didn’t he?” 
 Sebastian reached for a can and opened it before speaking,   
 “Harry’s doing well, almost back to normal in fact.” Sebastian didn’t care to mention his mistake the previous evening.
 “So how are you and your wife settling in? You enjoying it on our hill?”  
 Sebastian nodded, “it’s perfect. The people, the views, the pace, yes it’s a fantastic place. It’s done Jade and me the world of good. Life in the city is so fast, so noisy. Up here you can breathe.” As he spoke he couldn’t help but smile, whenever he was asked to comment on where he lived he did the same.
 Steve ignored Sebastian’s change in expression and continued, “you know, a lot of folk up here never go down.” 
 “No?”
 “They get what they need locally. It’s a tight knit place. A lot of the elder ones are looked after by the younger ones. Mr. Gemmell, who lives along Church street, has lived in that cottage for ninety-four years and he hasn’t moved from it since the war. ”
 Sebastian noisily exhaled, “Guess it will take some time for Jade and me to be accepted.”
 “Perhaps.” Steve pushed his chair away from the table and stood. “I need another drink.”  
 While Steve refilled his glass Sebastian found himself staring back at the piece in the middle of the table. What was it? He was slightly annoyed when the farmer spoke again. So wrapped up in the blocks of wood he never noticed him sit down opposite him. If Steve had noticed he wasn’t saying anything. 
 “I hear your wife’s cake design is going well, she’s doing something for Mrs. Wilkes I believe.”  Steve had mixed his second whiskey with a little water and spoke between sips. Penney could still be heard behind a door somewhere beyond the hallway. “You don’t mind if I just go and let her out do you?” 
 “No,” said Sebastian, “please do.”
 Steve went through to the hallway, opened a door and moved out of the way as the retriever came through at warp speed heading straight for Sebastian. She placed her forepaws onto Sebastian’s thighs and nuzzled his hands desperate to be stroked and patted. 
 “She’s a beauty isn’t she,” said Sebastian with genuine affection. 
 “Yes she is, but I think she’ll be happier when or if Jed comes home.”
 Sebastian finished the can, “I’m sure he’ll be fine, if he’s half as energetic as this one.” He reached for another can, “You don’t mind do you?”
 “No go ahead,” said Steve reaching down to pat Penney. 
 “Isn’t there a Mrs. Gates?” Sebastian asked before taking a fresh can to his lips.
 “Dead and buried ten years ago,” Steve replied. 
Sebastian nearly choked on his beer, “I’m sorry. I seem to keep bringing up bad news.”
 “Don’t be sorry. You didn’t know and if you did you wouldn’t be sorry believe me.” Steve refilled his shot glass and took another mouth full. Sebastian followed his eyes as they looked toward the piece on the table. The beer was beginning to relax him now and he pushed himself further into the chair. “What is that?” he asked motioning with his can toward the item. The other hand he was desperately trying to keep from Penney’s chewing jaws. 
 For a moment Steve looked at the structure on the table, his face darkening. Sebastian watched him. Steve seemed to be lost, almost daydreaming. 
 “Steve?” 
 Steve looked from the structure toward Sebastian and said, “I forget it’s there sometimes. You’d think that would be impossible for something so big and ugly as that wouldn’t you?”
 Steve seemed genuinely disgusted by it. “Well…” Sebastian didn’t know what to say. It was big and ugly yet still menacingly fascinating. 
 “Don’t worry. I didn’t buy it. It was handed down to me by my father and to him by his and so on for well, a long time, hundreds of years. As far as I remember it has always sat there on this table, since way before I was born.” He sighed, took another drink and continued. “And now it’s mine to look after.” 
 “But what is it?” 
 Steve looked back toward the structure. Sebastian watched as he studied it as if looking for the answer there. When Steve spoke again Sebastian could hear the contempt in his voice. It was wrapped up well within the words but it was there.
 “It’s called a ‘Spillwork Rattle.’ As far as I know, it was placed in that glass case over two hundred years ago when it was clear they were becoming scarce. They used to say that witches used them for their demons. Not sure that that’s true, though it’s clear most common folk didn’t want them around.”
 “So there’s more of them,” said Sebastian, “I assumed it was something home made, you know by an ancient relative.” 
 Steve smile was out of politeness. He remembered his father being alive and himself having the same level of naivety and innocence as Sebastian demonstrated. If only he realised what he was looking at with his inquisitive eyes. He rubbed a hand through his hair. I should have lied he told himself. Or was there a chance that in time this young man sat in front of him could be recruited? He almost laughed out loud at his own stupidity and spoke again to cover it. “No Sebastian it’s not something homemade,” he paused and looked at the pegs toward the top, the newer ones twelve of which he had seen placed himself.  “Yes there’s more, twenty four more to be precise.” 
Sebastian finished his beer as Steve spoke and helped himself to another. He was fascinated. Steve still hadn’t told him what it was for; he was about to ask but was cut off by a loud banging on the door. 
 Steve looked at his watch and grumbling said, “I hope that’s who I think it is.” He pushed his chair back and stood, “Sorry you’ll have to excuse me for a moment.” Penney followed him into the hallway, barking and growling and wagging her tale. 
 “While you’re getting that, do you mind if I use the toilet?” Sebastian shouted above the noise.
 “Course not,” said Steve from the hallway, “just go down the hallway and…”, Steve’s voice was cut off by more pounding on the door, louder this time. 
 “What the hell,” he shouted. “Have they got no patience?”  
Steve opened the door as Sebastian made his way in the opposite direction toward the toilet. The beer and the whiskey were having a greater effect than he had at first thought. He put out his hand on the cold wall to balance himself. 
 Behind him, mingled in with the sound of men’s voices, he heard the door close as he opened and went through the one in front. The door was an old barn style with a latch. 
 He stepped forward. It was pitch black beyond the light of the hallway. He ran his hand along the wall feeling for a light switch. It was rougher than the hallway, felt like sandpaper. He took another more tentative step forward and cried out in shock as he tumbled down a small flight of stairs. Behind and above him, the door had swung itself closed leaving him in near total darkness. The cold floor was uneven and dusty. His initial thought was concrete. He rubbed at his knees where he had scraped them, his shoulder where he had knocked it. The room had a smell he couldn’t place, but knew he didn’t like. He attempted to stand and with nervous apprehension ran his hands lightly against the wall searching for a light switch. Where the hell was it? When he eventually found it he jerked backwards and banged his temple against something metal. He cried out again, this time more in frustration rather than pain and made for the door, making sure to watch his footing. As he neared the first step the door above opened. Steve Gates was stood there, “what the blazes are you doing down there?” he snapped. Three more faces appeared either side of him, all men. 
 Sebastian rubbed his head and feeling himself sober up said, “I thought you said the toilet was down the hallway.”
 “It is, and then up the stairs first on the left. Don’t you listen man?” 
 Sebastian took a look behind him to catch a glimpse of the room. Only dark shadows were visible beyond seven feet. It seemed to be a square room without any windows, just the door he had fallen through leading to it. The roof was heavily beamed and from these hung large metal hooks. He could make out six but beyond that it was to dark to see. 
 Steve could see the confusion on Sebastian’s face as he climbed the stairs and eased his way passed the other strangers who shifted out of his way along the narrow hallway. Sebastian noticed with some alarm that one, a big guy, had a nasty cut to his face and an arm in a sling.
 “It’s the old meat room,” said Steve. “It’s not used anymore. I keep thinking about cleaning it out and making it into a snooker room, but I don’t seem to find the time. Anyway look Sebastian I’m just going to be in the living room for a few minutes with these three gentlemen, just help yourself to a drink when you come down.”  
 Sebastian nodded. The way Steve had spoken reminded him of the way his father would speak to him as a boy whenever he had serious business to discuss with clients. They would shut themselves away for hours and he would listen at the door often growing bored within the first few minutes of conversation.
 He headed for the stairs and after nearing the top he heard one of the men call out, “mind your step. Don’t slip on the toilet seat.”
 “Very fucking funny,” he mumbled and shut the toilet door. 
 When he was finished he ventured back into the kitchen, sat at the table and glanced again at the Spillwork Rattle. ‘What are you?’ he wondered again. ‘Why would anyone go to the trouble of protecting something so ugly, so useless?’ Leaning closer to inspect it better, his face just inches from the glass vessel, he could see just how odd the pegs were. He rose and walked slowly around the kitchen table to study each of the four sides. On two adjoining sides the pegs were almost perfect, each one identical to the other in size and in finish. The other two sides were a stark contrast. The pegs had fractures in places, splinters popping out, and most were either speckled with black or badly charred. He quickly surmised the Rattle must have been placed in the vessel after it was damaged. Had it been recovered from a fire? He walked around again, slower this time. Some of the pegs appeared to have inscriptions or symbols on them. The lower down the pegs were, the more faint they were and harder to read. The pegs toward the top were more definite, newer. There was an inscription there, a series of letters and numbers. He made a mental note of them. 
 Sitting down again, he pulled the chair closer, his nose almost touching the glass, and looked toward the center of the structure. 
 Something!  
 Something there!
 He jumped back in his chair, almost toppling over. Toward the middle of the pegs he could see a face. It was small, but definitely a face, staring back at him. He stood, deciding to go, and walked quickly to the hallway. His curiosity got the better of him and he turned and sat back down opposite the pegs. He looked again at the place he had seen the face and saw only dark markings and shadows. He shivered, picked up and opened the last can, and realised he was no closer to understanding what it was. One thing was for certain though; he ran one of the biggest bookshops in the city, with a huge reference section, that, he decided, would be a good place to start. 
 Beyond the closed door and thick walls he could hear muffled voices. He was unable to hear what was being said but he could tell by the pitch and the tone that there seemed to be an argument going on. At one point he heard Penney barking but she was quickly silenced, he assumed by Steve. He took a long mouthful from the can. It was warm. The liquid stayed at the sides of his throat for too long. He put the can down and considered his options: sip the beer and wait for Steve to come out, or go into the living room, thank him for his hospitality and leave. 
 He took another sip from the can, wished he hadn’t, and looked at his watch. Nine thirty. He stood, walked out into the hallway, over to the living room door, knocked and waited. The muffled voices on the other side ceased their chatter. Then, “come in,” clearly Steve. 
 Sebastian opened the door, stepped through and took in the scene. 
Steve was sat in an old leather chair at the far end of the room. Penney lying at his feet, her eyes directed toward a short stocky man stood in the center of the room, who had stopped gesticulating as Sebastian walked in. The other two men, the one with an arm in a sling and an older man, similar age to Steve, were sat side by side on a sofa looking straight at Sebastian, their expressions impossible to read. 
 Sebastian looked toward Steve and hardly recognized him from the person he had been chatting to not twenty minutes ago. His huge hands, veins threatening to burst, squeezed the sides of the chair. His face a deep red, tilted forward on his thick neck. But it was his eyes that shocked Sebastian the most. Black as coal they were, but burning as embers. When he spoke, though quiet, it seemed to shift the air. Sebastian felt the vibration deep in his chest, felt his heart flutter. 
 “What do you want Sebastian?”
 It was as though the conversation in the kitchen had never happened. Sebastian was at a loss, “I didn’t mean, is everything okay?”
 The stocky man in the middle of the room whirled toward Sebastian, his face screwed up in anger, “just what the fuck has it got to do with you foreigner?”
Sebastian, knocked back by the verbal attack, stammered a reply in broken whispers. Steve stood then. He marched toward the stocky man and with one arm span him around to face him. His free hand was drawn into a fist attracting the attention of the men sat down. Penney was at the stocky man’s feet, growling, sharp fangs dripping saliva. 
 “Adam, how dare you raise your voice to a guest of mine!” 
 Adam faltered, “but he…”
 Everyone in the room saw the fist slowly rise. 
Adam turned toward Sebastian, swallowed and said, “sorry.” It came out like he had gulped sand. 
Steve looked down at Penney, “Quiet!” he roared. The dog whimpered before brushing passed Sebastian and leaving the room. Steve pointed toward his chair and said, “Adam sit down. I’ll be back in a minute, then we can sort out this bloody mess.”
 Adam did as he was told and sat down his eyes finding interest in the rug.
 “Sebastian,” Steve said his voice taking on a tone more familiar to Sebastian, “are you ready to go?”
Sebastian nodded.
 “Right, I’ll show you out.”
 Steve followed Sebastian as he walked down the hallway and out of the house. The fog had lifted. The air was crisp. Summer had reached its pinnacle and would soon come to an end. Steve pulled the door closed behind him and said, “listen, I’m sorry about that outburst in there.”
 “Forget it.” Sebastian said. He knew he sure as hell wanted to.
 “He shouldn’t have spoken to you like that. He’s a quick tempered fool at best.”
Sebastian just wanted to leave, get into bed and lie next to his wife. He’d let his dreams work it out. “As I said, forget it.”
They both turned as they heard raised voices and more barks beyond the door. 
 “I’d better go back in before Penney eats him. There is a card match down at the local on Thursday. We’re playing against a team from Bishops Gate. Why don’t you come down, way we’ve been playing we could do with all the support we can get.”
Sebastian shook his head, “somehow I’m not sure I’d be welcome.”
“Sebastian you’re my neighbour, you’ll be welcome.”
“Well we’ll see eh?”
Steve nodded. “I’ll leave it with you then.” He turned and shut the door behind him.
 From the other side of the door Sebastian could hear muffled voices. He looked around the yard before placing an ear against the door to listen. The voices were raised and he could hear clearly: 
 “Can’t believe you made me apologize.”
 “He’s my neighbour.” 
 “He’s a foreigner.”
 “Adam you need to change your ways. You’ve caused enough trouble as it is. It’s a changing world Adam. We must adapt to it.” 
 “No, others need to change to match our ways. You are the vestibular, you know this.” 
 It went quiet then. Sebastian moved away from the door and got in his car. He felt more secure there. Driving away, he failed to see the face from the window watching him.  


Chapter fifteen
Sophie visits.


 “Paula,” Ed shouted from across the shop floor. 
Paula was mid transaction on the main till and looked up quickly as she heard Ed call her name, “Yeah, just a minute.”
 “Just buzz the boss for me will you?” This time Ed spoke more discreetly, more quietly, his mouth over accentuating each word. 
 Paula nodded, instantly understanding, “Oh right, one sec.” She pressed a grubby button on the phone that would send a ringing tone through to the office upstairs, brushed back long red hair from her face and thanked the customer she had just served while giving him an award winning smile of sincerity. Sebastian ignore the first few rings, he was busy reading an e-mail from head office informing him of last minute changes to the new promotion. He’d already read it several times and each time he did thoughts of the visit to the farm crept in. “Hello Chinese chipy,” said in a voice supposed to imitate the type of person that would run a Chinese Take Away and sounding more like a Scotsman with a mouthful of helium.
 “Seb,” said Paula unaware she was mouthing the words in the same way Ed had, “Ed wants you. He’s at the front. Looks like he’s got himself a live one.”
 “Oh shit I’m on my way.” Sebastian took the stairs two at a time and was breathing heavily when he reached the rear door leading to the shop floor. He stopped before going out and stole a look at himself in the full-length mirror. A sign above the mirror boldly asked ‘Do you look the part?’ His reflection informed him he didn’t. How had Jade allowed him to leave the house this morning with that tie on: ‘Mickey Mouse doing somersaults.’ Jade had stayed in bed. He had no one to blame but himself. He quickly removed the tie and looped it above the sign. Finally he tucked his slightly sweat stained shirt further into his trousers and walked as casually as he could through the door and onto the shop floor. 
 It was coming up to lunchtime. The store was beginning to fill and Sebastian was acutely conscious of how few staff he appeared to have on the floor. If he couldn’t see them neither could the customers or… 
 Paula was at the till with Samantha but where were Mark and Paul? Sebastian spotted Ed near the doors. He nodded and followed his gaze down one of the aisles. ‘Typical’ he muttered as he made his way to the Crime section. 
 The display unit, which formed a part of the crime section, was five meters long and two meters high. As Sebastian approached the rear Ed walked toward the front. They arrived at each end, opposite each other at exactly the same time. Sebastian regarded Ed’s face with interest and followed his eye’s toward the floor in the center of the aisle where a figure crouched. 
 The first she knew of the danger she was in was a shift in the light. Through the corner of her eye she saw why. He was huge, almost as wide as the aisle, built like an American footballer. 
 She felt herself stiffen, told herself to stay calm, and placed a hand on the pram, reassurance and support. With the other, she gently eased the book back into its gap on the shelf and casually removed another, which she pretended to read the back of while assessing her situation. She was nineteen years old and smart, street smart, equipped with the kind of intelligence you needed to survive this hellhole of a city. Although getting herself pregnant wasn’t that smart. That was dumb. And not knowing the father took stupid off the radar. But she was smart. Smart enough to know that she was in deep shit here and smart enough to know that if she wasn’t careful she could lose her daughter Katie. They’d warned her so candidly before. 
 While keeping her head locked to the book she held, she weighed up her options. To her left at the furthest point of her vision was the big guy, the one she had smiled to as she walked into the store earlier. The one who had smiled back, more at her breasts than her face, Yeah in your dreams big boy. The guy on the right was older taller and slimmer with curly blond hair and a kinder gentle face. A quick glance in his direction told her he was a scared of the situation as she was. He was the weakness in their little army.
 She placed the book back into the slot on the rack, stood, put both hands on the pram and pushed towards him.
 Sebastian felt adrenalin surge, and tried to control himself from shaking. He reached out a hand and leaned against the display unit. Ed walked slowly behind the girl closing the gap.
 This is it thought Sebastian. Her eyes terrified him. His instinct told him to move or rearrange the books or do something other than stand in her way. He stayed put.  
 Although it was Ed’s role Sebastian was fully adverse with the proper procedure. He needed to move out of the way. He’d already spooked her. 
 Ed was shocked by his boss’s actions. What was going on? He shouldn’t be making it this obvious.  
 “Can I assist you to the till madam?”
Confused, Sophie reacted before being able to consider all possibilities and said, “No thank you I’m fine.”
 “Are you sure about that?” Sebastian stepped to her left as she pushed passed.
 “I said I’m fine.” She was polite but firm, her confidence maturing in his weakness. 
Ed marched toward Sebastian and hissed, “Seb, what are you playing at? You know the drill, let’s get her at the door.”  
 Whispering Sebastian said, “just bear with me for a moment.” Sebastian turned back toward the girl, placed a hand on the pram and said as confidently as he could, “we either do this the easy way or the hard way. Which way do you want it?” 
 “I’m confused, what do you mean?”
 “You walk out that door, my guess is that you’re in big trouble in little Mounden you understand me?”
 “Corny, but yeah.”
 “How many books have you got in the pram?”
 “I’m not to sure. I stopped counting after twenty.”
 “And I don’t suppose you’ve got the money to pay for them have you?”
 “What do you think, fuckwit!”
 “I think you should watch your tongue and follow me.” Sebastian turned to Ed and saw the pained expression on his face. “Come on Ed,” he said, “follow the fuckwit.”
Sebastian led the two of them off the shop floor and into the stock room. Speaking to the girl first he asked, “What’s your name?”
 “Sophie,” she replied without any hesitation, feeling there was no need now.
 “And your babies?”
 “Katie.”
 “How old is she?”
 “Nine months.”
 “This the first time you’ve been caught?”
 “No this will be my third.”
 “Pretty bloody crap at it then aren’t you,” Ed exclaimed from behind as he closed the door.
 “Piss off!” Sophie spat back at him. 
 Sebastian raised his arms to both of them, “calm down. Outbursts like that won’t solve anything.”
 “There isn’t anything to solve boss,” Ed challenged.
 Sebastian ignored him, “so what happens if we get you arrested this time. I mean how old are you twenty?”
 “Nineteen.”
 “You got a boyfriend.”
 “Yeah, with Katie wrapped around my neck, I don’t think so.”
 “She got a father.”
 Sophie shook her head.
 “So how much do you get for each book then?” said Ed.
 “I get a pound for each one I hand in.”    
 “Bloody hell,” Ed carried on, “I bet she earns more per hour than me. So how much of that feeds your baby and how much feeds your habit?” 
 “Ed will you just calm down for crying out loud.”
 “I don’t have a habit,” said Sophie and rolled up the sleeves of her jumper to strengthen her point. They were clear, but Sebastian noticed how thin they were.
 “As I was saying. What happens if you get arrested this time?” Sebastian asked.
 Sophie looked down at her baby, Katie, lying fast asleep in the pram, dummy in mouth, one tiny visible hand clutching at something fading away, possibly her mother’s future. “I suppose that this time I’m going down. That’s what they said last time anyway.” She gently rocked the pram as Katie shifted slightly in her sleep.
 “Well it serves you right you stupid bitch,” Ed snapped.
 “Ed that’s enough! If you can’t be quiet then go back on to the shop floor.”
 Ed knew when his boss was serious and decided he had pushed it enough. He looked at the floor in embarrassment at having been reprimanded in front of a thief.
 “So what happens to your baby?”
 ‘Like she’d fucking care,’ this time Ed kept his thoughts to himself.
 Sophie held Sebastian’s question with a blank expression. She blinked and they dropped toward her baby. She sniffed, wiped her nose with a sleeve and watched a lonely tear fall from her face and melt into the fabric on the pram. With resolve she said, “they’ll put her into care I should think.” 
 Ed found himself mentally congratulating the thief on playing his boss so well. No way would Sebastian be part of a mother and her baby being parted. He rubbed his hands through his hair, approached the pram and began to rummage through the sheets for the stolen books.
 “Don’t you dare touch my baby!” Sophie’s hand shot out at him like a loaded catapult. He snatched his hand away but thought better of saying anything.
 “Ed let Sophie get the books out,” said Sebastian. Then turning back to the girl, “If I think you’ve left any in there, then Ed gets them.” 
Sophie nodded, reached under her baby first and began to remove the books that had been carefully placed there.
 Sebastian paced around the room, all the while considering a solution, “All right here’s the deal.” Sebastian looked at Ed and smiled. 
Ed looked back expectantly. 
 “You tell us who you’re selling the books to and then you’re free to go.”
 “I’m free anyway. I haven’t left the store yet, remember.”
Ed leaned against the stockroom wall, and scratched at imaginary dirt under his fingernails. To himself he said, ‘she’s got a point there Seb. If you’d have let me.’
 “What’s to stop me from phoning the police anyway. I’ve all the evidence I need. I have a witness, you have a pram loaded with books that you have no intention or funds to pay for.” He stopped and looked at the baby, she was a real beauty, her eyes a brilliant blue. She woke, as if on cue, opened her mouth, giggled and waved her arms about. Sebastian smiled, swallowed and almost placed a hand into the pram. He checked himself and stood back quickly. “Do you really want to take the risk? First thing they’re going to do is look at your record.”
 Sophie continued to remove the books. Ed was shaking his head, staggered that you could get so many concealed in a pram.   
 “What are you suggesting?” Sophie asked.
 “I’m suggesting that you give me the name of the person that you sell my books to.”
 Sophie had no loyalty to the receiver. He was a stingy arrogant prick as far as she was concerned. “I don’t know his name. All I can tell you is that he runs one of the stalls on the market in the square.”
  “In that case,” said Sebastian, “you can show me.” 
Sophie looked at him in horror. “No fucking way man.”
 “From a distance. You can show me from a distance. He’ll never know.”
 “What will you do then?”
 “That’s my problem. You finished emptying the pram?” 
 Sophie nodded, and put the last book on the table. 
Sebastian looked at the mound there and asked, “do you normally do all the book stores?”
 “I did.”
 The three of them headed out of the stockroom and walked onto the shop floor. Paula looked up from the till. A customer followed her eyes.
 “Ed, look after things here for a few minutes. Do you want anything while I’m out?”
 “No,” Ed replied, “I’m on a diet remember. Boss, you sure you know what your doing?”
 “I’m just going to take a look for now. When I come back you can help me decide what were going to do. Then we need to start with this promotion, otherwise it’s going to be a late night.”
 Sebastian headed out of the store and followed Sophie toward the square.


Chapter sixteen
Jade feels butterflies


By the time Sebastian arrived back at the store the lunchtime rush was coming towards an end. Mark was alone at the till. With no one buying, he was busying himself changing one of the displays in readiness for the new promotion. Ed nodded to Sebastian as he walked towards the centre of the floor. He had a look about him that suggested he was chewing something unsavoury, possibly one of my body parts Sebastian thought. Clearly some repair work to do he supposed.
 “Paula out on lunch?” He asked.
 Ed struggled with a verbal reply and nodded again. Whatever he had in his mouth was taking some chewing. 
 “Has it been busy?”
 Ed slowly shook his head.
 Sebastian decided the only way he was going to get any information was to ask an open question. “How long has she got left?”
 Ed swallowed. Sebastian took a mental inventory. No he wasn’t missing anything. “About five minutes or so,” Ed murmured.
‘Progress!’ “Well as soon as she comes back will you get yourself something to eat? Make sure that Mark is covering the front and then come up to the office.”
 “Yes!” Ed snapped.
Sebastian was steadily losing his patience. Ed and he had been good friends for years. This often made it difficult whenever they disagreed on a work issue. He turned and walked away wondering if his plan of a quick resolve would work.
 The sound of the telephone ringing caused Jade to jump. It rang just as she was squirting the final bit of icing onto the cake. Instead of a speck a dollop came out of the tube and it dropped right in the middle of one of the many dark red marzipan roses. Bloody Sebastian she cursed.
 Picking up the phone with her free hand she immediately launched into a half-hearted reprimand. “You do pick your moments don’t you. You’ve made me destroy a rose now.”
 “I hope you can find it in your heart to accept my apology although I wouldn’t have thought it was gardening weather.” It had been drizzling all afternoon on the hill the temperature dropping accordingly. 
Jade was taken by surprise and also a little embarrassed. It wasn’t Seb. 
 “Oh, sorry,” she said sheepishly, “I thought it was my husband.”
 “Funnily enough it was your husband I wanted to speak to. It’s Steve Gates here, from the farm up the lane. I hope I didn’t cause you to do too much damage. I take it Sebastian is not around then.”
 “Oh, sorry no. He’s working late again, doing a promotion.” Although she was beginning to wonder, he did seem to be doing a lot of hours recently. “And no, no real damage, just a little splodge of icing on the cake that’s all.”
 “Now I understand. Would that be the cake you’re making for Mrs Wilkes. I’m sure she won’t mind, her eyesight is not that good.”
It never failed to amaze Jade just how much everyone up here seemed to know about your business. It was in complete contrast to the city where your neighbours were generally nothing more than complete strangers. Jade laughed before she realised that perhaps she shouldn’t have and said, “yes it’s the cake for Mrs Wilkes. You know her then?”
Now it was time for Steve to laugh. “Mrs Wilkes, of course. Back when her eyesight was good and I was just a lad she used to chase me up and down Mowen hill, trying to get back the apples I had stolen from her garden. She caught me once as well. But that was a long time ago. Nowadays she tends to bring me apples around every so often. I don’t think she knows what else to do with them.” 
 “Well I’m not sure I believe you about the apples.” 
 “It’s true. I still have the scars to prove it.” 
 “Perhaps I’ll ask her about it when I see her tomorrow.” Jade had told Mrs Wilkes the cake would be ready in the morning. Mrs Wilkes had told Jade she would have a nice pot of tea waiting and that Jade could try out some of her baking. She’d be making scones she’d said.  
 Jade was torn between a desire to continue the conversation and an anxiousness to carry on with the finishing touches. She really did need to finish the cake. “Would you like me to give Seb a message?”
 “Yes if you would. Could you let him know that Jed is home safe and well.”
 “Oh, that’s fantastic. Seb told me about what had happened. He’ll be delighted.”
 “Yes he told me your cat, Harry, is recovering well. I’m glad we’ve got a decent vet around these parts again.”
 “Well Harry is getting along well, in fact at the moment he’s on his hind legs up against the units wondering how he can get at this cake.”
 “In that case I’ll let you go, it was a pleasure talking to you Mrs. Alton.”
 “And you Mr. Gates.” She held the phone to her ear for a moment and listened to it click before putting it down. Leaning down she carefully picked up Harry, fed him a small piece of marzipan, and said, “he seems like a nice man. He seems like a really nice man. Never work though, he loves dogs, I love cats.” Now where did that come from she wondered.  
 Thirty minutes after Sebastian had arrived back at the store Ed entered the office and took a seat at the desk opposite him. Without speaking Sebastian placed a plain bag on the table containing eight giant cookies: four double milk chocolate and four white chocolate. He slowly pushed them along the tabletop in Ed’s direction, moved his hand away, and sat back in his chair.
 Ed looked into the bag and pulled out a white chocolate cookie. He took a bite, it was soft and chewy exactly the way he liked them.
 Trying to suppress a smile Sebastian reached for the bag and took out a double milk. For a moment the two of them sat there in silence. 
 Ed finished off his cookie then said, “Seb you’re a crafty bugger. You know I can’t resist cookies and I’m on a diet.” He reached in to the bag and pulled out a double milk. “Whilst I appreciate the token I’m still fed up with you. I mean why Seb, why did you let her go like that?”
Sebastian put the half eaten cookie on the table and brushed away the crumbs on the desk. He swallowed and said, “Ed the last thing I wanted to do was to annoy you, but I just saw it as a way of getting to the big fish. And you know what, I think it may just work.” What he had told Ed wasn’t entirely true. He did believe that this would be a way to catching the big fish, but his original intention had been to find a way of letting the girl go anyway. There was no way he would have let the child go into care. The mother, Sophie, had had one to many knock backs. She had potential and needed a break. He wasn’t ready to tell Ed yet but he had given her an application form. If he wasn’t going to give her a chance then he was sure no one else would. 
 The idea of getting to the big fish, the market trader, had actually come from Ed in one of his questions to the girl. He had instinctively asked: ‘how much do you get for each book?’ And now he desperately wanted to praise Ed for this, but knew if he did then Ed would quickly figure his original intention. 
 “Sophie showed me the man she’s been selling our books to. I’ve reported it to the police. Oh and I also bought a load of ours back from him just in case he gets wind of what we’re doing and tries to get rid. I asked him for a discount for buying in bulk, he told me to bugger off.”
Ed wasn’t finding any of this amusing, “what did the police say?”
“Well, they said that they would keep watch on his stall and arrest him when they see him take in a delivery from one of his shoplifters. He’s bound to have more than one, you should have seen the size of his stall.”
Sighing Ed said, “so he’s still free and so is the girl.”
 “Yes but like I said…”
 Ed swept up a hand and cut him off, “I hope you’re right Seb, I’d hate to think I’m catching the bad guys only for you to let them go. I take it you’ve barred the girl from coming back in.”
 Sebastian shifted in his chair, and loosened the tie, which he quickly realised wasn’t there. He pulled on the shirt instead. “Not exactly.”
Ed leaned forward in his chair, his huge forearms planting themselves on the desk, “Seb, do you remember the time we were coming back from that concert?”
 Sebastian nodded he remembered it well. The band had been amazing, the atmosphere electric. In the car on the way home the two of them had sang all their favourite songs until…
 “You stopped and picked up that hitch hiker. The one with the knife who made us hand over our wallets?”
Here we go thought Sebastian and nodded again.
 “I told to you not to stop. I told you he looked mad as hell. I mean do you remember his eyes. But you felt sorry for him. Seb, I love you like a brother but why don’t you ever listen. I know you’re the boss and a bloody good one at that, but why Seb?”
“I’ve given her a application form.” Sebastian blurted.
Ed stood and laughed, “yeah right, of course you did. Look I need to crack on there are a few bits I need to get ready before we begin to install the promotion.”
Before he closed the door Sebastian asked, “are you doing anything afterwards?”
“No, why?”
“Don’t suppose you fancy a session do you.”
“I reckon you’re due for one. It has been a while. I’ll pop home when we’re closed and get something sorted, make sure you save the rest of those cookies, we’ll need them.” 
Sebastian folded the cookie bag and tucked them in the desk draw. He wished he could tuck his escalating guilt in there too.


Chapter seventeen
Later that evening,
monster’s in the woods.


 While Ed and Sebastian neared the end of the stores promotion install and Jade sat down in her lounge with Harry purring happily on her lap, Nick Williamson carefully placed his skateboard against his mountain bike in his fathers garage. He pulled the door closed, and walked through the back door into the kitchen where his mother asked if he was okay. He nodded absentmindedly, took the dog lead from a hook on the door and called for Calm. 
 A second later, a brown and white, two year old mongrel appeared at the door. She ran toward him, skidded to a stop and urgently wagged her tail, where it knocked against his legs, causing the chain there to rattle.  
 Nick ruffled her thick coat, his face tucked into her neck, “who’s a good girl.” Then he gently placed the lead around her neck before saying goodbye to his mother.
 Jean Williamson turned away from the steadily decreasing pile of dishes and said, “don’t be too long Nicki. It’s half past seven now. Keep her on the lead won’t you.”
 “Yes mum,” Nick replied as he finished off tightening the lead, “I’m just going to walk along the track to the wood and then come back again. I won’t be long.”
 He left the house and walked along Church Street lost in thought, unaware that his swift pace was being set by the eagerness of Calm. 
 Today had been a great day. At school his teacher had congratulated him in front of the whole class on the quality of his work. She’d said it was a huge improvement. Afterwards, and this was a complete surprise, she had gone to the trouble of phoning Nick’s father who, in turn, had spoken about Nick’s achievements in front of the family over the dinner table. Then his father had stood and performed a little jig around the kitchen table, ‘a dance of celebration,’ he’d said. 
 Nick’s mother, Jean, had said, “Anthony, I don’t know who you’re embarrassing more! What’s the matter with you?”
 As if it couldn’t get any better, later, after tea, Nick had perfectly jumped the ramp in front of his friends. He could still feel it now, that feeling in your belly. He hoped that when he was old like his dad, he could press the button on that memory and the feeling would come flooding back. 
 Afterwards, before they all went their separate ways, the gang spoke about building a bigger ramp. For the first time ever, they asked Nick for his opinion. He stuttered and stammered, but they persisted, they wanted to know. A deep breath and with squinted eyes, he had slowly told them that the wood for the ramp needed to be thicker otherwise it was going to bow too much in the middle. Instantly everyone agreed. He was elated. A boy, much older than he, was charged with the job of finding such a piece of wood. 
 Nick Williamson reached the junction where Church St met Canal Rd. He looked both ways, this road was generally busier, and crossed it where the farm track that led into the woods began. 
 The earlier downpour had left the rutted track muddy, which made it difficult for Nick to keep up with Calm. Where Nick had to skip and jump from one side of the track to the other unwilling to dirty his trainers, it would mean an extra job before bed which could take some explaining, Calm just went straight ahead oblivious to the mud, coating and soaking her fur. Left and right of the track large green pasture fields naturally followed the slope of the land. 
 Up ahead Nick could see Truss wood. The track headed straight for, and through, its shadowed heart. Like the fields, the wood followed the contours of Mowen Hill from the flat plain at the bottom to almost reach the granite outcrops at the top. It was an ancient place. Other than the farmer’s track and the few paths that worked their way up and down, it remained virtually untouched. 
 As he walked he stole a glance toward the setting sun where it hung far in the distance just above the Welsh hills. Below, shadows crawled along the plain like giant leeches. They sucked on the bright colours of the day leaving behind mucky browns and greens in their wake. 
 By the time Nick and Calm arrived at the edge of the wood the shadows had almost reached the base of the hill. Nick stood in the centre of the track wondering at how after a few yards it disappeared, to be absorbed by the denseness. Through the breaks in the trees he was able to make out house lights sparkling. As the trees swayed, the lights blinked and danced about like fireflies giving the dark wood a new lease of life. They looked so close, but Nick knew just how far away they were. He smiled, happily. His grand ma, Mrs. Wilkes lived in one of those houses. She had been around earlier and had brought lovely fresh homemade scones along with a promise to Susie, his elder sister, that this years birthday cake was going to be extra special. She wouldn’t say any more than that and Susie could hardly wait. It was only two more days until her birthday.
 Calm pulled at the lead eager to explore the wood, but Nick knew better, and pulled back. 
 “Calm we aren’t going in there tonight. It’ll be dark soon.” He shivered as he spoke and wrapped the lead around his hand twice. “It’s already dark in there. It’s always dark in there.” 
As if understanding, Calm moved closer to him. There was no way Nick was going to go in the woods after dark. He had done it once before with his friends and once was enough. 
 It was a late summer evening two years ago, not unlike the one Nick currently found himself below. Five of them had gone into the woods to fool around, to explore and leave their mark. After climbing trees and scratching initials into bark with blunt penknives, they had decided to play a game. The five of them were to stand in a circle, facing outwards. At the count of three each of them was to run as fast as they could in the direction they were facing for a full minute. 
 Nick, being smart, immediately saw the error in this. What happened when you had run the minute? He had looked to his sister for support but she was looking away. He had whispered her name, but she hadn’t heard, or hadn’t wanted to. Rather than question he had stayed quiet. His uneasiness abandoned by a need to impress.  
 Being the youngest in the gang did that to you. You went along. You never questioned, not matter how silly. It was a privilege to be a member and that’s what mattered. 
 Nick was one of two to be facing downhill. 
 At the count of three he ran as fast as he could, through bracken, overgrown shrubs, thick weeds and around trees big and small. He stopped when he reached sixty. He span around and around until he was dizzy, quickly realising he was helplessly lost. 
 He shouted for his friends, for his sister, but no reply came. The wood closed in around him wrapping him in a palpable darkness. The flickering of lights: the monsters eyes blinking, watching his every move. The warm breeze through the trees: the monsters breath. The rustle of leaves, the flexing of the trees, and the quick snap of a twig under his foot: the monsters getting closer, reaching out for him, threatening to tear him apart. He screamed until his throat hurt and when no help came he knew he had to get himself out. 
 It took him ten minutes of wandering around trying unsuccessfully to find a path to realise that all he needed to do was to climb back up the slope where at some point he would reach the track. It worked and fifteen minutes later he was back on the farmer’s track where, to his surprise, his sister waited alone. She was leaning against an old tree; her arms crossed her head hanging low. He’d never been so happy.
 On the way home she told him sadly that it had been a cruel joke. Nick had been the only one to run. It was all planned. She was very sorry and would never let anything like that ever happen again she said. 
 Now it was all but forgotten. Or it would be if it wasn’t for the sleepwalking. Since that day Nick had begun to sleepwalk. It was funny at first but now it was becoming a problem. His parents were considering what the doctors could do to help. Nick didn’t want their help, he was nervous, and so he did everything he could to hide his sleepwalking. His most successful ploy was to block his bedroom door closed. This worked for a time until one morning, after three miserable weeks, he woke with a stabbing pain in his toes. On closer inspection he saw that two of them were all bloody, the door was ajar. His sleepwalking self had found a way to get out. Now, every night, he wore his trainers in bed. Just in case.  
 Below, far away on the plain, the giant leeches inched ever closer and closer. Three quarters of the sun had gone and the sky was an explosion of colour: orange, yellows, reds and blues all bleeding into one another creating an impressionist’s dream. Behind him, further up the hillside, the sky was in complete contrast, the darkest of blues and greys where patches of clouds had formed.  Nick now had a choice to make: either to take the path up the hill or the one down. Both eventually wound their way back to the road through the field and both would result in a climb at some point either the beginning or the end.
 “Come on Calm, we’d better hurry.”  Nick chose to walk down the field with the wood on his right. As he did he watched various flocks of birds come to the wood to roost. Above the plain he saw a lone hawk hovering and marvelled at its ability to stay still for so long, before finding its prey and falling to the floor like a lead weight. 
 A few minutes later he reached a stile by the roadside. He lifted Calm, carried him over the stile and walked up the steep bank passed the ‘Plain View’ wondering if his father would be in there now. 
 Before he turned right into Church Street he had an odd sensation. It began with flutters in his belly. He felt as though he could see, hear and smell everything: Calm’s steady panting, the smell of her damp coat and the tiny crusts of dirt where it had dried on her feet. 
Someone, something was watching him. 
For a moment he dared not move. 
His imagination exploded. 
Monsters were everywhere, hiding in the fields, behind cracks in the curtains, beyond garden walls. They had come from the wood and they had followed him home. His breath quickened, but he felt as though the air was leaking from him.
He twisted his neck behind him. Further down the road, parked on his side was a large silver car. It hadn’t been there a moment ago. He pushed his rimmed glasses up his tiny nose and waited. And waited. It was just a shiny silver car he reasoned, nothing more, nothing less. Just a flipping car. Then why was it scaring the hell out of him, and making him feel like he needed the bathroom? 
 Calm barked and pulled on her lead, breaking the spell. 
Together they ran home. He unlatched the front gate and closed it behind Calm, enjoying the sense of security.
 He never saw the car as it drove slowly passed.


Chapter eighteen
Dictionaries, joints, cookies and coffee.


With the background music turned off and the staff long gone, the bookstore was almost empty, almost silent. With the exception of the windows and the reference section, the store sat in darkness. With the store being a T shape and the reference section being in the top left hand corner, Ed and Sebastian were concealed from view. At this time of night the spotlights in the window had become an inconspicuous barrier to anyone caring to glance into the store as they passed by. 
 It was now nine in the evening. The in-store promotion had taken longer than anticipated. Sebastian sat on a faux leather chair by the side of a low and light oak veneer table. In one hand he held a dried cookie. In the other hand a cup of lukewarm coffee. As he watched ,mesmerised by Ed’s fingers, each as thick as a baby’s wrist yet rolling their second joint so deftly, he took unconscious sips from one hand and unconscious bites from the other. He giggled with nervous excitement as his brain struggled to deal with a concoction of caffeine, sugars, cannabis and guilt. 
 Halting his progress on the joint Ed glanced over to Sebastian and quietly asked, “so are the both of you alright?” 
 Earlier Sebastian had phoned Jade to say he would be at the store longer than expected. His intoxicated condition had initially prevented him from noticing her tone shift from concern to anger. Instead he was relieved when Jade had told him she would be in bed by the time he came home and that he wasn’t to wake her. She would never forgive him for smoking cannabis. 
Her argument: ‘you’re no better than my father. 
His: ‘it’s once in a blue moon. It helps me to relax. It’s no worse than smoking’. 
Hers: ‘you’re no better than my father. 
His: 
There would be no more his. The door would slam shut on the argument, quite possibly on his life. And so he had unwittingly replied that when he came home he would be as quiet as the mouse that had been inside Harry. Her response, the quick metallic click through the earpiece as the phone was slammed down. Realising the error of his ways Sebastian had tried to phone her back. Jade didn’t pick up.  
 Waiting for the reply, which never came, Ed finished rolling the joint. He lit it and drew a lung-full of intoxicating smoke before handing it to Sebastian. Afterwards he took a sip from his cooling coffee, carelessly spilling a drop on his tie. Before commenting on his misfortune he became engrossed in the chocolate coloured liquid where it soaked into the material. Gently and sadly, he said, “now it’s going to look as bad as one of yours.” 
Sebastian thought he looked like he could cry. His laughter caused smoke to billow from his mouth like a chimney fire. The effect caused his head to appear to Ed as a dark grey balloon. His laughter quickly turned to a bout of coughing, causing the cloud to dissipate. Eyes watering, he blindly passed the joint back to Ed who placed it in the ashtray.
 “Are you going to be alright? Ed asked. Each word was spoken slowly, deliberately, the effects of the cannabis steadily having an effect. 
 Sebastian was shaking on the chair threatening to fall at any moment. In-between coughs and giggles he tried to reply in as deliberate a way as Ed had. “Of course I am,” he said, “I’m having the time of my life.”
 Ed picked up the joint and continued to smoke while he waited for Sebastian’s laughter to subside. Eventually he spoke again, “I meant, how are things with the two of you?” 
 Sebastian looked at Ed for a long time before replying, during which, he considered the conversation with his wife. “Fine” he sharply replied though his face gave it all away. He hadn’t convinced Ed, he knew. He tried again, “things are fine Ed. Are we going to share another joint before we head home?”
 “I think we’ve had enough for the moment Seb.” Ed had been concerned as to the welfare of Sebastian for sometime. Whenever he spoke of Jade in the past it was always with love, affection and a certain tenderness. Recently though, it seemed tainted somehow, with bitterness and resentment. 
 Stubbing out the remainder of the joint in the ashtray Ed attempted a less direct approach, “so how are you enjoying life on the hill Seb.”
Sebastian took a mouthful of his coffee, a bite from the cookie, then picked at and flicked away imaginary crumbs from the arm of the chair. As his bloodstream diluted the cannabis and so the effects wore, he understood fully what had happened on the phone. Ed’s questions were unwanted distractions. “It’s good, it’s quiet. It’s the life we wanted.” His words were becoming a set piece, a standard reply. He wondered if, now that he had the life he wanted, it was really the life he wanted now. 
 “So it’s everything the two of you dreamed of?”
 “Yeah. Well everything other than the obvious.” Sebastian threw the remainder of the cookie onto the table and snapped. “Ed this is turning into a bloody interview!”
Ed wasn’t ready to give up just yet, “I’m worried about you Seb. These last few weeks you’ve seemed distant. Some of the calls you’ve made recently have been odd. Have you two fallen out again?” 
Sebastian knew that Ed was referring to the incident with the thief earlier in the day and had wondered when it would come up again. Worse, Ed still thought the application form was a joke. Well that hurdle could wait for another day. 
 “Fallen out again?”
 Ed, becoming uneasy, persisted, “about the baby, or lack of baby.”
 “Oh that. It just gets me down. Sometimes, when I come home from work, I stand outside our home, just off the driveway. You can see into the house from there. I look through the window at Jade walking from room to room rocking a baby, our baby. I imagine him or her growing up.” He laughed, “me the proud father. It’s worse when I dream about it. From what I can remember of them, he’s always a little boy with blond curly hair, with blue eyes… and strong. I guess it’s how I imagined myself in my fathers eyes, when I was a small child.” 
 Sebastian recalled the most recent dream. It was more a nightmare. “I’ve being dreaming recently that he really needs help, needs saving and I can’t help him. It always seems so real. Then I wake in the morning and he’s not there. He doesn’t exist. It’s like every morning I go through this routine which is all totally false. And Jade, she doesn’t seem to care.”
 “Care that she can’t have a child or care that it’s still hurting you.”
 “Truth is Ed, she doesn’t know it still hurts me or bothers me.”
 “I take it you don’t talk about it anymore?”
 “No, not since we had the cat. Since little Harry came along; the substitute son, she never talks about it… and I just can’t broach the subject. It’s not just that though. Recently I’ve felt as though the things she loved about me when we were younger bother her now.” He rubbed his cheek. “She hit me the other day you know.”
 Ed looked at the mark on Sebastian’s face, “No shit. I did wonder how you got that.”
 Sebastian sucked in conditioned air. 
 Delicately Ed asked, “when did you lose your father Seb?”
 Sebastian seemed not to notice Ed’s question and continued talking. “Thing is I guess I deserved it. But it shocked me; I never met her father but I swear she pulled off an excellent impression. I didn’t think she had it in her.” Sebastian stopped for a second and ran a hand through his hair. “I’d do anything to have a child Ed I really would. Before we moved I spoke to Jade about adopting. She wouldn’t consider it.”
 Ed relaxed, he’d realised the second he’d asked the question about Sebastian’s father it was wrong, misplaced. He was relieved Sebastian hadn’t heard. “So what are you going to do?”
 “Do! I’m not going to do anything Ed. I love her. I want to spend the rest of my life with her. Maybe one day these maternal feelings will subside. I guess that’s what I have to hope for.” 
 It was the end of the interview. 
 Sebastian stood, stretched, and walked over to the many books on the Reference section. He ran an index finger over the shelves, checking for dirt, an inbuilt observance. His finger came to a stop by the dictionaries. Whatever dust lay along the grooves of his fingerprints, forgotten. “Spill Work Rattle,” he whispered.
 Ed hadn’t heard. He was sat hunched over the coffee table skillfully rolling another joint. 
 From the shelf Sebastian removed the largest, thickest dictionary he could find. He walked back to Ed and placed it on the coffee table. Air shifted under its weight, causing a cloud of ash from the ashtray to dance along the table like fine volcanic dust where it came to rest at Ed’s fingertips. 
 Ed left his powder-coated fingers working on their own, tilted his neck and grinning said, “I haven’t done that since I was a kid, in the library at school.”
 “I don’t follow you.”
 Ed pointed to the dictionary and said, “looking up rude words.”
Sebastian smiled, shook his head and said, “I visited our neighbour, a farmer called Steve Gates, after work on Saturday night. In his kitchen on the table he had this odd looking wooden structure made out of pegs and encased in glass. Anyway I asked him what it was and he told me that it was handed down to him by his father and that it’s being in the family for hundreds of years.”
 Ed lit the joint, deeply inhaled the bittersweet smoke, removed it from his lips, and slowly said, “fascinating.”
 “It gets better,” said Sebastian excitedly. “He also said they were incredibly rare, that there are only twenty odd left, including his…”
 “Hardly surprising Seb if they are as ugly as you’re suggesting.”
Sebastian ignored the sarcastic remark and continued, “and that a few hundred years ago the people who held these things were hunted down like witches to be burnt at the stake.” Sebastian stopped speaking and began to flick through the dictionary. Clearly that wasn’t what Steve had said but Sebastian had felt it necessary to spice the story up. He had almost lost his audience. 
 “Is there anymore, did he tell you what it was for?” 
 “No, he didn’t. Thing was, down two sides the pegs were badly charred.”
 “So you think that maybe the one you’ve seen was pulled from a fire?”
Sebastian nodded. “No maybe about it Ed.” 
 “Wow.”
 “There was something else.”
 “Something else?”
 “The pegs, well, most of the pegs had inscriptions on them. The lower ones were really faint, impossible to read. Some had symbols I didn’t understand. At the top was one I could read, the pegs there looked newer than the ones lower down.” 
 “What did it say?”
 “Didn’t make much sense. It was SAM02200314TBG.” 
 “Sounds like a serial number,” said Ed. 
 “Or maybe a name and a date.” 
 “A name and a date?”
 “Well the first part: Sam, 14th February 2003.” 
 “What about the last part?”
 “TBG.”
 “Yeah.” 
 “Haven’t a clue.” 
 Ed groaned. 
Sebastian stopped flicking the pages when he reached the word ‘Spill.’ He ran his finger down the paper.
 “Did your neighbour tell you what it was called?”
 “A Spill work rattle.”
 “A spill work rattle? What the hells that?” 
 “That is what the dictionary is for.”
 For the next hour the two searched in vain for any descriptions they could find. They used all the dictionaries available along with a huge thesaurus. Failing to find any reference to the term, they agreed to try the Internet and had to use one of the main till points in the center of the shop where they powered up the computer. 
 Outside a group of teenagers walked by the shop windows laughing and shouting. Ed and Sebastian looked up as they went by. Their faces reflected the monitor’s glow. 
 Sebastian whispered, “Ed turn down the brightness.” Ed did so and their eyes adjusted further to the gloom.
 They used all the search engines they could think of and even checked sites dedicated to old English but no results were forthcoming. Whenever and wherever they typed the words, they received a message ‘0 results found.’ 
 While Ed agreed to make more coffee, Sebastian decided to define the three words separately. He wrote down his results on a pad, choosing only what he assumed to be relevant and discounting anything else. He was just finishing off when Ed came back in and placed two hot cups of coffee on the table. 
Sebastian took a cup and said, “thanks.”
Ed sat opposite and asked, “found anything.”
Sebastian nodded and read his abbreviations.   
 ‘Spill: A splinter of wood or strip. A paper cone or roll used as a container. To let something secret be known as in spill the beans. To ‘spill one's guts.’ To divulge everything one knows or reveal one’s personal problems.  To divulge information, To shed blood. A small peg.”
 “All that came from spill?” Ed asked, amazed that such a small word could have so many meanings.
 “Yes. There are also some words similar to or related to Spill. I found Spiller: An attacker who sheds or spills blood. And Spile: From Middle Dutch meaning a bit of wood or wooden peg. Often called A Spile Peg. And from Old English: Spillan, to destroy, squander to split. To scatter at random from a Receptacle or container. To let something secret, become known; divulge. To kill, to destroy or ruin. To squander, waste. 
 “Bloody Hell,” said Ed pointing toward the reference section, “I’ve been flogging those things for years. Never considered what was in them.” 
 Sebastian continued, “For Work I found: sustained physical or mental effort.”
 Ed looked at his watch, nodded, sighed and said, “tell me about it.”
 “Also, to work out a problem. A duty task or undertaking. To reach or cause to reach a specific condition. 
And finally rattle: A child’s toy, an instrument to make a noise when shaken, a noisy uproar or loud chatter. To shake up or to awaken. To utter or perform rapidly.  To confuse or upset; disconcert. Make frightened or anxious, to rattle a speaker with catcalls. A quick succession of sharp, short sounds. A death rattle. A rattling noise made by air passing through the mucus of a partly closed throat: to talk rapidly and incessantly.” Sebastian closed the pad and placed it on the desk. 
 “So,” said Ed, sitting up in his chair. “Let me just get this straight. You’ve got this neighbour ‘a farmer’ who on the surface seems like a normal type of guy. Every now and then, perhaps when it’s a full moon, he works his way around the village with his children’s toy, waking people up and shedding blood. Maybe theirs.”
 Sebastian grinned and for a short while watched shadows from outside dance and shift. A lorry drove passed; they could both feel the vibrations beneath them. “Well I’ve not seen him do that but I have heard him rattling about in that bloody tractor, maybe that’s it. Maybe it’s some kind of initiation. A Lot of it could fit though.” He read again from the pad, “A splinter of wood or peg, a receptacle or container…”
 Ed quickly cut him off and rapidly said, “It still doesn’t tell us what it is though. At the moment all we can do is speculate.” He paused for a moment in thought before continuing, “Look Seb if you are totally serious about this then I may be able to help you further. I’ve got a friend at university studying history. Give me a few days and I’ll see if I can find out anymore.”
 “Thanks Ed, I’d just be interested to know. You know what I’m like.” 
 Ed nodded and smiled.  
 Sebastian continued, “Let’s tidy up and go home.”
 While Sebastian went upstairs to check the lights and lock the doors, Ed went over the notes Sebastian had left on the pad. He reread them. Speaking to himself he said, “you’ve got a neighbour who has this object, which was used to maybe share information, to work out problems by the help of awakening things, and if all else fails he sheds blood. Is that your neighbour Seb? I just hope I’m not going to get you involved in something here. You’ve got enough problems.” 
One by one, Ed picked up the books and carefully placed them back on the shelves. He didn’t hear Sebastian walk back onto the shop floor and so didn’t see him walk over to the doors and stop by the children’s section. 
Something Ed had said. 
Sebastian’s eyes wandered over the children’s section before coming to rest on the book: The Lion The Witch And The Wardrobe. 
He thought of his father. He missed him terribly. How long had it been? He ran his finger down the books spine, pulled it from the shelf, stared at the front cover, and thought, one day, one day I’ll read the next page. He placed the book back. But not yet. 
 Outside before going their respective ways Ed passed a joint to Sebastian, “might help you to chill a bit.”
Sebastian reluctantly took it and put it in his pocket. “I might need this tomorrow. I’m down at the local supporting our team in a card match.”
“Can I come?” said Ed in a tone washed with sarcasm. 
“What a good idea,” said Sebastian sending a wave back. “You could support me. One of them called me a foreigner the other night. Maybe with you in there with me they’d think again.” 
“Be careful Seb, they sound to me like a bunch of hillbillies.”
“They’re good people Ed, I just want them to accept Jade and me. I want to feel a part of the community.”
 She was asleep when he sneaked through the bedroom door, the cat’s eyes reflecting the hall light where he lay by her side. He listened to the rhythm of her breathing, barely there, but slow and deep. He pulled the door to and walking back along the hallway whispered, “sorry.”


Chapter nineteen
Demons and Don


It was the night of the card game, a huge event on the hill and sure to draw crowds from the surrounding area to the Plain View Inn.   
 Sebastian sat on a tall tottering stool while leaning on the bar in the corner nearest the entrance. He was, as usual, alone. After coming home from work earlier, he had spoken to Jade; the first time since she had put the phone down on him the previous evening. The conversation had been short, strained and to the point. He had asked Jade to come along with him to the pub to support the home team. His question had lacked conviction, his voice sounding feeble. Her reply, a resolute ‘No!’ 
 ‘Ah well,’ he thought now as he sipped from the pint glass Larry had just poured, ‘at least I’m not alone, Harry seems to be getting the cold shoulder as well.’ Before Sebastian had arrived home, Harry had shown his appreciation to life on the hill by bringing Jade a present. The dead bird, minus head, she had stood on when she had walked into the kitchen hadn’t been accepted in the way Harry had expected. By the time Sebastian walked through the door Jade was chasing Harry around the kitchen with a butter knife in her hand. Sebastian was sure they couldn’t afford another call out from the vet and had intervened. Suffice to say Harry and Sebastian were much closer now. 
 Knowing it would be a hectic evening, Larry had, after some clever negotiating, arranged for the weekend staff to come in. And so while the bar was steadily filling, Larry was able to chat with the locals, his real reason for becoming a landlord in the first place, and maybe just maybe, he thought as he stood opposite Sebastian, watch some of the game. 
 As a boy growing up in a tough city, his father, a docker, a casual labourer, up at the crack of dawn, the memory of which brought a taste of bile, had, on the nights he wasn’t sleeping on the dock’s, often taken him down to his local. Larry would sit patiently for hours on end watching his father playing Don or some version of, while he slowly sipped from his one glass of lemonade and sucked the salt from his rationed peanuts. So long as he didn’t share any, he could usually make one of those small packets last for over two hours. Looking back, something to be proud of judging by the way the kids nowadays threw them down. He’d swear they shit them whole. With little else to do other than sip, suck and view the reactions from the four men sat around the table as cards were placed in the centre, gradually over a period of months he grew to understand the game, in principal at least. 
 The game was always played in pairs. His uncle Steve, another docker, they were all docker’s, would always pair with his father. The real skill, Larry soon realised, was not just in winning the trick, but also in getting a greater total value of cards in their tricks, different cards having different points. The winning team, the one to reach a pre-agreed number first usually 91 or 121. His father had promised him that when he was older they would partner together, ‘father and son’ he would say ‘a formidable pair.’ A promise Larry still waited for. He’d have to wait a long time. The docks had his father now. 
 He lit a cigarette. The taste of bile drifted with the smoke.
“It’s beginning to fill now Seb, I reckon I could be in for a profitable night, what do you think?” 
 For the first time since sitting at the bar Sebastian looked around the crowded room. Being so wrapped up in his own thoughts he had failed to notice. When he arrived less than an hour ago there was only a handful of locals. Steve Gates was sat in his usual place in the far corner. After getting a drink Sebastian had gone over to him to say hello. They had chatted over a pint for a few minutes, mainly about the steady recovery of Steve’s dog Jed. Sebastian had been keen to ask more about the spill work rattle but the opportunity hadn’t arisen. Either that or he was heedful to the cautious voice in the back of his head forewarning him to leave it alone. Whatever the reason one thing was for sure, he couldn’t stop thinking about the damn thing. The conversation with Steve had tapered off as soon after, three men had walked over and sat around the table. 
 One of them, a ruddy-faced man with soft washed out eyes and wearing a flat-cap just as washed out, on sitting down, had immediately checked the steadiness of the table. Less than satisfied he had folded a sodden beer-mat and placed it below the offending leg. Confident it was true he had walked across to the next table and carried out the same exercise before sitting back down. While he did this, another man, bald with a pockmarked face, bulbous nose and large squishy eyes, placed on the table two packs of playing cards, two pencils and two blank pads. Using one of the pencils, which seemed incredibly insignificant in his large fleshy hands, he had drawn a meandering line down the centre of each pad. On the left he had written ‘Mowen Hill,’ on the right ‘Bishops Gate.’ As he did, Steve formally introduced Sebastian as his neighbour. The one donning the flat-cap had asked if could play ‘Don.’ At which point if Sebastian could have been granted one wish it would have been just that, but sadly he couldn’t and he said so. ‘That’s a damn shame’ the man had said, ‘we might need a substitute the way Bill here’s been playing. Without replying ‘Bill,’ a big burly man with cauliflower ears and a nose broken more than once, had swung his arm at the other mans head knocking his cap to the floor. 
 ‘Well,’ Steve had said in jest though with a serious undertone, ‘we were going to talk tactics before the boys from Bishop Gate arrived but that’s going rapidly out of the window!’
 Choosing this as the ideal time to leave, Sebastian had wished the men the best of luck and turning as he stood almost walked into two men he was hoping he wouldn’t see, never mind bump into. They were two of the three men he had had the misfortune to meet in Steve Gate’s house the previous Saturday. 
 “Sorry,” Sebastian had uttered, “Didn’t see you there.”
The taller one, whom Sebastian was later informed by Larry was called Joseph, still had his arm in a sling, the cut to his face now scabbed over. He’d stepped back giving Sebastian room to walk in-between them. 
 The shorter, stocky one whom Sebastian remembered as Adam had sharply said, ‘you’re always quick with an apology, that all you foreigners from the city do all day, apologise?’
 For once Sebastian had spoken before considering the effect. He was sick to death of walking on eggshells around these people, ‘what the hell is your problem?’ he had sternly replied, ‘did you get lost in the city as a child? For God’s sake, you can see it from the top of the hill; even when it’s foggy!’ From the corner of his eye Sebastian had noticed Joseph grinning. His temper abated, ‘look, I’m sorry…’ 
 Immediately the grin from Joseph transformed to roaring laughter causing the four at the table to look up. Sebastian had looked from Joseph to Adam praying that like Joseph, Adam would see the funny side, but sadly there was no amusement in those eyes, only a fermenting hostility. ‘Well I’ll be over there when you’re ready to have another go at me,’ he had bitterly continued, nodding towards the far end of the bar.
 With squinting eyes, mouth drawn back and jaws clenched, Adam’s face morphed into something similar to a pink skinned werewolf. Snarling he seethed, ‘you’ve just sealed your grave foreigner!’ 
 Instantly a switch flicked on inside Sebastian’s head, his mind becoming a high-speed television screen playing back all the possible outcomes to this situation. Decision made, the switch flicked off. Choosing to ignore the threat and so the images where he quickly knocked Adam to the ground and continued to pummel his head until he was pulled off, probably by Joseph with his one good arm, Sebastian dragged himself away, toward the relative calm of his stool. Each footstep on the quarry-tiled floor was a stamp on Adam’s fat ugly head, crushing it to tiny pieces.  
 Now he supposed, as he looked around the room, there had to be over seventy people in the room. They were either making up a large crowd scrabbling for a good spot close to where Steve Gates and the rest of the team were sat, or they were sat around the sporadically placed tables, laughing, joking or just chatting. 
 Sebastian caught a gaze from a middle-aged man with a trimmed beard who nodded in his direction. His spirits lifted. Sebastian nodded back and mouthed ‘hello.’ Beyond him he noticed the older man who made up the trio from the incident at the farm. He was sat hunched over one of the tables close to the crowd. To his left were two women, the one closest to him looked to be of similar age, possibly his wife, the one farthest much older maybe his or her mother he supposed. Sebastian quickly skimmed over them. His attention was taken by two other smaller figures that the man from the trio was talking and laughing with. Although they had their backs to him, Sebastian was sure of their identities. The girl who jumped like a swan and her younger brother Nick: the small freckled faced boy who had fallen when jumping the ramp, members of the skateboard gang. 
 Sebastian was beginning to think of Mowen Hill as a jigsaw puzzle where the pieces were slowly beginning to fit into place. The world around him seemed to shrink a little. This was the community he and Jade had searched for, the community he desperately wanted to be a part of. And somewhere there was a piece of the puzzle with a picture of them on. He sipped his pint and hoped it would click into place soon.
 After taking in the scene Sebastian turned around to face Larry where he stood polishing a pint glass. “Larry do you know much about the card game they’ll be playing?”
 Larry stubbed his cigarette out in an ashtray already in need of emptying, “a little,” he said. I used to watch my old man play when I was a kid. Far as I know there are a few versions played up and down the country, but round here they usually stick to nine-card don. Did you fancy having a go?”
 “I never played but I wouldn’t mind learning.”
 “Well maybe one day eh.”
 Sebastian nodded, “maybe.”
 “What happened with you and the likely lads over there?”
 “Larry you don’t miss a trick. I feel like you’re my guardian angel watching over me whenever I come in here.” Sheepishly he added, “I had a run in with them the other night.”
 Larry’s look was one of feint surprise. “No way! You do seem to like causing trouble for yourself don’t you.”
 “But that’s the thing Larry, I’m doing all I can to try and fit in up here. We left the city to try and be a part of a community, seems that I get more grief up here than we ever had down there.”
 “That’s the trouble, everyone always thinks it’s soft in the country. I tell you Sebastian it isn’t soft. They’re just better at burying their shit then us city types.” Soon after Larry excused himself to go and serve. The bar was getting busier. The weekend staff were finding it difficult to cope. 
 While he pulled pints and served drinks Larry thought about what Sebastian was trying to achieve. To a certain extent he understood, after all hadn’t he wanted the same when he left his home city of Liverpool to start again? A year later and he was still working his way in. Fortunately he now understood the way things ticked up here. In time Sebastian would to. But it needed to come to you slowly. Sebastian needed a little more patience. The way Larry figured it, you had to discount all you knew or thought you knew about life in a small village and learn to adjust to its rules and laws, otherwise the alienation you would receive every time you opened your front door would finish you, if nothing else did. Larry glanced at Sebastian. He probably needs a guardian angel, more than he knows. 
 His thoughts dissolved as he noticed the bar room volume drop. He saw the door to the bar open and three strangers walk in. They headed straight for the bar and introduced themselves to Larry as the team from Bishop Gate.
 “Well,” said Larry smiling, “welcome to our humble establishment. Your first round is on the house. But unless my eyes deceive me, there are only three of you. Now if you’re looking for a fourth to make up your team then I may be able to assist. See the tormented soul at the end of the bar? He’s no local but I hear he is a demon player.”
 “You don’t sound like a local yourself.” The man in the middle said after taking a sideways glance toward Sebastian. He appeared out of earshot. The man from Bishop Gate said, “appreciate the offer but we have our very own demon player. He’s just running a little late.” Looking around the room he said, “I can’t see anything with this smoke, where’s Mr. Gates?” 
 Larry finished their pints, placed them in front of the three, and said, “Steve, in the corner, beyond the crowd.”
 The three nodded and left the bar. Other than Sebastian and one or two others, the bar cleared as people keen to get a good spot rushed toward the crowd and the tables beyond. Larry wandered back towards Sebastian.
 “You could tell they weren’t locals.” Sebastian said grinning.  “They got the same treatment as I used to.”
 Staggered, Larry said, “used to! Look at you, one of the locals now are we. It won’t be long before you give up your space at the bar, and go and take permanent residence with that bunch over there.” Larry pointed to the far corner of the room. “Mind you, as long as they don’t cause the same amount of trouble you do, we should be fine.” Larry finished watching the men as they sat around the table.
 “Well I think I’m happy to stay here,” Sebastian replied looking toward the crowd where Adam and Joseph stood. “What time are they due to start?”
 “Anytime now, they’re just waiting for their fourth man, apparently he’s something of a demon player!” 
 Just then the door to the bar opened. They both looked up as a tall man, with long black hair appeared. 
The men at the table waved at him, he waved back.
 “Tell me it isn’t so,” muttered Sebastian and watched as the man promenaded across the room, black hair flowing, and a bright smile cutting through the gloom. “It’s like he’s on a bloody movie set,” he said to anyone bothered to listen.
 The man approached the parting crowd and the tables beyond. Sebastian and Larry watched as, before he could sit, Steve Gates stood, shook his hand and placing another gently on his back showed him to his chair. 
 “Christ on a stick!” said Larry. “Did you just see that? Mr. Steve Gates just gave up his chair for him. Is he royalty?” 
 Sebastian continued to watch as Steve, before sitting down in another chair, leaned over to Joseph and appeared to say something. Nodding Joseph quickly drank the remainder of his pint. 
Clearly stunned by the display, Larry continued talking without looking at Sebastian. Sebastian felt the pangs of jealousy deep in his belly and attempted to still them by gulping his pint. 
 “Who is that man? I’ve never seen him in here before?”
 “That,” declared Sebastian, “Is Gary Franklin. Did you see the way he strolled in here? I had to work bloody hard just to get my feet through the door and in he waltzes like the local hero. They’ll all be queuing for his autograph next.”
 “You know him then. So who’s Gary Franklin?”
 “Like I said,” bitterness flooding from Sebastian’s mouth, “the local bloody hero!”
 “Oh, who’s he saved then?”
Sebastian finished his pint. “He’s the vet from Bishops Gate.”
“Oh is that him, I must buy him a drink. He is the local hero.”
Sebastian did a double take. “Oh no, don’t tell me you’re a fan as well.”
 “No not yet, but I heard what he did for Steve Gates dog. He sounds like a good man. Last I knew the dog was on deaths door.”
 “Yeah but…”
 “No buts’ about it Seb. The man needs a few free drinks on the house. Anyway, what’s your problem? Didn’t he fix up your cat for you.”
Before Sebastian had chance to reply, Joseph had walked through the crowd. He stood next to Sebastian and placed an empty glass on the bar. “Larry, can I have a pint of ‘special’ for Mr. Franklin and the usual for Steve, Adam and me.” Larry nodded. 
 “And another for yourself?” Joseph said looking across at Sebastian. 
Sebastian, taken aback, nodded and said, “thanks.” 
Once he had served them, Larry excused himself saying that he was going to watch some of the game. 
 In-between sips Joseph spoke to Sebastian, “I don’t know what it is about Adam; he always seems to like making enemies. I think the best thing you can do is try and ignore him. Although he’s not smart, he knows better than to cause more trouble for himself.”
 “I appreciate the advice,” said Sebastian. “All I want to do is enjoy life on this hill. The last thing I want is to create trouble.” 
 Joseph cautioned, “sometimes you have to work at the things you imagine you deserve,” then smiling said, “take these pints for example, as you can see, I’m going to struggle, care to lend a hand?”
 “Yeah sure,” said Sebastian, together they walked across to the crowded tables. 


Chapter twenty
Warren and the spiller man


While Sebastian made his way toward the crowded tables, Ed was busy in his home kneeling on the lounge floor leaning over his baby boy, Joel. 
 It was his turn to look after the baby, his wife’s evening off. Of course he did not mind, in fact he loved it. The arrangement suited him down to the ground. It meant that he could plan in the things he wanted to do on his nights off, then, on his nights seeing to Joel, he could give him all his attention, and not rush or feel frustrated at not being able to do his own thing.
 Angela, his wife, was sat on her chair by Ed’s left side watching the news. While Ed tickled Joel’s soft belly with his bristly chin, he noticed a pained expression on the face of Angela. It was followed by a low moan. Her face was screwed up, similar to Joel’s, and although he had no idea as to the reason for Angela’ expression, his back was to the television, the newscasters voice monotonous fuzz, a quick sniff followed by a distinctive whiff confirmed the reason for his sons. 
 His smile belied his true feelings, “there is no doubt about it, you definitely need your nappy changing young man. You’re close to stripping the wallpaper with that one.” He gently pulled apart the Velcro straps on either side of Joel’s tiny belly, and watched with mild amusement as he went into a crazy wriggling fit. “Steady kiddo don’t want it on the carpet, it could be radioactive.” 
 As Ed juggled with the nappy, it’s deadly contents and Joel’s kicking legs, Angela stood quickly and brushed passed him, her knee catching his shoulder, her shoe grazing his fingertips. His body did a reactionary shuffle, the fingers of his free hand sinking into the nappy. “Bloody hell women,” he cried, “what’s the matter with…”
 Before he finished his sentence, the phone in the hall way began to ring. As Angela pounded on toward the kitchen, oblivious to the high-pitched tone, Ed managed to remove the soiled nappy, and have it rolled up and placed into a plastic perfumed bag before three more rings from the unanswered phone. While removing a wipe from the packet, Ed, exasperated, looked toward the phone finding it curious that his wife could so easily ignore it. Maybe, he wondered, it is not actually ringing, and I just want it to, to prevent the inevitable verbal barrage. It was no surprise, the way she had stormed off like that. To Joel he said, “ready, three, two, one, and.”
 From the kitchen doorway came the inevitable, “did you not just hear that on the news?” she complained. “They’ve just pulled out a body from a lake in the lake district. The newsreader said it was near Ambleside, a popular tourist attraction. To bloody right it’s a popular tourist attraction. That was supposed to be where we were going for our one weeks holiday! Shot in the head he was. Well I’ll tell you this: tomorrow I’m going into that travel agents in town to get our deposit back! I’m not having it. We’ll go to Wales like we usually do, it’s safer there.” 
 The ringing continued. 
 “Ange, could you get the phone, I’m kind of busy here at the moment.”
 Angela, boarding hysteria, and from back inside the kitchen, cried, “typical, flipping typical, is that all you can worry about. They’ve dragged a body from a lake!” Her face appeared at the door, “and they have no idea who is responsible. He’s still free, roaming around the hills and the villages with his shotgun no doubt.” 
 Take a breath woman, Ed prayed before saying with as much control as possible, “well look honey, I didn’t do it and I’m sure Joel here had no part in it. So I’m fairly certain we shouldn’t be getting the blame. So why don’t we just…”
 The phone stopped ringing. Angela retreated into the kitchen, huffing as she went. The sound was similar to that of a bull preparing to stampede.
 “Thanks,” Ed whispered and then to Joel, “fancy a pint? I don’t think I’ll be having any fun in the bedroom tonight. In fact I think I may snuggle up with you. It could be a lot safer.” He wiped Joel’s bottom clean as he spoke and after placing on a fresh nappy, he gave him a big kiss on his belly before putting on his pyjamas. 
 The phone rang again. 
 Without thinking Ed shouted, “can you get that Ange?” No response, the only sounds, Joel softly whimpering, dangerously close to crying, and a tap dripping in the kitchen and the phone. That phone was quickly becoming the root of all evil. “Hush now Joel, it’s all okay.” 
 Ed picked him up. Joel’s face nuzzled against his fathers thickly padded shoulder, “come on mate lets go get the phone, before the gates of hell open and unleash the monster upon the earth.” 
 He walked past the kitchen doorway, “thanks,” he declared with as much sarcasm he could muster with a single word. He looked in and caught a glimpse of his wife frantically typing a message on her mobile phone, no doubt sending messages to her friend or mother about the latest disaster. Never mind the poor bloke who was shot in the head.
 He picked up the phone and before saying hello, spoke a prolonged hush to the baby, “hello.” The voice on the other end was one that he was sure he knew but couldn’t place.
 “Sounds like you’re in a wind tunnel, very unnerving. How are you Ed, long time no speak?”
 Ed was still unsure as to whom the voice belonged, “yeah, long time no speak. So how are you?” He was hoping his question would lead him toward the identity of the stranger on the other end.
 “I am extremely well, thank you, extremely well. I have only one more gruelling year of hardship in this prison before I’m free to join the ever-expanding dole queue. Yes life could not be sweeter.”
 Ed, still none the wiser, but acutely aware he was running out of time -Joel was squirming like a hungry snake- said, “so what can I do for you?”
 The voice on the other end displayed mock excitement, “well you could guarantee me a prosperous career, which would go some way to convince me this is all worthwhile. Or perhaps you could assure me I’m going to find a wife as stunning as yours. You could clear my loan, which has become a mountain of overdue bills and statements. Ed the list goes on and on.”
 Joel decided that the phone was his to play with, not his dad’s. With both hands he reached for it. Ed pulled the phone away and turned his neck to keep up with it. For the next minute they spun round in slow jerky circles. Joel started giggling. Ed slightly irritated, and none the wiser said, “well I’m not sure I can help with any of those, but it was nice catching up with you.”
 “Well Ed, I have to say I am shocked, not that you are unable to help, rather that you don’t want to know what secrets I have been able to uncover for you.” 
 Ed was confused. Joel had transformed himself into a huge spider, fingers were everywhere, and two were trying incredibly hard to remove an eyeball. He looked in the kitchen for help. Angela had vanished. ‘Jesus.’ “I’m sorry, look I…”
 “Ed.”
 “Yes.”
 “Just a question. 
 “Yes.”
 “You have no idea who I am do you?”
 Ed, defeated, sighed, and said, “I’m sorry, no.”
 “That is all right Ed, no need to apologise, I don’t think this cold is helping matters. I swear I’ve been bunged up for an eternity, and it has been a while, excuse me…” he sneezed, and then blew his nose. 
 Ed held the receiver away from Joel and himself, before realising it was impossible to catch a cold through the telephone line.
 The voice continued, “Ed you left me a message on this antiquated answer machine we share in the halls, asking if I could find out any information on the spill work rattle. I must say you had my house mates and myself somewhat intrigued.” 
 Ed, excited now, finally realised who it was. “Warren, I’m really sorry, it doesn’t sound anything like you. How are you?”
 “Well I won’t bore you with that again. Was that a baby I could hear in the background?”
 “Yes it was. It is. Joel my son, God man, how long has it been?” 
For the next few minutes, they brought each other up to speed. Ed about Joel, Warren about life at university, a life Ed had turned his back on five years earlier. Angela reappeared, a sorry and guilty look on her face and took the restless Joel from Ed. ‘Thanks,’ he mouthed, grateful for the small reprieve.  
 “So,” said Ed, “how did you get on?”
 “Well its certainly very curious if not a little mysterious. Tell me Ed, why would you be asking about such an obscure device? Have you come across one?”
“No, no I haven’t.”
“So why the interest.”
“I’m simply doing a friend a favour, that’s all.”
“So this friend of yours has he seen one?” 
 Ed paused before replying, “no he hasn’t.” He was not sure he sounded convincing. He wasn’t sure why he needed to lie. Though later he was glad he had.
 “Well,” said Warren, “that surely is a shame.” He paused, “though maybe under the circumstances it isn’t.”
Ed noticed the change to his tone. Even though it was masked partially by his blocked nose, it had become deeper and more serious.
 Warren continued, “well to the point. Firstly, it has been very difficult to find any information. I spent the best part of two days in our extensive library, and I discovered absolutely nothing. It was worse than hunting for the proverbial needle in a haystack. At least with a needle you have something to look for. Anyway I was ready to call it a day, but I bumped into one of the resident history scholars and mentioned it to him. He was quick to inform me that I needn’t bother wasting any time searching through dusty old books, as the only place I was likely to find any information would be through hearsay. He said that when he was a young lad growing up in Yorkshire his great grandmother would often tell him stories of the ‘Spiller Man.’” 
 Ed leaned against the wall, the very name causing him to gather breath. He thought of his friend Seb. “Who was the spiller man?”
 “Before I answer that, let me ask you a question.”
 “Go on.”
 “Have you ever heard of the Cunning Man?”
 “No, who was he?”
 “Well he, was just as often a she and there would have been more than one. In fact at various times in our history there may have been hundreds, possibly thousands, of them up and down the land. I suppose that today you would class them as a white witch. In those days their role would have been much greater.” 
 Ed, distracted for a moment, watched his wife and son. “What was that?”
 “In small villages and possibly larger towns, the Cunning Man’s role was vast. He was not only a source of cures for many ailments through spells, but also someone called upon to solve local disputes. I guess he was like a doctor, a judge, jury and police all rolled into one.” 
 “So was he the village leader?”
 “I don’t know, I doubt it.”
 “But he must have been fairly powerful.”
 “I suppose he must have been a prominent and respected figure within the local community and that if he was keeping order then he or she would probably be ignored by local authorities. He was possibly doing their job for them in many ways.” 
 “So if that is, or was, the Cunning Man. Who was the Spiller Man.”  
 “Well this is where we begin to rely on hearsay I’m afraid. Let me begin by relaying what the scholar said to me. He said, ‘if the cunning man were the white witch, then the spiller man was the black witch.’ He told me that when he was a little boy his great grandmother, a nasty women by all accounts, used to tell him stories of the spiller man. She said that if you were naughty or did bad things, the spiller man would come for your soul and peg out your name on the spill work rattle ready for the devil to take. It didn’t matter who you were young or old, the spiller man would come for you. He said that in some ways the spiller man and the cunning man were similar. Like the cunning man, the spiller man would offer cures and solve local disputes, but it seems with more finality.” 
 Ed quickly thought back to something Seb had said to him, something about markings on the blocks of wood. He wished he hadn’t smoked so much. “Warren, sorry, just rewind a little.”
 “What did you mean when you said ‘peg out your name?’”
 “Well I’m not entirely sure. I suppose the spiller man would inscribe the unfortunate souls name on the device.”
 “So,” said Ed, “the spiller man went round the village killing people, when ever he felt like it. How would he get away with that? How would the villagers put up with it?”
 “Remember Ed, this is all hearsay. But if the spiller man did kill people, I doubt it would have ever been on a whim. It sounds as if it was something he would hold council over, no doubt like the cunning man solving disputes. If this was the case, in some ways villagers may have seen it as a way to keep control.” 
 “But like you say, there is no proof of this.” The chill around Ed’s heart warning of dark foreboding was almost too much. The information Warren was giving was too close to what Sebastian had spoken about. 
 “None whatsoever. However the scholar did say that the spill work rattle may have predated the cunning man.” 
 “Why’s that?”
 “The scholars great grandmother told him a story about a particularly nasty hag with one black front tooth and a hunch back who, before she was tortured, probably during the infamous witch hunt trials, howled with anguish at watching her spill work rattle being burned.” 
 Ed’s mind reeled. Hadn’t Seb said something about it being burned?
 “I have to say,” Warren continued, the scholar thought that if any of this were true, then most would have been destroyed in the seventeenth century during the great witch hunts. Therefore, if your friend had seen one then that would be very interesting indeed. 
 Well Ed that’s about all I could manage. I hope that that will quench your friend’s thirst. As you can see, it’s probably not a bad thing he hasn’t bumped into one; as that could only mean one thing.” 
 Ed wasn’t concentrating anymore, “what’s that?”
 “Well that the Spiller Man exists.”
 “But that’s ridiculous!”
 “Which is probably why he hasn’t seen one.”
 “Warren, do you know much about the witch hunts?”
 “A little, the witch-hunt trials were carried out by an immoral chap called Matthew Hopkins; the self-titled witch finder general. He had a team of would be assailants, the most prominent being John Stearne, the witch pricker. In the mid seventeen hundreds they were responsible for the deaths of approximately two hundred and thirty witches up and down the country.”
 “I always thought this stuff was mainly myth.”
 “No it wasn’t. Somehow by getting around the law Matthew Hopkins was able to use his torturing techniques; his form of interrogation, and go after pretty much anybody whom he considered to be a witch. Allegedly he had his own ‘devils list’ which was reputed to contain the names of the entire witch’s in the country. When he found them he would use his own form of ‘swimming’ to secure their guilt.”
 “Swimming?”
 “Swimming was a form of torture that Matthew Hopkins got his biggest kicks from. It had been around possibly fifty or so years before he used it. What Hopkins did however, was to take the standard form, which was to throw the accused bound into water, where if they floated they were guilty, as the water had rejected them, just think about baptism a few stages further. His method was this: he would take the accused, now bear in mind this would be a public display, they would be bent double, their thumbs tied to their big toes. With a rope tied around their waist, two men, either side of the pond would lower the accused into the water two or three times, probably while Hopkins pranced around the waters edge, working for a confession, though most would end up drowning anyway.”
 “Bloody Hell, so what happened to him?”
 “Don’t think anyone is really sure. Some believe that whilst he was passing through Suffolk, I guess that you need to understand that by now Hopkins was out of favour with a lot of folk, he was himself accused of being a witch, after being incriminated of obtaining the ‘devils list’ through sorcery and as such was forced to his own favoured torturing technique. Some believe he drowned in this way. Others believe he was condemned and hanged.”
 “Christ Warren I feel like I’ve just had the most interesting history lesson ever! Where do you get this stuff from?”
 “Well you know me, I love history. That’s why I’m here after all. Though I have to say, witchcraft isn’t really my field. Hey, wouldn’t it be incredible if they still existed today?”
 “The spill work rattle?”
 “Yes.”
 “Well I suppose it depends on which side of the fence you are on. From a historical point of view, yes, but from a social one, I’m not so sure.”
 “Yes I see what you mean. Well like I say, probably best left alone eh? I’m sure that if these people do still exist today they’ve managed to keep their secret safe. Best not to pry I think.”
 “Yes I think you’re right Warren, best not to pry.”
 After saying their farewells and agreeing to keep in touch, Ed shakily put the phone down. What the hell was Sebastian getting himself into? he asked of himself, before he joined his wife in the kitchen.
 “Sorry Ed,” Angela said, “I guess I over reacted. They’ll probably catch whoever it was in the next day or two. Who was on the phone?”
 “An old friend, Warren, he was phoning to catch up. Should we put the little man to bed now?”
 His wife nodded and together the three disappeared upstairs.


Chapter twenty one
Shadows your only friend


As Sebastian followed Joseph toward the crowd, Nick the skateboard boy, and his family rose from their table. Sebastian slowed to watch the children each in turn hug their father. 
 Joseph, unaware, walked on to stand beside Adam and Larry. 
 He kissed his daughter on her forehead and ruffled his son’s hair. After which Nick pushed his glasses higher up his tiny nose. Then, he whispered something into his wife’s ear, and kissed her too. She smiled and ran a hand lightly through her hair. Before joining Joseph and the others he touched the elder women on her arm. Although Sebastian didn’t see and couldn’t hear, he supposed he must have said something because she nodded and looked toward the girl who giggled.  
 The children walked ahead of their mother and grandmother. On seeing Sebastian they slowed and mirroring one another, burst out laughing. 
 Great! Thought Sebastian. “Hey Nick,” he said, “how’s the jumping going.”
 Nick clearly finding it hard to contain his giggles said, “good thanks.” It was about all he could manage. 
 “Listen,” said Sebastian, “you’ve not told anyone about my jumping exploits have you?”
 “Nah,” said Nick, “not a word, but Susie, she’s told everyone. Especially about the way you danced with a wheelie bin.” 
 Sebastian looked from Susie to Nick. Their mother stood behind them with their grandmother. “Are you two causing trouble?” she asked. 
 Before Sebastian could introduce himself, Nick spoke on his behalf.  “No mum,” said Nick. “This is the old man we told you about; the skateboard jumper.”
 “Yeah,” said Susie laughing, “the one who jumped so high he landed on a wheelie bin.”
 “That’s not strictly true,” said Sebastian embarrassed by the children’s frankness. 
 “Don’t worry,” said their mother, “your secrets safe with us. Now come on you pair. I need to get you home. You’ve school tomorrow. And I think a lesson in manners wouldn’t go amiss before bed.”  
 Sebastian watched the four leave before walking across to Joseph.  
 “Where did you get to?” He asked, taking the pint from him and placing it on the table by Gary Franklin.
 “Thank you,” said Gary without looking up. So intent was he on the game.
 “Unfinished business to discuss,” said Sebastian. 
 Surprised, Joseph asked, “what with Anthony’s kids?” 
On hearing his name mentioned Anthony, the children’s father, turned around to face Joseph and Sebastian. He spoke without a trace of humour, “what have you been doing with my kids?” 
Sebastian tensed as he sensed the malice behind the question. Much more of this and he was going to have a heart attack. All he needed now was for Adam to realise and join in. Fortunately he seemed to be engrossed in conversation with Larry about the game.  
 “Oh it’s nothing, really…”
 “Let me be the judge of that!” Anthony snapped.
 Sebastian spoke quickly not wanting to worsen the situation, “I saw your children the other night when I was on my way here. They’d built a skateboard ramp on the street. Your son fell on the ramp and I went across to make sure he was all right, that’s all.”
 All harshness from Anthony’s face faded, laughing he said, “You’re the one who nearly destroyed my neighbours wheelie bin.”
 “So they told you as well.”
 “Don’t worry, you’re secret is safe.”
 “That’s what your wife said.”  
Anthony put out his hand. As Sebastian shook it Anthony said, “I’m Anthony Williamson, you’re Steve’s neighbour. We met or rather saw each other at Steve’s house.”
 “Yeah, Sebastian,” he replied feeling uneasy.  
 “Listen Sebastian, thanks for looking out for my kid. I appreciate that. I really do. He tries so hard to fit in with the bigger lads. He’s always coming home with cuts and bruises.”
 “I know what that’s like,” said Sebastian. 
 “Unlike Joe here. He came out built like a bloody brick shit house, I swear.” 
 A cheer went up from the crowd. Joseph who had been watching turned to them and said, “Thank God for that. We just won one back.” 
 Anthony seeming more interested in Sebastian, smiled in acknowledgement to Joseph before continuing. “So, do you work in the city?” he asked. 
 “Yes, I manage a bookshop there.”
 “Enjoy it.”
 “It pays the way. Though it would be more enjoyable if it wasn’t for the shoplifter’s.”
 “Do you get a lot then?”
 Sebastian nodded, before taking a mouthful from his pint. As he did Larry walked passed him. The crowd dispersed a little. Joseph and Adam turned away from the tables. The games were over for now.
 To Adam, Joseph said, “Larry said that that Mr Franklin was supposed to be a demon player. He wasn’t kidding. I don’t reckon Steve will be telling me to buy him another drink! I tell you, the home team are going to have to do something special after the break, they’re getting crucified!” 
Adam didn’t reply. It wasn’t that he hadn’t heard, more that he was distracted on seeing Sebastian.  
 “So how’d you handle them?” Anthony asked.
Sebastian took another mouthful from his pint, caught Adam staring at him, tensed, and briefly went back in time to the previous day at the store. For a moment Ed’s disappointed face replaced Anthony’s. “I’m sorry…”
 “There he goes again,” said Adam slowly shaking his head, “only words he knows.”
 Anthony slightly confused looked at Adam questioningly before repeating his own question. “I said how do you handle them. The shoplifters.”
 Sebastian desperately wanted to lie in order to impress, instead he said, “we caught a young girl yesterday. She’d filled her pram with books. I interviewed her and realising that she was selling the books to a crook on the market agreed to let her go providing she showed me who he was. After that I informed the Police. They’re now dealing with it.”
 Adam spoke up, “sounds like a bloody soft approach, typical of the city. I swear that’s why crimes so high down there, folk like you letting everyone off, doing deals. I tell you up here it’s a different story. Up here scum like that get dealt with.” 
 “Yeah,” Joseph added, “that shoplifter of yours, she’d done that up here, she’d have had her hand’s chopped off!” 
 “What Adam and Joseph mean,” Anthony quickly interjected, “is that people up here understand that if a crime is committed then the proper channels are followed.” He faced Adam and Joseph, “isn’t that right boy’s?”
 Scowling Adam turned away. Hesitantly Joseph replied, “Yeah, that’s what we meant. When I said they’d get their hands chopped off I was just…” Joseph paused.
 “…Speaking figuratively?” Anthony finished for him. 
 “Yeah,” said Joseph, “something like that.”
 “I take it you don’t suffer from so much crime up here then,” said Sebastian.
 “No not really,” said Anthony, “other than the occasional mad man forcing tractors off the road and into hedges. Nah other than that we don’t get much.” 
 “Plus, we don’t have many shops,” said Joseph while looking at Anthony for some kind of approval.” 
 A few minutes later Larry appeared with two full pints and a big grin plastered across his face.
 “What’s so funny Larry?” Adam asked.
All four men, Sebastian included waited eagerly for Larry to continue. For a long time Larry looked at one of the glasses he held, the answer to Adam’s question was staring them in the face. 
 Before Larry replied Steve Gates and two of the other players walked between them, each holding one or more full pints.
 “How are we doing Steve?” Anthony asked.
 “Not good, overall we’re losing four two. The two we’ve won are down to the other team. That Gary Franklin is not just a good vet, him and Eddie are playing like they’re Siamese twins. Reckon we’ve got our work cut out if we’re going to turn this around.” As Steve walked on and sat at a table, the other players followed. Larry, Sebastian and the others wished them all good luck. 
 “So,” said Adam to Larry, “what’s so funny?”
 “Well let’s see now. You’ve all got empty pint glasses. The bar’s still busy and the games are about to continue. I’d say that was a bit of poor planning on your part!”
 “Bugger,” said Anthony, “whose round is it?”
Sebastian was about to offer. Before he could Larry passed him a pint, “there you go Seb, you’re still a newcomer. You wouldn’t have known any better.” 
 Reluctantly Sebastian took the pint and said, “thanks Larry.” He didn’t need to look at Adam to know he was fuming. He could feel the heat from the glare on his forehead. 
 Adam pushed passed the men muttering something as he went.
 “Has he ever had a sense of humour?” Larry asked.
 “He’s got a lot on his mind at the moment,” said Anthony, “I suppose we all have. Come on Joseph lets get a drink.”
As they walked toward the bar Larry said, “tell Adam they’re on the house, maybe that will put a smile on his face!”
 For the next half hour Larry and Sebastian were left alone. Anthony, Joseph and Adam had returned, but had found a better viewpoint of the games elsewhere. In truth Adam had asked certain people to move. From here, they were able to watch as much of the games as they wished. Neither Gary Franklins play, nor his concentration wavered. His eyes never strayed from the table. He seemed to have the ability to remember every combination of cards placed down. From there he was able to make calculated decisions on his play. Eddie and Gary won every single game, always scoring maximum points. Gary led, Eddie followed, a magician and his apprentice.
 By nine thirty the games were over. Unenthusiastic and reluctant cheers went up from the crowd for Bishops Gate. 
 The man wearing the flat cap, one of Steve’s players, removed it and wiped away the sweat on his brow. Nobody in the crowd commented on the play, neither did anyone criticize. Instead, most just walked from the tables, either to their own or leaving the pub all together. Sebastian and Larry stayed put. They were like a pair of drowsy morning rowing boats caught unawares in the centre of a dried up ocean. 
 Tradition had it that the losing team buy a round for the winning one. Gary Franklin declined the offer. Instead he shook Steve’s hand, put on his long coat, and after saying a few words to his teammates, left. 
 “He’s a sociable chap,” said Larry “wonder why he’s in such a hurry? Anyway come on lets grab a seat, I’ve been on my feet all day preparing for this slaughter.”
 Together they sat at one of the many empty tables. Adam, Anthony and Joseph, after getting more drinks from the bar went and sat with Steve Gates and the three remaining players from Bishops Gate.  
 It was now nearing ten. Sebastian had already decided to leave when he finished his drink. He was looking forward to the walk. He needed to clear his head. His worries about home had dispersed during the excitement of the game, but now the games were over and the pub not far from empty they were creeping back. 
 He watched Larry looking gloomily around the smoky room and followed his eyes. Filthy tables covered with empty crisp packets. Alcohol soaked beer-mats and over-full ashtrays spewing their contents like lumpy lava. The tiled floor almost resembled a huge table as other than the dirt, the broken glass, and what looked to be a doll below the dartboard; the contents were pretty much the same. Sebastian had seen enough and stared into his drink instead. 
 That bloody dartboard, thought Larry, that’s coming down tomorrow. He’d bought a new one; it was just that it was low down on his priority list at the moment to put up. Larry glanced across toward the toilet door. The very thought of going in there made him itch, made him shiver. It was a health hazard. Across at the bar, the staff were working hard clearing the bar and the glasses. They knew what was coming next, after all wasn’t it the same every other weekend?    
 Sebastian wondered whether Ed had been able to find out any news on the spill work rattle. The thought of it reminded him of the days before Christmas, the anticipation, the impatience, and the sheer excitement. It was a luscious recipe promising to deliver so much, which was often more enjoyable than the presents themselves. He wished the information Ed could come up with would be sensational. What if he had uncovered a great secret? What would he do with it? 
Bribe?  Of course not. 
Sell the story?  Doubtful. 
Become a part of it? He glanced at Steve, then at Adam sat next to him, together engrossed in conversation. He took a deep breath, a subconscious effort to pull the reins on his imagination. Anyway the very idea was preposterous. 
 Sebastian looked at Larry. Larry’s eyes were fixed on the toilet door. His brow was moist. 
 “Larry, have you had a good evening?”
 “I’d put money on it being the best and I haven’t even looked in the tills yet.”
 “You sound so sure.”
 Larry took another look around the room, “you can always tell by the mess, look at the fucking state of this place, fucking animals the lot of them.”
 “Larry can I ask you something?”
 “Why I came here? That’s a good question, or the secret of my success. Take your pick?”
 “About Steve, how come he never buys a drink? It’s not like it’s a problem or anything. It’s just that everyone seems to run around after him. Does he own a lot of land around here?”
 Larry lit a cigarette, took a long pull, and looked across at Steve. “Seb, one thing I quickly learned when I moved is that people up here live their lives by a different set of rules.” He leaned closer to Sebastian, “you shouldn’t ask too many questions. You want to live up here? Just accept that things are as they are for a reason.”
 “It’s a bit strange though.”
 “Is it? It’s different yes, but it’s safe and secure. When was the last time you saw the police up here?”
 Sebastian shook his head, “never.”
 “Exactly and you never will. Look Seb you’re doing all right, don’t try and rush it. I don’t want to sound like I’m lecturing you but I will tell you this. No matter what you see or hear, no matter how you feel about someone or something, your shadow is your only friend. Remember that and you won’t go far wrong.” 
 “I don’t understand?”
 “You will,” said Larry standing. He looked back toward the toilet door, “I’ve work to do.”  


Chapter twenty two
Secrets in the woods


It was a little after ten thirty when Sebastian finally traded the smoke ravaged atmosphere to make his way home amidst the sweet clean air. 
 High above, the sky was filled with broken pockets of illumined clouds. A waning moon rested for the moment on the brow of the jagged hill radiating an icy, almost artificial blue glow to all it touched; from the chimney topped terraced cottages on Sebastian’s right, to the sparsely populated fields and the tree tops of the dense woods beyond on his left. 
 Leaving the pub and the few remaining occupants behind, he walked slowly up the steep bank. It was a tough pull. His footsteps echoed where they slapped against the cracked and crumbling pavement trying and reluctantly failing to cling on to the hillside. Twenty paces later, he was warm. He paused, sucked in a lungful of air, and looked to his right at the row of terraced cottages with their drawn curtains, in several cases failing to contain the light within. He looked at and considered the rising chimneys puffing smoke, and likened them to stone cigars, defiling the night air. He imagined the various families settling in for the night in front of their blazing fires, in front of their large screen televisions, sipping at their warm cups of tea. Many, he assumed would be discussing the game, talking through the play; of the cards they would have dropped. Many would have by now put their children and soon themselves to bed. He saw a light flick off on a first floor lending more credence to the thought. He was not ready to go home yet. Home was not like it was in those houses, all cosy and snug. Home was full of confusion and uncertainties, which needed to be faced, needed to be dealt with. Somewhere in his mind lay the answers, he was sure of it. One thing he was certain of. He needed to spend more time there with Jade. He needed to get them back to where they were when they moved. Tomorrow, he decided, he would sit and talk to Jade about the two of them, about what they once were and about what they could do to get back there. It never occurred to him that she may not want to.  
 He climbed a little further and stopped. Straight ahead the footpath by the roadside continued. To his left a well-trodden path led through the fields. He could see it tracing its way in an almost straight line before stopping and splitting left and right, up and down, to skirt the woods edge, the light from the clouds and the moon beyond giving it the appearance of a black gash across the shiny white grass. 
 He had walked that path before, though not from this direction. Jade and himself, within their first month of moving to the hill had spent an entire week walking along all the paths they could find in the area, through the woods in the distance and along the rocky wind worn ridge far above, relishing in the freedom they offered. And so he was well aware that if he walked along this one it would run straight to the wood where he could turn right and climb the hill to meet a wide track, there he could turn right again and make his way back to the road side. 
 He looked at his watch, ten forty five. Should only take twenty minutes or so he thought, and so without further ado he climbed over the stile, which creaked its protestations at him, jumped down onto the path and made his way toward the wood. 
 Within five minutes, he was by the woods side. It seemed to soak up the light such was its denseness. During the day, it was teaming with life, with movement, colour, and every shade of green imaginable. But now, now it was one colour only: black! 
 Thinking it best not to hang about, Sebastian hurriedly climbed the hillside. For a time his thoughts were absorbed with a strange eerie preternatural experience. To his right lay fluorescent brilliance, artificial in every way, on his left pitch darkness. 
 The path he climbed upon, wedged between good and bad, heaven and hell. As he clambered up the uneven well-worn path, he decided it was better to keep his attention on the right. He did so and immediately tripped over, falling to the ground on all fours, crying out as he did.  
 A shrill noise to his left froze him to the spot. Above him a branch snapped. He saw it fall to his right, to become another mark on the field. Next, he heard an unmistakable quick flapping and upon looking up saw an owl. He relaxed a little, to himself said, ‘come on Sebastian get a grip, it’s just an owl they don’t eat humans.’ 
 His left hand was sticky when he pulled it from the ground. A quick sniff told him why, “Ah shit!” Close to gagging he tore a handful of grass from his right and franticly scrubbed his left. He swore he could hear the owl laughing and wondered if this was such a good idea after all.   
 By the time he arrived at the wide track it was close to eleven. The moon had shifted east, the pockets of clouds seemed to have thickened, and so the light had all but gone. He leaned on a thick tree at the side of the track and relaxed. It had been warm walking up the track but the beads of sweat trickling down his back caused him to shiver. He fastened his coat before tucking his hands deep inside the coat pockets and was surprised when he felt something there. With his left hand, he pulled out the two items and smiled. A joint and a packet of matches, like the ones you get in hotels. He had forgotten all about them. “Ed you’re always looking out for me aren’t you. You could have put a torch in for me though, now that would have been special.” He quickly surmised that it wouldn’t be good to go home half stoned, once every now and again was enough and so he threw them to the floor, put his hands back in his pockets and began to walk down the main farm track toward the road, leaving the wood behind. 
 Before long he noticed in the distance something catching the moons light, where it broke through the clouds. It was a car parked midway on the track, roughly two hundred yards from him. It must be a couple in there he thought and giggled, as memories of his youth came flooding back with names like ‘lovers lane.’ It has to be a couple in there he thought again, finding their own piece of privacy. Without realising he was doing it, he picked up his pace. Then, when he did, stole himself, ‘hang on what are you doing, if they hear me coming up behind them what will they think? That I am some kind of sad old pervert trying to get a view of the action, of some bare flesh, which incidentally is exactly what I am doing. You sad fool! Then I will no doubt end up in another row. Knowing my luck it would end up being Adam…’ then laughing thought, with Joseph! His mind had an internal debate, Stay. Go. Stay. Go. He called a halt before his brain exploded and decided he had no choice but to wait, after all it could not take that long. Therefore, somewhat reluctantly, he turned, walked back up the track to the wood, and placed his back in the most comfortable piece of the tree he could find. From here, if he really stretched his neck he could just make out the rooftop of the car. ‘I’ll give them ten minutes, if they’re still at it by then, well it’s tough, I’ll just explain that I didn’t realise he was some kind of super stud and that maybe he should get an illuminated car sticker denoting the fact!’ 
 It was getting cooler. He drew up his shoulders looking down as he did. Below him, nestled amongst broken sticks, rotting leaves and defiant weeds, lay the joint. He hadn’t realised he was back in the same spot. He looked at it for a while, then craning his neck saw that the car was still there. He looked down at the joint again, for an alarming second could not see it, but it was just his eyes adjusting to the murky darkness. It called out to him ‘smoke me, smoke me.’ 
 He lifted a foot and brought it down on the joint. Then a moment later removed it. The joint was still there, just a little more snug. The voices in his head argued again; ‘what the hell,’ he said, then leaning over, eased it from its nest, dusted it down, removed the matches, lit it and took a long pull. He coughed smoke into the night air and cursed, the cautious voice in his head chided, ‘told you.’ He ignored it, swallowed, and took another pull, though not such a long one, and slowly the drug took effect. 
 His mind drifted back to conversations in the pub, in particular with Larry, ‘your shadow is your only friend,’ he had drawled in his Liverpool accent. ‘What was that all about? Wasn’t he a friend? And Steve, he was definitely becoming a friend. He craned his neck; it took more effort but the car was still there. He took another pull from the joint, a vision of the Spill Work Rattle appeared, then faded as he remembered what Larry had said about people living by a different set of rules. 
 Spill work rattle, Steve, no crime: a different set of rules.
 Suddenly Sebastian was sure that he is standing on the edge of something; something like a huge glass window, but it’s dirty, he cannot see in yet. Instinctively though he knows that if he is patient and allows each day to go by, he will be able to rub at it, clean it, be able to see more. And ultimately be able to piece it together. He just needed to be patient. 
 He took another pull from the joint and wondered for the second time whether Ed had found out any more information about the spill work rattle. He craned his neck. The car was still there. He thought back to Larry’s words of wisdom and said, in the scariest voice he could imagine, ‘your shadow is your only friend’. He burst out laughing, for a while he was unable to stop.
 When his laughter finally subsided and he was able to pull himself together Sebastian determined that something was very wrong. It took just a moment to realise that without looking, without moving, off to his left, further up the track and further into the wood on the opposite side, there was someone watching him. 
 Someone is watching me!
 From the corner of his eye he was just able to make it out. The figure was almost consumed by the darkness, almost blending with it. Doubting himself, Sebastian shifted his eyes to the left. 
 There! There was no doubt about it now. No.
 Sebastian unconsciously halted his breathing. His heartbeat increased at an alarming rate. 
 The figure was tall, over six feet and dressed in black. Sebastian’s reaction was to run, sod the lovers in the car, but he couldn’t. His legs would not work. The communication line was broken or disturbed. 
 Eventually the figure slowly shifted, peeled itself from the black sheet of the wood and slowly like a dark apparition drifted towards him. 
 Weakly Sebastian stammered, “what do you want?” his voice barely managed to break the stillness of the night. 
 The reply, when it came, floated toward him on a pocket of cool air, “An answer to a niggling curiosity, what do we have here?” 
 The figure edged ever closer. “Is that the newcomer to the hill I see, hiding in the wood like a small and scared rodent, so far from home?” 
 By the time the figure spoke again, he was no more than ten foot away. He loudly sniffed in the air, “and smoking an illegal substance. Now what would the locals say? What would they think? Scum up from the city, bringing their filthy rotten drugs. More importantly I think, what would that beautiful wife of yours say?”   
 The figure edged closer, facial features, and the amusement there becoming evident. “I’d hazard a guess judging by the look on your face Mr. Alton that she wouldn’t be too impressed. I think she’d tear out your weakly beating heart and feed it to that cat she loves so much. Better, she’d have you hung drawn and quartered.” He pointed a long black finger toward Sebastian’s chest. “We’d need plenty of the sticky stuff to put you back together again. Humpty dumpty they’d call you.” He laughed and crossed his arms. 
 Sebastian took note of his gloved hands before looking up into the face of the vet, Gary Franklin.  
 Sebastian’s anger was evident in the way his hands were shaking. He could not reply. For now he had nothing to add. His mind was a wild dog, the lead snapped. The drug was in his head slowing things that should be fast, speeding things that should be slow. His reactions slow motion reflections. 
 “She really doesn’t know does she?” Gary Franklin continued, “she has no idea that her goody two shoes husband is out in the woods smoking cannabis.” He sucked at the air like the world was running out of the stuff. Sebastian hoped that some of the smoke would fill his lungs. “Have to say, if she didn’t kill you she’d throw you out. I’m right aren’t I?” 
 Sebastian’s mind tried in vain to think, not to panic. However, thoughts of what Jade would do span around. Everything Gary said visualised itself. He could see Jade, her teeth bared like Adam’s had been earlier, screaming her rage at him. And she’d be right too. His mind was a shrinking cage, aching at the bars. 
 Yet somewhere on the edge of these visions, on the edge of panic was something else. It tapped and scratched at the window of his mind, begging to be let in. Every time Sebastian heard Gary sharply suck the air, the buried memory threatened to smash the glass.  
 “Perhaps she’s thrown you out already. Is that why you’re here, nowhere else to go? You could come and stay with me. I’ve a little room left at the inn. I’d guess that she’s fairly annoyed with you anyway judging by the way you looked after her little Harry. I mean, what were you thinking you silly man.”
 Enough was enough. Sebastian sprang from the tree, his arms at his sides bunched into tight fists. Gary took a backward step, but quickly regained confidence as he saw how he towered over Sebastian. 
 Sebastian noticed it too along with the long black coat, which seemed to lend size to his tallness. He relaxed his hands, stepped back and chose to gather his thoughts before speaking. He took a long deep calming breath. “Mr Franklin, let me ask you something.”
 “Oh please Sebastian call me Gary. All my friends call me Gary. Believe me after tonight we will be the best of friends. I guarantee it.”
 Larry’s drawling words of caution span around Sebastian’s head. 
 Your shadow is your only friend.  
 “Mr. Franklin why are you dressed up like a vampire. Look at you in your long black coat, black gloves. On a warm night like this, and here in the middle of these woods, what have you been up to?” As Gary Franklin looked down the track, through the heart of the wood, toward the other side of the hill, Sebastian noticed a bag on his shoulder, also black, but chose to ignore it for the moment.
 For a short while Gary was silent. He took a long suck of air. “I’m just out for a walk. As you so rightly pointed out it is a warm evening. The game and the smoke in the pub gave me a headache.”
 Sebastian sniggered. An alarm bell rang. If it weren’t for Gary’s previous comments sounding more like threats he would have left it there. 
 He had to get the upper hand. “Oh, common Gary, we’re all friends here. You said so yourself. Am I really supposed to believe that you left the pub, drove down to Bishops Gate, got changed and came back up here for a walk?”
Gary was clearly agitated, “No, of course not,” he spat, “that was silly of me!”
 “Truth then?” Sebastian chided. 
 “Can I trust you?”
 “Of course you can Gary.” I may get away with this yet, Sebastian thought as his confidence slowly grew. In his mind Jade had ceased screaming and was standing at the door her arms wide in welcome.  
 “You see Sebastian,” Gary began his feet shuffling against the dead leaves. “Well the thing is, I’ve being courting a lady occasionally. She lives on the other side of the woods. She’s a very caring lady and I think, well I think I may be in love with her, if there is such a thing.”
 “Well I’m very happy for you,” said Sebastian, really I am. “Tell me, is she a vampire?”
 “Of course not! But she is married, to a horrible man. He mistreats her and beats her; he almost keeps her locked up in that place. It is like a prison. It’s very, very unfortunate. He allows her to do the shopping but that is all. I believe she loves me as I love her but what can we do. What can she do? If she stays he will continue to mistreat her, if she leaves he will track her down and probably kill her.”
 “So Gary, if this man mistreats her so much and keeps her locked up in the house how did you meet her?” 
 “They have a dog.”
 “A dog?”
 “Yes, he was ill. Her husband, that wicked fiend, called me out.” Sebastian was finding this all hard to believe. It was sounding like a children’s fairy story especially by the way Gary’s voice was becoming more and more child like.
 “So, Mr prince charming, what’s with the bag?”
 “Excuse me?”
 “The bag you’re carrying on your shoulder, what’s the reason for that. Obviously you’re not staying the night. I’m not sure that fiend would approve.”
 “No of course not; the bag well it’s got an empty bottle of wine and two glasses. We cannot take any chances. He could go through the rubbish, anything.” Gary stepped to the side of Sebastian and started to walk down the track. 
 “Was he there tonight, at the pub?”
 Gary stopped, waited a moment and said, “Yes, you were talking to him.” 
 “Adam?” It had to be. 
 “Well I must get going, I’ve a busy day tomorrow, lots of little furry animals to see to. Perhaps we can keep this a secret, you and me being here. I mean you wouldn’t want Jade to know about your drug habit just as I wouldn’t want anyone to know of my unfortunate love.” As he spoke, he had turned to face Sebastian an almost pleading look to his normally hard features. 
 “What do you think Sebastian, a deal between old acquaintances?”
 Sebastian stared at Gary, he’s mad, old acquaintances, we only met the other day. But Sebastian had tired of the conversation and so agreed, “yeah, it’s a deal, whatever you say. Mind you, the state of our relationship at the moment I don’t think she would really give a damn.” Although this was not entirely true, Sebastian needed to maintain the upper hand. “If you’re walking that way, be careful, there’s a car parked on the track, I think it’s a couple wanting a little privacy.”
 Gary looked down the track, “you mean the silver Audi?”
 Sebastian nodded. 
 “It’s mine. I have to park it somewhere.”
 Sebastian could have kicked himself, knowing he could have been home by now, none of this would have happened. 
“Care to walk with me?” Gary asked.
No Sebastian thought, I don’t care to walk with you. I don’t care to ever see you again. “Yeah, sure,” he said.
 As they neared the car Gary removed his gloves and placed them in his pockets. “You don’t like me very much do you?” 
 Before Sebastian could reply, Gary took out his keys and unlocked the driver’s door. He opened it and said, “it’s a shame really, although I should have expected it. Nevertheless, I had hoped we could be better friends than before.”
 Sebastian felt like he was listening to an alien. He wasn’t making any sense. 
 Before Sebastian could speak Gary said, “goodnight Sebastian, sweet dreams” and closed the door.
As Sebastian stood there, the engine roared into life, and Gary quickly drove down the track leaving Sebastian inhaling dust and exhaust fumes. 


Chapter twenty three
Back to school


The house was quiet when he entered, the lights turned off and the curtains drawn: soulless. It was warm though, the heating being left on. He wandered around the living room gazing sadly at the lifeless furniture. Was this what they had become, this mishmash of ornaments from separate lives. He shuddered, he felt like an intruder in his own home. It was not until he switched the kitchen light on and saw Harry asleep in the corner on a large cushion that he relaxed a little. Taking a glass from a cupboard, he ran the cold-water tap, and thirstily gulped down two glassfuls. Harry ignored him the whole time as though he was not there, perhaps, as though he was a piece of the furniture. 
 He undressed in the spare room and smelled his clothes; they were sweaty and smoky. He decided to take a shower and afterwards felt cleaner, fresher, and a little more clear-headed. The effects of the joint washed away.  
 He stole a look at his naked form in the mirror. Although he was still in good shape, he saw he was beginning to lose his muscularity. Smooth curves ran where once were angular strikes. His belly was softening too, the outline of his ribcage more a shadow. Before they moved to Mowen Hill, he had religiously ran four mornings a week and in the evenings before a shower and bed, counted out up to one hundred press-ups and twice as many sit-ups. Next week, he vowed, he would start again and spend less time at the pub. 
 He walked into the bedroom and keeping the door open with the hall light on watched the sleeping figure of his wife. The light from the hallway fell in a thick line across her nakedness. He leaned on the doorframe and rested his head. The image was like a perfect painting of the female form. How can I put things right, how can I bring us back together again. 
 ‘I love you,’ he whispered. She stirred, rolled over, and still asleep pulled the covers over her body. 
 Sebastian sighed, closed the door; closed out the light and climbed into bed beside her. For a few minutes, he lay on his side facing her back, wanting to, but feeling he could not wrap his arms around her body and hold her close. Instead, he lightly stroked her shoulder and kissed her there before turning over and closing his tired eyes. 
 Thoughts of the day inevitably crept in, of the events in the pub, the walk up the hillside by the woods, the conversation with Gary Franklin and of Jades beautiful body. 
 Mentally he fought to hold onto the last one, desperate to fall asleep to something pleasant. 
 His breathing steadily slowed and deepened. They had both turned over, her naked body clearly visible. She had pulled her black silky hair tightly away from her face and was smiling at him, dark eyes sparkling like sapphires. 
 She held out her arm to him, he took her slim wrist in his hand but it slipped away, fingers softly brushing his palm. Her smile faltered slightly. She held out her arm again, more firmly. Again he reached for it and again it slipped away. The sparkling sapphires in her eyes faded becoming nothing more than dirty black coal. Her lips pinched, the light she radiated dimmed. 
 When it came back again Larry was lying in her place, puffing away on a huge cigarette. The smoke was filling the room. “Remember,” he said. 
 Sebastian, irritated, cut him off, “yeah I know, my shadow is my only friend. So what are you doing sleeping in my bed?” 
 Larry became a cuddly bear and in a deep voice said, “are you having a laugh?” 
 “No Larry, I’m not having a laugh… I don’t know what I’m having.”
 Larry was replaced by Anthony who was wearing a barrister’s wig. “I’ll be the judge of that,” he said sternly. 
 “I’m sorry, what…?”
 Beyond Anthony, Sebastian could see Joseph, arm in sling standing giggling in one corner of the room, while Adam, at the foot of the bed shouted, “he understands nothing, someone needs to teach the foreigner a lesson!”
 Sebastian rolled over, pulled the covers tightly around his neck and over his face desperate for them to leave him alone. Somebody was coming towards him, he could not see who, it was too dark. Then Adam was leaning over him, lips drawn back revealing long sharp fang like teeth. He wore a thick black blazer and pinned to it was a roughly cut cardboard badge, coloured pink in felt tip. It said ‘Adam The Perfect Prefect.’
 Adam screeched at him: “Get to class foreigner!”  
 Sebastian pushed open a heavy wooden door. A sign toward the top read Biology. He walked through. A teacher was stood behind a wide desk writing something on a blackboard in white dusty chalk, long words Sebastian’s young mind failed to make sense of, the message they relayed unimportant, unnecessary. 
 He was sad. He missed home, missed his friends but most of all he missed his father. And because his father was dead, he had to endure the unavoidable pressure a new school put you under. It simply was not fair! 
 The only other pupil in the room was a young dark haired boy who looked up at him as the door closed behind. 
 “You can sit next to me,” he said, the voice whispering in his ear though the boy was far away.
 A feeling of unease swept within him, he searched around the sparse classroom, and walked toward the boy on protesting legs; what choice did he have there were no other chairs. He sat next to him and tucked his legs beneath the desk. 
 “Hello,” said the boy.
 “Hello,” said Sebastian. On the desk, sprawled, lay a dead frog. Its once powerful hind legs were stretched taut, the webbed feet pinned to the desk with large silver nails. The shorter forelegs were similarly stretched; the only difference being that one webbed foot had been placed over the other with just one rusty nail driven through them both. If it were a vertical pole instead of desk he was pinned to, the frog would have appeared crucified.
 The dark haired boy followed Sebastian’s eyes and quietly said, “I only had two silver nails left, I used the others the teacher gave me elsewhere.”
 “Where?” Sebastian asked. 
 “Oh, they’ve all gone now, all run away.”
 Sebastian nodded, distracted by the spit flying from the boys mouth and landing on the desk. He quickly checked himself over. Good he thought none on me. 
 The boy swung a spear-like shiny scalpel in front of Sebastian, a huge grin spreading across his face. Wincing and ducking Sebastian tried to return the smile. 
 “It’s good that we know each other,” the boy said, “I hate it when someone new comes in and you don’t know them. We’ve known each other for ages haven’t we.” 
This time the spit found Sebastian, a large pool sat on his shirtsleeve for a moment before being absorbed into the fabric. It was hot on his flesh. 
 “Have we?” However somehow he knew they had. He leaned back on his chair trying to avoid the scalpel, the spit, undecided as to which was worse. 
 “I’ve so being looking forward to today.” The boy almost sang the words.
 “Why?”
 “Silly,” he sang as he jumped up and down on his chair. “Today we get to dissect Freddie the frog.” The blade swung passed Sebastian’s blinking eyes. 
 “Poor, poor frog.” With his free hand, the boy stroked his fingers across the slimy smooth skin. His fingertips were bright green when he pulled them away. He licked them and smiled. “Umm, tasty.” He repeated the procedure, this time for Sebastian’s benefit, “would you like some?” he asked holding his green dripping fingers toward Sebastian’s face. 
 Sebastian pushed his neck back as far as was possible, “no.” 
Either the boy did not hear or chose instead to simply ignore the reply and pushed his hand into Sebastian’s mouth, “NO!” Sebastian shouted. 
 The teacher whirled round, he wore a flat-cap, and had soft tired eyes. Without a sound, he stormed over to the desk, placed a hand on either side of it, and rocked it slightly. “Oh dear,” he said, “this is not right.” He pulled a soaking beer mat from his pocket, neatly folded it and bending down placed it under one of the legs, then he tested the table again. “Now where were we, oh yes, don’t joke around you boy’s. If we can get this done quickly we can have a game of Don. How would you like that?” And looking at the dark haired boy said, “and I’d rather you didn’t put the green juice in Sebastian’s mouth, it’s an acquired taste.”
 The boy whipped his hand away and placed it gently on the frog. “Sorry”. It came out more like, “ssshooriee”. 
 Sebastian watched as the teacher walked back to the chalkboard and with the chalk, he drew a line down the centre. To the left he wrote Sebastian, to the right another name he failed to read. The door to the classroom creaked and slowly opened. Looking up Sebastian groaned on seeing it was Gary Franklin. The door closed behind. 
 “Wow, would you look at him,” said the boy, overawed. “He looks like a film star. I want to be like him when I grow up.” 
 All Sebastian could say was, “well you do look like him.”
 Suddenly Gary Franklin was stood, unmoving, directly in front of the desk. He did not seem real, more like a cardboard cutout.
 The boy swung the arm holding the scalpel high above him into the air. Sebastian watched it go higher and higher toward a beautiful red sky. The boy flicked his wrist, spinning the blade round to face downwards, and in a high pitched voice cried, “I’m going in, let’s see if we can save this poor unfortunate soul.” The blade came down lighting fast, piercing the frogs back and thudding to a stop into the wood of the desk. 
 “What are you doing?” Sebastian cried.
 The cardboard cutout put a hand to his mouth, “Shush, he’s learning his trade.”
 “Well first I’m going to slice here,” the blade cut across the frog towards its head. “Next I’m going to chop here, here, here and here.” As he said the words, the blade cut through each of the legs, blood squirting across the table in four sweeping arcs.
 Disgusted, Sebastian said, “That wasn’t what I meant.” 
 “Oh Sebastian you look so sad, so bothered. Please try not to worry this is the magic part. Watch!” From inside the desk the boy removed a tube of glue, two rolls of tape and a pair of scissors. He put the blood smeared scalpel into his pocket smiled at Sebastian, and for the next few minutes set to work on putting the frog back together again. “This is the fun part, the part I enjoy.” As the boy worked the cardboard cutout of Gary Franklin nodded in approval, “yes, the part I enjoy.”
 Sadly Sebastian looked at the sorry state of the frog, it was all taped up on the desk and hardly recognisable any more.  
 “Watch,” said the boy as with the blunt end of the scalpel he tapped the back of the frog. 
 After a short silent moment the fog croaked, moved his head from left to right, and suddenly leaped from the table. The boy clapped and whooped, “it works, it works”.
 The cardboard cutout took on normality and clapping his hands together said, “well done.” 
 The boy glanced up and said, “Can I be you now”? 
 Gary shook his head, “not just yet, you’ve still a lot to learn.”
 The boy scowled, removed the scalpel, flashed it an inch in front of Sebastian’s face, and angrily said, “then I shall do the same to you, show you all how good I am!” 
 Before Sebastian could reply or move, the boy swung the blade high once more, flicked his wrist and brought it crashing down into Sebastian’s wrist. He screamed. 
 The teacher flew towards them. Gary, smiling moved to the left. Reaching the desk, the teacher appeared to be about to say something, though on placing his hands on the desk he faltered, distracted. “How,” he shouted, “am I supposed to do my job properly if we can’t have normal tables?”
 Gary held out a hand to the boy and said, “it’s time to go.” Together, hand in hand they ran, almost skipping, from the classroom chanting, “here Freddie, here Freddie.” The classroom door closed behind them.
 Beyond the glass in the door, Sebastian could see the head of a boy with blond curly hair. He was jumping up and down trying to get his attention.
 Sebastian had to get to the boy. He rose from the chair. It fell behind him. He was unable to move any further; his wrist was still pinned to the desk. With the memory came pain; with the pain came tears, red where they caught the colour of the sky.
 “Get that stupid scalpel from your wrist,” the teacher shouted. Before he could, the teacher removed it for him. 
 Sebastian ran from the room straight into Adam, the perfect prefect. He swung a fist into Sebastian’s startled face and everything faded to black. 

 His sorrowful cries had woken Jade, disturbed her from her dreaming. She moved his arm where it rested on her hip, inched herself away from him and turned over. Before going back to her world, in a drowsy voice, she said, “keep your nightmares to yourself Seb!” 


Chapter twenty four
Forgotten dreams and a finished cake


Sebastian woke before the alarm was able to perform its only task. His body, hair, the sheets and the pillow were soaked with his sweat. He sucked air into his dry, parched throat, tried to swallow. He almost choked. ‘Oh God, what was it,’ he demanded from himself. ‘Come on man, don’t forget, for God’s sake don’t let it go!’
 Strands of the dream floated away from him. Like seaweed, they slipped frustratingly through the fingertips of his confused mind. For a scant second he was able to hold onto one. He squeezed it; pulled it close. He saw the strand had Adam’s name on scrawled on it, with the ideation, ‘I should kill him!’ Beyond that, nothing: a dead sea. 
 Broken, he discarded it and watched it sink, knowing that was not the important part. He swam to the oceans depths in search of something more solid. Nothing! So he tried a different tact. He lay still in the depths and thought about work, about what would need to be done today, hoping that the strands would flow his way again; flow close enough for him to grab one. It sometimes worked. Sometimes.
 He drifted slowly back and forth. Strands were all around him now, they brushed his skin, some drifted through his open fingers. He let them. It didn’t seem so important now. 
Nothing seemed important now. Thoughts of work became strands of weed and mixed with others.
Lying on the warm ocean bed, his head against a soft coral, reluctantly, he began to dream again. 
 He was sat on a rowing boat in the middle of a lake. He had let his right hand fall into the calm, and clear water. It was tepid, like the bathwater his mother had left him soaking in when he was a child, her heated discussions with strangers on the phone causing her to lose track of time. His reflection smiled up at him, informing him he was happy. Opposite, perched on the far end of the boat, sat his father. He was looking at a dome shaped object in-between them. It was covered with a dark red blanket. 
 The two of them were heading toward an island in the lakes centre, where colourful birds circled on warm thermals high above tropical trees. Every few seconds Sebastian could see coconuts falling into the sand, creating a dull sound: thud…thud…thud. 
 A boy stood on the golden sand at the waters edge waving. Sebastian grinning waved back, ‘hello again,’ he mouthed before turning to face his father, who spoke softly to him, “let it go now son, just let it go, by my reckoning it will all come as clear as this water when its good and ready to. I’m taking you to see your boy.”
 Sebastian failed to understand the significance. Frustrated he looked for something to let go. Before long he realised his hand in the water was gripping a thick rope. 
He let it go. 
The rope skimmed through his fingers, he felt the anchor thump into the bottom of the lake. The boat tipped sideways threatening to go over. Hot water splashed across Sebastians face. His father fell forward onto him, covered in thick sticky blood, dead before he landed. 
 The object in the centre of the boat was unaffected save for the blanket, which had fallen to one side. Underneath was the spill work rattle. Sebastian pushed himself away from it and kicked it but it refused to budge. 
 On the island the boy had stopped waving and was walking head down back toward the line of trees. Above him the birds lost their colour and fell from the sky like dead weights. The water surrounding the lake began to bubble and fizz. The island began to sink. Soon all that was left was Sebastian’s popping reflection. It tried to smile, almost succeeded, but a tear fell from Sebastian, causing huge ripples, smudging the image.  
 The alarm noisily bleeped by his ear. Too hard, he pressed the snooze button. ‘Damn, that wasn’t it!’
 The last of the strands drifted away, deeper into the ocean, where he was unable to go. No light, too much pressure. He relaxed and let them go. 
 Five restful minutes passed before the alarm sounded for the second time. He slapped it with the flat of his hand, then, wide-eyed and looking regretfully at it said, ‘I’m sorry, I forgot, you are an inanimate object, it is not your fault you do what you do.’ He stared into space, then looking at the alarm clock again, quietly said, “though the problem I now have is this: if you are inanimate then why am I talking to you and apologising to you. In fact, why am I having this conversation? It’s because I’m going bloody mad.”
 For the first time he noticed the time, “Five o’clock! How the bloody hell’s that happened?” His whispering was like silent screaming: hyperbolic animation without the volume. He had set the alarm two hours too early!
 Alarmed himself, he craned his neck toward Jade. Thankfully she had not stirred. Staring back at the ceiling, pale and blank, a reflection of his mind, an idea formed. It was spawned from the seed planted the previous evening. 
 He leapt from the bed, ran into the spare-room and pulled from the wardrobe one of his old running tops, a pair of shorts, and after delving in the overcrowded base found his battered though trusted trainers. He dressed, washed the sleep from his eyes with freezing cold water, and after a glass of the same, gave Harry a quick fuss; who responded by having an impossibly large yawn. 
 Within five minutes of the alarm sounding, Sebastian left the house. He jogged toward the top of the lane, where he turned right. Shortly after, he turned left. Within two minutes he was stretching out, taking longer strides, and running on a road shadowed by the outcrop of craggy rocks marking the pinnacle of Mowen Hill. 
 He ran in relative silence, the only sounds, the soft slapping of his trainers on tarmac and his steady breathing. 
 To his right, the beginnings of a multitude of paths leading up-to and beyond the rocks, to his left, far below, lay the plain. Streetlights twinkled in the shadow of the hill. It was still nighttime down there, sleepy and still. 
 After a little while he picked up a rocky path and made his way toward the top of the rocks. At the top, by an old folly, breathing hard, he stopped and span around and around almost making himself dizzy. He was at the highest point, almost 1100 ft above sea level. For miles around he had 360-degree vision. He felt alive, for the first time in months he felt truly alive. To his right, beyond the peak district, he could see the first effects of the rising sun, throwing colour and depth onto all it touched. 
 He found a path and ran that way, desperate to have some of the warmth fall on his skin. A crow took flight and circled high above, calling out to others, warning them possibly of his presence. He paid it no heed and soon was on the east side of the rocks on a lower sandier path. The sun finally broke over the peaks warming his skin, marking the beginnings of a new day. Yes! He thought, the beginning of a new day a better life. He ran on feeling as though he could run forever. 
 Nevertheless, he had a job to go to and so at six thirty he turned and made his way back the way he had come. 
 By seven, he was back at the house. By seven forty five, he had showered, dressed, fed Harry, and himself and was ready to leave for work. Before he left the house for the second time that morning he tip toed back into the bedroom and kissed Jade on her cheek. She stirred and seemed to say something. The only words he was able to make out were ‘sleeve gate’. Strange he thought, sleeve gate. Then quickly supposed the ‘s’ was a sleepy sound and she was dreaming about not leaving the gate open. Although they hadn’t got a gate he silently promised to make sure make sure he locked the door. 
 He softly told her he loved her, before closing the bedroom door, and leaving the house, wondering if it would be too ambitious of him to run to work every now and then. The idea was discounted as quickly as it had formed for various reasons. The main one being that by the time he arrived at work he would stink! In addition, the company would never agree to a shower being installed.
 As he drove down the lane more careful than of late since he was earlier and so more relaxed, less rushed, an image of a croaking frog leaping down the lane ahead of him came from nowhere. A silly thought again discounted immediately. After all, he had better things to think about than frogs. Though every now and then throughout the course of the day, that image of the frog, leaping ahead of him, just would not leave him be. In the evening, on his way home from work, Sebastian had stopped off for petrol. He had seen in the shop an apple scented air freshener. It was pale green and in the shape of a frog. By the time Sebastian had hung it on his rear-view mirror, he had a name for it: ‘Freddie.’ 
 Freddie the frog. 
 Jade was awake by the time Sebastian was on the other side of the hill. Accompanied by a sleepy daze, she wandered for a short time throughout the house searching for him, or a least a trace of him. Anything to suggest he had shared the same bed the previous night. 
 Then, as she opened the curtains in the lounge, she recalled him disturbing her sleep. It was a pleasant dream too, though she could not quite recall it. She scowled but when she reached the kitchen relaxed a little, her thoughts taking on an altogether new direction as she saw her latest accomplishment where it lay packaged within a cream coloured cardboard box: Mrs. Wilkes granddaughters birthday cake. Jades next task, to have the cake delivered today to Mrs. Wilkes at her home. A promise she could not and would not break. Yesterday, she had planned to ask Sebastian to drive her there before going to work, but as usual, he had not been around. So she was praying it was going to be a suitable day for the walk she was going to have to do. On looking outside, she was more than relieved to see that her prayers had been answered. The sky was a clear pale blue, the sun, though still low, already burning the dew from the garden. 
 From one of the cupboards, she removed from a seemingly inexhaustible supply, a can of cat food ‘lamb cuts in gravy’ one of Harry’s favourites. Harry was nowhere to be seen. She called for him and waited. No banging on the cat-flap, no scratching on the carpet. Strange. Taking a can-opener from a drawer, she imagined he would soon come running when he caught the smell. She opened the can and waited. Nothing. Inevitably, she began to worry. She walked over to the back door and bent down to pick up the bowl. Strange, she thought again, ‘there is still…’ She marched to the bin and flicked it open. Inside, at the top, was an empty can, also lamb cuts with gravy. Harry had already been fed! ‘Why the hell had he done that’? Her worry turned to fury. ‘Sebastian never feeds the cat, that is my job!’ She was pacing around the kitchen as she complained, her temper quickly rising. She raised the hand carrying the can-opener. She screamed, loud enough for the passing Postman to hear, though this was unlikely to be her intent, ‘He knows I like to see Harry in the morning!’ Next thing she knew, the implement had been hurled across the kitchen, hit and split a tile above the sink, bounced twice before finally coming to rest with a thud on the cream coloured box. 
 ‘Oh no!’ She ran to the box. Nevertheless, after checking she found the cake was fine although the box was a little creased. With her hands either side of the cake she leaned over it, took a deep breath, and searched for calm. ‘What is wrong with me?’ 
The cat flap opened, Harry ran in, and before Jade could turn, wrapped himself around her leg. She leant down, picked him up and hugged him tightly. 
 Her temper diminished, she placed him back on the floor, and got back to the matter in hand. She would need something to put the box in if she was going to walk to the other side of the hill. A quick look in the spare room and the problem was solved: Sebastian’s rucksack, it was just about big enough. 
 By ten am, Jade was walking on the farmers track, which, unbeknown to her was the same one on that Sebastian and Gary Franklin had walked and talked the previous evening. The weight of the rucksack was beginning to pull on her shoulders but she knew she was almost halfway.
 Although she wouldn’t possibly know it, Jade was having similar thoughts to the ones Sebastian had had the previous evening though hers were, if anything more solid, more specific and so more disturbing. It was all too apparent to her now that since she had walked these paths with Sebastian, they now stepped on different ones and walked in opposite directions. Sebastian was less relaxed than ever before. In fact he was more relaxed at their previous home in the city. He was constantly pre-occupied and quiet. Growing up with all the problems they had endured they were always together. Now though all of a sudden, almost overnight in fact, something, some essential ingredient to their relationship was missing. She could not wholly blame him; although it was clearly Sebastian who had awakened her previously dormant temper. It was also Sebastian who seemed to be spending most evenings either at work or that damn pub so desperate was he to fit in, where she was just happy to be up here and fit in at whatever pace the village dictated. Perhaps that was the problem she thought, perhaps he was missing the city. Well, she thought, he had better sort himself out before….
 Just before the point where the track led into the woods, she checked herself. At one end of the scale, she felt reasonable with her thoughts, at the opposite end, very selfish. It was all becoming so very complicated, and for the first time she wondered how Sebastian was feeling. 
 The weight of the rucksack on her shoulders was nothing to this. Uninvited, a fragment of the dream presented itself to her. She tried to shake it off but it followed her into the wood. The farmer Steve Gates, his strong arms wrapped around her.  
 Once in the wood it was cooler, below the thick canopy of trees. She stepped up her pace a little, almost half way. Her mood lifted and as she passed by a thick old tree, she dropped her worries there. If she needed them later, for reference, she could always come and get them. 
 Suddenly she felt a stabbing pain beneath her foot and almost tripped. Slowly she limped back to the tree, it seemed the most comfortable around, and removed her rucksack. Leaning against the smooth wood she took off a sandal and saw a small jagged stone fall out. It landed on the floor next to something alien amongst the rotting foliage. If she had followed the stones fall, she would have seen the stub of Sebastian’s joint. 
 Oh, how time can change so much, here was Jade, resembling an adult red riding hood figuratively skipping through the woods to grandma’s house. Less than twelve hours before, here had stood her stoned husband conversing with the slightly disturbing Gary Franklin. If fate could have intervened and removed those hours maybe they would have leaned on this tree together, maybe they could have talked, and remembered the love they had. Maybe, the future problems they were about to face would be dealt with easier.  
 Fifteen minutes later, Jade knocked on the door of number twelve high-view. She politely stood back, away from the step and patiently waited. The bungalow was set back from the lane and had a well-tended garden. Delicate trees lined part of its boundary toward the front. She wondered if they were the apple trees Steve Gates had spoken of. One of the borders adjacent to a freshly mowed lawn was full of sweet smelling colourful roses, deep reds, and pinks. Not a weed in sight. The smell was heavenly, clean and pure. In the drive she noticed two parked cars. She had passed another at the head of the drive, a large silver one. It seemed vaguely familiar. She determined Mrs. Wilkes had visitors and so hoped she would not be intruding. Where had she seen that silver car before? Normally she paid little or no attention to cars, she saw them as an unnecessary status symbol, a metallic materialistic drain on the finances. Lately though she was beginning to see the advantage of having a car, which was more economical, safer. And so was Sebastian. What had he said at the vets? Something about anti-lock brakes. That was it! It was like Gary Franklins car. She recounted the journey. Anti-lock brakes could have saved a lot of hassle. Maybe it would not be such a bad idea to invest in a better car, though where the money would come from she had no idea. Her thoughts trailed off. She knocked on the door again, and was almost knocked into an empty space as Steve Gates opened it. 

 The bookstore had been quiet for the first hour. Sebastian and Ed were stood talking at the front of the store ready to ensure that any customer daring to venture through the threshold would be made to feel welcome.  
 “I nearly got myself into a right mess last night,” said Sebastian looking out onto the high street at the lost potential walking by. 
 Ed was only half listening. He was watching Paula, had been watching Paula for the last five minutes. She was at the till point flicking through the pages of a new paperback, which she had taken from the top of a display. “She’s going to make that book a seconds, the way she’s going on!” Ed complained.
 Sebastian looked toward the till. Paula instantly noticed she had her boss’ attention and immediately put the book down on top of the pile. She adjusted the point of sale, picked up the duster she had been busy with previously and continued polishing the counter top.
 Ed faced Sebastian, “sorry, where’s the mess?” he asked. 
 “There isn’t a mess Ed. I said that I nearly got myself into a mess. Last-night.”  
 Ed was still scowling, “Oh, what happened?”
 “That present you so lovingly placed in my pocket the other night,” whispered Sebastian, “I threw it away…”
 Ed was quick to cut him off, “you threw it away!” he was distraught and wasn’t afraid to show it. He flapped his arms about, “do you know how much that stuff costs?” 
 “No, same price as a packet of fags isn’t it?” 
Ed could not be sure if he was being sarcastic or not.
 Sebastian continued, “well anyway, I did throw it away, but I changed my mind, picked the bugger up and smoked it, and what was worse, I was caught smoking it!”
 “Oh Christ man, what did she say?”
 “What?” A pause before Sebastian understood, “no Ed, Jade didn’t catch me. Gary Franklin did. I met him in the middle of the woods near our home. I thought he was the bloody bogeyman the way he was lurking in the shadows.” 
Ed squinted his eyes a little, “Seb, what the bloody hell were you doing in the woods at night?”
 “Long story, not enough time,” Sebastian quickly replied, keen to get to the point.
 “So who’s Gary Franklin then? For God’s sake don’t tell me he’s the local bobby.”
 “They don’t have a local bobby. They don’t need one apparently. No, he’s the local vet. Remember, the one I told you about?”
“Oh yeah the vet, he’s not a bad bloke though is he, I mean he sorted out your cat didn’t he.” 
Sebastian was lost for words. 
“I’m kidding Seb, I know what you think about him. I take it nothings changed.”
Sebastian shook his head, “no Ed, everything’s changed, and I’m beginning to wonder if it’s me. He was at the card game. Remember, the one I told you about?”
 Ed nodded. 
 “Well the vet was playing for the other team, naturally he was superb and everyone, including the landlord now thinks he’s fantastic.” 
 Ed was grinning, “so I take it you didn’t share it with him then.”
 “What?”
 “The joint. I take it you didn’t give him a puff.”
 “What do you think?”
 “Is that why you went into the woods Seb, to smoke a joint? You’d have been better off using your garage, the smoke kind of stays in one place so you get a longer high. It’s much better that way. Less scary too, and you know how paranoid you get after a few puffs of the wacky backy.”
 Sebastian was shaking his head.
 “So what were you doing in the woods Seb?”
 “Threatened to tell Jade he did. Anyway that’s not the question you should be asking.”
 “What’s not the question I should be asking?”
 “What I was doing in the woods.”
 “You reckon. Let me tell you something Seb. Last night I went to bed early. I had a good nights sleep. This morning I felt really good. But now, now my bloody heads threatening to crack right open!”
 Sebastian ignored him, “the question you should be asking is this, what the hell was Gary Franklin doing in the woods?”
 “I would have gotten to that.”  
 “Not quick enough.”
 “Well I’m very sorry for being too concerned about the present I made for you, and about your welfare.”
 “Are you going to ask or not.”
 “No.”
 “No?”
 “Ok. What was Gary Franklin doing in the woods?” 
As Sebastian began to recount his misfortunate meeting, Ed turned as he heard the rustling of carrier bags behind him. He yawned. Two customers, an elderly couple, were probably able to see every filling he had ever had. They looked disgusted. “I’m sorry about that,” said Ed, “It’s my boss, he’s trying to keep me entertained with one of his fascinating tales about forest’s, he’s spends a lot of time there apparently.”
The couple were not amused. They scowled at the pair of them and headed straight for the local history section. 
Sebastian watched them go before asking, “Ed, don’t suppose your friend has been able to decipher the puzzle yet has he?”
Ed watched the couple for a moment, wondering whether to ignore the question, and go and offer them some help. He stayed put, Sebastian would only ask again, he was unlikely to forget. Therefore, he quickly formulated the answer, the lie he knew he needed to tell Sebastian. If he told him what he had learned from his friend Warren then Sebastian wouldn’t leave it alone. He would pry and pry, his excitement growing, like a boy peeling off the countless wrappers of a present until he got to the prize. Only this wasn’t a prize he would want to keep. But by then, Ed figured, it would all be too late. No, Ed knew he had to lie. He looked into the eyes of his best friend; sure that this was only the beginning, coughed and soberly said, “No Seb, I’m sorry I’ve not heard a thing.” He sighed and looked back toward the door. He was shocked at who he saw. “What the…”


Chapter twenty five
Outside Mrs. Wilkes front door


Jade tried to suppress a laugh, her surprise. For a second she was overcome with an immense feeling of déjà vu. She cleared her throat and stammered, “hello”. The word felt inadequate. She felt silly.
 “Hello,” Steve replied, the word spoken crisp, and quick but also calm. She saw how his eyes sparkled where they caught the sun, piercing yet soft. Wise eyes, she thought. The doorframe seemed to shrink behind his powerful frame. She felt faint, the need to lean on something, to lean on, him.
 She inhaled, exhaled, her breath shaky, uneven, checked herself, and promptly recovering asked, “what are you doing here Mr. Gates?” then a timid laugh, like birdsong. “For a moment I thought I was at the wrong address”.
 Steve stepped forward, easing the door too behind him. Jade stepped back and to one side giving him more room, giving her more, time. He towered above her, fragments from a memory, the dream? screamed for her attention. 
 “Well,” he began, speaking carefully, quietly, seriously, his voice, the sound of distant thunder, powerful yet unthreatening, “The thing is, Mrs. Wilkes is…”
 Jade, unable to prevent herself from interrupting him, her voice shaky, urgent, asked, “What’s happened? Is Mrs. Wilkes all right?”
 Steve placed a hand on her shoulder. Her neck tingled, her spine became charged, the hairs on her neck stood to attention. Mrs. Wilkes misfortune, whatever it may be could wait a while. Stop it! her mind chastised. She managed to halt the shiver, still the feelings. 
 Steve, unaware of her discomfort continued, “Mrs. Wilkes is bearing up, but sadly she has had something of an upset.” 
 Hand to mouth Jade asked, “has somebody been hurt?”
 Steve removed his hand from her shoulder and ran it through his hair. Briefly he glanced at the crack in the door, beyond which Jade could hear the faint sound of sobbing. “It’s not somebody more something.” He paused, looked away, across the garden, toward the hedge. 
 Jades followed his line of sight. A blackbird perched beyond, unmoving, waiting. 
 Steve continued as though talking to himself, “it’s all very strange. Her dog, Smudge, he’s dead.”
 Jade realised she had her thumb to her mouth and was chewing her nail. She stopped, forced her hand to her side, searched Steve’s eyes, selfishly thought of Harry, then Steve’s dog, “Oh no, she must be devastated.” The rucksack felt heavy on her shoulder, she gently placed it on the floor.
 “Yes she is.” Steve pointed to the rucksack and said, “Is that the cake for her granddaughter?”
Jade nodded, tried to smile.
 “Well that may cheer her up a little.” He picked up the rucksack, pushed the door open, “come on lets go in”. Without waiting for a reply, he walked into the hallway. 
 Before following, Jade looked behind her, at the beautiful sky, felt the warm breeze on her face, and picked up the scents from the garden. As she stepped forward, the blackbird took flight. 
 Inside, the hallway was dim, a stark contrast. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust. When they finally did, another surprise greeted her: Gary Franklin. He was walking slowly down the corridor, carrying something in his arms. He stopped when he reached Steve. 


Chapter twenty six
back at the store


 “…hell are you doing back in here?”
She was stood in the doorway, one hand gripping her pram, the other holding a creased and grubby A5 envelope. Her baby, Katie, was fast asleep. For once, Sophie stayed quiet, nonchalant, she had the upper hand here, nothing to lose, no need to fight, better to wait and watch the show from the front row.
 Ed, face like weather worn granite, glared at Sebastian, then back toward the Sophie, then more specifically the creased A5 envelope she was holding. 
 With sadness, Sebastian saw the realisation flow over Ed’s face, washing away all kindness, all humour, and perhaps friendship. He felt the colour drain from his own face and felt nausea spread from the pit of his stomach to the tip of his throat. 
 “Seb,” Ed spoke through clenched teeth, “I thought you were kidding.” He shook his head as if to free it of an irritating wasp. “No, I knew you were kidding. In fact, I even mentioned it to the wife that night. Even she knew you were kidding, she said it was typical of your humour. Shit, if Joel could speak he’d back me up too. You left it like that didn’t you Seb.”
 Sebastian found he couldn’t look into Ed’s face. “Look Ed…”
 “Seb don’t bother trying to explain. Bloody Hell Seb what’s happened to you?”
 From the middle of the store, Paula was making her way toward them. The elderly couple who had been apparently upset at Ed’s behaviour earlier were stood together at the till, the man dictating, the woman nodding or occasionally shaking her head at the end of each of his proclamations. Even from this distance both Sebastian and Ed were, in their own minds, convinced this would be a serious customer service issue. As Paula approached, she sensed the tension. A quick look at Ed’s face discounted any doubt, he’ll tell me later.  
 Cautiously she said, “I’m dealing with some customers at the till,” they both quickly looked in that direction before giving her their full attention. 
 If things had of been normal right now thought Sebastian, Ed would have jumped in with something lightly sarcastic, something to make Paula smile, remove any anxiety. He always did. He wondered if he would ever see that side of Ed again.
 Ed, mouth pursed, remained silent. Paula continued, “who are wanting to exchange or get a refund for a book they say they purchased two weeks ago. It looks extremely dog-eared and they have no receipt. I wouldn’t have bothered you but they are demanding to speak to someone in authority. Someone a couple of rungs up the ladder from a cleaner he said. Cheeky sod.”
 Ed’s face cracked into life, harshly he stated, “is the book in the same condition as the one you were flicking through before!” 
 Sebastian softly said, “Ed.”
 Ed relaxed a little. “Sorry Paula. Somebody sent the biggest, ugliest cloud over my sunshiny day. Come on, I’ll look after them.”
 Relieved, Paula smiled, “thanks Ed.” 
 As Paula strolled back toward the till, back toward the war zone, she couldn’t help but grin a little, try that kind of stuff with Ed, he will eat you alive. She kind of hoped they would.
 Before joining Paula, Ed stared with incomprehension and loathing, first at Sophie, Sophie held his eyes for as long as she could before finding something important to do in the pram, then turning toward Sebastian said, “I’ll tell you what Seb, it’s going to take more than a few cookies to get round me this time. In fact, you can gather up all the cookie dough in the world, ship it outside of my house in a great big freezer truck, with a big sticker on it saying ‘Ed’s special cookie dough!’ It isn’t gonna do shit!” He looked once more at Sophie, daring her to laugh. She was still busy in the pram. “Sebastian, I want to talk to you later. About a transfer!” He then span round and marched across to the till. 
 Sophie finished the work in the pram, straightened up and cheerfully asked, “Has he thought about anger management classes?” 
 “Let’s just forget about Ed, shall we. Although you have a point, not about anger management for him but common sense ones for me.”
 Sophie was a little taken aback, “well if that’s the way you feel, I may as well go.” She began to turn the pram back toward the doors, stopping as more customers entered the store. 
 “Wait,” said Sebastian, “let me have a look at your application form.”
 In sullen silence, she turned and passed him the envelope. He took it, smiled, opened it, and began to read the form. His surprise must have been evident as Sophie grinned. 
 Sebastian never noticed, he read on, mentally taking notes: The handwriting is neat, without any obvious spelling mistakes. The grammar on the lengthy sections is concise, the content thoughtful. 
 By the time he finished she was laughing. 
 “What’s the matter,” Sebastian asked.
 She placed a hand below her mouth, index finger, and thumb gently pulling at her bottom lip, her hip cocked to the side. “Your face, it’s a picture, didn’t you think I could write?”
 Sebastian was stunned at the transformation. Subconsciously he mirrored her actions, scratched his chin, before asking, “can I book you in for an interview, say next Monday at ten?” 
That should give him enough time to talk to Ed again about his reasons for doing this and maybe if Ed was feeling more congenial, –though right now he doubted that would ever happen - then he could sit in on the interview, take notes, ask more probing questions. Ultimately understand his reasoning. 
 “What about Katie?” Sophie asked.
 “Well I only have one position available.”
 “Very funny. I meant is she alright to come to the interview with me?”
Seb thought for a moment about what she was saying. Potentially, if he agreed, this would undoubtedly lead to bigger problems. He quickly went through the scenarios. ‘Well it was ok to bring her to the interview; I just want to leave her out back for a while. She’ll be quiet.’ ‘I can’t find any way to look after her until two, she’ll be no bother.’ This was bad enough but what about the health and safety aspect. 
 “No Sophie, Katie won’t be coming to the interview. You’ll need to make other arrangements for her.”
 “Oh.” Sophie was distracted, she was squinting her eyes looking toward the till area. Sebastian glanced behind him.
 The elderly couple, more particularly the man, was shaking a finger towards Ed’s chest. Even from the front of the store, Sebastian could see that Ed was doing his best to stay calm. He had one hand on the till, the other in a pocket, probably clenched into a fist. He doesn’t need anger management classes. He could bloody run anger management classes. 
 Sophie spoke again, “but it was okay when you interviewed me the other day.”
 “Sophie that was different,” Sebastian snapped. “Look if you can’t arrange child care then maybe this whole thing isn’t going to work out after all.”
 “I can. I will. My grandmother will defiantly take care of her. I suppose that’s not really the problem, its more about me letting go. Katie’s not being out of my site since she was born.” Sophie’s attention was captured by the commotion at the till. “Oh looks like you’ve got trouble. I think maybe it’s time for me and Katie to go, don’t want her sleep disturbed, guess I’ll see you next Monday.” 
 By the time Sophie was through the doors, Sebastian was being poked in the back. Before turning, Sebastian took the deepest of breaths. He closed his eyes while trying in vain to ignore the persistent prodding. He imagined a scene where the customers, who were about to verbally attempt a castration on him, were wearing pink and yellow spotted socks, their privates were covered with wool, just a small ball for the man, he wouldn’t need anymore. The woman had a huge Mickey Mouse tattoo on her bare belly. They both wore clown noses, and lastly they would both be wearing, with a great deal of pride, green buckets for hats. With purple spots. Oh and inside each bucket would be a great big poisonous spider, psychically linked to Sebastian, ‘just say the word Seb, they’re history.’ 
 With the image finalised, and with the biggest of welcoming smiles, Sebastian turned to face the elderly couple. 
 “Can I help?” he asked, politely for now. While he had chance to, he looked them over. Overall he was pleased with the image created for the two, although the man’s bright green bucket was leaning to the left, threatening to come crashing to the floor at any second. The secret of the deadly poisonous spider would be out!
 “Are you the manager?” the elderly man asked, eyes close to popping, spit flying, a long bony finger waggling from left to right. Red clown nose dimming. 
 For a second, Sebastian considered a lie, just a small one, ‘he’s left for the day, very busy collecting buckets.’ Ah well, guess it’s time to be serious, “I am yes. I can see you’re quite concerned about something.” He pointed to the chairs further into the store, “would you both care to have a seat while I do my best resolve your problem?” The woman looked at the seats and nodded. The man violently shook his head. Watch the bucket! Together they were going to make a formidable double act, they were already disagreeing. 
 “Young man, if you’ve any sense about you, we won’t need to take a seat as this will be sorted out immediately!”
 ‘You reckon?’ “Okay,” said Sebastian, “go on.” 
 “That man over there, the one with a silly goatee,” he pointed his long bony finger behind him while looking at Sebastian. Sebastian noticed how he was pointing it in completely the wrong direction. He thought it best not to correct him. 
 “Is damn right rude, arrogant, and has completely the wrong attitude to be serving and looking after customers.”
 The elderly woman chipped in, “and he looks like an ex con!”
 The barrage continued, by the man this time, “what kind of people do you employ in this establishment? You should sack him immediately. He wouldn’t have lasted five minutes in the army!”
 Sebastian was pleased Sophie had left when she did. “Look, in order for me to even begin to help you, and consider your demands, I need a little more information, what exactly did Ed do which was so, rude and arrogant?”
 “And the wrong attitude.”
 “I’m sorry.”
 “You forgot about his attitude.”
 “Can we forget about Ed for the moment and get to the problem.” Otherwise the spiders get to work. 
 “Well we politely asked if we could return a book which we purchased here two weeks ago. That man over there took one look at the book and said no.”
 “Okay, anything more, other than no?”
 “Well when I asked him why, he just looked at the book and said no.”
 ‘How rude! How arrogant. Ed you’re a disgrace! You’re fired! Spiders kill Ed. Bloody Hell.’
 “Really.”
 “Yes. The mans a baboon.”
 “With a goatee,” said the woman, bouncing and shaking about. 
 Don’t you dare pee on my shop floor Sebastian thought. “Yes, well I can see your point. May I take a look at the book?”
 The woman passed it to him in a supermarket carrier bag, “Here you are.”
 Sebastian took it, removed it from the bag, it was a hardback, and glanced over it. He opened the front cover, looked at the reprint date, flicked through the pages, and finally passed it back. 
 “Well.” The man said.
 “Do you have your receipt?”
 “Oh for God’s sake. Like I told that imbecile over there, I threw my receipt away. Who in this day and age keeps receipts? It’s up to you to keep a record, now can you sort this out quickly, we are meeting some friends for lunch, we’re already late.”
 “How much did you pay for the book?”
 “That I can tell you, it was £12.99.” 
 The woman nodded, “I have a penny.”
 “If you’d like to come and wait at the till, while I get this sorted out for you.” 
 The man looked at the woman and smiled, more a grimace with those teeth. She grinned back, “There you go Bethel.”
 Sebastian reached the till, looked at Paula, winked, and loudly said, “Paula, can you phone the police for me.”
 Paula nodded and smiled.
 The old man looked first at Sebastian then toward Ed and asked, “Are you going to have him arrested?”
 “No I’m going to have the both of you arrested. The book you have there was printed almost nine years ago. It is torn, dog eared, has a coffee stain on page 234, and belongs to Mounden library.”
 The man slightly shaken, reached into the bag turned to the woman and said, “Oh Bethel dear, you’ve put the wrong book in, oh I’m very sorry.” 
 Bethel, not as quick as her partner replied, “No I haven’t George; that was the book you asked me to bring.”
 “Now, now Bethel, you’re getting all mixed up again, come on I think we need a nice cup of tea. Later we will come back with the other book.” He nodded to her as he spoke.
 Confused, she nodded back. Heads down they inched toward the doors. Paula placed the phone down on the receiver. Sebastian called to them, “before you go, an apology is in order.”
 “I’m sorry.”
 “Not to me, to the damn right rude arrogant man over there.”
The man walked toward Ed, “Sorry, we were wrong, thank you.”
 Sebastian looked at them, took a deep breath, and said, “take that book back to the library immediately, say five Hail Marie’s before bed and don’t try that one again.”
 They nodded, turned, and left the store. 
 Paula picked up her duster and said, “I know I’ve only been here for six months, but I’ve never seen anything like that before.”
 “We used to get it loads,” said Sebastian, “people either bringing books back from the library, or from second-hand bookshops, used to be really popular. There was a web site for thieves, probably still is, full of tips on how to steal. For a while that trick was in the top ten, perhaps we should check that out Ed see if it’s still about, get some more ideas on how to combat thieves?”
 Ed through gritted teeth replied, “or maybe we could just employ them. Do you mind if I take my break now?” 
 Up until then, Sebastian had forgotten about what had happened earlier. He nodded sadly. 
 After Ed had gone, Paula asked, “are the both of you alright?”
 Sebastian shrugged, “yeah we’re fine.”


Chapter twenty seven
The red shirt


Tentatively, Jade stood just inside the frame of the door, the few strands of sunlight she was not blocking, only strong enough to penetrate the darkness to a point just beyond her slender frame. Taking one step forward was like walking into a fridge, icy air wrapped around her thigh and gripped her there, chilling her uninvited, yet welcome with guilt, emotions. Pressing the door closed behind, all warmth was finally drawn away. Her spine welcomed the extreme like an adversary. She shivered, teeth chattered and her eyes adjusted more to the lack of light. 
 Up ahead, toward the far end of the hallway came low voices, more like whispers. Gary Franklin and Steve Gates were stood facing each other. Gary leaned into Steve’s neck; then pulled away allowing Steve to do the same. Jade likened them to lovers discussing intimate secrets. She felt a pang of jealousy, embarrassed, and thankful of the lack of light, she looked away. 
 On the wall by her head, was hung a small black and white painting, a country scene. An old slate bridge arched above a meandering river. Beyond this a track lead toward a double gate centered in a stone wall. A solitary thatched cottage sat beyond.  
 As each second ticked away, Jade’s eyes adjusted more. Her pupils, duffle coat buttons. The picture took on shape, form, and life.   
 Above the cottage, a thin stream of smoke rose from a chimney. In the foreground, a figure, a man, in a red shirt pulled a plough along the ground. 
 A red shirt! 
 Suddenly with the realisation, the colour flooded. The river took on fluidity. A fish jumped. White puffy clouds danced along a blue sky. It was all she could do to stop herself from whooping with joy!
 She turned back to face Mr. Gates and Mr. Franklin. Like white noise, their whispering continued. But it was joined now, overlapped, by another familiar sound. It came from further away, was low and desperate. In her minds eye Jade was able to visualise Mrs. Wilkes sat on a chair, damp tissue in hand, alone. 
 Her heart felt heavy. Her eyes fell again on whatever it was Gary Franklin was carrying. Subconsciously, somewhere down there, she knew. For now though it was a large and heavy lump judging by the way he seemed to be struggling. It was wrapped in what appeared to be a beige coloured towel, but maybe, she wondered that could just be the light. Knowing Mrs. Wilkes as she now did, she was sure it would have been brilliant white. 
 While her eyes and memory debated, elsewhere a warning bell rang. Something here was not as it should be. Like the painting on the wall the towel had its own story to tell. 
 As Jade stared at the towel more she saw what appeared to be a large brown stain on its bottom, between Gary’s hands, which, unless her eyes were deceiving her, was slowly expanding. 
 As the two men continued to whisper, Jade became more and more engrossed with the growing stain, hypnotised, fascinated yet frustrated at not knowing. ‘What’s in the bag Mr Franklin, tell me before I go bloody mad!’ Her breathing quickened. Her temper rose, the chill leaving her body quicker than it had come. ‘Calm down Jade, calm down.’ She placed a clammy hand on the wall. 
 There was no mistaking it, the stain grew outwards, a small shiny, almost metallic brown lump; the edges now somewhere inside Gary’s fingers. He wiggled them. They took on its colour. Jade could only watch. The sobbing beyond Steve and Gary took on a different pitch and then abruptly ceased. 
 As one, mid-lean, Steve and Gary silently looked further along the hallway, and waited. Aside from the wriggling fingers they were motionless. 
 The lump bulged more, stopped, then separated from the stain, to fall splashing on the tiled floor. 
 Jade cried out and looked away, at the picture on the wall, desperate to be away from here, over the bridge, through the gate, behind the cottage door, sat by the fire. However, the figure in the red shirt prevented her. Without looking, she knew it was the same red, not brown, no, not brown at all. 
 The sobbing started up again. Steve glanced toward Jade before studying the bulk Gary was carrying as though noticing it for the first time. Gary began to say something to Steve then stopped, and attempted to smile at Jade. 
 Jade broke the silence, “it’s dripping,” she said pointing to the floor. 
 Both men looked down toward the small puddle of blood forming in-between them. 
 “It’s Smudge, he’s not very well,” said Gary, his voice sounding sad, but not quite appropriate thought Jade. The sound a very young child may make after the loss of a grandparent, child like loss. ‘Your Grandfather has gone to heaven now, to a better place.’ ‘ Oh good, can I visit him?’ 
 “Sadly,” Gary continued, “he was still alive when Mr. Gates called, but I…” he sobbed. 
 Jade thought he looked pathetic. She almost felt pity for him. She glanced at Steve, he had not seemed to notice, distracted still by the puddle on the floor as it was joined by more blood, another sickly splash.
 “I headed for Mr. Gates house, and then couldn’t find my way across to this side of the hill. So many roads all up and down. I ended up down on the plain before I realised.” The bulky towel was getting heavy. He shifted the weight onto one arm. 
 Jade watched two more drips fall from the towel before Gary went on. 
 “It appears he was hit by a car. His pelvis is shattered, not sure if there is anything I can do.”
 Steve glanced quickly at Jade, a questioning look on his face. Gary was in some kind of daze. His voice seemed to go a pitch higher with each sentence. The air he sucked in almost a whistle.
 “But I’ll try, Smudge. I will do whatever I can. The good vet has to do whatever he can.” The words travelled slowly.
 “Gary, smudge is dead,” said Steve, “you haven’t forgotten that have you?”
 “What? No of course not.” Gary’s tone took on more normality, more professionalism. “Figure of speech is all, just a figure of speech.” 
 Steve placed a hand on Gary’s shoulder and squeezed slightly, “well thank you Mr. Franklin for doing your best. You arrived as soon as you could. We all appreciate that. Judging by the state of Smudge, I’m fairly certain you couldn’t have done anything had you arrived sooner. We’ll not keep you any longer. Let me show you to the door.” Steve nudged the weight of his hand a little more on Gary’s shoulder. 
 Jade saw a shift in Gary’s expression, his eyes blinked, flashed, then darkened, his features set hard. She was positive she saw his fingers dig into the bulk, into Smudge, before relaxing again. Three more drips fell from the towel. Splash. Splash. Splash. 
 “Yes,” said Gary hurriedly, “I must be off.” Jade quickly moved to the side, pushing herself into the wall, wanting to be as far away from the towel as possible. She brushed against the picture almost knocking it to the floor. 
 Gary stopped in front of her. “How is your husband today Mrs. Alton?”
 Between Steve and Gary was a trail of blood. Jade looked down at his fingers, where they pressed into the towel. “I’m sorry what?”
 “Sebastian, how is Sebastian today?” He sounded almost impatient. 
 Jade a little taken a back, a little concerned, remembered she had not seen her husband this morning. “Why do you ask?”
 “Oh no real reason, nothing to really worry about. Only I bumped into him last night, he seemed a little under the weather, perhaps a little tired,” he laughed, “as though the weight of the world were on his shoulders.” 
Jade felt something cold and wet fall on her cheek, she refrained from flinching and kept her hands by her sides. 
 “Speaking of which, I’d better get him in the car. Not only is he making a mess but he’s feeling rather heavy.” 
 “Yes, let me get the door for you.” Jade pulled it wide, the sunlight causing her to squint. By the time Jade was outside Gary was stood alongside his car with the boot popped open. He placed the towel in side. “Now be sure to say hello to your husband for me won’t you?”
 “Yes of course,” Jade stammered. Like he’d care, he thinks you’re an idiot.
 The boot thudded shut. Gary walked around the car toward the driver side, his voice was lower the next time he spoke, “tell him, miss ecrets safe.”
 Jade failed to understand, “I’m sorry, tell him what?”
 Inside the car, Gary shut the door. The engine roared into life and the passenger window came down half way. “Tell Sebastian Miss. Ecrets safe.” The window closed, Gary, with a bigger than life grin, waved franticly, giving the appearance of a child again. Jade raised a hand, waved back, turned and walked back into the hallway, where Steve was straightening the picture. 
 Jade failed to notice, “did you hear what he said just then?”
 “No, I didn’t, was it bad?”
 “No, well, I don’t know. He gave me a message to give to Sebastian, ‘tell him Miss. Ecret’s safe.’ What can that possibly mean. And what was he doing with my husband.”
 “He was at the card game last night. He’s a good player.”
 “Who my husband?”
 “No Gary. I’ve no idea who Miss. Ecret is though. Maybe she’s an animal. Perhaps your husband was asking after someone’s pet.”


 The silver Audi rolled quietly away, its huge engine hardly straining against the gradient of the hill. Inside the car Gary Franklin was singing, “if you leave me now, you take away the greatest part of me…ooh, ooh, Jade please don’t’ go.” He paused and stared into a blank space, “No, that’s wrong. Ooh, ooh, Smudge please don’t go. Yes that’s better. Well don’t try and worry too much little Smudge, I’ll see if I can fix you up. Maybe just a little bit, a metal pin here, a few screws there.” Then more sadly, “Smudge, I’m really sorry about what happened. I think I got carried away again. I’ve got to get this under, CONTROL!” The last word he screamed with rage and punched at the steering wheel with his fist. “Ouch. I seem to be saying that a lot lately. I’m losing my skill, my edge. I’m getting sick and tired of this hill.” 
 He paused, hummed some more of the tune, then wined, “I want to go home, to my mum.”   
 When he next spoke, his voice had changed pitch, deeper, darker, “well you can’t can you. There’s no going back there, not now, not ever!”
 “Know what I think Smudge, It’s the owners fault, they don’t feed you guys properly. Take the state of you for example. How old are you five, six? I only hit you what twice, okay maybe three times, but I shouldn’t have done that much damage. Mind you that mallet is quite heavy.”
 As he spoke and shouted, he drove alongside the home of the Alton’s. He pulled up by their drive; took a look around and said, “look neighbours, the good vet has made a special home visit to see how the pets are and there is no one here to greet me, how rude!” A flash of movement caught his attention on the far side of the lawn; without doubt, Harry. He was playing with a small long object. It appeared to be a twig. He was busy flicking it up in the air and watching it fall, before trapping it with his front claws and finally flicking over onto his back, trying to rip it apart with his hind legs. Gary watched with admiration, as Harry repeated the procedure several times.
 “I got to tell you Smudge, I reckon our friend Sebastian is in a lot of trouble. I wonder if like yourself young Smudge, it may be too late for him. Oh I’m not talking about the drugs, I think his guilt at taking them will do more damage than his occasional habit. No I’m talking about Jade his rather loyal wife.” 
He sucked in air, “Loyal!” he spat, “now there’s a down trodden word. You know what Smudge? I stood and watched him last night ha, ha, he had no idea, no idea at all. I could read him like a book. I wonder if I could fix him up a little, maybe somehow take it all away, and then give it all back but differently. Make him bigger, better, stronger: the six million dollar man. She would love him again then wouldn’t she? Oh, what am I saying? No too late. Its late, its late, its late, but not too late… hmmm just maybe, maybe I can give that whore something else to think about. Did you see the way she looked at Mr. Gates? You could smell it, dirty bitch, dirty whore. She smelled like my dead mother bringing home those men. Had to finish her didn’t we, yes, no coming back for her either, no fucking way.” He paused for a moment and calmed. The windows on the inside of the car were steaming. He opened his slightly and drummed his bloodstained fingers slowly on the steering wheel. “No way mother, you had it coming for years, just took me a little while to see it.”
 Across the lawn, low to the ground, with strands of green grass wrapping him, Harry, clearly bored of the twig was staring with interest at the car. 
 Gary had noticed. He stilled his drumming fingers, held the cat’s stare, and from a slightly foaming mouth his words popping spit he said, “can you smell me? I can smell you, I can smell your fear little man, I can almost taste it.” He licked his lips, “but don’t worry none… Sebastian is a fool he was always a fool even at school, a daydreamer, but he doesn’t deserve that. You know what Smudge; I think it may be a good idea to give Jade something a little closer to home to worry about. Help her to forget about the farmer. Would you like a companion Smudge, a little something to play with when you recover? Someone you can chat to. It’s a cat, yes, I know you guys wouldn’t normally get on, but you’d have something in common to talk about… Me!” 
 He flung open the driver door and got out. From the boot he picked up a cat basket, opened it and after checking no one was around walked up the drive and onto the lawn. 
 Watching his every step, Harry crouched lower into the ground, the blades of grass wrapping themselves ever tighter, bunched his muscles, watched, and waited. 


Chapter twenty eight
Best of friends


Business at the bookstore was finally beginning to pick up. Outside, beyond the doors, the pavements were full of people, young and old, big and small, brushing and bustling passed each other. Everybody on his or her way to somewhere. Everybody’s need to be somewhere, greater than everybody else and yet nobody seemed to mind. With the stores doors open their collective voice: all the laughter, and chatter, the arguing and whispers, was enough to drown out the music from the stores sound system. From where he stood, by the doors, Sebastian noticed this with only mild awareness. An onlooker may have thought he was studying them, the people, as they walked by, maybe counting the flow, comparing the trends to last week or last year. Certainly he was deep in thought. But they could have been apparitions for all the notice he took. 
 Sebastian began to pace up and down the entrance. He needed to calm down and clear his head a little. On better terms Ed would have told him to take a chill pill yet all he could think of was getting drunk! 
 His mind swam, or perhaps, he swam in his mind, flowing this way and that, bobbing and bumping into thoughts, worries, and concerns. He squeezed his temples at the pain there and mentally stacked them up. The worsening situation between Jade and himself and his slight disappointment at not being able to gather any more information on the spill work rattle. The previous evening with Gary Franklin in the woods, and the fact that now Gary had something on him that could potentially finish Jade and himself. The run in at the pub with Adam and the niggling dream that felt like a game of hide and seek. And now this, his latest, freshest worry, reeling its way into number one spot, knocking the rest down like ten pins in a bowling alley.    
 Though Ed’s upset was not going to be straightforward to deal with, the situation, which had caused it, could be easy to reverse; he just needn’t bother employing Sophie. Yet this immediately presented another, albeit smaller, problem. Sophie knew she had the job. She knew how he felt; that he wanted to give her a break. On top of this Sebastian knew he would be doing the right thing by giving her the chance. Two to three years time she could be managing her own store, of that he was sure, and then, well then the retail world would be her oyster. At a young age her management position would be a solid platform for an ambitious person to leap toward higher goals and if not so minded, then it would still provide a good solid wage. Her daughter could get a decent education. They would both be fairly sorted. He paused, pondered what to do, what to do. ‘I need to run, that’s what I need to do. Run again.’
 He vowed to himself that tomorrow he would run again. His mood lifted at the prospect and his head cleared a little. Perhaps he would run in a different direction, maybe down hill first toward the plain. From there he could pick up the canal and run along side that for a mile or so before turning and climbing up through the woods. That would be tough going. It was steep in places and first thing in the morning it would be wet and slippery but he welcomed the challenge. Mentally he ran it. His mood lifted further, his mind relaxed and gradually, towards the end of the run, he came back toward the present, to the day-to-day jobs. He had his payroll to address, the staff rosters for the next four weeks to set up. He needed to set up meetings with all of his staff, to talk about their needs, their performance and training and development options.
 However, his priority was Ed. How was he going to get closure on this problem? He looked at the books on the shelves, walked towards the children’s section and immediately settled on ‘The lion the witch and the wardrobe.’ He placed a hand on it and whispered, “I keep finding myself coming back here, you’re like a comfort spot. God help me if ever you get sold and we have no replenishments. Perhaps its time to read you now.” He pulled the book from the shelf and looked at the cover. Its glossy image faded and was replaced by the form of his dead father lying on the carpet outside his bedroom door. This was followed by another memory. He was on a boat, his father, covered in blood, falling on him. 
 Then the unusually large green frog jumping down the road, the boy with the blond curly hair on its back, turning toward him, smiling, “follow me, follow me.” 
 He needed a coffee. He placed the book back on the shelf, turned and found himself looking at Ed where he was stood at the doors watching him. 
 Sebastian gently stroked the spine with his index finger, delaying the unavoidable conflict. ‘Which way to go, at a crossroads, which ways the dead end? Left, right. Come on man decide.’ 
 In the end he didn’t have to. Ed walked toward him and broke the silence, fired the first shots, “have you enquired about my transfer yet!” It wasn’t a question, more a declaration of his continuing anger.
 Sebastian let his finger fall to his side. “Give us a chance, Ed! You need to tell me where you want to go first.”
 Ed, feeling he had control here and that no response was required, walked away. 
 The first battle was won. 
 Sebastian, feeling the glares from his staff, silently cursed, shook his head and stormed onto the busy pavement, and for a few graceful minutes became completely anonymous.  


Chapter twenty nine
Fingers on a teacup


 “Hello Mrs. Wilkes, how are you?” Immediately the last word left her lips, Jade reprimanded herself at asking such an awful question. Judging by the state of her, Mrs. Wilkes had been crying for some time. Her eyes were red and swollen and a pile of used damp tissues was growing at her side like a slagheap. 
 Mrs. Wilkes looked up from where she slumped, the settee threatening to swallow her frail form completely. She attempted a smile, failed and stammered, “hello Jade, oh dear everything is such a mess.”
 Jade noticed her cup was empty. “Would you like me to make me you a nice cup of tea?”
 “No, no missy, you sit yourself down, over here.” She moved the mound of tissues and patted a cushion by her side. “Steve can make the tea.”
 “Of course,” said Steve from the doorway, “Jade, how do you like it?” 
 “Milk, no sugar thanks,” Jade replied her eyes staying firmly on Mrs. Wilkes. “Mrs. Wilkes, how are you bearing up?”
 Mrs. Wilkes seemed to stare off into space, she screwed up her eyes and sneezed, “excuse me. Hit by a car he was, well that’s what the vet says. I don’t know how though. I’m sure I would have heard it, and it was late. I had the television on but I’m sure I would have heard a car go past. I do remember hearing him bark though. Smudge rarely ever barked.” Tears were falling again. Jade found the box of near empty tissues and passed her one.
 “Thank you missy, well I heard him bark, never heard no car though. I stood at the back door calling him, but of course he didn’t come, he couldn’t, you see something had gone over his back legs. A car according to everyone else, including Steve, but I’m not so sure, I know I’m an old woman but I’ve still got my wits about me.” She placed a frail and shaky hand on Jade’s arm and whispered, “I think it was robbers. That’s why he barked. I could smell them you know. They’d left their scent in the air. It’s got into the hallway as well. But I can’t tell Steve that. No one will ever get any sleep if I tell Steve that.”
 “Whys that?” Jade asked looking up at the door.
 Mrs. Wilkes sat up a little straighter and brushed at her skirt, “Oh nothing, folks up here, hear something about robbers, they would never let up. Now tell me Jade, have you brought the cake?”  
 Jade smiled, “Of course I have, I think Steve has put it in the hallway.”
 “Oh wonderful.”
 “Would you like to see it?”
 “Later, after our tea. Now let me tell you about the birthday party.”
 Jade was surprised by Mrs. Wilkes change in conversation, and supposed it must have been her way of dealing with the loss. While they waited for Steve to bring them their tea, they chatted about the party and about the surprises in store. Jade realised that as a child she had never enjoyed the feeling, the build up, and the attention from a family who loved you. 
 Her envy was stifled as Steve walked into the room, a mug of tea in each hand. He placed one on the table by the side of Mrs. Wilkes and handed the other to Jade. For a moment her fingers touched his, they were warm, strong. 
 Grinning, Steve said, “don’t drop it.” 
 Jade finally took the mug, and said “thank you”. She took a sip, “mm that’s good.” 
 “Well ladies, unless there is anything else I can help with I’m going to be off now.” Mrs. Wilkes shook her head. Steve leaned over her and gently kissed her forehead. 
 Mrs. Wilkes held his arm, “thanks for everything Steve, you’re a good man.”
 “No problem at all.” Looking at Jade he said, “goodbye Mrs. Alton, nice to see you again.” 
 Jade held his eyes with hers for as long as she dared. In her minds eye a door with a sign reading ‘guilt,’ swung open. Inside sat on a chair, with his head in his hands, was Sebastian. She pulled herself away, slammed the door, shuddered and jumped. The living room door closing behind Steve as he left coincided with the one in her mind.  
 For a short while, the two sat in awkward silence, both listening to the sound of Steve’s car reversing out of the drive. 
 Eventually Mrs. Wilkes broke the silence. She put down her mug and uttered, “too strong and I can’t believe he used my old mugs.” She patted Jade’s thigh and said, “I don’t want to spend the afternoon thinking about poor Smudge. I have done enough crying to last a lifetime. He brought a lot of joy to this house when I lost my husband. It was Anthony, my son in laws idea, something to take my mind off the loss. Well it worked. So now what will help me to deal with the loss of Smudge I wonder.” 
 She studied Jade’s face a moment before continuing. “By my reckoning, it seems to me you may well need someone to talk to. I think I am right in saying you have a few problems of your own. Would you care to tell me what’s troubling you?”
 Jade was shocked, “Mrs. Wilkes you have just lost your dog and you want me to talk to you about my problems?” 
 “Yes missy, I do. You see we can’t bring Smudge back, I can’t help him, but I may be able to help you, before…” 
 “Before what?” Jade asked.
 “Before you get both of your feet wet, before you jump in at the deep end, before you make an irreversible mistake.” 
 “All right I understand.” Jade was embarrassed, annoyed, and felt like a child, she wondered at what to say. 
 “Tell me all about it and then we can have a spot of lunch, you will stay for lunch.”
 Jade had nothing better to do though she was beginning to wish she had, “Yes lunch would be nice.” She took a deep breath, “I guess I’m a little concerned about my brother, he’s just being released, from prison, and he’s getting hounded by some thugs, they’re threatening to sort him out, finish him off”.
 “He’s not spoken to the police.”
 Jade laughed, “the police hate him, and for good reason. He was sent down for armed robbery. Thing is, although he should never gotten himself involved, he was just the driver. A so-called friend had persuaded him to help out, told him he’d get a good share. He never saw a penny, none of them did.”
 “What happened, did someone get killed?”
 “No Mrs. Wilkes, no one was killed, everyone was caught! Laughable really, my brother stalled the engine before they could get anywhere. Police were all over them before they could move. Every one of them was sent down. As I said, he’s been released now, they’re all inside for another year at least. My brother thought that would be enough time for him to make a new start somewhere. You see he knew they would come for him, they all think it was a set up. But the trouble is this gang seem to have many friends on the outside. Now he’s getting death threats and all sorts. Two nights ago they torched his car, totally burned out it was.” 
 Mrs. Wilkes took a sip from her tea. “Perhaps you should speak to Steve, he may be able to help.”
 “How could he help?”
 “Have a chat to him.” She smiled, craftily, “I’m sure you wouldn’t mind talking to Mr Gates again.”
 Jade, not knowing what to say remained silent. 
 “Oh, come on missy, don’t look so shocked, I’ve seen the way you look at him.” More softly, she said, “and I’ve seen the way he looks at you. There are lots of folk round here reckon it’s about time Steve found himself another woman after the last one… went away. But I didn’t expect him to show interest in a neighbour, who’s married!” 
 For the first time since leaving the city, Jade wished she was back there, back in the anonymity. She needed to avoid this, how could she do anything else. She could not talk about something she did not fully understand, something which could be so easily brushed under the carpet, at least for now. 
 She coughed, placed her mug down, and calmly said, “where is the bathroom, Mrs. Wilkes?” 
 Mrs. Wilkes, laughed, “it’s just down the hallway, second on your right.” 
 Jade stood, opened the living room door and walked out into the hallway, she sighed, behind her Mrs. Wilkes shouted, “I’ll be waiting here when you come back.” Jade closed the door. While in the bathroom, her mind spinning, Jade remembered the blood in the hallway. Once back there she looked for it, but it was gone, someone else had already cleaned it up. Once again, she thought of Steve. ‘Yes Mrs. Wilkes he is a good man.’ She decided it was time to leave, after all she had spent almost two hours here, and it was far better to be at home with just her and Harry than here facing the Mowen Hill equivalent of the Spanish inquisition. She walked back into the lounge. Mrs. Wilkes wasn’t there.
 A voice from the hallway, no the kitchen, “I’m going to make a spot of lunch for us would you prefer ham or cheese sandwiches, or both?”
 She paced around the living room, ‘neither she thought,’ and replied, “ham would be fine thank you.”


Chapter thirty
Miss. Ecret


Jade was nearing the far edge of the driveway to her home when she heard the car engine behind. 
 Twenty minutes or so earlier, she had left Mrs. Wilkes drying and putting the dishes away in her kitchen. She had been quietly humming a tune familiar to her but not to Jade. She’d stumbled on a note when she’d leaned down by the kitchen door to pick up Smudge’s half full bowl. “Suppose I won’t be needing that anymore,” she had said, sighing as she dropped the contents and the bowl into the bin. 
 Jade had stood at the door, about to say something. 
 “You don’t have to say it,” Mrs. Wilkes asserted, “I know it will get better. It did last time and it will this. I do wonder though how many more loved ones I will outlive. Not too many more I hope.” 
 Before closing the door, and leaving the house and Mrs. Wilkes alone with her contemplation, Jade had wished her well. She’d made a promise to keep in touch, and by the time she was toward the end of the drive, was congratulating herself on successfully, she thought, managing to avoid Mrs. Wilkes persistent prying. During which time the dead dog, Smudge, had become nothing more than a distant memory, if not forever, certainly for now. 
 After leaving Mrs Wilkes home, with the sun mainly on her back, warming her, pushing her on, the remainder of the walk itself had gone unnoticed such was the state of her mind.
 Prior to leaving the sun behind for a short time, and entering the woods, her thoughts were centred on Mrs. Wilkes. During the five minutes of cool and fresh intoxicating air, her mind had become dizzy and confused, almost lost, and desperate to fly, to flea the stress, which surely lay beyond. 
 Needless to say, when she eventually exited the woods, her mind felt the sledgehammer blow, stalling and causing her to almost trip out. A barrage of relentless questions and insinuations from a thousand voices demanding answers followed the blow. At times it was as though there was a super heated debate in her head which she was only privy to listen to: a solitary jury, should one be needed. ‘What were you thinking? What were you doing? Is this what you want? What we want? Flirt! Whore! Tart!’
 Now her thoughts, her mind, were firmly in the present. 
 Stood close to her home and with her back to the drive, without a backward glance, she knew the car was Sebastian’s. She recognised its tired and worn rattle. 
 Beyond the house, further up the lane, she could hear dogs barking, undoubtedly Penny and Jed. She could not face Sebastian yet. She was neither ready nor was she in a position to ably hide her emotion and whatever else happened, she did not want to hurt him. She pulled the house key from her trouser pocket and after three shaky attempts it clunked into place. She turned the key. The door swung inwards and cooler, refreshing, air greeted her. She took a step forwards. 
 Sebastian turned off the ignition, leapt from the car and shouted, “hey Jade, what are you doing with my rucksack? You’re not going to leave me are you?” Though his words were full of humour it was only in an attempt to hide a deeper meaning. 
 Jade paused at the threshold. Without turning she replied, “don’t be silly Seb, of course I’m not going to leave you. In case you hadn’t noticed I was entering the house not leaving.” 
 The sound of Sebastian’s footsteps neared. Jade tensed, certain he would sense the guilt she wore like a thick coat. “Anyway,” she went on, “If I was leaving you, I’d need something a little more substantial than this battered old rucksack.” 
 Then Sebastian was stood by her side. His smile was awkward, his eyes in a different place. Before she walked into their home and dropped the empty rucksack in the hallway she scrutinised his eyes. Within them she could see the damage, or at least the seeds of the damage was done. She knew that deep within them he could tell. Well, she thought, credit where credit is due. She made her way through into the kitchen. Sebastian closed the door and followed.  
 “So Seb,” Jade began, her back to him, “how come you’re back so early?”
 Sebastian stood opposite her, his hands behind him pressed against the counter top, “I missed you.”
 “And left work two and a half hours early, come on Seb you can do better than that. Besides if you miss me so much, stop going to the pub.”
 “Well, I suppose there is a little more to it than that. I’ve had more than a rough day. Ed and me just aren’t getting on; we seem to be arguing all the time. Anyway today he’s announced he wants a transfer.”
 “Oh dear, you boys will squabble. So I guess this means you will be going to the pub then?” Jade asked, turning to face him, as she did, no humour there.
 Sebastian thought for a moment. He remembered the run in with Adam. “As I said, I missed you.” He wanted to tell her just how much he missed her, was still missing her, even now, stood here right in front of him. It was not so much he could not find the words, more that he was not comfortable with them, was too scared to see how they would sound. “So what were you doing with my rucksack?” He asked.
 Jade had walked toward the far end of the kitchen. The rucksack sat propped up against the wall in the hallway. She began to fill the kettle. A moment later icy cold water ran over the rim and splashed on her hand and wrist. She shivered. The icy chill reminded her of being stood in that cold hallway, watching dead blood drip to the floor. She turned the tap off, put the kettle down, shook her hand, and shakily said, “I was delivering the birthday cake I have been working on. Don’t you remember, you were going to drop me round to Mrs. Wilkes house? Although with hindsight it’s probably a good job you didn’t.”
 Sebastian shook his head as Jade reached for two cups and two teabags, “well I was going to ask you, or remind you last night, but you weren’t around again were you?”
 “No I…”
 “Did me a favour really, I had a nice walk through the woods. Remember the farmers track off Church Street, the one which leads to the other side of the hill?”
“No,” Sebastian stammered too quickly, “not sure I do.” 
Jade stopped and looked at him a teabag in each hand, pointing in his direction like weapons, “of course you do.”
 Of course I do! to himself, unable to look at her.
 “…We walked all of those paths and tracks, the ones by the sides of the woods, the ones through. I never noticed before but there is a really comfortable tree in the middle.” 
Sebastian feigned surprise, “really.”
 Jade continued, “I leaned against it to remove my shoe. I’d picked up a stone. I could have stayed there all morning.”
 As he tried to speak the words became stuck, his throat too dry, hurting. The dripping water from the tap too much of a temptation, “it’s a pity I can’t remember,” he croaked as he made a beeline toward the sink. He cupped a hand below the dripping tap, and noisily sipped the refreshing nectar. 
 “Oh Seb, get a glass for god’s sake!” Jade cried.
 Sebastian rubbed the wet hand on his shirt, ‘come on think Seb!’
 Jade stepped to his side, reached up above his head, and took a tin of cat food. Sebastian mumbled an apology and leaned out of the way. She opened the tin and spooned the food into Harry’s empty bowl. Sebastian loosened his tie, and caught a quick flash of anger in Jades eyes. It was just a blink then it was gone. 
 “Are you okay?” he asked with caution and no trace of sarcasm. Of course the eyes told him she wasn’t but he needed to tread carefully now, not make any mistakes. 
 “You fed Harry this morning.”
 “Yes, I…” he was cut off.
 “Oh it doesn’t matter,” her tone softened as did her eyes,      
 “Do you do want a cup of tea?” 
 Sebastian nodded, smiled, “yeah.” He’d never given it a second thought, was that what this was about?
 “Harry!” Jade called, “where is that cat, you didn’t see him when you came in?”
 “So,” Sebastian asked, “how did the cake go down?” He was determined to show an interest.
 “Harry! Oh the birthday parties not till the weekend.”
 “He’s probably out of earshot. Was she happy with it?” 
 Sebastian jumped as the phone rang. He walked into the hallway and answered it expecting it to be Ed or Paula from work; preferring it to be Paula right now unless Ed had calmed down. “Hello,” he said.
 “Hello Sebastian, how’re you?”
 “I’m fine thank you.” He was a little disappointed. “And you Steve. How are you?”
 At the sound of his name, Jade turned around and shakily poured boiling water into two cups. 
 “Yeah, hang on.” Sebastian put the handset down and walking back into the kitchen said, “it’s the farmer Steve Gates. He wants to talk to you.” 
 “Oh, right, can you finish the tea, still at bit weak at the moment, needs stirring.” Jade left the room and picked up the phone. “Hello Steve.” 
 Sebastian watched her for a moment, where she leaned against the wall with her back to him running her hand through her long black silky hair. He looked at the two cups, “you weren’t kidding about them being weak,” he said to himself, as he placed the two teabags sitting next to the kettle into the cups. 
 “Oh it’s no problem,” Jade continued, “bye.”
 As Sebastian stirred the cups, waiting patiently for an explanation, Jade took the milk from the fridge and passed it to him. “Thanks. So what did Steve want?”
 Too quickly, “just to say thank you for looking after Mrs. Wilkes this morning.”
 “Oh, you never said she was ill.”
 “She isn’t.”
 “So how come you were looking after her? I thought you were just taking the cake round.”
 “No it was the dog!”
 “The dog?”
 “Smudge!”
 “Smudge. Where!”
 “Stop it!” Jade shouted, before storming from the room. 
 Sebastian caught a glance of his reflection in the window, “what the hell was that all about?” His reflection shrugged and blankly stared back.
 He finished the tea, put the milk back in the fridge, and waited. A few minutes later with wet sparkling eyes Jade came back into the kitchen. 
 “What’s happened Jade, what’s going on, we can’t even have a conversation anymore?”
 Jade rubbed her eyes, “Smudge is, was, the name of her dog. It seems he was run over last night. He died earlier this morning. Course I didn’t know, I just went round with the cake, knocked on the door and was greeted by Steve Gates and the vet Gary Franklin. He is strange isn’t he?”
 Sebastian nodded lost in thought, ‘oh he’s strange alright.’ 
Jade went on, “you never liked him from the start did you?”
 “Jade, tell me again which way you walked.”
 “Seb you never listen do you? I walked down Church Street. I got on the farmers track that leads through the fields and on into the woods.”
 “And Mrs. Wilkes lives on the other side of the woods does she?”
 “Yes, in a bungalow, quiet nice really. Seb is this going somewhere?”
 It was the exact place Gary Franklin walked from last night, now that was strange. Sebastian wondered if he was the one who had run over the dog. 
 Jade went on to tell Sebastian about the incident in the hallway, Gary taking out the dog, the dripping blood and Mrs Wilkes theory that she’d developed about it being someone trying to break in, saying that she thought Smudge may have disturbed them, and that they had done this to him.  
 Sebastian barely heard any of it. 
 “Anyway,” Jade carried on, “Gary said his pelvis was shattered. You should have seen how upset he was. Apparently he got lost on his way to the house.”
 Before he could think it through, Sebastian stammered, “lost, how could he have gotten lost?”
 “I don’t know. It seems he doesn’t know that side of the hill very well.”
 “He bloody well does!”
 “You’d have thought so, wouldn’t you, but why would he lie?”
 Sebastian considered this for a moment, considered telling Jade that he’d spoken to him in the woods the previous night, and about the conversation regarding his affair, it wouldn’t hurt. He was just about to tell Jade but she spoke up first.
 “Which reminds me. Before he left, Gary said he had a message for you.”
 “A message, why would he have a message for me?”
 “I don’t know. That’s what Steve and myself were trying to figure out. I’m sure it’s not important.”
 Sebastian was staring into his cup of tea. His head was spinning. He felt like he needed a break from all of this. Didn’t he have enough to cope with at work, and now all this to try and figure out? 
 He looked up from his cup. Jade was staring at him. She’d finished speaking and was clearly waiting for a reply.
 “I’m sorry Jade. I’m finding it difficult to concentrate, can’t seem to get this problem with Ed out of my head. You know we’ve been best mates for years and now we can’t even speak together, can’t even sort this out. It’s a nightmare.”
 “Seb.”
 “Yeah?”
 “Don’t you want to hear the message?”
 No, he thought, I don’t, whatever it is, I want you to screw it up and throw it away, better still burn it. “Yeah sure what was it?”
 “Well, he said to tell you Miss. Ecret’s safe, that’s what it sounded like anyway.”
 “What’s that supposed to mean?”
 “Exactly what Steve and myself were thinking, we wondered if it was the name of someone’s pet. Silly name though, for a pet.”
 Miss. Ecrets safe, safe! No. Oh God I know exactly what it is. He’s playing games with me. He knew this conversation would happen, knew that I would mention last night, about him being in the woods, then his secret, no his lie would be out, Jade would know. No he’s reminding me my secret is safe so long as his is, but why? What’s he doing with this woman? 
 “You know what, come to think of it, he did mention it. Believe it or not, it is the name of a pet, someone at the pub. Their dog wasn’t very well, and had escaped, but I guess now that means she’s safe.” Pathetic.
 Jade smiled and took a sip from her cup. “Strange that Steve didn’t know.”
 “He doesn’t know everything!” Sebastian snapped.
 “Hey calm down.”
 “I’m going to get changed,” Sebastian said more calmly and walked out of the kitchen. Well that’s it, that’s the lie told, again, and now I’m no better than him. He’s got me well and truly cornered. From the spare room he could hear Jade shouting, “Harry, Harry…”


Chapter thirty one
Bits and pieces


For the last couple of hours Harry had been left in a plastic cat box in a damp corner of a darkened room. He knew this hell of a room well. Beneath the stench of death, his scent lingered still. Some small comfort then to know you’d made it out of hell once before.
 The creaking of a door opening, hidden from view, alerted him. The flicking on of a swaying light bulb caused shadows to dance. He followed their sporadic moves, his senses warning him of a familiar danger. Which shadow was the one to watch for?
 Then as the shadows slowed, an unmistakable voice, as kind and gentle on the surface as the humans who he lived with, though this, he was certain, was deadly underneath. 
 “Hello little man.” The words meant nothing, the tone everything. 
 His adversary’s shoes appeared at the window of the cat box. Harry pushed himself toward the rear, his spine flexing the plastic. 
 “Now understand this little Harry if you can. The mess you were in before was my doing.” Harry watched the shoes go this way and that. “I’ll happily admit that. The way I read it, and after all you don’t really have a say in the matter, is this, the mess you are in now is Mrs Alton’s. So! Little man. Do not fucking sulk at me!” The speech ended in a scream. 
 Harry felt himself and the cat box lifted and placed unceremoniously on a large flat surface. He was higher than before. For the time being he could not see the man, instead his view was that of a large white lumpy towel. It leaked death. Harry could smell it, could see it. Harry shivered and gave off a low growl. He shifted and scratched at the back of the plastic box, then stumbled sideways as the cat box was struck. 
 “Now Harry you just sit tight while I decide what I’m going to do with Smudge. God knows he needs my help.” 
 Harry watched long smooth fingers peel back the towel to prod and shove the lifeless form. He saw the hands lift the bloodied legs and tried to block the sound of crunching, scraping bone. He jumped as they thudded, lifeless, back down on the surface.
 “How best to fix you up. I hit you to hard. Mallets fault. Too heavy. I told the man from the store. Bastard!” 
 A face appeared at the front of the cat box. Harry stared back into dark eyes far more wild than his. 
 “Perhaps I could make a new breed with the two of you, the best bits from him, the best from you. Oh don’t be too concerned Harry I will let you keep your head. I think his is a bit mushy now. What do you think?”
 Harry whined.
 “I’ll take that as an agreement then. Great, let’s do it!” he cried.
 Somewhere beyond, far away in another room, a bell rang. The face disappeared from the front of the cat box. 
 “Ah visitors, and here already, with a little present I should think. I expected them later well never mind. You just can’t always plan these things.”
 Harry heard the door creak open, then close, and relaxed a little. He stared sadly at the dead dog where it lay inches from the edge of the cat box. 
 Sometime later Harry was alerted by the sound of the door creaking open. The face, a hand wearing something skin like, fingers gripping a large shiny object, appeared once again. The face grinned then moved away. Neither the knife nor the surgical gloves meant anything to Harry. His interest lay elsewhere. The room had a new smell, unfamiliar, yet undoubtedly meaning more pain, and suffering. Another animal, a cat, he thought so. Then Harry heard a high-pitched yelp abruptly cut off, followed by silence. 
 Followed by, “oops.” 


***


“Seb, I’m worried about Harry, he should have been in hours ago. He hardly ever misses a meal.” 
 Sebastian and Jade had sat down earlier to a simple meal, much of which was still left on their plates. It seemed that neither had much of an appetite. The bottle of wine they shared though was almost empty. Sebastian filled Jades glass with the remainder. They hadn’t spoken much each lost in their respective thoughts. This was clearly not the way Sebastian had predicted the evening. For the first time in a long one they had sat down together and now they had nothing to say. 
 Jade continued, “do you think we should go look for him?”
 “What?”
 “Harry, do you think we should go and look for him?”
 Sebastian took a sip from the wine, thought about opening another and said, “Jade let me ask you something.”
 Jade took a large mouthful from her glass, swallowed, stood and said, “ask me later, I’m going to go find him.”
 She left the room. Sebastian heard the kitchen door close behind her. For a few moments and between sips of wine he listened to her faint calls. He finished the wine and walked out the front door, almost knocking straight into Jade. He noticed she was crying and placed his arms around her, for a second he felt her stiffen. “Hey Jade, he’s bound to be ok. He’ll be around somewhere. He’s probably gone off on one of his extended trips. Cat’s do that.”
 Jade pushed away from him, “he hasn’t,” she moaned, “I can feel it!”
 “Hey, come on now!”
 “I’m sorry. Is there anymore of that wine left?”
 “I’ll open another bottle.”
  At sometime beyond midnight, after finishing the second bottle, Jade and Sebastian went to bed together. Sebastian leaned across and kissed Jade lightly on the cheek. In the darkness he could only imagine her beauty, “I love you Jade, more than anything.”
 “I love you too Seb.” The reply seemed empty, forced. He felt unloved, unneeded, wanted to tell her how much he needed her but couldn’t. 
 He closed his eyes and felt himself sliding, spiralling downwards, down some dark pit of despair and self-pity. 
 Above him, on the lip of the pit, the face of the boy he knew so well, but didn’t know at all, pleaded, ‘pull yourself together Sebastian.’ 
 Jade brushed her lips against Sebastian’s. The boy smiled, ‘my beginning’ and was gone. 
 The feeling was like nothing he had felt before, sorrow, happiness and excitement. It was almost too much. He felt her hand gently run through his hair; she pulled him close. 
 For a second she pulled her lips from his, whispered, “I’m sorry Seb.” The words were lost on him. She pressed her open mouth against his and pulled him on top of her. He felt her smooth skin against his, but not with his hands, with his hands he gently cupped her head and stroked her there while dropping his head to her side. 
 From inside a battle raged, tempered only by the wine. For a time they stayed like that until Jade widened her thighs, opened her legs. Then slowly he was moving inside her. Her rhythm matched his and together they stayed like that, Jade, staring up into the darkness, conjuring images on the ceiling from another place. Sebastian kept his head buried in the pillow, lost in his emotions, his longing. 
 Nothing mattered anymore so long as he had Jade by his side, nothing mattered. Yet everything did.
 He checked himself, wondered if he had drifted off, for once he wasn’t thinking about ice cream, was he still even hard? Below him he felt her stiffen and shift, her rhythm altered; mistakenly he assumed she was close to orgasm and before he knew it he came. It felt weak, unsatisfying and immediately he knew she hadn’t come at all. He lifted his head from the pillow and stared into her face, into blackness, nothing to read, no signs to follow. 
 “Jade, was it…”
 She cut him off, “go to sleep now Seb.”
 He rolled off her. Jade turned on her side and away from him, she curled into a fetal position, pulled the covers and sighed deeply.
 “I love you,” he said. The words sounded weak, Sebastian felt embarrassed and ashamed of himself, feeling less of a man than ever. Jade never replied. He assumed she never heard or was already asleep. 
 That was the last time they made love, the last time they held each other, the last time Sebastian told Jade he loved her and meant it. It was a confirmation of change for Jade and while Sebastian slept a troubled sleep, his sperm carried out its predestined task, achieving the one thing that Jade’s doctors had assured her would be impossible. She lay awake and quietly sobbed. 
 She tried to keep the reins on them but eventually her thoughts drifted off and carried themselves to Steve Gates where he lay awake naked in his bed. She imagined him there, his powerful heavily muscled body resting, and imagined herself lying in those arms, her head against his chest. 
 Although in the years to come she would regret it, by then it would be too late, for in the forthcoming months she would visit the mysterious farmer many times. 


* * *


 The following morning as planned, Sebastian ran, as he did the morning after that, and the morning after that. At the weekends he rested, but over the following weeks he felt himself becoming stronger than ever. He visited the pub just twice in those few weeks and on both occasions felt as though he didn’t belong. Larry hadn’t seemed to have changed although he was less chatty, but Steve Gates had. Any conversation the two shared was polite but short and to the point. Steve Gates it seemed had a lot on his mind. At times Sebastian found it odd that Steve seemed to be doing anything to avoid him, and couldn’t understand why. He knew that if Steve really didn’t want him around he had a powerful support group to carry out his wishes. On his last visit Sebastian stayed at the bar, Steve had left without acknowledging him. Larry shook his shoulders and remained silent. 
 After Jade and himself had made love, the situation eased a little. It wasn’t that they had found new love or a deeper understanding, more that they had found a way around each other. Like acquaintances or work colleagues; they would talk but mainly about financial concerns. Harry still hadn’t come home. Sebastian was amazed at how well Jade handled it, after the first week hardly ever mentioning him. Of course Sebastian was unaware as to just how much Jade had on her mind. Apart from the obvious he had no idea that Jade had been discussing her brothers problems with Steve Gates, and that Steve had quickly agreed to resolve it with a guarantee that her brother would be fine. Two subsequent deaths from that area later, and no one batted an eyelid. 
 Sebastian was finally happy that Jade was spending time with her mother, rebuilding and forgiving, and noted how calm she appeared whenever she came back. 
 Once the birthday party was over, the cake being a terrific success, things on the hill went very quiet. After the death of Smudge and the disappearance of Harry the pet population were offered some respite; a good thing too, Sebastian was sick and tired of hearing about the good vets work. 
 Sebastian purchased a sketchpad and began to draw up ideas for reshaping their garden. After speaking to Jade about them she agreed that perhaps they should start to save some money each month, so that come next spring they could begin. 
 These three weeks were for Sebastian the closest he would ever come to happiness, a stable though not over loving relationship, a perfect home; other than a child what more could he ask for?


Chapter thirty two
A nice surprise, soon forgotten


On a cold and frosty morning in the second week of October, the first noticeable frost of the year; Sebastian, wearing gloves and wrapped snugly in a woollen scarf his mother knitted him when he was still at school and armed with a scraper purchased from a pound shop, with steady footsteps approached his icy car. 
 Since he began running in the mornings he seemed to be more organised, and this morning was no exception. After watching the late weather reports the previous evening he was aware of the dramatic change about to happen, so far autumn had been mild, and so had given himself plenty of time to de-ice his car. The only thing he was not sure of and felt he had little control of, was whether the car would actually start or not and so he kept the fingers of his free hand very firmly crossed. Yesterday morning it had not started, and that was his fault. He had left the lights on. Becoming more organised, of that there was little doubt, still a little forgetful, well one-step at a time. 
 Once at the side of the car, from his coat pocket he removed a huge and heavy bunch of keys. Knowing he would never be able to look after the house, shop and car keys separately; some months previous he had grouped them together into this cumbersome mass of lumpy metal. After a few freezing seconds of fumbling, he found the right key and pushed it into the lock. Before he could turn it, it would not have turned, the lock was frozen, the keys fell nosily to the floor. Cursing, he bent down to pick them up. 
 As he did, he noticed an unmistakeable shape lying in exactly the same spot as it had once before back in the summer. He placed a hand on the body and for a long second stroked his back. 
 “Now how the hell have you got here?” He dropped the scraper to the floor, removed his gloves, and knelt on them. Then he leaned forward and placed his ear next to the head. He was breathing. Well that was a start. Next he checked for marks, nothing. He checked for blood, for mucus, again nothing, just a perfectly well looking cat fast asleep under the car. It was as though he’d been lying there for the last month. It was just that nobody had noticed.  
 “Come on little man lets get you inside the house. Jade is going to be amazed at seeing you.” He carefully collected him up and walked back into the house with Harry held close by his chest, still fast asleep. 
 He pushed the front door open and walked in, saw Jade with her back to him leaning against the wall, one hand casually running through her hair, the other holding the phone against an ear. 
 He closed the door. She jumped, turned, saw the two of them, and dropped the phone! 
 Its perpetual movement and the low but tinny voice ‘hello! hello!’ was more than a distraction. Sebastian placed Harry into Jade’s open arms and picked up the dangling receiver, “hello, sorry about…” he said into it. He stopped speaking when he heard the ‘click!’ of the line going dead. 
 “Whoever it was, they’ve gone now.”
 “Oh well,” said Jade as she bounced around the hallway with Harry like a child with a newborn brother, “I’m sure I’ll speak to them again.”
 Sebastian stared at the handset intently as though he could find out who it was by just doing that. Clearly, Jade was not going to fill him in.  
 “How did you find him? Where did you, I mean is he all right, he’s fast asleep. How’s this happened Seb?”
 Smiling, Sebastian put out a hand, “slow down Jade. He was just outside, under the car. I’d dropped my keys and there he was, like you say fast asleep. It’s a good job I dropped them, I’d have surely run him over!” 
 Jade continued to bounce about, this way and that. 
 “Look Jade, why don’t you pop him in the cat basket for now eh?” She continued bouncing, one foot to the other.
 “Jade, why don’t you…” 
 “I know I heard you,” she snapped. “The cat basket isn’t there anymore. It’s in the loft; didn’t think we’d be needing it.”
 “Okay, so use a towel.” He brushed passed her, “I’ll get it!”
 “Think we should phone the vet?” Jade asked as she snuggled her face into Harry’s fur. 
 Sebastian thought before replying, he’d almost forgotten about Gary Franklin. “No Jade, lets see how he is first. Look I’ve got to get to work, just keep an eye on him, and give me a ring if you think we need to phone the vet, then I’ll phone him from work.”
 “Well, I may as well.” Jade said.
 “No, let me.”
 “Why, what’s the point?”
‘Yeah Sebastian what’s the bloody point?’ He thought quickly,  “just an opportunity to ask about Miss Secret. I mean Miss Ecret. I haven’t spoken with Gary for a while, be a chance to catch up, well about the…” now which one was it? cat or dog. “The dog.”
 He was turning as he spoke, but could feel her questioning eyes burrowing into the back of his head.
 “Oh okay, well I’ll see you later. Come on Harry, let’s get you nice, comfy and warm.”
 Sebastian left the house for the second time, wondering how Harry had turned up just out of the blue like that, and fast asleep too. Somewhere behind this puzzle was another more portentous puzzle demanding his attention. In his minds eye it was the face he’d seen what felt like such a long time ago tucked inside the spill work rattle, staring back at him, beckoning him for a closer study: who was Jade talking to? 
 After spending five long minutes scraping the stubborn ice from the car, finally he was inside. With crossed fingers poised above the gear stick whilst turning the ignition, the engine stuttered, coughed, and then roared into life. Sebastian cheered, reversed down the drive and to Freddie the frog, the now not so fragrant air freshener, said, “other than a few minor hiccups Freddie, things are looking up.” He gently tapped him. Freddie rocked about but did not say a word, not even a croak.
 He drove down the quiet lane sensing change, not only in the air or the scenery; the fields either side of him were a sea of white, the odd trees bare and naked, suggesting some giant had entered the land and uprooted every tree, turned them upside down, and planted them like that. Other than Freddie there was so little colour anywhere, he was the only trace of green left. 
 No the more notable change had to be at home. Harry had to be a good omen. Since he had gone everything had stalled, the battery flat on their lives, now he was back life could and would carry on in a more positive manner. He was sure of it. 
 The car went over a bump. Freddie shook his green body. 


* * *


 Back at home in the kitchen Harry slept on. Jade fussed him for a moment, grew bored and leaving him to his dreaming, closed the kitchen door, picked up the telephone and pressed redial. 
She waited. 
 Outside, from along the lane, she heard the unmistakeable sound of a tractor. “Damn,” she blurted, and slammed the receiver down. She thought about running outside, toward the back gate, realised she had no shoes on, and instead ran to a bedroom window. The tractor was heading down the lane away from the farm and away from her. Well, she would have to wait until later. 


* * *


 It was midday when the woman from Bishops Gate walked into the bookstore. Of course at that time Sebastian had no idea where she was from. He found that out later. 
 She was tall, slender and wore a knee length woollen grey coat. A white fluffy scarf, looped behind her neck, ran beyond the coat doing little Sebastian thought of its original purpose. Her hair was long, curly and bright orange and as she walked it bobbed and danced. It looked like she was on fire.  
 She reminded Sebastian of her mother, the way she walked, her hair, that same sad face. It was a face that would smile in the right company but often, when no one was looking, glance sadly away toward some private place. 
 He made a mental note to go and see his mother soon. It had been too long. 
 As Sebastian studied her, she stopped in front of Ed and Sophie where they were stood toward the front of the store, chatting and giggling.
 Ed and Sophie. It was laughable, they had worked together for three weeks now and had become inseparable, the best of friends. Sebastian was a little envious of the relationship that had formed, but glad. Sophie had adapted incredibly well to the break Sebastian had given her. 
 Ed, after requesting a transfer then initially accepting an offer for a move to another store, never went. He flatly declined, much to the confusion of everyone, not least Sebastian. 
 During the first couple of days of that week, something happened, something not far short of a miracle. Sophie had made it her number one priority to insist that Ed engage in conversation with her. Of course, she had no idea about Ed’s transfer request; her motives were for a different reason. Sebastian supposed that she most have come to the conclusion that if she were to succeed then she had to win Ed over first. 
 During those first few entertaining days, Sebastian and the rest of the team had simply stood back and watched the show, the spectacle, and by the third day had unanimously agreed that Sophie deserved a reward for her outstanding performance. 
 Later she received the best reward she could possibly hope for and so had Sebastian. By the end of that week, Ed had spoken to Sebastian for the first time since Sophie had walked in with her application form. He apologised for his behaviour, as did Sebastian. Ed then made it clear that he did not intend to move from the store. He wanted to stay, and acknowledged the fact that he needed to grow up a little. Sebastian had nearly cried; his best friend was back. Later Sebastian had bought cookies, this time for everyone.
 Sebastian continued to watch as the woman thanked them both before strolling over toward the far corner of the store, her hair threatening to burn any book or anybody who got in her way. 
 “That woman,” Sebastian stated to Paula where she was bent down restocking a display in front of the cash desk “looks just like my mother. I swear they’re almost sisters.”
 Without turning, Paula mumbled, “fascinating Seb.”
 “Isn’t it!” 
 Paula turned to see the woman Sebastian referred to, “wow, check out that hair, what a colour. No way is that natural.”
 “It is.” Sebastian replied, “just like my mothers.” 
 Five minutes later after finding the book she was after, the woman from Bishops Gate walked to the counter where Paula and Sebastian stood happily watching her. Sebastian, a second quicker than Paula, reached out a hand to take the book from the woman. She smiled and passed it toward him. 
 Sebastian scanned in the barcode as he stared at the cover. The book, a hardback, simply called ‘Cats’ had one large picture on its front of a black and white cat. He looked very snug, as though he knew he had made the big time. Next he would be appearing on a chat show. “That cat,” said Sebastian, while pointing to the photograph with the scanner, “looks like my mine. In fact I’m sure it’s him.”
 “Really. Isn’t it amazing what cats get up to when you aren’t around?” she said. 
 “Yes it is, the little terror. What I want to know is where is he stashing the money he made from the photo shoot.” Really he just wanted an answer to what had been bugging him all morning. How had Harry just turned up under the car like that in exactly the same spot? 
 The sad face that Sebastian had noted earlier was back, the camouflaged smile gone. She cleared her throat and said, “we did have two cats, sisters they were, Molly and Annie, one for each of my daughters. Such a terrible thing, they are so upset. Devastated really.” 
 Paula couldn’t help herself. Her eyes bulged. Excitedly she asked, “what happened?”
 “Paula!” Sebastian chastised, “can you pass me a bag please?”
 “Yes, sorry,” she replied as she leaned and passed Sebastian a bag, from directly below him.  
 “It’s okay,” said the woman, “quite simply, they were killed, poisoned. I’m absolutely sure of it. Oh the vet tried to assure me that it must have been something they had eaten. A dead mouse carrying a disease or something like that. But like I said to him, Molly and Annie were so picky about their food. I tell you, left out for more than five minutes and they would turn their noses up at it, wouldn’t touch it. No, he did all he could to be fair although he charged a pretty penny too, but he couldn’t save them. I truly believe he was more upset than the children, and they were…”
 “Devastated,” said Paula completely engrossed by the woman’s tale.
 Sebastian reeled. He tried to concentrate, but something banged on the back door of his mind. He tried to ignore it, but it would not let go. Go away! he wanted to scream. 
 “Yes,” the woman continued, “devastated.” She paused then said, “in fact it was the vet who suggested I come here for the book, might help he said, if I get the children to choose new cats. Take their mind off it. A lovely man really. Very thoughtful. Although I’m convinced he’s wrong. My friend Shirley, she says there has been hundreds of animals gone missing around Bishops Gate recently. It’s a good job that vet came here when he did.” 
 Sebastian had not heard everything so busy was he battling with the back door, but he had heard three words: Bishops Gate and vets. He let them swim around awhile and tried to think. 
 Unchecked, the back door opened, and there they were, his two companions from both sides, the little boy and Freddie the frog, together, holding hands. The frog gripped a walking stick, which he leaned heavily on. He looked tired. ‘Ask her about Gary, go on ask her about Gary, ask where she’s from.’ “Where are you from?” he asked.
 “Well originally Buxton, but I moved from there when I was…”
 “No I mean where do you live now.” His tone, he realised, was harsh. Sebastian felt as though someone was working his mouth, the words coming with no prior thought. 
 Paula was watching him her eyes bulging again.
 He softened a little, “I’m sorry to appear rude.”
 “Not at all young man. I live in Bishops Gate, not too far from the vets, I suppose we are all lucky to have…”
 Everything stopped now for Sebastian. Someone had pressed pause. The only sign of life, steady breathing, a blink of the eye. 
 “Are you alright Seb?” Paula asked.
 The woman had continued talking, unaware, “yes it’s a good job indeed. What with all the problems we’ve had recently.”
 Fast forward, back in the present. His head ached, too much information to make sense of. “Paula, look I’m sorry, would you mind taking over for me.”
 “Yes, sure.” Turning to the woman she said, “so that will be £9.99 please.” 
 The woman reached into her purse as Sebastian apologised once again and walked away. The woman continued talking now to Paula, oblivious to any change. 
 Upstairs in his office, Sebastian sat on his chair and slumped forward on his desk. His head rested in his hands, “it was that bastard, that freak, all along.”
 He stood quickly and paced around the room, trying hard to piece it all together. As he did his anger at himself for his own naivety and toward Gary Franklin grew, until finally he clenched his fist and punched the wall. He cried out in pain and leaned over clenching his fist. When eventually he straightened up, Paula was stood there. 
 She had come upstairs to check he was okay as soon as the woman from Bishops Gate had left the store. “Sebastian, I’m really worried about you, are you going to be okay? Would you like me to get Ed?”
 “Yeah, I’m fine, I just knocked my hand, that’s all.”
 “Seb, you didn’t, you hit the wall. I saw you!”
 “Paula, I’m fine, really. There’s something happening, nothing to do with work, something at home, nothing for you to concern yourself about.”
 “Well, I’m going on my break. Do you want a drink?”
 “No, I’m fine thanks.”
 After Paula had gone Sebastian ran down stairs as fast as he could, flew across the shop floor where Ed And Sophie were still stood, and literally grabbed Ed by the arm.
 “Seb, what the hell are you…”
 “No time, come with me!”
 “Ok Seb, but just let go of my arm,” Ed snatched his arm away, almost knocking Sophie to the floor. 
 “Watch out!” She cried. But by then, Sebastian and Ed were halfway across the floor.


Chapter thirty three
Sebastian hits a wall



Ed sat quietly, deep in thought, across from Sebastian, watching and wondering. Behind him the office door was firmly shut and already the room was becoming uncomfortably warm. 
 Sebastian sighed, ran a hand through his hair and pressed his fingers into his scalp.
 When he looked up, Ed noticed how grey and ashen his face appeared. Whatever was wrong, it was something to do with home. He prayed Jade and him were okay.
 “Ed,” Sebastian’s voice was shaky, “remember me telling you about Gary Franklin?”
 Ed gave a quick nod, refrained from any form of sarcasm.
 “The woman I served downstairs, the one with the red hair? 
 “Yeah, spoke to her at the door.”
 “She had two cats, they got sick, she thought they had been poisoned, so she took them to the local vets.”
 “Okay.”
 “Guess who the vet is?”
 “Gary Franklin?”
 “Gary Franklin!”
 “So you’ve dragged me up here to tell me that Gary Franklin has helped out this old dear?”
 Sebastian shook his head and looked away at a blank wall. It seemed so simple, so straightforward. “The cats are dead Ed. Apparently the good vet tells the woman he’s done everything he can to save them but he can’t, tells her it must have been something they ate, a decomposed mouse!”
 “So, he’s not perfect, so what.”
 “Don’t you get it Ed? It’s the same thing that happened to Harry, the only difference, Harry survived.”
 “And?”
 “And, it seems to be happening to loads of other animals in Bishops Gate according to what the woman’s friend told her. Remember about a month back, I went for a walk in the woods on the way home from the pub, after the card game, and was caught by Gary Franklin smoking a joint.”
 Ed laughed, “how could I forget Seb, I completely shit myself thinking it was Jade who caught you. I mean I knew she’d kill you, but for me, for me I think it would have been a slow death.”
 “Anyway, the thing is, the next morning Mrs. Wilkes dog was found dead!”
 “She a customer of ours?”
 “Ed, you’re not taking this seriously!”
 “Finding it hard to.”
 “Gary Franklin was walking back from the area where Mrs. Wilkes lives, that night when I bumped into him, the night before the dog died! Remember how I told you he came up with some bullshit story about how he was having an affair with some woman from that side of the hill? I’m telling you Ed he’s doing something to the animals.”
 Ed laughed again, “Seb your imagination is running bloody wild. You need it on a leash, better still tie it to the garage wall and leave it at home!”
 “Its Gary Franklin who needs to be on a leash!”
 Ed stood, and with no trace of laughter in his voice said, “Oh come on Seb, have you heard yourself. He’s a vet and by all accounts a good one. I agree there may be something strange happening, but the vet. I don’t think so. Why Seb, why would a vet do this stuff? Have you thought about that?”
 “I don’t know why, maybe he needs the money. He charges enough. I tell you what though, I am going to find out.”
 “What are you going to do?”
 “Well it’s a toss up between going to the police or confronting him myself.”
 “You’re not serious!”
 “Why?”
 “You can’t just go to the police, where’s your evidence, and you can’t just go round there accusing him, you’ll end up getting yourself arrested. No Seb they are not good ideas.”
 “You got any better ones?”
 “Yeah, an absolute pearl. Go home tonight and get some rest. We have the boss down tomorrow and we need to be on top form. 
 “I can’t just leave it Ed, the guys gone bloody mad. He’s wrecking peoples’ lives.”
 “You or him?”
 “What?”
 “Forget it. Like I said Seb, where’s your evidence?”
 “I haven’t any have I. It just all fits.”
 “No Seb, you’re making everything fit, there’s a big difference. I tell you, pull in the reins on your imagination, you’re always doing this when you get an idea in your head.”
 Ed was about to mention the issue about the spill work rattle, to back up his claim, but thought better of it. Sebastian had not asked him for some time now if he had found out anything, it was better left that way. “Hey, you haven’t mentioned this to anyone else have you?”
 “Like who?”
 “I don’t know, your mates from the hill, in the pub.”
 “No of course not. I only found out today. Why do you ask?
 “Oh, no reason.” If what Warren had said was true and if Sebastian was right, or if anyone believed him, there’d be a bloody witch hunt up there Ed was sure of it.
 “Look Seb, I’d better get myself back downstairs, promise me you’re not going to do anything.”
 “You know, Harry turned up today after three weeks of being missing. He was fast asleep under the car in exactly the same spot I found him the morning he was taken to the vets. It was like he was drugged or something. He never woke, probably still asleep now. He went missing the day after I saw Gary Franklin in the woods. The day Jade gave me the message she had thankfully misheard, ‘your secret’s safe’, damn right it was, he took Harry.”
 “You don’t know this for sure, you’re just gluing bits together. You have to drop his now Seb before someone gets hurt.”
 “You reckon he’s going to try it on with me.”
 Now it was Ed’s turn to look at the blank wall. It’s not him I’m worried about it’s your neighbours, the ones who enjoy wanting to solve local disputes themselves. I wonder just how far they’d go, and that farmer friend of yours how’s he going to react to finding out the vet tried to do his dog in? All of this he wanted to say to Sebastian but knew he could not, for Sebastian’s safety.  
 “If and I do mean if this guy has done something, then who knows what else he’s capable of?”
 Sebastian clearly growing impatient said, “I can handle this myself!”
 “Christ Seb, now you’re behaving like a school kid on the playground, next you’ll be saying ‘my dad’s bigger than yours!’”
 Sebastian’s face dropped toward the floor. 
 Ed saw his shoulders slump. “Seb, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that.”
 “It’s okay, forget it.”
 “Look I really do have to crack on. Just don’t do anything okay. Tomorrow once we have got rid of the boss, we’ll talk about it again and maybe try and piece together the facts then make some calculated decisions. We’ll come up with an action plan, yeah, just like we do for work.” Ed did not wait for a reply. He turned and left the room. 
 Sebastian listened to Ed’s footsteps on the stairs grow quieter and quieter, until, other than the soft buzzing of electrical appliances, he was wrapped in silence. 
 With his mind clear and less fuzzy than before, the decision was made. Ed was right he couldn’t go to the police, but he could go to Bishops Gate.
 He picked up the phone and dialled his home number. It rang and rang until the answer machine kicked in. He found it odd that Jade hadn’t answered. He left a quick message anyway, ending I love you and put the phone down. Good job she had not answered really, she was likely to think him mad as well. 


Chapter thirty four
A Visit to the vets

 
It was almost seven in the evening by the time he arrived. In the far distance the usually prominent ridge leading toward Mowen Hill, was now a broad black imprint below a rapidly darkening sky.   
 Immediately ahead, unilluminated save for a dim orange lamp that flickered above a white panelled sign, the Victorian house stood in stillness like an undefeated veteran gladiator awaiting his final battle. 
 He turned off the engine and watched the ancient light flicker, idly wondering whether it would last the night. He shivered as the chilled night air gradually stole the warmth from within the car and listened to the sporadic clinks and clunks of the engine coming to rest.
 A short while later, in his rear-view mirror, dazzling headlights approached, causing him to squint. They grew larger and larger until the mirror became a solid bright light.
 Was it slowing? Was it Ed? Had he followed him? Come to his aid. So headstrong was he on doing this he had never considered how he would feel once actually here, and where was his plan, what did he possibly hope to achieve?
 As though never there, the lights disappeared from the rear-view, his car bouncing on its soggy springs as the other vehicle brushed past. Not Ed then, no army to back him up, just him and Freddie.
 As the cold continued to creep into the car, worry clung onto its tail and doubt onto its. He’d never thought about how much he hated been cold. Cold brought insecurity. 
 He tried to forget about it and looked back toward the old house. The light above the sign seemed to flicker less, the glow now more white than orange. But the house was smiling at him now, taunting, showing its fangs, ‘still some fight in me yet. Why don’t you come in, let me warm you up a little.’ 
 Sebastian had a sudden urge to burn it all down to the ground, and just drive away. One look at Freddie and he knew he could not: Freddie his virtual conscious.
 “What do you think Freddie?” Sebastian asked. “What do you think I should do? 
 Freddie stared into space. 
 “You know, when I was little, way before you were nothing more than a tadpole, my dad he’d always push me toward the right direction, whenever I was unsure of something. ‘What do you think would happen if you did this?’ he would say or ‘Why don’t you give it a go and see what happens.’
 Somehow, he would always give me the impression that the idea or the suggestion belonged to me. That it was mine. He was a good man my dad. You would have liked him. You know what Freddie, right now I wish I could just phone him up and see what he would say, what he would make of all this. All my life I’ve tried to live by his code, of doing the right thing. He used to tell me there was always a choice and if you always chose the right one, everything would wind its way to being fine. But this time Freddie, this time I’m not convinced he was right.” 
 He sighed, shivered and looked toward the house as he continued, his breath steaming against the glass. “Ever since this thing started, ever since Harry was poisoned, and yes I am still sure of that, doing the right thing is becoming more of a problem. More confusing. It’s just choices with no right and no wrong.”
 He looked at Freddie and laughing sarcastically said, “come on Freddie, tell me what you think. Put your spin on it from a frog’s point of view. Should I just go in there, tell him the place is surrounded; to come out with his hands up!”
 In the end, the decision was taken from him.
 As he sat in the front seat of the now freezing car staring at the air freshener, suddenly by his head, there was a loud thump on the glass. Sebastian jumped, cried out and launched himself toward the left side of the car. His ribs cracked against the gear-stick. His neck was twisted the same way as he dived and as he fell the seatbelt snagged painfully against the exposed skin. 
 Another solid thump against the glass, another jump, this time with a stifled cry, inaudible, Calm down Sebastian! Jesus Christ.
 With one eye almost fully shut and the other slightly less so, Sebastian twisted his neck toward the glass, fearful of what was out there. 
 Beyond the steam coated glass, less than two inches from Sebastian was the mad grinning face of Gary Franklin. His eyes were huge and dark: twin black holes to fall into two. A choice then it didn’t matter which one. Black hair cascaded around his shinning white face, which floated just beyond the window like a full moon. 
 Sebastian sat up stiffly somehow managing to regain his composure a little. Though he recoiled after winding his window down, the icy air a bombardment to his face. 
 Gary took on a more human appearance, “Hello Sebastian,” he said, his voice echoing in the freezing air. “I thought it was you. What brings you here?” He leaned through the open window and glanced beyond Sebastian’s head, “no sign of Harry, is he well?”
 He saw that the vet was wearing a simple dark shirt and did not appear bothered by the cold. 
 Sebastian sucked in the air and felt it slice the back of his throat like cold sharp steel. He swallowed and In-between coughs he stuttered weakly, “Harry is fine, fast asleep, but fine, surprisingly so since he’s been away for three weeks.”
 “Three weeks you say,” Gary said, speaking smoothly his speech impediment unnoticeable. “My, these cats will travel. He must have covered a huge distance, probably extending his territory. I should think he’s seen some sights in those three weeks. Reckon he’s been to hell and back. Sounds to me he still thinks he’s a tom. I expect he’ll sleep for a week. What do you think?”
 “Listen!” Sebastian blurted, “I’m here, I’m here because I know what you’ve done Mr. Franklin, I know all about it.” 
 “Oh dear.” Gary frowned and slowly looked toward the house. A second later he looked back, smiling, bright white teeth showing. 
 Sebastian’s mind reeled, him and the house working together, same grin: stop it! 
 Gary went on, “this has all gotten a bit serious, you calling me Mr. Franklin. I can sense these things. Look why don’t you lock the car up, and come inside for a drink. It might warm you up a little.” 
 Sebastian looked again toward the house, at the worn sign below the lamp. “Think I’ll stay here for now, hopefully what I’ve got to say won’t take very long.” 
 “Well, I’m not sure I understand what it is you’re getting at Sebastian.”
 Sebastian felt his confidence growing and wound the window all the way down. The freezing cold air brought with it an absolute end to any previous doubt. “It’s you isn’t it,” he challenged, “it was you all along, harming peoples pets, killing them. I know all about it Mr Franklin.”
 “What?” Gary spat his face screwing up in rage, “killing them. How dare you!” 
 Suddenly Gary’s face disappeared from view. One second he was there, the next he was gone. Sebastian looked all around him. He could hear footsteps on the gravel, and yet could not see anything the windows were too steamy. 
 The sound of shifting gravel abruptly stopped. 
 Quiet for a moment, had he gone? Sebastian rather prayed he had. He had had enough now.
 A gentle shift around him, the car rocked slightly. Sebastian caught his breath. He knew this was not finished just yet.
 Sebastian was about to open the door and then sharply drew his hand away from the handle. He’d heard something behind him, beyond the open window, something scratching on the car, like metal on metal. It went through him, set his nerves on edge. Before he could even consider a reaction, the moon face was back at the window. The smile was a grimace, the eyes creviced. Gary’s long smooth fingers slithered over the glass, squeezing, threatening to snap it. 
 “Mr. Alton, do you realise what a slanderous statement you’ve just made.” His voice hissed like a snake. “How dare you accuse me of such evil, such maliciousness?” He whipped his hands away, almost taking the glass with him, stood up, span round, and with arms outstretched calmly said, “Sebastian the people round here love me, without me their cuddly little animals would be…” he shrugged, “well come inside and see the letters of thanks pinned to the notice board if you need any proof. I care for the animals. I’ll not have you coming round here talking such utter rubbish!”
 Sebastian replied, “you’ve stopped doing it on the hill haven’t you? Now you’re choosing to stay local. Bit too cold up there for you is it. Or is it just that you’ve exhausted the supply.”
 “As I’ve already said…”
 Sebastian cut him off, “and another thing. You need to alter your stories a little bit, they’re becoming repetitive!”
 Gary began to pace, this way and that, shoes kicking at the gravel, “this is ridiculous. You accusing me, I’m a master of my trade…” One hand disappeared into a pocket. It came out holding something long and metal, Sebastian failed to notice. 
 “You poisoned Harry, you almost killed one of Mr. Gates dogs…”
 “Like you should give a damn about him,” Gary retorted. 
 “You killed that old dears, Mrs Wilkes dog from the other side of the hill, and had the audacity to say you were lost!”
 “Smudge.”
 “What!”
 “The name of the animal you are referring to is called Smudge. And you should watch her to. The stupid meddlesome busy body.”
 “And they’re just the ones I know about, other than the woman who came in today. God knows about the ones I don’t.”
 The hand slid back in the pocket. Gary let out a yelp and stuttering said, “Mrs. Hill. She came in did she? Good, I sent her to you, you know.”
 “Why Mr. Franklin?”
 “Why what?”
 “Why do you do it?”
 “What ever I’ve done, Sebastian, whatever answers regarding myself you are looking for are all in your past. Now if you’ll excuse me.” And with that Gary Franklin turned and strolled back toward the house, humming a tune as he went. The light greeted him as he approached the door. 
 Before swinging the door open and jumping out, Sebastian watched him. 
 Then running toward him, he shouted, “Hang on a minute, I haven’t finished.” 
 Gary paused, his hand resting on the handle of the door. As he turned Sebastian caught up with him, grabbed him on the shoulder and span him round. 
 Something in Gary’s eyes, something he had not seen before, something almost feral, evil and deadly. 
 Gary gritted his teeth, the light above caught them, made them glimmer. Sebastian was rooted to the spot, his heart a tight lump in his chest. Oh shit.
 Gary placed a hand back inside his trouser pocket where a dark stain had formed, “Take your scrawny fucking hand off me before I snap it and ram it down your little throat, if nothing more than to shut you up a little.”
 Sebastian did so instantly and took a step back. The two faced each other like that, each breathing harder than before, each ready for whatever was to come next. 
 Sebastian slowly drew air, tried to speak as calmly as he could, “Gary, you need some help, what you’re doing it isn’t right. It can’t possibly be right, let me help you.”
 “Listen Mr. Alton, if ever I need any help I’ll ask for it. Before I go, let me tell you something, give you a piece of advice and something else to think about, something to take your mind away from this little piece of detective work. If you leave things as they are on that lovely hill of yours to fester, then it’s you who will need some help.”
 “What are you talking about?”
 “Well I don’t wish to spoil the fun, but perhaps you should have a chat to that loyal lovely wife of yours Sebastian. Better still have a chat to your friendly neighbour.”
 “Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time for me to leave. I’m already late.”
 “Leave?”
 “Yes, I’m closing up shop. You people round here will need to find someone else to look after your animals I’m afraid. After what you’ve said to me tonight, perhaps I’ll leave a message on the answer machine letting the folk round here know my leaving is due to our feud.” He paused, “no, I’ll not do that, that would be stooping too low. No, I have to go to care for my mother, she’s not got long left for this world I believe.”
 “I’m sorry. Before you go, just tell me why?”
 “Oh for god’s sake Sebastian, you’ve picked at pieces of information, of things that have happened, I admit some disastrous things have happened, Smudge for instance. To come up with this story, this falsehood. It is all in your head. Maybe before I go I should take you to get help. I don’t think we will ever see each other again Sebastian, but if we do I sincerely hope it’s on happier terms. Life is too short.” Gary opened the door and walked inside, a light came on, illuminating Sebastian’s legs. 
 “I know you did it Gary, and I know you need help. Whatever it is you’re doing, whatever the reason, it can’t carry on.”
 As the door slowly swung closed, from inside Gary shouted, “Seb, you don’t know the half of it.”
 Boldly Sebastian pushed the door open and tripping over a suitcase fell into the reception area. 
 Gary was just disappearing through the door beyond the desk. On hearing the commotion, he turned to see Sebastian scrambling on the floor where he’d fallen.  
 Giggling like a small child, his fingers resting below his bottom lip, Gary said, “Oh dear Sebastian, what a mess.”
 Sebastian righted himself, “one last question, then I’m gone.”
 “Go on.”
 “Why did you give Jade the message.”
 “The message”
 “About our secret.”
 “Ah yes, very clever of me don’t you think. It was simply to remind you not to mention that you’d seen me there the night before.”
 “Because more people would know that it was you who killed smudge.”
 “No, because I didn’t want anyone else to know of my affair; which, oh and thanks for asking, ended in tragedy. Now if you please, I really must be getting on.”
 He walked toward Sebastian, who took two steps backward and before he realised, was back in the night air. The door shut before him, a lock clicked into place. 
 A muffled voice from beyond the door, “goodnight Sebastian, sweet dreams.”
 With hands shoved deep in his pockets, Sebastian wandered back to his car, climbed inside, turned the ignition, and as the windscreen demisted, simply waited. 
 Ten minutes later, carrying two large suitcases, Gary Franklin left the house. Without a glance toward Sebastian, he drove away. Sebastian watched the tail lights eventually fade into the night.  
 “Well Freddie, what do you make of that?”
 For a while, Sebastian stared at the air freshener, then, while the car warmed up, allowed his head to fall back against the headrest. Exhausted, he closed his eyes, with the image of Freddie, of Gary, and the house etched in his mind’s eye. 
 He had no awareness of the time now, or little care. For the first time this evening he was safe, secure and relieved. His father would have been proud, he was sure.
 He let his mind wander. Sometime later, he had no idea how much later, no idea if he had slept or not, he opened his eyes. Startled he realised the fragments of a dream, fragments from a closed past were with him now in the car. 
 His car felt like a dream bus.  
 Suddenly everything was clear. He looked at the air freshener his eyes widening. “Freddie,” he said, his voice groggy, “you’ve been trying to tell me something for sometime now haven’t you.” 
 By way of a reply, Freddie gave a little shake from side to side. Sebastian stared harder at him then laughed as a lorry went past.  
 He closed his eyes once more.
 It was as though, while he slept, the mailman had opened his passenger door and delivered him a large chunk of history. The chunk he had locked away. A tear fell from an eye and irritated his lip. He licked it, its salt reminding him of a family summer holiday a lifetime ago: 
 A Sandcastle, with a moat, his father and him, shovel each, digging deeper, sand in his mouth, ‘spit it out son’ he did and hit fast forward.
 His father stabbed, lying in a pool of sticky blood. The funeral and the rain, washing away tears, not his though, not then. 
 Another tear fell and another, “Sorry dad”. Fast-forward again, to the killer, a messed up junky, a junky that had gone on to take his own life. 
 Then being uprooted and leaving behind friends he’d never see again and going up north. Just him and mum starting again. From there, inevitable that he’d start a new school, make new friends. That school, old like that house: echoing corridors, damp walls in winter, sweaty in summer. Itchy uniforms. Not fit to burn.
 That boy, that horrible boy, how could he forget. 
 He was the same age as Sebastian, had black hair and big bright eyes and the girls how they loved him, until he spoke, then they ran, laughing.
 Sebastian remembered one day specifically as though the memory had never left him. During break, the boy with the black hair and the eyes had somehow managed to get into the biology room. By the time the teacher arrived, not only had the boy killed every rat and frog. He had also managed to chop off their limbs and heads, and was found at a table surrounded by body parts and plenty of bloody gore. He was picking out the best pieces, trying to stick them together. 
 Children who, from the classroom door, had witnessed the scene said the teacher had slipped on some of the mess, screamed and fainted. By the time the headmaster arrived, the boy had managed to stick a frog’s head onto a rat’s body. Sometime later, sometime after he had gone away, rumours said he had been trying to make a super animal.  
 No one ever saw him after that; no one was bothered either. Everyone just assumed he had gone to the mad house, and yet here he had been after all those years. How had he forgotten? How could he not remember something so dramatic? “I blocked it all out Freddie along with the memories of my dad.” 
 Yet, now it had all come tumbling back down on him like an avalanche. He looked at Freddie, “Sometimes I guess you just can’t see things even when they’re staring you in the face. Well mate, one thing for sure, he is never going to admit it. He obviously has some kind of mental illness. He must have spent all his life like this. Weird. I’m glad he’s gone, but you know I’m sure I could have got him some help if he’d have let me.” He laughed an empty laugh, “tell you what, I should have had a word with him about you, maybe I could have asked him to turn you into a talking frog for me. Reckon we’d have both liked that.” 
 He turned the lights on, stole a look toward the light, the faded sign, turned the car around, and headed for the hill. 
 As he drove, clearer now, more aware than ever, he felt he finally understood something. Gary Franklin had done those things, he hadn’t admitted but he had, and something somewhere deep inside of him had wanted Sebastian to know. A cry for help, dropping hints about their shared past like that, it had to have been. He could not tell him, how could he if he could not admit it to himself, but somewhere deep inside was the little boy crying out for help, knowing about his past. Perhaps, Sebastian thought, he feels I’m the only one who could help him stop. 
 Strange for him to take Harry again though, why would he do that? And place him under the car like he did. Not for the first time Sebastian wished Harry could talk. 
 Sometime later when he pulled into the drive at home he wondered with some excitement what Jade would think of all this. Would she be proud at his detective work? He hoped so. 
 As he walked through the house turning on the lights, he realised how exhausted he was. His head throbbed and he was trembling, the cold had left his body aching. He needed to eat. In the kitchen, he noticed a pile of unwashed dishes by the side of the sink. The sink itself was full of more dishes lying in cold dirty water. He looked in the fridge, the freezer and the cupboards before finally realising he was not hungry after all.
 He called out to Jade, knowing his response would be silence. He leaned over the boiler, “just you and me boy,” he said to Harry who slept by the side of the boiler on a blanket. “What’s he given you Harry? What’s that mad man done to you, and to me for that matter?” 
 He stood, and as he made to leave the kitchen he noticed a note stuck to the fridge door. It read:  
 ‘Seb gone to mums, my brother’s home. It looks like Steve’s been able to sort it out. I’m probably stopping their tonight. See you tomorrow. Jade.’
 And that was that. No mention of whether Harry had woken up or not. No mention of her day. No ‘I love you.’ 
 He locked the doors, turned out the lights, washed and went to bed.  
 He was back at the Victorian house, outside, stood in the same spot as his car was parked earlier. He tried the door handle. The car faded, became translucent, his hand going straight through. ‘Just a dream’ he told himself, ‘just a dream’. He relaxed a little.
 High above, the clear black night, awash with glittering stars, some he knew: the plough and orion’s belt and there were thousands more he could never dream of knowing. They shifted and pulsed. An owl flew by his head. He felt he could follow him, fly amongst the stars.
 On the ground below his bare feet was a thin layer of powder snow and small cat prints. Harry was here somewhere sharing his dream. 
 Over at the Victorian house, the lamp above the sign shone brightly, below which two people stood together, a man and a woman. Sebastian’s heart went out to them with small pangs of envy. They seemed very much in love. Sebastian could hear their voices coming to him as whispers on a light breeze and though he could not understand their words, he knew they were words of passion, of lust and of secrets he was not privy to. 
 Beyond them, a light came on in a window. Gary’s bright grinning moon face appeared. It was too large; he seemed to be squashed in. Below Sebastian, Harry appeared, brushed himself against his legs, stiffened when he saw Gary, and roared like a lion. 
 Gary saw them both. He waved then immediately disappeared. The light went out and for now other than the light above the sign the lovers were left in darkness. From within the house came the sound of a dog barking, howling. Slowly it became nothing more than a wail. 
 Behind him came movement. He turned that way and saw it was Ed getting out of the car. He had the same translucent consistency. Sebastian giggled as he placed a hand through Ed’s midriff. “Does that tickle?” he asked.
 Ed’s face was full of misery and regret, “I am sorry Seb for not believing you, sorry for not helping you. I guess it’s all to late now.” 
 “Don’t worry Ed, you’re here now, and everything is fine, it’s all sorted. Gary’s gone away for good!” As if to back him up, Gary left the house and walked toward the car ignoring the couple by the door who were now hugging and kissing. 
 “Have you met Harry?” Sebastian asked.
 Sadly Ed shook his head and bent down on all fours. Harry came to greet him, their noses rubbed together. Harry opened his mouth and sucked in the misty air that Ed breathed out. Then Ed was gone. 
 “Oh dear,” was all Sebastian could say.
 On the lawn Sebastian saw a small child playing. The boy looked up at Sebastian, waved, and ran toward him. 
 “Look what I found daddy, look.” He placed an open hand toward him and when he was close enough Sebastian bent over to study it.     
 Inside the boys hand was a new wooden peg. It was four or five inches long. Sebastian saw his name was roughly inscribed on it. Sebastian took it from him and said, “thanks son, did you do this?”
 The boy shook his head and pointed toward the lovers, “I took it from his pocket. It was sticking out. Sebastian, that is your name isn’t it daddy?”
 “Yes it is son, what’s yours?”
 The boy laughed, “silly daddy, its Sebastian too, well it was… I think that was my first name. Oh it’s confusing. I will have to choose another name one day. We could do that now.”
 Sebastian placed the peg in his pocket and said, “okay.”
 “Remmie,” said the boy. 
 “Remmie?” 
 “I like it. It sounds nothing like Sebastian, and that’s important I think.” 
 “But do you like it.”
 “Do you?”
 Sebastian smiled and ruffled the boys blond curly hair, “I love it Remmie.” 
 “Remmie it is then.”
 “Yes.” 
  “Though I imagine they’ll call me Sebastian first.”
 Across at the house they both looked as Gary left his car open and walked back through the door brushing passed the couple as he did. 
 “Daddy,” Remmie said while looking toward the house.
 “Yes Remmie.”
 “What’s mummy doing with that man.”
 “Oh it’s not your mum son, it’s just two people happily in love.“ He knew though that as the words fell from his lips and fell to the snow where they would freeze for an eternity in his mind that he was wrong. 
 He looked toward the couple and watched with horror as they separated. Jade, his wife stared back at them, her expression impossible to read. Steve Gates bunched his hands into fists and followed the vet into the house. 
 In Sebastian’s mind denial had him believe the couple before were gone now and that Jade must have arrived afterwards.
 Jade faltered, a hand going to her brow; then ran toward them as fast as she could, her arms open wide, her face pure happiness. 
 “My son,” she cried, “Seb, you brought me my son. I always knew you would.” When she was little more than twenty feet away her speed slowed. Her smile cracked. Below her feet the snow, dirty now with gravel and mud crawled up her legs. Long fingers of the stuff, like tentacles, squeezed against the flesh of her thighs and pulled her back and down into the ground. 
 Sebastian and Remmie could only watch as she quickly became nothing more than a small pile on the ground. 
 “Now that is a shame,” said Remmie, “I was hoping to meet her. Well goodbye daddy, I’m sure I’ll see you soon.”
 “Goodbye son.”
 Sebastian proudly watched the boy, his boy, walk away, across the lawn. Remmie turned once and waved. Sebastian wanted to stay here with his son. He tried to follow him. The message failed to get to his legs and he stayed put. 
 At the house, smoke bellowed from the windows, then bright orange flames licked at the wood, growing higher and higher dancing in the night sky, threatening to burn out the stars. The lamp exploded, the sign fell to the floor. 
 Steve walked from the house, his head down and shoulders hunched. With each footstep he became increasingly faint until finally he too was gone. 


*  *  *
 

 From the hallway he watched him restlessly turning and jumping alone in bed. 
 In his little way he was curious at what he was dreaming about and in his way he knew that he had him to thank for his security. 
  
 The following morning Sebastian woke early, he felt groggy, cold and terribly alone. His head felt like a jumbled mass of wires were scratching at the inside of his skull. 
 At the foot of the bed he found a dead mouse lying there. 


Part two
Winter


Chapter thirty five
Nick calls for Calm


Sadly, as is so often the case with pleasant dreams, something disturbed the young boy’s, which for such a long time had been filled with so much excitement. 
 It was almost Christmas. So close the boy could touch it, feel its effect; a tingly sensation on his fingertips like when he was lost in thought he would lightly draw circles on the edge of his thumb with his index finger. 
 Before he had gone to bed that evening, he had assured his parents, much to the disgust of his elder sister, that he still believed in Santa Claus, and that there was nothing anyone could say to make him feel or believe any different. The truth was he had given up on Santa Claus two years previous after seeing his father bringing presents into the house on Christmas Eve. He had heard him closing the gate and spied on him from a tiny crack in his bedroom curtains. 
 But if pretending to believe in Santa Claus ensured he received his brand new skateboard then he was more than happy to play along. 
 He had been happily dreaming of being on his brand new board, a Blueprint, built up with carefully chosen components by himself, and riding in a huge Skateboard park with everyone he knew but now the dream was fading and being replaced by something more foreboding. 
 He had been at the top of a huge ramp and a cool breeze ruffled through his hair. On the right side of him everything, the trees, people, buildings and clouds suddenly began to distort as his dog, Calm, tried to push his way in. He was trying to tell him something, trying to grab his attention.  
 At first, and for a while, he tried to ignore the irritation, so focused was he on getting the jump right, impressing his friends was everything. 
 As he sped down the ramp, a huge metallic sheet with twinkling lights either side, he glimpsed looks of admiration from his friends and sister.
 On the end of the group sat Calm, the boy could see he looked sad.  
 Clearly, something was wrong with Calm, something dark. The monster from the woods was coming for him. The boy was certain. He looked again at Calm. Is that it Calm? Is the nasty monster from the woods coming for you? Calm barked. No not quite, but close enough. 
 The twinkling lights switched off. The metallic ramp, his friends, sister, Calm and his board, faded, to become nothing more than snowflakes, and in the darkness he was running. Everything was black but he needed no markers to find his way. Then he was back in his bedroom, in bed, still asleep, still acutely aware that Calm needed him, needed him right now! From nowhere Calm barked once more.
 Luckily for Calm, this was no ordinary kid from the hill. No he was Nick Skateboard, a super hero. He would be the one to save Calm from danger, from the monsters death stare and tearing claws. For in dreams you could be whatever you wanted to be, that is what his mum always said. Therefore, he was not scared at all. 
 In his dreams, he pulled the cover, the protective anti radiation sheet, away from his body. The jumper he had worn to bed over his pyjamas to help ward off the chilly nights (winter on the hill was cold, colder when your mum and dad decided to keep the bills down, Christmas being an expensive time), was made from a material from another planet, a gift for his past heroics. It was light and full of pockets and zips and had over twenty-four brightly coloured buttons on the front, each serving a different task. 
Top left: invisibility. 
Bottom right: super speed. 
His favourite, the one in the middle: anti gravity. 
For the moment, his trainers were just that: trainers.   
 He slid the heavy box away from the bedroom door and slipped through onto the landing. 
 From somewhere Calm was calling out to him, telling him to hurry.  
 This evenings mission was simple: save Calm from the monster. Use all force necessary. After tonight the monster would be no more. He would banish him from this world forever. 
 Nick pressed a button and quietly glided down the stairs into the hallway. It was dark. He’d left his night vision goggles in the bedroom. Too late to go and get them, Calm needed him now! 
 He glided through an open door into the kitchen and stood by the back door. Using his magic powers, he unlocked it and slid through into the freezing air, but of course, he did not feel it, after all, he was super human, cold could not pierce his skin. Behind him the door swung shut. The lock clicked into place. It did not matter. Once he had defeated the monster he would become nothing more than smoke and find his way through a gap in a window. That would be easy, nothing to worry about. 
 Straight ahead, across the yard at the rear of the garage, lay Calms oversized kennel, big enough for a family of dogs. Nick looked and though he could not see him, he should not have forgotten the goggles, could feel him lying there, tucked into the back of it. He took a step closer, his trainer crunching on well-packed snow. There she was, still sleeping, safe, good Nick thought. 
 Now, which way would the monster attack? He scanned the surrounding area. To his left, the lawn and garden, a sheet of white. His old swing sat in the middle, untouched since the summer, a throwback to a memory of being a normal boy on the hill. The high wooden fence beyond was impassable. Unless the monster could fly, which he did not think he could, he would have to come from the front of the house. 
 He looked that way, beyond the narrow pathway between the house wall and the garage wall, toward the front gate. With alarm he saw it was pushed open. Recently too. Snow had gathered up in a pile where the gate now rested and it hadn’t started snowing until bedtime. 
 The monster was already here!
 He fought with the aching fear welling up from his belly. He was Nick Skateboard he reminded himself. He did not know fear!   
 Then he heard a scraping sound between the kennel and the back of the garage. He looked and saw a black lump hunched over. He took a snow-crunching step toward it. Ever so slightly, it moved! 
 Nick stopped. His trainer resting lightly on the snow, the footprint not yet defined. The black shape moved again and took on form. Nick could make out a head and arms, and although it was covered in black, possibly some kind of armour, it was man size. 
 Ah, he thought, a shape shifter. I have met your type before. You are no match for my powers. No match at all! 
 The black shape extended its long black limbs. One reached over the top of the kennel. Nick saw long fingers with grip like tentacles feeling their way for purchase. At the end of another limb Nick could make out something long and silver. A knife! Well that was silly. A knife was no match for his powers. This would be easier than he thought. The hand reached up high and pressed against the garage wall, the metal blade scraped against the brick. 
 Before the monster had a chance to raise his ugly head, Nick thought to finish him straight away. He would fire a lighting bolt at him. 
 He lifted his left hand and with palm facing up and fingers tensed he brought it back behind his head then quickly pushed it forward.  
 He shouted  “pow,” as the bolt was released.  
 Nothing happened. 
 The monster man stretched out and grew to full height. Nick could see he was much taller than his dad, Anthony. He lifted his hooded head and shook the snow from his body. 
 Nick raised his hand again and instantly fired another bolt: nothing! 
 In fact, the monster seemed to be smiling. Was he mocking him, mocking his powers? This monster was going to need something more deadly. Nick thought quickly. 
 Then the monster began to speak!


* * *


Earlier that evening while Nick was still dreaming about his new skateboard, Sebastian had stood alone on his snow-covered lawn, struggling with a childish burning desire to build a snowman. For now, with the heavy snowfall ceased, Mowen Hill was a blanket of white, beneath a heavy winter’s night. 
 He’d stood there for what felt like an hour and then, high above, was a break in the clouds. The full moons light cast its glare over the hillside. Instinctively Sebastian looked down. Below him, surrounding his feet was a sea of twinkling crystals. 
 For a short time, he kept them still, not wanting to disturb or disrupt the priceless display. He cast quick and urgent glances toward the heavens and prayed they would freeze the movement of the clouds, just for a while, just so he could firmly store this image in his mind. 
 It was all almost enough to shake the undeniable feeling of dread he had struggled with for the past month. Almost all the tonic he needed. 
 In his minds eye he watched Jade, their virtual son and himself rolling the snow. Together creating a huge crystal ball: the snowman’s belly. 
 “Make it bigger!” the boy cried, “bigger than the house. Bigger than the world!”
 Laughing, Jade threw a snowball at him. Sebastian threw one back. Then the boy joined in. Soon there was more snow in the air than on the ground, everybody was laughing, and everybody was happy. 
 It was a self-concocted vision of warming emotion strong enough to melt the snow it played itself out on. 
 Sometime beyond midnight he determined it was time to go to bed. Before his feet left their prints the sound of a car approaching broke the silence. He waited hoping it was Jade. Hoping she had decided to come home after all. 
 It was not. The sound of the cars engine faded somewhere down the hillside and with it hope. 
 Unwilling to let this setback send him hellward he tried to think positively. Jade was happy. Her relationship with her mother was growing stronger by the day and her brother was working, which reminded him, he needed to speak to Steve Gates to thank him for the help he had given. He had left it too long. Him and Steve hadn’t spoken now for such a long time and though they hadn’t argued Sebastian knew that something had come between the makings of a friendship. He hoped it had nothing to do with his undying interest in the spill work rattle. 
 With thoughts of snowman making forgotten, he walked into the house, locked the doors, and after checking on Harry, went straight to bed. By twelve thirty, he was dreaming. 
 Although Sebastian had never been on an ice rink before, never worn skates, he was skating superbly. The evening air, cold, crisp, and fresh, like icy fingers brushing against his face, was exhilarating. 
 Far beyond and all around, black mountains fell into the frozen lake he skated on. Above him, thousands of huge fluorescent tubes hung from the stars, illuminating the lake, Sebastian, and all the other people who skated up ahead of him. The tubes made a shape like the spill work rattle and every so often Sebastian saw a face up there watching him. 
 Everybody went in the same anti clockwise direction, around an enormous and fluffy snowman planted central. 
 Children of all shapes, sizes, and ages, waved franticly. The snowman smiled, his laughter echoing around the mountains. He waved back and as he did crystal snowflakes fell from his chunky fingers. 
 With hands held lightly behind him, Sebastian followed the people, the families, as they skated around and around, picking out the ones he knew. Either side of his best friend Ed was his wife and Sophie, both pushing prams. 
 With a duster in her left hand, Paula followed two older distressed looking folks. The man carried a tatty library book and a large black spider hung to his ear by a web. 
 To Paula’s right was the annoying stumpy shape of Adam. His thick wooden skates gouged deep grooves into the ice, causing the small children behind him to trip and fall.
 To Paula’s left were Joseph and Larry. The prior, with his good hand, held a half full pint glass, the latter held cigarettes in both and puffed away madly while shouting, “your shadows your only friend Sebastian.” 
 Ahead of Paula was Anthony with his wife and daughter. A small way behind, his son, the skate border Nick. 
 Further still, at the head of the crowd, leading them all it seemed was Steve Gates. He held up a large white flag and on it Sebastian could clearly see the image of the spill work rattle. Steve skated hand in hand with a dark haired woman. A woman he knew yet was not ready to acknowledge he knew. Not yet, although every so often the smell of her hair, lavender, would fill his senses. 
 After a time he noticed he was falling further behind everybody. His thoughts drew themselves inwards. He blinked and for a moment the ice rink and everything else were replaced by an empty room. A bulb above Sebastian flickered and he could see meat hangers above him. On the brick wall ahead two words flashed at him: Cold and Lonely, two words he felt belonged together. Two words which were inseparable. Two words that bore the child miserable that grew to its late teens married despair and gave birth to an abundance of self-pity. His own happy typical family he would skate with. He remembered he was skating and blinked again. He was back on the ice rink. 
 After a while he had an acute awareness of warmth. The warmth bore feelings of kindness, gentleness, and love. It began in the fingers of his right hand, caressing where it spread. 
 The warmth spread along his arm toward his shoulder and collarbone and soon approached his neck and face. The weight of it pulled him. He glanced down and looked into the face of the boy with the blond curly hair. His son.
 “Hello Remmie,” he said.  
 “Hello,” said Remmie. Shall I skate with you for a while?”
 “That would be nice. Thank you.” 
  Together as father and son they skated, hand in hand, around the snowman following and slowly gaining on the crowd. 
  A short while later from a gap in the mountains, where a black forest lay, Sebastian and Remmie saw a figure equally as black as the forest emerge. It glided across the lake by the side of the snowman and headed toward the crowd. Some of the people turned. Most waved and smiled. He was faster than all of them and they allowed him to pass. 
 Soon the black figure was behind the young boy, Nick, he slowed to match his pace. For a while he became nothing more than the boys shadow. 
 Remmie pulled at Sebastian’s arm and said, “we need to watch him. He’s very naughty. I thought he had gone for good.” 
 Sebastian looked into the boys eyes, noticed with alarm how faded the boy had become and asked, “why Remmie?”
 But Remmie did not answer. He faded more, becoming transparent. Sebastian could feel the cold creeping along his arm as his son completely disappeared.


* * *
 

 “Now, now what have we here? This is an unexpected surprise.”
The monster man took a step toward him. Nick fired another bolt. Nothing. Damn. He felt for his stun gun. It was not there. He had left in the bedroom with his night vision goggles. Fool.
 Now what? The monster man was closing in. He had to think fast. To buy himself time he pressed the anti-gravity button. Nothing happened. 
 He pressed the invisibility button. If it worked the monster did not seem to notice. A quick look to the floor confirmed it. He could still see his trainers. 
 Finally he stood in a martial art pose, legs lightly spread and both hands relaxed one forward one back. He tensed. His lead arm was like a sword, his fingers, they were the most deadly of knives. Although he had never practised martial arts, being super human meant that you knew how to use your body as a weapon. Common sense told him that.
 The monster man closed on him. Nick could see the knife was pointed toward him as the monster man spoke again, “now there is no need for that.”
 Nick ignored the words and stood ready. He could feel the heat in his thighs as his knees flexed. When the monster man was no more than two feet away Nick struck with all his might. It was a killing blow to the monster man’s neck. But Nick’s strike fell on emptiness as the monster man dodged him. He grabbed him by the arm and speaking sternly said, “stop this now, before you get hurt little boy!”
 Nick looked down in shock at his arm where the monster man gripped him. He was sure his arm would be squeezed off. How could this be? I’m superhuman. 
 “I’m super human,” he screamed, “you are the monster I must defeat. Let go of me. Now!” Nick felt the grip to his arm loosen a little.
 “Monster? I am no monster. Most certainly not!”
 The man grinned at him. The knife inches from Nick’s face. Nick tried to forget about it. He tensed the tiny muscles of his right arm, made a fist so tight his fingernails almost tore the skin, pulled it back and punched at the monster man’s face with all the super human strength he could muster. He cried out but did not let go. 
 “Stop it.” The man seethed, “stop this now.” 
 Nick tried the same again but this time the monster man was ready. The hand holding the knife blocked the blow. And as Nicks fist was deflected the sharp blade effortlessly sliced through Nick’s jumper, pyjama top and skin, cutting deep into his bicep. 
 The first Nick knew of this was a feeling of intense warmth on his forearm and hand, followed by an aching cold. 
 Numb, his arm fell to his side. He looked up at the monster man’s face and saw something there, something reflecting from his eyes: sadness or sorrow. He was not sure which. None of this was supposed to happen, not to a super hero.  
 With eyes wide, he looked down at his arm and followed the dripping blood where it sank into the snow-covered floor. For the first time he truly felt the icy cold. It chilled him from the inside out and made his belly ache. 
 His confidence was beginning to waver with the knowledge, and had developed into a nightmare. Shivering he whispered, “mummy where are my powers? I’m supposed to be super human. Mummy…” He felt himself falling and sinking. The monsters man’s face became smaller and smaller until it was nothing more than a pinprick. His body became heavier and heavier. It’s okay, he thought, just a dream after all. He was ready to go back to his friends now and his skateboard. It was time to finish the jump. Calm would be fine now. 
 One second of reprieve was all he was granted before rough shaking and stern words dragged him back to the nightmare he had hoped to escape from. 
 The monster mans eyes were wide black holes he could do nothing but stare into. The teeth, huge white saliva covered fangs, clattered about, “now look what you’ve made me do,” he spat, “you stupid, stupid little boy!” 
 With a realisation infinite times more frightening than the nightmare itself came the ideation that this was real! This was actually happening. He had sleepwalked! He had fooled himself into opening the bedroom door, then walked downstairs and outside.
 He threw himself away from the man. He slipped and fell on his backside. Standing on shaky legs he turned and flew toward the back door and pushed with all his might. It was locked! He hit at it with the palm of his good hand. It shook but that was all. Finally he sucked in air and let out a scream and what came from his lungs was an empty breath. 
 The monster man spoke calmly as Nick turned to face him, “it’s weird isn’t it when you try and scream and nothing will come out. It used to happen a lot to me when my mother was in one of her strange moods. She never had the heating on. I think the cold has probably numbed your vocal chords.” 
 “Leave me alone,” Nick croaked. “Just wait until my dad finds out about this, he’ll kill you for this.”
 “Little boy your dad will need an army to bring me down. Now put away your nasty little tongue before I cut it out for you!” The man sneered and took a step toward him.


* * *


In his dream, Sebastian skated on following the crowd round and round the huge snowman. Every now and again he would stumble, after the first time he had looked down to see canyon size grooves in the ice, cut by Adam Blake. From another place came a warning. ‘Adam Blake will do anything to leave his mark on this world.’ For the time being Nick and the shadow figure were out of sight. 
 Remmie had gone. It was as though he was never there. 
 Sebastian was feeling the cold and so skated faster. 


* * *


Nick was as good as frozen to the spot. His trainers were thick blocks of snow. His feet and toes, fingers and thumbs, like tender wedges of ice. 
 Devoid of all feeling other than numb pain. The only things still fluid were the beginnings of tears and two streams of mucus running from his tiny noise. He sniffed with little effect. 
 A hidden voice in his head blamed him for this mess. Assured him that if he had told mum and dad he was still sleepwalking in the first place than this would never have happened. Right now he would be tucked up in bed dreaming about Christmas and skateboards. He wanted to tell the voice to just shut up and leave him alone, but he knew it was right. How could it be anything else? 
 The man took yet another step, slipped on the snow, put out a hand to stop himself from falling and dropped the knife to the floor.  “Oops that was silly of me.” 
 Anywhere else Nick would have laughed. 
 “Oh dear,” said the man as he bent down to retrieve it. “Now where did it go? I cannot lose that one. It’s my favourite! Help me look for it.” 


* * *
 

Sebastian had almost caught up with the crowd when he became aware Remmie was back. 
 “Sorry,” he said looking up at Sebastian, “I had to see a man about a dog.”
 Sebastian could only laugh.
 They both looked as the figure in black launched himself toward Nick but fell short and instead crashed to the ice, his arms wrapping around themselves. For a second he scrambled about but was up and skating before Sebastian and Remmie could get close. 
 Nick looked behind and tripped himself. Other than Sebastian and Remmie no one else seemed to notice. 
 “Do you know what he’s doing?” Sebastian asked, gesturing toward the figure. 
 “I think he’s causing you mischief.” Remmie pointed at the flag. “Why’s Mummy holding hands with that man again?”
 “Steve Gates, they are just good friends. He’s our neighbour.”   
 “Are you sure?”
 “They’re just good friends Remmie that’s all.”
 “I’m not so sure.” Urgently Remmie pulled at Sebastian’s hand and said, “where’s the boy gone? What’s happened to him?”
Before Sebastian could answer. Remmie had again disappeared.
 One loop around the snowman and Remmie was back, holding his hand. 
 “Where do you keep disappearing to Remmie?”
 “I’m trying to stop him, but I don’t know if I can.”
 “Stop who? Stop what?”
 “Look!”
 Sebastian looked and horrified saw that the figure in black was skating against the crowd now, skating toward and then passed them, off toward the woods. He was carrying something under his coat, something that wriggled and was all arms and legs. Sebastian gasped as he recognised the black figure. 
 “He’s got Nick. We have to do something!”
 “You can’t, not here, not now but I will do what I can. I must go now. Goodbye Daddy.”
 “Goodbye son.”
 Sebastian watched as the boy swerved in and out of the crowd and followed the figure into the forest. 
 He woke in a cold sweat, confused and disturbed. Fragments of the dream washed away. He let them instead clinging to the knowledge that something was wrong. He felt for Jade and remembered she was not there. His thoughts turned to Steve Gates. He pushed them aside. Ultimately they settled on the boy Nick and a dreadful feeling washed over him. 
 He finally closed his eyes again an hour later but by then everything that was to be was already done. All Sebastian could do was follow the path laid out before him. The path firmly set down the day he flicked the spider’s web, the day he found Harry under the car. 


Chapter thirty six
If you go down to the woods today


Nick watched the man crawl about on his hands and knees and became
aware that the voice of reason had been silenced. He was conscious of a strange calmness, an emptiness, no emotion or fear, no past or future, all was here and now.  
 The man looked up and candidly asked, “are you going to just stand there or are you going to help me?” 
 Gentle giggling slowly filled the void followed by a kind voice, not his but one from far away. It was faint but definitely that of a boy, ‘it’s under the kennel. It’s going to be a minute or two before he finds it. Run now. Use everything you’ve got. Go to the woods. Go now!’ 
 The very mention of the word ‘woods’ brought on an altogether fresh panic. ‘But the monster in the woods…’ Nick mentally replied. His thought was cut off, ‘…you must trust me. Go now!’ 
 Without further hesitation Nick turned to his right and sprinted down the yard. His trainers gave him just enough grip to prevent a nasty fall. With both hands he held onto the gate and slammed it shut behind him. At the same time he used it for balance and to pivot on as he allowed himself to slide out onto the footpath. 
 As he let go his momentum caused him to overshoot the kerb. He fell and rolled into the middle of the road but was up before he knew it, running as fast as he could, down the middle of the deserted road. Fresh blood pumped through his icy legs. 
 As he pounded down the road away from home snow began to fall again and for the first time Nick noticed how misty it was. The only light came in the form of dull orange glows from streetlights to his left and right. He sped passed them like a plane on a runway prior to take off. 
 When he approached the end of Church Street he skidded to a stop and turned to look back the way he had come. His breath was coming fast now. 
 Other than falling snow, nothing moved. It looked like any other empty road. He glanced at the houses on both sides of the street. They were all dark and for the first time Nick wondered what time it was. 
 From his vantage point he could just make out the gate to his home. Was it open again or shut? He could not tell for sure. Had he escaped? Had the man given up? Perhaps he was he still after Calm. Or was that just a part of the dream? He stood at the junction and decided to slowly count to a hundred. If nothing happened he would go back, somehow get his dad’s attention, and then check on Calm. 
 He looked at his arm, it ached, but the bleeding seemed to be stopping. Good, he thought, probably just a scratch after all.  
 In his head he began to count: ‘one two three four,’ all the while his focus staying on the gate. 
 At twenty he noticed the snow was thickening. 
 By thirty he had failed to control the chattering of his teeth.
 By forty he was struggling to focus, each snowflake was another object for his wandering eyes to acknowledge. 
 By fifty on the right side edge of his vision, he saw something move!   
 With both eyes wide and fully alert he stared toward the spot where he had seen something. Whatever it was, was two house lengths up from where he stood. It had been on the footpath or road as he would have expected but in a front yard. 
 Stuck on fifty he stared hard at the spot but there was nothing there. Nothing moved. He tried to tell himself he was wrong, it was just his imagination playing tricks.
 Run or carry on counting. He was torn fifty, fifty. Another twenty-five then he thought and then we will see.
 He began again and got to sixty, which seemed to take forever.
 At seventy he realised how stupid he had been but it was too late now to have a heated debate with the voice of reason and go through all the ‘what ifs.’ For, one house up now, again on his right hand side, beyond the front wall of Mr. Johnston’s, a black shape shifted. As soon as it had come, it had gone again. 
 Before he could still it, a low moan escaped his mouth and he felt his legs give.
 Nick followed the natural line the shape would most likely take behind the wall, which was toward Mr. Johnston’s front gate. He watched with absolute numbing terror as the gate slowly swung open! 
 His brain, stuck on counting to one hundred before a decision about what to do next, screamed out the final thirty all at once. The icy air enveloped his vocal chords, ripped away their power and volume and so it came as a weak desperate wail. 
 A pale grinning face, enshrouded with black sodden hair, looked up from beyond the wall and sharply said, “now you just stay there! No thanks to you, I’ve found my beloved.” He waved the knife in the air for Nick to see. 
 Just as in the dreams where something is chasing you or coming for you, something perhaps you cannot yet see but you instinctively know that if it reaches you, you are as good as dead, was exactly how it felt for Nick now. But this was no dream, this wasn’t something to wake up from and thank the lord it wasn’t real.
 The time it took for Nick to pull his eyes away from the man as he slid through the gate was a lifetime of pain and suffering. 
 Once he had, his rubber legs found a new leash of life and once again he was running, running for his life.
 He quickly made it to the other side of the junction, over the stile, and onto the track. It was bumpy and slippery and a couple of times he felt his ankle give way. He absorbed the pain, stored it away. So long as everything still worked that was all that mattered.  
 Up ahead a large silver car was parked on the track cutting off his path. He ran onto the field and stole a quick look back toward the car as he rejoined the track. Something about it jolted something within his memory. Beyond the car the man followed. He looked like a giant running bat about to take flight. His long coat forming huge black wings which madly flapped about behind him. 
 A minute later, halfway to the woods, Nick stole another look. The man was closing. 
 Fresh panic created fresh adrenalin, a much needed power boost. He had to get to the woods as soon as possible, reasoning that if he could get through to the other side then he could zigzag his way through one of the paths and not take the obvious route to his grandma’s house. Once there with Mrs. Wilkes he would be safe. He was sure of it. The man would never find him there. How could he? 
 Up ahead stood the woods, a huge black daunting mass. The narrow opening in the middle was a yawning mouth. The piles of snow lying on the bumpy track were shining white teeth, beckoning him in. 
 He ran straight for it, half expecting the mouth to snap shut behind him, half praying it would. Better the devil you know, he thought, and he knew this devil better than the one chasing him. 
 Seconds later he was inside. What little light there had been was now halved. His small eyes took time to adjust and he punched the air in frustration.  
 Another wide-eyed stare behind and there he was, just coming through the mouth. Sadly it had not closed. 
 Facing the wrong way, and still running, he never stood a chance against the large root. His left foot came down hard on its slimy surface. It slid along the length to the point where the root embedded itself below the rotting leaves far into the frozen earth. Hopelessly unbalanced, Nick catapulted, flipped sideways and smashed against the unforgiving wood. Each and every rib on his left side bounced independently along the roots unyielding length. 
 He came to rest somewhere beyond the root, winded, exhausted, feeling pain beyond belief, and crawled to his hands and knees. Crying, he rubbed his eyes, filled them with dirt, making them worse. He could not see. His glasses! Where were his glasses? 
 In the same position, he lifted his head, each hand franticly rummaging the ground ahead, to his left, and right. 
 A second later an indistinctive black cloud, a smudge on his diminished vision, shifted and floated above him. As he tried to focus a long piece of the cloud, more solid, a limb then, separated from the rest. It slowly reached out in front of him, swayed side to side, before coming close to his face. His hand knocked against it. He flinched, let out a yelp and sprang backwards. 
 “Here, take these.” Nick pushed the glasses onto his face. The man stood ahead of him. His long black coat had come to rest aside his legs. When he next spoke, it was between steaming breaths that came thick and fast. The tone though was softer almost caring. 
 “I think that’s enough running for one night don’t you?” He crouched and placed a gloved hand first on Nick’s shoulder, then gave him a soft brush along his arm that Nick scarcely felt. 
 “Let me take a look. Oh dear, I appear to have cut you quite deeply. I’m sorry, truly I am. Here let me help, I really shouldn’t have done that, you have to believe it was a mistake. I have plasters and bandages in the car back up the track. I’m not so good with humans though. Come on please let me sort this out for you.” He wrapped a gentle hand around Nicks thin arm. 
 Nick did not, could not, reply. The agony in his arm was worse than the result of his disastrous skateboard jump, when the man from up the road had tried to help him. ‘Who was that man?’ the one he called a pedophile, to make himself sound tough. ‘Mr. Alton yeah that was him.’ His dad had said he was harmless enough.
 Tough, he was tough. He’d scared him, he was sure. Fuelled by fresh anger, through gritted teeth he growled, “get your arm off me, pedophile. Dirty rotten pedophile!” He ripped his arm from the gloved hand and quickly stood.   
 The man, shocked, stood too, and towered above him. Leather creaked where his fingers tightened on the blade and broke the silence.  
 “Pedophile? Surely you do not understand the meaning of the word. For if you did then you would know you’ve made a mistake.” He walked in a small circle; a leather thumb and finger cupped his chin. Eventually he stopped, “Now little boy, I have offered my help but you are trying my up until now, inexhaustible patience. You need to think very hard about what you want to happen here. Come with me and let me help you or…” 
 “Or what pedophile?”
 “Or face the conse… Look, just come with me. We don’t have to discuss anything else then.”
 Nick took a careful step backwards. He spat at the mans face and before turning, shouted, “dirty, dirty pedophile!” He took off along the track toward the far exit, where a second yawning mouth waited. 
 From behind he could hear the man calling to him, the words echoed against the walls of the wood, “running away to Grandmas house are we? Did you think I would not find you there?”
 Nick’s pace faltered. The words were like bullets shattering his confidence. His spindly legs were close to collapse below him, ‘he knows where Grandma lives.’ Then the voice of the young boy came to him, ‘let the monster get the man.’ 
 He ran on and as he did he weighed up his options: carry on to Grandmas, or go into the woods. The sheer thought of which filled him with dread. 
 Behind him he could hear the man, his feet slapping against the sodden ground. Ahead he could make out the yawning mouth, the exit from the woods, closing, less than the length of his back yard. He had to decide. Fast! 
 Just before the mouth, Nick swiftly turned to his left and through teeth set with adult determination said, “let the monsters have him.”  ‘Yes, that’s right!’ came the reply.
 He ducked his head, gritted his teeth, and ran headlong into the dense wood. He had been here before. He knew how it went.   
His small frame was able to dodge this way and that, either side of the larger trees. Bushes and branches snagged his clothing, tore at his skin, most snapping easily under his weight, brittle now it was winter. 
 A razor-edged twig punctured his cheek, snapped, and stayed there. He let it; the dull pain in his cheek, matched with the wood scraping against his gum, sharpened his senses, reminded him he was still alive and still had a chance.  
 From somewhere behind he heard the sounds of crashing, snapping, roars of fury, screams of pain and allowed himself a small amount of pleasure. “My rules now.”
 Over the course of the next five minutes Nick continued to run and the sounds behind him faded until he could not hear them at all. 
 He made it to a circular clearing and stopped; thick illuminated and untouched snow lay underfoot. He had almost forgotten. He looked up toward the gently falling flakes and opened his mouth. They were hypnotic and he stayed that way for a few minutes watching his breath dance around the flakes.  
 He could feel the coolness now of the monsters breath brushing against his bare skin but was not afraid. 
 With gradual steps he turned, each flake, cooling. 
 Before closing his tired eyes, without any alarm, he noticed the monsters watching eyes through the woods. Not one but many. Thousands perhaps. Good, let the monsters take him. 
 It was so quiet now, the crashing and snapping, the screaming voice. It had all, gone, away. 
 He yawned, closed his eyes, and was not aware he was falling asleep until a voice screamed to him, ‘don’t fall asleep.’
 Confused, he snapped his head forward, and opened his eyes. Everything was mixed up. He had been sure he was drinking sweet and warm milk chocolate and sat by his grandma’s fire. The wood was slowly spinning, leaving him nauseous and dizzy. 
 Still quiet. He needed to go now. To leave, to leave it to the monsters to take care of. 
 But which way?
 Once again he span round, this time with sharper senses. 
 He turned and turned looking for a clue, something to help him decide. 
 After another revolution he saw something. It seemed to be a large pale circle or snowball hanging amongst the trees on the edge of the circle. He continued to turn and when he came back to the spot where snowball had been, it was gone! 
 He stopped and for a moment allowed his brain to make sense of the conflicting information. At one part was a warning curiosity about a floating snowball in the middle of trees, which just didn’t add up. At the other was the answer to the puzzle. He could see by looking to the ground that the answer simply lay at his feet. The thick and smooth layer of snow was untouched save for his footprints. He followed the line toward the edge of the trees and nodded. There it was, his exit from the wood. He could even see the break in the foliage where he had come through earlier. The frozen features of his face cracked their way toward a smile, but stopped when he saw the large snowball appear. It was in exactly the same spot as he had come from. His first impulse was to run in the opposite direction yet a sluggish indecision prevented him and instead he stood still and watched the snowball, curious as to what it could be doing floating in the middle of the wood. He stared and tried to make his mind work hard to make sense of the limited information it was receiving. 
 Towards the top of the snowball, Nick saw what looked like two black stones appear. A blink later and they were gone. Unsure or unwilling to except the additional information, he shifted his feet. The two stones were gone. Then they were back again. Nick thought about running.   
 The snowball disappeared and then a voice, like that of a small mischievous child, cut through the stillness, “looks like I’ve found the pudding on top of a huge bowl of ice cream.” 
 The snowball re-appeared, developed a smile, floated like a balloon and the man he had thought to of escaped broke free of the woods. 
 There could be no uncertainty now. ‘IDIOT!’ screamed the voice inside Nick’s head. ‘RUN!’
 He span round and once again blindly ran headlong into the woods. 
 From behind, a familiar noise matched his own. Off to his left he glimpsed a strip of white snow. A narrow trail, it had to be. Nick cut an angle through the foliage and quickly reached it. Once on it the ground was wet and slippery. The roots were worse than ice and Nick made sure now to let his feet fall on snow. But the gradient was steep and Nick felt he was on a toboggan run. He had seen them on the television and always fancied a go but not like this.  
 From behind, he could clearly hear the slapping and the pounding of the man running. He had picked up the path as well. Nick ran faster and faster. The trees and shrubs either side a blur, his legs almost running out below him.  
 Behind: Thud, slap, thud slap! 
‘Be smart Nick, you cannot out run him. You must get off the trail!’  
 To his right, through a break in the trees, he could see undulating clearer ground with pockets of snow but no obvious path. He ran that way. The ground was softer and mushy, His feet began to sink and squelch and he was forced to slow his pace. 
 Behind the thudding and slapping of the man shifted and soon grew quieter. He had run passed!  
 The rapture Nick sensed now was short lived. ‘How long will it be before he notices my footprints have gone?’ he asked. ‘Not long!’ came the reply.
 Up ahead he could see the unmistakable form of a large fallen tree. Just like in gym, he ran toward the bulk, placed his hands on the rough bark at the top, swung his legs to one side and landed softly on the other. ‘Wow’ He crouched and turned then slowly raised his head and peered above the rotting bark. 
 Ahead, the way he had come, beyond the broken pockets of snow and the darker muddier ground, was the trail. He remembered the snowball face from the clearing and scanned the area for anything that didn’t quite fit. 
 For five slow and steamy breaths there was nothing but then he saw the familiar though much smaller snowball. It was looking his way. How could he have seen him? The answer lay above in the breath he was breathing out! 
 No, he argued, that was impossible, not from that distance. He crouched behind the fallen tree, waited, and held his breath. Everything was silent. Fatigue worked its ugly way and hunkered as he was his constricted limbs ached all the more. Like piranhas the cold snapped at his fingers and toes. 
Then, from the other side of the fallen tree a voice came hissing and singing toward him, “Come out, come out, wherever you are!” 
 ‘NO!’ He squeezed his eyes tight, pressed himself further into the earth and burrowed at the rotten bark and dead leaves with his hands and feet. Finally he pushed himself into the tiny gap between the fallen tree and earth in an effort to make himself disappear.  
 “Now, do you want to come and sit here while I take a look at your arm you sorrowful runt? Or would you rather I just cut you into little pieces and sell them to the butcher? Your choice.”
 Nick gasped. The voice was spoken from directly above. He twisted his neck and looked straight into the mad grinning snowball face. 
 “This is your last chance little boy.” 
 Nick ran a hand through the leaves, bark, snow and mud. 
 “Now hurry. I’m getting cold.” 
 Nick found what he was looking for. He dug at it, squeezed and pulled it from the earth and hurled the rock toward the mans face.
 It hit him square on the forehead. He cried out and fell backwards, disappearing behind the fallen tree.    
 Nick rolled twice, jumped up and ran. 
 From behind the tree the man screamed, “you little runt. I’m gonna’ tear every limb from you. I’m gonna’ mail it to your mama, saving your head tell last, now come here!”
 Nick looked behind and saw him leap over the fallen tree and lunge toward him, his legs taking impossibly giant strides.  
 Ahead of him, Nick could see monster eyes sparkling everywhere! There must have been thousands. Unafraid now he ran on. The ground below fell steeply. He adjusted his stride to match. Ahead, the monsters eyes blacked out. They were gone! 
 He gathered momentum and rose up steeply. As he reached the top the monster eyes greeted him as did a voice or a thought like a whisper, ‘just like the skateboard ramp Nick, be calm and relax. You know what to do.’ 
 Nick imagined he was running on a skateboard the ramp. Instinctively he found the edge. He hit it with his left foot, his leg bent, and sprang forward right into the heart of the monster eyes. 
 He was flying! Flying amongst the monsters eyes. They winked and flashed. They were happy with him. He could tell. He had delivered.
 Then he was falling but he was okay, he knew what to do. He tucked his knees up, pressed his face into his chest and wrapped his arms around his head. 
 Inside the ball he was smiling. 
 The earth greeted him like a mattress. He landed in a thick pile of snow and other than the pulling of the twig in his cheek hardly felt a thing.  
 He ran on with the monsters eyes watching, “thanks for your help” he said.     
 A moment later from behind, came the loudest of screams, then a heavy thud, followed by cries of pain.    
 “Help me, my leg is broken, help me.” the words echoed around the wood. 
 “Screw you,” said Nick and ran on. Before he knew it he was running on wet concrete, twinkling streetlights, the monsters eyes greeted him either side of the street. He laughed out loud.
 Fifteen minutes later, he had found his way to his grandma’s.
 Later he sat in the lounge, wrapped up in a towel, while she spoke to his father on the phone. 
 He thought about the monsters in the wood and realised who they were and who they were not, and because Nick had faced the real monster and won, he never sleepwalked again. Everything Nick had learned from this early lesson would be referred back to time and again when in the years to come he eventually replaced his father Anthony. 


Chapter thirty seven
Moses in the barroom

 
The two were laughing loudly when they entered the Plain view inn. It was the night following Nick’s great escape, and if anything, the weather had worsened. 
 Earlier on in the day, heavy white clouds had dumped their loads over the hill like an unorganised convoy of trucks. They were followed later by a much smaller, albeit more organised, group of snowploughs that had been out in force during the afternoon, doing an ample job of clearing most of the mire. This was just as well, as now the temperature had dropped to minus six, the smallest amount of snow had become an icy hazard.   
 From behind the bar Larry looked up at the two and smiled, then tilted his head and gave change to a regular. Who, by way of reply grunted, nodded, turned and strolled off toward the dartboard where two men, so similar looking they had to be brothers, argued like restless puppies over the only set of darts. Larry had paid less than a pound for them at the trade discount outlet in Mounden but these two were treating them like prize possessions.  
 Sometimes Larry missed the conversation he used to enjoy back home in Liverpool. Lately it seemed most of the dialogue he was party to was over and done in less than ten syllables. The repartee he had once been renowned for, now nothing more than a questionable myth. 
 The two made it to the bar. Sebastian, before doing anything else sat nervously on an unsteady stool then said, “that’s better.” The words drifted from his mouth like the last steam from a boiled kettle.   
 He had limped all the way from the car park, his left leg nothing more than a dead weight. Now he pressed a hand against his tender kneecap and squeezed lightly, “ah!” 
 Stood close to his side Ed whacked him on the back, which was enough to jolt Sebastian’s knee against the panelling below the bar. His cry went unnoticed.  
 “Seb that was the funniest thing I’ve seen for a while. Thanks for cheering me up.” 
 Larry looked from Ed to Sebastian and between an intermittent cough, frankly asked, “Sebastian has it been so long since you’ve been in here that you need to bring a body guard?” He vaguely heard the big guy say something but he was so pleased with his remark he had not listened. He leaned toward Sebastian and with a slightly more serious tone asked, “I didn’t upset you last time you came in did I? Only I was beginning to wonder. It’s been a while.”
 Sebastian had almost forgotten about the conversation, more a lecture, and everything that seemed to tag along with it, “no you didn’t,” he said. He rubbed his knee again and said, “the state of your car-park has though. You need to get some salt on it. I’ve just gone flying.” 
 To Ed he said, “next time I come down here I’m putting my walking boots on. With crampons! Its like a bloody ice rink.” The last remark reminded Sebastian of something, he was not sure what, though he had the distinct feeling the comment was stolen from someone. A tiny switch in the back of his mind flicked and stayed on. 
 Ed was laughing. He looked across at Larry and said, “he really did go flying. It was bloody marvellous.”
 “I did wonder what had happened when I saw you limp in here and so have a few others judging by the attention you’re getting.”
 “No that will be Ed. It’s his first time, standard treatment.” 
 To Ed Larry said, “have you just moved up here then?” 
 “No,” said Ed, “I’m just here to catch up with my old boss.” 
 “Another city boy?”
 “Afraid so.”
 “Thank the lord and he shall reward you. Sadly, Sebastians almost converted to village life but he still manages his please and thank you’s. Just.”
 It had been almost a month now since Ed had been promoted to the manager of his own store and although they had spoken on the phone most days, it was almost a month since they had seen each other. 
 While his motives were not totally for the benefit of the two meeting up, Sebastian had decided to bring Ed to his local, although he was beginning to feel as though ‘local’ may be stretching it now, in order to kill two birds with one stone. The second bird was in the form of thanking Steve Gates for the help he had given Jades brother. Sebastian had no idea as to how Steve had managed it but somehow he had, and now Jades brother was on the straight and narrow, with a fulltime job and living at home with their mother. According to the latest news, which was becoming more scarce the less he saw of Jade, all the death threats had stopped. 
 Sebastian took a moment to observe the room. It felt like an age since he had last been here, and in that time, nothing much had changed. The combined smell of stale beer and smoke hung heavily, the air thick with it. The only significant differences he could see were that one of the bulbs hanging from the ceiling had blown, and the beer mats had been replaced. 
 “I couldn’t fail to notice you’ve decorated,” Sebastian scoffed.
 Larry ignored the ridicule. “Three times! Doesn’t make any difference, don’t know why I bother,” he replied while unconsciously straightening mats on the bar top. A younger man, more a boy, served Ed as Larry and Sebastian caught up. 
 Sebastian saw how crowded it was, though not many people queued at the bar, “have you got a game on tonight Larry, you seem to be full?” he asked.
 Larry’s eyes lost their humour and darkened, “No Seb, there’s no game tonight.” 
 Sebastian picked out the diminutive change to Larry’s tone. Perhaps, he wondered, something had happened since the last time he had been here but he knew him well enough not to make comment or ask directly. Larry would tell him if he wanted to. He said, “In that case it must be gong really well.” 
 “Yes it is, got to tell you though, if my locals weren’t such a prominent bunch around here I think I would be getting my windows put through by some of the other landlords. I think I’m taking a lot of business from them.” And he was. His takings had almost doubled in the last month. Larry wasn’t completely happy with this as the takings were, in the main, taken from the people of the local community and not from off the Plain, which was the audience he had originally wanted to capture. 
 Larry did not need to mention Steve Gates for Sebastian to know whom he was talking about. “Talking of prominent locals, is Steve in, I couldn’t see him, mind you it’s never been any different in here.”
 Larry ignored the sarcasm, “Steve, yeah he came in earlier, he’s over in his usual spot with his outfit of merry men. They’re all in tonight, that’s why we’re so full. I take it you didn’t hear about what happened.” 
 Sebastian wasn’t entirely surprised something had and tried to mask it. “No Larry I didn’t. What happened?” 
 Larry leaned over the bar and dropped his voice as he said, “you know Anthony Williamson’s son Nick.”
 “Nick?” Sebastian thought a moment. “Yeah, the little boy with freckles. Lives on Church Street?”
 Larry nodded. “Yeah, that’s him. Well from what I can gather, the poor kid was attacked last night.” 
 Within Sebastian’s mind a second switch flicked. With it came a flash of stabbing pain behind his eyes and he rubbed at his forehead and squeezed the bridge of his nose. He could see two light bulbs among a huge gallery of merging images. None were big enough to create anything other than irritation. 
 Larry noted with mild alarm Sebastian was not surprised. 
 Eventually Sebastian said, “what?”
 “The boy was attacked.”
 “Up here?”
 Larry slowly nodded. 
 “Is he all right?” Sebastian asked. Although somehow he already knew he was.
 “Yeah he’ll survive. He’s in the corner with his dad. Well I say he’ll survive, those tiny lungs of his, this smokes enough to choke him to death.”
 “Larry you always moan, but you’re just as bad.”
 “You see me smoking.” Larry stood up straight, and placed his empty hands in front of Sebastian to emphasise the point. “No you don’t. That’s because I’m cutting down. Five a day, that’s what I’m down to.” He coughed when he had finished. 
 Ed interrupted, “I’m surprised you need to have that many, smoke in here should be enough to keep you topped up all through the day.”
 With a pained expression Larry said, “guess you’re right there my friend.” Deep down he knew that no matter what he did, unless he wore a mask behind the bar this place was likely to kill him sooner rather than later. 
 “So what do you mean, he was attacked?” Sebastian asked. 
 Larry raised his hands and said, “Hey, I’m just the landlord. I don’t know the details and I’ve already collected glasses from that corner seventeen times tonight. So I’m not going back to find out more! But from what I gather, sometime after midnight somebody chased him into the woods. He looks to be in a bad way. I should imagine the poor blighter must be well shaken up.”
 “What was he doing out on the hill at that time?” Sebastian asked then remembered where he was at about that time.  
 “Read the badge,” said Larry pointing to an imaginary badge on his chest, “I’m just the landlord.” Larry paused and thought for a moment. “You say you wanted to talk to Steve. Why?” 
 Sebastian again heard Larry’s tone shift. It went down another rung on the serious ladder. “Well I did, just to thank him for something he did.”
 “Yeah, mind me asking what it was?”
 Sebastian slowly shook his head. “He helped my wife’s brother out of a bit of a sticky mess.” He sighed, “did him a lot of good I’m told.” The truth was Sebastian was not entirely sure he knew exactly what Steve had done. Jade had never really wanted to discuss it with him but by the way she spoke Sebastian had been able to tell that whoever had been threatening her brother probably wouldn’t be anymore. Never a bad thing to have folks like that around he supposed.
 To Ed, Sebastian said, “do you mind if I just go across, I’ll only be a few minutes.”
 Ed took a long mouthful from his glass, “not at all, just remember it’s your round next and your driving. Oh and I’m almost through this one.”
 Sebastian pulled out a ten-pound note from his battered wallet, “use that,” he said, “and make sure Larry gets one as well.”
 Ed nodded, “whatever you say boss.” Although Ed was now the manager of his own store, it didn’t harm to occasionally imagine Sebastian was still the boss. Sometimes it took away the worry and accountability. 


* * *


Sebastian, limping badly and grimacing with the throbbing pain where it was spreading into his thigh, made his way across the crowded room. The people parted like he was infectious, creating huge waves on both sides. He felt like Moses entering the Red sea. Looking at some of the harsh expressions around him likened them to an angry mob and Sebastian felt more alienated than ever before. For the first time that evening Sebastian caught a glimpse of Steve Gates at the end of the human chasm.  
 He was sat in his usual place and surrounded by those Larry had referred to as ‘his merry men.’ Sebastian did not agree. These were far from merry men. The image Sebastian held was closer to Da Vinci’s Last Supper. An involuntary shiver almost caused him to collapse. An image of the spill work rattle flashed before his eyes. Steve Gates was no messiah or prophet. Of that Sebastian was certain, though it was absolutely clear to him now that he had some kind of hold over these people. 
 As he walked forward the waves to his left and right side evaporated and the mob flooded the room, closing the gap behind him.
 Three round bar tables had been pushed together to create a triangular shape. Steve Gates was sat furthest, at the head. The young boy Nick was sat on his right. His father, Anthony, on Steve’s left. Some of the men, of which there were five on one side and six on the other, he recognised. Adam and Joseph were sat on Steve’s left, closest to Sebastian. 
 Beyond them on either side of the tables Sebastian reckoned there were another twenty men and a small number of women too. They were stood milling around, some, with over stretched necks, clearly trying to grab a morsel of information. Others were huddled in deep and hushed conversation. 
 Just beyond the foot of the tables, convinced that Hades himself had hold of his leg, Sebastian’s eyes, streaming from both the burning pain and the smoke, fell on Nick. He looked like a battered miniature figure. What Larry had said earlier about the boy’s shape was an understatement. All at once Sebastian was overcome with a heart wrenching grief and a deep understanding of the feelings a parent must have when their children are subjected to unnecessary harm.
 ‘Bad way’ was a far cry from the boy who sat by Steve staring back at Sebastian. His expression was unreadable. Desperation or relief, Sebastian couldn’t tell. His face, partially covered by a square plaster, which looked out of place, was all cuts and bruises. His left arm hung in a sling, probably a cast off from Joseph, and did little to conceal the pain that surely lay underneath. 
 Sebastian noticed that everyone other than Nick was staring at his leg. Sebastian mistakenly appreciated their apparent concern. 
 “Hello everyone,” said Sebastian, “just thought I’d…” The sea squeezed around him now and he was beginning to feel claustrophobic. Moses was smarter, he quickly thought. He never paused half way, never stopped to question Gods motives.  
 Without looking up from Sebastian’s obvious disability, and merely lifting a pointing hand, Adam bluntly cut him off, “what the fuck happened to your leg foreigner?” His words were enough to still the sea of people around Sebastian.
 Sebastian was bewildered by what would ultimately be the beginnings of Adams barrage. Unconsciously he shifted his weight backwards expecting a physical bombardment to match the verbal one. He was within an inch of losing his balance but he recovered and scurried round for a suitable response. 
 He took a quick look behind to confirm Ed was still at the bar. Sadly he could not. It was too crowded with men skipping and dancing with hungry eyes and mouth’s salivating for first blood. 
 The sea was getting stormy. Not fair, Moses had God on his side. Come on God where are you when I need you?
 Sebastian looked beyond Adam toward Steve. He sat quietly watching him. His expression was unreadable, his features set, statue like. His fisted hands were blocks of wood pressing on the table. For the moment Sebastian’s unasked question, ‘what kind of a man are you?’ remained just so. His mind fought to understand what was happening here. He just couldn’t see it and the mounting frustration along with the fear was causing a pounding against his skull.
 He swallowed the welling bitterness and replied in as cheery voice as possible, “Well it’s a little embarrassing really.” 
 Around him the mob silenced, nobody wanted to miss anything.
 “Embarrassing?” Adam spat! He stared up and again demanded, “Look I asked you a straight forward question foreigner, now what the fuck happened to your leg?”
 Somebody, one of the men sat around the table said, “keep your language to yourself Adam, we’ve got a child in here.” 
 Sebastian could not help but smile, at least inwardly. Nick could teach most of the men in this room a thing or two about expletives.   
 “I fell,” Sebastian said coldly.
 “You fell?”
 “That’s what I said. I fell.” Sebastian matched Adam’s glare with his own equally daunting challenge. Eventually Adam broke it and looked into the faces of his friends. The boy Nick seemed to be the only anomaly, his attention was solidly fixed on the beer mat he tried to flick with his good hand. Whatever was happening, he wouldn’t be a part of it. 
 Knowing Adam would now resort to flexing his muscle Sebastian felt it wise to explain, and ignoring Adam and looking instead straight into Steve’s eye’s clearly stated, “before you let one of your hounds loose on me I’ll explain.” 
 Joseph gripped Adam’s shoulder as he tried to rise and held him down. 
 “I fell outside on the car park. I think I nearly broke my leg and if you were a gentleman Adam which clearly you are not you would have given up your seat.”
 Adams reply was a silent ‘what!’ his face contorted, confused. 
 Anthony looked across at his son and noticed with obvious relief that Nick was grinning. It was the first time he had seen anything other than shock since the attack and he had worried at how the emotional scar would affect him. He fought with an emotion, which was better left at home. Nevertheless, when his son spoke a stubborn tear escaped his eye. Anthony realised he did not care who saw him like this. 
 “Mr Alton,” Nick cheekily asked, “did it hurt as much as when you fell off my skateboard and crashed into the wheelie bin?”
 Sebastian smiled at the boy, on some level acutely aware that he had unwittingly diffused a situation, which could have ended in a figurative stoning. 
 Adam looked disgusted.  
 “I have to say, in that instance it was my pride which was hurt, thanks for reminding me Nick. I’m sure your father won’t mind me telling you I’m a little annoyed with you though.” 
 Anthony, a smile appearing on his face, shook his head.
 Sebastian continued, “what happened to it being our little secret? First you tell your mum and dad and now most of Mowen hill know.” Sebastian pursed his lips, “what’s going on Nick?”
 Nick shrugged and grinned. 
 Steve laughed and clapped his hands. The effect this was to have was astonishing. It was like someone had pressed the play button on the bar, the previous silence was abruptly shoved away. 
 Sebastian wondered how long it would be until they heard about it where Ed stood. 
 “So where have you been hiding Sebastian, we’ve not seen you around for a while, suppose your getting busy now eh?”
 “Yeah you could say that,” the last thing Sebastian wanted to talk about was trade though. “Steve, Larry told me Nick was hurt last night. What’s happened?” 
Steve began to reply, but unusually Anthony cut him off, “some bastard attacked my son late last night.”
 To Nick, Sebastian said, “Larry said you were in the woods.”
 Nicks previous innocent smile evaporated. For a split second another switch came on and Sebastian was in the midst of the daunting mass, hopelessly lost. 
 The voice of Anthony dragged him back. “He was chased to the woods, whoever attacked him did it in our yard. Stabbed him there, and then chased him to the woods. But Nick got away ‘cause he’s smart and he’s fast.” He turned to face his son, for the time pride and admiration masking his pain, “aren’t you?” 
 Nick nodded and sheepishly said, “I was sleepwalking,” he checked his father’s reaction, who gave a reassuring nod then continued, “I dreamt Calm, my dog, needed help. I thought I could save him. I didn’t know it was real until my arm was cut.”  
 “Oh my god Nick that’s terrible,” said Sebastian. To Anthony he asked, “what have the Police said?”
 “The police,” Adam spat as though he had uttered the dirtiest of words. “What’s the point in involving the police? No this will be sorted out properly.” He turned toward Steve, “won’t it Steve?” 
Steve slowly, carefully nodded, his face darkened. “Calm down Adam or put a leash on your tongue. I don’t care which.”
 “But,” Sebastian began, “you must go to the Police, surely Steve!” 
 “Well, lets just see.”
 Sebastian looked at the faces of the men around the table, knew his plea had fallen on deaf ears, “have you any idea who could have done this?” he asked. 
 Adam looked at his leg then back toward his face, “I had a theory.”
 Steve watched Adam for a moment then said, “no, not yet.”
 “But we will,” Adam piped up. 
 Anthony spoke next, “Nick thought whoever it is, is taller than me, but we don’t really know any more.” 
 Joseph speaking out for the first time since Sebastian’s arrival, said, “whoever he is, he’s done his leg in.”
 “That’s why everyone was hell bent on giving you a hard time,” said Steve while looking at Adam. 
 “My son said that he had to jump from a ledge, and that after he did, he heard whoever it was shouting that he needed help, that he’d broken his leg! He must have fallen badly,” said Anthony.
 Nick, smiling looked up at Sebastian, was about to say something, but was cut off by Joseph. It didn’t matter, the smile said it all: thanks for showing me. 
 “Steve phoned us all as soon as Nick was safe. We went straight to the woods thinking he would still be there but there was no sign. Mind you they’re big them woods, with lots of hiding places. I should know, I used to go shagging down there when I was younger.”
 Nick grinned as his father reprimanded Joseph, “Joseph less of that in front of the boy,” he said sharply.
 The room fell silent once more, before Nick spoke up and added, “dad you’ve forgotten about the silver car parked on the track!” 
 Another switch flicked in Sebastian’s mind, it ached where, and of its own accord, it searched his memory, found the file, and placed it firmly on his lap. Silver car parked on track, two lovers. No not two lovers. He sucked in air, almost choked. 
 “Oh yeah and a silver car, it was parked on the track, but that could have been anyone’s Nick.”
 Anxiously Nick quickly said, “it wasn’t though I’ve seen it before it’s followed me before. I know it has!” Nick was clearly frustrated. 
 Steve leaned back as Anthony reached for his son and placed a hand on his shoulder, “don’t worry son, we’ll find him, and we’ll put an end to this.”
 Something final in the way Anthony spoke to his son, something dreadful prevented Sebastian from saying what he knew. Gary Franklin was back. He had to be. 
 He could see it all: Gary parking his car out of the way and then coming for the dog. Only this time he was disturbed. 
 Trying to disguise the fear he felt, he quietly asked, “How did he do that to your arm Nick?” 
 Adam spoke up, “the bastard stabbed him with a blade. What a stupid question!”
 Sebastian ignored him and said, “is that what happened Nick. Did he stab you with a blade?”  
 Nick silently looked away. 
 “Are you getting at something Mr. Alton?” Anthony asked, “Only, if you are you need to come out and say it.” 
 Sebastian, watching the boy, shook his head. It was up to the boy to say it.
 Loud enough for everyone in the close proximity to hear, Adam stood and declared, “look at the state of him, this poor boy has been brutally attacked, by luck, good fortune and bravery he managed to escape, but his attacker will not be so lucky, mark my words!” 
 Most of the men cheered. The storm was brewing. 
 “Sit down!” Steve Shouted. 
 Adam ignored him. Although shorter than most, people were looking up to him for the first time. “We got ourselves a potential murderer!”
 “Joseph,” said Steve, “sit him down!”
 Doing as Steve asked, Joseph gripped Adam’s arm and pulled him back down into his chair. 
 Adam, grinning, took a mouthful of his beer, some spilled around his mouth. All around were nods of approval; Adam was patted on the back several times. Incensed, the cries grew louder until: “ENOUGH!” Steve smashed a fist into the table. It cracked. 
 Welcome silence fell like sun breaking through black clouds. Sebastian was about to speak up, but Steve put up a hand: a solid block of wood. With a voice equally wooden he said “look Sebastian, leave this mess to us to discuss. I’ll catch up with you later. Come to the farm tomorrow.” 
 Sebastian scarcely managed a nod, barely caught a glimpse of Adam turning around in his chair before he found himself squeezed out; no longer an accessory to the show, the crowd pushed forward leaving him in a veritable void. 
 Once Sebastian had gone Steve turned to Anthony and said, “I need to voice something.”
 Anthony nodded and to his son said, “come on Nick, it’s time for us men to leave.” Nick took his dads hand and after everyone said their farewells shuffled through the crowd. Nick could see Sebastian talking at the bar but he had his back to him. He left him like that and followed his dad outside.
 Once Anthony had taken his son Steve stood and banged an empty glass against the table. He waited for the crowd to still before speaking. When they had he said, “Now mark my words gentlemen and spread them to those of us not present. If anyone and I really do mean anyone takes any action that would cause harm to the order or to any of the spillers here tonight or anywhere else for that matter then their lives will be shortened drastically.” He stared with open vehemence at each man in turn his eyes finally resting on Adam. “Gentlemen remember the code we all live by. I am the vestibular and I have spoken. Does anyone have any questions?”
 Adam snorted and looked away. One of the men, who was clearly frustrated, from the back wanted to know about authorisation and how long it would be before it came. Other men who were just as angry carried his voice. Soon there were shouts and when he looked amongst the crowd he saw simmering rage. They wanted blood and would not be satisfied until they had had their fill. Steve knew he would have to appease them somehow. 
 Adam rose and left the table. Steve watched him leave before addressing the crowd once more. 


* * *


 “You nearly finished Ed?” Sebastian had made his way back to the bar where Ed stood alone. Larry, he noticed, was busy serving in the lounge. 
 “Yeah,” he said before finishing the last dregs from his pint glass. “You ready for one now?”
 “No I’m not Ed.” 
 Sebastian looked behind him. It was impossible to see what was going on. The mob had tightly closed around the men sat at the tables creating a shape resembling the Roman Legions impenetrable tortoise formation. Sebastian had a childlike yearning to throw snowballs at it. 
 Ed’s question disturbed his mental planning. “Sounded like you were having a lot of fun over there. What was all the cheering in aid of Seb?”
 Sebastian turned to face Ed again and said, “I think it’s best if I tell you later.” He paused. “Look, do you mind if we leave?”
 Ed clearly bewildered, hastily replied, “leave! You’ve not even had a drink yet!” He looked at his watch, then at Sebastian who he could see looked agitated, then briefly beyond where a short thickset man had emerged from the circle and was walking toward the bar. “Its nine thirty Seb, we’ve not even had a chance to catch up.”
 “I know. I’m sorry. Maybe we could grab a coffee at yours.”
 “A coffee, a bloody coffee! Well you can have a coffee, I’ll be having a beer!” He shrugged. “Well if that’s what you want to do. You’re the boss.”
 A split second before being shoved in the back and for the second time that evening having his knee pushed into the frame of the bar, he saw Ed stare over his shoulder and frown. 
 Behind him, so close he could feel the warm moist breath on his neck, could feel the hairs there stiffen like spears, he heard a familiar voice say sorry in such a manner as to mean anything but.
 Wincing with fresh-fired pain, he turned and found himself yet again looking into hate filled eyes. 
 The mouth he wanted to smash moved below them. “Did I hurt your leg?” it said. Clearly hoping it had.
 Sebastian offered no such satisfaction. “No more than it was hurt before. Tell me Adam does it bother you that much?”
 “Does what bother me?”
 “That it wasn’t me?”
 “Truthfully?”
 “Truthfully.” 
 “It rips my fucking heart out. Between you and me, I’d do anything to get you out of this village. People like you are a disease. You come from your congested cities looking for a quite life without a moments thought as to what you are doing to ours. Far as I’m concerned you should stay put and rot in your pox ridden cities!”
 In readiness to leave and face the cold night, Ed had moved from the bar to Sebastian’s side where he now fastened his coat. 
 To Adam he said, “well its time for this disease to take this disease” said while pointing toward himself, “home! Come on Seb, let’s leave the poor little Luddite to it. Take me out of this place quick. I feel a cure coming on.” 
 Before either Adam or Sebastian could speak; Ed had roughly pushed him toward the bars exit. 
 Between leaving the warmth of the bar and reaching the shelter of Sebastian’s car, Sebastian said “a Luddite?” 
 “Think I was a little harsh?”
 “Ed, I don’t know what I think anymore.”
 “Well let’s see if we can sort it over a coffee.”

  As Sebastian and Ed left the car park, three men left the bar. They climbed onto a large four-wheel drive vehicle and from a distance followed them toward Mounden. 


Chapter thirty eight
Sebastian and the bear


While Ed went to make a coffee, Sebastian sat alone with his thoughts. The warmth of the small lounge eased the pain away from his leg. 
 Fragments of earlier fun and excitement had been left strewn across the floor in the shape of small padded toys and oversized colourful books. 
 By his feet lay a light brown cuddly looking bear with a big smile. Sewn to its considerable belly was a white circle with bright green letters that read squeeze my tummy. Unable to resist, Sebastian picked it up and did so. In a high-pitched tinny American accent, the bear giggled loudly and said, “Oh that tickles. Do it again.” 
 The voice reverberated around the room and down the hallway to where Ed’s panic stricken face appeared from the kitchen. He waved at Sebastian desperate to get his attention and with a firm but hushed voice pleaded, “Christ Seb don’t do what it says. You’ll wake them up!” 
 Treating the bear with the same level of respect one would give to a live grenade, Sebastian placed the bear by his side and waited. 
 A few minutes passed before Ed came into the room holding a cup of coffee for Sebastian and a beer for himself. He closed the lounge door and speaking in a fatherly tone said, “you look like you’re carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders. Are you ready to tell me what’s going on?”  
 Sebastian, in no rush, slowly lifted the cup, sipped and swallowed and while staring into space simply said, “Gary Franklins back.”
 “Who?”
 “Gary Franklin.” He stopped for a second, looked up, and asked,   
 “what’s a Luddite?” He wasn’t overly concerned, just preferred to listen, preferred to let Ed do the talking for a while. 
 “A Luddite?”
 “You told Adam he was a Luddite.”
 “Yeah he is. It’s just what you call someone who resists change, normally technological. Actually it isn’t fair, nor accurate to call him that.” 
 “No?”
 “No. He’s more of a gob-shite. So who did you say was back?”  
 “Gary Franklin. The vet.” 
 “Oh the vet,” said Ed. The name conjured images of dark days and bad news. They swirled into a thick pool of dread. And while it thickened like baking mud slowing his thoughts, Sebastian continued.
 “The vet. He’s back and this time he’s gone too far.”
 Ed shook his head and said, “he didn’t go too far last time? Now is this for real Seb or is it your imagination running wild again?” Ed remembered the last time they had talked about the vet, how Sebastian as per usual had allowed his imagination to get the better of him. Or thought he had. Hoped he had. 
 Sebastian stared at a place somewhere to Ed’s left and forged a series of events. “No Ed,” he began, “I know what he did before. All of it was true, the stuff with Harry, with Steve’s dog and Smudge. This time he’s gone for the boy Nick. You know, the boy Larry was talking about.”
 Ed, eyes downcast, nodded. “How do you know?” The pool of dread warmed, became sticky. Ed, feeling uncomfortable, shifted about on his chair, almost spilling his beer. He cursed silently. 
 Sebastian took a quick sip of coffee like it was rationed but more to keep his lips moist than anything else. “He stabbed him Ed. Although I’m convinced he didn’t mean to.” Another sip. A drip formed in the corner of his mouth.  “I could see it in the boy’s eyes that he didn’t mean to. But I don’t think the boy can admit that.”
 “Why?”
 “He’s a hero now. Maybe if I could get to him, try and talk to him.” He paused and remembered the look he had seen on Nick’s father’s face. It was pride. He knew he would never persuade the boy to say anything, even though he was certain it wouldn’t alter anything Nick would never take the risk and Sebastian didn’t think he could blame him “No it would never work. Gary Franklin had gone to the house to get the dog. Nick disturbed him.”
 “How?”
 “From what I can gather he was sleepwalking and managed to get himself outside. He’d gone out in the snow, gone out to save his dog, Calm.” He rubbed the drip on his lip and left a small brown smudge, a tiny tear.
 “Okay Seb, slow down” This time, when Ed shifted, he spilt some beer. Drops of the brown liquid splashed on a soft toy. “Shit! So how do you know this was Gary Franklin? How can you be sure? What proof do you have?”
 Sebastian leaned forward, dragged himself away from the space he had occupied before and said, “everything fits together!” 
 “Oh come on Seb, that’s just you putting two and two…”
 “The boy said a silver car was parked on the track. Gary’s silver car! The same track that I saw it on. The night when he caught me smoking. You remember?”
 Ed now realised that no matter how much he shifted in his chair or whether he moved to another. Or whether he left the house altogether, the pool of dread was a permanent fixture. 
 “Yeah, I remember”. The words felt heavy in his mouth. 
 Doubting he was going to sleep now, Ed finished his drink, excused himself and went into the kitchen to get another one. 
 Before he left the kitchen, he caught his pale reflection in the window. “Oh shit,” he mouthed, and watched his reflection agree.
 In the lounge Ed asked, “have you told them who you think it is?”
 “No. I was going to but they hadn’t even gone to the Police.”
 Ed thought back to the conversation with his old friend Warren and what he told him of the spill work rattle. 
 “I know they won’t go to the Police Seb.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “Seb I think you should stay away from this. I think that after tonight you should put it to bed.”
 “What is it Ed. What do you know?” 
 “I’ve got a really bad feeling about your neighbour and I don’t think you should get involved.”
 “Steve’s a good man Ed. I’m sure he’ll do the right thing.”
 “How Seb, how can you be sure?”
 Sebastian looked away, looked for evidence, and stated, “Look at what he did for Jade’s brother.”
 Ed considered the point. From what he could remember, Jade’s brother was a criminal and had been convicted. Had apparently gotten several other people convicted, supposedly because of a mistake. They were not best pleased, especially when he got early release and they didn’t. Consequently, their friends on the outside had delivered constant threats until the day Seb’s neighbour became involved. The threats had stopped as quickly as they had begun. Now he had a job, a good job. Hadn’t Seb said recently he was raking in more money than him? Steve Gates is more than a good man: he’s a miracle worker! 
 “How do you reckon he did that Seb? How do you reckon this simple farmer, your neighbour, was able to call off a gang from Jade’s brother.”
 Slowly he said, “I don’t know.”
 Ed knew he needed to think carefully about what he should say next, his head was spinning with the indecision: tell him or not tell him? “Seb.”
 Sebastian was looking away toward the grey screen television. Ed laughed a little, “its boring isn’t it?”
 Now Sebastian smiled, “yeah, it is.” It was a welcome reprieve for them both. 
 Ed glanced at the cup Sebastian was holding. “I’m going to make you another coffee, that one must be freezing by now.” He stood. “I won’t be a second.”
 When Ed came back five minutes later, it was as though he had never left. Sebastian sat in the same place looking at the same part of the dead television screen.
 As Ed passed Sebastian a freshly made coffee he said, “here you go.”
 “Thanks,” Sebastian replied, taking the cup without moving his eyes.  
 It was clear to Ed his coffee was not even close to an interruption to whatever was going on, on the blank screen. 
 While in the kitchen, Ed had made his difficult decision. He had also realised for the first time that most of his tough decisions had been made while stood at this sink washing the dishes and drying them. He wondered if his wife, lying upstairs asleep hopefully, was aware of this. 
 Now, sat across from Sebastian once more, Ed said, “Seb,” 
 and hesitated. Although the decision was made, he wasn’t sure how to say it, how to deliver it. 
 Sebastian was watching him “What’s the matter Ed?”
 “I’ve got something to tell you and I’m thinking you may be a little annoyed. Just hear me out before you say anything. Oh and before I begin…” he pointed a finger towards the ceiling, “no shouting.”
 Sebastian had no choice but to listen. He was grateful that Ed had managed to pull him away from the screen of data he had been trying to absorb. A huge square block being pushed into a small circle didn’t fit. 
 He sipped the fresh coffee, sat back in the chair, and did his best to relax. The bear looked up at him smiling, pleading. 
“Remember a while ago when I used to work for you, you asked me if I could find out anything about the spill work rattle.”
 Sebastian nodded and said, “I’d almost forgotten.”
 “I told you then, when you asked me about it a second time that I could not find out anything.” 
 “Oh yeah, you have a friend at university who you asked. Didn’t he come up with blanks?”
 “No. Thing is Seb, I was lying.”
 Sebastian sat up on the chair, spilt a drop of coffee, “bugger.”
 Ed misunderstood, assumed he’d gotten away with it, “well so far so good.”
 “No Ed, you’re not a bugger. I’ve split my coffee. I haven’t decided what you are yet; I’m too excited. I mean the spill work rattle, bloody hell!”
 This was typical of Seb, Ed thought. How can he get excited at a time like this?
 “Oh well, I’ll carry on shall I. The thing is, when I found out what it was for I didn’t want to tell you. I was afraid what you’d do. You know what you’re like Seb: a dog with a bone. Once you get going there is no stopping you.”
 Sebastian sat up a little straighter in the chair making his spine a little stiffer. He put out a discounting hand and looked as though he was stopping traffic in the capital at rush hour. With a voice to match he said, “right okay Ed point taken. Are you going to tell me what it is?” He hated it when Jade did this; shifting the blame of the decision she’d made onto his shoulders, while skilfully making him want to except that blame before she would continue. 
 For the next five minutes, between sips of warming beer and cooling coffee, Ed told Sebastian of all he had learned from Warren: about the Cunning Man, and more importantly about the Spiller Man. 
 Once Ed had finished and after a few more sips from his now cold coffee Sebastian said, “So Steve is like some kind of keeper of the spill work rattle, a spiller man who solves local disputes. A black witch! I know it seems fantastic but when you see him in that pub with those men around him. Well I don’t know? I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. It explains everything. I have to go to the Police!”
 Ed blinked hard as though it was him coming out of a daze. “Look I’m sorry Seb, perhaps I should have told you before. But if you go to the Police now, I think it’s you who will be in danger.”
 Sebastian was watching the show on the blank screen again.
 Ed carried on, “remember Seb if any of what Warren told me is true, you’re messing with a secret and people don’t like their secrets messed with.” 
 “What shall I do?” Sebastian thought about everything Ed had told him. His neighbour some kind of boss of a hidden society. How could this be a secret in this day and age? 
 “Ed.”
 “Yes Seb.”
 “They would kill me.” 
 Ed watched the blank screen Sebastian still looked at and said, “yes Seb, I think they probably would.”
 In the screen, Ed could see Sebastian’s reflection and wondered if Sebastian could see his. It was as though communication with one another in this way, and not face-to-face made things seem not entirely real, which meant that you needn’t be too concerned. 
 “Ed, you could tell you know, by the way they were talking in the pub; if they find out who it is they will kill him.”
 “Maybe he deserves it.”
 “Oh come on Ed. He deserves punishment but this, this is madness.”
 Ed nodded, racked his brains, and tried to come up with a solution. 
 After a full minute he said, “how well do you know Gary Franklin?”
 Sebastian replied, “I only know him well enough to know that although he did this he wasn’t out to harm the boy. The boy got in the way, I’m sure of it.”
 “Do you think you could talk to him?”
 “What do you mean?”
 “What if you could convince Gary to go to the Police himself? You know, turn himself in. Then everyone is happy and he’s safe in custody.” Everyone can go home and have a nice cup of tea safe in the knowledge that justice has once again prevailed.” 
 “What are the alternatives?”
 “Well one has been discounted already.”
 “The Police?”
 “Absolutely. You go to the Police, what’re they going to do? Nothing! Nothing they can do. Sure, they may bring him in for questioning, but the chances are…” he shrugged and opened his hands. “Everything you know is circumstantial. But one things for sure, your friends on the hill, how long will it take before they found out that somebody went to the Police. How long then before they find out it was you. Then they’re going to ask questions. Why didn’t he tell us? What does he know about us? How much does he know? The list goes on?” 
 “Any others?” Sebastian asked. 
 “Only one I can think of is to do nothing. Just sit and wait.”
 “Right now, that sounds good.”
 Ed nodded, and said, “yeah maybe for a while, but eventually your friends are going to find out who has done this.” He used his fingers to accentuate the points as he said, “The silver car. The boy may remember more. Or Gary just messes up. Right now, he thinks he’s gotten away with it. So he does what he’s always done, right. Then they will come for him.” 
 He looked directly at Sebastian and asked, “You think he has any loyalty to you?”
 “No,” Sebastian replied. “Why would he?”
 “So, naturally he’s going to want to know who spilled the beans. But he already knows that. In his eyes, you’re the only one who knows, so just before he gets to go through the final exit. You get a big mention.”
 “Ed that’s a little extreme.”
 “You think? Is that a risk worth taking? Waking up each morning waiting for the inevitable, that in itself will probably kill you.” 
 “Oh shit.”
 “Oh shit indeed.” 
 Sebastian, mind made up realised this was the only way. He stood and quickly said, “I’m going there now!”
 “Seb look at the time. It’s almost midnight. Even if you do get to speak to him now, you’re going to do nothing other than piss him off. He’s not going to be in a position to hand himself in is he?”
 Sebastian nodded. “Yeah you’re right. I’ll go tomorrow. Once I’ve finished work.”
 “Want me to come with you.”
 Sebastian thought about it. His initial response was an absolute yes, damn right he wanted him there and for the record, any other soldiers he could muster. “No, he doesn’t know you. He would feel threatened. It would scare him off.”  
 “Well make sure you keep in touch. I’ll keep my phone with me. If anything happens in the meantime phone me. Don’t do anything other than that. Promise.”
 “Yeah of course.”


***
 

 Outside the house, the cold hit them both. It knocked them back to the point where they decided it didn’t do to stand around. 
 Sebastian’s car was parked directly under a streetlight, which gave it a pale orange sickly glow. 
 As they both walked toward it, they both suffered the same consequence. Ed stared at the light as if begging it to give some warmth. It didn’t and he shivered. “Christ Seb, can it get an colder?”
 Sebastian had his coat on. The cold hadn’t hit him so hard. However, his face cracked as he tried to smile. He said,  “Appreciate your help Ed.”
 Ed ignored him and said, “Seb, how’d you get the scratch?”
 “What scratch?”
 “There,” he pointed to the side of Sebastian’s car with a brittle icy finger. “It looks like someone has gone along you’re car with a knife!”
 “I never noticed…”
 They both looked up toward the sound of an engine gunned to life. Across the street a four-wheel drive vehicle pulled away and drove straight past. Three men inside including the driver all stared hard in their direction. 
 Once it had gone Ed asked, “was that the Luddite?” 
Sebastian shook his head, “No Ed, that was the gob-shite.”
 “Seb, this whole thing has to be watertight. If they have the slightest hint that we know something, you and me are most definitely screwed.” 
 A few minutes later, the cold forgotten about, Ed was left standing alone under the glow of the streetlight. Looking up toward his son’s bedroom window, he could see the weak glow of his nightlight. Sadly and with no hint of humour he said, “I think I need to buy a gun.” 
 In the distance, two red lights, the car breaking as it approached the junction. 
 “Be careful Seb, don’t fuck this up. The wife will kill me.” 


Chapter thirty nine
Larry’s homesick


 Earlier: 
 Larry was bone weary. He leaned behind the bar polishing the last few glasses. His staff had all gone home, safe to their beds, yet he was far from alone. 
 It wasn’t long before the bar door swung open. 
 He felt eyes bore into his back, wrench his spinal column, wrap their reach among the cordlike fibres, tug there, and force him to turn. Sometimes, especially more recently, he missed home. Had it really been that bad? It had, but was it as bad as this? At least he had been free then, his own man. 
 Anthony acknowledged him as he walked passed, icy cold air followed. In the heat of the bar, it fell to the floor like lead. 
 The bar door swung shut behind. Anthony walked on. His were not the eyes wreaking havoc on his back. 
 Steve Gates was back in the bar sat in the same place he had all evening. Larry had noticed he had left for thirty minutes and the only reason he knew he was gone was due to a complete change in the atmosphere of the place. For the first time in what felt like an age it felt like a bar again. Men were stood in groups sharing banter, idle gossip and rude jokes and for a short while Larry had enjoyed himself.  
 But now Steve Gates was back and the atmosphere had once again plummeted. Steve was surrounded by his men. Larry could see there were less than before and supposed there must be twenty.
 Steve nodded to him and dragged Larry’s eyes to the door. The instruction was clear; he’d done it a thousand times before and would do it a thousand times again. He was nothing but a guard dog, although lately he was feeling more like a puppy.  
 Placing the polished glass on the bar top he walked from behind the bar to the door and bolted it. Then he walked through to the lounge and turned off the lights. Once behind the bar again, he turned his back on the men, limiting his involvement. He found another glass to polish. He reckoned he probably had the cleanest pint glasses on the planet and smiled. 
 He missed home and wondered if he’d ever get back. Somehow, he knew that he wouldn’t. They would never let him. How many times had he heard the expression that knowledge was power? He would trade what he knew for the bliss naivety offered any day. Though when he looked back on it he realised it was foolish naivety that talked him into buying this place in the first place. He had never thought to question why it was so cheap and had quite literally signed his life away. 


* * *


 Anthony sat down next to Steve Gates where a place had been left for him. “Thanks Steve,” he said.
 “How’s the boy?” Steve asked. 
 “He’s okay, bearing up.” 
 The truth was Nick had complained of the cold all the way home, said it was getting inside him, had been inside him all last night as well. By the time Anthony tucked him up in his bed, he was shivering uncontrollably. The boy’s teeth threatened to smash themselves to dust. Anthony had agreed with his wife that Nick would sleep in her bed, just for tonight and he’d sleep in the spare room.  
 “Good,” said Steve, “he’s a resilient lad. He’ll pull through.” 
 To Joseph Steve asked, “did you manage to speak to Adam?”
 Joseph nodded and replied, “he’s on his way back. I did tell him not to go off like that, but he never listens to me. Never listens to anyone.”
 From behind, a long gangly man who looked as though he had been bought up on sticks said, “law unto himself that one,” and looked at Steve. 
 Steve shot him a glance, which almost snapped him in half. The long man held it for a second, before finding something of interest on the floor to look at. 
 Steve knew Mick was right. Lately Adam was causing him more and more problems. Somehow, he was going to have to tighten his lead. But that was a problem for another time. 
 He stood and to the group said, “gentlemen, I have received authorisation. Proper procedure is to be followed. Is that understood?” 
 Together the men nodded.
 “His way is the only way. The path we must follow,” Steve declared.
 Together the men chanted: ‘HIS WAY IS THE ONLY WAY.’
 They all turned to face the bar at the sound of smashing glass. 
 “Shit,” said Larry as he bent down to pick up the pieces.
 Steve tapped Anthony on his shoulder, “speak to your boy again tomorrow. We need to find everything he knows. Find out more about the silver car, that may lead us to him.” 
 “What about Mr. Alton.” Anthony whispered. 
 “What about him.”
 “He’s a clever bloke Steve.”
 “He may be, but he’s harmless. Don’t worry about him. If he becomes a problem I will deal with it.”
 “Mind me asking how Steve?”
 “Why are you so interested?”
 “I just don’t want a repeat of what happened with Howard Audrey. You’ve been good for us Steve and I know that problem has still got to be accounted for. I’ve not survived this long without knowing you don’t need another.” 
 Unexpectedly Steve grabbed Anthony’s arm, other than Joseph no one else noticed, and he looked away. “Anthony,” hissed Steve in his ear, “I can look after myself. So just forget about it and let’s get back to the matter in hand.”
 Anthony nodded, apologised and shrugged his arm from Steve’s open hand. He watched the anger wash away from him and as he picked up his pint thought, never in a million years. 
 At the bar, Larry had managed to clear most of the mess. He picked up another glass and tried not to think too much. 
 BANG, BANG: the door shook on its hinges. Larry jumped and dropped the another glass, “for fucks sake!” he cursed. 
 From behind him Steve shouted, “leave it Larry. Let Adam in.”
 On the way to the door, Larry made his mind up. I’m going home. I don’t give a shit if I lose everything I’ve put into this place and I don’t give a shit if they come looking for me. I’m going home. He was close to sobbing by the time he reached the door.


* * *
 
 
 Before Sebastian arrived home, he wrestled with indecision. 
 When he eventually reached the junction: left for Mowen hill, straight on for Bishops Gate, he felt as though the car had taken control. His hands were unable or unwilling to turn the wheel. He drove forward.  
 Five minutes later, Sebastian found himself back in control of the car and unsurprisingly parked in the same place as he had all that time ago when he had argued with the vet. 
 Gary Franklin had insisted that he was leaving this place, possibly for good. To look after his mother he had said. 
 Looking at the grounds and the house, it looked like he had stuck to his word. The house sat in near darkness and though the sign still hung; the bulb was out. A badly broken ‘For Sale’ sign struggled to stand. It looked pitiful against the mighty house and had a rough coating of ice. Sebastian was unable to tell whether it was sold or not. The drive was empty. There was no silver car and no car tracks that he could see. However, the level of snow in Bishops Gate was almost as bad as it was on Mowen Hill so the lack of car tracks was of no consequence. 
 He waited there patiently for a full five minutes before speaking to his air freshener. “Freddie, I may have been wrong and that’s a really weird feeling. In one way, I’m glad. Being wrong means my involvement and Ed’s is over. But if I have got it wrong then that means that Ed was right about my imagination and more seriously it means that someone else did this to Nick. And if everything that Ed said is true they’re never going to rest.” He gave the frog a flick and said, “lets go home, sleep on it.”
 He pulled away from the kerb. The snow and ice made a thick cushion between concrete and rubber and the wheels spun before gripping. It only stalled him for a few seconds, but by the time the tires gripped the road there were dazzling headlights in his rear-view mirror. 
 Silently he apologised to the driver and accelerated. The car came up fast behind him, and then an orange flashing light joined the others in his rear view mirror. Within an instant they were gone. The car had turned off the main road. Sebastian was certain the car had turned into the vets. 
 Sebastian slowed the car and searched for a junction. A hundred yards later he found one and used it to turn the car around. As he approached the vets he slowed. The first thing he saw was the silver car. The second was a figure dressed in black. Sebastian could easily see that his leg was damaged. The man was dragging it through the powder snow as he made his way toward the building. 
 The final thing he noticed was that the man was carrying something. It was small, but looked awkward and heavy. It was difficult to tell what it was in this light, besides which it seemed to be wrapped in cloth. Sebastian was sure it would be an animal and sighed. Once more everything had changed. 
 He hesitated. His foot eased away from the accelerator. All at the same time the figure slowed and looked up at the car. Sebastian made a decision not to stop, if he did there would be confrontation. Holding the evidence as he was along with the undeniable limp and without time to give foundation to the excuses that would flow, Gary would feel threatened and cornered and Sebastian remembered what that felt like. This time it would be worse than before of that he was in no doubt.
 He stopped the car further up the road and closed his eyes. His mind flowed like a river about to burst its banks. A moment later it dumped him in a deep pool somewhere back in time. 
 Gary Franklin, stood somewhere near his car, out of view. The unforgettable nerve tingling noise of metal on metal as Gary dug the blade into the paintwork and worked his way along it. Sebastian knew what came next and he wasn’t disappointed when the insane face appeared by his window. 
 Afterwards as the image faded, he allowed his thoughts to be dragged against the current until they are dumped once more. This time he is closer to the present and the images conveyed appear more configured. He can even feel the cold of the street outside Ed’s house. He is talking to him, “how did you get that scratch?” he asks. “Looks like someone went along it with a knife.”
 This time Sebastian replies, “Not someone Ed. Gary Franklin.”  


* * *


 When he entered his home Sebastian sensed a difference. A shift in the air, a different smell, or was the air just charged higher. He glanced around the quiet house and saw nothing out of place. The house was as it was when he had locked up and left that morning. 
 It was Jade he surmised, she was here, this smell, this taste in the air was her effect, her magic. When she was here everyday he took it for granted, it became the norm. And perhaps that had always been the problem. But now it wasn’t like that and he felt as though an unwelcome guest had invaded his home. He chastised himself at the thought, but wondered how many days she had been gone for this time? 
 He found her in the bedroom. Leaning on the doorframe as he had so often before, he watched her and realised with dismay that she was a stranger. He remembered the very last time he had stood like this and enjoyed her nakedness and now he felt guilty. She was wrapped up tightly as if the duvet was an item of clothing. He could just make out the sharp features of her face amongst her jet-black hair and wondered what she dreamed of and whether she was content in them.  Just a stranger then, he considered sleeping in the spare room and wondered what that would achieve.   
 Undecided, he left her there, went back into the hallway, picked up the phone and dialled Ed’s mobile. 
 By the fourth ring Sebastian was beginning to feel alone and this panicked him. By the fifth, he was mentally going over the message he would leave on Ed’s voicemail. On the sixth, just as Sebastian’s panicked message would begin, a voice full of the warmth of sleep answered. Although deeper than normal, and broken and slower, like it came from the ocean depths, he still recognised her voice. “Hello,” was all she managed. 
 “Oh hi Ange, this is Sebastian.” By comparison his voice was from forest treetops.  
 “I know Sebastian. Your name came up on the phone.”
 “Oh yeah, I’m sorry. I forgot. Look, is Ed around?”
 Her voice was rising from the ocean depths before he had finished. It bubbled and burst from the surface like Neptune and she hissed, “do you know what time it is? The only reason I’m awake is because you’ve just woken up my son.” 
 Before Sebastian could say any more, there was commotion on the other end. Ed and his wife were having what appeared to be a silent row. Expletives were spoken in harsh whispers. Then Ed’s voice came on, “hey Seb, what’s up?” His voice was deeper than Sebastian’s, closer to the forest floor and stuffed with foliage.
 “It’s him Ed.”
 “I know. You told me. Remember? And I told you I believed you. So why do you need to remind me?”
 “I went there.”
 “You went where Seb?”
 “To the vets. I just got back. Don’t worry, I didn’t do anything and he didn’t see me.” He paused. At least I don’t think he saw me. “But if there was any doubt before there isn’t now. He is definitely our man. I watched him leave his silver car and limp toward the house. In fact, his limp was closer to a drag.”  
 Ed let out a loud rush of air. It sounded like a storm brewing. He cleared his throat and whispered, “Christ Seb, this is all too real. I got to tell you I’m really worried. So what stopped you from speaking to him now? I mean I know what I said but…”
 The storm reached the treetops where they swayed and leaves fell, “you mentioned the scratch on my car. He did it. It happened when I saw him last time, when I made him angry. He’d disappeared somewhere around the car. I remember the noise it made. I guess he took his anger out on the car, either that or he was warning me. Whatever, it made me realise I don’t want to catch him in the act. I don’t want to corner him.” By the time he had finished, Sebastian’s voice had climbed down a thick trunk, and was reaching normality.  
 “I tell you Seb, reckon that’s a wise move. So are you going to go tomorrow?”
 Sebastian realised he hadn’t as yet given it anymore thought. He could not even remember the drive home. His last memory since seeing Gary Franklin was seeing Jade in the bedroom. Everything else was blank. “Yeah,” he said anyway, “I think I’m going to phone him and ask him if I can come and see him, so he knows to expect me.”
 Ed was hesitant, “do you reckon that’ll work?”
 “I reckon it’ll be better than just turning up. I don’t want to surprise him. Like I said…”
 “Yeah I know, the blade,” Ed cut in.
 “Exactly!”
 “I’m wondering whether I should come.”
 “No! Ed I need you to stay away. Just be on the end of the phone in case I need to phone you or need some help.”
 “Okay. Make sure you don’t speak to anyone about this Seb, we’ve already got your neighbours men following us around.”
 “Not sure Steve would have had anything to do with that Ed.”
 “Nevertheless.”
 “Yeah I know, don’t worry, nothing will get back to Steve.”
 “’Cause if it does…”
 “I know.”
 “We’re dead.”
 “I know!” 
 Before Sebastian hung up, he gave him the address of the vets, with quick directions, just in case they did need to get the police involved, he said. 
 Behind, further down the hallway, toward the bedrooms, he heard movement, more a shuffle. The hairs on his neck pricked and he shivered. 
 He turned to look that way. Thinking it was Harry playing with something, his gaze fell toward the floor while at the same time he switched the hallway light on.  
 His eyes rested on naked feet. 
 It was Jade. He looked up at her. She looked shocked, like a rabbit caught in headlights. 
 “Hi Sebastian,” she stuttered. “I was just getting a drink of water, its late isn’t it, where’ve you been?”
 “Jade, sorry, I hope I didn’t wake you. I was with Ed.”
 She shook her head, “you didn’t wake me, I wasn’t sleeping anyway. What were you doing with Ed?”
 “Nothing, just catching up.”
 “Just catching up?”
 Sebastian hesitated. If he felt it was the Jade he’d married that he was talking too then he would have told her everything by now, but it wasn’t, there was something in her eye a glint he’d never noticed before. “Yeah,” he said in the end, “just catching up.”
  She turned away from him and before she closed the bathroom door he heard her say, “just need to get some water.”
In the bathroom she locked the door, turned on the cold-water tap and leaned against the sink. Looking at her reflection in the mirror she reminded herself of everything she had heard and not for the first time wondered what she was becoming. Steve had told her that she needed to spend some time at home and keep an eye on Sebastian. She’d wondered why, but was more concerned at not sharing Steve’s bed. Steve had promised her it would only be for a few days and then they could see each other again. Although she had made her mind up some time ago, everything had happened so quickly. Suddenly she felt her stomach contract. Her mouth began to salivate and she knew she was about to vomit. Leaving the tap running she ran to the toilet.  


Chapter forty
Grey windows


The following day: 
 Earlier, Sebastian had made up his mind. He had firmly decided to wait until eleven thirty that morning before phoning Gary Franklin.
 The morning so far had dragged like it was in leg irons. It was now eleven fifteen and there wasn’t any member of staff who wasn’t aware that there was something wrong with Sebastian. Paula and Sophie had spoken about the possibility that Sebastian and Ed had fallen out but both agreed it wasn’t that. Then they arrived at the subject of Sebastian’s love life. Paula had given Sebastian a sideways glance before answering a customer’s query. 
  Sebastian could not wait any longer. He saw Paula across the other side of the floor with a customer. Sophie was closer. 
 “Sophie,” he said as he approached her, “let Paula know I’m going to be off the floor for five minutes or so.”
 Sophie, keeping her eyes on her stock list she held, said, “’k.” 
 Sebastian raced upstairs and sat in front of the phone. He pressed for a line, pulled out his mobile, and displayed the vet’s number. He waited for the display to go dim before dialling. Now he was here, at this point in time, he wasn’t so eager. 
 On his way in to work, and in bed –he had not slept- he had planned almost line for line what he was going to say. He had mentally listed all the objections and the counter arguments Gary Franklin would come up with when he challenged him. He felt confident he had a solid argument. When he left for work that morning his confidence was overflowing. Now it was all dried up. 
 He could not do it! 
 His watch said it was now eleven twenty seven. He had to think fast. 
 At eleven twenty nine, he had it, a new plan. It was shaky, but it would have to do. He dialled the number, drummed his fingers against the table, and waited. 
 No answer! 
 Sebastian hung up before the answering machine kicked in. 
 He pressed redial. His fingers drumming so hard, the nail of his index finger splintered.
 After the third ring, and just before the split in his nail reached his cuticle, Sebastian heard the unmistakeable voice of Gary Franklin. He could almost feel the moisture seeping through the handset. 
 “Hello Mr. Franklin. This is Sebastian Alton.”
 “Ah, Sebastian this is an unexpected, albeit pleasant, surprise. How is life on the hill?” 
 “Fine thanks.”
 “Good, good. You just caught me you know. I was just on my way out on a home visit. I have three today. Mr Cundey in Mounden has a dog with an eating disorder. He’s the first.” 
 I bet he is. “How lucky!” 
 “Good. Well now the pleasantries are out of the way, what can I do for you? I’m sure you haven’t phoned me just to catch up. Perhaps you’ve phoned about my mother. Well before you ask, as I’m positive you were about to, the good news is I moved her to a better place. She’s very happy now, which before you ask is why I’ve come back. You knew I was back though didn’t you Sebastian.”
 “Well I…” 
 “You were playing I spy with my prying eye last night, checking up on me. It was you wasn’t it?”
 “Well…” None of this was in the plan. He had been certain Gary hadn’t seen him.
 “But you didn’t bother to come in or say hello. Did you not think it was rude? I think that’s awfully rude. I’m disappointed. ”
 “Mr. Franklin, I phoned to book an appointment!”
 “Oh.”
 “For Harry, he’s not very well. I need to come and see you today. Is that possible?”
 “Oh I’m sorry, yes, yes of course. Let me get my diary.”
 Sebastian heard the phone hit something hard, a few seconds later it was picked up again. 
 “As I mentioned before, I was due to carry out home visits, which would take me out for most of the day and evening for that matter. But some of those can wait until tomorrow. For my dear friend Sebastian I shall make an exception. What time would you like to come round?”
 “At five, can I come at five?” 
 “Yes of course, I’ll see you then.”
 Sebastian heard the line go dead before smashing his down and screaming, “shitshitshit.” He stared hard at the handset as though it was its entire fault. 
 “How the hell am I going to get Harry? I’m not am I?” he screamed at the phone. “I can just see it now. ‘Oh, hi Jade, Harry is looking a little pale, think I’ll take him down to the vets.’ 
 From then on, it seemed as though the leg irons holding back the day had been smashed. Sebastian watched with horror the clock tick away time like it was a race. Like it was a shredder, no going back, once it’s gone it’s gone. At four o’clock he announced to Paula that he needed to leave the store early. 
 Paula frowned at him, her head cocked slightly to the left, “you look as white as a ghost Sebastian, are you alright?” 
 Sebastian leaned against a bookshelf and placed a hand on his brow, “yes I’m fine, I’ve just got some things I have to do.”
 “Well, whatever it is can wait.” Paula said in a tone almost motherly. “I think you should go straight home and get your head down, you do look awful.”  
 “Bed!” He felt reprimanded. “Maybe later. I have to get this other stuff sorted first, then I can rest.” 
 Paula placed a hand on his arm and said, “Seb, we’re all really worried about you, you’ve not being yourself for a while. Are you in some kind of trouble? Sophie say’s she knows people who could help.” 
 Sebastian tried to pull himself together and replied too hastily to sound convincing, “Paula tell everyone I’m sorry for how I’ve been but they needn’t worry. In a couple of days everything will be fine. Okay?”
 “Okay.” 

* * *

 Outside, now the sun had fallen, the weather was cooling again. Earlier on in the day the sun had broken free of the clouds and most of the snow around the town, and on the pavements and side roads, had turned to a dirty mush. 
 Sebastian drove slowly toward Bishops Gate, toward the vets. Freddie the frog swaying all the way. 
 “It will be okay now Freddie.” Freddie looked unconvinced. Along with his scent his colour had begun to fade. The recent events had aged him considerably. 
 “Bugger it Freddie. What if I’m wrong? What if all this is wrong.” 
 Freddie swayed, remained silent.
 “Come on Freddie tell me what the hell I should do.”
 Freddie swayed some more.
 They remained like this, Sebastian asking for answers, and the nonchalant air fresher swaying steadily until Sebastian abruptly arrived at the vets. Not once did it occur to Sebastian that he really could be going insane.
 The silver car was parked in its usual place. The earlier snow piled against its wheels keeping it snug. Sebastian doubted the car had moved today. 
 “Okay Freddie, it’s now or never. You coming or do you want to stay behind?”
 Freddie didn’t answer although he did stop swaying. 
 “If I’m not back in five minutes, call for back-up!” 
Sebastian left the car and Freddie behind and walked toward the main door. He tried them and found they were locked. He tried again just to be sure. They didn’t budge. He tried the bell. Put his ear against the wood and listened.  He couldn’t hear it ring. He pressed his ear so hard against the wood he could hear the quickening of his heartbeat.
 He pressed it twice more and waited. 
 Nothing. 
 Above him, the sign loomed. The broken light threatened to fall on him unless he moved. He did so and walked by the window toward the right side of the door. 
 While the window appeared clean on the outside, it was filthy on the inside. Just to be sure, he rubbed at the glass with the cuff of his coat. The dirt stayed put. It was difficult to tell in the fading light, but it was as though the window had been greyed out on purpose. Sebastian determined that Gary probably didn’t want anyone to see in. He tapped on the glass just to be on the safe side and listened for any sign of movement. Not expecting any, he jumped backwards when a dog barked, then went silent. Or it appeared to. 
 He pressed his ear against the glass. Was it crying? He couldn’t tell for sure. Something was. 
 He left the window and tried the door again.
 Again nothing. 
 After a moment of indecision, he walked by the grey window and skirted the wall following it to the back of the house.    
 The snow here was thicker, untouched. No not untouched. Not quite. 
 Although it was darker here and growing darker by the minute, he was able to make out indentations in the snow. A closer look, along with a careful placing of his shoe confirmed it. 
 Footprints.
 The optimistic side of his brain told him it would undoubtedly be the window cleaner. His pessimistic side argued at the point of having a window cleaner when you went to all that trouble of keeping your windows filthy on the inside. 
 He left the argument to fend for itself and when he came to another window he found it in the same condition as the one at the front. He left it and a short while later found the back door. It was solid wood with no bell and no knocker. 
 He banged on it hard and for the second time jumped backwards. This time he slipped, lost his balance, and fell on his back. Fortunately the snow soaked up the impact. He stood quickly, wiped the snow from his coat, his gaze finding its way to the now open backdoor. 
 Beyond the door, the house was in darkness. He felt for and found a light switch. Nothing happened. He tried it a second time, again nothing. 
 He took a step forward, his eyes slowly adjusting to the lack of light, and called out, “Gary, Mr. Franklin.”
 Somewhere a dog barked. He took another tentative step and called out his name once more. 
 He was stood in a long hallway, with closed doors either side. The sound of a dog barking came from somewhere toward the end of the hallway. 
 Closer, he could hear scratching. It was coming from beyond one of the closed doors off to his right. Behind him, the door still lay open; he had half expected it to have mysteriously closed. Beyond the door he could see dusk was giving way to night, a snow filled sky with no moon. It didn’t help. 
 He called out Gary’s name again, this time louder. Louder until his throat burned and he coughed. His empty voice echoed back at him. When he finished he realised the scratching had grown louder, more desperate, as though matching his pitch. 
 Two more steps forward with arms outstretched found him in front of another closed door. 
 From the other side, the scratching increased. 
 Whatever it was, was tearing at the wood, ripping at it.   
 Elsewhere the dog continued to bark, no doubt stuck behind another closed door. He wondered whether one of these animals was the one wrapped in a blanket the previous night.
 He felt for the knob, found it, and stopped. 
 Beyond the noise of the barking, scratching and ripping came another sensation, a vibrating, then a sound, no a tune, familiar, but not from here. It was alien to this place and didn’t belong. For a moment he couldn’t figure it out then he understood.    
 His mobile phone. It was ringing. He franticly searched his coat pockets, realised it was in a trouser one, pulled it out, just as it rang off. A quick look at the call history confirmed it: home. Jade had called him. Jade never calls me, not anymore. The realisation saddened him, but there was no time for it now and so it was quickly discounted. 
 Somewhere above him, the house creaked.
 “What the hell is going on?” He could practically hear his heart screaming at him: if you don’t get me the fuck out of this house right away, then I am going to remove myself from this puny frame you seem to be so proud of, and walk myself. Now, get your hand off of that doorknob, AND FUCKING MOVE! 
 His breathing rapidly speeded up. He became faint and dizzy. “Calm down Seb,” he whispered between sharp intakes of breath, “you’re hyperventilating.”  
 A signal from his brain, perhaps a fused neuron, sent a message speeding down the arm to the hand that held onto the doorknob. Before he realised what had happened, the knob was turned and the door swung open. 
 Beyond came a huge whine, which rooted him, stopped his heart. Something scraped against his leg leaving it tingling and crawling. 
 In the gloom he saw a black shape scuttling for purchase against the hardwood floor. It hit something at speed. The cracking of bone against brick jarred him. A cry of agony, from within him or the animal, he didn’t know. 
 He could see it ahead, between him and the rear door. It was not moving well. Clearly it was an animal of some sort then, but what?  
 He went toward it, but it moved again, faster this time.
 He could see it clearer now. The animal had propelled itself forward on its hind legs because it had no front ones and shot out into the night. 
 “Ah fuck,” Sebastian wailed. “Gary you sick fuck,” he screamed, “what have you done?” 
 The barking continued. His brain translating: ‘letmeout, letmeout!’ again and again.  
 Reason, along with a heart that was right now chiselling its way through his sternum while simultaneously punching the air from his lungs told him he could not assist the animal. 
 He could not cope with what he assumed he might find. 
 “Gary, you sick bastard!” he screamed louder this time. He was heartbroken, but there was no time for that now. Maybe later. Above and all around the creaking grew louder. In Sebastian’s distraught imagination the house was becoming alive. It was the protector of Gary’s secrets and so furious at the intrusion. 
 The rear door, his escape, root slammed shut!
 Blindly, he ran in one direction, flew through a door and found himself in another room with a large greyed out window, where, in places the light from the road broke through. 
 In the jagged light, he could make out worktops, cupboards and a sink. Beyond on a wall he saw a blue flame. A closer look confirmed it was the boiler. 
 He relaxed a little. The creaking was just the radiators warming. 
 Leaving the kitchen door open, he stood in the hallway and toward the sound of the dog said, “I’m sorry,” hoping the dog would understand. “I will get help though, I promise.” 
 Outside, close to where he had fallen earlier, on what he now assumed was the lawn; a black shape writhed. Its painful movements left snakelike markings in the snow. Sebastian found its definition horrifyingly easy to make out against the large rectangle of white.  
 “How did you scratch the door with no legs?” He couldn’t work it out. 
 He edged his way toward the black cat. In comparison to what was left of the rest of the body, the head appeared huge. 
 Not swollen, nor unnatural. Simply that what was left of the rest of the body was so dreadfully wasted. 
 At one time Sebastian supposed, this would have been a powerful tom, yet now, now that Gary had done his terrible work the cat was little more than a cruel reminder of his repulsive acts. 
 Crouching in front of the poor animal, Sebastian could clearly see that the front legs had been removed. Looking closer still, he saw what appeared to be black cotton hanging in various places from each of the stumps where they had been cut. He touched one and found that where the blood had previously congealed was now running again. The fur had been shaven away and the tiny flaps of skin were inflamed where they hung around the severed bones and sinew. 
 The smell was strong, acrid. It cleared his sinuses. Sebastian had no previous experience of gangrene, but supposed this was what it must be.  
 Gently, Sebastian stroked the cats back. In response, the cat attempted to arch in appreciation but failed. 
 Sebastian stifled a sob as his hand came to rest on the base of the poor cat’s tail. It felt rough like a bad repair on a porcelain figure. He felt around the tail, his curiosity like a cats, and snapped his hand away as his finger was pricked.   
 Then he saw it all. 
 The tail was not the cats. It was from another animal. It had been crudely sewn onto the cat. The needle was still there, sticking through skin and hair, black cotton hanging from it. The same black cotton, which hung from the stumps. Gary had attached legs to the cat but the cat must have gnawed them off. 
 He looked away and gagged. When he looked back, he saw how much blood stained the snow. He leaned closer and tried to clear the muck from the cat’s mouth. The blood here was thicker, like honey. He could feel splinters of wood and finally understood how the cat had been able to grab his attention.  
 He stopped finally, when he saw his eyes reflected within the cats. 
 He read them, and nodded. As he did he needed the back of the cats head.
 Something had passed between them: a connection, an understanding.
 With both hands, he carefully picked the cat up, tried to support its head where it lolled about, its tongue hanging loosely. He walked back up the steps toward the back door of the house and felt the cat stiffen, “It’s alright,” Sebastian whispered, “you’ll never have to go back in there. You’ll be safe now, at peace. I’ll make sure of it.” 
 After placing the cat down on a slab, he went off and walked toward a border at the lawns edge. He found what he was looking for, returned with it, and knelt above the cat. The animal closed its eyes and waited, peacefully. 
 Before he smashed the rock down with all his might, shattering the skull, he saw his tear on the cat’s brow. The cat blinked once seeming to absorb the drop as though wishing to take a little bit of Sebastian to where ever he was sending him to. 
 As he stood, Sebastian noticed for the first time the wind had picked up. 
 He shivered, wiped away the tears from his eyes, and without a backward glance walked away toward his car.  
 Inside, he caught a glimpse of his face and gasped, he barely recognised the sunken features, tear stained, and blood smudged cheeks of the man looking back. His eyes scared him the most though. 
 They were the eyes of a person barely holding on. 
 He turned the ignition and flicked the heater on. 
 Freddie swayed. The damn was threatening to break, but not yet, first he had to decide what to do about the disappearance of Gary Franklin. 
 He removed his phone and pressed redial. It was engaged. Well at least Jade was still at home, he assumed, that was something. 
 He looked up Ed’s number from the phonebook and dialled. It rang several times before the answering service responded, asking him kindly to leave a message. 
 He did so: “Ed, as soon as you get this message, please give me a ring back on my mobile. I’m stuck mate, I don’t know what to do. I’ve been around to the vets. The place is a nightmare. Gary…” 
 A computerised female voice cut him off: ‘your message is too long,’ it stated, ‘you can either leave it as it is or re-record it. Press one to re-record or hang up to save.’ 
 He hung up, and headed home. 


Chapter forty one
‘It’s all wrong’


He dropped the phone on the seat next to him and drove toward home. With everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours his concentration wandered and only a small percentage of his brain was focused on actually driving the car.  
 As he climbed the hill toward Mowen, the snow thickened and encroached onto the road, closing it down in places to nothing more than a single track, making the going tough.  
 The mist thickened too. Together they were like a deadly double act: ‘misty snow’. Great name for a pet Sebastian thought and wondered what the tom had been called and who had named it. 
 Soon he approached a tight bend in the road. It was then that everything happened at once.
 Although the road, walls and hedges were snow covered he recognised this as the place he had forced Steve Gates off the road back in the summer. And so he knew the bend was tighter than it looked and panicking he over compensated the turn. The car began to slide. He spun the wheel in the opposite direction. The steering had gone light and although the car was heading up the hill there was still enough momentum for the slide to continue. Then the back of the car swung round and clipped the hedge. The sound of the tough branches scratching against the metal filled the car with the sound of hungry crows. 
 As the car pulled away, the left front wheel jarred against a fallen rock, pushed from the weather beaten wall, and bounced over it. Sebastian, along with Freddie and the mobile, jumped too. 
 Unnoticed the mobile phone landed somewhere between the side of the passenger seat and door, and so Sebastian could not see the light flashing, nor hear the phone ringing as he brought the car to a halt. 

* * *

 Ed ended the call, and phoned Sebastian’s home number instead. 
 Jade answered, “Hello.”
 Ed began by speaking too quickly and slowed trying to hide the urgency in his voice, “Hi Jade, its Ed, Is Sebastian there?”
 “No I’m sorry,” Jade replied. “I don’t know where he’s got to. Mind you the weather up here is awful. I should think it will take him a while to get home from where ever he is.” 
 Ed thought the words didn’t match her tone. She seemed delighted at the prospect of Sebastian struggling with the weather. 
 “Well could you tell him I’ve phoned and ask him to give me a ring back?” 
 Jade could sense the desperation and said, “is there anything wrong Ed?” she had never been overly fond of him and hoped he was squirming a little. 
 Quickly Ed said, “no! Everything is fine I just need to talk to him about work that’s all.”
 “I’m sure you do,” Jade replied and hung up. 
 Ed placed his mobile on a side table and when his wife came downstairs said, “something bad has happened to Seb. I don’t know where he is.”
 “You spend far too much time worrying about him. You should worry about things closer to home.”
 “What do you…”
 She passed their baby to him and said, “Your sons nappy needs changing, chop, chop.” 

* * *

 Fifteen minutes later Sebastian pulled into his drive. He locked the car and walked to the front door. It was opened before his fingers could manage to squeeze the handle.  
 Jade was stood in front him. Sebastian noted how radiant she looked, how happy. He was shocked and warmed at the same time. Was this for him he wondered? 
 Before he could take a breath, Jade asked “Seb, where have you been?” her voice was over excited as though she had a surprise birthday party in store for him. It wasn’t his birthday.
 Sebastian looked behind him as though his recent past was laid out there for all to see. 
 “Well I.” He stalled. “Well I.” He began again, but Jade cut him off. 
 “Look whatever it is can wait. Steve Gates phoned earlier to speak to you.”
 Sebastian stepped backwards. 
 A subconscious reflex, in response to the verbal bullet Jade had fired. “He what?”
 Jade continued, the smile never leaving her face, “he said he was disappointed you were not home and that he would wait for you at the pub.” 
 Sebastian both wary and confused asked, “why?”
 Jade, speaking with her hands, as much as her mouth said, “He wants to buy you a pint, something to do with an apology, I’m not sure for what.” 
 His head throbbed, felt like thick creamy hot soup. Not one variety though, several, all mixed up, making it impossible to tell them apart.  
 He blinked and saw the cat wearing a suit. Blinked again and saw Gary with a tail and no arms. Once more and he saw the boy, his boy: Remmie. 
 Unlike everything else, Remmie wasn’t real. He wished he could do a trade.
 He couldn’t think straight. “Jade,” he began, “there are some things I need to tell you. Stuff is happening around us, stuff I’m not sure I understand. Stuff which I think Steve is involved in.”  
 He blinked and saw Ed, rocking his baby. Remmie was there, pulling at Ed’s shirt. Sebastian was Remmie. He looked up and saw he was crying. 
 He opened his eyes. 
 For the briefest moment, Sebastian swore he saw Jades smile crack. 
 “What could Steve possibly be involved in? Did you know he has offered to trim the hedge at the top of the garden? He said he would try to do it this week for us.” Her smile was bigger than ever. “Now get yourself off down to the pub and enjoy a few drinks with our neighbour.”
 Sebastian looked at the car. Something in his head, something that caused the throbbing to intensify: wrong this is all wrong. 
 “I don’t think you should take the car, if that’s what you are thinking.”
 “No, I’ll walk, but I need to get my coat and change these shoes. I’ll put my walking boots on, I slipped on the car park last time I was there.”
 She laughed, “Silly.” 
 “Yeah,” he said as he brushed passed her, “that’s me.” 
 She stood over him the whole time while he fastened the laces on his worn boots, so that by the time he was finished he was glad to leave.  
 He heard the door shut behind him; the echo was like a ricochet around the garden. 
 During the walk, his head cleared a little. He decided that whatever Steve was, he wasn’t a killer. Sure if him and his men got their hands on Gary, they would rough him up a little and after what Sebastian had seen earlier maybe that’s what he deserved. Maybe then he would listen to him and get some help. But Steve, a killer? No, he was no killer. 
 Now he had convinced himself of that he decided that now would be the time to inform Steve of what he knew, not about him but about Gary Franklin. 
 His spirits lifted, the pain in his head receded. Jade had done him a good turn sending him to the pub. Even the stiffness in his knee had eased.  
 Ten minutes later he pushed the door to the pub open and walked in. 


Chapter forty two
Judas pulls a pint


The lack of smoke was the first thing he noticed when he walked into the bar room. The air was clear but still smelled stale and for a split second he wondered if he had stepped into the right bar in the first place. 
 The second thing was a peculiar lack of people. Sebastian had never seen the place so empty and without thinking he checked his watch. It was early but not that early.  
 In the far corner, three men played darts. They were three men who, for the next twenty minutes, would spend more time arguing and bickering over whose turn it was as opposed to actually throwing the darts that Sebastian would wonder what the point was. 
 Larry was behind the bar and other than that the place was deserted, as lively as a graveyard in the depths of winter. 
 Sebastian sat himself down on the same stool he had placed himself the previous night and said, “hello Larry.”
 “Hello Seb,” said Larry. “Didn’t expect to see you tonight.” 
 Something in the way he said it, something almost out of synch, his mouth said: ‘I didn’t expect to see you here tonight,’ but the body language said something all together different. The body language said, ‘I hoped I wouldn’t see you in here tonight.’ The way he shifted his weight, his body closed, attention fixed on something on the bar top, a stained mat, a new scratch in the wood? 
 Sebastian forcibly discounted it. He had to stop analysing. It was driving him mad!  
 “Steve Gates not in yet?” he asked.
 Larry, for the benefit of Sebastian, looked round the bar, and said, “no Seb, Steve’s not in. Is that why you came in, to see him again?” With his hand, Larry rubbed at the bar top: scratch or dust. To whichever it was he said, “You know what I don’t understand Seb.”
 Sebastian felt it appropriate to speak on their behalf and asked, “what is you don’t understand Larry?”
 “You and Steve, you live next door to each other for Gods sake. Why did you need to arrange to meet up here?” 
 Sebastian followed Larry’s eyes toward the corner of the room. One of the men had shoved another. The third was sat on a stool holding his arm inspecting it and rubbing it at the same time.  
 Larry shook his head, “those three, they have to stop throwing darts at each other.” 
 Sebastian held a beer mat and tapped at the bar top, “Larry, I never said I had arranged anything.”
 “You didn’t? I thought I heard you say you had.” 
 “No. Anyway, Steve’s always in here in the evenings isn’t he?” 
 “I guess.”
 “Well maybe I’ll have a drink, while I wait.”
 “Sure.”
 “So how come it’s so quiet Larry?”
 “Hell Seb, I don’t know. Maybe this cold has finally got to them, keeping them indoors by their fires with their families. It’s not only animals that hibernate.”
 Sebastian glanced to the three in the corner, who, for now had seemed to resolve their differences by each having one dart. “What about them?” he asked. 
 “Them. I reckon they’re too slow to feel the cold. By the time they do summer will already be here.” 
 “Well Larry, I reckon it would take more than the cold to keep your locals away.” 
 Larry turned to get a pint glass. 
 Sebastian continued, “Yeah I reckon it would take something a lot more serious.” 
 Larry felt his body squirming behind the bar. Home was a million miles away, and right now he was further than ever. Not happy with the pint glass he had chosen, he took an age to put it back, and even longer to choose another. 
 Sebastian was in a movie, an old black and white. The director had handed him the script. He had rehearsed it well. He knew it by heart. Whatever happened was fine. It wasn’t real. With his next question, which was more a candid statement, Sebastian took Larry by surprise. The director would have been proud of his delivery. 
 “You know what’s going on here don’t you Larry.” 
 He watched Larry put the glass back, and remove another. He appeared to find a blemish, spat at its edge, then rubbed at it with a cloth, which Sebastian supposed was adding to, rather than removing any mark or dirt. 
 Larry turned and threw the cloth on the bar top. 
 “Yeah Seb,” he began, “I know what’s going on. Sure. I know that my pubs empty. I know that my takings are down. I know that the weather up here is beginning to depress the hell out of me and I’m beginning to wonder why I came. I also know that those three in-bred’s over there are driving me insane. That’s what’s going on Seb. That’s what I know.” 
 Sebastian watched the three for a while. They were struggling to add up the score on the chalkboard. The one with the chalk, the chubbiest of the three dropped it. He bent to pick it up. His jeans had pulled down and he was showing the crack of his backside. 
 The other two nodded, and simultaneously threw their darts at bare skin. They both struck lucky, the darts piercing each cheek. Together they fell about laughing. The chubby person simply pulled out the darts, stood and said something that to Sebastian looked like: “Now I got all three.”  Sebastian smiled and thought, well at least they’re happy. 
 Turning back to Larry and watching as he pulled a pint Sebastian said, “Steve left a message with Jade, asking me to meet him here.”
 “Jade?” Her name came out a question.
 “My wife Larry, you remember her right.” 
 Larry tried to laugh. It came out like he’d swallowed something prickly. “Yeah of course I do. Just surprised, that’s all.”  
 Larry looked toward the ceiling. In haste and on impulse, earlier he had packed two suitcases –his few belongings and clothes- withdrawn as much money as he could, and left the accounts open. It was all up there now, his pile of insignificance, in his tiny lounge waiting for him. 
 Deep down, he knew that whatever he did, he was buggered. If he left, they would come for him. It was an unspoken rule, they could not afford not to leave him be, to let him run free with what he knew. Today’s activities had told him that. His only chance would be to start again in another country. But where would an aging scouser hide? And how far did their influence reign?  
 So in the end he knew he would stay and that meant he had no choice, but to comply with their onerous wishes and remain silent, at least for now. 
 He caught Sebastian looking back at him, and studied his eyes. Something was missing, was it innocence, naivety or hope. No he still had hope in there. Desperate, stupid, good for nothing hope.
 Larry remembered the very first time Sebastian had come into the bar and ever since that first meeting had grown increasingly fond of him. He’d admired his stern resolve, which was a surprising stark contrast to his simple and polite nature. Looking back he wished that he’d never bothered with him and instead done anything to make him feel as uncomfortable as possible. Maybe then they wouldn’t be here now. Yet they were here and there was nothing anyone could do about it. 
 “Larry, you know all about Steve Gates don’t you.”
Larry sucked in air, noticing for the first time how clean it felt, noticing too, that it didn’t belong in his lungs. 
 “Seb, working in a bar like this, you pick up stuff sure. Stuff you really don’t want to pick up. But being here doesn’t allow for that, doesn’t allow…”
 Sebastian interrupted. “So, now we’ve established that Larry. Now will you tell me why he isn’t here?”
 Larry shrugged, “something came up I guess.” 
 “Where is he Larry?” Sebastian persisted. 
 “Seb, let me ask you something?”
 “Go ahead.”
 “If you could leave this place for good, now. If you could walk away…”
 “Why would I want to do that Larry?”
 Larry put out an unsteady hand. He wondered where his emergency cigarettes were and said, “Okay Seb, okay, you want to know what’s going on right?”
 “Right”
 “They found their man.”
 “What!” Gears shifted. His mind flushed, the sensation of an absent head cold. The jigsaw was almost complete, just a few pieces of the picture missing, and what an ugly picture it was turning out to be. 
 At the far end of the bar one of the three dart players leaned and with one hand wrapped around an empty glass began to bang the bar top. 
 Larry glared at him. “What?” he shouted. 
 The man mumbled something unintelligible. 
 “We’re closed, now piss off!”
 The man mumbled something again equally hard to understand, turned, and shuffled off, back to his family. 
 “That was a bit harsh Larry,” said Sebastian.
 Larry ignored him and watched the three leave. None looked back. When the door was shut, he walked toward it and bolted it closed. 
 “They found their man Sebastian,” Larry said again.
 “Who’ve they found Larry?”
 For a short time Larry stared into the space the three men had occupied. He wanted to say, felt it was his duty to say: ‘You know who Sebastian, you’ve led them to him. Where we both are now is fucking down to you!’ Yet, he could not. For that would take them to another place.
 “Gary Franklin.”
 “Oh.” 
 The way Sebastian said ‘oh,’ the way it hung around in his mouth, confirmed anything which needed confirming. The game was fully in motion now. Larry had his part to play. Now he needed to think about his role, after all he was just a pawn on Steve’s mighty chessboard. 
 Shakily, and not sure he really wanted to hear the answer, Sebastian asked, “how do they know it’s him?”
 “I don’t know.”
 “But you do know what they’ve done with him.”
 “Well I’m not sure what they’ve done, or what they’re going to do.” He turned his back on Sebastian, reluctant to face him for the next part. It would be a forced move. Bile in his stomach, he groaned, placed a shot glass below a whiskey bottle, pressed it twice, and swiftly downed the contents of the glass. “Argh” he hated whiskey. 
 A distant memory found its way to the fore of Sebastian’s mind. 
 They hadn’t lived on the hill for long. It was a beautiful summer. He’d left the house, slightly late for work, but happy nevertheless. He’d knocked a spider’s web and watched the dew fall like so many jewels. Then everything had changed. He wondered what would have happened had Harry died. Would fate still have carried him to this point by way of another route?
 He rubbed his brow with his hand, so much conjecture, and said, “But you do know where they are don’t you Larry. You know exactly where they’ve taken him.” 
 “Yes,” said Larry keeping his back to Sebastian.
Sebastian fought with a built in desire to run. He thought of mountains, and scrambles, and wet icy gullies, places you could lose yourself, places where the days lasted forever, places where there was no time for mundane worries. 
 He remembered being high on the Cairngorms in winter. With friends, ice axes, crampons and ropes, he had climbed a frozen gully, in places the ice was rotten and treacherous, but nevertheless he had made it to the top, to stand for a full minute in utter whiteout. No floor, no sky, and no landmarks: whiteness complete. He would have given anything to be there now. 
 Larry dragged him from his virtual sanctuary. 
 Turning to face him, Larry said, “Yes Sebastian I know exactly where they’ve taken him.”
 “Then we need to phone the police.”
 “No Sebastian, we don’t tell the Police anything!”
 “Because?”
 “Because if we do, that means I have to tell the police where they are. Do you think for one moment I’m going to get away with that?”
 “You could leave!”
 Larry looked up toward the ceiling. In his minds eye he saw his suitcases sitting there, waiting for him. 
 “Where would I go Seb, where would I go where they wouldn’t find me?”
 Sebastian at least understood this dilemma. After all wasn’t his the same?   
 “So what do we do Larry?”
 “We could do what we do best. We could do what people like us have done for thousands of years, and will probably do for another thousand years.”
 “What’s that?”
 “We sit here, we get drunk. We ignore. We brush it under the carpet. We do fuck all and let some other poor bastard worry about it.” 
 Right now Larry hated himself, hated the way he spoke about himself. When this is over he thought, I swear things are going to change. 
 “We can’t do that Larry. I can’t, I just can’t. Gary needs help.”
 “Yeah, well tell it to the judge.”
 “I mean mental help, I know him.”
 “So?”
 “So, will you take me to them?”
 A door slammed closed. The pawn had advanced and soon they would be entering the middle game. Only this was no game. No game at all. 
 Larry had rehearsed his lines so well and said, “yes Seb, I’ll take you, maybe together we can talk some sense into them. Steve’s got a lot of time for you Seb, perhaps he’ll listen.”


Chapter forty three
Down the dark corridor


They drove the distance in Larry’s four-wheel drive Jeep Cherokee. It was dark green, the panels battered, and was over twelve years old with one hundred and forty thousand miles on the clock. The interior was sparse, the seats a mottled and cracked grey leather. It was noisy –Larry said the exhaust was blowing-, and powerful. With the air conditioning set to maximum it soon warmed. 
 Sebastian fell in love with it instantly. He reckoned Freddie would love it too.
 They drove off the hill and through Bishops Gate and later skirted around the northern side of Mounden, the vehicle handling the snow and ice as though it was built for nothing less arduous. Other than small talk, primarily about the reliability of the jeep and the constant battering of sleet and later heavy snow against the windows the journey was carried out in silence. 
 Soon the scenery changed becoming more rural and undulating as they approached the south peaks. It was an area that Sebastian, during his walking days, had ignored favouring instead the mountains of Cumbria and Wales. Seeing the rolling hills, bright white against a black backdrop, caused him to wonder if he’d get the chance before winter was out.   
 Eventually they turned onto a narrow road where giant buttresses of rock stood proudly on their right side. They towered above the narrow road like giant sentinels observing the two where they edged along below. 
 Sebastian craned his neck and said, “They make the outcrops on Mowen look like pebbles, don’t they.”
 Larry, keeping his eyes fixed ahead, nodded. The going was becoming more and more severe and even the jeep, tough as it was, was beginning to struggle. Deep mounds of snow had gathered on the right forcing Larry to drive closer to the left where the land swiftly fell away. He shifted up a gear and shrugged off some speed. 
 A few minutes later, Larry brought the jeep to a steady stop. 
 “Are we here?” Sebastian asked, looking around and seeing nothing of any note. 
 “Not quite, but I can’t drive through the gate. Do you mind doing the honours?”
 Sebastian strained his eyes forward and beyond the glass, beyond the pounding sleet, he could just make out a wooden gate, leaning heavily toward them. How the hell had he seen that, he wondered.
 Outside he fought his way forward, the jeeps headlights giving a steady line of sight. A simple loop of thick rope held the gate in place. It was stiff now and felt like lead. Sebastian removed it, swung the gate open, and waited while Larry drove passed. He saw the brake lights come on and closed the gate. He re-looped the rope, and looking around, realised just how far from anywhere he was. Zipping his coat higher into his neck he saw the brake lights flashing. 
 He looked the other way, the way they had come and saw brake lights again burnt on his retinas. Not for the first time he considered his options and realised that he had none. He had to go on and see this through.   
 “What took you?” Larry asked as Sebastian climbed back into the jeep. 
 “I got lost.”
 Larry put the Jeep in gear, and drove on. 
 The road narrowed and climbed steeper than before. After a few more minutes, where the road swerved swiftly to the right, Larry pulled off the road onto a level area where several other jeeps and four-wheel drive vehicles were parked. He stopped the Jeep and looking across at Sebastian said, “we’re almost there, rest of the way is on foot.”
 “Where’s there Larry?”
Larry turned off the engine, removed the key and ignoring the question said, “you know Seb, when I was a boy growing up in Liverpool. My friends were my world. They were everything. Inevitably we all grew up. The change seemed to happen overnight. Most of us got married. I guess some still are. I miss my friend’s Seb, sometimes I wish I could go back to being a boy, being with my friends, my real friends, fooling around on the docks and getting into trouble. It’s all gone now though, blown away like so much dust. It’s a lonely world Seb, don’t you think.”
 “I don’t know, never really had any friends when I was a kid. Ed is a real close friend though. We’ve been through a lot together with work. But I know what you mean. I often wonder where I’d be without him.” Especially lately, he thought.  
 “I take it he knows everything that’s been going on then. What does he think about it all?” Larry asked matter-of-factly. 
Sebastian looked into Larry’s eyes and found them to be hollow of trust. He thought long and hard about Larry’s question and the way he had asked it. 
 “Ed doesn’t know,” he flatly replied, his tone dismissive. “Sometimes when you’re in the shit, you don’t drag your friends in with you.” He wished to god he hadn’t.
 “Is that what you think Seb, that you’re in the shit then?”
 “You tell me Larry.”
 Larry nodded, jumped from the Jeep, and from the back removed a huge padded coat and a torch. He stayed there a moment and used his torch to scan over a piece of paper, satisfied he tucked it into his pocket.  
 Sebastian met him at the front of the vehicle, his hood pulled tightly around his face. “Which way Larry?” he shouted to be heard above the howling wind and lashing sleet. 
 With his torch switched on, Larry swung it beyond the vehicles and grass verge toward a dry stonewall. He tracked along it and found what he was looking for. “There!” he said, his voice coming out broken and hoarse. 
 Sebastian looked and saw a narrow break in the wall, weakly illuminated by the torch. 
 “We go through the hole in the wall, turn right, and should find a stile to climb over.” 
 As Larry walked on, Sebastian said, “You listened well Larry.” 
 Larry ignored him and walked toward the break. Sebastian followed his lead and after a moment they were through the wall and over the stile. 
 Ahead of them, a horribly rocky and badly eroded path fell away. 
 “Come on,” cried Larry, “we go down this path. Eventually it will cross a stream and then we will be in the wood. Should be more sheltered down there.” 
 He began to make his way, but Sebastian gripped his arm, stopping him.
 “What?”
 “Have you been here before?”
 “No.”
 “So how come…”
 “I know, I know. How come I know which way to go?”
 Sebastian nodded.
 “Steve Gates was telling someone. I heard and stored it away, just in case.” 
 “Just in case?”
 Larry pulled his arm away. “Look Seb, it was your idea to come here, not mine. Now if you want to go back and leave Gary to those men, then, well I’m happy. But make up your mind, I’m freezing.”
 “You walked like this before?” 
 “No never.”
 “Well, make sure you keep the beam about three feet ahead of you. Otherwise you’ll tip forward, and don’t bang your foot down, you’ll slip. Make sure your footing is firm before you move, and try and keep your weight back a bit, then if you do fall, you should go backwards.” 
 “You want to go in front?”
 “I don’t know the way, remember.”
 It took ten minutes of hard walking before they arrived at the stream. Sebastian had felt his ankles role more than once, and heard Larry cry out a dozen times. As they descended on the path, the sleet eased and the wind dropped. 
 Larry had found the stream under a bed of icy snow and sleet. His right leg had disappeared up to his knee in freezing water and he had cried out in agony. Fortunately he had fallen forward his left leg making it to the other side. 
 Sebastian jumped the stream, crouched next to Larry, and said, “need a hand?”
 Larry groaned and replied, “No I’m fine, can’t feel my fucking leg though.” 
 “Come on,” said Sebastian, and helped drag him up. 
 Five minutes later after Sebastian had insisted that Larry wring his trouser leg out they found themselves at the edge of the wood, the trees were evergreen and spaced with very little foliage underneath, making a path seem impossible to find. 
 “Which way now Larry?” Sebastian asked. 
 Larry shone his torch in all directions. He walked forward about twenty feet and shouted, “here Seb, come and have a look.” 
 Sebastian did so. As Larry shone the torch, Sebastian could see how the land fell steeply away. It was sheer in places, almost vertical. 
 “The path we need is over to our left somewhere. Isn’t any way we’re going down there.” 
 After a few minutes of looking they found it. It was smooth and easy going and followed a contour on the sloping landscape. The trees cover had kept the path free of most of the snow and just as Larry predicted it was sheltered from the biting wind. Larry shone his torch to the ground and showed Sebastian, “look at all the footprints. This is the right way Seb.” 
 After another twenty minutes of walking Sebastian asked, “are we nearly their yet?” he’d made himself sound like a child in the back of a car on a long journey and chuckled. It was an unfamiliar sensation that quickly crumbled. 
 “Not sure Seb, it can’t be far now though.” 
 “So what’s the plan?”
 “The plan?” Larry paused “Don’t have a plan Seb. I was just going to stand back and let you do the talking.”
 “Right.”
 “Seb, I’m kidding, I don’t know what we do. Lets just see how the land lies when we get there, okay.”
 Sebastian nodded, “okay.” 
 They walked the rest of the way in silence until after another ten minutes Larry stopped and said, “Seb, I think we’re here.” 
 Sebastian took in his surroundings as Larry swung the torch this way and that. Nothing much had changed, other than the foliage. It seemed to have grown thicker, the larger trees were spaced further and there was more snow covering the ground.  
 “Where’s here Larry?” he said holding out his hands, “we’re in the middle of a wood. There’s nothing here!”
 “Look,” said Larry as he swung his torch forward. The pale yellow light carved an arc through the foliage and came to rest on something wide, black and jagged. Sebastian couldn’t comprehend what he was seeing. It was nothing, void. On either side, trees grew, but they were not like the evergreens. These were bare with branches like brittle bones. 
 Sebastian followed as Larry walked toward it, and stopped at the edge, finally understanding.  
 As they stood together and looked down, Larry shone his torch into the void. The inky blackness lapped at the light, but it was strong enough for them to see a crude rock staircase that worked its way steeply below them. After a few meters’ it veered off to the left where it disappeared from view. 
 “I guess we go down there,” said Larry hesitantly. 
 “What is it Larry, what’s down there?”
 “Hopefully, a fully functioning Gary,” Larry replied as he carefully took to the steps. 
 Sebastian followed him down the rocky steps, going he felt deeper and deeper into the earth. Soon, foliage gave way to smooth walls of rock that grew either side of the staircase, and when they reached the bottom a few minutes later, Sebastian watched as Larry swung his torch. 
 They were in what appeared to be a huge natural corridor. On their left and right sheer walls rose vertically. In places, water ran freely down the rock, and bright green almost fluorescent moss grew, and in cracks, weak ferns, their fronds hanging like bird’s tails. 
 As Larry swung the torch upwards, Sebastian could see the top of the corridor. He guessed from where they stood it would easily reach to forty foot. Trees grew there, somehow managing to hang on. In places they had swung inwards and leaned against one another, creating not only a natural ceiling but also a boundary against the snow, sleet and wind.  
 “Come on,” said Larry, his voice echoing around them, “we need to walk a little further.” 
 Sebastian did so and watched as the torchlight bounced from wall to wall and to floor. As they walked further along the corridor Sebastian noticed the beam grow weaker. 
 For a while he thought the batteries were dying, but soon realised the corridor was widening. He noticed too they were still walking downhill although the gradient was slight. The next time Sebastian was to take account of his surroundings he saw that the walls had grown massively and the torch was unable to make out any trees up there. He saw that the corridor had reached its peak and further on was beginning to narrow once more. 
 Larry came to his side and patted his shoulder, he pointed forward and said, “there, can you see?”
 Sebastian followed the line of Larry’s outstretched arm. Up ahead where the corridor seemed to turn to the left, Sebastian could make out a dull orange flickering glow. It crawled against the rock, growing and shrinking all the while. Dread scraped his stomach and he took a faltering step backwards. 
 Larry tapped him on the shoulder. Sebastian saw how tired he looked, his brow sweating, and his eyes red. “Not too far now Seb, then we can get closure on this mess, get back to normal.”
 “Not sure I know what normal is anymore Larry.”
 “How about a pint for starters?”
 “On the house?”
 “Why not.” 
 He took a step forward, Sebastian stopped him, “Larry, I’m not so sure I want to do this.” 
 “I can understand that. When I was a boy I remember my dad pushing me downhill on my bike without stabilisers on for the first time. I screamed the houses down. But I had to do it. I wasn’t going to move on otherwise.” He thought of the suitcases waiting for him. The ones he knew he would be unpacking tomorrow: hypocrite. 
 “He’s your neighbour Seb, he’s not a bad man. Just a little different from us city types.” 
 Sebastian thought the words sounded hollow, read from a textbook and lacking any conviction. Sebastian could see people throwing rotten apples at Larry as he spoke at speakers corner in Hyde Park. 
 He nodded in agreement anyway. 
 As the two approached the bend, Sebastian could see the glow clearly. It was much brighter now and hot devouring colours danced against the rock. The bend was, he saw, exaggerated by the narrowing of the corridor. It made it appear as though they were walking toward a long and narrow, rock doorway. Larry walked on and Sebastian followed. 
 Sebastian could hear a sound. He couldn’t tell what it was yet, but it sounded like prayer or chanting. 
 Sebastian, walking slightly ahead of Larry now, rounded the bend and without drawing breath took in the scene:
 Ahead of him was another corridor. From where he stood more steps led down to the one in front perching him twelve foot higher. The corridor was wider than the one they had walked through previously and Sebastian could see that far opposite him it narrowed again. The place was aglow with flaming torches; they adorned the rock walls on both sides, giving depth to the shadows, the cracks and the crevices. 
 Below him, roughly thirty people, all wearing black hooded robes, stood in a large semi-circle. They all faced the wall on Sebastian’s right. Four of the figures, two on either side of the semi-circle, carried flaming torches and held them high. The rest held long gleaming spears and jagged knives. The tips of some were stained.
 He could hear their chants, clearer now, they were repeating the same thing again and again.  
 Behind him, Larry asked, “what is it Seb, what are they saying?”
 “It’s Latin I think. Nos domino addo hac pravus animus.”  
 “And what does that mean?”
 “Not sure. I think they’re offering an evil soul to their master!” 
 Larry moved away from Sebastian, leaned against the rock, and glanced back the way they had come. “This is not what I expected,” he whispered. “Oh God forgive me.” 
 Sebastian watched him a moment, but couldn’t hear what had been said above the chanting. When he looked back toward the robed figures, the scene had changed. 
 He watched, both fascinated and horrified, as the torchbearers walked toward the wall they all faced and fastened the torches to either side of something, which hung there. 
 With reluctance Sebastian’s eyes accepted what the robed men were surrounding, what they were illuminating. The torch flames bounced from it, freakily animating the subject, giving the impression it jumped and jerked.  
 Sebastian gasped and put a hand to his mouth. A body was fixed against the smooth rock. He had been raised three feet above the ground, and stripped of his clothing, hung naked. His arms were outstretched. Huge nails had been hammered through each hand to hold him against the rock. His feet were bound together and rested on a small outcrop of stone. Save for being on a cross, he was as good as being crucified.
 The four figures walked back from the wall and took up their previous places on the edges of the semi-circle. 
 The chanting continued, louder now: ‘Nos domino addo hac pravus animus’.
 In the fiery light his body burned. Sebastian saw they had torn his flesh in too many places to count. A piece of skin as big as Sebastians fist flapped over on his chest, revealing red fat below.  It looked like a bloodied torn shirt. Sebastian saw too how the blood ran in dirty brown lines down the length of his legs. 
 Gary Franklin’s face fell toward Sebastian’s side of the corridor, his black hair tangled and lank. 
 Yet somehow, he was still breathing. 
 Sebastian shifted his weight, and slipped, his left foot sliding out below him. With both hands, he grabbed the wall, slipped further, and was pulled upwards by Larry. 
 As he straightened, he saw that Gary had seen him, was watching him now, but only through one eye, the other was badly swollen and shut. 
 Below Gary, the chanting continued: ‘Nos domino addo hac pravus animus’.
 Gary drew his head up as though it was attached to the rock, as though he had become a part of it and as though he drew strength from the very fact that Sebastian was there.  
 When finally he broke free of it, was upright, he sucked in a great lungful of air and shouted, “my old friend Sebastian, have you finally come to help me?” 
 He looked down at the figures below him, “Or perhaps you’ve come to see the show?”
 The chanting stopped. 
 A gap formed in the centre of the semi-circle. The figures either side quietly sidestepping. Then they bowed their heads and remained silent. 
 “Look at what they’ve done to me Sebastian. Look at my body.” 
 He sobbed, “how am I going to sort this out?” He rolled his head, his good eye closing. 
 Sebastian jumped as Gary smashed the back of it against the wall.  “How’s Harry? Better? Or was he even ill in the first place? No of course he wasn’t. Very good Sebastian, very convincing.”  
 Sebastian was shaking his head. 
 “If you were a good man Sebastian, you’d get me down from here, take me home, stitch me up and make me a nice warm bath.” 
 Two robed figures were slowly walking down the centre of the semi circle. Between them, they carried a covered, dome shaped, object. Sebastian saw it and immediately understood what it was. 
 Gary’s voice became more desperate, “I hate to beg Sebastian, but could you please find it within yourself to help me?” 
 Sebastian saw the two figures stop at a point below Gary.  
 He was crying the next time he spoke, “you’re not going to are you?” 
 All Sebastian could do was shake his head. 
 “What if I was to share a few more secrets with you.” 
 Sebastian watched as Gary’s good eye fell on the figures below him. The domed object was placed directly below his feet.  
 “It’s a good one about your wife and your neighbour.”  
 The cover was removed as another man walked toward it holding a long sword. It was highly polished, double edged and a thick blood groove ran down its middle.  
 “You should see the way their eyes sparkle when they’re in the same room. I’ve stood below his bedroom window Sebastian and I’ve listened to them, God you should hear her cries.” 
 Sebastian wasn’t listening he was looking at the dome shaped object and the man behind who was now removing his hood. 
 Steve Gates stood tall; the sword held at his side, his mouth closed in grim determination. Without speaking he placed his open freehand to the left of the spill work rattle. Another robed figure stepped forward and removed the glass cover then returned to his place within the semi-circle. 
 Sebastian turned to Larry, “I have to stop this,” he said and made a move forward. 
 “No,” said Larry, pulling at his arm, “It’s too late.” 
 “Speak of the devil,” Gary laughed, and he shall surely come.” 
 “ENOUGH.” roared Steve Gates. “May your black soul feed him, appease him, retain the balance of all that is. I am the Vestibular and I have spoken.” 
 The chanting started up again, incredibly loud; echoes collided with one another around the walls making the words impossible to differentiate.  
 Steve Gates lifted the sword high above his head. It caught the light and danced in his hand.
 Sebastian saw Gary looking at him. Saw the pleading in his eyes. Finally, he saw Gary look forward as Steve Gates swung the blade forward, and launched the metal into Gary’s chest. He ripped the blade downward, tearing Gary open. His blood and guts spilled, covering the spill work rattle. A metallic smell filled the air. The chanting was over.
 “Come on Larry, we have to get out of here!” 
 Without waiting for Larry, Sebastian ran the way they had come, back along the corridor. Within five strides he could see three men in his path. He recognised them from the pub, the ones arguing over the darts. The one in the middle, the biggest, held a long thick club and was grinning.  
 Sebastian stopped, took a step backwards, then another, tripped, and almost fell. 
 Hands grabbed him round his waist, hoisted him up, preventing him from falling further. 
 “Thanks Larry,” he whispered. “We need to find a way out of here.” 
 He could feel hot sour breath against his neck.
 “What do you reckon Larry? Any ideas?”
 Sebastian’s neck shivered where the moisture from Larry’s breath cooled. 
 In front, the three men walked toward them. They were all smiling now. The one in the middle cupped his left hand and swung his club repeatedly into it. Slap, slap. 
 “We can get passed,” said Sebastian. “You run to the right, I’ll go to the left.”  
 In his ear, he could hear child like laughter, “Larry?”
 “Oh I’m enjoying this so much.”
 “Larry?”
 “Hello foreigner.”
 “No.”
 “Yes. Its Adam, city boy, your worst night mare.” 
 Sebastian span around and saw Larry stood off to one side. He was pressed against the rock, hands deep in pockets. For a second their eyes locked before Larry dragged his away. Realisation hit Sebastian like a rush of freezing air, squeezing every nerve ending in every part of his body. 
 Sebastian gulped air and with an air of confidence and a steady voice said, “you hiding in your shadows Larry?”
 “I guess they’re the only friends I have.”
 “You’re full of shit Larry.”
 “Believe me I know and I’m sorry.”
 Immediately before Sebastian’s world turned to black, he took in Adams grinning, cruel, and ugly face, barely an inch from his own. 
 Sebastian knew then that he should have found it within him to have killed this man. For buried below the laws of the land, beyond the morals free folk live by, the codes of conduct they follow. Before all that is written for them to abide by; is a natural need to survive: at whatever lawbreaking, rule crushing, book burning cost. 
 Sebastian’s final thought before being carried unconsciously away was of his father, his kind loving father who had taught him all he knew, showed him the right path, before ending up in a pool of blood on the hallway floor. His father who in death had taught him a valuable lesson he had chosen to ignore. 
 Then Sebastian was gone.

 
Chapter forty four
Larry was wrong (endings and beginnings)


 “Hello Daddy.” 
 “Hello Remmie. Where are you?” Sebastian asked, “I can’t see anything, the dark.”
 “You will.” Remmie replied, “I think we’re passing through,” his voice was weak, but sure. 
 “Passing through?” Sebastian didn’t understand, his head hurt, a message from somewhere kept telling him to pay attention to the pain, but it was becoming so hard to concentrate. 
 The dark, made of so many solid blocks, began to crumble around him, like a rapid end to what would become a forgotten civilisation, to reveal an unfamiliar landscape. 
 Together they were stood at a junction, two roads creating a perfect cross on an otherwise barren place, stretching forever in four directions. 
 High above, the sun beat down on him and pulsed like a steady heartbeat, his head followed the pattern. He was feverishly hot and felt nauseous, felt like he needed the bathroom. The heat was killing him. No not the heat, something else, the message, a post it note read damage beyond repair, beyond healing. 
 “Son, what’s happening?” The words were a struggle, his mouth too dry and his tongue too thick.
 “We’re passing through.”
 “You said that.”
 “I know, because that’s what’s happening. I think. This is new to me too.”
 “I don’t understand. It hurts when I try.”
 “So don’t try then daddy.” 
 High above, Sebastian saw the sun fall and the moon rise, followed by the sun, then the moon, the cycle going faster and faster. And all the while, his son stood in front of him, watching, reassuring, though he shimmered and danced like a weak signal. 
 “What’s happening?” Sebastian asked once more, his voice like a shadow and tears of frustration falling from his face.
 “We’re passing through, just passing through. Don’t be upset daddy. Your time is almost done. It won’t be long now. My time in that place is just beginning.”
 Remmie pointed his arm down one of the roads and said, “I think that’s the way I have to go.” 
 He pointed another way, “and that’s the way you have to go, but there’s no rush. We can stay here a while.”
 Sebastian looked both ways Remmie had pointed; they appeared identical. “Will I see you again?” he asked. 
 “That’s up to you.” 
 “Up to me?” He searched himself for the answer, failed, and said, “I don’t understand.”
 “When I go that way,” said Remmie sounding like the confident pupil at the front of the class, “I may forget you, that’s what I was told anyway.”
 “Who told you?”
 Remmie smiled, “you’ll see.”
 Sebastian felt a rush of emotion build behind his eyes, felt the tears explode from his face once more, like twin bursting dams. 
 Above, the sky cracked with thunder, lit with lighting. 
 They stood in silence for some time and then they both heard laughter echoing all around them, followed by a booming voice, “look the foreigner is crying.”  
 “GO AWAY!” Sebastian yelled. There was another huge crack of thunder as the skies above parted and rivers of black absorbed the light. Then he was on the floor, his face in the dust. He couldn’t move himself. Remmie came and knelt by his side. He stroked the back of Sebastian’s head, pulled his hand away, and looked in wonder at the blood smeared there. It was the first time Sebastian had seen him show any real human emotion. 
 “How could you forget me son?” said Sebastian, his mouth full of dust.
 “Oh I won’t want to. But I don’t know what it’s like. I may be different. I’m sure we’ll meet again.” 
 “Don’t forget me son.” 
 “I’ll try to remember. I could take something with me.”
 “I have nothing to give.” 
 “Yes, you do.” Remmie moved closer to Sebastian and lay down next to him. He wrapped an arm around Sebastian’s neck, snuggled in close, his lips against Sebastian’s cheek and kissed him there, tasting his salty tears.
 Sebastian experienced another bout of grief, felt the tears stream from his face. They ran and fell on Remmie like rain. He opened his mouth and let them run in. 
 Remmie swallowed and said, “they’re coming,” as he looked up above his father’s face. 
Sebastian looked up too, and saw a great metal claw reaching out for him. 
 “I’ll wait here for you daddy, I’ll wait as long as I can. It mustn’t be time yet.”
 A café appeared just off the junction. A Neon sign flashing madly that read ‘Remmie’s place.’ 
 “I’m going to get a drink and some ice-cream,” said Remmie. “I’ll wait in there for you.”
 Before Sebastian was able to reply, the metal-clawed hand grabbed him and lifted him up. Below, the ground fell away, the sky cracked, thunder boomed and lighting flashed about him. Then there was nothing until: 
 He was aware he was bouncing about, his head banging repeatedly against something hard. His head ached. He tried to open his eyes, managed to, a little, but everything was swimming. A blur of colours; nothing defined, swirling, going round and round, making the nauseous feeling worse. 
 Then voices. People talking.  
 “He’s coming round,” said one. 
 “Doesn’t matter, makes no odds now,” said another. 
 One he recognised from somewhere said, “it does, if he dies before this is cleared then Steve is in trouble, maybe we all are.” 
 “Like I give a shit,” came another. 
 Sebastian endeavoured to open his eyes again, but the lids were small slits, his vision from the inside of a post box, but this time he did see a familiar face. 
 “Adam,” he croaked, his mouth dry, broken. 
 Laughter from a dream, “That’s me foreigner.”
 “You evil bastard!” 
 Something hard and heavy smashed into his face. Before he lost the ability to cry out he was conscious of an explosion between his eyes. As he was drifted away his thoughts were echo’s, the sounds of marching feet on breaking glass. 


* * *


 For a little while everything was an eruption of colour and noise, like he was at the very centre of the beginning of time. Then he was floating, being dragged along by the powerful flow of a blood red river. Either side of him, great shards and splinters of bone littered the way. 
 He had to find the crossroads. 
 He silently pleaded to anything, pleaded with God: ‘get me to the fucking crossroads.’ 
 The next time he became aware of anything real, he was lying on a hard, cold, solid floor. The air about him was warm and dry. From his left side he was just able to make out a narrow slit of light and below it were a few steps. 
 He remembered this room, remembered its smell. It was the room he had fallen into once. He was in Steve Gates house. 
 He tried to move but it hurt too much. His hands had been tied behind his back, his coat removed. He did a mental check on the state of his body. He couldn’t breathe properly through his nose, it felt like it was full of grit and he reckoned it was broken. His left eye was refusing to open, but the pain there was nothing compared to the pain deep inside his ear, it felt soggy inside. Like someone had filled it with warm water. He was bleeding there, from somewhere inside, he knew and it scared him. Something at the back of his head too, something loose, like a landmass broken away, floating on an ocean. 
 He Panicked. He knew he was dying, but then he remembered the dream. For the first time he fully remembered his son, Remmie, and felt strangely euphoric.
 The rest of his body was ruined too; parts weren’t working like they should. Limbs felt like they didn’t belong. He felt like one of Gary’s experiments and sadly remembered the cat he’d killed there. In some ways, he was glad of the dark. 
 He drifted again, and wondered if this was the end. Then he heard a noise, a scraping sound. He rolled over and light fell across his face. His good eye saw red behind the lid. 
 From within his ear he could hear the sound of a tap dripping. 
 He drifted again, saw red, blood red. He was on the river again. The bones were no more. The landscape around was flat. Neon lights hung from fluffy clouds. 
 A man walking along a road by the side of the river, watching him, his eyes dead, waving, “this way, this way.” It was his empty shell calling. ‘I remember,’ Sebastian smiled. ‘It’s okay.’       
 Then the voice of someone closer calling to him, “Seb.”
 “Yes.” 
 “Seb.”
 “It’s okay Remmie, I remember, I haven’t forgotten anything. I just need to get to the crossroads.” 
 “Sebastian!” the voice becoming desperate. 
 “Son be patient, I’m coming.” 
 “Seb, it’s Jade.”
 The river ran dry, his body rolling harshly on rough rocks. His shell stood on the road, with hands on hips, staring blankly. 
 “Oh Seb, what have they done to you?” He felt her tears on his face. They stung him, like acid. He wanted to hate, felt nothing but pity. 
 “Jade,” he groaned.  
 “I’m sorry, truly Seb I really am. I didn’t understand, I didn’t know this would happen. I never meant to hurt you, I just needed more…” 
 “Jade, its okay, it doesn’t matter now…” he saw light again, the door opening. Felt rather than saw a figure move across it and heard a familiar voice, firm, but gentle say “Jade.” 
 She left him then. He could hear her feet scrap along the floor. “Jade,” he whispered. 
 By the door she turned, “Yes Seb.”
 “Look after our boy.” 
 “Harry? I will.”
 As the door closed, and the light left him again, he said, “no Jade. Look after Remmie.”
A quick scrape, then it was quiet, almost. 
 For a long while, he lay still falling in and out of consciousness. Then beyond the door, he could hear muffled voices, shouts and some kind of scuffle. 
 Amidst the commotion, a voice he knew well shouted, “where the fuck is he? What have you done with him?” 
 A friend for life, someone you could trust. “Larry you were wrong,” he whispered, “my shadow is not my only friend.”
 Then he heard a deafening gun shot from just beyond the door. 
 Muffled cries. 
 Something smashing into the door and sliding down it. 
 Then finally before Sebastian drifted again, more shouts, more anger. 
 “Ed?” Sebastian said softly. 


* * *
 

 Earlier: 
  By eleven in the evening, long after his wife had gone to bed, Ed had grown anxious. He paced the length and breadth of the lounge and not satisfied took the hallway and the kitchen in too. 
 ‘This house just isn’t big enough. One more try.’ 
 He pressed redial on the phone and for what felt like the thirtieth time, listened to it ring out. 
 A minute later, he was stood in his son’s bedroom, at his side, listening to his steady breathing. For a moment, he wondered what he dreamt about, what worlds his son explored there. 
 In the corner was a chair, a small rocker. His wife had used it when Joel was younger. He wondered what it would feel like to sit there, fall asleep to the sound of his son. Maybe I’ll do that tomorrow, he thought.  
 After kissing Joel’s cheek, then forehead, and pressing his face next to his, he left the room. 
 Downstairs, he put on his coat, grabbed his car keys, and walked out into the freezing air. 
 His journey on the roads leading up to Mowen had been fraught with danger; he had never driven in such bad conditions before. Nevertheless, at eleven thirty, he arrived at his friend’s house. Sebastian’s car was parked outside but there were no lights on inside the building. He knocked on the front door repeatedly. Eventually he figured that Sebastian could just be in bed but he had to know. 
 He walked around the house knocking on windows and peering through the glass. 
 Finally, he found himself by the back door. He pounded his knuckles against it, the sound echoing like gunfire. 
 A black shape exploded from the base of the door, darted between his legs, and ran off along the path. His heart almost punched his coat open. 
 Harry disappeared into the night, “You little bugger,” he gasped, and looked the way the cat had run. At the end of the garden he noticed a gate, which on closer inspection, seemed to open out onto a track. Was this the track, which led to the farm?  
 He walked up to the gate stood by it and listened. Above the gentle sound of snow falling, he could hear a car door closing and voices, men talking. 
 Are you down there Seb? 

The way was narrow, made narrower with the snow piling up against the stonewall. There was only enough room for one vehicle at a time and as Ed walked along it he could see tracks cutting through the recent snowfall like tramlines.  
 Ahead of him, Harry jumped from the hedge and sat in the snow watching him. As Ed got closer, the cat rose, looked down the track, and walked that way. 
 Every so often he did the same: stop, sit, wait, and then go off again, his paws making tiny markings along the track.  
‘He is there isn’t he?’
 A short while later, Ed came toward the end of the track where it opened out by a farmhouse. Harry had disappeared. Inside, the lights were on and he could see people moving about behind the curtained windows. The parking area in front was littered with vehicles, mostly jeeps, and range rovers. 
 From the shadows off to his left, where four vehicles were parked below a line of trees, something, one of the shadows, shifted. 
 It peeled itself from the hood of one car and crawled onto another.   
 Within the blink of an eye, and before Ed had chance to react, the shadow shifted once more, and a man sprung at him from between two of the cars. He hit him side on, the force knocking Ed clean to the ground, winding him.  
 Rolling in the snow, Ed struggled to find purchase, his fingers coming away with handfuls of powder. Before he could roll again, the man was on his back. He grabbed Ed’s head and smashed it to the ground. Thankfully, the snow was thicker here and acted as a cushion. The only pain he felt, the freezing snow on a rotten filling. 
 He tried to keep his mouth closed. 
 Finally, after five more head smashes, the cushion wearing dangerously thin and his nose full of snow, Ed realised he had to do something now otherwise he was likely to die of drowning or suffocation. He wasn’t sure which. 
 He used every piece of strength he could find to spin himself around and looked into the face of Adam.
 There was no time for threatening words from either party, but before Adam could react, Ed crawled against the ground and flicked his body. He grabbed him by his side and threw him off as though he were nothing more than a plague-ridden bug.
  Adam fell hard, the wind rushing out of him. He rolled, came to his feet and stormed back at Ed, charging like a young bull. 
 This time Ed was ready. He’d sized Adam up before when they’d met in the pub. Adam was short, fast and quick-tempered. And now he knew he was light too and was no tactician. Ed was bigger, heavier and stronger, but he was slower. Ed knew that if he were in Adams shoes he would jab and pull away. Avoid the blows at all costs and eventually wear the bigger man down. Ed couldn’t let that happen. 
 When Adam was within a hairs breadth, Ed sidestepped him. With one hand, he seized him by the scruff of his neck, while simultaneously grabbing the top of his trousers with the other. Using Adam’s momentum, he threw him to the ground like discarded rubbish.  
 Adam slid through the snow face down, came to a stop, rolled, and jumped up. 
 This time Ed didn’t wait for the charge. Instead, he marched toward him, quick but sure-footed. His bulk balanced equally.  
 Adam held his arms up, his fists ready, “come on then foreigner, let’s see what you’ve got,” he spat. Ed smiled inwardly, now he had the advantage.
 With his left forearm crooked Ed stepped into Adam’s reach and shunted Adam’s fists to one side. Adam was thrown off balance and before he could right himself Ed hammered his right fist into Adam’s face. The force was like a house brick smashing through a glass window. 
 Adam’s head snapped back, and blood exploded from his nose as though a pressured pipe had burst.   
 His head came back on a spring and Ed repeated the jab in almost exactly the same place. He felt fragments of bone crush to powder beneath his fingers. 
 Adam rocked, but stayed upright, his eyes rolling.  
 Ed felt like he could happily kill this man and tried to steady his anger. “Want some more?” he asked.
 “Fuck you foreigner,” was all Adam could manage.
 Ed held Adam upright by his throat and snarled, “Sebastian, where is he?”
 Adam defiantly shrugged his shoulders. His next words came out slow and mushy, “probably hell by now, wasn’t looking to good last time I saw him,” he said. 
 Ed unlocked the door that had held his anger at bay and said, “Fuck it!” 
 His third punch came with even more power, more rage. It connected with Adams jaw, shifting it two inches to the right. Ed heard the snap of breaking bone. 
 Slowly Adam’s legs buckled and as he knelt in front of him the only thing which held him upright was his loose grip on Ed’s legs, Ed yelled at him, “where is he?”
 Adam spat blood in his face. 
 Ed crouched, pulled back his right hand like he was holding a bow, squeezed his aching fingers together, and with a force combined of all his anger, frustration, and hatred of this man, let it go. 
 His fist connected with Adams jaw on the left side, completely dislocating it and almost ripping it from his face. The sound was sickening, a crunching and popping all at once. Adam fell, moaning to the floor.
 From behind him, Ed heard a cough. He span round to see a man stepping from the shadows, younger than him, with a kind face, which didn’t seem to fit against his huge frame. Neither did it fit with the baseball bat he confidently swung. 
 “I think he’s had enough for one night,” said Joseph, “although it’s fair to say he’s had it coming to him for a long time. Sometimes I wonder if it wasn’t for him we wouldn’t be in all this mess.” 
 “Where is he?” 
 “Who?” Joseph asked, the baseball bat constantly swinging. 
Ed stepped around Adam where he writhed on the floor like a snake shedding its skin.
 “Sebastian?”
 “Come on I’ll take you to them,” said Joseph, “but it’s probably best if you keep your fists to yourself.”  
 Ed followed Joseph to the farmhouse, leaving Adam lying in the snow. He walked through the door and into a sparse hallway. To his right, a closed door, beyond which he could make out indistinct voices. Two were raised in anger. One, the female, he thought he could place, but he wasn’t sure. To his left was an open door, Joseph walked inside and Ed watched him from the hallway. The kitchen was full of men stood around in solemn silence. They drank from mugs and were watching a man sat alone at a large wooden table. Ed saw Joseph whisper to another, older, man and after a moment they both looked in his direction. 
 Ed ignored the attention and glanced back toward the table. In the centre was the object that had caused Sebastians fascination to explode. The spill work rattle. To Ed it looked like nothing more than an abstract pile of kindling, only most of the pieces were dampened by blood. The man sat at the table was using a knife to cut a groove into a fresh wooden peg. Satisfied, he placed the peg down and put the knife into his pocket, then he looked at Ed and forced a smile while slowly shaking his head. 
 Keeping his place in the hallway, Ed leaned over the table for a closer look. A series of letters and numbers had been carved into the wood. From left to right it read SG12200520FG. He remembered what Warren had told him and shivered. Everything he said was true. In the middle was today’s date that part was simple. He thought about Joel and about the presents they had ready for him and remembered a time when he still believed in Santa Claus. From what Warren had said the letters were straightforward enough, Steve Gates and Gary Franklin.     
 He coughed and when the man at the table looked up once more said, “are you the spiller man pegging out a name for the devil to take?”  
 Before he could answer, Joseph stepped toward Ed and said, “wait in the hallway, I need to speak to Steve.” 
 Ed was in no mood for waiting, no matter how many men were in here, he had to get to Seb. He grabbed Joseph by his neck, twisted him round and said, “where is he, what have you done to him?” 

 Joseph remained silent and didn’t try to struggle but he did crane his neck further down the hallway where a closed door waited. 
 Ed said, “thank you,” let him go and stormed toward the door. He tried the door and found it locked, “Seb, are you in there?” he cried. He turned round and to the men gathered in the hallway said, “I don’t suppose any of you have a key?” then stopped. 
 The men in the hallway were all looking toward the front door, where Adam leaned unsteadily against the doorframe. His face was like a war zone, his lower jaw had swollen horribly and hung at a slight angle. Blood ran from the sides of his mouth and ears giving the impression he was modelling a red goatee. He tried to say something, but his tongue wouldn’t move. Instead he just dribbled.  
 All of this Ed adsorbed within seconds. 
 What he struggled with, what was stopping the beating of his heart, and was making him wish he was sat in that rocking chair holding his baby boy, and what was making him realise he would never be able to, was the gun Adam was pointing at his face. 
 Adam held it there and attempted to grin, his mouth a bloody mess. 
 The door across from the kitchen opened and Steve Gates stepped into the hallway. 
 “Adam, put it down!” Steve shouted. 
 Adam shook his head; blood dripping from his mouth, splashing on the floor. 
 “Put it…”
  The shot silenced everything.
 Beyond the locked door Sebastian softly said, “Ed?” Then he closed his eyes, a final tear falling from one and let go of a long breath. 

* * *

 He was on the road again, it was dark in the distance, but with every step it grew lighter until at the junction he was bathed in it. 
 Ahead of him, licking an ice cream, he could see Remmie. “Is it good?” he asked.  
 Remmie nodded and said, “I have to go now, and I think you do too.” He pointed along one of the dusty roads, “look.” 
 Sebastian looked and saw green pastures, crystal lakes and rolling hills leading to snow capped mountains. 
 In the foreground, a man older than him, but with the same smile, the same features as he’d remembered, the same image he’d clung onto, ever since he was a little boy, leaned against a wooden barn. In one hand he held a small paperback book. 
 On the breeze, Sebastian heard him say, “shall we finish this book now son?” 
 Sebastian nodded, “dad?”
 The man nodded. 
 Remmie looked up at him, “you’ll love it there daddy, I did, Granddad is such fun.”
 “I’m sure I will,” said Sebastian and smiled.  
 When he turned back, he saw his son in the distance. He watched him walk beyond the junction and down his road. He watched him until he was nothing more than a speck of dust and still smiling said, “goodbye for now.”


Chapter forty five
Going to the City


Sophie was stood with Paula in Sebastian’s office. Lay open on his desk was the mornings copy of the Mounden Herald, the local newspaper. Since nine that morning both of them had been busily ringing various people to find out where Sebastian and later Ed was. Then at ten thirty, one of the part time staff walked in with a copy of the newspaper folded under his arm. Fortunately he’d had the good sense to go straight to Paula with the newspaper and not mention it to the other staff.  
 After reading silently to herself, Paula had called Sophie into the office and as Sophie read out the small paragraph all she could think was how ridiculous it all sounded. 
 “Mounden men missing!” Sophie began. 
“Sebastian Alton and Ed Matthews have been reported missing. 
 Three days ago, the two friends, both managers of local bookshops, left the Mounden area to go on a climbing trip in the Scottish highlands.
 The last time anyone saw them was in the village of Kinlochewe, 50 miles west of Inverness.
 A witness said in a statement made to the police that he remembered two English men being in the bar, laughing about ‘bagging munros’ (mountains over 3,000ft in the Scottish highlands).   
 Later in the day, on the shores of Loch Torridon, Police found an abandoned tent containing clothing and other items, which may belong to the men. 
 The investigation continues.” Sophie put the paper down and said, “it doesn’t make any sense, they must have the wrong people. Neither of them mentioned it and Seb wouldn’t take time off without at least letting you know.”
 Paula was staring thoughtfully at the newspaper, “it doesn’t make any sense Sophie because it’s nothing more than a lie. The way Seb’s been acting recently, something else has happened, I know it has.”
 “What are we going to do?” asked Sophie.
 “We need to go to the police Sophie and tell them, and we need to do it now.” 
 While Sophie considered the prospect of freely walking into a Police station the intercom on the desk rang. Paula pressed the loudspeaker button and said, “hello.” 
 “Paula its Mark. There is a guy on the phone called Warren asking to speak to whoever is in charge.” 
 Paula closed the newspaper and said, “can you apologise for me and take a message and I’ll phone back.” 
 “I tried that already Paula. I told him the manager wasn’t here and he said he knew that and that’s the reason he’s phoning. He says it’s to do with what’s in the newspaper and he’s a good friend of Ed’s.” 
 Paula pressed the button on the intercom and listened to everything Warren had to say. 
 Later as the two walked shakily onto the shop floor they were approached by two men. Paula painted her best smile on her face while Sophie thought of Katie. They knew who the men were, Warren had made it all clear, and though they were big and imposing they looked as uncomfortable in the store as the girls were in their company. 
 Sophie looked at Paula and said, “you know what to say?” 
 Paula nodded and walked toward the men. “Hello gentlemen, welcome to Mounden books, can I interest you in our current promotion?” she began. 


Epilogue


 The small and sparsely furnished room was full of the sound of a newborn baby crying. The mother lay exhausted on the bed, propped up now by fluffy pillows. A warm cup of tea sat untouched by her side. 
 They were far away from the busy cities, towns, and hospitals. The birth had been risky and not without its fair share of complications.  
 “Here you are dear,” said the make shift midwife, her southern Irish accent as soft as the morning sun cascading through the open window. 
 She gently passed the baby boy to the mother who took him into her arms and held him against her breast. 
 “Do you have a name for him dear?”
 Jade looked out of the window, toward the hills and mountains in the distance. “Sebastian, his name is Sebastian.”


* * *


 “Dr. Quinlan is here to check up on you dear.”
 After the birth, there had been complications, complications that had kept Jade bed ridden since the birth of her child three weeks ago. 
 Dr. Quinlan knocked on the door and walked in, “How are you feeling this morning Jade?”
 “Much better thank you,” Jade replied. 
 Dr. Quinlan looked across at Sebastian. “and how’s the little fellow?” As if on cue Sebastian opened his eyes and burped, “well I think that answers my question.” Although Dr. Quinlan had wanted to ask, the midwife had made it clear that the father would remain a mystery. He looked at Jade where she lay looking across at the mountains in the distance; she had tears in her eyes. “Won’t be long before he’s big enough to climb em,” he said, which resulted in a fresh outburst from Jade. 

* * *

 “They’re coming!” screamed the midwife, as she ran up the stairs taking the steps two at a time. “They’re coming!”
 Jade sat upright in bed. Sebastian lay sleeping in the cot next to her. “We knew they would,” she said calmly. “Take Sebastian. Take him to the place we discussed, when its safe if I can I will come to you. Go now, hurry.” 
 “Yes dear,” said the midwife as she collected him up in her arms. 
 In the distance, Jade could here vehicles approaching. 
 As the midwife left the room Jade said, “change his name, no one other than you or me will call him Sebastian, understood?”
 The midwife nodded and quickly left the room. 
 It would be a long time before she saw her son again and by then he would only know the name Remmie. 


The end.
