The Hacker Chasing Gemstones from Sierra to the Baltic Sea

By Stieve I Adams
SMASHWORDS EDITION
* * * * *
 
PUBLISHED BY:
Stieve I Adams 

The Hacker Chasing Gemstones from Sierra to the Baltic Sea 
Copyright © 2013 by Stieve I Adams
 

Thank you for downloading this free eBook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own free copy.
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are products of the author's imagination and used fictitiously.
 
* * * * *
The Hacker Chasing Gemstones from Sierra to the Baltic Sea 

Again an old-fashioned adventure novel filled with international villains, beautiful women and noble adventurers. The play takes place in a number of exotic countries in at least three continents. Beginning in Singapore, the voyage goes via the South Africa and Dubai to the Baltic Sea. 
Hamilton Jones, an unsuspecting computer salesman from Scotland, is being persuaded by the former finance minister's wife to find a lot of gemstones stolen from Sierra Leone. It turns out that some international financial puppies but doubtful background are trying to exploit the wealth of their shady business. 
© Stieve I Adams, 2013 /2019
stieve.i.adams@gmail.com 



Prolog
 
It is my pleasure to contact you at this time for an urgent business relationship/an appeal to come to my aid.
I got your company contact information from trade magazines that I read in a refugee camp in Guinea, West Africa.
I am Mrs. MABINTI CHRISTIAN KARGBO from Sierra Leone, the wife of former Central Bank Governor Christian KARGBO during the short time of 10 months of Government with Major Paul Johnny Koromah (1997/1998).
My husband was executed by President Ahmed Tejan Karbah in 1998 along with a few other suspects who have given support to the rebel regime led by Major Paul Koromah for a coup against his Government in May 1997 before Ecomog troops restored him as president of Sierra Leone.
Because of my husband's death I took with me some of my children at a refugee camp in a neighbouring country, the Republic of Guinea.
Three weeks ago when I privately came back to Sierra Leone, I discovered some family members and secret documents that belonged to my late husband in his underground safe in our village.
Among these documents are a certificate of the deposit of three drawers, where family assets being held by a known security companies in one of the European countries. In the last four nights have exchanged telephone and fax with the company which is currently awaiting our arrival to come get the cartons.
The attached document is an instruction to the actual contents of the boxes, there are three boxes containing precious stones worth $46800000.00 (forty-six million eight hundred thousand us dollars).
I am contacting you because I need your support to manage investments in your country because my experience is very limited in such matters. I will come to your country, when everything is ready, I will compensate you for the work done.
When you receive this mail, reply me and leave your telephone and fax numbers to facilitate communication, and I will provide all the information you need, before I move from Sierra Leone to Europe.
 
Because of the uncertain situation in my country (Sierra Leone), answer me only to these private lines:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 
I expect a quick reply, 
Greetings.
Mrs. Mabinti Christian Kargbo
 


London
I got an e-mail from someone who wanted help with placing forty-six million dollars. Everyone knows that these types of letters are scams. When I got this message in my mail box, I found, however, that it would be interesting to follow up on it. I had previously been in contact with a person who has been in the country, so why not lift the handset. 
I was so curious and rang Mrs. Kargbo at one of the designated phone numbers. The phone line was not very good, but the woman in Sierra Leone spoke fine English. She seemed to be very happy that I took the trouble to call to Africa. We quickly agreed to meet in London, she would get there next week. I would in any case to London to a data conference.
Curious, I went to the swanky hotel near Hyde Park, notified me at the reception and then a heavy bodyguard from Africa appeared to escort me to Mrs. Kargbo, the wife of the executed Head of the Central Bank. I didn't know really what I expected, she spoke English as if she was educated in Oxford, but there are lots of foreign students there from all corners of the globe.
The Bank Manager's wife rented a suite at the hotel, in the outer room, I was searched by the bodyguard and then handed over to a female African bodyguard who in turn escorted me to the next room. So far, it was well no surprises, but when I met the next woman I was dumbfounded.
It turned out that the bank manager's wife not only had studied in England, she was very English. She was good-looking, well-dressed, probably 180 cm long and very white. 
"Oh dear," I blurt out, "it was really a surprise. If it is you who is Mrs. Kargbo, of course".
"Mr. Jones", she greets, "why should it be so strange with an English who was married to an African Central Bank Governor?"
"Well," said I, "with the bloody history that exists in Sierra Leone, I had not expected anything other than Africans involved."
Mrs. Kargbo offers black tea and tells the story of her husband, the Governor and his own part in this bloody civil war. Now it is so that the violence in Northern Ireland and the Basque country a big headlines as soon as someone is killed. In Africa, the last mass murder that gets very little attention so long as there is no European or American involved. 
At the beginning of 1996 was elected Ahmad Tejan Kabbah to Sierra Leone's president. With the intervention of Nigerian troops and Russian helicopters fought Revolutionary United Front (RUF). In February 1997, led Major Johnny Paul Koroma, 33 years old, a successful military coup. Dressed in a t-shirt and baseball hat, he led the military junta that took over power.
The former Finance Minister was tortured and Paul Koroma schoolmate from the village school, Christian Kargbo, got the offer to become the head of the Cental bank. Koroma was himself only a disgruntled military with low education. Christian Kargbo did not know very much about economics but he was married to Naimee, a well-educated British.
"Actually, it was me who was head of the Central Bank," confides me Mrs. Naimee Kargbo, "it was I who titled vice president led the daily work at the Bank."
Mr. Kargbo lived life's happy days together with the rest of the military junta, funded directly by funds from the Central Bank. Ever since the former President tried to regain power with the help of troops from neighboring countries, it was clear that the military junta would be short-lived.
In that position Mr. Kargbo gently plunder the Central Bank on foreign currency, mainly dollars and pounds. After all, there was some money in bank vaults, the former Governor had managed to keep the economy above water despite all the corruption and civil war.
One reason why there were still assets in bank vaults were diamonds, in the country, there are significant assets of the diamonds were extracted with the help of American and British companies. The unrest, however, had led to the Americans and the British are low.
Somewhere in Europe would be three boxes containing diamonds worth 46 million U.S. dollars. This is where it starts to get interesting, where are the drawers and how would one go about. 
"No problem," declares Naimee. "I'll take with me the deposit documents to the Bank, we take out the drawers and with your help, I want to invest in Europe."
"It sounds far too easily." why don't you grab a few of your bodyguards, the receipts out boxes and allows an appropriate bank to place the money in real estate, the stock market or something else? "
Mr. Kargbo had tangled to it so that the boxes could only be retrieved by two reliable people, one was Mrs. Kargbo, the other would be one of Mr. Kargbo designated Englishman provided that Mr. Kargbo was no longer alive.
"But the Englishman is not me." Now starts the hard part, I think. "Firstly, I am a Scotsman ..."
"But you can help me to find him," States Naimee.
"Why me?" I ask more and more confused.
At the time that Mr. Kargbo was a young officer in the Sierra Leone army were British officers as trainers. One of these, Randolph Jameson, became something of an idol of Mr. Kargbo, because he was honest and unbridled. 
"Because I don't want to take the help of an official instance, they ask for a lot, I think that a man with your background would lend itself very well to lead the search for Randolph. Now we go down in the dining room and eat a good dinner at my expense while considering my offer. "


 
Singapore
Strange are the ways of the Lord, or whatever it's called. Mrs. Kargbo, Naimee, and I ate a delicious dinner in the hotel's dining room. She was very pleasant and urbane, Naimee. Actually, I felt a certain Sir Randolph, could it possibly be the same man? A typical English gentleman with drooping ginger colored mustache?
We eventually agreed that it could be the same man. Why could not just call him Naimee, e-mail him or maybe write a letter? The thing was that this sir Randolph seemed to be missing from the face of the Earth. 
I had not long ago been supporting together with him in Singapore, of all places. How it was so she managed to persuade me to try and locate him Sir Randolph. Naimee had a very strong powers of persuasion which I eventually would suffer several times. I followed her up to it has charm, thanked with a light kiss on the cheek and a warm hug, all under the supervision of the female bodyguards. However, she blinked in a seductive way, I thought, when the bodyguard turned his back on her.
Apart from a delicious dinner, it seemed to be a little fishy about the whole story. It was, after all, a so called a Nigerian letter, an advance-fee scam. I was surprised that I would go on such a simple feint. But, that said, Naimee had a certain power of persuasion. Therefore, I thought I'd make an effort when I came to the Office the next morning. 
I called our branch in Singapore that they would make an attempt to locate Sir Randolph if he could remain in the country. After a few hours, they returned with the news that he was unable to locate via telephone registries or agencies. 
Well, I called up Naimee and we agreed to once again meet and eat dinner so we could discuss further. 
"You have a lot to do at work?" asks Naimee.
"Njaee", was the reply, "right now I am looking for new business opportunities, that is, new customers, often in other countries."
"Great! I can give some tips on international customers. In Singapore, for example. "
"Gee, it seems you want to utilize my services!"
She seems to be used to do business, Naimee. It also seems that if she won’t get his will through.
"In short, I want to make a consulting agreement with you. I pay well. Apart from that, I have some business contacts in the Singapore area, so maybe you could look for any traces of Sir Randolph? "
In short, I have been in Singapore in the past, there was no business, but other adventures in fact. Sure, find customers for data systems can I do in Singapore. On the whole, the Asian market is very interesting. 
We agreed to sleep on it, and that we would meet at her hotel the next day.
 
Two days later I was back in China town in Singapore to look for someone who might know where his friend Randolph could bee. I was hoping that my previous contact, tug boat skipper Bjorn would be available. Of course, I had been searching the Internet to try to find if his boat was left. That it should be so difficult in this digital world to look for something as simple as an English gentleman who could possibly be in this city. In and of itself, it lives well nearly five million people here, but not so many British look.
Anyway, I took a taxi to try to hit Björn who formerly lived in the Geylang area. I get stopped by a powerful Chinese who exclaims
"Hello mister Ham, are you here again? Looking for mister Bjorn understood? "
Wonderful, this man, I had not seen in years — and he recognized me instantly! Of course I was looking for Björn, but he was somewhere else, or maybe he hasn't lived. Information from Hu was slightly confusing, he did not say where Björn was until he had found out what I really wanted him. 
"Sure, I would like to meet Björn, but really I am looking for a British gentleman, sir Randolph, we used to hang out with in the past. He has a droopy mustache of an indefinite ginger color ... "
"Sure, Mister Ham, I remember very well his British upstart. I think I know he bought a new boat and is out there and sail somewhere. The boat named Charlotte Victoria, probably registered in the Bahamas. Flags of convenience, of course.
I have my little portable tiny computer available, but a search of the boat's name gives no result. But with a taxi, do I get to the Harbour Office, where a friendly harbour master informs me that Sir Randolph with the boat Charlotte Victoria, sailed a few weeks ago. The boat was of the type Hallberg-Rassy Monsoon, 10 meters long and equipped with a 25-horsepower Volvo Penta engine. Manufactured on the island Orust in Sweden of all places. One can ask why he sailed with a relatively simple and small boat, but maybe he was hungry for adventure. Probably he was alone on board. 
He had taken aim at Africa, perhaps on the road around the world. Raffe had been prudent enough to give out his phone number and email address. Now can all be accessed anywhere on the Earth's surface. Theoretically, anyway. In practice, it turned out that it could not produce any signal. OK, we write well an email then.
 
To: randolphII@gmail.com
Topic: Naimee
Hi Raffe – Hamilton here. Thank you for last, hope you picked up from hardships in the Strait of Malacca. Our mutual friend Naimee looking for you, please let me know by email or call me on + 004412345678!
Drive carefully!
(it was unnecessary with the details, you can read other people's mail if you are good at such things)
 
Of course, I had booked a room at the exclusive Raffles. Rooms and rooms, it was actually a Palm Court Suite with veranda facing the courtyard. Rudyard Kipling, the famous writer of, among other things, the jungle book, might have stayed in this room. On the other hand, he is said to have preferred to stay at other hotels, but praised the food at Raffles. 
I checked that my little Tiny-computer had contact with the wireless broadband network and waited to Raffe would connect. It was expecting. If I thought it would be quick to get answers so I cheated on me. After a little NAP, I went down in The Tiger Bar to quietly sip a Tiger beer. The last tiger in Singapore was his fate as early as 1902. Then it became trapped in the billiard room at Raffles and was shot by a local schoolteacher. 
Suddenly woke up my tiny computer with a roar. It was actually sir Randolph that appeared in the box and wanted to have a video conversation with me. My little computer actually has a built-in Web Camera, it remains to be seen whether it is also possible to get to a picture that expresses itself through the satellite to Raffes boat.
When my little Tiny roared like a tiger, I was of course noticed at the bar. I had switched to tiger roar as the startup sound for the PC, in honour of the day. In times gone by it was Raffles Hotel starting point for various adventures on the Malay Peninsula, both in reality and in various films. In the 1980 's were shown such as the Mission in Singapore with Bruce Boxleitner on various TV channels around the world. 
The television here on Tiger bar did not show the Tigers but focused as usual on the misery in the world. Right now, the world was in economic crisis, a constantly recurring theme every seven years. Because the communications are now so fast over the earth so is also the news quickly. It's also true that world economies are entangled in each other so that when the Nasdaq stock market sneezes, the rest of the world believe that it is the flu will infect. Therefore, rages also stock exchanges in Asia when the sun comes up there. The so-called market has reacted. I have always asked myself: who are the market, there might be a market with large M, a God who specialized in economy and which in reality controls the world of money.
Right now, it was the price of crude oil jumped up again. And the dollar had dropped in value against other currencies. Once again the market had spoken.
Anyway, my tiny computer had roared, and I opened the electronic mailbox. There was a brief message from Randolph. He had received several emails with a similar request. It was no ordinary spam, without unknown people who promised gold and green Woods if he contacted them. Much like Nigeria letter he wrote. We reviewed Google video!
Smart thought. He means, of course, Gmail voice and video chat. Then he might have an eye on who he had contact with. No encryption or other oddities to be sure who is on the other end of the wire. In this case, the wireless, but in all cases. Because I had his Gmail address, it was as well to. It was, in any case, no one in this bar that was interested in what I had for me. Or was that it? A woman a few tables away seemed to actually show some interest for me. It could be because she was interested in my little cute computer. Or maybe she thought I was cute. Or maybe she wanted to offer their services; I did not know which profession she had. Judging by her appearance, she could be from Russia or perhaps any other Eastern European country.
Perhaps it should be a little calmer and quieter to hook me up from the hotel room. I knew not whether we were going to talk about some secret or not. 
Video chat gives the not very good picture. In this case, even the sound trouble. But I got in touch with a face full of Red Beard, but his initial reply, I realized that I found the right person.
"Hi, happy man from the Highlands," he began. "What you have now for adventure to offer?"
"Why so suspicious? Our little cruise in the Strait of Malacca on his time was well just refreshing! How is the weather, by the way, do you have any interesting storm going on? " One can not start a conversation with an Englishman without talking weather.
"Right now it is a clear blue sky, amazingly hot, actually. On board, it is completely quiet as I sail with the wind speed towards the South of the continent. "
I outlined very briefly for my case:
"How is it, really, is there anything in the history that our mutual friend has told."
"You've hit a sore point in my honest British heart, actually. It's a few months in West Africa that I would prefer to forget. But yes, I am guilty of being accomplices in that story. Unfortunately, as I said was. "
"Well, where do we go", was the natural follow-up question.
"There are indeed some shady individuals that want to add rhubarb on this treasure. Therefore, I propose that we meet in two weeks. For this to work, we should meet up at three. Or maybe the two man and a woman. If you tell the woman in question that we meet at Seal Island, then she knows what happens. "
"Then the question remains – when?"
"It will take probably about a week for me to take me there by boat. But it's not imminent haste might. We can be heard over Gmail or mobile phone, you've got my mobile number. My Inmarsat has contact with the satellites, but I'm not available all the time. Sometimes I have to adjust the antenna so that it should work. "
Imagine what technology has been developed. Adventurer and polar Explorer can now ride on their adventures without risking life very much. Even if you break your leg on the way to the South Pole so simply call the nearest rescue helicopter and gets rescued. It was the difference at Amundsens and Nansens time. The ships were then often frozen over the winter and the rest of the world could only hope and wait. Any searchers was precarious, you knew not even where they were, or whether they were alive or dead. Nansen was forced to spend the winter on an island in Franz Josef Land and feed on Walrus and polar meat. Andrée, who tried to reach the North Pole by hot air balloon, died when he wintered at White Island. With the exception of a homing pigeon and some found buoys not heard of the expedition at 33 years. The remains of service members, and their tools and diaries found 1930.
But as I said, with today's technology, you could easily reach Sir Randolph in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
The venue was a bit cryptic, time to get in touch with Naimee! I called up and got a response.
"Hey, boss," I started.
"But please, why have you not heard of you?". She sounds almost like a real wife. I have none, but I know other people's wives.
I told you about Raffes something cryptic place where we would meet. 
"Great!" she thought, "Please let me know when he is approaching the goal as we meet there."
"Oh, please?"
"It gets you know when! Dedicate yourself to selling computers somewhere in time." Naimee thought, and I content myself with.
I walked into the bar and washed down my fears with a Singapore Sling, drink, famous since the 1910’s, when the bartender Ngiam Tong Boon mixed it for the first time.
The Lady with the Russian appearance had disappeared but came back after a while. She sat down at the next table with a Tiger beer. Because I'm a salesperson, I try to be nice to my fellow human beings. And here we were a couple of lonely people, at a bar in Singapore. It was natural that we began to chat. I introduced myself, and she said her name was Anneli. She was from Scandinavia and was here in some kind of real estate transactions. She was quite curious as to what i did in this part of the world. The Scots sold computers in Asia thought she seemed somewhat out of place. I countered that Scandinavian women in the real estate industry at the tip of the Malay Peninsula was about as strange.
We had a fruitful discussion on the economy in the world before it was time to jump into bed. I was considering for a second or so to invite her to my Suite at the hotel, but her appearance was very businesslike, therefore I abstained.
The next few days I tried to sell the Scottish computer solutions mainly to firms with British ties. In the evenings, I met was Anneli and Tiger beer and discussed the world's economy. She seemed oddly familiar with foreign exchange and crude oil price to just be real estate agents. It lasted a few days, but I even came out where she lived. Then she was missing. I asked at the bar and the reception of the hotel if they knew anything about her. But they didn't. I had actually started to like her and the evenings become more boring now. 
The woman in question was interesting, although somewhat bland exterior, rat-colored hair without hairstyle, one square in the body. But she radiated personality. 
After a time it popped up an email from Raffe who simply said that I would announce Naimee and that we would meet at the agreed location for a few days. 
Naimee had booked ticket with Singapore Airlines flight SQ478. The flight goes from Changi, Singapore International Airport at 0710. Where then? The notice you. Was the answer. It was not so difficult to find out. After a few minutes on the Internet with my little Netbook was the answer to my question that it was the Cape Town in South Africa.

Seal Island
Although the flight time was about ten hours was at only half past eleven when we arrived. Our Boeing 777ER to Johannesburg was comfortable and the flight attendants in their typical Singaporean uniforms took good care of me. Where did I change the flight, despite the advertisements promised direct flights. At Cape Town International Airport I was met by a big smile and an embrace. Naimee was now greeted me like an old friend that she has not seen in a long time. 
"You look refreshed, rested, tanned. Perfect! Now you'll really get the benefit of subsistence allowance. "She exclaims with an even bigger smile. "I have booked tickets for a trip. First check in at the Victoria & Alfred hotel on the Victoria & Alfred Waterfront. From there we take the sightseeing boat Seal Island. "
"What do you mean the seal Island cruises, I have not heard of any Seal Island here. If it runs tourist boats there it should be well-known in tourist brochures as well? "
"You will soon find out."
Strange was that we were going to South Africa. 
"If I do not remember totally wrong, it was in your letter that the treasure in Nigeria were some boxes of a security company in Europe?"
"Red herring", was the brief comment from Naimee.
It was apparently a high level of secrecy. Naimee mentioned that there were a number of interested people who apparently also wanted to be in "hunt for treasure", which I now jokingly called our project. Given that she had sent a letter to Nigeria a few thousand recipients, it was not so strange, I thought. No, it was not so, Naimee explained, the letter was designed as a Nigeria letter but it was actually just a few recipients. If it got into the wrong hands, it would look totally harmless. Only people who were aware of those in power in Sierra Leone would know that there was indeed a realistic background. But why had I received the letter?
On the TV in the hotel room, it was the economic crisis, which was the biggest news. Currency fluctuations, oil prices and corporate crises. All the time, it was the market that caused it. Who are the market, one could ask.
We hiked down to the docks and put us in the queue to join the tourists to Robben Island. It was the Dutch who gave the name of the island, robben is thus seal in Dutch. Why had I not thought of such a simple solution. Although I could not Dutch as would a visit to Wikipedia, the encyclopedia on the Internet, provided me with the answer.
The Seal Island was still. On the dock when we arrived was some seals and saw sociable. They were apparently not extinct yet. Robben Island was so gray and dreary out in the cloudy weather. Otherwise the wait of a a prison island, now most famous for Nelson Mandela sat there for several years. But before it had the Dutch, British and Boer utilized the island discovered already 1496 of Vasco da Gama.
Now, we were not there to listen to today's wizards, after the bus sat by us at prison batter us from the group. Randolph was not found in the Harbour, he was apparently on the other side of the island. If we took us to the highest Hill on the flat island, Minto Hill, we could see the boat. Naimee took me in hand and found a couple of bikes on the back of the prison building. How lucky she is. Or is it skill? I am increasingly amazed when I work with that woman.
Anyway, with tourist map's help, it was not so difficult to find the highest Hill, when we from there took us down to the water was indeed a sailboat anchored there. It saw quite stable, but to sail across the Indian Ocean in such small boats appeared to be adventurous. As I pointed out for Sir Randolph when he picked us up with the ding. 
"For us Englishmen, who dominated the world's oceans for centuries, there is no problem. You Scots, descended from Vikings, wants to see land when you sail!". As usual, he is a little demeaning to all who are not actual Englishmen, and above all Scotsmen counts, of course, not there.
When we go on board I see another cyclist who seems somewhat curious about us. But when he sees that he's discovered he bikes on. Just a tourist maybe, I've become too suspicious. This secrecy has gone on my nerves.
"We sail", determines Naimee.
It is well just to keep up. Much like the secret police, this must not know anything except that you have to complete the mission. 
"OK, towards port Elizabeth!", agree with Randolph. Help here so we set sail. Someone who sailed before? Yes, I had been sailing optimist dinghy on Loch Ness, it could be of any help? Raffe noticed I joked with him so he just mumbled something about the naughty Scots and put us in the work to draw in some pull tabs so that the sails went up on the mast.
Naimee took down in the galley to fix some chow, as she put it; Sometimes transcended her oxford English in more tough language. She had spent time with soldiers, of course. On reflection, maybe Naimee and Raffe had had something up earlier in life. 
In any case, she complained that it was short of both food and beer, so it was decided that in the morning would go to Mosselbaai to refuel the food, fuel and LPG.
It turned out that it was a small colorful town on the Indian Ocean. The houses were painted in blue where they climbed on the mountainside. We added at the Marina where it was already around 50 pieces of more or less luxurious yachts. We set about provisioning and beating us down to eat lunch. Eating lunch in South Africa takes approximately two hours informed us Naimee, who had been in South Africa before. Randolph said that he did not have time, he packed up supplies in a taxi and drove off to the boat.
"Better kitchen on board", he announced.
Which I did not believe entirely on. Once the food came it was well cooked and tasty. The food was good, it power and way of life, I had learned. Anyway, we walked towards the Harbour, but became concerned when we saw the boat from a distance. He'd visit. Perhaps quite innocent, but we sent a text message to him with a message: we take the train!
"What do you mean? Why should we take the train?", I ask suspiciously.
"Randolph knows where we are heading.", was the response from Naimee, now with a concerned smile. "If it would be that it is any of our competitors, I don't think they want to Randolph anything bad. Therefore, it is best that we keep us at a distance. "
We walked to the train station where it fortunately there was a long yellow trains there was heading north. We hurried us aboard, the train started and we were gonna beat us down into the next compartment. It looked as if the train consisted of sleeping-cars, but after a while we found a bar where a beauty from Zululand cleaned. 
She informed us that we were on board the Shongololo Express, a train filled with tourists on the way from Cape Town to Johannesburg. Right now were tourists on an outing with minivans, they would come back on board in Knysna. The host couple on the train politely informed us that we were not desirable. We tried to convince them that we were tourists and very much wanted to pay for us if there was any free cab. In fact, there was such, they had gotten a late cancellation. A Zulu woman took us to the open compartment at the front of the train. She told me that Shongololo meant centipede. When the first trains arrived in South Africa found the locals that they looked like a centipede. Telling, indeed. 
We beat us down in our compartment, took it easy and wait for better times. We had no spare clothes, but there was a shared shower in hallway we used. Toothbrushes and pajamas, we got to do without. We tried calling Randolph a few times. Sometimes we had no reception, sometimes he did not. 
In Knysna returned passengers and it was time for dinner, we walked to the restaurant rather revamped cart. We were greeted by a dozen Zulu women singing on their home-country wild tongues of millipedes. 
"As host!", I thought.
"It's probably not for us," thought Naimee.
Indeed, at a table sat a couple that was the target for courtship. They were treated to champagne and cake and song and congratulations from the hosts. It was someone's birthday. After dinner, we got to taste the leftover cake pieces in the bar. There were Dutch, Australians, Britons, Americans and Swedes.
They told me that every day they made excursions to take part in South Africa's history. There were people carriers on board with guides who took them to the sights. At the end of the trip, they would get to the trip's high point, Kruger Park. If you were lucky, you would actually be able to see all of the big five on the same day. We would probably not go so far. Naimee had other plans for us, I had to get. To leave a tourist company in the midst of a guided tour was nothing new for us. We would probably be South Africa's most lost tourists.
After dinner we headed back to our cabin, we were now known as Mr. and Mrs. Jones. Actually, it was my real name, and it was true with my credit card which we paid for the trip with. Naimee was not shy. She undressed with the same naturalness as if we had been married for 10 years.
"But little Ham," she said, "no, you're well shy of you. If we now imagine being married so it is just like the situation."
Certainly I liked what I saw, the voluptuous bosom who tumbled out of the bra, the slightly reddish tassel from the long thighs and, not least, the broad smile that spread across her face. 
That said, just like the situation. So I tore off my clothes and took advantage of my marriage. It was a long pleasant night with many gymnastic exercises. The train continued into the night, so the loud sounds that came to our compartment, reached hardly to adjacent spaces. 
After an early breakfast we entered one of the mini-buses that would take us to the National Women's Memorial outside Bloemfontein, one of South Africa's capital cities. The Parliament were sometimes in Cape Town and sometimes in Pretoria, the Supreme Court in Bloemfontein. Where J. R. R. Tolkien was born on 3 January 1892, author of the Lord of the rings. 
National Women's Memorial was a sad story. The monument was a 35 meter high obelisk with an inscription that it was the memory of that 26370 women and children died in the concentration camps in South Africa. It was actually the British who invented concentration camps, something that is quite forgotten, except in South Africa. The Englishmen had actually won the war against the Boers but many Boer continued their guerrilla war. They left their farms and carried out various acts of sabotage against railways. Because the English didn't get hold of the culprits were retrieved Boers women and children and placed in concentration camps. There was a lack of food and medical care and that is why they died like flies. 
"Now we leave group", Naimee announced. We told our guide that we would do some errands on her own, so she could take the rest of the group back to the train without us. She looked a little focused on us, but with its typical South African accent, she accepted the Used to weird tourists, of course. 
When twilight came, and all tourists and other officials left the area, it was time for us to do utility. In front of the monument were about fifty memorial stones for each of the concentration camps. On each stone, it was a city name and how many women and children who died in the camp. Naimee had already ascertained that the third stone in the left hand was our goal.
Under the stone, we would find our treasure, assured Naimee. In a shed were garden tools, where we brought a shovel and a spit and took on the stone in question. I looked around to see if we were discovered. I believe I see shining eyes both here and there in the bushes. It rustling and croaked. Miscellaneous noise from dogs and hyenas, or was there not hyenas in these built-up areas? Maybe only a few impala antelopes, those who were called Africa's McDonald's because they were so to say on every street corner. To turn up the tombstones were more nervous than you'd think. Darkness in Africa is appalling.
It was a heavy lump, but after a while, we were able to turn it on. Under the stone there was treasure. Or rather, there was a plastic envelope, attached to the underside of the stone. Naimee padded envelope inside the shirt and we restored the stone out of place as best we could. 
We went out to the nearest road and calling for a taxi, which came after a few minutes. We would continue with our centipede train, any pursuers should have hard to find us. Now, if we were persecuted, maybe it was just my imagination. Someone followed the taxi toward the train, there was a car behind us all the time. 
We entered the train just before it would leave Bloemfontein in the evening. We went straight to the dining wagon and ate a nourishing dinner. Every night, it was apparently a theme, this evening was the South African food. After dinner, we returned to our compartment and I looked forward to a new exciting night. 
I opened the door and there sat a woman. The woman in question was quite bland, but rat-colored hair style. But radiated a certain personality.
"Excuse me, the wrong compartment, I think ..."
Before I came longer said the woman "good evening dear Hamilton! Nice that'll meet-again ".
My face must have been confused as a birdhouse. Or cuckoo clocks. In short, the woman in question was my acquaintance from Singapore, she called Anneli.


Fanny Mahmon
She, Anneli, had been a bit puzzling when I met her in Singapore. Always nice, but even though she told me a lot about herself, it was never anything that revealed about what she really did. Her story that she was in the real estate industry had never been quite convincing.
"And what have you inside the blouse, Ruth? OK, your name is not Ruth, Mrs. Kargbo. But in any case, it looks to be something dirty. Is it to have dug up a treasure or something? "says Anneli with a clever smile. 
"Who is that?" question Naimee affected. It seemed as if it would run the ball between the two women. I had so far experienced both as nice and pleasant and very entertaining. Especially Naimee, of course. Despite his height Naimee dominated image and appearance, it was nevertheless Anneli who exuded respect.
I got for me that was an adventuress Naimee but Anneli was the cold business woman. Not so stupid, it would show eventually.
I presented Anneli which estate agents from Singapore, although I really doubted that was the case.
We moved on to talking about the weather and the train therefore became the conversation more relaxed for a while. Women guarded at each other like dogs and cats. Although I couldn't decide who was the dog and who was the cat. It was probably Anneli was cat, after all.
Anneli didn't want to talk about how she found us, but it was quite clear that she had a case. She had come to propose a business deal. It was that we would work together within the same project, the project that we were doing, and that right now were inside Naimee’s blouse. 
Anneli stated that we could not do without her. With the contacts she had in the banking industry, she would be able to help us. If not, she could easily stop us. To begin with, she told me that she very well knew Mrs. Kargbo and what she was looking for. And she was also well-versed in what is known as the Nigerian letter I had received. 
"Impossible, it might just be Hamilton who got it!", stated Naimee to my surprise. I started getting sour. Manipulated not only by one but by two women. Now I began to wonder what I really could contribute and why she chose me. Actually, I was just an ordinary computer salesman from Scotland. With customers throughout the world, but still. I didn't want to pressure Mrs. Kargbo right now, but I put it in memory for later use.
I asked where Anneli had his bodyguards. She needed no, claimed she maybe was right, her pet's appearance should not attract either ugly blokes or robbers.
To begin with, we held silent with sir Raffe involvement in our project. But it turned out that Anneli had full control of the part as well. And she had an aide who was on Raffe’s boat currently sailed to Durban.
"I want to make some phone calls," I said. "I want to check who you are really and I also want to talk with Sir Randolph to see if he feels good."
"Please, my name is Anneli Koskenkorva and is employed at FMFP Finance professionals based in Dubai. And how are you going to check up on me? "
"Easily. I call Bernard. An old friend of mine who is a little good at computers. "
I called Bernard. An older gentleman with gray hair and a long beard. He has been involved in the computer world in a hundred years, it seems almost, anyway. Ever since the 1950 's, he has hacked into all the computers that he wanted to look into. He would return shortly. I already heard on the phone how he keyed on the keyboard. 
Now finally answered Randolph in the phone. Sure, he replied, he had it good. He sailed to Durban by his own free will. Yes, he had a passenger, a woman named Dolly. But that does not at all looked like a Dolly. In and of itself, blonde, but otherwise she looked nothing like that Parton. She had just decided to come along and Raffe, had not the heart to toss her in the Lake. Completely harmless and very nice, he claimed.
Meanwhile the train chugged further into the night. The passenger compartment was not made to accommodate guests, Anneli sat on a bed, the one that we had passed us last night. It would probably not be the same activity in the bed this night, it seemed like. We, and I, Naimee was sitting on the other unused bed. Before we went on, I wanted to have some facts about Anneli, therefore, the call went to idle. Still some tension between the women. I suggested that we could play strip poker, but the ladies looked at me like I was something the cat dragged in. No humor at all!
Before I received any indication from Bernard wouldn’t Naimee produce the envelope she had inside the shirt. It took time for Bernard this time, but finally I got an MMS, picture messaging. It was a blurred image of Anneli. Then the phone rang and asked if it was a picture of the woman I made a request. In that case, he said, was the identity shattered. As such, she was with the Finnish Passport with the name I had given him. In addition, she had multiple identities, the most probable real identity was a shadow figure in the financial world. 
There were no irregularities linked to the woman in question, but many question marks. If I could trust her? Probably was her business legal but perhaps not entirely ethical. She seemed to have made some deals that some rich people were not entirely satisfied with. If it was she who made them. With many aliases, it was difficult to get a hold on the person. Her real name should be Fanny Mahmon.
"Fanny Mahmon!", I said and looked straight into the eyes of Anneli. For the first time, she was completely nonplussed and silent. 


The next step
"I'd like to meet your hacker," she said after a moment. He had managed to unearth information that apparently should be completely inaccessible. I began to understand that I had a hold on Anneli/Fanny. Then maybe we could talk business.
"We are prepared to take up our dirty linen, sorry envelopes", was my question to Mrs Naimee Kargbo. I was, after all, for her, it was she who paid for travel expenses, so to speak.
With a shudder, she took out the plastic envelope, opened it and looked for what it contained. I thought Naimee was completely in agreement with what would be there, but it was apparently not the case.
She knew it would be half the solution. The other half had Randolph in <control. The envelope contained simply a half key code to a safety deposit box. 
"What bank?", I wondered, of course.
"Don't know," was the answer. Maybe Randolph knows.
"I know," said Anneli. She wanted to be called Anneli, regardless of what name she was christened.
She wanted to at this point not to talk about what she knew and how she knew it. Probably she, or companies involved in the so-called treasure would "dig" down in a safety deposit box. Pretty far from home but in a civilized State far from England and the United States. There it could be that the mining operations in Sierra Leone would not be able to come into conflict with some Governments in Western countries and that assets would be frozen. It happens every now and then when the United States would put pressure on a government somewhere considered inconvenient.
We mentioned in passing that we probably have been shaded in Cape Town and Robben Iceland. But Anneli denied that she was particularly guilty of this. It had called several stakeholders to Raffe, thus we were clear that there was more involved.
Meanwhile, a number of text messages exchanged with the outside world, Anneli. It seemed as if rather dealt with crude oil than with properties currently. 
"If you have a few dollars over right now, I recommend that you buy a little crude. For example, there is a crude oil tanker that left Basra in Iraq with destination St. Croix. Crude oil is going up, you can buy the load of today, in two days, and you can sell it for about ten dollars a barrel over the current price."
"Well, how can you guarantee it? Or is it just a guess? ", was my comment.
"I have some control over the spot market," said Anneli. 
It is common for traders to buy and sell crude oil cargoes from the Middle East which is heading to the United States and Europe. If prices are going up, you can earn big money on this. But when prices reach the top and come down, do not have any unsold loads on hand. Just enough fun to have a tanker wandering around the sea and not know where it was going. If you have transparency in Western crude inventories and mastered a number of crude loads that are on the way, it is possible to manipulate the market. Anneli explained. To some extent, I was aware of how it happened and that it was The Market that ruled. Anneli explained that it was she who ruled The Market. 
Interesting reasoning, though I bought no spot load with crude oil. Partly because I couldn't cough up the $15 million so there on the pot.
We would meet Randolph in Durban the day after tomorrow. In the morning, or rather in the day, it was soon breakfast; we could just as easily go on a trip. How was it with Anneli, she had her own cabin or would she share with us. She had bribed one of Zulu girls so she could sleep in one of the on-board staff cabins. 
On the other hand, she could stay the night in one of our beds, we could share a bed as usual, she said. It was so clear that Naimee and I had been Bedfellows the previous night? Or we were on candid camera? Anyway, we stripped off all three of us, Anneli in a bed, we in the other. I couldn't help but check out Anneli when she half naked crawled into bed. Unlike the voluptuous Naimee innocently Anneli had some sort of mature teenage appearance. She was a modern woman who did not use a bra, she had clearly not in need of some such. There were a few quiet hours, the only thing we dried was to sleep. 
The next day was the trip to Soetdoring where we close up view, among other things, a scarred male lion with yellow and black mane. Now it begins to resemble an Africa that we read about in the Adventure books. We are coming to Durban where we will meet Sir Randolph. We try to call him, email him, but did not get any response.
Anneli tries to reach its contact at Raffe's boat, but neither did she succeed. Well in Durban, we take contact with the Harbor Master, no Randolph has been seen. If he has his phone switched on we should be able to track where he is, we think. 
"I fix it", states Anneli.
"Oh," I say, "you have such contacts".
"You would only know"
In a few moments she gets up coordinates 30 ° 35 ' 05.37 "S and 31 ° 17 ' 58.14" E.
Using the excellent Google Earth I see quickly that the boat is available somewhere on the sea outside Durban. We are discussing whether we should alert the SAR when it pops up a message on my mobile. See you at Rolla Square, it is short and sweet. I reply and request more information, but no response. We are worried about Dolly, Anneli's aides may remain on board. The pirates are the most outside Somalia, but you never know for sure. 
Anneli informs us that it is perfect, we fly there. There is, therefore, the Emirate of Sharjah in the U.A.E., where can we find Rolla Square. First, we tried to book flights with Emirates, the U.A.E own airlines. It went better with South African Airways as after-bound passengers transferring in Jo'burg could take us to the Dubai International Airport, just a stone's throw from Sharjah. 
"We will stay at Sadaf", says Anneli. We did not book, Anneli had her contacts there.
We are going to Dubai on the evening of the night; take a taxi to Sadaf Furnished Suites. At the reception there is Cora Delena with roots in the Philippines that give us a furnished apartment on the eighth floor. Nice apartment with a balcony overlooking the Port of Khaled, a bedroom, living room and kitchen. The kitchen has no dishwasher, but a washing machine. I will soon notice that residents here are incredibly clean, seems to always have freshly laundered clothing. Opposite lives apparently Anneli, who said she has previously said that she worked for FMFP Finance professionals in the U.A.E. 
In the cell phone, I have received a message – "Rolla midnight". The watch is almost midnight, so we take a quick walk over the back yard past the exquisitely ornamented mosque to the square where maybe we should meet Sir Randolph. Seems to be a good place to meet in the middle of the night. Here is the square marketplace with hundreds of stalls selling all possible and impossible things. This is the Indian merchants who dominates the picture. Eighty percent of the residents are migrant workers in the Emirates, most from India and Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Unlike big cities in many parts of the world, one can safely walk anywhere even at night, the risk of being knocked down or robbed is minimal. 
The square is full of people of many nationalities. In the middle of the square is a work of art, a hole that looks like Oak inside a towering cement stuff. There is also a giant tree that almost resembles the artwork. In the square there is a sandal dealer that looks familiar. He waves us behind the sheet and asks us to try the shoes inside a shielding.
Randolph is the same, more or less in all cases. It appears that he spent many days on the open water, his face is red burned and fully bearded. His British ginger color is found in the upholstery. If he tried to resemble an Indian sandal dealer he has not succeeded particularly well. 
He turns to us with his eyes on the issue: Anneli and legitimate question
"And what have you dragged with you now?" As if he wondered what it rat the cat dragged in?
As we explain, he becomes more and more taken aback. The story was not very easy to explain. Randolph was not very convinced. I expressed my surprise over secrecy, why should we meet at a sandal dealer on Rolla Square when we could sit in any restaurant?
"I'll tell you," he said.
 

Charlotte Victoria
Sir Randolph talks about his experiences since we met last. It was in Mossel Bay, the pleasant little town on South Africa's East Coast.
Raffe’s boat is called Charlotte Victoria and is a Hallberg-Rassy Monsoon, HR31, equipped with sails and a 25-horsepower Volvo Penta engine. The boat is approximately 10 meters long, the mast is 15 meters high. 
The Interior wood work is carried out in carefully selected khaya-mahogany; the layout is well outlined and offers very generous volume for its size. A big chart table with a seat in the boat's direction, a spacious kitchenette, a standard 2 meter salon, a large washroom with shower, two double cabins and an airy entrance area makes the HR 31 the most spacious in its class.
She was designed by the world ace Germán Frers and have great fine sailing qualities. The boat is well balanced, moving quietly into the Sea, and takes a height like no other comparable boat. She is easy to sail yourself if needed. All lines, including reefing, are controlled from the comfortable and well protected cockpit. Raffe’s description of boat sounds as if he has taken it directly from the sales brochure. 
When he came on board in Mossel Bay with grocery bags and other things needed for the continuing journey, he was met by a well-dressed woman. She was already on board, how she got there, she wanted not to talk about. 
"Hello Sir Randolph," she says and hands out a small well managed hand, "my name is Dolly."
It was nice, he had not seen so many woman in recent times. Raffe knew yet not if she was friend or foe. 
"Have you any errand, I suppose?"
"Well, my only issue is making you company until I get a message from my client."
"And who could it be?"
"Nobody who you know, but she is a partner with Mrs. Kargbo. Her do you know well what I know. In addition," she continues," you see that cool boat over there? "
"You mean the one where Sea Ray- motorboat?"
"Just right!"
Fast boat with a motor on the so-so 375 horses. On board, there were also a few gentlemen who seemed clearly interested in Charlotte Victoria. And there was none that Randolph felt, what he could see. Raffe had long suspected that someone was keeping an eye on him. On a request to Dolly, she stated that it was not at all friends to her.
They agreed to lift anchor without Hamilton and his entourage. As the expedition continued success was due to the fact that Randolph and Naimee would meet up so it could be a good solution. If it was dodgy individuals so maybe they did not have the resources to follow two tracks simultaneously. They may not even know that there were more people involved.
Randolph argued much with Dolly before he had to give up. The only option was to forcibly throw her into the water, and it was perhaps neither quite easily. Dolly was blonde but without curves, well-dressed and charming. Shame on your clothes, if nothing else. If it was somehow so that Dolly was friends with friends so she got well. 
They also discussed about the possibly they had any weapons that could deter potential persecutors. Dolly demonstrated her nail file and Raffe sole contribution was a flare gun. It was therefore to be trusted to totally peaceful means, cunning and intelligence.
They decided to sail to Durban. While sailing they could check whether they were hounded by the Sea Ray. Charlotte Victoria was a chance if there was a race run on the Lake, with Sea Ray 375 horses could dance around Charlotte like a Christmas tree.
"Things you not do in England, well?" asks Dolly.
"No, just right. It is a Scandinavian tradition. I made a study visit to Dalarna in Sweden once. There was dancing around the Christmas tree for several weeks after Christmas. They threw out the spruce, the next day it was another place that would throw out the Christmas tree and so on. "
They seemed to be persecuted. The radar showed another boat some nautical miles away, and that followed the same course and speed. They changed course and speed from time to time to make sure they had the joint makes the suspicions.
Randolph let Dolly handle rudder a few hours so he could take a nap. 
"Is this the Cradle Cap well insured?" asks Dolly when Randolph had awakened. "If not, I know someone who can replace you if it would disappear."
"Oh well! And? "was his intelligent question.
"Easy as pie. Tonight we come to Durban. Or rather we sail past Durban. That is to say that Charlotte Victoria sails past. "
"Aha, and we swim ashore!"
"Just that. Or rather, you can take your inflatable rescue raft and paddle ashore. It certainly is not on their radar then. Smart huh? "exclaims Dolly. Randolph protested lamely, but switched to teach Dolly in the operation of the boat. 
Randolph put on autopilot and let Charlotte go in enough pace on a course that would go right between Mozambique and Madagascar. Dolly would intervene if there was risk of collisions, groundings or similar. Moreover, she could follow the coast to Richards Bay. Further north after the beach to the Indian Ocean, it was plenty of sandy beaches but short on ports.
So it became.


Al Burj Road
In Sharjah, which in many places in this continent, it is so shown arranged to almost all banks are located on the same street. On other streets, there may be car rental company, computer resellers, etc. We would visit a bank at Al Burj Road, the bank Street in Sharjah.
It sounded good, once we opened the bank slot I could maybe go home again. Then I should had fulfilled my mission. I still wondered what benefit I really had done and why I became involved. I felt utilized but could not pinpoint how and why.
We hiked to the BOBB bank, a local bank which in any case I never heard of. Bank Palace was built in marble and had an entrance with chandeliers, fountain and other facilities which indicated that one could rely on this bank.
Anneli, who knew how to deal with the bankers, said he wants to meet with the Manager himself because this bank tray that we would pull was very special. None of the rank and file at the Bank was authorized to admit any of this special vault, apparently intended for Very Important People, VIP.
The Manager's Office was the size of a small football pitch. In a magnificent marble work desk, of course, put the bank manager. An Arab in a very white Arab robe, one of the genera Mahmoud, namely Ali Ben Salem Al Mahmoud, CEO, Chief Executive Offficer. It was the family that ruled and stood in the Emirate of Sharjah. 
After some pleasantries and general discussion about the world economy wanted to bank manager, of course, offer refreshments. Despite the fact that he was a Muslim, he asked politely if we wanted a little whiskey. Slightly surprised I thanked Nope, but Randolph wanted to have anything Scottish. It turned out that there was a well hidden cabinets behind a painting by Rembrandt which contained a selection of strong products. Natural hospitality apparently. We let us be content with a small cup of tea.
After that we, that is to say, Naimee and Randolph, been duly controlled could we should March down to the bank vault where it would turn out if their code and keys would work.
The tension rose. Since there were riches from Sierra Leone, one could suspect that there was a safety deposit box filled with diamonds. The major cause of all wars and unrest in Sierra Leone in recent decades was the nation's natural resources by Diamond, er, Titanium Ore, bauxite, iron ore, Gold and chrome. Our friend the Governor of Sierra Leone, which was the cause of all this trouble, should have stopped aside some of these riches, diamonds, for example. It was what I thought. I asked Naimee, the dead bank manager's wife, but she seemed to not have any grasp of what would be in the bank slot. The whole thing was a mystery, she claimed, the information she had from the beginning was contradictory. There should be three drawers in which family treasure would be.
Together with our bank manager Ali Ben Salem Al Mahmoud, we took the elevator to the deep cellar vaults. To the very secret of the vaults could be only a couple of the Bank's top management to enter using the fingerprint sensor, eye iris reader and personal code. Once inside the vault could Naimee and Randolph use their keys and codes for opening the safe. A tiny safe-deposit box, where it could not be accommodated particularly large boxes with diamonds or gold.
It made me question Randolph was he had gotten hold of their copy of the keys and code.
As I suspected, it was Robben Island that he had downloaded them before we got cycling to his boat, he had made a small excursion to Minto Hill where there were remnants of an old lighthouse. Third stone from the left in the part of the Foundation towards the Cape of Good Hope, there was Raffe’s half of bank tray code. It was before we started to suspect that we were persecuted.
It led to thoughts on if somehow we were guarded when we walked into the Bank. It could be that the pursuers, if they existed, and what it was now, in or outside the Bank and just waiting for us to come out with gold and precious stones.
Anneli was apparently on the same lines of thought, she asked our CEO if there was any back door that we could use when we left the building. 
The tension was becoming unbearable, we all four looked impatient. Ralf stroking his shaded beard, Naimee corrected to the hair even though it was already perfect, Anneli looked completely calm until I drew attention to her staring eyes. Only I was absolutely calm, apart from that, I looked at the clock every 5 seconds. We were in a hurry, or we had all the time in the world, I asked myself.
After some fiddling about with keys and codes could Naimee produce the little box out of bank safe. The Bank Manager had left us in peace and quiet and would not be able to pick out our secrets. Naimee put the too light box on a table and opened it. The dream of boxes full of diamonds I had left for a long time ago.
There was only one envelope, addressed to Mrs. Kargbo, sealed with old-fashioned red lacquer with a seal that was only with the central bank of Sierra Leone. The air went out of the us, here was apparently just another clue to the real treasure. If there were any real treasure of course.
Since no one else dared to open the envelope, I did. There was just a piece of paper with three names. 
"None that I know," I noted with disappointment. "Would it be bad are the three dead accomplices to the tragically murdered Mr Kargbo."
"No, those I know. Let's pull back and think about the future! "
It's Anneli, finance broker in the Assembly, who apparently knows more than the rest of us, we have an expression of violin drawers in our faces. Naimee hides the paper in her bra, after which we will look up the bank manager who is waiting for us in a comfortable chair outside the inner bank vault.
Bank Manager escorts us into hiding away, unlocks a few armored doors and placing us in a basement. It turns out that we are going up in a small restaurant. This is possibly a poorer part of the family, Mahmoud, who runs it. We stop and I order a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. The man behind the counter gets a couple of kilos of oranges out of the fridge and presses forward with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. Good and refreshing.
Anneli tells about the people behind the names on the note in the bank vault. They are in a sense colleagues to her, they are financial advisers in three different financial organizations. The question is why they are on the secret list. And why it would be so hard to find the list. 
Naimee had been very quiet so far. Now, she came anyway to the heart of the matter. It was these three people who would administer the riches. Perhaps they had gotten a box of diamonds that they would somehow manage to family Kargbo. 
"We'll ask them how they carried out their mission." I think. "If they managed their tasks well so there well many beautiful money to download." I start thinking about my Commission but is pulled back to reality by Anneli:
"I know these people, but if they put their hands on something big, it's probably not so easy to withdraw money from accounts that they occupy."
Randolph and Naimee, those who in one way or another had insider information in the case, had not said so much so far. I wanted to know more about how it really happened when wealth leaving Sierra Leone. Yes, it was probably three boxes of diamonds from the beginning. As you know, there were a lot of valuable natural resources in the country, such as diamonds. Somehow, the former Minister of Finance, had smuggled out gems to finance sharks everywhere in the world. According to Naimee was it she who had education and actually managed the State's finances. But one reason that finances were so bad that her husband, the Minister of Finance on the completely other roads had managed to get considerable amounts of precious stones from the country to some recipients in more "civilized" countries.
Randolph, who at the time were in Sierra Leone as military Advisor, had a recollection of that some soldiers from the Finance Minister's home village had long vacations, issued at the highest level. They had for some reason been abroad, with what he knew now, they could have been the couriers for transporting various valuable things. He also remembers that some of them had been in Dubai. A young man who later disappeared. Which was not so unusual, the young soldiers often returned to his native village when they were disappointed at the army. 
"From the bank slot was a name related to UAE, United Arab Emirates”, interjects Anneli, "Paul ' the monkey ' Anolodimitrakis, probably Greek but based in Dubai."
"So good, how do we get a hold of him," I ask the pious.
"He has no Office in town that I know of. But if you activate your friend the hacker, maybe he can figure out how we might find him ".
"With such a name, he should be easy to find, if you can spell correctly!"
"Have you tried Googling him, asks Naimee innocence.
Google search on Anolodimitrakis gave a lot of hits, but hits just met relatives in southern Europe. A search in Arabic characters could be interesting, but none of us had mastered the language. But it actually makes my friend Bernard, asocial computer hacker. So I enabled him, according to Anneli's parlance. 

Monkey's year
Bernard had enormous problems to identify Paul. The difficulty with this type of financial sharks was that maybe they were completely legal and only take advantage of the opportunities that exist. Getting rich is not a crime. To speculate in stocks and metals can be perfectly OK. But others speculate without permission with assets, and then it's not as much fun anymore. Especially, it is not particularly fun for the person whose assets are lost out in the market.
Paul did not seem to be an important player on the market. Now and then, someone is manipulating stock prices, commodity prices and any country's currency. A few years ago, it was the famous financier Soros, born in Hungary, which was said to speculate in Swedish kronor. The Swedish Central Bank raised its interest rate to 500 percent to defend the Crown against currency speculation. The year was 1992, during 94 days lasted the crisis in Sweden before the Swedish Government and the Central Bank gave up and released the Crown free. 
In the past, the so-called gold standard, that is to say that as collateral for notes and coins were equivalent to the value of gold in the vaults. The gold standard in the Scandinavian Monetary Union (Sweden, Norway and Denmark) was introduced in 1873. The value of 1 kg of gold was set to 2480 SEK. If you then had 2480 SEK in banknotes and coins you could basically go to the Bank and get a kilo of gold.
When you let go the direct link between banknotes and gold, one can say that the value of one SEK it became a matter for negotiation. Instead, for a set amount of dollars get a certain number of dollars. How many dollars you get depends on supply and demand. In the same way as you buy and sell shares or real estate is one of the currencies. Anyone who has enough dollars or yen can buy dollars that are available in the market and then sell when the price has risen. 
Iceland went on an even worse blow 2008. The Icelandic banks, spurred on by the State and international bankers lent money wildly. In the background there was loan bubble in the United States. When the bubble burst, then burst also Iceland's economy. No one wanted to own Icelandic crowns and they became more or less worthless. You can compare with a Iceland krona is a share in the Icelandic State. Then the sale of Crowns, some may buy cheap if they believe that the exchange rate will go up. If a State could go bankrupt Iceland would then be in the hands of the bailiff, so to speak. 
Where does Paul enters the picture? He was not a major player, we said just now. No, but there are spiders in the net. In this case it is the "Monkey" Paul Anolodimitrakis who wields like a Cheeta (it was Tarzan's Monkey, you who have not seen the film) between the trees in the financial jungle. The original Cheeta from Tarzan movies, became 80 years old. The world's oldest known chimpanzee. 
He, therefore, is the archetype of Paul, a lobbyist, one who affecting leading politicians. Here it is, instead, the financial world's leaders who will be affected in a way that they take financial decisions in a certain direction. He appears in all official and unofficial meetings of the industry. He is on opera and film premieres. He hits the economy and gossip journalists around the world. He is also available as an advisor to world oil sheiks. Paul has therefore converted to Islam. Therefore, he also has four wives, at least. He also has one mistress in every port, at least.
He does not appear on the Internet, computers don't seem to his home course. Instead, it is mouth to mouth method that he uses. He owns a valuable antiquarian, old books can provide contacts with the world's rich people. We are here in Sharjah, in the old Souk Al Arsa. 
Inside the Souk (market), it was quite cool. The Arabs were the art to build cool houses long before air conditioning was invented. Around a small square, where you could buy a cup of iced tea, for example, were a number of shops. Some sold rugs, others sold more tourist addicted gadgets. From the square were some side alleys where it was sold all sorts of things, more focused on the local population. But there was also Paul Anolodimitrakis antiquarian.
Because Paul had an eye on the financial industry and could know about Anneli it had to be Naimee and I would take a light coverage on the second-hand bookshop. It was easy for us to be tourists who were interested in rugs and stuff. We were also able to calmly drinking a few glasses of iced tea and look curiously at the folk life. The matt merchant was on the alert and gave out both expensive and cheap rugs. Naimee, who was accustomed to haggle with intrusive trade men, had an ongoing negotiation with the matt merchant if a Persian silk rug that was very nice and quite expensive. She continued for several days, it did that without that someone could be suspicious could spend several hours in Al Arsa souq. While we were trying to find out if the second-hand bookshop was the headquarters of Paul's business. It took three days before he finally showed up. Short, dark beard and hairy hands could explain that he was called the monkey. With your mobile phone, we took pictures of everyone who visited the store, it was actually not that many. Some pictures I sent to Anneli, it could be that she recognized someone in the industry.
I myself had visited the store when not the monkey was there, there were some seemingly valuable volumes even in European languages. Assistant in the store, a young Indian, could do its thing. The shop was small, but it could fit a lot behind. The shop was narrow, but deep.
Anneli, who had been wandering around outside Al Arsa, had seen some colleagues close to the Souk and asked if we had seen them; If the monkey was he we thought, should the financial guys have visited with him. But we had not seen anything. 
"There is a rear entrance," suggests Naimee. "Too bad we don't have any local capacity can reconnoiter in the posterior regions. It is a maze of small streets with many locked doors."
"We can ask your friend the matt merchant", I suggest.
Naimee, she with that big smile, began to once again discuss silk carpets with the matt merchant. After a while, she came together with the matt merchant, waving at me and we gave ourselves into the posterior regions. He locked up a few doors, and we came into his matt lager where there were many fine Persian, Kashmiri and other beautiful rugs.
The door next to the matt store went to the monkey's second-hand bookshops, it turned out; We also had the good fortune to one of the boys as Anneli talked about just came, pressed a hidden button to Bell and was let in.
"When shall we go in there and watch his secrets," I say on my broadest Scottish. The matt merchant should not understand what I said, but after a short time brightened Naimee. Despite her oxford education she could translate to oneself into understandable English.
"Should be fun!”, she says simply.
To make the matt merchant happy to finally Naimee bought a Srinagarr-carpet of pure silk, approximately 500 000 knots per square meter, cost ten thousand Euros, but it was worth it, she thought.
I called Randolph, he with the ginger colored mustache, and decided that we would have dinner at The Emirates, the restaurant across the street from our hotel. I called my friend hacker, Bernhard, to make clear that he could not find any more online about “the monkey”.
"He is absolutely sick," says Bernard, "he's 90s or so, clean the Stone Age. In the industry You must of course be connected, it doesn't work otherwise! Are you sure that you have found the right man. "
"Of course," I reply but I'm starting to actually have doubts. How can Anneli be so sure? Oh well, it dissolves for sure when we'll take a look in his Office, I hope.
The Emirates are decorated to suit the Arabs, they possibly veiled women can sit in a booth with his family and drawing a curtain in front of the booth. This is to prevent the transparency. It suits us well. We check in the booths next to that they are empty. Then we can discuss business between bites. The food was delicious if you order sheep or chicken, especially their herb marinated chicken skewers may be recommended. 
I had previously enabled Bernard, my own mechanic. He had very little to say about Paul, far too little fact. The guy must have a computer. He could not operate on the Internet without a computer. But, that said, according to Bernard was he not in cyberspace at all.
After a good chicken dinner washed down with zero percent beer we had in all cases a strategy for the night's games. Randolph was able to enter through the locked doors, he asserted, therefore, he was called up. I, as a computer specialist in the group, would also get into the Office. The rest of the Congregation, the female side, Anneli and Naimee would be near as lookouts.
We decided to hold off to the evening prayer before we would go into action. We must also be clear before Morning Prayer at five o'clock in the morning. Sharjah is very Muslim, why should it be that calmest between prayer times. If there were any in the Souk (market), it was best to be out of the way when he was awakened by the prayer caller's speakers.
Randolph had a small portfolio of tools, I took with me my tiny computer and common sense. Maybe.
I thought Raffe’s talk about burglar skills most was boasting, but when I saw him quickly pick the lock, I was impressed.
"Your father was possibly in burglar industry?", I ask innocently but silent.
"It's a long story," he replies, "we can take at a later time. You get to learn a lot in the military."
Quietly we take in through the back door in the Anolodimitrakis store. Extremely well-organized, you have to say. A small office apart seems to be the boss's hideout. Drawers are locked, but that is no problem for Randolph. Safe, a large heavy history in one corner is not something that we can not force right now. Much paper is there, everything about the shop and antiques, what we can see. I am crawling under the table to find connections to the outside world. And, actually, there is a broadband socket for a PC! Could it be that he actually has a connection through the wire for broadband, lucky that he didn't just rely on wireless connection to the Internet.
I plug in my Tiny computer in the broadband outlet and sign in with Bernard. 
"Here I am, you can track me?"
"Aha", becomes the answer after a while. "It was interesting! This line is registered to a mister Abhaj. Sounds Indian. Has he perhaps an Indian aide? "
"You can keep watch on this line in the future?"
"A piece of cake!"
We actually find nothing similar to that he is a successful financial shark. The only thing of interest is his calendar, it is filled with times and locations. With the camera in the mobile phone photograph I a number of pages. Although, I don't see a lot of interest where we might be able to benefit from the notes in the future.
Nothing happens here, we observe that no one should see that we had been there and opens the door gently towards the alley. But the door is closed. From the outside. Fishy. What to do now? Oh, Randolph could pry the door from the inside. He does, of course, but when we cautiously looking out in the alley sit a few Arabs there and playing some kind of board game. 
"It looks like the old Persian game of nard, Randolph when we pulled us further into the store. It consists of a Board with four times four boxes, with two dice. "
I successful silent Randolph. In the military far away from civilization, you learn even simple games. Apparently.
The players in the alley seems not to be eager to give free rein to us. And why are they there and play nard in the middle of the night? Guards for Paul or are we pursuing of one as usual, or is it just a coincidence?
Inside the store, out of earshot from the alley, do I call with my cell to Naimee’s mobile and explains our dilemma. 
"Niema problema", says Naimee to me unknown language. "The coast is clear in five minutes!"
"How then, if we may ask?"
"Don't worry, I am woman!" she says a little contradictory. "Exactly five minutes can you take without problems out in the alley."
Oh yes, Naimee can fix a bit of each, we are to believe her.
I'd love to see how she carries; therefore I gently open the door and see Naimee walking with swinging tail, seemingly on an evening walk with no worries. She has flicked up a couple of buttons on the blouse to the well-stocked bosom threatens to overflow. Not every day the poor Arabs look such a hottie. Innocent, she asks if they can show the way out of the Souk.
The two Arabs slide up from their tailor-made stands in a way that all Europeans will be envious of. We as always sitting on chairs becomes helpless and numb after a while with his legs crossed on the ground. They are very polite, and both do their best to comply with and show the way out of the Souk. They are probably not very surprised to see a tourist who strayed alone in the middle of the night. Unlike most cities in the West, it is completely safe to venture out alone in the streets in such as Dubai or Bangkok. 
When Naimee with companion disappeared around the corner and we'll take us out of the store, after us and go away in the other direction.

Where's Anneli?
We walk back to our hotel without difficulty and gather together in my room to sum up the night's games. All except Anneli, she did not respond to any phone call. I sent a text message to her and then we broke off and went to bed. I threw the lustful look on Naimee, my idea was to crawl into bed with her. But she looked at me blankly, burned by its famous wide smile with a:
"Good night, Ham lille. Slept sweetly, wake up... "
I was probably a little jealous of Sir Randolph, they had after all been in Sierra Leone together and God knows what they had been up to. I therefore had to drag me back to my room where I fell asleep to the sound of a rattling air conditioner.
At the breakfast table we noted that Anneli was still not available. None of us knew her very well, I was the one who had pulled her into the business, claimed the other. In a way, it was on the way, while she somehow made herself indispensable with his contacts in the financial world. Anyway, we contacted reception but they would not let us in Anneli’s suite, Anneli was a well respected regular guest.
So, we had our secret weapon, burglary specialist Randolph. We kept an eye out so that we would not be surprised by any cleaners or another guest, Randolph actually had major problems with getting into it has charm. 
"This is the special lock, an ASSA seven holders, they are extremely difficult. This door has an extra lock, this will probably not even staff get in to clean up. "
Ten minutes later, in all cases, Randolph managed to let us in. There, we understood that it was not without reason that the door was difficult to force. A wall full of computers and monitors where we could read by the Dow, Nasdaq, DAX, Nikkei, short said there were direct services to many of the world's stock markets. Some news channels were ticking up news on some screens. 
"Oboy! Cool gadgets actually." Randolph was deep impressed.
We half in half had a suspicion that find Anneli having fainted or sleeping or something. But here it was entirely empty of people. But here was a black and white cat, a Finnish domestic cat perhaps. He, or it was a she, did not seem to suffer any distress, there was an automatic cat feeder and fresh water. The cat was somewhat hesitant and clearly showed that it did not want to be petted or coddled. He was in the office chair and we neither wanted nor dared to try to move on him.
Anneli could do business with the world, buying and selling stocks, commodities and currencies. The extent made us speechless, it looked like a trading office in a bank. 
I struck me down at a computer a bit from the cat and made contact with my super hacker Bernard.
Because he has always openly for a chat, I contacted him via the keyboard, and he soon was able to locate the computer where I sat and also some other computers that were there. 
"Oh, you apparently have taken you into Kosken Pankki OY, a virtually unknown actor on the market. They have recently moved its operations from Mariehamn to U.A.E."
According to Anneli's calendar, she will be on an evening event with Mustapha Binladin, a local big shot. 
I declare, I've had business in computers with them, to Binladin Contracting Group in Dubai is a reputable company that belongs to the Saudi Binladin Group with approximately 22000 employees and is involved in many major projects, mostly in the Middle East. Osama was a relative of the Binladins. After all, it is a little surprising when you come to Dubai and met by big Binladin-signs on the buildings.
"Well, we go there," Naimee thinks. "If you print the invitation card that came with your email so I can take me there."
"You're not particularly like Anneli", I disagree.
"It's probably so many people that it's not someone notice it."
The event is in the Burj Al Arab, the world's second-tallest hotel. It is also one of the world's most luxurious hotels, it is claimed to be the world's only seven star hotel. It is located on the artificial island and look like a sail. The smallest room, or rather the suite, is at 169 square meters, the largest at 780 square meters, large as a smaller plot. There is rooftop tennis court. 
"Why we were not booked there, asks Randolph. 
"Sure, if you pay so we move there."
Mustapha Binladin has an Office in Burj Al Arab on the 25th floor. The event began at the tennis court where there were treated to non-alcoholic drinks. There were guests from all corners of the globe and Naimee recognized many from gossip press celebrity pages. The question was whether anyone would recognize Naimee. That I would be able to be recognized in this context was not very likely. 
Both Naimee and I was decently dressed, her business suit was perfectly OK in this context even if the neckline was a bit too generous. As she drew attention to herself I mingled on my own. I tried to mingle so near Mustapha Binladin as possible to try and get any clue as to why Anneli should be here. Actually asked Mustapha Binladin at some point why miss Koskenkorva was not there. The white dressed aide called a few calls and conferred with the guards at the door but came back with negative information.
Because I felt something odd in the society I pulled me towards the inner parts of the floor, curious as you are. Here was a landscape Office and inside it a locked office for the boss himself. I sat down at one of the computers in the Office landscape, linked up to the Internet and there I contacted my favorite hacker Bernard. I gave him a short note where I was and asked him to keep tabs on the computers here.
Behind my back I heard a rustling sound why I quickly tied down Bernard and instead wrote in the Financial Times in the Google search bar. A cruel type in white robes stood diagonally in front of me and asked politely what I did here. 
"I just wanted to check the latest news," I reply a bit nervously.
"We are grateful if you refrain from touching on our computers," he clarifies. 
I trudge back to the party where I suddenly get to see "the monkey" Paul Anolodimitrakis in conversation with a couple of other individuals, a long lanky, fair-haired man with British stance, and in addition, a Voluptuous Blonde. At first glance, she looks as if she would only be with that figurehead, but after a while she tries to convince Paul of some business. I pull myself closer to the trio and notice that the blonde is American and that the lanky man has an accent reminiscent of South Africa. I spiked the ears when they mention Sierra Leone, diamonds and war.
Where are Naimee, she has not gone missing? After a while, I see her in animated conversation with a couple of Arabs. I wave a little discreet I have something on my heart, and she comes over to me with a quizzical expression.
"Over there is our friend Paul and has a lively discussion on Sierra Leone with a South African and an American. If you charms South African, I try to invite the American to a drink. "
"Dunce, the drinks are non-alcoholic and free. Find something better! "
"Yes, Yes, I'll at least try to get a little snack with the blonde."
She seems to be in a bad mood, I'll take God in mind and ask myself next to her and asks, innocently
"You see the scowl. What can get such a hottie in a bad mood on such a pleasant place?" My initial reply was not too sophisticated, but she did not seem to take offense to it.
"You see the monkey over there, he would gladly sell one of his wives to the highest bidder. No loyalty, no morals for five cents. Give me a glass of bourbon with Cola and ice is you love! "
"It is not alcohol-free here, at least I thought so."
"Are you green woodpecker here? Who are you by the way? Never mind, talk to the dude at the bar. He's always drinking that fit us civilized people! "
Sure enough, the dude at the bar with a couple of cocktails conjured up strong goods why I returned to the blonde who immediately became in a better mood. I tried to explore a little bit more about the conversation with Paul, but she had now am and talked no more with outsiders on this. 
Because she had mentioned Sierra Leone and diamonds in the conversation with the monkey I linked all my Scottish charm and managed to actually book a dinner with her the very next day. She would go home to New York the very next day. For safety's sake, I got her business card, which she, Bibi Hammermann, entitled Staff Advisor, whatever that might mean.
I booked on the boat restaurant on Dubai Creek, once onboard, she could not escape even if I managed to have awkward questions. The boat left the dock and cruised on the creek while we ate all kinds of Arabic cuisine. In the background was played Arabic music for dining guests, most tourists from Russia. The Emirate has been invaded by newly rich Russians who buy hotels and arrange charter flights from Russia to Dubai and neighboring emirate, such as Kempinski Hotel in the Emirate of Ajman.
Especially a few years ago, the newly rich find many nice gadgets not yet to Russia. To include 20 ironing boards or some television sets as hand baggage, it thought they were perfectly normal. To babble on the phone with someone at home after last call at the Terminal, it also seemed to be perfectly OK. The flight was not dumber than that it had to wait until the newly rich finally thought it was time to Board.
Bibi Hammermann was now dressed in t-shirt and jeans, but no bra. Something different from me, I had dressed me nicely to go out and eat. Bibi saw that I reacted and countered that she felt more natural like this. Expensive clothes are for capitalists, she claimed she didn't care that the Arabs did not think that the dress code was really appropriate.
"They should learn our democracy," she thought. "It has worked well in America so it works safely everywhere. As former Vice President Al Gore says."
She told me that Paul "Monkey" was a prick. Without going into details, she stated that Paul made the strange business. He managed to give greater return on investors ' money than others. And he traded options in diamonds. At the same time he speculated in currencies. My question as if it had something to do with Sierra Leone became the answer somewhat evasive that there was plenty of diamonds in West Africa.
About herself then? Yes she was not at all in the same industry as Paul, but she was invited as a "personal friend". But she also started to tell me about that she had some contacts with the top people in the financial world. I was just a simple computer consultant, but my friend was interested in West Africa for some reason. 
"That is why I asked if you had any contacts in West Africa, for example, in Sierra Leone. African countries with good economy can perhaps be good for future business, even for data consultants. "
Bibi became silent for a while, which was remarkable. It was the first time she fell silent then I got to know her. She talked a lot, but was relatively interesting, nevertheless.
"It was funny you asked, actually, I have some interesting contacts that would be valuable. Who is your friend? "she asks seemingly innocent. "I feel actually part professionals who may be interested. In the case of sufficiently large amount of course. "
"Sorry, dear Bibi, it is confidential until further notice. The reason why I was at the party last night and I am sitting here with you, is that my friend does not want to appear. Therefore, I am looking for a suitable advisor to the person in question. "
"I want to meet him!" 
"Who?"
"Your friend who wants advice!”
She knew, of course, that my friend was not a she and I wasn't going to take her out of the delusion.
"Do you want to use Paul as a reference?" I ask innocent. "Anyone who can certify that you are a capable of getting advisors."
As I suspected she wanted to not use Paul as a reference. In fact, she began to withdraw from a number of ugly words, some so bad that my knowledge of the American language is not really enough. We Scots are relatively innocent when it comes to foul language. At least in English, Scottish dialect is something else entirely. Totally impossible to translate to American English.
"He works as if he sold used cars," she says. "Imagine that you have an old car that you want to sell. He who buys is taking a loan from the local bank. As security is the car. The local bank sells its receivables to the Government-sponsored big Bank, Big Mad. the customer who bought the car has no money and cannot pay. After a few months the bailiff takes the car. The customer is happy, he has used the car for several months almost for free. The small Bank is also happy, they've sold their claim on to big bank. Where the little credit losses among the big losses. "
"Oh well," I say when, "it sounds as if you want to tell me?"
"Quite right. A logical thinking computer Huckster can perhaps draw some obvious conclusions in the larger context. " 
While Bibi resumed their stinking sulfur oaths I took a walk to look for a toilet. Now I had become suspicious of everything, because my eyes around the tables to see if I knew someone. 
Actually, I saw someone like Paul's employee in the second-hand bookshop. He sat there together with the lanky South African who I've seen at the party along with Paul and Bibi. At the table were a few Westerners that I couldn't place. 
When I returned to Bibi, she sat still and small swearing over Paul and his business practices. I asked if she knew the cranky gentleman who were wined and dined together with Paul's aide.
"A prick", exclaimed Bibi. "Gunner works in oil, maybe. But he's mingling in many industries and parties. "
"Just like you", I venture to say.
"Just right", was the answer. No excuses there.
"He is also interested in Sierra Leone?"
"Yes, but not by the starving population. Gunner Agbosch is maybe from South Africa but have interests all around the world. He's exploring for oil and minerals, where to find them, right now specializes in West Africa, where there is much that is not investigated yet. He also has a foot inside of de Beers, you know those that control diamond price in this world. "
Yes, I had heard of de Beers. 
The view from the dinner table aboard this dhow was magnificent. For less than 50 years ago, this was a small fishing village, populated by Pearl fishermen and some Bedouins. Now the towering skyscrapers around the creek, all different shapes and colors. Sometimes with Arab influence, sometimes only in accordance with the architect's imagination. Not at least see Dubai Creek Golf & Yacht Club most like a giant butterfly in distress. 
The Dhow is back, and before I can say a word I get a wet kiss on the mouth and:
"Goodbye little Ham, visit me in The Big Apple, maybe I'll buy some computers from you!" She throws herself into a taxi and disappeared.
 

Someone is attacking The Market
Bernard calls from his Data Center somewhere. It is very rare that he will contact over the phone, it's usually enough with an email or chat.
"What gives?" I ask, of course, 
"Your friend Paul is very active on the two markets, on the one hand, he buys a lot of Leone, it is the currency of Sierra Leone. On the other hand, he is very active on diamond exchange in Dubai. "
His reference to my friend Paul referred to as ' the monkey ' Paul Anolodimitrakis.
"What do you mean the diamond exchange in Dubai? I thought it was in Antwerp they had a diamond exchange."
"Quite right, but Dubai is competing with Belgian Antwerp about the role of the world's diamond center. Here are many of the most affluent customers. The region around the Persian Gulf is the third-largest consumer market of jewels in the world, after the United States and Japan. There is a free zone where companies can shop tax free with precious stones, gold and pearls. Dubai has also built up a diamond exchange, Dubai Diamond Exchange, one of three in the world with international standard the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS)"
The purpose of the KPCS is to prevent the trade in rough diamonds as a source of financing for the armed conflict and to protect the legal trade operators. Governments, industry representatives and NGOs have been running on the work that led to a UN resolution 2000. The name comes from the place where the producing State representatives held the first meeting. One of those who have been most numerous in Sierra Leone's diamonds is Charles Taylor, the rebel leader and former dictator in Liberia.
Diamonds have been a major cause of conflict and have also funded many armed conflicts, particularly in Africa. Examples of these are Angola, Congo, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Often diamonds are swapped against weapons from former Eastern bloc countries.
We also learned that there is now a trading floor on 1500 square meters, what you now should have a trading floor to in this era of wireless electronics. There are private rooms to see the diamonds and sophisticated instruments to inspect the diamonds. 
If you want to ship a consignment of diamonds to or from trading floor, there are all the services available. In addition there is a comprehensive digital system to keep track of all the trades. The diamond exchange in Dubai has also become a venue for the Israelis and the Arabs. The Jews have nothing against taking advantage of business opportunities in the Arabian Peninsula.
"How will we access the trades made on the diamond exchange?" is my next question.
"To begin with it is rather official stores, much like a stock exchange. Of course there are shills and odd companies not signs with their owners. But most can be traced in various companies register here and there. "
"I'm pretty good at diamonds," interjects Naimee, "Let's do a field trip in the Almas Tower, or The Diamond Tower translated from Arabic-English into plain language."
Said and done. We go to Sheikh Zayed Road towards Jumeria area, where the largest and fanciest seaside hotels are located. One can't help but to be impressed by all the skyscrapers of all kinds in this city. And all the time it is built more and more. Surprisingly the need to build such tall buildings when there is an infinite desert to spread out on. 
In the Almas Tower is also the sale of diamonds and pearls to ordinary people. Well, even wealthy people are counted as normal people. With the help of a caretaker, we did visit a showroom where you could inspect any of the diamonds that were for sale. On the cool Office were two well-dressed men and a set of instruments that customers could use to check the quality of precious stones.
Naimee left a business card that apparently impressed the well-dressed gentlemen. She apparently knew what she was doing. After asking about the origin of some samples, she used the Office's test equipment. 
"Here we have a fine specimen from The Diamond Cut with the unique grinding with 99 facets." 
"That's right, according to the Qur'an, Allah had 99 names." interjects Naimee.
After discussing the price for a while, she asked if there was a lot of rough diamonds for sale. After the exhibition at knowledge from our side was that natural. 
There were a few batches of rough diamonds, but then we have to go through some broker on the exchange floor in order to place a bid. We got the name of a broker that we took with us to check with Bernard and other sources.
We did not decid for the internationally renowned Crystal Corporation, but for the local merchant Ranthambore Gems, with branches to diamond grinders in India.
With the help of Mr. Ranthambore himself as the contact on the exchange floor would we try to derive the diamonds from Sierra Leone, namely the wholesale diamonds that could come from that we really were looking for, Naimee’s "treasure chests". 
We introduced us to Mr. Ranthambore as interested buyers of a consignment of diamonds from Sierra Leone. We also discussed whether the Kimberly certification without directly go into if we were interested in the non certified diamonds. 
"Give me two days," said Mr. Ranthambore, "so are you going to get information." 
Sure enough, two days later will return Mr. Ranthambore with the announcement that the activity of West African diamonds were a little higher than normal. We were invited to participate in the bidding and were asked about the amount we could go in with.
It was the moment we had concerns, we had of course not as much money to invest. Naimee’s capital were on the market in the form of diamonds outside her control and my resources were negligible. This should be a time when we would have the benefit of Ms. Koskenkorva, but she was missing. 
We asked who the seller was, we got the name of a couple of brokers, but Mr. Ranthambore was unable to provide us with information about it, or those who were the real sellers. Confidential, claimed he.
"Great," said Naimee and lighthouses of one of their broad smiles. "We will be back with bank guarantees for a couple of days. Thanks so far for the help. "

The Gunner
Returned to the hotel, we have a meeting about how we move forward. One of the brokerage firms called Mosselbaai Traiding. Judging by the name, it might be some connection to South Africa. Moreover, there was an American agent in the picture, B & H International Investment Advisor.
I emailed the information to our super hacker Bernard for further investigations. Pending on answers, we took a bite to eat at little domestic restaurant. Domestic and domestic, it was powered by a pair of Lebanese. It was a restaurant belonging to the hole-in-the-wall, that is to say that there were a few tables on the sidewalk, a few tables under the roof and inside there was the kitchen.
Mosselbaai Traiding turned out to be a company with roots in South Africa, not so strange that they were included in the trade in diamonds. The Board Chairman was called Gunner Agbosch, a name that we now know.
B & H International Investment Advisor turned out to have headquarters in Singapore, for neither the Board of directors or employees rang any bells of recognition. Somehow, we need to get deeper into that company. Nor had Bernard something to tell about any clients who could be linked to our project. I asked Bernard to keep track of large transactions in companies with links to the diamond exchange in Dubai. 
In the meantime, we must then put up some kind of strategy to move forward. We could conceivably place a bid on an item the diamonds on stock market and if so, how we could finance this.
"We have Bernard", I said. "One of the owners of Mosselbaai Traiding is actually a private bank in South Africa, North Cape Bank. I'll check if he can produce a bank guarantee from the Bank as our diamond broker can accept. "
"It sounds good," said Randolph, "but surely we cannot present a bank guarantee, shop for diamonds and then just slip away. We will be chased by a bunch of cops, of course. "
"In addition, we do not defraud the Bank, it is The Gunner will pay!", Naimee agree.
"On the one hand, The Gunner to pay, in addition, must not the tracks lead to us."
"We are doing something illegal now?"
"Since The Gunner is a big shot and probably a part-owner of the Bank is to implement something quickly so that he will not find out what is happening before it's too late."
"We are doing something illegal now?"
"Well ... illegal, we may be able to return the diamonds when and if we managed to establish whether or not they belong to Naimee."
I contacted Bernard to see if he actually would be able to produce a bank guarantee this way. He claimed that it was a piece of cake. 
We decided he would early next day control a bank guarantee from North Cape Bank that we could get at a bank here in Sharjah. With it in hand we would rush to our brokers and buying a post of diamonds from Mr. Gunners broker. It was not entirely good, we wanted to actually be anonymous.
That leaves the question of how we would be able to buy the diamonds anonymously. Once again got Bernard to act by using his hyper inventive computers. Or if it was Bernard who was resourceful. On the stock markets is the quick Jolt, a million is not so very big post, therefore not controlled double. Bernard designed a buy order through the North Cape Bank certified by an official who was on vacation. On the stock market, the purchase order is OK in computers and as long as no one asks the person who issued it. This means that we do not appear to be involved at all.
"Here we go!" determines Naimee, it's her diamonds and her risk in the first place.
The Gunner apparently kept on putting "their" diamonds for cash. According to our broker was released several items to the stock exchange, but not more than that prices remained at moderate levels.
The next problem was to physically really get the diamonds in our hand. Most of the transactions on the Exchange are a just paper transaction, that is to say that you own a post of diamonds which they sell on to any other customer. In this case, we wanted them delivered to a safe place where our expert could review them.
We got the diamonds delivered to a diamond cutter in Antwerp that Naimee knew from their time in Sierra Leone. We got later confirmed that the diamonds that we purchased and delivered to him actually came from Sierra Leone. 
The Gunner was to buy Sierra Leone-currency that he in turn invested in another country or company. According to Bernard who tried to follow it over the Internet. He kept on trying to undermine a currency in Northern Europe, a currency outside the euro. After the recent financial crisis, it was not so difficult to spread rumors and getting other investors in the same track. The Gunner could not on its own carry out such a large project. 
It could be a reason that he was in Dubai and socialized with the family bin Laden and other financial peaks here. We had perhaps been a conspiracy on the tracks. 
Now we must confront The Gunner with a diamond from Sierra Leone and Naimee would get back their property. Naimee had some documents that could substantiate this, and with a diamond in his hand, we would push The Gunner.
Gunner Agbosch was currently in South Africa, therefore time for an excursion there. Again. The diamond came from Antwerp and we flew to Cape Town for a meeting that I agreed with The Gunner. I managed to actually book an appointment with the pretext that I wanted to present a new revolutionary banking system that would fit perfectly for North Cape Bank. Why the Bank was called the North Cape with its seat at South Cape was a little strange. I booked the meeting was due to a number of times but Naimee tried but Agbosch always had something to blame for failing to meet Naimee face-to-face. Or maybe a tooth for a tooth. 
We found Agbosch's Office on the V & A Waterfront, Lower Mall with panoramic windows facing the ocean towards Robben Island. Naimee and I walked in to the Agbosch, sir Randolph stayed outside until further notice. The Gunner seemed without noticing and dictated anything for a Secretary while he talked on the phone and wrote for fully in a Notepad with illegible handwriting.
When he looked up, his eyes slipped past us without recognition. Not even when I introduced myself and Naimee Kargbo he seemed not particularly surprised. 
Actually, I have an interesting computer system that I can present. But first Ms. Kargbo a fascinating case, "I started.
Without raising an eyebrow or lifting the pencil from the paper he said "OK"
Naimee explained that she was there to pick out a casket with jewels which have been deposited with the Gunner Agbosch by her late husband, the former head of the central bank of Sierra Leone.
"I have never heard of," said Agbosch and continues to write with a seemingly illegible handwriting. On the desk was a computer, but it didn't seem to be used. 
Naimee continued the argument and presented copies of some documents, and added the last a bit rough diamond at the top of the small stack of pages.
Then he stopped and picked up the diamond, took out a magnifying glass out of the desk drawer to take a closer look at the diamond. Magnifying glass did not seem so remarkable, but already a magnification of ten times might be enough for an expert.
"May very well be a diamond from West Africa, where have you got it?"
Naimee began to explain and repeat a bit of what she said about herself before. She apparently believed that Agbosch had not listened, he had seemed a bit absent-minded and noted all the time.
"Yes, Yes, I heard it already the first time, I want to know what mine it comes from."
I began to think that Agbosch was one of the few who could converse about anything and write about something entirely different. I had met someone earlier at the Conference table. When I glanced at his notes, I saw that he had written a memo about the country's gasoline stations at the same time as he discussed a major investment.
"It is part of the party that my husband deposited with you," claimed Naimee.
"Deposited with me? I have no memory of. Have you any receipt maybe?" Asked Agbosch.
Naimee took out one of the documents that she had just put on the desktop.
"Here is the document from my husband that he should have deposited a box of diamonds.
"But no receipt from me or any bank?"
"It's like what is the point of the whole transaction, it was an entirely private history in which there would be no official document."
"So, if I have your business card should I look into it and come back. Thank you for visiting and have a nice day! "
We added cards with we lived in Cape Town and told us to come back tomorrow before we travelled on.
Returned to the hotel we see on TV that there is unrest in Sierra Leone and there are movements in the foreign exchange market. For example, the major movements in the United Arab Emirates Dirham, Sierra Leone's Leone and Swedish kronor for some reason.
When I am going to take out money in the ATM, I get told that there is no money in my account. Naimee also trying and accessed the same information despite the fact that she has her account in another bank in another country.
When we call Gunner Agbosch he says that there has been something wrong with the banking system in Cape Town but that he will try to fix it if he can get information on where some diamonds from the Dubai Stock Exchange gone. Then he can also consider investing in a new computer system!
Although he owns a bank he can hardly block the accounts without further notice. He may have hired a hacker just to show what he can do. 
Fortunately, we have Sir Randolph and his bank accounts work – so far anyway. Then it's time for us to make a countermove. First, we contact our in-house hacker Bernard to try to figure out how our bank accounts have been blocked. He notes that we have large debts registered with British bailiffs and collection and payment defaults, which means that it is somewhat complicated to fix the latch.
Can we do something clever response?
How do we get him to admit that he has Naimee’s diamonds and how do we get them back?
"I think I'll go to New York to sell aome computers", I suggest.
"I think we make a not announced visit to Agbosch Office". It is sir Raffe proposal.
"I think we eat a good dinner on The Anker" is Naimee’s proposal and it is she who decides.
The dinner was delicious, it began with Toast Cannibale, a delicacy for Belgians and other cannibals. The Anker is a Belgian restaurant in the V & A Waterfront. We sat on the terrace with a view both to the Agbosch Office and Table Mountain in the other direction. While we ate Kingclip Buerre Blanc and drank The Anker's own beer, we discussed the possibility of taking us into Agbosch's Office to do something mischief. Or gain access to their computers. The intention was not to steal more than information. With your coffee, we took a whole carton Belgian chocolates while we honed plans. I wonder why Naimee chose a Belgian restaurant, maybe to get a sense of the diamond grinders capital, Antwerp.
That we were considering visiting the Agbosch offices at night was the entrance to the Office did not go through the Bank but that it was a separate extended part. With sir Raffe eminent burglar knowledge and my knowledge of computers, maybe we could get something.
Randolph made a visit to an evening open hardware store before we walked to the Office. The door was locked with code lock but we snuck in when an overtime-working clerk went out. We left Naimee as backup and took us lightly in the Agbosch Office. Appropriately enough, he had a right analog calendar on his desktop, the quotations were next illegible but I photographed a number of pages with my cell phone. Randolph did the same thing with the Secretary's Almanac. I turned on the computer, it was fully open without password but did not seem to contain anything special. Agbosch was probably not especially loves computers, it seemed.
We logged on to the Internet using both Agbosch’s and Secretary's computers and contacted Bernard so that he would be able to put surveillance on them.
Naimee called and announced that a security company was at the opening. Probably a routine inspection, but it could of course be a silent alarm that we had on. We took us quickly out into the corridor, locked the door to the Office, looked out at the nearest broom closet and hid behind a cleaning machine at the back of the corner.
Guard companies personnel in South Africa are tough types and heavily armed. We wanted to avoid them, of course. We probably had triggered some alarm, the guards went directly to Agbosch Office, felt at the door, locked up and went in. We could hear from our position in the cleaning cupboard.
We could have snagged on a surveillance camera leaving fingerprints. I silently swore over that we have been clumsy. The guard guys had been eyeing the Office but went across the hallway and felt about some of the doors were open. As it was to the cleaning cupboard, they opened it and lit with a torch.
We kept the spirit and did not move there we sat curled up in the corner. If they saw us, we would be in trouble. We could hardly talk us out of this and to be locked up in a South African police station did not seem to be anything to maintain a following.
The guards spoke Afrikaans with each other which is I understood very little of, however, reacted Randolph, he could probably the language from the time as a mercenary in Africa.
The guards had been ordered to shoot first and ask questions later Randolph explained later. But they also believed that it was a false alarm because they could not see any trace of any burglary. It also did that the cleaning cupboard that they not inspected particularly carefully so we could breathe a sigh of relief when they closed the door and eventually retreats. 
Time to go away as quickly as possible, we noted. But that was easier said than done, the guard company's car was still standing outside the gate.
We called and explained the situation, Naimee, told her to get in a taxi and get us on the back. We found a back door, which perhaps also was alarmed, and rushed out into the street where a taxi with Naimee much really got moving.
"Time to escape out of the country," I suggested. "If we stay there may be trouble. Agbosch can have good relationships with police in Cape Town. "
"OK! Towards The Big Apple! "
"Pack immediately, we will take the first plane to Europe!"
It turned out to be Air Berlin directly to Munich, of all places. Whether someone was looking after us or not so we went to New York and was there fairly jaded 42 hours later.

New York New York
We did not succeed particularly well to get Gunner Agbosch to relinquish some diamonds. Number two on the list was the mysterious Bibi Hammermann. An employment officer in the United States? How could it be? The third on the list, Paul "the monkey" Anolodimitrakis wanted to we love to meet, but he was one of us, unknown location.
We got now live on our sir Rondolp’s credit card, ours were still blocked by The Gunner. We got Randolph to withdraw cash for us. Cash is unusual in New York, but necessity has no law, it's said. Randolph was not poor, he did well even as I write the expense report to Naimee, she would surely be unnecessarily rich when we got off her diamonds.
Of course, I took on the visiting Bibi in the Office. I had her address from the business card and the last thing she said when we parted in Dubai was that I was welcome to New York, she even was prepared to buy some computers by me.
Morning at Wall Street seemed to be busy. There was concern in some markets. Some world-leading telecom companies in Scandinavia began to drop on the stock market, the Swedish Krona also began to be frizzy. Unconfirmed rumors claimed that the Swedish official statistics were wrong. Again! U S Motorola also fell while the Chinese Huawei took market share from competitors. In the background there was also unrest in Sierra Leone and the price of gold and precious stone steps. The latter was well good, for our part, while turmoil in the stock markets did not affect us. Maybe.
We took in at a budget hotel in Central New York – Yes, there are such even in lower Manhattan if you do not want to have too much luxury. The next morning when it was time at locate Hammermann, it appeared that the Office certainly existed in the financial district yet very secluded. Semi basement in one of the most magnificent houses there. New York should be impressive with all skyscrapers. It was difficult to find the Sun between the houses, perhaps typical of big city New York. But compared to Dubai where this city not so overwhelming, in fact.
The Office was small, there were half a dozen co-workers sitting in furniture from IKEA. I thought about what impression it was intended to give to the job seekers, who they were.
"Hi Ham!" exclaims a free wearing Bibi. She rushed up and embraced me as if I had been her rediscovered boyfriend since childhood. But it was not, of course, we had talked at over a good Arab dinner on a dhow in Dubai, that’s all.
Having regained the lost air after her bear hug I regained composure and was able to ask:
"And how many computers you need ..."
"Silly you don't, you're not here to sell computers!"
"Uh, what can I want?"
"What was it like in the where shithole Agbosch? Were there any shops in precious stones? "
There had not been some business with the good Agbosch. And she knew that apparently. What came to me to ask how she could know so much about me and my business.
She explained that she was no ordinary employment agents. I had, of course, suspicious that she was not. What she did was to lease finance experts to various customers, both small and large companies and rich individuals. Therefore, she needed to keep track of the industry and its weak and strong suit.
"If you have shares in Anderson, sell them immediately!"
It tallied with the news we heard this morning about the problems with the price of electronics giant. One that had many Anderson shares was Randolph, that he had told as recently as yesterday.
"I don't care about the Anderson, I looking for diamonds!", I say quietly.
"And how would I be able to know something about diamonds from Sierra Leone?", she asks, and pre-eminently admitted that she knew a lot about Diamonds from Sierra Leone. Now I was no longer surprised that she knew a lot about me and probably even my co-workers.
"How do you have it with the Governor's wife? An attractive woman that leads many to give their services based on some tall story about treasures from Sierra Leone. She has jumped into bed with you yet? "
Cool type, Bibi Hammermann. Not without reason was called for The Hammer. And Agbosch was called The Gunner. While the Anolodimitrakis was called The Monkey. A creeping sense of being a pawn in a game overcame me. The worst part was that I didn't know the rules of the game. It was others who moved the tiles, and one of the tiles was me.
"How do you have it yourself? I presume that you jumped into bed with that Bank Director. That it was once there you built up some kind of confidence and that is why you are involved in the so called "tall story!"
Offense is the best defense I have learned in the Scottish national sport of rugby. 
In fact, she was silent for several seconds before she exclaimed:
"Gee, now we go and eat!"
We took the course at the nearest eatery. I blinked to Naimee when we passed. She was outside to keep tabs on me. She looked slightly jealously at me when I arm-in-arm with a hottie well shaped blonde walked past her.
"Hello there", said Bibi "do You flirt with all alien woman?"
It revealed actually one thing, Bibi did not know Naimee in appearance, always a score to me.
Bibi steered us to a booth at the restaurant was empty. Maybe it was her standard booth for interviews with financial experts. Now it was me she wanted to grill, first to ask what I had doing since our last meeting. I told so honestly I could that we had been in Cape Town, but tried not to tell what we talked about with Agbosch and others.
Bibi was a professional interviewer, I noticed. I was a capable negotiator, I imagined myself in all cases. I was hoping I was just as good against Bibi as I was when I was negotiating a major order of computers. It is important to point out what you want to highlight and to lie low with weaknesses. But without danger with falsehoods, but maybe not the whole truth.
I tried to go to attack with that I knew she was involved in "tall story". Without admitting that she was involved, she gave at least some factual information.
We ended up eventually in stalemate -situation. Stalemate is a position in chess where the player is on move cannot do any valid move but not stand in check. 
"I want to make an offer. As you know, I want to put in Agbosch bastard. If you can help me with this, I have information that you may find useful, economic benefits. Pretty big economic benefits, actually. "States Bibi.
"Where get ‘the Monkey’ Anolodimitrakis into the picture?" is my question.
"Think about it!"says Bibi, gives me a big wet kiss on my mouth and disappeared into the crowd on Wall Street.
Naimee will emerge from a nearby cubicle and staring wide-eyed at me. 
"What did you and that magpie agree on?"
It does not stop to be amazed at how women, including business women, showing there emotions vis-à-vis competitors of the same sex. 
"Nothing," I reply, "it was stalemate."
"Enough, I saw that she had nice knockers!" She ranges the eyes of me, she is near, only a few centimeters away. She looks to be able to spray sulphur and fire per immediately why I quickly clarify myself:
"Stalemate means a draw in chess, at least in Scotland."
She backed off a few centimeters from my face and seemed like she did not know if I drove with her or not. It was not a direct threat, but Scottish and her oxford English was fairly understandable. 
My Scottish was of the more easy-to-understand variety. Many years ago when I attended a Conference at the Dorchester Hotel in Chelsea in London, asked an Englishman a participant from Europe if he understood what Scotland's then-coach, Jock Stein, said. It was in the context of a match which was shown on TV that it was an interview with Jock Stein. The man from Europe pulled a little on it but probably thought he understood him pretty good. "I understand nothing of what that scots says," said the Englishman. 
"What do you think about a little visit to the Hammermann’s Office in the night?" It is, of course, our own intrusion expert, Randolph, who proposes this.
"I don't think so, what I could see, there were surveillance cameras and armed guards in the House." I had had my eye open when I visited the Office. I also saw a note on the Hammermann’s desk about something called B & H Investments. It rang a Bell in my head that I knew the company. An email to Bernard, our favorite hacker, of little assistance. This time, he dug deeper among the owners and it turned out that Miss Hammermann was the owner of another company which, in turn, was the principal owner of the B & H international Investments Inc., based in Singapore.
"Perfect!" exclaims Sir Randolph, "Singapore is almost my home port!"
"We are in the tourist industry, perhaps. We travel around the world and looking for ghosts. How is your travel budget, Naimee? "
We discussed what we could do in New York. Probably nothing because my Scottish charm did not seem to work on Bibi Hammermann. Could there be more clues in Sierra Leone? It seemed to be an escalation of the brawl that tended to be an escalation toward civil war. It was one of our famous people, for example, Agbosch that could affect this? Someone who financed a group of rebels who would show their gratitude by renting out mining operations to friendly companies rather than maintain revenues in the State? The rebels were not even insurgents, they were simply criminal gangs who took the diamonds totally for themselves. They had no desire to move to Freetown and take over the governance of the country. But to the media they spread the rumor, of course, that they were the poorest side. And because the State was through corrupt, it was not certain that a State ownership was the best for the population.
We had a practical example of this corruption, in the form of a bunch of diamonds that we were looking for and that the former Governor of Sierra Leone had taken care of. 
Our track in South Africa, The Gunner, was inaccessible to us right now what we could see. 
In the midst of our brain storming called mobile phone from my headquarters in Scotland. The accounting manager asked what I was doing because a couple of deals that we made in Africa and the Middle East had been stopped. Some of our larger customers had suddenly stated that there would be no deliveries until further notice. In addition, our main supplier of disk drives in Singapore delivery problems for some unspecified reason.
"OK, I go to Singapore to meet with the provider. Our Sales Director for Africa and the Middle East must take on our customers where ", I decided. I was a part-owner and Vice President of the company with responsibility for, among other things, Africa and Asia. At the same time, I asked our Finance Manager to open an account in the Bank of Scotland and fix credit cards that I would get out of the Office in Singapore.
Singapore Airlines is a very good airline, flight attendants are quite exceptional. We left JFK in New York 11.15 and after a stopover in Frankfurt we were in Singapore at 6.30 am the next day. We, that is to say, Naimee, costed at us first class was lucky.
First, we visited the Bank of Scotland in Singapore Land Tower at Raffles Place, I must of course obtain a Master Card in order to survive. Plastic cards are not very exciting when you have it in your wallet, but when cash machines swallow the card gets you less happy.
I took the opportunity to meet with the bank manager, a Scotsman from my hometown, actually. First, I wanted to get an idea of how easy it would be to block my old card. Somehow it had popped up a barrier that really could only be initiated by a credit manager at the Bank. I of course asked who it was and what I could do about it. By the block judging, it was someone in senior management who had placed the hold, but when he tried to lift it, it did not work.
First, no one in the Bank accepted responsibility for the blocking, and besides, it was apparently some system failures that meant I was apparently completely broke. Either conspired Agbosch, if it was he, with some big shots in the Bank, or was it a hacker on the go who had hacked into the Bank's system. Which would be totally impossible said my friend the bank Director in Singapore. I have to check with Bernard as soon as possible.
However, I had some success when I asked about B & H Investment. A small company that was created to West Africa and Scandinavia. A somewhat odd combination, but it was more or less serious investment consultants, not least in Singapore and Hong Kong. B & H-the Office was located in one of the skyscrapers in downtown Singapore. Perhaps I've said it before, Singapore is the most well-kept city that I met. I mean appearance, manicured grass platelets, beautiful buildings and neat people on the streets. Singapore was actually snazzier than Dubai. Even if the cities had some similarities to cool buildings, one more elegant than the other, this was slightly less extravagance and a bit more stylish than in Dubai.
The night was getting late and we took on dear old Raffles Hotel, after two Tiger beer we flopped out were alone in their room. It is tiring to fly to the other side of the Earth, the time seemed completely dislocated. 
Because I and Naimee could be somehow known by B & H-the people, it was time for Randolph to make little use of the allowance. He did so with a vengeance. It turned out that both Bibi and "the monkey" was in the Office when Randolph discussed the investment with a financial advisor at the Office. When he wanted to invest in Sierra Leone, he was looked after by Bibi himself, who along with Anolodimitrakis tried to persuade sir Randolph to invest in Bull & Bear certificates in diamonds. Sounds like the name of a Scottish pub in Aberdeen, but it was more money than a few pint lager.
Bull-certificate gives you twice the daily developments in the market to which the certificate is linked to. For example, the price of oil will rise by 2 percent a day, rising 4 per cent Bull-certificate that day. Conversely, falling oil prices by 2 per cent fall Bull-the certificate's value by 4 per cent on the same day, says Bibi. Bear works the same, but vice versa. Bull & Bear simply means that one speculates in an upswing or decline for commodities, currencies or stock development for example.
Fun form of investment if you have insider information in any way. Bibi and Monkey claimed that they did it, and that they almost could guarantee the rise or decline of a few well chosen certificate. They suggested the diamonds and a currency, namely Swedish kronor.
Randolph asked what was going on in Sweden, they claimed that it would happen with the currency and a major Swedish companies. Law invested gives it many times back, was the message.
"Should we sell Agbosch, i.e. Naimees, diamonds and invest in a bull or bear?" I ask innocently. Naimee gives me not the big smile I am used to, she looks awesome on me and snaps with a blazing gaze. 
Naimee has been sour for several days, she used to be so exuberant. She may have been hit by diamond ague now that she is so close and yet so far away from their loved ones Sierra diamonds. 
Now it was maybe not such a bad idea to test their proposals, to start with, on a small scale, of course. They had recommended to invest in Swedish krona would to fall, we opted instead to 10,000 US dollars on the SEC would rise. In a few days we were able to cash win or get back what was left of the Crown has gone the wrong way. As fun as playing on horses, at least. 
On my little tiny computer I linked up with the stock exchanges on the net to get a picture of what was happening in the financial world. It was clear that there was unrest in several markets, especially in Scandinavia. The Scandinavian stock exchanges were nervous, especially where the development of the Swedish telecom company Anderson hard to read. 
The telecommunications industry in General went fairly well, but Anderson's Managing Director had made a couple of mysterious statements. He suspected some kind of hostile takeover. A little strange, Anderson's share were on multiple exchanges and well dispersed, it would be difficult to operate.
Anderson's financial director with the name, however, had Finnish sounded Suomalainen made a statement in the tabloids where he stated that everything was hunky-dory, new orders were coming in.
Why I was interested in was Anderson, well I had gotten a tip by someone not long ago to watch out the Swedish kronor and especially with the company Anderson.
I googled ahead and also found that Bull and Bear certificates seemed to be the new craze on the financial market. Junk bonds and pyramid schemes were well out of date.
A week later it turned out that our testing of Bull and Bear was a stroke of luck, the course went contrary to what we had been recommended, and it turned out that the recommendations were not so good.
Sir Randolph strode up to the B & H a week later to collect the prize on the certificate. No, by no means. Failed. Neither Bibi or Monkey was there but the local chief showed off the fine print which meant that the certificate was locked in two years. Randolph threatened, of course with their best advocate, but the bet is not at all on the B & H-Manager. Randolph had signed. Full stop.
We had found a way that B & H funded activities. Many small streams could be several million dollars if the streams were enough. What could we do about it? Until further notice, we had to be content with the fact that we had found a foam form of financing that we could have the benefit of knowing the future. 
We discussed about what Bibi and the monkey and maybe Agbosch was looking for. If they had taken care of Naimees diamonds and traded them to cash, how had the supposed deal with such large amounts. Of course, it could just be making themselves rich, but it could also be that they wanted to be unnecessarily rich by taking control of something big. We remember the financial collapse in Iceland when an entire country essentially became insolvent. But in Iceland's case had been United Kingdom save most of it by supporting the British part of Iceland's banks. They failed to do so, unclear why. May have been someone in the financial world, which for some reason got the British Act so that he any did a good deal?
It felt as if we were stuck, I had probably been a little too optimistic when I thought I could help find the missing treasure from Sierra Leone. While we in the media hear and see small elements of the so-called rebels in Sierra Leone who is terrorizing that part of the country that have natural resources. 
"How do you feel about your old homeland in West Africa?" I ask Naimee. She had actually lived there for a few years.
"They do not care I'm in! They're not really wise!" exclaims Naimee. "My husband was the only decent person in a corrupt country."
"Despite the fact that he smuggled out a fortune in diamonds?"
"He had plans for how they would be used." stresses Naimee.
"How then?"
"Get the glitter, you see!"
"I had intended to terminate me. I don't think I can bring so much more to this project. "
"Nonsense, let's plan the next step. Keep in mind that I was almost a Governor in my last life. "
Now we had followed the road and located roughly who had control of them.
"Time to eliminate the three little pigs. The monkey, Bibi and Agbosch must be stopped! ". It's like Naimee steps up.
"Here I am! If you want any eliminated so am I correct man!" yelling sir Randolph, he as been mercenary, particularly in West Africa.
"Idiot!" are Naimee’s replies, "it's an economic war we fight. We're going to degrade some of the financial world's parasites! With unexpected actions on the border of the permitted – we'll make mincemeat of them. Also carelessness I should have control of my property. What do I owe my sainted in commemoration husband Mabinti Christian Kargbo. And you, dear Hamilton Jones”, she exclaims, "may actually fulfill your agreement with me. We need your contacts and knowledge of the digital world in order to pursue this project."
It depended on what plans she had to degrade financial yuppies. I had run out of ideas right now, Randolph seemed to not take when he had sprained deceased on any purely literal. Only financial killing, he was not really used to.
First we should concentrate on Agbosch, we was not yet clear if he cooperated with the monkey and Bibi. To my surprise the Monkey had been welcome to Bibi's Office in Singapore, despite all the stinking sulfur oaths as she said about him every time we met. Perhaps it was only a momentary disagreement which prompted the outbreaks. Or also, she had the same expression on all their colleagues when she was talking with strangers. Maybe I pulled all the wrong conclusions of her statements, it may also be the sentence.
When it came to Bibi Hammermann, we had confirmed she is highly active in the financial industry, she was not only a labour brokers on Wall Street. The question was whether the two or three worked together in this special project or if they had greater cooperation. Maybe they only accounted for a small part of a larger organization, it was someone else who ruled and stood in the background.


Attack!
Naimee sent Randolph to Sierra Leone, a land he knows, and now was his job to research the background when it came to the dodgy mining operations. It could very well be that the Agbosch were in there somewhere. Maybe he thought it was his diamonds Naimee trying to recover. He could feel robbed by the Governor of Sierra Leone, perhaps.
During the 1990 's was Sierra Leone plagued by a bloodthirsty so-called guerrilla army with support from the troubled neighboring country Liberia. The diamond trade in the Interior of Sierra Leone got a severe setback. The Government of Sierra Leone tried to remedy with the help of hired white mercenaries. The company, based in South Africa, with the utmost professional name Executive Outcomes, made short work of the Sierra Leone guerrilla and restored calm and order, at least for a time and at least around diamond fields. This could very well Agbosch be involved, was active from South Africa, although the new black regime there was not very pleased that South African companies were acting in other countries in that way.
Sierra Leone's diamonds are of the accessible type that can be picked up from the soil by such simple means as a shovel or a pan. It was easy to get to the diamonds areas where these were very interesting preys for all parties. The RUF guerrillas used these diamond areas to enrich its members, but perhaps above all to be able to continue funding the war.
It thus became sir Randolph’s task to find the truth behind the corruption, guerrilla and mercenaries in Sierra Leone.
With the help of my favorite hacker, we noted that the Monkey had flown to London.
"Good!" exclaims Naimee, "I'm off to London and check out what he's up to!"
I thrived on Raffles with Singapore Sling and Tiger beer. RBS, Royal Bank of Scotland in Singapore Land Tower at Raffles Place would be my first stop in the escalating war against financial yuppies. I would arrange with the bank manager, Phil MacHale. He was from my hometown so we could have the same language and the same jokes about Scots, Englishmen and other odd nationalities.
I started a little bit easy to explain what I could possibly contribute to enhancing computerization of the Singapore Office. The interest was not overwhelming so I tracked in on world bank business in General and the B & H Investments in particular. I wanted some tips on how I could proceed to to begin with to bust them for the reluctant Council about Bull and Bear that hit Randolph.
Ultimately, I was looking to get hold of the missing diamonds, and maybe also get an idea of the rumors of Anderson and the Swedish krona. 
"They have good grub at Raffles?" asks Phil MacHale.
We agree to meet in the Long Bar Steakhouse at Raffles in the evening. Here we enjoyed under the menu a culinary steak marinated with flavors from the Orient. 
MacHale was a seemingly good-natured person, short heavy and red-faced. He seemed sharpened so the red face was due probably not on too much Scotch whiskey, but a healthy lifestyle or high blood pressure. During dinner, I received an alarming phone call from my headquarters in Scotland.
"(A number of ugly words) ... What are you doing really. We lose customers, the Bank states that we are bankrupt, the taxman comes calling, and he is us on the heels. "Thus", says my Chairman "you are about to take the life of your own business."
I was one of the major shareholders of the company data, therefore absolutely responsible for it I possibly made the question is what I messed up with. Someone had tampered with official data. Agbosch? Hammermann? Anolodimitrakis?
I chose to discuss the issue with my friend can be truly MacHale. I had allowed Bernard to check his references in both open and closed databases. He seemed to be a proper man who before the banking business has been captain in anti-aircraft defense. 
"I'll fix it!" was his brief answer.
In his long rant about problems with creditworthiness, he stated that it was not so hard to manipulate the bailiff, for example. It needs only that someone sent in a number of credible claims alleging that they failed to pay their bills. A credit report will then mean that it exposed the company seems to have larger or smaller payment difficulties. The Bank is reviewing the loans and so on. Especially in Scotland, we are famous for taking good care of our money.
Could we do something similar against Agbosch and company? Well, there are some opportunities. We can meet the Agbosch gang with their own weapons. Their specialty is to spread rumors in particular to institutions and asset managers. Within each financial company is an individual who manages an awful lot of money for a few funds and a few investors. 
On the other hand, we can try to do Agbosch and company less credible, and, on the other hand, we can try a spanner in the works for those that now seem to focus on a country and a company in Northern Europe. It seems that Agbosch & Co is involved there.
"Singapore is a great place to spread rumors from" says MacHale. "That's probably why they are here and have operations here. I have some friends who we can meet, such as tomorrow night, we have a Finnish sauna evening, me and some buddies. You are welcome. "
Finnish sauna I had only tried a few times in life. It would be interesting to do business without clothes for once. Strange that in this climate, 35 degrees Celsius, would sweat even more in a sauna. In this climate, you need cooling, not a sauna.
It turned out that Club One Seven could bid on three thousand square meters of sauna. Luckily, there was even a pool with ice cubes in the ice hole swimming, where you could cool off now and then. The Club had only male members, it turned out. 
Dressed in bathrobes, we met a couple of gentlemen in the late Middle Ages in the Café. We started with the large steam room, which had previously been a bank vault, continued with the hot tub, and after a very quick dip in the facility was at least I refreshed like a Jay.
With refreshments, we entered a relax-o-room where I was introduced to the community.
"This is a friend of mine", start MacHale “who will revolutionize financial market. He is completely unknown in the context which may be a good start. I've been eyeing him carefully, therefore I can recommend him for the job. "
The mission – Whoops, what it could mean. He checked me thoroughly was completely natural, even if we had the same Scottish accent.
That said, Singapore was a good place to disseminate information or misinformation in finance. The surroundings were highly cosmopolitan, it would be much more difficult in Europe. Here was the financial community represented in some skyscrapers within walking distance. It was just to get the correct entry ticket to the investors secret counsels.
We discussed the message that I would spread. I would discredit Agbosch and company while I would offer my expert comment on the telecom market in the Nordic region. To do this, I was able to not only act as a reseller of computers, I must have some financial backing with weight that could give me sufficient authority when I would hang out with the Elves.
The Chinese in the Society, had the solution. He would provide me with necessary business cards and a little light where I was hired by the Bofou Industrial Investment Fund. It is a major Chinese player on the market, unknown to many, especially to the West. Then it was time for me to mingle in the finance world's gray areas.
But first to China for a little briefing on Bofou and for making me a trustworthy financial consultant. 
Me and my new friend, He Jin, were taking Air China of course to Tianjin via Kuala Lumpur and Seoul. It took almost a day to get there. Tianjin is one of the West unknown city is a port city in Northeast China, with over 10 million inhabitants. The region is bordered by Beijing. The Bank's offices were a little surprising inside a pair of Gates adorned with black birds and guarded by some sort of Dragon dogs in stone. 
There we met a couple of the Bank's vice presidents and I got the advertising material on the Bank, and a lecture on the Bank's objectives and business. Then a tour of the city to get the right feeling, if I represented the Bank should I have some feeling for both the company and the city. The town lies on the Haihe River and old culture, the Confucius Temple, a Grand Mosque and a little startling a United States Navy Club. 
No swanky restaurant for dinner, it became Chinese food with sticks at the Office. First long into the night, I was quartered at a hotel, a wake-up call at six o'clock in the morning and fly back to Singapore. In Business Class, of course, so I could eat and sleep in peace and quiet; He Jin, who had escorted me to China, stayed a couple of days there.
At breakfast in the Tiffin Room appeared not entirely unexpectedly Phil Mac Hale from RBS. Happy laughed, early riser, he told me to mingle with an U.S. investment bank in the evening. 
Mingle in Singapore
Time to take on a whole new task. Alone in the Far East, I mingled with a few well chosen financial heads. The US investment bank was looking at to blow over rumors of faltering companies and as faltering currency in Northern Europe. Those who didn't have euro’s to prop up against were easy prey. They did not say quite that, but it was the purpose. Sale while times are, was the message.
It did not make my task easier, but with a major Chinese bank in the back, I had some understanding of my views. But it is hard to convince Americans that the Chinese knew better. I had developed some mingling technology in my previous life as a computer salesman, so I sneaked around and processed one by one. I was generous with my new Chinese business cards, just as the Japanese had the native language on one side of the card and the English variant on the other side.
Despite the fact that I was able to gain some superficial contacts here and there, I was probably not very successful with my message. Upon returning to the hotel somewhat depressed, I went to Tiger Bar and took me a Tiger beer. As I sat there and surfed on my little tiny computer slid a woman down on the Chair next to me.
Small, blonde and good-looking and dressed in red and white she sat silent beside me and waited for my opening reply. My first thought was that it was a hostess, but it could not sue. She was bold and obtrusive, so far tallied it. I was busy browsing the Nordic exchanges, so I ignored her and gave her a quick side glance. It was something that didn't feel right, I felt the woman in question? She was still silent and waited. I took the courage to me and began to inspect her, should I know her?
"Hello Hamilton Jones, I'm Dolly"
"Hello Dolly!" was the most I could come up with. It is a musical that once went to London. I saw some time ago at the Open Air Theatre in Regents Park.
"You may remember that sir Randolph got a stowaway in Mossel Bay?"
"Aha, that Dolly! And where's the boat? "
"It's back in the home port, that is to say, here in Singapore."
"And you have sailed it across the ocean back here? All alone?"
Although she was tanned and seemed to have spent some time in the fresh air, I had difficult to imagine that dilute woman could handle a boat alone across the Indian Ocean. 
"No, I contacted Sir Randolph and I patterned on a crew Sodwana Bay in Maputaland. It is located on the coast of South Africa, where there were some poor surfer who earned a few dollars on an adventure. We sailed Sir Randolph’s fine boat here."
Raffe had not mentioned anything about that he arranged so that Charlotte Victoria had been taken care of. Of course, he would not abandon his eye, and I had forgotten to ask. Which he probably regarded as the height of ignorance. 
"Have you heard anything from Randolph from Sierra Leone", Dolly asks innocently.
Apparently, everyone knows where we are and what we're doing. Perhaps it was not directly a secret, but it was nothing we had talked about for the others either. 
The evening went on in Tiger Bar, the bar where you meet unknown and famous people from around the world. I pulled myself to memory some time ago when I met Anneli from Finland, she turned out to be a knowledgeable finance professionals, but she was now missing. But of course, it was well Anneli who had arranged so that Dolly ended up at Raffe's boat. Dolly had perhaps track of where Anneli could be found. So I asked:
"Do you know where Anneli is. She disappeared from us in Sharjah, it maybe you also know of."
"We are in contact every day."
"Where is she?"
"I don't know, but she is fully active in the market."
"Why did she disappear, and why have we not heard from her?"
"She has other plans right now."
"Such as?"
"I don't know. And if I knew I would probably not tell you. "
The last thing she said with a gleam in his eye, as if she flirted with me. I suddenly got me to this attractive business woman had a bedroom in her eyes. Wishful thinking, I thought and tried to extort Dolly on what Anneli really was and what she had in mind. 
Eventually it was time to hut, we did parties up to hotel rooms and in some silly way I were in her room. We had talked about various things, that is to say, it was she who talked the most. And as the most natural thing in the world, we stood next to each other and watched city views at the window of the hotel room.
I was excited about her neighborhood, she was really not my type, I thought. But in some unfathomable way, I became increasingly excited. When I turned away to calm myself with a little ice water, she was suddenly in her bed. She held up the sheet inviting to entice me into bed.
"Off with your clothes!" she ordered.
I did as she said and she whistled appreciative when I took off my underpants. She had of course not Dolly Parton's shapes, but her womb was warm, inviting and explosive. 
Soaked in sweat and other bodily fluids puffed out after a long enjoyable cooperation when it knocked on the door.
"Have you ordered champagne?" ask Dolly sleepily. 
"Absolutely not, I have not had time. Brave woman has had my undivided attention."
Suddenly the door opened and a porter service, and two uniformed men strolled into the room.
"Are you Hamilton Jones?" asks the older of the men.
I confirmed something questionable that it was me.
"We are from Security Watch Group (SWG), Singapore Police Force, be kind and brought to the police station!"
"Why?" I ask no stuttering. I knew nothing about that I would have done something criminal.
Naked and sweaty, I leave the comfortable bed, where Dolly shyly hiding under the sheets. 
I didn't get to take a shower but just got the dress on me. In this climate, it was just a shirt, shorts and sandals, and then I was ready to follow the police.
They did not allow me to contact anyone but locked me in a cell at the police headquarters. First, they had in the usual way taken by me wallet, watch, mobile phone and belt.
"Here, you sit until tomorrow morning, you will then be questioned."
Like everything else in this town was the cell tidy and neat. Perhaps it was here white criminals were locked up. I doubted that the natives were treated so well. But you never know, man does not stop to be surpriseed in Singapore.
I had had a tough first part of night, I fell asleep on the couch and dreamed about my sexy dreams latest conquest. Rather, it was that she had conquered me, but in the dream world, it was I who was the invincible hero.
Early in the morning, I was taken to an interrogation room with two plainclothes individuals started to interrogate me about my basic data. I was full of confidence because I was absolutely convinced that it must be due to a misunderstanding.
It turned out that the Security Watch Group (SWG), Singapore Police Department for combating terrorism. It made me, of course, a little worried. They talked in some detail about what their job was and also told me that the one who was accused of being a terrorist had limited rights. 
They said that they received a tip from another country where I was suspected of stealing confidential information. The data would have some connection with the armed conflict in a country where terrorists were trained.
I came to think that I had had contact with Binladin Contracting Group in Dubai, but they're a reputable company. I had also taken me into others ' offices in a questionable manner, both in Sharjah and Cape Town, but it could not make me a terrorist. It was very remarkable, and I wanted as soon as possible contact with a lawyer. Now I felt no lawyer in Singapore, but through my newfound friend at Royal Bank of Scotland might well go to organize something.
So far, it was not necessary, argued for the hearers. I really was not suspected of anything, the only wanted to hear me for information.
Why they pulled me up out of a warm bed in the middle of the night and locked me in a cold cell? Concerning terrorist offences could not be too careful, they explained. With that, I got let me confine and became locked in a small cell. Because I was still totally convinced of my innocence and did not have anything else to do I fell asleep happy laughed at the somewhat hard bunk. 
The questioning continued, eventually with the same interviewer. This time they went harder for me, and I became aware that it was our activities in Cape Town as they were especially interested in. Now I became more convinced that I needed a lawyer. Since it had a terrorist stamp on the crime I still was rejected such. 
According to the tip of South Africa, I had along with anyone else taken me into an Office in Cape Town. Day and time were good with our visit to Agbosch Office, because I could have good reason to suspect that it was the good Agbosch that lay behind the tip to terrorist police. This meant that I did not want to discuss the issue further without a lawyer. And because I did not make contact with any outsiders, I decided that I wouldn't say nothing. 
One more night in the cell. Now it was rested and was boring, entirely without news and entertainment. To be a suspected terrorist was treated me well quite well, but I was completely cut off from the outside world.
The next morning, I assumed it was morning although I had no access to daylight illumination in the cell. A uniformed guard picked me up and briefly announced that I was free on bail. But I had to write on a piece of paper that I was not allowed to leave the city and I each morning before noon must register at the Police Office. If I didn't, I would call and are hunted by the entire world's police. I would remember that I then would be branded a terrorist, which is to say that I was given priority loot virtually throughout the world.
"Think about it! Carefully! "called me one of the interrogated persons is now connected.
Anyway, I scored out watch, wallet, cell phone and belt and step out through the unimpressive gateway to the modest house where terrorist police housed. There it met the one who arranged bail to get me on the loose. And it wasn't Phil MacHale as I had expected. It was, instead, my newfound business partner He Jin from Bofou Industrial Investment Fund!
I could not hide my surprise but he assured that if it worked for him so it was well taken care of, even if suspected terrorist in South Asia. So do it in China with their friends. Somehow I suspected that it was a whole different thing if you were having troubles with him or the Bank or China in General.
He claimed that it was time to make the right of subsistence allowance, so to speak. During the evening, it was a meeting of investors in the Singapore Land Tower, a 190 m high tower in the middle of the business district at Raffles Place. That said, everything is near when you are in Singapore. 
First, I would return to my hotel, look for Dolly, turn on my tiny computer, and make some calls to my new and old business friends. At the reception, I ask whether the Dolly is inside. She is not, she checked out the day before yesterday morning, shortly after I was taken care of by the police. Where she had traveled, they knew not. And I had not found out anything about her. For example, I had no telephone number and no address to her work or home. It would be hard to get hold of her, if I would like to try.
No nocturnal party with her apparently. I took my key went in to my hotel room. Time to bring up the computer to check what happened in the world in general and in my world in particular. 
The computer was not in the room. After some thought, I remembered the night with Dolly. We left the bar and went straight to her room, the computer I had with me and therefore it probably left on Dolly's hotel room. I ask at the front desk if anyone has left anything to me, such as a computer. As I suspected, no computer in the receptiona.
I sense something fishy, Dolly has snatched one of my best friends, my Tiny, my trusty little computer. It also makes me think of how I was retrieved by terror police. I was thus not retrieved from my hotel room, but from Dolly's room. I begin to suspect some guile, everything was arranged for me to go into jail and get rid of my computer. I had a nice night, but had to pay a high price. Dolly worked for Agbosch? Right now I suspected that Agbosch was behind all the misery. 
If it was so that Agbosch was behind all the misery, how would I be able to take me out of this, and how would I be able to fight back. I must reluctantly admit that the financial game lay a bit above my level. I was good at selling computers to everyone in all parts of the world, but this was something different.
Save what can be saved. On my computer, there were no major secrets, but it was no more difficult to achieve than to get past my password. I should have hedged your computer better, such as using encryption. My email was not found on my computer but on Google's Gmail. At the hotel's Internet Cafe do I sign in to my Gmail and change the password. There were a number of unread mail, it does not appear that Dolly and her cronies been there yet.
I will contact Bernard, my hacker can hack almost anything. I tell him how it is and ask him to track my little Tiny. He returns with the news that it had been signed in to the network and that it was in Sharjah, the Emirate on the Arabian Gulf, or as we like to call it, the Persian Gulf. Dolly had apparently returned to her Office in the U.A.E. Not much to do about this, because I had a travel ban, it was just to bite the bullet. First, I bought myself a new Tiny in the data store around the corner. I wondered if I should call my new Tiny for Tiny Two, or if I would rename it new to Teeny. Then I uploaded in a not-too-old backup which I had on a USB stick. Not sensible how much data it makes room on the memory sticks now-a-days.
Now it was time to meet with investors in the Singapore Land Tower, now as some kind of representative of Chinese Bofou. Probably because I was used to being a consultant, but this mission had arrived very quickly and I felt increasingly in doubt. Partly because I was not sufficiently familiar with the subject, but also because I was unsure of my clients and what they stood for. China was, after all, a Communist dictatorship, even if they have fallen for capitalism as an economic doctrine.
Singapore Land Tower was an impressive building within walking distance. Event high up in the building was masterfully organized. Indoors, it was soft lighting so that you could enjoy the view over the city. I was looking specifically for Agbosch, but he was not there. Nor Anolodimitrakis. On the other hand, I met up with Bibi Hammermann, as usual, more free dressed than other women in society. Actually I was looking for Dolly, you never know what you might find at a party.
Bibi was effusive as usual, friendly, and made me feel relaxed. I wondered in my own mind how I could suspect this uncomplicated person for a lot of nasty things. But before I had time to making an appointment with her a little more private, she had disappeared in the crowd and apparently discussed life in the financial world with a couple of sheikhs dressed as if they came straight from the desert.
I hit my best mingling charm and tried to spread my message of electronics firms and currency in Scandinavia. My message went contrary to the other negative rumors that flourished in the room. Because I was unknown in the party, they may not care so much, but my lapel pin on from Bofou bank gave a certain authority and many questions from other bankers. I had hoped that mister He Jin from the Bank would be there, but apparently he had full confidence in me. Neither did Phil MacHale from the Scottish Bank was there. Luckily, there was plenty of Tiger beer as I could lubricate the throat with. It was a lot of talk.
The next day began with my compulsory registration at the police station, mett with Phil MacHale and discuss my situation with the lawyer Phil got up for me. I also spent some time with my new tiny computer, Teeny, to see if I managed to affect stock prices and exchange rates with my socializing the night before. It seemed, instead, go stick bat out of hell with both stocks and currencies in Sweden. Hammermann and Agbosch were apparently more successful with there mingling. 
I reported to my real principal, Naimee was left in London. She still looked for the Agbosch to try to set him against the wall. It was partly her money that Agbosch plays with the financial market.
 

Contact with the enemy
He Jin had booked me on a new meeting with investors that evening. The meeting was completely disinteresting but when I walked home to my hotel stopped a silver Rolls Royce at the curb, the back door was opened and a raspy voice with a South African accent invited me to take place there.
"Good evening mister Jones", greeted me from the leather back seat. It was Gunner Agbosch, my enemy number one, who kindly invited me to a peaceful conversation. If there would be peaceful or not, it was once the future will tell.
After a few introductory phrases like the weather in general and the heat in Singapore in particular came to have to shot.
"Sad that your finances are about to capsize," he begins. 
I get mad and ask what he did with my money making. 
"What applies between countries might actually happen between people too. I have put you in the blockade to get you better thoughts. Blockades and trade barriers are not very effective between States, it's very effective between individuals. You are destitute! You are also charged with terrorism in Singapore, a very serious accusation. You can't even go home to Scotland to save what can be saved. "
I was cold, speechless, amazed and was becoming angry; it is not often that I lose my temper, but now I have to strain to keep my outer calm. Here I must go from defense to offense. But what I was able to attack with that could shake confidence in Agbosch. 
"We are in contact with Executive Outcomes and they work for us in Sierra Leone. We are absolutely clear about what companies you check there and they will not be able to produce much in the coming months”, I lied. I hoped in my own mind that sir Randolph had found something in that direction where he now was in Sierra Leone. Executive Outcomes was the South African mercenaries, among other things, worked in Sierra Leone. 
Agbosch in fact became silent for a while. His lanky figure that constantly gestured stopped now. But just for a moment, then he continued as if nothing happened to embroider what would happen with my money and my business and my customers.
"But I have a suggestion," he continued. "You're just a consultant here. Therefore I can offer twice the consulting fees if you change clients. "
He tried to buy me, a Scotsman who to the last drop of blood would be faithful to his mission. But of course, I was a Scot and felt a certain craving when you mentioned money. You kidding about miserly Scots, but perhaps it was some truth in this.
I needed time, therefore I replied after some hesitation that I would have to think about it. In the meantime, we had gone into a parking garage. I had been busy discussing with Agbosch and therefore not paid attention to where we were going. Along the way, he had left a couple short instructions on soma African dialect to the driver. The driver was undoubtedly of African origin, probably Zulu, one of the most bellicose tribes of South Africa.
"We can continue the reasoning in the Office," says Agbosch. We took the elevator up to the 14th floor and he opens one door, let me in and says he will back soon.
"Make yourself at home," he said and shut the door from the outside. I am on the inside in a small office room. It looks like a small conference room with a round table and a few chairs. In one corner was a pair of comfortable armchairs, moreover, there was a coffee maker and a few biscuits that could be served at a meeting.
I took it easy and felt right at home for a while. But as the time led, I began to wonder what made that Agbosch did not show up. When I was at the door was locked and impossible to open without a key, even from the inside. To get out through a window on the fourteenth floor seemed to not be a good idea.
I was armed with a cell phone, it would not be so hard to find someone who could drop out of me. The cell phone had no contact. The nocturnal view far away toward the Malacca Strait was breathtaking big stately. High up in a house in the middle of town, there must surely be a most excellent reception. Could it be that the Conference room was blocked from abroad in order to keep secret meetings?
Anyway, I was just now cut off from the outside world. A totally unique experience in today's communication society. Not being able to call, text, or access the Internet, it was frustrating. It felt like I was back in the 90 's, what today's youth see as antiquity. 
I presumed that the good Agbosch would show up sooner or later so I brewed myself a cup of coffee and beat me down in one of the comfortable armchairs. And went to sleep.
I woke up a few hours later, the Sun was shining from a clear blue sky but slightly hazy. The clock had been ten in the morning and nobody had brought me. Neither Agbosch nor any other.
Now I understand that the Agbosch had locked me in and also meant it. I was a prisoner on the 14th floor of a high-rise building with no chance to reach the outside world. I didn't even know where I was exactly, I had only the view from the Windows to go on when I would decide where I was. Some buildings some distance away, but from there, figure out the street address was not so easy. Perhaps it could go to open a window, but not surprisingly, they were not opening. 
After some hesitation, I tried to smash a window by throwing a Conference Chair against a window. It bounced back with a muffled "clunk". Hell also, armored glass. It's called safety glass now, I remind myself. One of my customers in the glass industry could deliver bullet-proof glass which survived bombardment of weapon systems, such as AK4 and AK5. It wouldn't be so easy to force these Windows if they were the quality.
Within a couple of hours, I must also register with the police, otherwise it would go out a search in the entire world. I started to get nervous and started looking for tools or something that could help me to get out. I was also very much concerned about what Agbosch could possibly do when I was locked up and couldn't get any information about anything.
With the help of the knife and fork, I might be able to unscrew the hinges or something from the window or door. Door seemed completely impossible to crack but the window seemed screwed from the inside, it was worth a try.
An hour later, it began to produce results. There were a number of knives and spoons was became crooked, and dropped, but eventually I was able to knock over the window inwards and was hit by the 35-degree humid Equatorial air. Singapore is situated at 1 degree 22 minutes north latitude, it is virtually on the equator. I found that the air conditioning had worked satisfactorily. 
With the window open, surely the cell phone functioned. The battery was running out and I had no contact anyway. The blocking disturbance worked despite the open window. I had to think of back to ancient times to find some way to get attention and help. Then they used carrier pigeons, maybe I could use the swallows. As a kid back home in Scotland, I learned how to fold well flying paper swallows. There were plenty of paper, this was a conference room. I folded a swallow, wrote a message for help with thick red pen and sent out paper swallow in the hot air.
Shouting and screaming from the fourteenth floor was not to think about with the noisy traffic down on the street. I sent out several swallows and waited for somebody to pay attention to my dilemma and look up at the window and alert police. I tied together both curtains and hung them out through the window to draw attention to myself.
In Singapore, you get fined 50 pounds if they litter. I saw some Orthodox citizens who picked up my paper swallows and put them in the nearest trash without reading my message. They may not be able to read English, either.
A sudden rustling in the lock, a strong uniformed man rushes in and yelling
"What are you up to, the air conditioner will be knocked out with open window!"
It was the House's caretaker, who apparently had seen that it was something was wrong with the air conditioner in the room. It was, after all, a modern technology that saved me this time.
With the help of my powers of persuasion and my business card, and the address of my hotel, and not least a 50-singapore dollar bill I was able to leave the House and locate the nearest police station. The clock was already over twelve, I was already a wanted terrorist. From the police station, I called my interrogators on Security Watch Group (SWG), and reported my presence. But too late. I was now wanted all over the globe. My safest whereabouts right now was probably in all cases in Singapore. And here I was already stranded, so so far was no harm done.
I am contacting Naimee, she is still looking for Agbosch in London. I can report that last knew the whereabouts were Singapore, whereupon I told her what I had been exposed.
"I will!" she shouted and snapped out of the conversation. Formerly called the man threw the phone down, now there are small buttons that apply and they are not quite so expressive.
I tried to contact sir Randolph in Sierra Leone, but there was probably poor with mobile reception in the jungle.
I called my company in Scotland, they ordered me to come home immediately and cough up a bunch of pounds so that they could get started operations again. This made me walk up to Phil MacHale, the head of RBS Singapore. The Bank Chief could perhaps help me in this perplexity.
He was full of understanding but was amazed at how I could have been entirely through no fault in this situation. He also seemed somewhat aloof, he maybe deep down suspected that I was a swindler and a terrorist.
My phone is ringing
"Hey, prick, Naimee here!"
Naimees credit cards were still blocked, probably by Agbosch. She couldn't buy any plane ticket and was thus left in London.
"Take care of you, see you when we'll meet", was my inspiring answers. "You happen to not have a diamond or two that you can sell?"
Well, Mr MacHale informed me that my financial situation was remarkable, even though he had tried to lift all roadblocks they had just as quickly struck again. 
"A hacker is to manipulate the system," thought MacHale based on information from its headquarters.
It became more and more complicated. Here I sit trapped in Singapore and are waiting for better times while my company and my private economy is shattered.
I will contact Bernard, my hacker, and discuss a new idea to him. The mingle method have not been particularly successful when it comes to spread my message. Time to try the e-mail method. Can possibly Bernard get into my message in one or more of the mailing that various banks provide to their customers. Where are the exchange advice, analysis and more about the currencies, and businesses and commodities, and so on.
Sure, he can fix. At least for a short time until someone gets their eyes to their newsletter has been hacked. But then, I have sent my message and it is not very likely that the original the letter writer would admit their lack of security. Why would my message still be credible for a while.
After some consultation with He Jin and Phil MacHale writing me a text that Bernard promises to stop into the newsletters from some reputable banks.
It's about time, the Swedish krona is becoming increasingly hollowed out and Anderson, one of Sweden's largest companies will be acquired soon, according to reliable newsletter. Not quite as reliable, perhaps, I had myself managed to manipulate some.


Helsinki
It comes an email from Naimee, she has located Anneli to Helsinki. Not so strange, she was probably in spite of everything from Finland. Naimee think it is time that we confront Anneli to get anywhere. 
Naimee has also found Agbosch in London, where she would continue to monitor him. She thinks that I should fly to Helsinki. Easy as pie, I have no money and no passports, and is forbidden to leave Singapore.
My Chinese friend is also interested in rescuing Anderson. It probably means that the Chinese counterpart, Huejda, is not the one that most threatens Anderson. 
"I'll fix that, flight ticket and credit card!" said He Jin. "But it is you who are taking the risk, it may be many years in Guantanamo!"
I had nothing to lose, I thought, but to end up in an American prison for terrorists was not a very nice thought. But on the other hand, Obama held on to close the prison, so the risk of this was probably not so great. I was unable, however, to be extradited to South Africa or Singapore. Well, the day of mourning.
However, He Jin got a pass for me on Bacon Smith from Hong Kong S.A.R.. Since the Hong Kong S.A.R. now was a part of China, but still with many Britons who worked there so it was a good choice. It would not work to get into the United States, where it was fingerprint control when entering the country. And there was my actual fingerprints already registered.
But within the Schengen area, an area within the Europe of free movement between countries, it would probably not be a problem. Bacon Smith was also a real person, but he had disappeared from the scene in Hong Kong S.A.R. for a time. Probably kidnapped by He Jin buddies over there.
Just that I found out later, right now, it was a good pass with a good picture. I was advised to cut the hair and put me into a small goatee to confuse those who possibly could recognize me. And also to confuse the police officers around the world who received my terrorist picture. 
As I said, I needed to Helsinki to bring order to my life and my finances, it is anyway what I thought at the time. Can Anneli be my guardian angel?
Finnair flies at 18.25 via Hong Kong S.A.R. of all places, to Helsinki. After 16 hours and 40 minutes, I arrive to Vantaa, the international airport. It is no problem to get into Finland, the spell works. I can only remember that I am now Bacon Smith, with assignments from Bofou Industrial Investment Fund, Tianjin, China. I have booked me on hotel Kalastajatorppa, a five-star hotel. I had written up the name, otherwise I would not have been able to pronounce it so that the taxi driver could take what I wanted. Oh yes, he affirmed that he always drove to Kalastajatorpantie if his passengers tried to pronounce something incomprehensible. It is located at Kalastajatorppa road with views of the Gulf of Finland. Still, almost in the middle of town. And a King Gestroom Plus that the hotel room wasn't completely wrong. 
The King who would live there was more uncertain, in Finland, there was no King. In the past, it was the King of Sweden who was also King of Finland, but it was a few hundred years ago.
Already on the flight, I had tried to search for Anneli Koskenkorva on FMFP Finance professionals in Finland. It was not so easy. When I asked at reception how I would find miss Koskenkorva I got a wry grin in response and they asked if it was not as good with Absolut Vodka. That's right, koskenkorva was also the name of the local whiskey in Finland. Nevertheless, there were many called Koskenkorva when I was looking in the telephone directory. A country filled with spirits, it seemed like.
I worked with my little lap top computer, to find more clues on the Internet. To my surprise, I find The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V., The Netherlands (Finnish) branch. Imagine, we Scots have a bank in Finland!
The natural thing would be understood to make a call to my friend at RBS in Singapore to get introduced to the Finnish Office. The problem now was that I was Bacon Smith from Hong Kong S.A.R., not Hamilton Jones from Scotland.
I strode in at Helsinki branch and asked to speak with the Office Manager. I said looked for Koskenkorva's Office to discuss Chinese investment in Finland.
He asked me to wait a few moments until the Office Manager would be on leave, he had a visiter right now. I got beat me down in a comfortable leather chair outside the Manager's Office. Imagine my surprise when I get to see Paul "Monkey" Anolodimitrakis step out from the Office. He did not recognize me, we had barely met. And I had changed both name and appearance.
"Oh dear," I thought, "really a coincidence." What he could he do in Finland?
Now I felt suddenly as donkey between two hips. I would hit the bank manager or would I possibly try to shade the Greek and try to find out what he had in Finland? The choice was not very difficult. I passed quickly the information desk and announced that I will come back later and instead took back on Anolodimitrakis. 
He didn't seem to have a mind that would be persecuted, and why would have it? We wandered Mannerheims street up to a small side street, where he abruptly took off to the right and into a large office building. I gently went after him and saw that the elevator stopped on the eleventh floor. A look at the name signs at the entrance showed that one of the companies was called FMFP Ltd. If I don't missminde me, it was the name of Anneli's company.
I also took the elevator to the 11th floor to see me around. There was indeed an Office with the sign FMFP. I had no desire to give me notice of whether Anneli was there or not. Perhaps we should wait until the evening and take into the Office one way or the other. On the other hand, had I not Sir Randolph to help, he was able to force the lock.
Mobile phone rang and I hurried into the stairwell so as not to arouse any curious and answered with a simple Hello. I did not know exactly if someone called me that Jones or Smith. I actually had not changed the mobile phone when I switched identity.
"Hello old boy from northern provinces!" someone shouted. After a second of hesitation token fell down and I was able to respond as the fastest:
"Hello old boy in Diaspora! Are you not eaten by Leone's lion yet? "
"No, I've left the Lions and am on the road to civilization."
"What good, I was just thinking I needed an expert to force a lock in to an Office. It's one of your famous specialties of course. "
"Obviously is, I'm going to crash. I'm heading to Helsinki, where are you? ", says Randolph something surprising. 
"In Helsinki, of course, that's where the door is that we should force", is my comment. "See you at the hotel Kalastajatorppa."
"Sure, we'll see you tonight!"
It will be nice to meet some of my colleagues. The phone rings again, this time it is a very feminine voice exclaims:
"Would you not call me when you came to Helsinki?"
"Should I?"
"We are heading to Helsinki, Agbosch and I." informs Naimee. 
"Together?"
"No, I'm flying economy class, he in Business class, of course. See you tonight!"
"See you at the hotel Kalastajatorppa." Neither Randolph nor Naimee had some comments about the hotel with the weird name. Perhaps they had been here before. But something strange was it.
Bernard, the hacker, call:
"You should take the boat to Stockholm tomorrow!"
"Well?"
"FMTP Investments have booked a smaller conference room on board. Agbosch, Anolodimitrakis and Hammermann have booked tickets on Viking line of departure Friday morning. I have booked a conference room next door, as well as cabins for you, Raffe and Naimee. OK? "
"Sure, great," is my questionable comment. It is about to happen, something is going on, the question is what?
The Conference room wall to wall with the antagonists allowed me to locate the Technology magazine's Finnish counterpart and purchase some listening devices. A pair of microphones to attach on the wall should do the trick. 
In the evening it is time for consultation with my homies. Randolph with light summer clothes and wearing khaki, Naimee with raincoat and umbrella. Randolph comes directly from the jungles of Africa and has not paid attention to it's winter with snow and ice here in the North.
Naimee, of course, coming from the rainy London, which rarely go outdoors without an umbrella. 
Naimee had been in London and attended Agbosch’s doings and routine. All she could tell me was that he was deeply involved in many meetings, much mingling among other finance sharks but that it has been difficult to get a handle on what business he really done. 
Naimee had spoken with a lot of people who in one way or another, been in contact with Agbosch and that would confirm that he right now was interested in two things, diamonds and a Nordic telecom company.
"My interpretation is that he uses my diamonds to take over a Swedish corporation. He is very much involved in lowering the Swedish Crown and discredit Anderson for which mere speculation buy shares in Anderson and also to buy Swedish Crowns now for sale price and then let the market run its course in order to later is able to sell expensive crowns and expensive shares", analyzes, Naimee.
"You took some courses in business administration and Economics during your time in Oxford," says Randolph.
Randolph continues to tell us what he did do in Sierra Leone. We had assumed that Agbosch had a lot of shady deals in West Africa. Randolph had visited the diamond fields and talked to some foremen and Office people to look dodgy tracks on Agbosch. Agbosch were known by some people, he had gone around the country to find good resources. His exploration company was still active with the Government.
There are still insurgents who are also active to sabotage the operation and to try to steal the diamonds. Corruption was high, all trying to bribe everyone. The population is not homogeneous; there are around 20 different tribes with different languages. Some are Christians, a large portion are Muslim, yet more is neither one nor the other, they might have retained their ancient gods.
The country's educated elite was long dominated by the minority krio (Creole), who claims to be descended from freed British slaves from Jamaica. They are Christians and have the British culture as a model. Still, the country is relatively stable compared to the past.
Agbosch company works as said there, his security company, consisting of the tough South Africans, would be able to snatch up some, but now seems to basically work within laws and regulations. 
"But the money he seems to serve in Sierra Leone could not finance his questionable business on the world market", says sir Randolph.
"That's right," interjects Naimee, referring to his earlier statement that it is "her" diamonds that finance this. The question is if Agbosch intend to pay back when he carried out his coup against Sweden and Anderson or if he takes the money to the next project.
I told them about my adventures in Singapore and also asked that they would call me Bacon Smith in the future and do not contact Interpol. Yes, they were fully aware of this. 
My idea of taking us into FMTPs's Office was stopped by Naimee. Randolph was as usual keen on all new adventures. Naimee reminded us of our escapades with similar assignments in Sharjah and Cape Town where it has not been without its problems. 

Viking Line
It was early morning in Helsinki and very cold. Not the raw wet chill that I could recognize from home Scotland, has many minus degrees and a nascent wind. It was instead the sharp cold that bit into my cheeks as soon as I left the foyer of the hotel. It was a difference of 60-70 degrees like that compared to a few days earlier at the equator. 
The ice was thick in the port where our boat to Stockholm at the quay. Boat and yacht, it was more a floating hotel. We wondered if it would be able to get around in the ice over the sea. I got a picture in my head of polar Explorer who had been icebound in some Arctic Ocean over an entire winter. I shuddered at the mere thought and pulled down my newly bought fur hat of Russian model over the ears.
I was a little worried about passport control, I wanted to avoid to face any police, I was, after all, a wanted terrorist worldwide.
We got on board without problems and established us in each stateroom and took us unseen into our Conference room, wall to wall with Koskenkorva's gang. 
The Conference rooms were on deck nine, with a fine view high above the water. We tested our connection to the Internet, so far was the satellite connection is fully acceptable.
I proudly showed my newly purchased listening devices. Randolph snorted and called it toys. He had indeed worked with much cooler stuff. If he had them with him? No, unfortunately not. OK.
Randolph tweaked Coca Cola and sandwiches for us in the expectation that the Conference would begin in the room next door. We had to wait. We questioned ourselves with the reception on the meeting in the Conference Room B21 was set. The Conference room was booked for both front and back, more did not know the reception at the Conference.
A few hours later, I took a break to refresh me at the bar further down in the ship. When I sat at the bar with my favorite drink, a big strong pineapple juice, slipped a modest woman up on the bar stool next to and whispered
"Hi Hamilton little". Rat-colored hair, insignificant but proper businesslike dressed.
I jumped high, my nerves were well not really on top, but took me quickly together and countered with
"Hey Anneli, however, schhh, not so high, you are so kind." I was of course not Hamilton right now, it would be unnecessary to others heard that name. Who knows, it could be terrorist policemen even on such a boat. 
"Schhh, not so high, you are kind. If you are really nice, I'll show you something," she says and took my hand and leads me to the nearest elevator.
"We're going up to my cabin and talk a little bit," she continues. "in addition, called I'm not Anneli, my name is Fanny Mahmon. As you know called my company FMTP, i.e. Fanny Mahmon Finance professionals. "
That's right; I had uncovered far earlier thanks to but favorite hacker Bernard. But that meant maybe she just thought I was in a bit of half shady business. 
"Since you took me up in the room, do you intend to use the same persuasive technique that your colleague Dolly?"
It was Dolly who gave me some beautiful moments in his hotel room and disappeared with my little favorite tiny computer.
"On the contrary. I happened to find your computer somewhere, so this is it! "
She took out my laptop from a desk drawer and handed it with a clever smile, adding that such entertainment as I thought we would be able to devote ourselves after completed negotiations. Despite her bland appearance, she was both attractive and sensual, which meant that it woke up some lust between my groins. It was a promise, but it could I think of now. Now it was about to complete the negotiations.
"What negotiations are you thinking then?"
"I have a plan", she states.
It was getting interesting, in fact. But was she friend or foe. I must think about my mission. I was just a consultant, as I like to say. My main mission was to return a lot of diamonds to its rightful owner. Or at least get back the value of the diamonds, they now apparently was used to try to manipulate currencies and listed companies.
"Are you thinking about if I'm friend or foe?" she wonders, with a small smile. 
She was a complicated personality, even a mind reader, it seemed to be.
"I have a problem," she states. "One of my clients is the Finnish telecom giant Kiano. Kiano which begins to lose ground in the market and threatened by hostile takeovers from China. You like working for the Chinese, maybe you have more information? "
To tell the truth, I was not very familiar with Chinese interests in the North. Although I had an impressive business card where it appeared that I represented an esteemed Chinese bank. Perhaps it was the Chinese who was at purchases round in the North. Or was it thought Kiano which go together with Anderson to meet Huejda, the Chinese telecom company?
I was obviously deeply immersed in my own confused thoughts, if I woke up to the staring I deeply into the eyes of Anneli. 
"Uh? Plan? Issue? ", I managed to get out of me. Anneli's laughter was short and pithy, but exhilarating. And I woke up with a jolt.
"I had imagined that you would be on the Board in my new company." she says.
"It is not possible. I am not myself right now. That is to say that I do not currently are Hamilton Jones from Scotland but Bacon Smith from Hong Kong S.A.R.. "
"I know," she says, not surprisingly. She knows most of it. I wonder how. She has a private hacker, of course. "It makes it even more safe. For you that is. "
She had bought a Swedish limited company in which there was A-shares and B-shares. According to Swedish law may there be shares with different voting rights, now gets an A-share have a maximum of 10 votes on the B shares have one vote. In this company was 100 old votes against one. The share capital is moderate so I have 51 percent of the vote, but only a few percent of the capital.
This Swedish company has a subsidiary in B V I (British Virgin Islands), a finance company which manages various assets around the world. Because the BVI Company owned by the Swedish company it is also they who appoints the Board of Directors and has the highest number of votes at the general meeting.
Now we have to convince our friends to let the BVI Company manage the slaughter of the Swedish krona and Swedish telecom industry. Such a company would be more effective than if they work. That's my plan.
"And why would they go on the various votes for Swedish equities?"
"We have to cheat. It may not come to A-shares have 100 votes, they must believe that there is a maximum of 10 votes. This is where your phenomenal hacker comes in."
Ouch, it was that she figured out. And I thought that it was me she was looking for.
"That is to say, when they are looking for on the Internet and you will find the company in the Companies Registration Office, then we have hacked the information and removed one zero?"
"Or could it be that when they get to see a false search page, the same as the real ones, with the exception of voting rights!"
"If my hacker can fix it, what I have for the use of it?"
"I will promise you a relaxing evening in the hotel room!" says Anneli with a smile. But, before I licked me on the mouth at the thought of a nice night, she continues:
"Joking aside", she says, and my hope for the night is dwindling, "You can fulfill your mission to find the diamonds or the value of the diamonds and get the full payout from your employer."
I fell to temptation and contacted Bernard. 
"Niema problema", is his positive response. "When will it work?"
"It will work for 24 hours from now, then you can let it go."
And how could I trust her? She claimed that by returning my little tiny computer, she that way proved that we were friends.
The ship glided on through the night on to Mariehamn and Stockholm. The ice was thick in the Åland archipelago, and it actually seemed as if the vessel despite its size had problems with the ice. In and of itself it is not played as large a role. Even if we were to be icebound in the Arctic so we could thanks to satellites and the Internet be as a date with the outside world as if we had been sitting on Wall Street in New York.
"Now I gather my colleagues on the Conference Room", announces Anneli.
"We heard through the wall, and I look forward to a fruitful cooperation", is my comment and then I take me to our Conference room and announce the happy news.
"Do you trust the wily Hag", exclaims Naimee.
"You're not real clever?", Randolph. Sir Randolph.
"If you have any better idea then ...?"
No one had a better idea, we started to actually believe in a minor miracle. If Anderson and Sweden went bankrupt was not our business, our mission was to bring back the Naimee’s fortune.
I plugged in my amateurish listening equipment and could pretty well listen to the discussion in the room next door. Where were they all of our "enemies" into place with just a wall that separated us. How Anneli managed to collect just our enemies was an enigma. Either she was smart and would fool the shirt of the monkey, Gunner and Hammer or else we would end up with long nose destitute, jailed and without a future. I wondered how the Dungeon at a Finnish boat looked like. It was well below the car deck and if the boat then sailed on the iceberg so would my future be drenched, if you say so.
Anneli presented his plan about how they would cut the Swedish krona and the Andersons. They thought it seemed way too good and asked to withdraw to think about it. Naimee and Randolph took to be at the moment and would try to scout a little bit on our antagonists.
Personally I stopped in our Conference room to monitor positions. It knocked gently on the door and I went and opened, it was perhaps Anneli who wanted to hang out.
"Hallo mister Jones!" There was a tall shapely blonde. It was Bibi Hammermann standing there and invited herself into our Conference room. "I thought that I saw a familiar face. And what on earth are you doing here?"
Firstly, I must get rid of her so that she could not see my primitive listening devices. In addition, I was completely nonplussed when it came to explaining my presence at a Finnish boat. I couldn't even tell that I am currently not called Jones without Smith. 
"Hey!" I exclaimed with an astonished smile and took her to the coffee maker which was farthest from the wall to their conference rooms. Because the offense is the best defense I continued:
"I and some colleagues are here on a computer conference. But how did you end up in these icy waters?"
"I and some colleagues have a financial hit. Sure, this boat is a great place for those of us who want to get away from the spotlight and just hang out and do business. "
"Speaking of socializing, we shall go to a bar or dance. It'll be at least one Swedish so called dance band and a dance floor somewhere down on the boat." I did not want my employees show up, so it was probably best that I left the room, after all, even though it was unguarded.
"You would feel good then! I had thought to talk a little bit seriousness."
It was just keep good in nasty game.
"I am considering investing in a company in a tax haven. Why would I need a reliable person to join the Board because I can't. In addition, the initiator of this company promised to present the Chairman here and now if we accept the offer."
"Tax haven, the British Virgin Islands, for example. AHA! You need a British citizen for this? ", I ask so innocently that I could.
"Just like, one of the few British people that I know," she admits. She wanted to have a so called goalkeeper. Often there were homeless and other people without money who got act goalkeepers in suspicious businesses. Although I was not homeless (yet), I was actually without money, right now anyway. If I was a goalkeeper in a suspicious company, I would not only be without money but also have liabilities of unimagined amount.
Fun. The Chairman of the Board as Anneli would present, could it be Bacon Smith, that is to say, I? Board Member that Bibi wanted was Hamilton Jones, that is to say, I. 
How could I get out of this complicated seat? About Anneli's plans went off without a hitch, it was perhaps a good thing to have two votes in the Board of Directors. Or maybe three ...
"Well, if you need more Brits in Board perhaps we can persuade my colleague to be with?"
"Absolutely, can I trust him?"
I don't know how she could rely on me, but my response was overwhelmingly positive

General meeting of shareholders
We looked out further implicated, a British citizen, that is to say Sir Randolph, the man with the ginger colored slosh. Not unexpectedly, he was at the bar, sipping on something that looked like ginger ale but that was probably a slightly stronger flavor, made in the Scottish Highlands.
General meeting in about two hours in a conference room B21. Sure, we felt honored.
Meanwhile, it seemed that the ship stopped, there was no harbour here where we would pick up more passengers. We should be in the archipelago between Finland and Åland Islands, but still long from Åland. When we look out, we see that the boat is completely still with ice around it. It's actually the coldest winter in many years, we have stalled?
Yes, we actually had been stuck in the ice between Finland and the Åland Islands. Through the speakers, it was announced that this was the case, but there was no reason for concern, icebreakers were on the way. 
Even though we were stuck out of the reach of the ordinary mobile phone network so worked the phone and broadband thanks to the ship's satellite connection. I consulted the Randolph who was a hammer to fix everything from locks and Hotwire cars to communications equipment. This latter experience came as a soldier in Africa need to keep contacts open using all possible and impossible wireless devices. My wild idea was to sabotage the ship's satellite connection so that we became more or less cut off from the outside world. Yes, it could he easily organize, claimed Raffe.
"You did well with your portable satellite telephone so that we can communicate with the outside world when all the other can't?"
"Sure, of course we can connect us to the world with my equipment," was Raffe safe answers. "I will take with me a cutter and screw driver and locate the wires from dish!"
Half an hour later, Raffe with its own satellite equipment and we could see that our cell phones and broadband Internet access now was out of order.
Now it was almost time for the extraordinary general meeting of Sierra Welfare Fund AB, which in turn owns Sierra Welfare Fund BVI Ltd in tax paradise the British Virgin Islands. 
I felt as though I balanced on a tightrope, who's fooling who? I felt not very smart right now, the question was who was the smartest. So far I had on my part, most famously by the Agbosch Act of revenge against me. Maybe he was the smartest, after all. Or was it Anolodimitrakis, so far, he had sailed around the edge of our business. I was also not wise on Hammermann, seem completely inoffensive, but behind the carefree facade is maybe something completely different. 
And how was it really with Anneli Koskenkorva, she ought to be on our side, but did she do it? Maybe she only worked for herself, or she was engaged by the Finnish telecom giant Kiano? I was hoping also to my clients, Naimee Kargbo did not play under the covers with anyone else. My knowledge of Sierra Leone was not completely OK, here was knowledge at least in Agbosch, Randolph and Naimee as I probably did not know.
It was apparently the Koskenkorva who had called for the meeting and sat on the Chair and pulled the agenda. It seemed somewhat improvised compared to the General meetings which I suffered at home in Scotland. But all present, including myself, accepted it and approved that the meeting be held valid, etc. 
Agbosch, Anolodimitrakis and Hammermann raised each 15.6 million dollars each class B shares to the company. In addition, Fanny Mark Finance professionals AB, that is to say, Anneli go in with 1.56 million dollars in the form of A-shares. The purpose of the company was that using the weak krona take power in the Swedish telecom company Anderson. Then could be sold on the market and also provide the krona currency gain. 
(3 x 15, 6 = 46.8; 100 x 1,56 = 156, guess who is the boss in the company!)
Agbosch was sitting there in his baggy suit and wrote something with her illegible handwriting. He just seemed to listen with half an ear, but those who knew him knew that he was still tightened and not missed anything despite the fact that he wrote about maybe was about something completely different.
Anolodimitrakis had a black book in front of them, where he with little lawyer style made short notes. He seemed embarrassed that he did not put the Chairman of the meeting. He wanted to decide.
Hammermann, free dressed in t-shirt, as usual, was seemingly in a lighthearted mood and talked more about the service on the boat than about financial things. 
All three were questioned to Sir Randolph and myself were in attendance. Fanny Mahmon (Anneli) announced that she sold a share of sir Randolph and that she therefore could participate in the meeting. In addition, she had sold a share to Bacon Jones, who unfortunately could not attend, but there was a letter from him. The intention was that they would join the Board of the company in the British Virgin Islands because we were British citizens. Although it was a tax haven so there were some reservations about the directors. Hammermann announced that she sold 10 B-shares to Hamilton Jones, that is to say, with the same justification. 
Anolodimitrakis seemed somewhat surprised but kept good my. 
Agbosch glared a bit on me, we had met in some context before, but turned in a somewhat patronizing my, but made no comments.
But Anolodimitrakis wanted to adjourn the meeting to make a couple of calls. Agbosch sauntered also out in the foyer with the cell phone ready.
Hammermann discussed carefree fashion in London with sir Randolph and seemed to have the situation under control.
I had my little laptop on the table, nowadays it is the many who have computers with them at meetings. I found that I could not connect to the Internet. Same with my cell phone, no cover. Raffe and I exchanged glances in concert, my eye would be interpreted: Good job, Raffe. His look told me: I know, I'm the best!
We went on in the agenda, wrote out the Protocol immediately and got everyone's signatures.

Fanny's Fund
Sweden ferry, or Finland ferry, as it is called in Sweden, was still stuck in the ice somewhere between Helsinki, Finland and the Åland Islands.
We, who had access to Raffe’s satellite phone, started to do business. It was, in fact, Anneli who made the trades that now was to take advantage of the combined resources of our new company.
To begin with, it was time to strengthen the Swedish krona. Just think how fast it can go to poke a bit of market forces so that trend suddenly was positive. Even though we had great assets in our company would still not be enough unless the market and market computers followed in our footsteps. And think what helped that we were stuck in the ice and to telephones and the Internet did not work. 
Except for those of us who had direct contact with satellites.
I called my friend Phil MacHale in Singapore and Han Jin in "my" Chinese bank and informed that they could make the world's clips if they followed us and market developments.
After a few hours were the Crown fairly old fine value, it was now time to sell our expensive Anderson shares that we bought cheap. We were in this situation, Anneli and I locked ourselves into my cabin together with Raffe’s satellite link. 
Raffe had been ordered to celebrate the occasion with Naimee, for obvious reasons, she had not been able to participate in general meeting. She could now relax in the bar and be hopeful that we had found the fortune that she initiated in her "Nigerian letter". 
We were also in contact with my hacker Bernard as his hold on development, held an avid interest market and stock market commentary. It was more or less chaos on the Stockholm Stock Exchange which surprised brokers did business as they had not a thought of as recently as that morning.
"How does it feel, Ham sweaty, having the financial world at their feet, and with a few clicks change the world?" said Anneli cleverly.
I had a problem with being a penniless wanted terrorist, which made me more nervous actually. In addition, I expected that Agbosch and company would make a countermove in any way. 
But that was probably what Anneli predicted, Anneli has established a new fund that would be used for the benefit of the residents of Sierra Leone. The management of the Fund had been placed under the supervision of the World Bank.
The World Bank Group (WBG), is an independent supranational organization which cooperates in the framework of the United Nations Economic and Social Council. The World Bank Group's headquarters are located in Washington, D.C. and is owned by a cooperative of the Member States. It is profit oriented, but the profit goes to fighting poverty. 
Whatever Naimee would have opinions about this, it was only right that the funds that once stolen from the central bank in Sierra Leone would go back to the inhabitants of this country.
I got the task to announce the happy news to Naimee currently should be sitting in a restaurant together with sir Randolph. Naimee consisted in rule by a big smile that looked soberly at the reality. For some strange reason, she became top barrels furious. I knew that she had a temper, but becoming a victim of her wrath made me felt I shrank under her blazing eyes.
Other guests in the restaurant looked interested. Here were some businessmen and businesswomen at a larger table that was probably at another Conference. There were also a number of middle-aged ladies who probably was on board for dancing to the popular dance band. Right now, we were there who had the most entertainment value here.
"You were employed by me as MY consultant! You should have taken my interests! You get fired here and now. Retroactively! You will not get a single pound in fees! "
That words and no visors. If I had been poor before so I was not richer by this.
Now came the Hammermann strolling through the restaurant heaving bust and no sunshine in the eye. I had heard her swear before, but this was worse. She had apparently been in contact with the outside world and find out with what was about to happen. 
"I will sue you for damages which cannot be imagined," she threatened. That's how to do it in the United States, suing people and try to get the big indemnities. Sure, but I had no money, so what.
Naimee interfered in the conversation and pointed out that it was her money, so she thought suing Hammermann with several on even greater damages.
When Anolodimitrakis approached, I went and tried to sneak. But, with cruel countenance had "Monkey" spied on me and followed me. I went out on the deck and looked around on an icy sea. Anolodimitrakis sneaks up behind me and the blood run cold in my veins. Only now I begin to take the classic expression of iced blood which I read in my youth Adventure books. Maybe he is a violent man and intended to push me overboard. 
"Really a smart approach," he said. "I'd need a whole new installation of an advanced financial information systems. I suppose you can give me a really good quote. " 
"I will do my best," I murmured, and suspected that those computers, I would probably not get many pounds.
"OK, here's my card, you can get in touch with me next week!" he said and removed.
The most difficult issue remained. We, and I, had had the biggest controversy with Agbosch. It was just as well to take the bull by the horns and look him up. For all the happiness he was at the bar, I wished to speak with him among the people. I was a little unsure if he could become violent if we met more secluded.
As usual, he looked a little bit absent out and was also, as usual, dressed in a baggy suit of English cut. 
"How do we fix this?" he asks directly when I sit next to him.
"Yes, we have a lot to discuss, maybe. Do you have any good suggestions? "
I assumed, probably rightly, that it was Agbosch who was behind my rushed poverty as well as the call for terrorism.
"I want back the diamonds!" mutters Agbosch. 
"What the ..."
"Those that you bought for my money and deposited in Antwerp."
"Then you take back the blacklist among banks and we will remove your terrorist report?"
"OK", we said and shook hands on this.
I got up gratefully and left the restaurant. I also heard how the ship starts moving when I look I see an impressive ice breaker crush the ice in front of us and we can take us further towards Stockholm.
In my cabin were Anneli still, it seemed as if she completed all transactions that she wants to do right now.
"Do you remember what you promised me when we were done with this?" is my modest asked question.
"Sure, I've been waiting soooooo ... That's why I booked the Royal Suite with whirlpool baths and Thai massage for us. "
It was soooooo niiiiiice night ...
 
________________________________________________
Of course, this is a story that is made up from the beginning to the end. Any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental. However, the geographical and historical background quite authentic, feel free to go there, and then the tourist managers will be happy. I myself have been on most of the sites described, but it was a few years ago.
The Nigerian letter is actually a "real" fraud letter which ended up in my Inbox for a number of years ago. And who gave the idea for this story.

© Stieve in Adams, 2012- stieve.i.adams@gmail.com
 
 

