
THE SILENCE OF ETERNITY

By Lesley Corina

Published by Lesley Corina at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Lesley Corina

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author


Chapter One

Leaving his body where it lies Johnny Bee rises from the bed and glides over towards the window. Why he chooses to take such an unorthodox exit strategy is a mystery to him. Because he doesn’t look back at the bed, that he’s so recently vacated, he misses several important clues. 
First; he doesn’t notice that his woman’s still sleeping. A slumber so deep it, to a trained eye, may indicate some form of chemical inducement. Nor does he notice the cooling body that’s lying very still on his side of the bed. In fact, during these early stages of the story, both Johnny and Sandra remain totally unaware of the devastating events that will soon take over their lives. 
Well if I’m being totally honest the events are devastating for one person only; and that person is Johnny Bee. The events, that we will see unfold, will be just another working day for Sandra and, not to put too finer point on it, will actually be quite well received by Joyce Bell, her mother.
But reader I run ahead of myself. And if I wish to retain your attention for the full length of my story I must make sure my narration’s simple, to the point and in the jargon of today, “provides added value”. 
I ask you to picture a modest dwelling in a sprawling, purpose built Housing Corporation owned block of flats in North West London. The furniture is somewhat gaudy and out of place. It’s been bought solely on price. The purchaser wants everyone to know that they have money to burn. And burn it they have. There’s a massive American car in their allotted parking bay; as well as a small sports car in a rented garage half a mile away. 
Expensive trappings are crammed into every nook and cranny of the flat. The drawers and wardrobes are bursting with designer clothes that mostly are, and will now remain, unworn. 
Sandra Bell lies sleeping under a mock, or is it?, leopard skin duvet with matching pillow cases. While her lover of the last eighteen months, all six foot four of him, glides silently towards the bay window that’s expertly hung with four richly patterned, very heavy and exceedingly expensive drapes. Sadly their dominant colour is a rich bright red that clashes violently with the yellowy gold of the thick wool twill carpet. But enough of their fashion horrors; they like it or, in the case of Johnny, liked it. 
Eating and drinking were not pleasures that Johnny Bee indulged in. So he, weighing in at just under 13 stone, is able to manoeuvre his skinny fame around the room with comparative ease and with apparently no outward concern for his current state. Without giving it a second thought Johnny passes through the curtained windows. The idea that he must make a nocturnal visit to an old friend is the only notion in his otherwise empty mind. 
Without any apparent effort, on his part, he leaves the flat. He then glides down the street, across the park, over the river and along the dual carriage way before deliberately gaining height as he approaches Festival Flats on Benton Street. When he’s gained sufficient altitude, so he’s level with the seventh floor, he as easily slips into the home of his long term friend Benjamin, Cutter to his friends, Walker as he had earlier glided out of his own bedroom window. He executes a graceful halt when he realises that, in spite of the lateness of the hour, Cutter’s not alone.
Johnny, never very good at hiding his emotions, allows his reactions to betray his annoyance. He turns his back and stares through the window he’s just come through. With what can only be described as a sulk glued to his lips he glares at the reflection of his friend as it’s mirrored in the window. Johnny’s unable to believe that Cutter, of all people, is actually not paying him the slightest bit of attention. 
‘Some bloody friend you turned out to be,’ he snaps in a strong London accent. ‘Don’t get up off the floor or bother to introduce me to your new friend. If your old friends aren’t good enough to meet your new friends and have a beer or two with them; well that’s fine by me. We all change. And you’ve changed. Once upon a time you’d have been glad to see me. “Johnny, nice surprise you dropping in on me,” you’d say. “Johnny, have a beer?” you’d offer and without me having to ask. It may be that supermarket own brand crap. But at least you’d offer it without prompting. “Johnny, I like it when you call round” you’d say. “Johnny, you’re the only friend I have who comes here to see me. I know, Johnny, that this flat isn’t up to much, ‘specially by your high standards, Johnny. But you, you, Johnny, you still come and see me even with all your wealth. Johnny, you’re a good friend to me,” you’d say. But not today. For some reason it’s all change today. No, today I call round and you don’t even want to know me. Okay, if that’s how it is. Then that’s how it is.’ 
Throughout this tirade, which he carries out using a very accurate mimic of Cutter’s tenor pitched whine, he surprisingly doesn’t draw attention to his own unorthodox entry. Nor does he turn to face him. He prefers to keep his back to his friend and allow his eyes to scan the reflection of the two men. He senses tension, sexual tension he wonders? He lowers his eyes as he asks. 
‘Cutter, didn’t realise. Bad time to call, eh? I’ll go.’ A movement from the guest draws his face back to the glass. He realises that there is tension between his friend and his guest; but it’s not sexual.
As Cutter still doesn’t acknowledge him Johnny fixes his gaze on the reflected image in the night curtained window. He sees his best friend. A young man who’s been through a lot; yet has always stood up for the little guy. A strong man, both mentally and physically, who’s now cowering in a corner. Johnny notices the crunched up posture and the look of abject horror on Cutter’s face. After a lengthy scrutiny of Cutter’s reflected features he realises that it’s this other visitor that Cutter doesn’t want around. 
This sudden and totally uncharacteristic perception brings a smile to his thin lips. With cold clarity he realises that he’s actually just empathised with someone. It’s a new experience. A new feeling and he has a desperate urge to return to the sleeping Sandra to tell her all about it.
With a sudden rush of eagerness he prepares to leave when he realises that his urgency is only partly driven by Cutter’s apparent indifference. He shakes his head and lowers his face to the ground. Somehow, perhaps it’s the influence of his new found ability to empathise but, on the very moment of preparing his departure he realises that he’ll have to stay where he is. There are more urgent issues unfolding before his eyes. 
Johnny glides over to Cutter with what he hopes is a friendly smile resting lightly on his lips. He holds his arms outstretched, his hands open in gestures of both friendship and forgiveness. Cutter still hasn’t noticed. Instead he keeps his eyes fixed on the other man while his lips mouth platitudes as a small trickle of, what looks likes, saliva spills over his yellowing teeth. A faint smell of urine pervades the scene. A smell Johnny assumes is coming from the other man. Everyone knows Cutter’s fastidious about his own personal hygiene. 
As Johnny stares at his friend he’s unsure, fearful, afraid to make another move. 
At this point let me step out of my narration and introduce you to Benjamin Walker or Cutter to his friends. As the story unfolds you’ll easily pick up the reason for his nick name. 
Cutter, at 32, is a month older than Johnny. He’s a small man, five foot two and weighing a couple of pounds less than Johnny. Johnny and Cutter go back a long way together. To a time when Cutter, a refugee from a fee paying school, was forced to share a desk with Johnny at the local comprehensive. The two loners found they liked each other. They remained friends until the happy day when they left school after a career of missing classes, messing up exams and filling their time with petty theft, chasing girls and, for Cutter, playing in the band. The girls they never caught but Johnny managed to make a healthy profit from petty theft. Cutter, on the other hand, preferred playing bass guitar to stealing and practiced religiously until he became very good. He played with several local bands. Eventually he persuaded Johnny to take up the drums so they could be paid real money while chatting up girls. It was only when Johnny realised that this would also provide him with easy pickings, it’s notoriously easy to remove unguarded wallets during pop gig intervals, that he agreed to practice until he also was good enough; just. 
Did Cutter know about his nefarious activities? No. Because if he had he’d have asked Johnny to stop. Johnny wouldn’t have listened; but that wouldn’t have stopped Cutter asking. 
This is why Johnny and Sandra have a modest flat, lavish furnishing and two expensive cars. While Cutter, who actually does have real talent, lives in the attic flat of a converted seven story house in the heart of a rundown neighbourhood with peeling wallpaper, dripping taps, and a cracked avocado coloured plastic sink in the corner of his living space. There’re damp patches over all the walls. Half sheets, thrown over butchers’ string, provide the curtaining; which tonight hasn’t been drawn. Old lino successfully covers the rotting floorboards; until you step on them that is. Cutter has tried to disguise the bleak look of the flat by artistically arranging reject carpet samples as asymmetrically as possible over the whole space. The samples add definition to specific areas. The overall look is surprisingly good; if a little more Jackson Pollock than John Constable.
Johnny’s now looking down on his friend annoyance playing over his features. He wonders why he should be drawn to remaining when all he wants to do is get back to his sleeping Sandra. He spins around, moves slightly and comes to stand directly between Cutter and the other man. He finally decides that if Cutter can’t be bothered, to acknowledge his presence, then he’ll just go. It’s obvious that he isn’t wanted. After all Johnny knows that two’s company whereas three’s a crowd. He decides to make his excuses and leave as quickly as possible. 
For the first time since his arrival he looks into the face of the other man.
The bullet exits the gun and makes swift progress towards Johnny. 
‘Shit,’ Johnny says as the small object passes straight through him and slams into the body of his friend who suddenly seems willing to talk to him.


Chapter Two

‘Johnny, get him for me,’ Cutter gasps as his body falls to the floor. 
His blood mingles freely with his other bodily fluids as they all spread smoothly over the bright blue carpet remnant that is Cutter’s decorative touch to distinguish the seating area from the rest of his accommodation.
Johnny turns to watch the other man as he removes the silencer from the gun, opens the case and then pushes the two pieces into their appropriate slots. Johnny, enraged, throws himself at the assassin with a turn of speed that takes both himself and Cutter by surprise. 
‘There you go, Johnny,’ Cutter comments. 
He has a breathy, high pitched, yet soft voice that has more than a hint of whining to it. He’s taken years to perfect this “little man voice”. It does exactly what he set out to do with it. It successfully hides all traces of his upper class upbringing. He has found that, in his line of work, a public school education and posh accent are more of a hindrance than a benefit. 
Almost to himself Cutter continues, ‘Lick-a-de-spit, Johnny. You move real fast when you want to, Johnny, don’t you?’
‘What happened, Cutter? Did he move?’
‘I guess you built up such a head of steam, Johnny, that you just failed to stop and went straight through him.’
‘Don’t be silly. He moved. He must have.’
‘Sure; that’s right, Johnny,’ Cutter adds. 
The slight stammer to his delivery is also deliberate. At all costs he wants to remain in the background. Even at the cost of deferring to Johnny Bee. 
‘Johnny, you run lick-a-de-spit into him and yet you don’t cause a hair on either of your heads to fall out of place. But, you’re the boss, Johnny, if that’s what you say happened who’m I to argue. I guess that’s what happened.’
‘Too right it did. The coward got out of my way.’
‘Johnny, how could that happen?’
‘You want me to explain physics to you?’
‘You know, Johnny, it didn’t look like that from my angle. And you know what the funny thing is, Johnny? To cut-a long story short, Johnny, the funny thing is this. I thought I saw you go straight through him. Now isn’t that a funny thing, Johnny? But I guess it was a trick of the light. Is that what you say, Johnny? That is was just a simple trick of the light that was playing old Cutter for a fool. Is that your answer, Johnny?’
‘Either that or whatever sauce you’ve been on.’
‘I guess, Johnny, it’s what comes of all the practice you’ve had of running away from husbands and the law. Is that it, Johnny? Is that why you move so fast? Lick-a-de-spit and then some.’
‘Cutter, you kill me. You really do -.’
‘I kill you, Johnny?’
‘The sod’s going to get away unless we stop him! Cutter, help me! Just lying there, sprawled on the floor like it’s throwing out time at the Duck ‘nd Grouse, won’t help. Besides he’s getting away. Oh no you don’t. You stand there and take that!’ 
Johnny tries to hit him. He fails to make contact. Astounded he cries out.
‘What now? Cutter, what’s happened to me? I don’t seem to -. That son of a bitch isn’t going to get away. Not if I can help it.’ 
‘But, Johnny, how you think either of us can prevent it? Johnny, please stop it. You’re only tiring yourself out. And, Johnny, I think I need a friend to talk to right now. What you say, Johnny? 
‘How can this guy dodge so? It’s as if he can’t see me.’
‘Johnny, what you keep throwing punches at him for? It’s not having any impact. Johnny, can’t you see that not a single one of your blows has come even close to hitting him? Johnny, Johnny, don’t you think there’s something else you could be doing?’ 
‘I’m not going to let him …’ in desperation Johnny tries to pick up the table, then a chair and finally a single pencil. Each item remains impervious to his grasp. ‘Shit,’ he says again. While somewhat repetitious he does say it with feeling. He realises that he’ll soon have to face the consequence of his lack of any physical presence.
The assassin walks straight through Johnny and over to where Cutter’s body's slumped on the floor. Stooping he peers at the lips before placing a gloved finger to the temples. Apparently satisfied he stands up and walks back to where he left his gun case.
In exasperation Johnny lets out a stream of breath, gently at first and then harder and harder as unexpected sounds fill the tiny room.
The assassin looks around assessing each of the closed doors that face him. He knows that the sound that he can hear cannot actually be running water. But in reality, whatever the sound is, it does sound like fast flowing liquid and it’s making him desperate to relieve himself. 
Silently, and with his gloved hands cushioning his genitals, he looks at the three doors that lead off from the room. He knows the first one, being the door he came through earlier, leads to the hallway. He guesses that behind one of remaining doors there may be a loo. He wonders about using it. Then he shakes his head and turns away from the body. 
‘Don’t get up,’ he says in a heavy Glaswegian accent. ‘I’ll just get me case. Won’t trouble ya to use the bog. I’ll use the passageway on the way out. In flats like these it doesn’t matter who adds to the pools of piss on the steps.’ 
As he picks up his case the lid falls open allowing the unsecured gun to drop to the floor. He swears loudly as he retrieves it. It unnerves him when he forgets to pay attention to the detail. He has to be so careful in his line of work. He cannot afford to be distracted. 
‘Guess I need a pee more than I thought,’ he adds. ‘It’s making me forgetful. Can’t have me forgetting what I came to do; can we?’ 
The sound of running water starts up again. It appears to be getting louder. He realises that if he doesn’t get out soon he’ll embarrass himself where he’s standing; right there on the lino. He places his case on the table and runs to the smallest door. A tiny kitchen, he tries the next and finds an even smaller room that contains a surprisingly clean toilet and shower. Leaving the door open he noisily relieves himself as the sound of running water envelops his body and fills his mind. Without flushing the loo he hastily retrieves his case, dashes for the door, pauses momentarily while efficiently disengaging the lock and then flees the scene.
As the assassin leaves the toilet Johnny stands, hands on hips, shaking his head and saying, ‘Didn’t your mother tell you that you should always wash your hands after using the lavatory?’ As the door slams shut, behind the assassin, Johnny realises that he’s alone with his friend.
‘They got you too, Johnny?’ 
‘You was never one for a fight, was you?’
‘Johnny, what’s to fight over?’
‘Friend of yours, is he?’
‘Not really a friend, Johnny. Is that what you think, Johnny? That I’m so desperate for friends that I’d number him among them?’
‘He seemed friendly enough.’
‘Friendly? Friendly? But, Johnny, didn’t you see that he’s just shot me dead. How can that be friendly, Johnny?’
‘You arguing over a woman, is that it? It normally is with you. Have you been giving his old woman the eye? Who’s been a naughty boy then?’
‘But, Johnny, he and I; we didn’t argue over nothing. He just came in here and shot me. I swear to it, Johnny, we never argued. In fact he never said a word to me.’
‘So he came visiting, said nothing and then shot you. Right pair of unsociable buggers you two are, aren’t you? It would explain one thing.’
‘What’s that, Johnny?’
‘It would explain why you both ignored me for so long.’
‘I didn’t ignore you, Johnny. I said hello to you the moment I saw you. Johnny, didn’t you hear me? I remember thinking, at the time, that you looked a bit distracted?’
‘Sure you did. But only after I’d been here for hours.’
‘Johnny, you know I’d not ignore you. Besides I spoke to you as soon as I saw you. I remember that as clear as day. Don’t you, Johnny, remember that I said “get him for me”.’
‘But all the time I was here before then; you and he just ignored me.’
‘Johnny, you don’t believe that? Do you, Johnny? That I’d ignore you, my oldest friend. We go back a long way together. Don’t we, Johnny?’
‘Sure we do, Cutter, but that don’t stop you killing me.’
‘Johnny, I never liked that expression and I like it even less now. Why you so taken with it?’
‘You been talking to my Sandra behind my back?’
‘No, Johnny. Why, don’t she like it either? I guess it don’t matter now. You carry on using any words you like. Don’t mind me. I guess I’m just a little shocked. It’s not every day this type of thing happens to a man. Is it, Johnny? I guess I’m going to have to get used to a whole new vocabulary from now on. What you say, Johnny?’
‘This one’s been good enough for me up to now. I don’t see what all the fuss’s about.’
‘Johnny, I promise I spoke to you as soon as I saw you. In fact I was going to ask you how you got in. But you were preoccupied with that pantomime of trying to hit him.’
‘Pantomime! Pantomime? I was trying to help you. Defend you. And that’s all the thanks I get. Well why do I bother?’
‘Sorry, Johnny, I appreciate it. I really do. It’s just that it’s been a rather difficult night for me; one way or another.’
‘You and me as well, Mate. You and me as well.’
‘You’ve not been here that long. Have you Johnny?’
‘Long enough. Long enough for you to insult me and for you and your friend to ignore me totally.’
‘Johnny, why you keep calling him my friend? He isn’t you know.’
‘Then why you invite him round? You must have let him in so you must have been expecting him. Isn’t that what friends do, drop in on each other?’
‘Johnny, I didn’t let him in. Besides I have no friends other than you. Why’d you think I’d make up a story about something like that, Johnny? I wouldn’t do that.’
‘Don’t give me that. I was here and you didn’t speak to me while he was here.’ 
‘Oh, Johnny, don’t you know what’s just happened? I guess you don’t or you’d not be snapping at me. Johnny, this isn’t going to be easy for me to say. And I guess, Johnny, it’s not going to be easy for you to hear.’
‘You know how long I’ve been here and you’ve not even offered me a beer. Or even got up off the floor. Cutter, what did you mean just now when you said, “you too”?’
‘Johnny, when you came in here what did you think? Anything at all, Johnny. Did you think anything at all was wrong? Well, did you, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, if you’re talking that means you’re still alive. Give me your mobile so I can call an ambulance. I appear to have come out without mine.’
‘Johnny, to cut-a long story short -.’
‘Cutter, don’t start that. I haven’t time for another of your long, rambling, boring stories.’
‘I thought we had all eternity, Johnny. Don’t you think we’ve got all eternity, Johnny?’
‘No, Cutter, just the night. You may be a sad loser with no one in your bed. But I left Sandra sleeping. And with a bit of luck she’ll be wanting me when she wakes. Odd. I don’t normally leave without checking I’ve got cash, car keys and mobile with me. But tonight I guess I didn’t.’
‘This time, Johnny, you appear to have come out without something else as well. Johnny. Have you seen yourself lately?’
‘You noticed. I gained a couple of pounds. Sandra said I’d to get some meat on me. She’s trying me on this new diet. I think it’s working.’
‘You may have left it too late, Johnny. To gain weight, I mean.’
‘I don’t see why. Look, cut the crap and get me a beer. Besides why are we checking sartorial elegance? Do you like that? “Sartorial elegance”! It’s Sandra. Not only does she want there to be more of me but she wants me to improve my vocabulary. She said I’ve to learn to talk posh if I’m ever going to impress her mother. She’s enrolled me in this class -. Cutter, what’s up? How the hell can you do that?’
‘Do what, Johnny. You told me to get up, remember?’
‘Yes, but not like that.’
‘Like what, Johnny?’
‘Like you’re sprawled over there on the floor and at the same time you’re gliding by my side. That’s just not natural. Not natural at all.’
‘What’s been natural about tonight for either of us, Johnny?’
‘Come on, are you doing it with mirrors? It’s a good trick, however it’s done. You going to show me how you’re doing it?’
‘No mirrors, Johnny, it’s no trick. Is that what you’d like this to be, Johnny, a trick?’
‘What I’d like what to be? What’s with the “what I’d like it to be”? It’s you who’s doing it.’
‘I’d like it not to have happened as well, Johnny. But, Johnny, I guess it’s too late for that. It’s happened and, and…! Johnny, when you look at me, sprawled out on the floor like that, Johnny, what you see?’
‘Pissed again, I take it.’
‘Is that really what you see, Johnny? Denial can only last for so long, Johnny.’
‘Good. ‘Cause, Cutter, your denying me that beer’s just so out of line.’
‘Johnny, don’t you see that bullet hole in my skull? Or the exit wound that’s as big as my mouth? Or my brains splashed all over the furniture? Don’t you see that, Johnny? Because that’s what I see. And look, Johnny, can you see how my blood’s soaked into my tux? You really think I’m up to calling for an ambulance, Johnny? Or that, Johnny, while we wait for it to arrive we could pass the time of day drinking beer and talking about how you could improve your vocabulary?’
‘I admit, it don’t look good for you.’
‘But, Johnny, from where I’m standing, it doesn’t look good for either of us. Isn’t that what you see as well, Johnny?’
‘To be honest, no. Look at that wash-board stomach of mine and those well-toned legs and arms. I feel great.’
‘Johnny, are you cold? I couldn’t help but notice, Johnny. And I hope you don’t mind me pointing this out to you, Johnny. But you’re floating around here with only your Y-fronts on. I know I’m not really up on all the latest trends, like what you are, Johnny. But, Johnny, is that really the latest fashion?’
‘Sandra bought me these. She paid; well I paid a small fortune for them from a posh Gentleman’s Shop off Bond Street. Posh place; you know the type. Perhaps you don’t. You may have looked through the window of one or two. I doubt they’d let you in. They keep the doors locked so they can keep undesirables out.’
‘By undesirables, Johnny, you mean the ones who don’t throw their money around?’
‘Them’s the ones. Well, this shop. It’s massive but they only have a couple of garments on the shelves and even fewer on the rails. They hire posh sales assistants with cut-glass accents who all play polo and whose daddy bonks some minor royal or other. Do you like them?’
‘What, the minor royals, the daddies, or were you asking if I liked your Y-fronts, Johnny?’
‘Of course my pants.’
‘They’re really nice, Johnny. But, Johnny, no matter how nice they are, they are all you’ve got on.’
‘I’m okay with that.’
‘You don’t think it’s slightly bizarre behaviour, Johnny?’
‘No.’
‘Johnny, is it the type of thing you’d normally do?’
‘No, but then again, it’s good to step out of the routine every now and then. Keeps body and mind alive.’
‘And the soul?’
‘What about that? Cutter, you aren’t going all religious on me just because you’ve been shot, are you?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘I must say, you’re looking well. That’s providing I don’t look at that thing lying over there.’
‘That thing’s my body, Johnny. I guess we’ve both stepped out of our routine tonight. What you say, Johnny?’
‘If you say so.’
‘I do, Johnny, and, Johnny, inside, Johnny, what you feel like inside?’
‘Great. Why you so concerned with my health? It’s you who took a bullet and then started flying around.’
‘Johnny, I’m dead.’
‘Cutter, why so serious? First pissing your pants, then getting all religious and now this, this flying around stuff. Cutter, lighten up.’
‘Lighten up, Johnny, what you think this is? A game?’
‘Sure. Well, not so much a game more a dream.’
‘A what?’
‘Look, Cutter, I don’t have any injuries. Okay over there you look very dead. But here, by my side, you look normal. As you said I’m wandering around flying in and out of rooms in my Y-fronts. Cutter, what else can it be but a dream?’
‘I guess in your dream it would be right that I’d get murdered and you fly around. Tell me, Johnny, in your dream. Well I mean after your dream, when you wake up, do I get to come back to life as well?’
‘I guess you must. How else will you be able to help me improve my vocabulary?’
‘Johnny!’
‘Do you know what Sandra said to me the other night? We was getting into bed and she said that if I spoke better. If I had a vocabulary as good as yours –! Yes, Cutter, she actually mentioned you by name as we slipped between the sheets. Actually I found that a bit of a turn off. Your ugly mush being called to mind when I’m about to get between the sheets with my Sandra. But that’s the gods’ honest truth. She said it.’
‘Johnny, isn’t it clear to you that what self-improvements you’ve not already made you never will? Well, not in that life. Anyway, Johnny, who can say what we’ll be in this one. We should always look on the side of hope. Don’t you agree, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, shut up. I need to think.’
‘Johnny, you think that thinking will change the situation?’
‘I don’t know. I don’t …’
‘Johnny, this is hard. But you do know what’s happened here? Don’t you?’
‘If we don’t dwell on unpleasant things they can’t happen. My mum used to say that.’
‘Johnny, he didn’t see you. Why you think he couldn’t see you, Johnny?’
‘You mean he ignored me. And so did you. I’ve not forgotten that. Even if you have.’
‘No, Johnny. I’d not ignore you. I’d never do that to you, Johnny. Not ignore you. You know I’d never do that don’t you, Johnny? Say you know I wouldn’t. Please say you believe me, Johnny. You do believe me. Don’t you, Johnny? Johnny, please say it. It’s important to me.’
‘Okay, I’ll say it, if it shuts you up.’
‘The truth is, Johnny, that neither of us saw you. Yet, Johnny, you say you was here all the time. So, Johnny, why you think we didn’t see you? Yet you tell me that you was in the room with us before he shot me?’
‘Obviously he was a man focused on the job in hand. What excuse you had I just can’t think.’
‘Being about to be killed doesn’t help improve one’s social skills.’
‘Go on tell me; what were you two arguing about? Was it a woman?’
‘Johnny, how can I make this clear to you? I’d better cut-a long story short. Johnny, that was Graham the Gun. Johnny, didn’t you recognise him?’
‘Why should I?’
‘Johnny, you do well not to know him. Because, Johnny, if you had and if he’d seen you then you’d be lying right there on top of me, Johnny. Or me on top of you. Either way he’d have killed us both, Johnny. So, Johnny, look at the evidence? Graham didn’t see you, you couldn’t land a blow -.’
‘That’s uncalled for. I was trying to defend you and that’s all the thanks I get.’
‘Johnny, I really appreciate what you did for me.’
‘Really?’
‘Really, Johnny. But that doesn’t alter the facts. Does it, Johnny? You can’t make contact, you’re invisible to the living and you can’t pick things up. Yet on the positive side; you can make strange sounds, talk to dead people and fly around in your Y-fronts feeling normal. Johnny, isn’t it about time we started to face the future, whatever it is, Johnny?’
‘Yes. Sorry, Mate, I guess it’s too late for that ambulance.’
‘And you really think you’re dreaming this, Johnny?’
‘You think I’d dream of you with my Sandra lying next to me?’
‘And if I’m dead, Johnny, what you think that makes you?’
‘It makes me able to talk to dead people. There’s a name for them?’
‘Yes, Johnny, there is. So how do you think you acquired this new gift?’
‘My mum always said she saw spirits.’
‘She liked her vodka, Johnny. That’s not the same thing. Not the same thing at all. Is it, Johnny?’
‘She was a good woman was my old mum.’
‘She was that, Johnny. She was the salt of the earth. But, Johnny, before we spend all night discussing your mother; don’t you feel different? Perhaps lighter?’
‘I told you I’ve put on a couple of pounds.’
‘Not that type of lighter, Johnny. Have you seen yourself lately?’
‘What you getting at, Cutter? There’s something on your mind. I can tell. You know that’s the second time tonight.’
‘It’s the second time for what, Johnny?’
‘The second time I could tell what someone else was feeling. That’s that déjà vu for you.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you were always good with words. And all this time I’ve been thinking that déjà vu was when you think you’ve already had an experience. I always thought that being in tune with others was empathising. But you’d know for sure. Wouldn’t you, Johnny?’
‘Whatever. You know your old man wasted his money sending you to all those posh schools.’
‘I agree with you there, Johnny.’
‘How many were you thrown out of?’
‘Only one or two, Johnny. Only one or two.’
‘One or two a year you mean! As I remember it you were never in any of them for that long.’
‘You have to have your little joke at my expense. Don’t you, Johnny? I don’t mind. Only shouldn’t we be thinking about what to do next? Not that I want to tell you what to do, Johnny. And I mean no offence, Johnny. Only I’m a little shaken by what’s just happened. Johnny, should we call someone?’
‘What for? We often have a chin wag into the early hours of the morning just the two of us. Got any beer in? I have a thirst on me at the moment. Now, what was I saying? Oh, yes. You see them posh schools your dad sent you to; this is where they went wrong. Sure they taught you all the right words. But when will you get to use them, you tell me that?’
‘Not now, Johnny, that’s for sure.’
‘How long were you there for? Before they threw you out of the last one and your dad gave up and sent you to the same comprehensive as me?’
‘Johnny, is this the time for reminiscing?’
‘Why not? Chew the fat with an old friend and have a beer or two. Sounds good to me.’
‘Johnny, don’t you think we could follow Graham. See who paid him to kill me?’
‘We could but he’ll be long gone by now. That beer would be nice. Now, where was I? Oh, yes self-improvement. I wanted to ask you about talking posh. You know that new club where all the stars go?’
‘Yes, Johnny, The Stars Are Out. I’ve walked by there a couple of times. But, Johnny, is this really the right time?’
‘Oh it’s okay when you want to tell a long and boring story. I’m supposed to listen. But when I want to tell a story you’ve other things you want to do.’
‘Johnny, please don’t sulk.’
‘Sulk? I don’t sulk. Sulking’s what kids do. I’m a grown man. Next month I’ll be 33.’
‘And were you planning on celebrating it, Johnny?’
‘Sandra and I are having a big party. Gosh you’re in a gloomy mood, Cutter. Is it because you’ll be 33 a month earlier? See, I don’t forget a friend’s birthday.’
‘Johnny, why you not facing up to the obvious?’
‘I am! I was telling you that I tried to get me and Sandra into that posh club and they wouldn’t let us in. I had the dosh for the entry fee. I even slipped the door man a large note. And I mean large. More then he’ll earn that week. And still they wouldn’t let me in. Sandra burst into tears and I had to take her home. Then she keeps the water works up all night and won’t let me touch her. So I agree I’ll improve myself. What’s the point of having all that dosh if I can’t give my Sandra the best? And if I’ve to learn a few posh words to do it; then that’s what I’ll do.’
‘That’s good planning, Johnny. You’re real smart. You know that, Johnny? I always said you had the brains to go far.’
‘Sure. Cutter, are you ever going to get me that beer? I keep telling you I could use one right now.’
‘Johnny, I’d give you all the beer I have. You know that. Only, Johnny, I don’t think there’s any beer here that you can drink.’
‘You only got that supermarket own brand crap? What did I tell you about that stuff? You should buy good brands like me and Sandra do. Splash out a bit. No wonder no one calls round here. In fact – listen to this. This is good. In fact it’s a real killer. I ask you, is that why someone killed you? Is it, Cutter? Did you serve ‘em Cheep Cuts home brew? Well, did you? Did you? Is that why you got it?’
‘I got some really good stuff in, Johnny. I got the top of the range beer and lager, Johnny. Just like you said I should. And you know what, Johnny; I got it in just for when you come round. They’re in the fridge, ice cold, just how you like it. But, Johnny, we’ll not get to drink it now. Will we, Johnny?’
‘Why not?’
‘Johnny, how did you get in here tonight?’
‘What a stupid question, through the door, same way as always. Why?’
‘No reason, Johnny. Only I don’t remember seeing the door open. That’s all, Johnny.’
‘You were preoccupied with your friend.’
‘I wish you wouldn’t call him that, Johnny. He’s not my friend.’
‘Whatever, but that’s what I was saying earlier. You mustn’t have been listening. You’re getting to make a habit of that. I was saying that I came in here and you ignored me for ages.’
‘No, Johnny, I spoke to you as soon as I saw you. Besides, Johnny, I know I’m not good at remembering things like you are. But, Johnny, I do remember watching him as he locked the door when he arrived. He did, Johnny, I saw him with my own eyes. And, Johnny, you know what he said to me while he was doing it? He said, and this is why I remember him doing it so well. He said, and this was such an odd thing to say to me. So I knew then that he didn’t know me. He said he was locking the door so that we wouldn’t be disturbed. You know, Johnny, that made me smile. Me being disturbed; isn’t that a laugh? Isn’t it, Johnny? You and I both know that no one but you comes here. Isn’t that the truth, Johnny? And now that’s an odd thing. And to cut-a-long story short there’s Graham the Gun and he’s about to kill me and there I am smiling. That’s got to make you laugh; hasn’t it, Johnny? Doesn’t it make you laugh, Johnny? It did me. Me laughing at his lack of knowledge about me and yet all the time he’s come here to kill me. You got to admit it, Johnny, it’s enough to make anyone laugh.’
‘Sure, Cutter, it’s a laugh a minute. But that doesn’t prove anything. The locks in these old places were never very good. Besides, he may have thought that he locked it, but didn’t really. If you get my meaning?’
‘That is possible, Johnny. That’s why you’re so clever. I’d not have thought of that. You mean that in the heat of the moment, Johnny, that he forgot to give it that final turn. Now that is possible, Johnny. I’ll give you that.’
‘See. You just have to think these things through logically.’
‘It’s odd that, isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘What’s odd?’
‘Him, Johnny. You see, I’d think that in his line of work he wouldn’t make such a simple mistake. Don’t you think, Johnny, that in his business he’d have to make sure of everything, every tiny detail?’
‘We all forget something or other, at some time. 
‘Sure, Johnny, sure we do.’
‘Look how he forgot to fasten the gun and it fell out. He wasn’t careful then, was he?’
‘But I remember, Johnny, I really do -. And I’m not just saying this because it suits my story. But, Johnny, I remember that he tried the door, after he’d locked it, and it didn’t open. And please, Johnny, please just humour me on this one. Because I need to know I’ve got my facts in the right order. Johnny, how did you get in here tonight?’
‘Through the window.’
‘And when you came in through the window, Johnny, I ignored you?’
‘At last, agreement. Cutter that’s what I’ve been trying to tell you.’
‘I ignored my best friend who came flying in through the window in his Y-fronts. Johnny, is that what you’re saying? I ignored you after such an unorthodox entry. Johnny, does that seem likely?’
‘Em.’
‘Whereas for me, Johnny, I don’t remember seeing you until the bullet smashed into my skull and killed me. I didn’t ignore you, Johnny. You know I’d never do that. So why you say I did, Johnny? Why you say such things?’
‘Okay, I said it because I was angry. Because I don’t want to be having this conversation. I’m not ready for it; not yet.’
‘But, Johnny, we don’t have no choice in the matter. Do we, Johnny? Johnny, what type of person is it that can only see you when you’re dead, Johnny?’
‘Cutter I said I don’t want to have this conversation.’
‘And what conversation is that, Johnny?’
‘This, dying, death, you, me. Oh shit! Now I can’t pretend no more. Why’d you have to spoil it?’
‘Sorry, Johnny.’
‘All the time I’ve been here this tiny voice inside my head kept saying that it was all going to be okay. And that all I had to do was to go back to Sandra and lie by her side and then I’d wake up in the morning and all this would be just a nasty taste in the mouth. And you had to spoil it. I was thinking about sex and love and spending money and all the things I won’t be able to do now. Why couldn’t you leave me alone?’
‘Sorry, Johnny, only it seems pointless to deny what we are.’
‘Well I don’t want to be dead thank you very much.’
‘Neither do I, Johnny. But I don’t think either of us was offered a choice.’
‘Both of us dying on the same night. That’s got to be a turn up for the books, hasn’t it, Cutter?’
‘Johnny, what we do now?’
‘You never think, Cutter. That was always your weakness. But … But, I guess it’s no longer an option for me not to face up to it.’
‘Sorry, Johnny.’
‘Don’t worry, Cutter. I think I knew all along. I just thought that if I didn’t admit it then it couldn’t be true. Being dead’s okay for you. You’re not leaving anyone behind. But I’ve Sandra to think about. I left her sleeping. She’ll wake to find my dead body cold beside her. What will she do?’
‘Oh, Johnny, you’ve no need to worry about Sandies she’ll cope. She’ll cry a lot; ‘specially at your funeral. She’ll be all in black and right tasty she’ll look too. And Johnny she’ll have Joyce besides her. And Joyce will be smiling because she’s got rid of you at last. With you dead Sandies will be worth a bob or two. Won’t she, Johnny? So you’ve no need to worry that she’ll be lonely. Johnny you remember Reg from the bookies? He always fancied her? I bet he’s sniffing around her before long. That’s if her mother doesn’t move in and frighten them all away. That’s it, Johnny, I bet that’s what happens. Joyce will move in with her within the month.’
‘Nah, Sandra and her don’t get on well.’
‘But, Johnny, didn’t they only ever argue over you? And, Johnny, now you’re out of the way don’t you think they’ll kiss and make up? I bet they do, Johnny. In fact I bet, Johnny, I bet that they’ll enjoy spending your nest egg; which if I remember rightly is very tidy? Johnny, are you sure it wasn’t her who killed you?’
‘Don’t you ever say that again, Cutter!’ 
As Johnny snaps he throws a punch that goes straight through Cutter yet somehow manages to throw Johnny off balance. He falls forward and stumbles before miraculously regaining an upright position from a gravity defying angle. 
‘Gosh that hurt,’ Johnny confesses. ‘No not hurt. I can’t feel anything physical. It’s that whooshing sound when the air parts all around me. It’s as if it doesn’t want to touch any part of me. I feel as if I don’t belong here and that the whole of nature abhors me.’
‘Johnny, nature doesn’t like a vacuum. You know that’s the only science I learnt with the Professor? I said, you remember, I said at the time, Johnny, I said that it wouldn’t come in any use that side of the grave. And I was right. Wasn’t I, Johnny? It wasn’t any use. Pity we had to die to prove me right. You know, Johnny, I had a hot date on Saturday. I guess she’ll get over me. They all do; and some sooner than other’s. The chicks have never hung around me for long. Not like you and Sandies. Johnny, you don’t mind me calling her Sandies, do you? I’ll stop if you don’t like it, Johnny. Johnny, you want me to stop? Only that’s how I always think of her; as Sandra in her bra and knickers. Just like the first time we saw her at Baring None. Remember that night Johnny? We was on stage and a guy poured his beer over her. She removed her top and we started playing the stripper. Sandies was a game girl. Wasn’t she, Johnny? As we started playing she starts to strip in time to the music. You remember, Johnny? I do. She was real good. It was obvious she’d stripped professionally. You remember?’
‘Must you?’
‘But, Johnny, I don’t mean no harm by it. I was only saying how good a stripper she was. She was down to her bra and knickers before Sid came over and stopped her. So to cut-a-long story short I always think of her as Sandra in her undies hence Sandies. You don’t mind me calling her by my pet name. Do you, Johnny? I don’t mean anything disrespectful. And I do like her. But I don’t want to upset you. You don’t mind. Do you, Johnny? You and she’s been together a long time. Haven’t you? How long you been together, Johnny? Must be; let me see? We was playing with Chemist Potion when you two first met. And we disbanded after that gig last Christmas when you and me got so drunk that Charlie refused to pay us. And you threw up over your uniform. You remember, Johnny? You must’ve been with her for over 15 months? It must be real love. What’s that like, Johnny, you and Sandies and real love?’
‘Cutter, for once live up to your name and cut your inane prattle.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. I like inane prattle. That one of them words Sandies made you learn. Okay, Johnny, don’t look through me like that. This is difficult for me as well you know. Besides, I was only saying -.’
‘Cutter, we’re both dead. I’ve never been dead before and all you can do is prattle on.’
‘I’m sorry, Johnny. Only you would say. Wouldn’t you, Johnny. You’d say if you didn’t like me using my pet name for your woman. Wouldn’t you say so, Johnny?’
‘Just shut it and let me think.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. But I don’t like being in here with that. Johnny, can we go somewhere else? Or, Johnny, can we cover it up?’
‘Cutter, that’s your own body that you’re disgusted by.’
‘I know. But I don’t like it lying there reminding me. Johnny, let’s go somewhere else, anywhere. You say where and we’ll go, please, Johnny?’
‘Sure. You know I thought dead people just laid down and stayed put. If all the dead people are roaming around there won’t be any room for the living. Besides, have you seen any other dead people? Other than me and you?
‘No, Johnny, then again I haven’t left the flat. There may be streets full of them out there? Can we go and look, Johnny? We could go back to your place and see if Sandies has woken up and found you yet.’
‘No, she hasn’t. I’d know if she had. We have that type of bond. She knows what I need and when I need it. Bonds like that are too strong to be broken; even by death. No-! I can’t go back. How could I watch the woman I love in so much pain and not be able to help her? I couldn’t do that, Cutter. Could I?’
‘Only one way to find out, Johnny?’
‘No. I reckon that me and you have been kept like this for a reason. We need to find out why and then negotiate terms.’
‘You’re normally right, Johnny. But what can we do like this?’
‘I don’t know. All I know’s is that I woke up and knew I’d to come here. So I did. I saw you being murdered. So that’s why I was sent here. And as the voice isn’t telling me where to go next we’ll just have to stay put.’
‘Must we, Johnny?’
‘Yes. Until I get clear instructions where they want me to go next.’
‘And, Johnny, you get these clear instructions from voices you hear in your head? Is that right, Johnny?’
‘I have up to now. I get this desire to go someplace and I go.’
‘It’s a good job you sleep with your pants on, Johnny. I’d have thought that you’d have slept in the buff; what with the sexy Sandies lying next to you?’
‘Now that’s wicked. Leave the world as I entered starkers. I could fancy that. Drifting around the streets in the buff with no one to stop me. I could push my old-man in the faces of all those stuck up spinsters. And they’d never know what it was.’
‘Johnny, can you make physical contact?’
‘I can dream.’
‘Of waving your old-man at strangers in the street when you’ve got Sandies at home. Seems odd to me, Johnny. But you’re normally right.’
‘So, Cutter, why you dressed for work?’
‘Actually I just got back from a … Sorry, Johnny. I’ve just done a gig with Prick the Fingers. They didn’t need a drummer or I’d have told you. Really I would. I would. Johnny, you know I would. Don’t you, Johnny? To cut-a –.’
‘I know, to cut a long story short. But just this once, Cutter, cut the whole story and just give me the facts.’
‘Their bass player was stoned and they needed someone urgently. I guess mine was the first name they came up with. Lucky for them I’d previously decided to take the night off.’
‘We’re dead, Cutter, your lies don’t work. They were desperate and you was the only bass player available at such short notice. They must have been ‘phoning round all night. Is that it, Cutter? Face it mate; yours was the last name on a very long list?’
‘There may be some truth in that, Johnny.’
‘Don’t worry, Mate, at least they did actually get round to calling you. Even if your name represented their last hope. My ‘phone’s not rung for months. Well not with offers of work it hasn’t. And it’s not going to ring for me ever again, is it? The big break, the dolls, the cars, the fame, the fortune, they won’t come knocking on my door now, will they?’
‘Mickey said I’d played really good tonight, Johnny. He said he’d use me again. The next time he needs an additional or replacement bass player.’
‘Was that all he said? You’ve not had a gig for months then you play one set and you’re right back up there. Are you sure he didn’t say anything else?’
‘He said I’d to keep off the juice, Johnny. And I will now, Johnny. I will now I’ve something to aim for.’
‘I guess that’s not the only reason you’ll lay off the juice. You’re dead, Cutter, and I don’t think they serve booze; especially where we’re going.’
‘You really expect the worst for us, Johnny?’
‘Don’t you?’
‘I guess. You know what, Johnny, it’s a good job I won’t be needing that tux again; it’s ruined. I’m glad I’ll look as if I had money when they find me. I always liked me in a tux. I think I look good. Don’t you think so, Johnny?’
‘Look good? What with your brains all over the place and just look at that mess. I’m just glad you can’t smell when you’re dead. Come on I have an urge. I don’t know why but I’ve a need to see Sandra and tell her I love her.’


Chapter Three

So, Dear Reader, we’re now back in the same flat in which this story began. Johnny and Cutter have drifted in on a breeze and are stood with their backs to the window. Johnny’s in shock. He sinks slowly onto the edge of an overstuffed leather chair that stands in the bay window. As normal for the chair it’s covered with all the clothes that Johnny discarded, last night and others, before climbing into bed. 
Johnny and Cutter are watching Sandra. Her slim five-five frame’s kneeling on the bed clutching the dead body of her boyfriend to her bosom. She’s crying loudly and rocking him to and fro in her slender arms. Her long, dyed blonde hair falls straight over her face and hides her blue eyes which are red, swollen and sore. Her perfectly manicured fingers dig deep into the cold flesh of Johnny Bee. It’s almost as if, she believes that, the very act of causing him pain will give him back life. 
Kneeling on the bed and cradling her dead lover her baby doll nightdress, black see through and edged with red lace, ends where her thighs disappear under her bottom. The flimsy material is unfastened from throat to navel and barely covers her ample bosom so breast and nipple expose themselves with almost every movement she makes. Raucous sobbing sounds escape from behind a curtain of thick hair as her head shakes wildly from side to side.
‘Johnny, don’t you think you should get her to call the police?’ Cutter asks walking over towards the bed and looking at the matching knickers he can see lying on the floor. ‘Johnny, did she take them off or did you?’
‘What’s it to you?’ Johnny snaps throwing himself further back into the chair. ‘She’s suffering. I’m helpless. My own Barb Doll and I can’t help her.’
‘But that’s an improvement, Johnny. When you were first dead -. Don’t you remember, Johnny, you couldn’t sit down at all? And now look at you, Johnny, sitting in the chair as if you’re still alive.’
‘Sure, great, whoopee,’ he replies without feeing and without taking his eyes off Sandra.
‘You should tell her to call the police, Johnny, before she destroys all the evidence,’ Cutter advises. Only this time, as he speaks, he sits on the edge of the bed. ‘Look, Johnny, I can sit down as well, Johnny. I guess being dead’s much like being alive. What you say, Johnny?’
‘What? Get off that bed.’
‘I was asking if you think being alive’s like being dead? Don’t you think, Johnny, we’ll continue to learn the longer we’re dead? Then, Johnny, the more we’ll be able to do. That’ll be good, won’t it?’
‘Cutter, you kill me at times. You know that? You really do. It’s good being dead, is it?’
‘No, Johnny. I didn’t mean that.’
‘Look at her. I’ve lost that and you’re telling me how good it is. Cutter you really do. You really do kill me.’
‘Sure, Johnny, I can see no man would want to leave her, Johnny. Not Sandies. Not her, Johnny. Only, Johnny, all I’m saying is that we can do things now that we couldn’t do when we was first dead. You can see that’s progress. Can’t you, Johnny? I wonder if I can make those noises like you can, Johnny. You think I should try? Would you like me to try, Johnny? I will if you want me to.’
‘Don’t try anything. And get from between me and Sandra. That’s my woman and she’s suffering because I’m dead. And I’ll not have you, or anyone else, frightening her. I told you, Cutter, get out of the way! Stand over there by the door. In fact what the hell are you doing here at all?’
‘Look, Johnny, you and me, we must stick together. We’re both dead and besides it was you who came to find me. Remember, Johnny? And it was you who brought me back here. Remember, Johnny? We saw no other ghosts on our way over here. Did we, Johnny? So, it’s just you and me, Johnny. So, we’ve to stick together, Johnny. What if I stand, here, by your side? That okay?’
‘I guess it’ll have to do. Can’t you turn your back or something? She wouldn’t like it if she knew you was watching her.’
‘Sandies don’t mind, Johnny. She likes to have people watch her.’
‘How long do you think she’s been doing that for?’
‘Who can say, Johnny? Long time looking at the stains on her face.’
‘How long do you think she’ll keep it up for?’
‘She’ll tire herself out soon, Johnny. You’ll see. Take my word for it. She’ll tire and fall asleep. Not long to wait now, Johnny. Not long at all.’
‘She can’t sleep for too long. She’s got a photo shoot at ten. They won’t want her if she’s got red-eyes.’
‘Who’s the shoot for?’
‘BBB’.
‘Triple B! Wow that’s good, Johnny. That’s real good! And to think I know someone who’s doing a shot for them. I dare say she’ll be good for their circulation, Johnny. She’ll be very, very good for them. Don’t you think so, Johnny?’
‘She was pleased when they asked her to pose. And so was I. I was proud of her. And she won’t want to make a mess of it. I wish she’d dry her eyes and get some sleep. She needs to sleep to be ready for the shoot.’
‘They won’t mind her eyes, Johnny. You don’t read Big Bouncy and Bare for the eyes. Not when you can have them on full view.’
‘They called her last week. She was convinced it was going to be the start of a whole new career.’
‘Was she tired of the lap dancing then, Johnny? Or was that you put a stop to it? I know some of the men didn’t like the “no touching” rule and some of the girls ignored it. That’s if the punters had enough cash they did. Well you can touch a magazine centre-fold whenever you want. And that’s a fact, Johnny. You know Triple B’s my favourite mag. Pity I’ll miss seeing her. You know how she was going to pose? That’s something. Don’t you think, Johnny? Just look at them! She’s got such good boobs I bet she’s on the cover soon, Johnny. Now that’s something a man could be proud of. Don’t you think so, Johnny? Your own woman on the cover of Triple B?’
‘Don’t talk about her like that. What you looking at? I told you to turn around.’
‘Come on, Johnny, what size are they? Are they home grown or doctor-doctored? I bet that pole had to be reinforced when she turned upside down on it, Johnny. Did it, Johnny, did it? I bet it did.’
‘Can you keep your dead eyes off my woman? She’s in distress and don’t need you lusting after her. Besides you couldn’t do anything about it.’
‘Who says such things about me? I could, Johnny. I’ve made many women happy in bed. I have, Johnny, I really have.’
‘I say it because whatever you did is past. You’re dead. And dead men don’t have sex with living dolls. Besides, can’t you think of anything else but imaginary sex? She’s upset. You know she must have been rocking me like that for hours.’
‘I’d say, by the look of her, for at least half an hour. Johnny, don’t you agree? Look at the clock it’s five a m. I let The Gun in just before four. He didn’t waste time doing the deed. I guess she must have woken shortly after you left. See how the sobs are subsiding as she’s growing weaker, Johnny?’
‘Can we get her any help?’
‘I’m new to being dead, Johnny. I don’t know what we can and can’t do. Is anyone due here today, Johnny? Did you arrange for a friend, the cleaner, or was Joyce due to call? ’
‘The only visitor I knew about was going to be you. You were due here at five to take me to the airport. I guess you’ll not be turning up for that appointment either. Unreliable to the end; that’s you.’
‘That’s unfair, Johnny. I’m here and on time. And if I can say it; you’re not exactly in a state to be called for, Johnny. So don’t try and blame all this on me.’ Cutter walks back towards the bed. He tries to look at the body of his friend, ‘Johnny,’ he asks, ‘do you know why you’re dead?’
‘No,’ Johnny replies not looking up.
‘Not natural causes then. But I can’t see …’ Cutter cranes his neck and tries to get between Sandra and the body she’s clinging to.
‘Get away from there!’ Johnny yells standing up and glowering at Cutter. ‘Don’t get that close to my woman.’
‘Ex woman,’ Cutter reminds him, truthfully if a little unsympathetically. ‘What you going to do about it, Johnny? You were always the one with the ideas.’
‘Shush. She’s dropping off. Look how she’s clinging to my cold body as if her will power alone will bring me back to life. Her hands are white from squeezing me. And the sheets wet from her tears. Look at how tenderly she’s holding me to her bosom?’
‘And if you weren’t dead already, Johnny, what with the way she’s placed your head between her boobs you’d suffocate. Nice way to go. Eh, Johnny?’
‘How can you be so cold? Can’t you see she’s suffering?’
‘Just look at that! Can you see, Johnny! You’re flat on your back and she’s sprawled across you with her boobs surrounding your face and the weight of her body pushing them into every facial orifice? Johnny, Johnny Bee, you lucky sod. What a way to go?’
‘Stop this.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. But honestly you know, Johnny, I always envied you. I always thought she was a stunner. But at the moment, Johnny, even Sandies isn’t a pretty sight. Well not from above the boobs. But, Johnny, they’re a sight; even for a dead man. Get her to roll onto her back once more so I can have another look. Please, Johnny.’
‘That’s my woman. Will you shut up about her body? She’s upset, and I’m a little upset as well. Do you mind? Besides what are you doing in my bedroom watching my woman and making suggestive remarks? She’s not hired out for your private gratification.’
‘But, Johnny, if you allow her to poses for Triple B she’ll be available for everyone’s private gratification. I guess the naked widow in see-through black, resting by a coffin would be a great pose for Triple B. She’d look tasty, right tasty, Johnny. But, Johnny, is that what you really want for your grieving widow. Is it, Johnny?’
‘If it’s what she wants for herself; then that all that counts.’
‘But, Johnny, she’ll be joining us if she’s doesn’t get some rest. Can’t you do something to lull her to sleep, Johnny?’ 
‘Like what? Sing her a lullaby? I’m sitting here watching my woman suffer and feeling more wretched that I’ve ever felt in my whole life. And you want me to sing rock-a-bye baby! Well thanks for the advice, Pal. That type of advice I can do without.’
‘No, Johnny, no. Please don’t get mad at me, Johnny. Not tonight. Not tonight of all nights, Johnny. This has been a shocking night for all of us. So we must stay together, Johnny. And I was only asking if we could do anything to get her back to sleep? She’s time for a couple of hours before she’s to get ready for the shoot. Can’t we do anything, Johnny? Anything at all that would help her? Johnny, shall we try and hum a soothing tune? She always liked the opening of that Beethoven piece. Now what was it? Don’t you remember, Johnny? You had the violinist at that posh restaurant play it for her the night you took us all out for dinner. You must remember, Johnny. It was real special.’
‘Gosh, that seems a life time away.’
‘It was, Johnny. It is.’
‘It was the fifth month we’d been together.’
‘Did she forgive you for forgetting her birthday, Johnny?’
‘It was rather special. To make up for that. She was twenty four and I went to a lot of trouble.’
‘You did that, Johnny. You really did. Booked the whole restaurant and filled it with all her friends.’
‘And I got her a full orchestra, Cutter. Don’t forget about all those musicians. And they were proper professionals. Not the crap we normally play with.’
‘Yes, Johnny, you got her a good selection of musicians. It was good that you knew someone at the Music School. Wasn’t it, Johnny? But as you said, Johnny, they were very good … for their age. Not the traditional Beethoven orchestra. Was that what you wanted, Johnny? But perhaps it didn’t matter. It would have been close enough for Sandies? She was impressed, Johnny. I could tell that even from where I was sitting towards the back of the room.’
‘Sorry about that, Cutter. Only it was her party and she wanted her friends close by. If it had been up to me you’d have been on the top table. Still it was a good night.’
‘So, Johnny, could we hum the tune she asked them to play?’
‘I can’t remember it.’ 
‘Sure you can, Johnny. Sure you can. It goes like this.’ 
Ever so softly, in a tunefully resonant tenor voice, Cutter starts to hum the opening bars of the Pastoral Symphony from the Messiah by Handel. As Johnny adds his, slightly off-key, baritone the air’s filled with music from the grave. 
Sandra ceases her rocking and turns her face towards the window. She listens as tears once again spill over her lashes before cascading down her face. She’s unsure what the sound is. It’s almost a tune she can recognise. Yet at the same time it’s a sound unlike any other she’s ever heard. She falls back on her pillows. Her eyes close and the name “My Johnny” rests on her lips. Slowly, slowly her breathing deepens as she drifts into an exhausted sleep.
‘Look she’s falling asleep and still holding onto me. I must be stone cold by now.’
‘Shouldn’t we try and help her, Johnny?’
‘We’ve sung her to sleep; isn’t that enough?’
‘Johnny, I mean real help.’
‘We can perform duets. I can make water noises. We can glide in and out of windows. But I fail to see how any of this can be of any real help to her.’
‘You always was the clever one, Johnny. I can’t do any of those things.’
‘You can sit down. I couldn’t do that when I was newly dead.’
‘I can’t make those noises you can, Johnny. Perhaps they only come when you’ve been dead for as long as you have. How long have you been dead for, Johnny?’
‘I don’t know. Why don’t you go and check on your own body? I’m going to sit here and make sure she comes to no harm. Make sure that when you’re discovered the cops know to test the water in the loo.’
‘That’s good advice, Johnny. But how do I do that?’
‘I don’t know. Write an anonymous letter. I’m not the expert at being dead.’
‘But, Johnny, you always was the expert.’
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Johnny, you know you always had to be the expert at everything. You only had to try something once and you were an instant expert.’
‘I’m just a quick learner.’
‘Okay, Johnny, have it your own way. But, Johnny, remember that time we took my nephews stock-car racing? From the moment you got in the car you know everything there was to know about racing and winning.’
‘My team won.’
‘We were racing five and four year olds, Johnny! Just little kids. You frightened them and they refused to play. And how about when we took up ice skating, Johnny? Remember that, Johnny? I do. You threw yourself onto the ice and knocked into those people who you claimed had deliberately got in your way. And Johnny, what about –.’
‘My woman’s sleeping with my dead body in her arms and all you want to do is to rake up the past. Go and find something useful to do.’
‘But, Johnny, you always did have to be the expert.’
‘Perhaps when I was alive I may have had that tendency. But I admit I’m not much of an expert now. I’m shocked and as useless as you are.’
‘So, Johnny, you don’t know how we communicate with the living world?’
‘No.’
‘And when I’m gone, Johnny, promise me you’re not going to talk to Sandra and have her talk to you.’
‘Just go.’
‘You want me to leave you, Johnny?’
‘Yes. There’s only one person I want to be with right now. And she’s over there sleeping. Sleeping with my corpse in her arms. So shut up and leave me to watch over her.’
‘Johnny! We’ve got this all wrong. We’re thinking too much about the living. We’ll have to talk to dead people from now on. Won’t we, Johnny? In fact they’ll be the only people we can talk to. I hadn’t thought about that, until now. And now I have. I admit, Johnny, I don’t like the sound of it. Do you, Johnny?’
‘Go away, Cutter. I need to be alone. I can’t think with all your talking. I’m dead too; and I don’t know what to do.’
‘That’s not normal, Johnny. Not for you not to know what to do. You always knew what to do, Johnny. I’ve always relied on your advice, Johnny.’
‘I thought when you died that’s it. You’re dead. I didn’t expect to be gliding around the place, having to watch my woman suffer, or see my friend being killed in front of me. And shot by a bullet that went straight through me. Shot by a man who didn’t even see me standing right in front of him. I guess it’s a lot to take in before breakfast.’
‘Am I your friend, Johnny? That’s what you just called me, friend.’
‘Only if you leave me and Sandra alone.’
‘I don’t mind going as long as I know how we’ll meet up again. I don’t want to sound soppy, Johnny, but this being dead thing’s quite scary. I’d like to have your company when the great choir sings and we get judged. Johnny, you think we’ll get sent down?’
‘Sent down? This ain’t a trip to the Scrubs? We’re dead and the only down we’ll get sent to is eternity in the flaming pits of hell.’
‘I was afraid you’d say that, Johnny. You see I don’t want to go there alone, Johnny. Not if I can help it.’
‘And I don’t want to go there at all. You see, my Sandra there, she’ll go to heaven.’
‘You’re right there, Johnny. God’s a man and he’d want all that female beauty around him. Won’t he, Johnny?’
‘Whatever she’ll go up and I’ll go down. So this is the last chance I’ll have to look on her beautiful face -.’
‘And her big boobs.’
‘Will you shut up about my Sandra’s boobs? Get out and leave me.’ 
He stops talking and glides over to the bed. His hands rest gently on his hips as he lowers himself onto the covers. His body settles on the mattress; which supports him without indentation. 
‘I love you, Sandra,’ Johnny whispers placing his hands in the air above her head.
Instantly the words leave his mouth Sandra sits up and looks straight through him. Her eyes, swollen and red stare into space. Her fingers sink deeper and deeper into the dead flesh of her lover. She turns away and looks at the body that’s lying perfectly still on the mattress. In a tone of pure pain she speaks softly. Her south London accent almost undetectable through her pain.
‘You’re not here not anymore, Johnny, lover. And you’re not coming back. I guess I’ll have to get used to it. Move on. There’ll be other men. Perhaps my career with BBB will take off and I’d have found you to be…’ 
She stops talking, removes her hands from the body, looks at them and then shivers. Her whole body shakes as she reaches for a towelling robe; the one that, in life, Johnny had always used. The same robe that only last night he’d taken off and thrown over the chair before climbing into bed and surrendering his body to her embrace. 
‘Stop her, Johnny, she’s covering up and I was enjoying that.’
‘Stop her yourself. Did you hear what she’s ‘bout to say? She’s already looking for a new man and my body’s still in her bed. The slut. If only I could.’ He takes a deep breath.
‘I heard shock makes people say things they don’t really mean, Johnny. Don’t you think she’s in shock?’
‘I guess you could be right.’
‘I hear it makes some people act that way. They have to pretend they’re not hurting. Don’t you think she’s just putting on a brave face, Johnny? You can tell she really loves you. Johnny, you’ve no need to be angry with her. She’s hurting all right. You can see it in her eyes. You can see it for yourself. Can’t you, Johnny?’
‘Police.’ Sandra asks after calling them. ‘Police please. I need to report a sudden death.’ She gives the details with a measured calmness that provides clarity without emotion. Johnny stands at her shoulder throughout the call.
‘That’s my woman,’ he says as Sandra hangs up before walking towards the bathroom.
‘How come all the living people round you want to pee all the time?’ Cutter asks gliding out of the bathroom and coming to rest beside Johnny.
‘You’ve been in the loo with my woman? Are you sick or something?’
‘If that something’s dead, Johnny, then yes, I’m in the latter category.’
‘You went to watch my woman pee. That’s sick.’
‘No, Johnny. Not to see her pee. I thought she was going to shower.’
‘That’s even worse.’
‘Besides, she’s not your woman any longer, Johnny. You heard her yourself. She back on the game –.’
‘That was just a vicious rumour put around by the club to try and entice more punters.’
‘No, Johnny, no. I didn’t mean that type of game. I meant the dating game. Johnny, only innocent dating. I wasn’t suggesting anything else. Not your Sandies. No, Johnny. She’d not do that. Not her. Besides, with your money, she’ll not need to.’
‘You’d better get this clear, Cutter. She was never on the game. Sure she danced at my club and made good money. Men watched her performance. But that was all it was. No touching, no special tricks and there was never any sex with any one. ‘Cept me. All those stories were made up. And I’ll kill anyone who tries to cast doubt on her reputation again.’
‘Johnny, isn’t it a bit late to be threatening people who still have life to lose?’
‘Just you watch it or you’ll be going to hell alone. I need to talk to her. How do you communicate across the life-death bridge?’
‘Is this a good time to try to talk to her, Johnny? Aren’t you a little annoyed - ?’ 
The sound of Sandra singing and running water stops him in mid flow. He looks towards the bathroom and then turns towards Johnny. 
‘I’d like to watch, Johnny? It may be the last time I get to see a real woman. Can I go and watch, Johnny, please? ’
‘No. Stop lusting after my woman and help me think. We need to find out how we can talk to her. How do the dead and the living talk to each other?
‘That gig we did at High Meadows Holiday Park. The one where -.’
‘Okay, I admit it. I fell off stage because I was pissed. But that was all before I met Sandra. I admit I was wild in those days. She calmed me down and sorted me out. So what about it? If I remember rightly it was a dump and we went on between a magician and a female singer who, I’m sure, was a guy dressed as a tart.’
‘I spoke to her after the show, Johnny. She was very nice. She told me she lives in the country with her old mum. Johnny, she was just a tall lady.’
‘Come off it. She had a five o’clock shadow, size fifty shoes and boobs that stuck out at right angles. You may not have been that close to the body of a real woman, Cutter. So take my word for it. When they get to that size they just don’t stick out like that.’ 
‘She was good, Johnny. Hit top C in that last number. You know any men, even ones who’ve had the “chop” down there, who can do that, Johnny?’
‘Why we talking about it?’
‘Because we didn’t follow a Magician, Johnny. We followed a Medium.’
‘Magician, medium, it’s all the same. Some woman doing impossible things by flashing too much boob so you don’t actually look too carefully at what it is that she’s doing with her hands.’
‘No, Johnny, no. She wasn’t. She was a Medium and they talk to dead people. Remember, Johnny, how she said she had a spirit guide. A little girl. And she said that the ghosts of friends and family were all around us? Don’t you remember, Johnny?’
‘You’re right. Some of the people in the room actually said they recognised some of the characters she invented.’
‘Perhaps she didn’t invent them, Johnny? Perhaps they were for real. Or dead real. If you get my meaning, Johnny?’
‘You mean they were the ghosts of real dead people? And you accused her of scaring most of our audience away. Just because a few of them left in tears after her act.’
‘But, Johnny, I thought it was you who accused her of that? I was impressed with her. And not only with her boobs, Johnny. In fact she gave me her card. I’ve still got it, back at the flat.’
‘So we could find it and make contact with her?’ 
‘Sure, Johnny, sure we could. Or I could go and pick it up. Meet you back here; if you want some time to be alone with Sandies, Johnny?’
‘All of a sudden you’re sensitive to my needs. Too late, Mate. We need to be out of here. I don’t want to be around when the police take my body away. Besides …’ he trails off.
Cutter finishes his sentence for him, ‘Why’s she showering? Shouldn’t she be trying to retain as much evidence as possible to help the police with their enquiries?’
‘She’ll have her reasons. Come on. Let’s see if your body’s been discovered.’


Chapter Four

Dear Reader, this chapter of our story opens in the cramped, but homely, confides of a narrow boat called Esmeralda. Esme, as she’s known to her owner, is moored on an unpopular stretch of the Grand Union canal. 
The day is just considering dressing. Her pink and gold morning fingers have not yet penetrated into the consciousness of the outside world. Yet aided by electricity, supplied from the engine, Esme is filled with a man-made light that’s brought the new day early into its owner’s dull life. 
The normal morning sounds fill the narrow confines of the boat. The singing kettle, the soaping of arm pits, the radio offering news, views and comments on that news softly competing to be heard over the shower water as it drains into the ballast tank. Then the sound changes from one of soaping and scrubbing to one of flabby thighs being briskly rubbed followed by the hurried dressing of a large body in natural fibres.
In the comfort of the galley kitchen Beverley Berkshire, his six foot six solid frame covered in an all-cotton home died Egyptian galabias, combs his thinning hair before slipping a brown rubber band over his few remaining strands. As he tosses his shoulder length straggly pony tail over his shoulder he admires his refection, as it’s captured, in the side of his stainless steel kettle. 
He actually likes the purple colour he’s achieved on his hair. He’s decided that it’s not too deep and not too light. He feels it accentuates the grey of his eyes and gives him a traditional wizard like appearance. He is disappointed that the hair dye has stained his favourite white towel. But his business hasn’t taken off as well as he’d first hoped. So he’s not about to squander any more of his redundancy payment to have his hair dyed by a professional hairdresser. He smiles at his reflection as he justifies, to himself, that a ruined towel’s a small price to pay for this stunning new look.
He picks up a generously filled glass mug, that up to now’s been hidden by the kettle, and then slowly manoeuvres his body towards the back of the boat and up the three stern steps. While he is large for his height, he is not actually as large as the narrow boat makes him look or feel.
He climbs on deck, the mug held tightly in his left hand. He uses his right hand to grab the running rail and steady his progress as he makes his way to the front of the boat. He walks slowly along the outside ledge. His progress is measured, rhythmical and obviously practiced. A faint green-yellow tint, from the herbal tea, shows through the etched sides of the glass mug as its contents swirl around with the motion of his movement.
The morning mist hangs on the silence of the air. The wildlife’s still asleep. The sun’s warming rays have not yet penetrated their conscious and awakened them to this, what will shortly become, a bright new day. 
Once securely positioned, at the front of the boat, Beverley stands on tip toes and stretches his arms in the general direction to where the sun will be; when it eventually manages to penetrate the dark rain cloud that appears to be permanently stationary over his narrow boat home. 
‘For this day,’ he says aloud in a thin, weedy voice, ‘thank you. And for all the souls who did not wake to this glorious day I say welcome to you. Welcome each and every one of you to my world. Don’t stay away. Don’t be afraid by what has happened to you. For I tell you this. What has happened to you this day is powerful. It is the journey we’re all destined to make. Don’t be embarrassed to seek me out. I’m happy to serve in any way I can.’
A murmuration of starlings rise, as one, and fill the still air with the beating of their wings and their loud callings, back and forth, to each other. Robins, larks, chaffinches and even tiny wrens respond with their own, equally noisy, chattering as they protectively circle their own nests in response to the commotion. 
Beverley accepts their startled flight as evidence of the personal greetings that are being sent for him from the other side. 
‘I welcome your visitations,’ he adds. ‘In whatever form you wish to take and are comfortable with. I await your command,’ he intones. Still standing on tip toes he strains to raise both his hands high into the air as the mug swings gently between his forefinger and thumb. 
Slowly he lowers his arms, places his heels back on the boat deck and then takes a small and final sip of his herbal tea. Kneeling on the wooden bench, which runs along both sides of the prow, he bends, reaches down towards the water and slowly pours the remaining contents of his mug over the side. He watches transfixed as the pale colour mingles with the dark brown of the canal waters. Only for a second or so is it able to protect its own identity; it's a mere instant before it loses its individuality forever.
‘I join my life blood with yours,’ he intones as the river and his refreshment flow away together. ‘My morning ritual complete. I prepare myself for the day ahead.’ He looks out over the waters into the mist. ‘I wonder who of you will be the first to seek out my services.’ 
Beverley passes his empty mug into his left hand. With his right hand he reaches into a pocket inside his galabias for the key that will open the lock that secures the two French Windows that lead to the front cabin. The lock opened he releases first one door, then he takes a deep breath, before slowly releasing the second. Then, using the brass cabin hooks that he himself fitted for this very purpose, he fastens both of them wide open. He looks at the doors. A smile of pleasure lights his eyes as he thinks of the transformation he’s made to Esme simply by replacing the old front wooden doors with these glass French Windows. He enters the front cabin, places his mug on the window ledge and then turns to look along the tow path. 
His professional smile is fixed to his lips. He uses his bum to locate the conveniently placed Captains Chair. He likes to keep both eyes focused along the tow path. He likes to catch sight of any potential client before they see him. As his bum makes contact with a cushion, and with him still looking straight ahead, he flops down; his frame easily fills the seat. A seat positioned, deliberately, to allow maximum view through the open door way. 
‘Johnny, he’s not very good, is he? You think he’s any good, Johnny? I don’t. And, Johnny, why does he call himself a clairvoyant if he doesn’t even know we’re here? Johnny, shouldn’t we leave. Go find that woman we was on stage with? Johnny, she was good. She’d know we was visiting her.’
‘Shut up about that woman. I’m not going to use no lady-boy.’
‘No, Johnny, no. She wasn’t no lady-boy. She would -.’
‘Shut up. I’ve made my mind up. He’s the closest thing I have and he’s my last chance to contact Sandra and tell her what’s happened to me.’
‘To you, Johnny? Only you, Johnny?’
‘I’ll mention you; if she asks. But she’ll want to know about me.’
‘Johnny, is that wise? Especially, Johnny, as you don’t really know what happened yourself?’
‘Then he can help find out why I died. Look on the table behind him. He’s got a paper and it’s open on the obits.’
‘Let me see, Johnny, I’ve always wanted to see my name in print. Are we both in there, Johnny?’
‘Don’t push me! There’s time for us both of us to look. Stop shoving, will you? For a ghost you don’t half have some muscle power. Okay, I give up. You look for both of us. Have you found us yet?’
‘I’ve found yours, Johnny, but not mine. I’m not on this page. Do you think they continue on another one?’
‘No. This is interesting.’
‘What, Johnny, what?’
‘You’re not here, Cutter. But just look at this. Harry the Hippo’s missing. Presumed dead. So he’s got it as well. So that’s you, me and Harry all dead. And all of us played with Chemist Potion. Don’t you think that’s strange?’
‘Are we all dead, Johnny? I didn’t know Trish, Charlie and Pete had died. How you find that out, Johnny? Was it recent? I guess I’ve been out of circulation for too long. Is that it, Johnny? I’m not around so I don’t get to hear the gossip. I guess that’s it. That’s right isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘Who said they were dead? I didn’t. They’re alive and well.’
‘So, Johnny, it’s actually only three, out of six, of us that’s actually dead. Johnny, you think our murders have something to do with the old group?’
‘Well we all got it around the same time. And that’s just too close for coincidence. It doesn’t happen like that, not in my book.’
‘You may be right, Johnny, you may be right. You think it was a music lover? If we’re honest, Johnny, we weren’t that good. Were we, Johnny?’
‘I was great. The rest of you lacked my star quality. But that’s beside the point. I don’t know if our deaths are related. That’s what I aim to find out. And I think Houdini over there’s our only option.’
‘Johnny, you said my name’s not there. Are you sure? Take another look, Johnny, please. I can’t look. Johnny, please tell me I’ve been found?’
‘It’s not here I tell you!’
‘You know what that means, Johnny? That must mean I’ve not been found. Oh, Johnny. Perhaps I’ve been found, and -!’ Cutter stops his self-pitying whine as another, an altogether more attractive, solutions presents itself to him. With excitement in his voice he asks, ‘Johnny, you think that means my death’s been reported on the front page? You know the type of headline; local musician found murdered. Don’t you think, Johnny, that that would make a good headline?’
‘Sure in a slow news week.’
‘Well I think it would. And if you think about it, I’m sure you would as well. Isn’t that right, Johnny? Perhaps that’s it. Perhaps I’m on the front page. Can you make the pages turn over, Johnny, so we can take a look?’
‘You know I can’t physically move things,’ Johnny snaps. Then after seeing the hurt expression, on his friends face, he softens and adds, ‘You may be on the front page. Or you may have been in the previous night’s report. Or perhaps you’re due in the next one. I don’t know.’
‘Oh, Johnny, what if I’ve not been found? I’d go back and have a look but it’s a bit spooky watching your own body rot. Well it spooked me. And I really don’t want to go back, Johnny. Not if I can help it, Johnny. But if you think we need to … Then I’ll just have to. Unless, you’d do it for me? Would you do that for me, Johnny?’
‘Do what? Cutter, I can’t keep up with your ramblings. It’s doing my head in.’
‘Would you go and see if my body’s been discovered? Will you, Johnny, will you go and see for me?’
‘Cutter, you kill me. No I won’t. I don’t want to look at another dead body, thanks.’
‘But it’s not your body, Johnny, so you’d not have the same reaction to it as I have.’
‘I’m not going back there. Shut up about yourself and take a look at this. It says here that I died of natural causes. Natural Causes? Since when was someone pumping your arm full of stuff a natural cause?’
‘You think, Johnny –.’
‘I don’t know what I think. Look, how can we get fatso to notice us?’
‘Johnny, why you want to use a Medium that can’t see two ghosts in his own living room? Don’t you think we’re wasting time, Johnny? I know I do.’
‘If I remember, correctly, in eternity the one thing there’s a lot of to waste is time. I’m sitting right here until he notices us, or dies, whichever comes first. And looking at the colour of his face I’m not so sure which it’ll be.’
‘It’s hair dye, Johnny. You can’t think that’s his natural colour. Can you, Johnny? No one’s hair's that colour, Johnny. No one. No, it’s dyed. And, Johnny, it’s a cheap dye at that. Besides he’s used too much of it. The sink’s covered with the stuff. And it’s stained his scalp, and …,’ Cutter pauses as he walks over to Beverley and points at his hair. ‘Look, Johnny, don’t you think he’s applied it too thickly round the roots and on his bald spot where he’s attempted to cover it up? And look at this, Johnny, he’s combed his few remaining strands across his scalp. As if that would fool anyone, Johnny? Isn’t he silly, Johnny? Because he’s not fooling anyone. Is he, Johnny?’
‘When did you become the expert hairdresser?’
‘See me!’ Cutter screams into Beverley’s face before softly addressing Johnny. ‘You remember my sister Joan. She has her own business and I listen when she talks? Or I did, Johnny. I’d go over there and baby-sit so she and Earl could have a night out without the kids. I’ll not be able to do that for them now. Will I, Johnny? She’ll have to find someone else.’
‘She did. And if the kids, you’re going on about, are the ones we took go-carting; then they’re teenagers by now and won’t want no old uncle cramping their style.’
‘Oh, Johnny, please let’s go. You said yourself he’s no good. Come on, let’s go and have some fun. Do some ghostly thing to young girls in their bedrooms. Wouldn’t you like that, Johnny?’
‘We don’t know how to haunt. We can’t even be seen by a clairvoyant! So what chance have we got of making an impact with impressionable girls? Besides you’re too dead for such things.’
‘I’ll be dead of boredom if I stay here much longer, Johnny. Is he really the best we can do? You remember that film Ghost? The clairvoyant in that film was fun. She was a real laugh. And good at her job,' he screams at Beverly. Then he turns back to Johnny to add, ‘That potting scene was pretty hot.’
‘That was the first film Sandra and I saw together. It was so suggestive; and on our first date. I was dead embarrassed. I wonder if she’ll find someone else?’
‘She’s young, pretty and…’ Cutter looks at his friend, ‘Johnny, don’t you think Sandies will remain true to your memory for longer than you’d have remained true to hers?’ 
‘She’d better. However long it is I hope I don’t see it. I wish this fat git would wake up and see us.’
‘Johnny, is there anything we can do to attract his attention?’
‘I can make sounds the living can hear, but not speech. Can you do anything yet?’
‘Not that I’m aware of. But I’ll try and make a cupboard door slam. Like in that film.’ Cutter glides over to the cupboard and stares at the door. He focuses his entire being on trying to open it. He fails.
‘Cutter, this is not a bloody film, we’re not stars, Sandra isn’t Demi Moore and he’s certainly no Whoopi Goldberg!’
‘Someone from the other side called?’ Beverley asks the vague rippling in the fabric of his universe that’s always his precursor to a visit from the other side. ‘Who do you seek? Feel free to speak for you are among friends?’
Johnny and Cutter, momentarily stunned by the thin, weedy voice, look at each other. Johnny shrugs his shoulders and Cutter stifles a giggle. They glide towards Beverly and simultaneously gesticulate into his unseeing eyes. They scream at the top of their voices. Only the sound doesn’t bridge the two worlds and so doesn’t penetrate Beverley’s reality.
‘You fat git,’ Johnny yells.
Cutter, less offensively adds, ‘We’re over here.’ 
‘I know I am not alone and that you are here with me. Can you make any sound that I’ll recognise? I understand that the ability to mimic earthly sounds is the first gift we receive as we pass over into the eternal sunshine of death. So speak to me in any way you can. I will hear and interpret what it is that you say.’
The sound of a mighty wave fills the cabin and causes panic in the breast of the living as well as the dead on board. Johnny and Cutter are picked up, by the sound waves, and tossed around the cabin. Beverley, with his greater bulk’s, is physically unmoved. 
‘Johnny, that was real good. But don’t you think that next time, in this space, something less loud would do? I was afraid, Johnny, and so was he. He almost shit himself. I think he’s afraid you’d capsize us,’ Cutter comments while his body recovers.
‘That’s a start,’ Beverly adds standing up and turning through a complete circle before returning his gaze to the tow path. ‘Actually it’s an impressive start, Spirit. Only, if I can I offer a word of advice to the newly deceased? You must start working on your soundscapes until you get your language skills. Which, judging by the effectiveness of your wave sound shouldn’t be too long now. I take it that you are newly deceased?’ 
He turns around and walks over to the newspaper that’s lying open on the table. The one that’s permanently open on the obituaries page. 
‘I will read aloud a list of names. When I get to yours make that watery sound so I know who I’m dealing with. Only when you do could you tone it down a notch or two? My heart isn’t what it once was. Okay, here we go with the list. And remember, when you hear your own name, make that water sound. Only, remember also, not quite as powerfully as the last time. Ben Leslie, no. Jennifer Ash, no. Peter Dukes, no. Graham, oh no, look here’s one with a water connection. I bet this one's you. Local sailor Johnny Bee -. Johnny Bee is that for real?’ 
The boat rocks from side to side as the sound of a wave crashing all around them is, once again, heard. 
‘Okay, stop it. Stop, please. I’ve got the message. It’s for real. It says here that Johnny Bee died in his sleep early on the morning of Monday 7th.’ 
The wave sound starts up once again until the oceans roar fills the cabin. 
‘Welcome, Johnny Bee. Good to know you.’ Beverley breaks off and sniggers at his own humour. Johnny and Cutter don’t join in. ‘I hope we can be informal and that I can call you Johnny? Or, it says here that your friends called you Jack. I guess you were called Jack after Jack Tar. It says here that you were a famous local sailor. I’ll call you Jack until you tell me otherwise.’
‘Was? Cutter, I hate this “was” business. I wish people would stop talking about me in the past tense. I’m still here.’
‘Of course you are, Johnny. We’re both still here. I can see you, Johnny, and you can see me. So we must be here. That stands to reason. Doesn’t it, Johnny? Look, Johnny, he’s opening his mouth to speak.’
‘Would you like me to call you Jack? You can think about it for now. Decide later; when we’ve got to know each other better. I gather you don’t believe you died of natural causes.’ 
Wave sounds, once again, are heard where there shouldn’t be any waves sounding or silent. 
‘And are you alone?’ Beverley asks.
The sound of a tinkling stream fills the air. 
‘No, please not that. We living creatures find that so hard to –. Damn, you’ll just have to excuse me.’ 
‘Johnny, where you think he’s rushed off to? And just when he got around to talking about me?’
‘The loo I guess. I reckon my water sounds could bring the whole country to a loo stop at the same time.’
‘Johnny, you think he’s for real? I mean I know we did some odd things when we was alive. But really, Johnny, is he for real?’
‘Him for real? Is any of this for real? You know what I think, Cutter?’
‘No, what you think, Johnny?’
‘I think I’m on a bad trip and when I wake up I’ll have Sandra asleep besides me and I’ll have the mother and father of a thumping hangover. That’s what I think.’
‘But, Johnny, you don’t really think we’re not dead. Do you, Johnny?’
‘Is this death? Okay so I’m dead. And when I’m dead I float around in my Y-fronts and make water sounds for a fat pretend wizard who dyes his hair in the kitchen sink!’ Johnny looks at the staining around the taps. ‘Shit, death stinks. And if this truly is death they can keep it.’
‘You know best, Johnny. But I think we’re really dead. And you know what, Johnny? I don’t think I’m going to wake up in the morning ever again. But what we going to do about him, Johnny?’
‘We’ve got to see this through, Cutter. He’s the only way I have of contacting Sandra. And for all his phoney appearance he did know we were here. And he’s talking to us.’
‘After a fashion, Johnny, after a fashion.’
‘So, what does it matter how he talks to us? Just as long as he does talk to us? And if he can talk to Sandra for me I’ll forgive him everything. Because that’s the one thing he can do that I can’t. And I really, really want to talk to her.’
‘If you think, Johnny, that he can make contact between you and Sandies then I think we should try -.’
‘Shush, he’s coming back.’
‘Now that’s better. I can see you both. Now, which of you is Jack and who’s this other Spirit?’
‘I am. This is my friend Cutter. I have come to you –.’
‘Your friend doesn’t say much. Was he mute in life?’
‘I can talk. Tell him, Johnny, tell him I talk.’
‘So it’s just the two of you is it?’ Beverley seeks clarification.
‘Yes. Can we get to the point?’ Johnny demands.
‘And which point is this?’ Beverley asks walking up to them.
‘Why we’re here,’ Johnny adds defiantly.
‘Oh, so you didn’t come here just to insult my hair colour, my appearance or my ability,’ Beverley notes before asking, ‘There is something you need from me, a man of limited ability, is there?’
‘Just our little joke. This being dead’s new to us. Isn’t it Cutter?’
‘Yes, Johnny. We’re very new to it. And it’s taking some getting used to. I can say. So he must forgive our occasional sick joke. Especially the ones at the expense of the living. Mustn’t he, Johnny?’
‘Yes, for our sick joke at the expense of the living, forgive us. Please?’
‘When you first arrived I was outside sharing my morning tea with the fishes. And you both flew in here as if you owned the place. I felt you pass. The air stirred around my face like the caress of gossamer webs that gently kiss but leave the features untouched. Oh yes, I knew you’d come aboard. I didn’t know why you’d come or what you wanted. I couldn’t see either of you until I came out of the toilet just now. But I knew you existed in your own world. That you’d come in search of my help. I knew you’d reach out to me when you were ready. So I sat down to afford you the opportunity to come to me in your own time. And that’s when the insults started. So I decided not to help.’
‘Johnny, have you heard that it’s a fool that listens to gossip? According to the old proverb they never hear anything good about themselves. Have you heard that as well, Johnny?’
‘That may be right, Cutter. Jack did say your name was Cutter, didn’t he?’
‘Only my friends get to call me that. And to cut-a long story short I don’t know why they do; but they do. But as you’re not a friend of mine you’d better call me Mr Music ‘cause that’s my stage name.’
‘Perhaps ex stage name would be more factual. And while I agree with your observations on gossip; your comments about me were rude, inaccurate and offensive. If I’d not vowed to help all distressed spirits I’d turn you both out right now! And without my help. But seeing you’re both newly deceased I’ll be lenient. Give you the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps we can agree that it was the shock talking. For now I’ll just address all the points that you raised. First; I do not call myself a clairvoyant. Others, including people from my side and spirits from your side of the divide, do that. I call myself Beverley Berkshire. Second; for you, Mr Music, you seeing your own corpse rotting away would be poetic justice. Third; Johnny Bee, if it said you died of natural causes then you died of natural causes. And all your amateur dramatics won’t make it otherwise. As to the vicious comments about my own appearance; I am not a “fat git” as you so cruelly called me. I have glandular issues and I’m big boned. As for me not noticing you; I did detect you as my knowledge of your conversation testifies. And if I may address your other personal comments, my hair is …’ Beverley trails off while he looks for the right word. Realising he’ll never find it he confesses, ‘I’m not proud of it. It doesn’t look like it did on the packet. Or quite as I intended it would. But with the resources I have, at my disposal, it’s the best I can do. And personally I think it adds to my mystique. Oh, one other observation, if I may? The cupboards on boats have secure latches. And you, Mr Music, you were trying to open them as if they were land cupboards which are kept closed by the use of simple magnetic catches. Whereas on a boat, to ensure the cupboard remains closed even in the roughest of weather conditions, they have to have magnetic catches. Which your sailing friend here could have told you if you’d taken the time to ask. This is actually very odd. Because, in the short time I’ve been acquainted with you, you’ve asked him no less than 53 questions! Yet not a single one of them had any real value or was even answered. Often you didn’t even expect an answer! Next time, I suggest you, try a difference technique. Which leads me nicely onto both of you. Who are you and why are you here?’


Chapter Five

‘Look, Berkshire, all I know is that two days ago I woke up dead. Only I didn’t know it at the time. I wake up, or I think I wake up, and get out of bed. I’ve an urge to visit Cutter. I glide out of my flat, float into his bed-sit and I arrive just in time to see him being shot. And all along I’m thinking it’s a dream and I’ll wake up at any moment.’
‘That’s true, Johnny. You took some convincing that you weren’t sleeping. You weren’t having any of this being dead stuff. Was you, Johnny?’
‘No. Then Cutter starts to talk to me and I have to face facts. Like him I’m also dead. I know this’ll sound silly but, as I’ve no experience of being dead, I was really convinced I was dreaming. And I fully expected to wake up at any moment.’
‘Did you, Jack?’ Beverley asks as if not fully believing him.
‘Yes, I did. Well when you’re alive you expect the dead to just lie down and rot. It didn’t cross my mind, for one minute, that they go gliding in and out of buildings in their Y-fronts.’
‘It’s an odd introduction to death. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘I grant you, Jack, that a pair of Y-fronts is among the stranger death-attires I’ve seen. But it’s not as unusual as you may expect. Death is, after all, often an unforeseen and final master.’
‘Sure. Now to get back to me. I’m expecting to wake up next to my own Barb Doll and for everything to be as it was. Even as I watch the bullet pass through me and smash into his skull, I’m still telling myself, “Johnny,” I say, “Johnny this’s a dream an you’ll wake an find Sandra asleep beside you. Just like any other normal day.” Then Cutter comes to my side and I have to face it. I’m as dead as he is. Then I have this need to go back to see my Sandra and tell her what’s what. We glide back into my house. Try an talk to her. But fail. She can’t hear me. She can’t see me. I can’t pick things up. I can’t make a call or even write a letter. So I need you to talk to her for me.’
‘You know what it is that Johnny’s asking you to do?’ 
‘Now he’s doing it with me! Mr Music, you don’t have to make everything a question.’
‘Sorry if my style annoys you. I don’t see why you should be getting all high and mighty with me. Johnny’s not getting angry with me. Are you, Johnny?’
‘Can we keep to the point? Will you go and see Sandra for me. And tell her what it is that I want you to say?’
‘Just like in that movie Ghost. Johnny and I were talking about it before.’
‘I never saw it. But, Jack -. Or would you rather I called you Johnny? I, personally, think Jack’s so much friendlier?’
‘If you want. Don’t see it makes much difference to me.’
‘Okay, Jack, what do you want me to say to her?’ 
‘Tell her to tell the police about Cutter being murdered. Cutter knows who it was.’
‘It was a professional hit man called Graham the Gun.'
‘Mr Music,’ Beverley smiles to hide his desire to burst out laughing. The idea’s ludicrous. He breaths out as he asks, ‘you’re surely not going to expect me to believe that someone paid a professional killer to murder you?’
‘And why not?’
‘And still I get a question and not a straight answer!’ Beverley notes with a certain degree of exasperation evident in his voice. ‘Do you really believe someone would actually pay to have you killed?’
‘And why not?’
‘Hit men don’t come cheap and they aren’t used, as a rule, for ordinary people. People, Mr. Music, like you.’
‘I ain’t ordinary. I’m a famous musician.’
‘Sorry, I was forgetting about your famous musical ability. Then how about this as a reason? Perhaps, Mr Music, a true music lover hired the hit man. What do you think of that as an idea?’
‘That’s a good one, Berkshire. It could be that he played badly that night. Did you, Cutter? Did you play some wrong notes with Prick the Finger? Is that what this’s all about?’
‘No, Johnny, no. I told you Mickey said I played good that night. You must remember me telling you that. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘I find it very hard to believe someone paid to have you killed. Professional assassination’s very expensive?’
‘Yes, good hits don’t come cheap. But who said Cutter’s was a good hit?’
‘You may have a point there, Jack. So, Cutter -.’
‘I’ve already told you it’s Mr Music to you.’ 
‘Sorry. So, Mr Music, what is it you know that made your death so valuable?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘I have to ask, Mr Music, did you get into bed with someone you shouldn’t have? Someone’s wife, perhaps?’ 
Laughing Johnny adds, ‘Hell, I didn’t know I could do that. It feels good. Did you hear me laugh?’ Johnny asks. ‘I can still laugh even after all I’ve been through.’
‘Sure, Johnny, you always could laugh at my expense. And in answer to you, Beverley, no I didn’t sleep with no married woman. I don’t do that sort of thing. That’s more in Johnny’s line than in mine. Ain’t that so, Johnny?’
‘You have to laugh. Cutter with a woman? She’d have to be blind or desperate or both. The idea of it just kills me.’ 
‘Oh, Johnny, this ain’t the time to make fun of me. Not in front of him. You know I’ve had my fair share of women. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Had being the operative word for both of you. Can either of you think why anyone would want to kill you? And, I hasten to add, I’m still not convinced that you, Jack, were murdered.’
‘Cutter and I were talking about that. Most of the members of this band we formed. I believe I said we were musicians.’
‘You did talk about that to each other when you were reading the obituaries.’
‘Perhaps, you’ve been to a gig or two of ours? We’re well known round these parts.’
‘Pubs and clubs?’ Beverley asks wearily.
‘Ya. Did all the good gigs ‘round here. Even as far away as Southend and Slough.’
‘The last of the big draws,’ Beverley offers dismissively.
‘Johnny an me was good. You tell him, Johnny. We was good, wasn’t we?’
‘You very well may have been. Only pubs and clubs are definitely not my scene. Show me a herbal festival with new age music, fruit teas, rolled oats and I’ll be first in line. But to enter a smelly pub with an over loud rock band? No thank you. Now think, who had a reason to want you dead?’
‘I saw Cutter here being killed.’
‘That’s not a reason to kill you. If you saw it then you were already dead when it happened.’
‘Actually, I thought the Hit Man looked like that kid from the video shop.’
‘You’re right, Johnny, that’s the one I was telling you about.’
‘Cutter, you’re trying to say that a spotty part time sales boy at Vids and Chocs’s a part time hit man paid to kill you?’
‘Johnny, everyone knows it. Why you think it so strange?’
‘Got paid in video games did he? You reckon he got one of the latest games, or even a scary movie, for shooting you?’
‘Johnny, don’t make fun of me. Not in front of him. Besides I know he gets paid real money.’
‘Did his mummy take his dummy out long enough for him to pull the trigger? Or -. Or … This is good. Cutter, did you have to change his nappy while he loaded the gun?’
‘Johnny, why you making fun of me? If I remember, Johnny, you weren’t so confident when you saw his bullet pass through your body. I’ve known for some time that the lad’s an assassin and that his shop job’s just cover. You have to admit it, Johnny, it’s a great cover story? Tell me who’d suspected him? You said it yourself, Johnny, no one would. Besides, Johnny, there’s still no reason to make fun of me being killed by a young assassin. An assassin’s an assassin. No matter how old they are. Aren’t they, Johnny?’
‘I don’t get it. Why would he need other work if he’s a hit man? Hit men don’t have part-time shop jobs? They live in luxury in Acapulco and places like that? Not in sleazy bed-sitters above video shops.’
‘Oh, Johnny, now you’re the expert on hit men. Are you, Johnny? I tell you he’s a hired killer and part-time shop assistant. Who cares which jobs he prefers? Or which is cover for which. He’s both and, Johnny, that’s all there is to it.’
‘This is all very interesting but what has it got to do with me?’
‘I told you already, Berkshire. I want you to get Sandra, my woman, to talk to me.’
‘No, Johnny, didn’t you say, earlier, that you wanted her to go to the police and tell them about my murder? She has to give them a description of the murderer and tell them about the evidence in the loo.’
‘Don’t tell me, Jack, you pulled your running water trick, didn’t you?’
‘That was the first time I did it. At the time I didn’t even know I could do it. But that little trick may help put a killer behind bars. Now as ghosts me and Cutter can’t take any of the credit for nailing him. But between you and Sandra, and with our help, you should be able to solve the murder. And who knows this may be the start of a beautiful friendship. A new life for us this side of the grave.’
‘Was that friendship or fiend-ship?’ Beverley asks.
‘You know what Johnny’s trying to say. Like in that sit com. What was it called? The one with the dead PI? You liked the reruns. Your dad liked the original. What’s it called, Johnny?’
‘Randall and Hopkirk, deceased.’
‘That’s the one, Johnny. I knew you’d remember. You’re good with things like that. Aren’t you, Johnny? I’m no good at remembering anything. Not like you, Johnny. In this programme there was a living and a dead PI. Only in our case there’d be two living and two dead sleuths.’
‘And how long are you expecting to keep this twilight existence up for? You both know, don’t you, that you’re not allowed to turn death into an alternative career?’
‘I hadn’t thought of that.’
‘They did in that programme. Didn’t they, Johnny?’
‘That was TV and this is real life -! Or in your case real death. Look guys, I love helping my spirit friends but, you aren’t around long enough for me to get the crime solved. Besides –.’
‘How long will we be around for?’
‘I honestly can’t say, Jack. How long’s a piece of string?’
‘So there isn’t a set time for this phase?’
‘In my experience,’ Beverley adds not very sympathetically, ‘no’. 
‘But, Johnny, there’s nothing to stop us making a start. Is there, Johnny? We could make a start and see how far we can get? Can we, Johnny?’
‘Yes, Berkshire, how about we start and see how far -.’
‘Stop right there both of you. This isn’t a life choice. You’re dead. Both of you. And you don’t have access to money -.’
‘So that’s what this’s all about is it, money. Well, let me assure you that, I’ve got plenty -’ 
‘I must stop you again, Jack. You had plenty. You’re a pair of spirits. For all your good intentions it’s come to my notice that spirits just don’t pay that well. And as you’ve both been at pains to point out I have to dye my own hair because I’m hard up. Honestly if I take on any more spirit clients I’ll end up having to sell my hair not just dye it. I trust you can see the situation from my point of view?’
‘But Sandra’ll pay you. She’ll have access to all my money. In fact she’ll be a rich widow by now.’
‘So let me get this right. You, Jack, want me to go up to your grieving widow and say “hello, your dead husband wants you to pay me to solve a crime for him”. And when she asks me what crime, you need me to solve, I’ve to tell her your own death. Which she, along with the police and the rest of the world, believes was from natural causes. It says so on your death certificate.’
‘Then they should exhume the body and - ! And this is my body we’re talking about! Shouldn’t we be more reverent, or something?’
‘It’s gone, besides it’s being burnt as we speak. It said in the paper that the cremation and bun fight are arranged for later today. You were quite a celebrity with the sailing club. I bet there’s a big turn out.’
‘It was Sandra who belonged to the club. They black-balled me early on. But not until after they’d made sure I’d won all that silverware for them.’
‘Silverware, Jack?’ 
‘Trophies; for sailing, racing and messing around in boats. I was good. And I had cash in my back pocket. Everyone respected the wad I carried.’
‘And now you’re dead and with no access to money you come to me,’ Beverley sighs, ‘That’s about it, isn’t it? Too right. The story of my life.’
‘Johnny had lots of money. Didn’t you, Johnny? You tell him about it. You was top man. Weren’t you, Johnny?’
‘Mr Music, it’s that word “had” that I don’t like. You said Johnny had lots of money. Why do they always come to me when they’ve no access to cash?’
‘I got access to cash. It’s if I choose to hire you or not. That’s the issue.’
‘Johnny didn’t even lose money when the police kept raiding his club.’
‘Lost a bit. But still managed to sell at a profit.’ 
‘You did, Johnny. Sold it before it was closed down. That was a good business move, Johnny. Who you sell it to?’
‘Hold on you two. What club are we talking about? The sailing club?’ 
‘No. I owned a club in town. Jazz and dancing every night. The place was heaving from ten till four. I raked it in.’
‘I think you should tell him, Johnny. Tell him about how you arranged all that behind the scenes stuff. You remember, Johnny, black jack, girls and the little something to sniff?’
‘I don’t have to, Cutter, you’ve just told him for me. Good job I wasn’t trying to keep it a secret.’
‘But, Johnny, all that’s a long time ago. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘So, Jack, you’ve been law abiding since?’
‘He’s stuck to the music and Sandra. Haven’t you, Johnny?’
‘So the club made you a lot of money?’
‘It made a little. According to my accountant it was hardly enough to pay the overheads.’
‘And, Jack, away from the books; if I may enquire?’ 
‘Johnny, tell him about how you had your fingers in all the pies in town. Go on tell him. Because you did. Didn’t you, Johnny?’
‘I like to think of it as having more of a finger on the pulse; than of having a finger in all the pies, Cutter.’
‘But you did. Didn’t you, Johnny? You did real well for yourself and Sandies. Didn’t you, Johnny?’
‘I did some of my best deals right under the noses of the local police.’
‘But, Johnny, tell him about your back pocket. Johnny, remember how you always said that your back pocket should be renamed the local nick because you had so many policemen in it? You remember telling me that, Johnny. You said you paid them so they’d stop visiting you or closing you down for the slightest thing. Didn’t you say that, Johnny?’
‘So, Jack, was prostitution, gambling, drug dealing and or the taking of banned substances among these slightest things?’
‘Berkshire, My Man! You make it sound wrong? I was providing a valuable service. But they closed me and -.’
‘And not before you’d got all your money out of the business and sold it to someone else. Who did you sell it to, Jack?’
‘Some guy from out of town. Why you interested in him?’
‘You believe someone had a reason to kill you. Being ripped off in business, Jack, could be the grounds you’re looking for.’
‘He wasn’t ripped off, Berkshire. Okay, he lost a small fortune. But all’s fair in love, war and business. Besides he didn’t try hard enough to make it work.’
‘You think he was an asset stripper?’
‘That’s not the type of stripper the B-G Club had. Was it, Johnny?’
‘The B-G club?’ 
‘Like the name do you? It’s me Johnny Bee. You said it yourself when you read my name. So naturally the club was B-G for …?’
‘Be Good. Very … good. Now back to the sale. Did you say the proceeds from the sale of the club are now with Sandra?’
‘No. That’s why I need you. I need to give her instructions as to where she’ll find the cash. That’s where you come in. I never trusted banks and I didn’t pay tax or national insurance. I reckoned I wouldn’t be around long enough to get a pension or anything. So I didn’t see any point in paying in. And I’ve been proved right. So it was all legit back pocket stuff.
‘I’m not so sure, Jack, that back pocket and legit belong in the same sentence. Well not without a negative somewhere. Still, it’s all water under the bridge. So you want me to tell Sandra where your cash is, is that it? That’s fine I’ll get a pen and paper and you tell me where?’
‘It’s not as simple as that, Berkshire.’
‘Oh?’
‘Supposing, for a moment, I tell you where it is. And then just for argument’s sake; let’s say that my maker calls me home. What guarantee do I have that you’ll tell Sandra what I’ve told you to tell her?’
‘Jack, that’s an awful suggestion to make of a man in my position.’
‘That’s very wise of you, Johnny. He said he didn’t have any money. He could get to the pile first and remove some before he tells Sandies. Or even pocket the lot and not tell her at all.’
‘While I find your character assassination, of my implacable integrity, highly offensive I will give you the benefit of the doubt. I guess, judging by your own moral standards, you’d expect to be ripped off. So, Jack, how do you want me to tell her?’ 
‘Face to face, in the same room.’
‘And you’ll be happy with that?’ Beverley queries, his tone of voice holds the merest hit of sarcasm.
‘Yes,’ Johnny replies quickly.
‘Are you sure, Jack? Positive? I only ask so I can be sure of my ground.’
‘Yes.’
‘I’m not, Johnny. He could hear -.’
‘Shut up, Cutter. He can’t get there first. Not if I’m there to protect her.’
‘But don’t you see, Johnny, he could tell Sandies something totally different to what you ask him to say.’
‘I hate to say it; but he’s perfectly right, Jack. You say to me that the cash is hidden under the fishing garden gnome. Then I say to Sandra that the cash is under the bird table at her mother’s house. She goes off to dig up her mother’s garden. And while she’d doing that I liberate the cash from under the fishing gnome. How could you stop me?’
‘I’ll have to think, Berkshire.’
‘He has a point, Johnny. Unless you and Sandies have a code for garden gnomes.’
‘A code for the gnomes? Cutter, you know we don’t have a garden. Let alone any garden bloody gnomes. What’s all this talk about garden gnomes for anyway? I’m trying to sort out my woman’s future and all you two want to talk about’s garden bloody gnomes.’
‘Jack, we don’t need to get too technical. I work for my fee plus expenses. I’ll provide Sandra with a copy of them. If she guarantees to pay me I’ll tell her exactly what you tell me. Word for word. I’ve no desire to be rich. Comfortable would be nice.’
‘I’ll have to think about that. This consultation; is it free?’ 
‘That depends on what we agree. My charges are listed on my leaflet. There’s one over by the door. While not the cheapest -. Mr Music, don’t even think of making a smart remark. I’m not the cheapest, in spite of what I look like, but I am good.’
‘Is this your scale of charges? You get paid that much for doing this?’ 
‘Let me see, Johnny. Gosh! But, Johnny, that’s more an hour than I got for playing all night with Prick the Finger. And I’ve got experience and ability.’
‘But you cannot link the living with the spirit world, can you? Whereas I can,’ Beverley, while not actually trying to justify his charges, speaks using a vocal tone that encompasses a large degree of pride and self-worth.
‘And for that, Berkshire, you can charge those prices?’
‘You’d be amazed. However, Jack, care to attend your own funeral?’
‘It would have some sick kudos.’
‘Not where you’re going it won’t. Most of them do it. Just to make sure the living are grieving as they should. Then, if they don’t get their final wishes, they come back and make life uncomfortable for them. Believe me, where you’re going, it’s all bog-standard procedure.’
‘And how come you know so much about where we’re going? You seen it in the movies or something?’
‘I don’t watch films, Mr Music, I live it for real. Do you want to go, Jack? If you do I’ll come with you. I’d like to see Sandra so I can decide how best to make my initial approach. Are you sure she’ll not already have found the money?’
‘You know, Johnny, I got a bad feeling about you attending your own funeral. And, Johnny, don’t you remember that the dame in Ghost didn’t like the Medium?’
‘Cutter, what you going on about?’
‘Johnny, the dame in Ghost. She didn’t like the Medium and they didn’t get on well until right at the end of the film.’
‘Cutter, that’s a script and this is real life. And I can tell you that Sandra will welcome any chance to have renewed contact with me. You’ll see.’
‘You know, Jack, Mr Music has a point.’
‘You see, Johnny, don’t you think it would be natural for Sandies to think he’s just after your money and peddling soft-soap to get it?’
‘That’s the very normal reaction, Jack. And one I’m very used to dealing with. Which is why it’s important for me to see her so I can decide how best to make my initial approach. Let me assure you, Jack, that once I’ve seen her I’ll have a better idea of how to win her over.’
‘Win her over to what, exactly?’
‘Jack, to her talking with you again. Don’t underestimate how traumatic it is for the living to be face-to-face with the person that they’ve just set fire to.’


Chapter six

‘Jack! Come back,’ Beverley hisses softly as they enter the crematorium where the funeral for Johnny Bee is underway. 
Realising that all eyes have now turned to watch him Beverley hurriedly rolls his bulk into the nearest available pew. Perching on the first seat, at the very end of an unoccupied row, Beverley offers a contrite smile to the congregation. As he turns his head towards the entrance door he realises that he’s close enough to actually touch it without having to move. Hurriedly he bows his head as if in prayer.  
To Cutter, who’s remained floating by his right shoulder, Beverly sort of hisses in whispering tones.
‘Can you go and talk some sense into him?’ 
‘It would be a first. But I’ll try. If you think it’ll be of any use. I take it that that look means that you do. Okay, I’m going. I’ve seen that look before. If that’s what you want me to do. I’ll go an try to talk sense into Johnny.’
‘Get him to come back here. He really should behave with more decorum,’ Beverley says finding maintaining his vocal tone severely challenging.
‘He always was a law until himself. He’s not likely to change now just because I ask him to. Shouldn’t you try?’
‘Oh, yes I can walk up to the grieving widow and ask, the apparently empty space by her side, to stop behaving so shamefully. And how would that look to the congregation?’
‘Perhaps you’re right?’
‘Oh, no! He can’t do that there. Cutter –. Sorry, Mr Music, please just go and stop him.’
‘Even I think he shouldn’t be doing that. Is this the first time we’ve agreed on anything?’
‘Look, I can’t keep this whispering up much longer. Just go and stop him peering at her like that. Is he trying to give her artificial resuscitation?’
‘You don’t think he’s actually trying to kiss her. Do you? It looks as if -. No! Look! He’s trying to see under her veil. That’s just like Johnny that is. He’s trying to see if she’s grieving enough. Is that what it looks like to you?’
‘Whatever it is he shouldn’t be doing it. Go. Bring him back here. I know this must be difficult for him so let’s get him back here, out of harm’s way.’
‘And me. It’s difficult for me as well, you know. That’s my best friend up there in that coffin. And I’ve not even been invited to the funeral.’
‘From what Jack says he was your only friend.’
‘For someone who doesn’t want to talk you’re doing rather a lot of it.’
‘Point taken. Now go. Get him to come back here. Besides, you may have been invited? For all you know your invitation’s on your floor waiting for your dead fingers to open it and your dead eyes to read it and your –.’
‘Okay, you’ve made your point. Hadn’t thought of that. Can I go back to my flat and see if it’s -? Oh, no. That’d mean I’d have to see that body again. I don’t want to do that.’
‘Then you’ll just have to stay here. Now, go and do something useful like stopping your friend embarrassing us. What’s he getting up to now?’
‘Only if you tell me again why you can’t tell the police about me?’
‘You do exasperate me. Well both of you do actually. This isn’t the time or the place. This whispering’s doing my throat in.’
‘Quickly, just give me an outline, and then I’ll be gone.’
‘I’m not prepared to go to the police and say I know where they’ll find the body of a murdered man without having a firm alibi. And as I live alone, on a boat, I haven’t got one. Satisfied? Now, do as you promised.’
‘I think you could call them anonymously? I think that would work. Wouldn’t you?’
‘You stick to talking to the dead and I’ll deal with the living. Now go and bring Jack back here.’
‘You think there’re many here? I’d have thought, what with the way he’s always going on about how popular he is, I’d have thought there’d be standing room only at his funereal. But there aren’t that many, are there? How many you think’s here? I reckon there’s under thirty.’
‘Well I’m glad there aren’t. It means I’ve got four rows between me and the next person. Look, that woman there, she keeps turning round to shush me. Please, Mr Music, please stop talking to me and go an get Jack.’ 
‘I’ll try. But he isn’t one to take orders. And what if he doesn’t want to come back with me? What you going to do about it?’
‘Just go and try.’
‘Would you tell him to leave Sandies alone? No, I didn’t think you would. Leave all the dirty work to me. Okay, I’m off.’ Cutter announces as he flies over the heads of the congregation towards the front and the grieving widow. ‘Johnny, Bev says I’ve to come and stop you making a fool, his words not mine, of yourself. Look at me, Johnny? Can you see me flying over everyone’s head? And they don’t even know I’m doing it. Look at that bald man, come on, Johnny, give it a go. It’s fun.’
‘Cutter, this is my funeral.’
‘I know. So you may as well enjoy it. You’re paying for it. For all these people to eat drink and be merry.’
‘Hardly that, Cutter. Eating and drinking sure. But I like to think that Sandra’s arranged it so my funeral’s dignified and reflective.’
‘Like you was at her dad’s? Johnny, look at me. And all you people sitting there not seeing me; look at me! I’m up here, gliding silently over your heads and you don’t even know I’m here. Johnny, look! I’m coming to get you. Here I am, Johnny, about to execute a perfect forward summersault and to land by your feet.’ And he does. ‘I’ve not been able to do them since long before I left school? Can you do them, Johnny? Summersaults I mean? Did you see that one? I reckon it was pretty good. What you say, Johnny?’ he asks placing his hand on his friends arm.
‘Cutter! Cutter, you touched me. You’ve just put your hand on my arm.’
‘Johnny, they’re about to sing. What hymns you think Sandies picked for you. I don’t recognise it. Do you, Johnny? Is it one of your favourites, Johnny?’
‘Never mind the music, Cutter, you touched me!’
‘Sorry, Johnny, I didn’t mean no offence.’
‘None taken, Cutter. You touched me. When did you learn to do that? Do you realise what it means?’
‘I know, Johnny, you keep saying it and I said I was sorry. What more do you want me to do, Johnny?’
‘No. It’s great touch, at last. You can touch. But I’ve been dead longer then you. Here, let me try. I’m so nervous, what if I can’t? Oh, Cutter, look how my hand shakes. It’s so strange. Look, contact! Cutter, just look how your hair’s flowing over my hand. See I can do it as well. I can touch the dead.’
‘Johnny, Johnny, that hurts. Let go of my hair, please, Johnny?’
‘It hurts, does it, Cutter? Can you feel as in life?’
‘Not as in life. But I know you’ve got hold of me. Johnny, please, let go. Johnny, look at Bev, he looks as if he’s about to shit himself.’
‘He probably thinks we’re about to fight and is wondering if he should break it up.’
‘He can’t do that. Can he, Johnny? For a start we don’t fight, and second he’d look a fool, to the congregation, if he came up here and started to stop two invisible people fighting? Wouldn’t he, Johnny, he’d look real silly?’
‘And Sandra would hate it. Go and tell him to keep out of my affairs.’ 
‘That’s odd, Johnny, he told me to come up here and bring you back.’
‘Why should I do that? Isn’t my place here at the head of the funeral?’
‘Sure, Johnny, but isn’t that true only if you’ve got your wooden overcoat on? Come on, Johnny, come and stand at the back with Bev and me. It’s fun back there watching all the people. You’ll see, Johnny. Don’t you think you’ll enjoy the service better from there? I know I will. You’ve a good view of everyone, Johnny. From back there, I mean.’
‘I’ve got an even better one from up here. I’m staying by the side of my woman. She’s sobbing her heart out. She’s as bad as she was the day it happened.’
‘She’s a few more clothes on, Johnny, than she had on that day. A few more than when we first saw her. That’s good. Isn’t it, Johnny? Did you choose that dress for your funeral, Johnny?’
‘Of course I didn’t.’
‘I was thinking, Johnny, perhaps she doesn’t have many … Johnny, you like that dress? The one Sandies's got on?’
‘Why?’
‘No reason, only …’
‘Cutter, she doesn’t have that many little black dresses.’
‘It’s little, Johnny, you’re right there.’
‘The widow has to wear black; it’s traditional. And Sandra likes her traditions thickly spread.’
‘That’s good, Johnny. That’s real good that you and she like it. It’s your funeral after all. So that’s what count’s. Isn’t that right, Johnny?’
‘What you trying to say?’
‘I guess, Johnny, and I don’t mean anything by it. But others may say that her dress’s a little short for a grieving widow?’ 
‘She’s my grieving widow.’
‘Still if you can’t see her boobs then looking at them legs isn’t bad. Not from where I’m looking. Did you know she wears thongs? I know, stupid question, of course you knew.’ 
‘Cutter, get up. How dare you look up my woman’s skirt? And at my funeral?’
‘Sorry, Johnny, but she’s such a good looking woman. You’re lucky, Johnny. Real lucky, you know that?’
‘Lucky? What you going on about? Me lucky? That’s my woman and I’m dead. All the men in this room will have the opportunity to be lucky, as you call it, with her. You and I are the only ones who won’t. I’m not lucky. I may have been once. But not now. Now I’m de -. Go back to Berkshire if you’ve nothing useful to add.’
‘Berkshire, that’s funny. It being a county an all.’
‘Cutter, if you’ve nothing better to add, just go. I have some singing to do.’
‘The singing isn’t up to much. Is it Johnny? You choose this hymn?’
‘No never heard it before in all my life. And, by the look on Sandra’s face, she hasn’t either.’
‘Look, Johnny, her mother knows it. Word perfect Joyce is and she’s singing it with gusto.’
‘Can you make out the words?’
‘No. Johnny, can you read the song sheet? It’s upside down from where I’m looking, Johnny, or I’d do it myself.’
‘Stop getting that close to my woman. Stand over there –! No, not right next to the coffin.’
‘Johnny, I read the ministers copy, it says something about hell and damnation for the unworthy. Johnny, that’s not a nice sentiment at a funeral, is it?’
‘That explains it. It’s obvious now.’
‘What does it explain, Johnny? I’m not as quick, on the uptake, as you are. Am I, Johnny?’
‘The dragon picked it. My Sandra wouldn’t have picked such a dirge.’
‘Johnny, look at Bev. He’s all forlorn, and lonely. Can’t we go and sit with him, please. Johnny, let’s go back to Bev? Look he’s waving at us. Isn’t that nice, Johnny, he wants us to join him?’
‘Let him wave. I’m staying here. You go back if you want to. But my place’s up here with my Sandra.’
‘Johnny, I guess you’re right. You normally are. And it is your funeral. So you’d know, what was what. But, Johnny. Forgive me but I was thinking, as it’s your funeral then, isn’t your place in …?’ he looks towards the coffin, ‘…there. If you get my meaning?’
‘How can I not get it? You keep looking at it and drawing my eyes to it all the time. Stop it. Just don’t keep drawing attention to it. Besides I belong here with Sandra. As you so rightly point out; this is my funeral. I’m staying centre stage; even if they cannot see or hear me. Shit don’t they sound awful? Doesn’t anyone here, other than Joyce, know the words to this hymn?’
‘I don’t think so, Johnny. And Joyce could never sing in tune.’
‘So why’s she belting it out as if she’s at amateur night down the Kings Head?’
‘Johnny, you remember that karaoke night when she -?’
‘Cutter, this is not the time for reminiscences.’
‘No, Johnny, no. That’s where I know you’re wrong. That’s exactly what funerals are for. They give everyone an opportunity to get together and talk about the deceased and reminisce. Didn’t you know that, Johnny?’
‘Yes talk about the deceased. That’s me. Not talk about the old bag. She’s treating it like a solo concert performance. What the hell are they singing?
‘I don’t know, Johnny. You know I wasn’t one for church, Johnny, or learning hymns. Johnny, are you pleased with the turn out? It’s a good one, isn’t it? Are you pleased, Johnny? I know I’m not here, Johnny. But I would have been if I could have been. You do know that. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Sure, ‘course I know.’
‘You sure have a lot of friends, Johnny. Did you know you were this popular? Look, there’s Trish and Pot from the band. Johnny, why did they call him Pot? I always wanted to ask. But I never dared because he was so big and secretive about his private life. Do you know, Johnny? I bet you do, Johnny. You know everything there is to know about people? Don’t you, Johnny? Actually, Johnny, I think I was a little scared of him.’
‘He’s called Pot because he smashed one over the head of a bass guitarist who upset him. Besides that’s not Pot. It’s his twin brother, Carl. Now can I concentrate on my funeral without you trying to side track me all the time?’
‘So, Johnny, he’s not here then. Is he, Johnny? The last I heard of him he’d gone to the States or something like that. Did you hear that as well, Johnny?’
‘Sure and by all accounts he’s doing well for himself out there. Trish is here and look at Reg. Is that a new suit he’s got on? I’ve never seen him in anything new before. He must be worth a bob or two.’
‘Johnny, you think he’ll start sniffing around Sandies. Now that you’re out of the way? Do you, Johnny?’
‘Look I’m not, out of the way, as you put it. So just let him try. Just let him try and lay one finger on her and … And look at that! If that doesn’t just kill me! And at my own funeral! He keeps looking over at her. I’ll put a stop to his little game.’
Johnny flies away from Sandra and comes to an abrupt halt over the head of Reginald Miller, local book maker and, until recently, friend to both Johnny and Cutter.
Johnny swoops low down so he’s level with Reg. Then into his face Johnny yells, ‘Look at me you upstart! You think I can’t see what you’re trying to do? I saw you making eyes at my woman.’ 
‘Johnny, Johnny, why you think he can see you? He couldn’t before.’
‘You double crossing spineless worm. So you manage to make sure that you’re across from my Sandra. Nice positioning, Mate. A row behind her on the opposite side and you’ve managed to find yourself a convenient aisle seat. If you don’t stop making eyes at her I’ll punch your lights out! This is a funeral not a knocking shop. Hell it’s my funeral! Cutter, what the hell are you tugging at me like that for?’ He brushes Cutter off his arm.
‘Johnny, what you going to do now?’
‘I don’t know. I’ll have to think. But that man isn’t going to get into my woman’s knickers. Not if I’ve anything to do with it.’
‘But, Johnny, I don’t see how you can stop it? Not if Sandies is willing, and, Johnny, he’s obviously up for it. What you going to do, Johnny?’
‘I don’t know. Just a minute. I’d forgotten you can make contact. When did you learn how to do that?’
‘D’know.’
‘Can you touch them?’
‘Don’t know. Shall I try?’
‘No!’ Beverley screams from the back of the hall.
‘Johnny, did you here that? It was Bev calling out from the back of the room. And look at how everyone’s turned round to face him? Johnny, don’t he look foolish? But, Johnny, you’ve got to hand it to him he’s very good at covering up his ghostly exchanges. Look how he’s trying hard to disguise his interruption as a coughing fit. And now he’s slumped back onto the pew and has lowered his head as if he’s suffering.’
‘Why is it that the good always die young?’ Beverley asks aloud.
‘Now, Johnny, that’s real good acting. You’ve got to hand it to Bev. That’s as good a cover-up as you’ll see anywhere.’
‘He doesn’t have to do it on my account. Now, weren’t you going to try and grab something?’
‘Johnny, shall I try and grab Sandies-.’
‘Will you leave my woman’s tits out of this? Punch him for me?’
‘Johnny, this is your fight. Wouldn’t it be better if you hit him yourself?’
‘I can’t.’
‘Oh, Johnny, how you know what you can do ‘til you try? You did grab hold of me earlier. You remember doing that, Johnny?’
‘You’re right.’ He raises his hand as if to strike. Then he lowers it again as he confesses, ‘No. I can’t do it. Not in cold blood.’
‘I don’t think, Johnny, that in our present situation, that we have any other sort. Do you, Johnny?’
‘You heard me, punch Reg for me.’
‘I’m not your hired hit man.’
‘No you’re not a man. You’re the hit ghost. Go on try it.’
‘Sorry, Johnny, I don’t think I can.’
‘You big sissy. Just make a fist and smash it into his face.’
‘No, Johnny. If I can touch ghosts will that mean that I’ll be able to touch the living later on?’
‘What’s this later on you’re talking about? We have no later on, Cutter. We, you and me, we only have the here and now.’
‘I guess you’re right, Johnny. You normally are. Look at Bev, Johnny, isn’t he funny? Look he’s almost shitting himself watching us. Don’t you think he’s funny? Shall I wave to him, Johnny, shall I? Johnny, shall I?’
‘Leave him. He’s an okay guy, after a fashion. Besides we don’t have to put up with him for long.’
‘You’re right, Johnny. If he had a heart attack or something, because of our antics, then we’d have to put up with him for all eternity. That wouldn’t be nice. Would it, Johnny?’
‘Pity about Reg. I’d have liked to have seen him trying to explain, to Sandra, why he fell over backwards at my funeral. You know I’ve tried not to look at it, but I guess the time is -.’ He flies slowly to the coffin. Looking down on it he observes, ‘It’s very nice.’
‘The coffin, Johnny? Is that what you think is very nice?’
‘Of course it is.’
‘Your Sandies always did have good taste, Johnny. I bet she spent a bob or two on that. You think so, Johnny? It looks quality. What you say, Johnny. Is it a quality job, Johnny?’
‘Not many flowers.’
‘What?’
‘I was saying there aren’t many flowers.’
‘Johnny, I keep telling you this, your mind’s razor sharp. Only you could get from punching Reg’s lights out to flowers via a coffin. You know that. Don’t you, Johnny? You always was bright, Johnny. It must be awful having to listen to my prattle when you think so clearly all the time. Is it, Johnny, is it really awful?’
‘You mean like now?’
‘I guess so, Johnny?’
‘Who cares besides there’s no use wanting what we can’t have. But I did think I’d have a few more flowers. The room looks so cold.’
‘Not cold, Johnny, I think it’s … Well, uncluttered, that’s what it is. Don’t you think it’s got clean lines and an uncluttered feel? Besides, Johnny, I can see a big bunch of flowers by the lectern. Can you see them, Johnny? They could almost be wedding flowers they’re so pretty. You think they’re pretty, Johnny? Johnny, you think they do weddings here?’
‘Who the hell would get married in a crematorium?’
‘I might if the right girl -. Yes, Johnny. You’ve no need to look at me like that. You’re right, as always, I guess it’s not going to happen for me now. Is it, Johnny?’
‘No it won’t. Actually, I think those flowers come with the room. Look they’re false. All that’s real in here's my Sandra’s grief and that single red rose and white lily that’s entwined on the coffin lid. That’s a nice touch; a nice feminine touch.’
‘You’d have thought that a few other people would have sent flowers. I’d have sent you a big bunch, Johnny. If I’d still been alive to send them. Especially as I’d just got paid -.’
‘Okay, don’t rub it in. You got paid for a gig the night I was killed.’
‘I was killed as well, Johnny. I’m dead too. But I’m trying not to let it spoil my memories, Johnny. Didn’t you have many friends, Johnny?’
‘I have loads of friends.’
‘Are your friends just not the type to send flowers, Johnny?’
‘I guess not.’
‘If I float over the coffin I can read the card. Oh, Johnny, that’s nice. You want me to tell you who these are from, Johnny?’
‘Two flowers, one the symbol of lover, the other of purity, entwined on my coffin, I think I can guess.’
‘But, Johnny, you want me to read what she’s put on the card? Do you, Johnny, do you? Oh, Johnny, you’ll like this. Johnny, it’s a sweet message. Shall I read it to you, Johnny, shall I? I will if you want me to? It says she loves and misses you.’
‘Well of course it does.’
‘That’s nice. Isn’t it, Johnny? That was a nice thing for her to put on your card? You think so, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, shut up about the card and get down from there.’
‘Johnny, it’s a strange feeling floating over your best friend’s coffin. I only did it so I could read the card. Did you like what she wrote, Johnny?’
‘Yes, it was real … sweet.’
‘And, Johnny, did you like the way I read it. Was that good too, Johnny?’
‘Yes, Cutter, you read the words real nice.’
‘Johnny, look at me. You know this is fun. Want to try?’
‘What? Are you that desperate that it only takes a few words of praise for you to turn summersaults -! Cutter, that’s my coffin you’re doing your circus act over so stop it. Stop it now. Come on, Cutter, that’s no way to treat the coffin of a friend.’
‘Not just a friend, Johnny, you’re my best friend, Johnny.
‘Best friend?’
‘What you say, Johnny?’
‘You called me your best friend.’
‘You are, Johnny. You’ve always been a good friend to me. Haven’t you heard me say it to you, Johnny? Only, Johnny, now, now that we’re both dead, and the only ghosts I know, I feel closer to you, Johnny. Do you feel the same? I hope you do, Johnny. ‘Cause you’re the only friend I’ve got either side of the grave. Johnny, why you so sad? Come up here and try this, Johnny. You’ll like it, it’s fun. Johnny, you want to try?’
‘No. Get down. That’s my coffin with my body inside.’
‘Johnny, how can you know that for sure?’
‘I know it that’s all. I can feel it.’
‘Should I take a look inside, Johnny? If I did I could find out if you’re in there or not. Shall I do that, Johnny? Shall I do that one little thing for you? I could also see what they dressed you in. Would you like to know what Sandies selected for you, Johnny? I know you’ve some good gear and it wouldn’t surprise me if the undertaker took it off you and put you in his old stuff. Did you know that they do that? Once the lid’s been closed who can tell? Did you know that, Johnny? I did. Shall I check for you, Johnny? See what you’re wearing? You always did look good. Don’t you want to know, Johnny? I’ll take a look and see if you ask me to.’
‘Cutter, no! Come back.’
‘Johnny, haven’t you ever wondered if they really bother putting the body in the coffin?’
‘No.’
‘I think they unload the empty coffin at the front and take the body round the back. Don’t you think that would be a good idea, Johnny? Johnny, you think they send the body round the back for the Bunsen burner treatment while they bring an empty one in through the front door? Johnny, you think they reuse coffins? What you think Johnny? You think they reuse them?’
‘Cutter, can we change the subject?’
‘Why?’
‘This one’s a little too close for comfort.’
‘Johnny, you’re good at being logical whereas I’m just a musician. But, Johnny, doesn’t it make more sense not to lift all them heavy dead bodies all day long? Johnny, what if you had a small undertaker and a real fat dead guy. How would he carry him? Take our Bev over there. You’d rather carry his coffin empty, and drop his body off round the back, than to have to lug the coffin and body out of the hearse and all the way up here. Well you would. Wouldn’t you, Johnny?’
‘No. That’s like saying that when we play in the band we don’t play all the notes -! Okay. That wasn’t a good example.’
‘I bet your body’s already a pile of ashes round the back. Shall I take a look in the coffin?’
‘Stop this. Come back. That’s my body and coffin. Cutter! Well, was it?’
‘Was what?’ Cutter asks returning from his flight through the coffin.
‘You know what I mean. My body. Was it in there?’
‘I thought you didn’t want to know?’
‘You’re right, I don’t. Besides, it’s my funeral, and if you don’t behave I’ll not invite you to my next -.’
‘Oh, Johnny, how many funerals are you planning on having? Because forgive me, Johnny, you being my best friend an all, but I don’t plan on attending any more of them if there’re all going to be as boring as this one.’ 
‘You know what I mean.’
‘Johnny, don’t you think that somehow, along the way, you’ve lost your sense of fun? I only say it because you don’t appear to be as full of life as you used to be, Johnny?’
‘Is that a sick joke, Cutter?’
‘I guess, Johnny, I don’t know what I’m saying. It’s the situation. Sorry, Johnny. Do you forgive me, Johnny? Please say you forgive me? It will mean so much to me if you actually say it, Johnny’
‘You’re just jealous and trying to make trouble because so many of my friends have turned up.’
‘Are they all your friends, Johnny?’
‘Most. Obviously she’s not. Just look at that grin on her mother’s face? She’s loving every minute of it. At last she’s got Sandra away from me.’
‘Johnny, you know what I think? I bet she serves champagne at the wake? You think that’s what she’ll do, Johnny. Do you?’
‘Shut it, Cutter. Look at how Sandra’s holding her head down. How she cannot sing. How she’s holding her arms tightly across her body.’
‘She did have a good voice, Johnny. What they singing? You know this one?’ Cutter asks as Johnny bursts into song.
‘Dear Lord and Father of mankind. Forgive our foolish ways. De dum, de dum, de dum de dum,’ Johnny sings.
‘Oh it’s that one. Have you forgotten the words, Johnny?’
‘When Jesus knelt to dum de dum, the silence of eternity. I always liked this one. Sandra knows that. She’s singing it as well. Very softly to herself between her sobs.’
‘It’s a pity she didn’t get to join our band. You think that was a pity, Johnny? Still she and Trish never hit it off. Did they, Johnny? And Trish was there first.’
‘She looks cold. Was that a shiver? I think it’s shock. Look, behind you. Yes, take note, Mate, that’s me in that wooden box. And all too soon all my earthy remains will be –! Cutter what the hell do you think you’re doing? Get off my coffin at once.’
‘Johnny, I think you were more fun when you was alive than you are now you’re dead.’
‘Yes well; being dead’s a killer for the social graces.’
‘Johnny, I think if I’d said to you, when you were alive. If I’d asked you then; if I’d have said to you, Johnny, can I dance a hornpipe on your coffin? I think you would have said yes. You think that as well, Johnny? And you know what, Johnny, I think you’d not only have said yes. But, Johnny, I think you’d have agreed to come out of your coffin and dance it with me. Don’t you think that as well, Johnny? That you would have let me and that you’d have happily joined in? I think that’s true, Johnny, don’t you?’
‘Perhaps. But it’s different now. Now it’s for real.’
‘Johnny, I don’t mean to be rude. But when you was alive you were fun. Now you’re dead, well I’m sorry to say this, Johnny, but you’re losing all your sense of fun. You feel that as well, Johnny? Okay, stop looking at me like that. I’ll come down. You know, Johnny, when I find out when and where it is, Johnny, you know what I plan to do?’
‘No. But you’re going to tell me regardless.’
‘I’ll tell you, Johnny. I intend to dance on my own coffin. And I’d like you to dance with me. Will you do that for me, Johnny? Please, Johnny, will you dance on my coffin with me?’
‘I’ll have to see. But best get down now, please.’
‘Johnny, look over there, behind you. Can you see Bev, Johnny? Can you see him? He’s almost wetting himself with embarrassment, Johnny. Wouldn’t a quick, quick step or better still, Johnny, what if we danced the can-can on your coffin, Johnny. Wouldn’t that be fun? If only to see his reaction?’
‘No. You can do what you want at your own funeral. But this is mine and I’d like you to treat it with the dignity it deserves.’
‘Oh, Johnny, it’s dignity you want. That’s good. It’s good that you want dignity at this stage in your life, Johnny. Tell me, Johnny, is that the same dignity that you demonstrated at Sandies’ dad’s funeral? Johnny, did you hear me? I was asking you about the funeral for Henry? Johnny, I was asking because if I remember rightly wasn’t that the time you got drunk and threw up in the shrubbery while Sandra and her mum were greeting their guests. I only ask, Johnny, so I can learn what you mean by dignity. What do you mean by dignity, Johnny?’
‘I was not drunk, Cutter. Something I ate upset my stomach.’
‘I’m glad you put me right on that one, Johnny. I’ve spent all these months thinking it was something that you didn’t “ate”. So, Johnny, that’s what caused it, was it, something you ate?’
‘That’s what I said.’
‘Johnny, wasn’t that the night that we –.’
‘Yes, that was the night.’
‘Only, Johnny -.’
‘Only Johnny nothing. We were on fire that night. Even now it makes my dead blood race round my body.’
‘Not to all parts, Johnny. That’s not moved. If you follow my drift?’
‘Even if I didn’t “follow your drift”, I can follow your own eye line down to your own crotch.’
‘Johnny, mine’s not woken up at all. That’s the worst thing about being dead, no feeling down there. That’s a pity, I think. What you think, Johnny?’
‘Sex on the dead brain; that’s what you got.’
‘No, Johnny, I was thinking about that night before the funeral.’
‘We’re talking about Henry’s funeral, not this one, right?’
‘Yes, Johnny, that’s what I’m talking about. The night we was playing with Chug-a-Lug. And you’re right you were on fire that night. If I remember you bought the whole band a curry afterwards. You remember that, Johnny?’
‘I damn well remembered when the bill came. You must have eaten the whole restaurant, greedy pigs.’
‘You put away a fair few pints yourself that night, Johnny. You remember that, Johnny? I think you had a full curry dinner, at least ten pints, six scotches and a couple of cocktails from that girl’s glass?’
‘Come on Cutter, it was ten pints over the course of the whole evening. And you must admit I was on fire.’
‘You were that, Johnny, you were that. And you kept the performance up even in the restaurant. You remember taking that glass from that girl and draining it? You did it a couple of times. You remember doing it, Johnny?’
‘How could I forget her? She was a stunner.’
‘You’ve always been able to attract stunning women, Johnny. Just look at Sandies.’
‘Yes, Cutter, I could always get the Squeeze interested.’
‘But, Johnny, you remember that night? I kept saying to you that you should go easy on the drink as the funeral -.’
‘I get it now. You kept saying. That’s what this is all about isn’t it? It’s about you, you, you and you! Sorry, Mate, that’s my woman up there and that’s my coffin. Now, if you don’t mind I’d like to be by the side of the woman I never got around to marrying. Because I died too young.’
‘Oh, Johnny, even if you walk away it won’t alter the facts. You got plastered the night before her dad’s funeral, Johnny, and you’ll have to meet him soon and explain.’
‘I was ill the restaurant poisoned me.’
‘I think, Johnny, that’s when Joyce took against you.’ 
Cutter looks up and catches sight of Johnny standing at the head of the congregation, Sandra at his side. 
‘Oh, Johnny, you look so good, standing there next to Sandies. What with your shoulders back, head lowered and you trying hard to look respectable. Johnny, if you’d tried to be respectable at Henry’s funeral perhaps Joyce wouldn’t be so happy now. Can you see how she’s smiling behind her veil? Johnny, can you see her smiling eyes?’
‘Leave us.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you look so good. There you are at your own funeral standing to attention, shoulders back, head bowed and … And, Johnny, you’re not praying. Are you, Johnny? Oh, shit, Johnny, you are. Johnny, isn’t it too late? We are what we were. Johnny, it’s too late. Come on, Johnny, let’s go and have some fun and try and make Bev shit himself again.’
‘Go away, listen, I know this hymn as well. Good choice, Sandra.’ He starts to sing, ‘Eternal father strong to save. Whose arms have bound the dum de wave. La la, la la la, la la la, la la la la la la la laaa. Oh hear us when we cry to thee for those in peril on the sea.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you’ve a good voice. Pity you don’t know all the words.’
‘Sing if you must, or shut up. I know this hymn. I’m glad she chose it. She knew I liked it. It’s about sailing. What, it’s finished already? They didn’t even do the second verse. What kind of a funeral is it when they don’t sing the second verse of my favourite hymn?’
‘Johnny, that’s odd. They sang lots of verses from that one Joyce knew. So you’d have thought they’d have sung all the verses of your favourite hymn. Wouldn’t you, Johnny? You think they’ve forgotten that it’s your funeral?’
‘Let’s not get back to bodies and coffins. Look they’re all sitting down. I guess we’re only going to have that one verse.’
‘Can you remember the rest of the verses, Johnny?
‘Sure, word perfect.’
‘Then, Johnny, why don’t you sing them now, on your own. A grand solo at your own funeral? Wouldn’t that be something, Johnny? Wouldn’t it be something to remember? Standing on your own coffin and singing aloud?’
‘I’m not in the mood. Besides; that Trish getting up.’
‘You think she’s leaving, Johnny?’
‘No, she’s walking to the front? What’s she going to do?’
‘Johnny, you think Trish is going to give an address?’
‘I’ll punch her lights out if she says anything she shouldn’t.’
‘Johnny, you really think she would, Johnny?’
‘She may.’
‘She didn’t like it when you didn’t leave Sandies for her. Did she Johnny?’
‘You knew?’
‘Johnny, we all knew. But, Johnny, can you really see her standing there and saying “I knew Johnny Bee in the Biblical sense. We had it off while Sandra was looking after her dying dad”. She can be bitchy. But you don’t really think she’d spill the beans now. Do you, Johnny?’
‘You knew?’
‘The entire band knew, Johnny.’
‘You all knew? Yet no one said a word?’
‘It wasn’t hard to miss. You were like a love sick puppy around her.’
‘I wasn’t.’
‘Johnny, all the boys said you were. Were we all wrong? You was always going on about her; “Oh isn’t Trish wonderful” you’d say. You did, Johnny, there’s no use trying to deny it.’
‘She was. Had the voice of an angle, and played the tambourine well.’
‘Yes, Johnny. You told us that every time we met. And, Johnny, you remember telling us that she would be a good catch for someone? Oh, Johnny, you could never hide it when you had the hots for some tottie.’
‘Hots for some tottie? What kind of language is that?’
‘You know what I mean, Johnny. Don’t be angry with me. But it was obvious when you was hot for a woman.’
‘I think you mean when they were hot for me. You seem to forget I was a babe magnet. I hope Sandra realises what she’s lost.’
‘She looks as if she does, Johnny. She’s glaring at Trish. Johnny, you think there’s a chance of a cat fight at your funeral? Now, Johnny, wouldn’t that be something to tell Satan?’
‘Both women have too much dignity for that. Besides, it was Trish who threw herself at me -.’
‘Is that so, Johnny? I’m glad you told me that. Because that’s not what I, or the rest of the band, thought.’
‘You guys were just jealous.’
‘You were very good to her, Johnny. You went to all that trouble to walk her home and give her all those extra rehearsals after the rest of us had gone down the pub. You and she always arrived 25 to 40 minutes after us. You remember that, Johnny?’
‘It’s important for musicians to mesh. That’s all we were doing.’
‘Meshing?’
‘Yoh, meshing?’
‘Johnny, I didn’t think anyone meshes with drums.’
‘That’s where you’re wrong, bass player. Besides, Trish played the tambourine which is part of the drum section. So it was natural for her to ask me, and not anyone else, for a little extra private coaching.’
‘I’m glad you told me that, Johnny. You see up ‘til then I didn’t think you needed any skill to play a tambourine. You know what I thought, Johnny? And you’ll laugh at this. But I thought; up to you correcting me just now. I thought that you just hit the thing, with your hand, in time to the music. And I would have thought that as Trish was a singer, she’d have known all about beating time. But you say she needed your help to bash her tambourine properly. That is what you’re saying, isn’t it Johnny?’
‘She did need my help. You see it wasn’t so much the technicalities of -. And if I can correct you again; we professionals call it tapping not bashing. But for Trish the problem was with the shaking of the cymbals. The ones around the edge. She never knew how to get the best from them. She said she always felt she sounded as if she were part of a Sunday school outing.’
‘Don’t you think it odd, Johnny, that lots of Sunday Schools encourage their kids play these complicated musical instruments? I’d have thought as they’re so complicated then, to make life easier for the kids, then they’d have given them something simpler to play. Like a violin. But you know best. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘And what would you know about Sunday Schools? Besides, you’re wrong about them being easy to play. They’re technically very difficult.’
‘You’re telling me that they’re technically very difficult, Johnny?’
‘Anything you do well is difficult.’
‘I agree with you there, Johnny. But if they’re so difficult, Johnny, why give them to school kids to play?’
‘That shows how little you know about the percussion section.’
‘So it’s a difficult instrument to learn. So you must have been a really good teacher, Johnny?’
‘I guess you could say that.’
‘So good, Johnny, that in the thirty minutes extra tuition you gave Trish, you managed to bonk her twice and still have time to show her how to play this, technically very difficult, member of the percussion section. That’s some teaching, Johnny. Some very fine teaching in deed.’ 
‘Who told you about the sex?’
‘You did.’
‘I don’t kiss and tell. I don’t see when.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you did. One night when there was just you and me. Don’t you remember, Johnny? I do. You and I, Johnny, we’d gone to Essex to see a business partner. You remember Old Gary, Johnny? Well he and I and you had too much to drink. Then on the train back you told me about Trish. You said you’d had it twice and that she now knew how to do it properly. You remember saying that, Johnny?’
‘I admit she was a quick learner. And she did pick it up quickly.’
‘She had such a good teacher in you, Johnny. One that was so good and unorthodox. You see, Johnny, someone like me. If she’d come to me for lessons I’d have cramped her style. You know what’s funny, Johnny. I’ll tell you what’s funny, Johnny. For a start I’d have told her that the tambourine was a member of the timpani section! Yes, Johnny, now isn’t that silly of me? I’d have told her all wrong. Whereas you, Johnny, you told her all right. You did tell her all right. Didn’t you, Johnny?’ 
‘Percussion, timpani? Why you splitting hairs when we’re at my funeral? These things don’t matter anymore. We’re dead. Dead and done with. It’s all past. That’s what you and I are, past, over and, after today, forgotten.’ 
‘No, Johnny, no! I’m not forgotten, Johnny, I’ve still my funeral to come.’
‘There you go again, you, you and you. Listen, there’s music again. Don’t tell me they’re about to sing again! Look, Cutter, they’re standing up. What is this a frigging musical? Look I think they can see us. At last we’re visible to them. Look, Cutter, how they’ve all turned to face us.’
‘Oh, Johnny, I was dreading this moment. But it’s come. And, Johnny, Johnny, there’s no hiding from it. Johnny, they’re not looking at us. Johnny, how are you feeling?’
‘Why?’
‘It’s what comes next. Do you want to watch or to go out?’
‘I’ll watch. I’ll bear whatever it is that my Sandra’s having to bear. Why what’s going on?’
‘We could pop backstage and see what they do with the coffin. I’ve always wondered -.’
‘Shut up. Allow this solemn occasion some dignity. What’s that noise? It’s coming from behind us.’ Johnny turns in time to see the coffin sip slowly from view. ‘Shit it’s moving. I didn’t think it would be that quick. Stop them. Cutter, stop them from taking my coffin. Don’t let them draw the curtains. Stop the music. Cutter, there must be something we can do? Cutter, I’m not ready for this. Not yet. Hold the curtains. Pull it back will you? I can’t grab hold of it. Don’t let it go? Shit. My coffin it’s behind that curtain. They’re starting to filter out. Look, they’re leaving already. Come back. I’m not ready for you to go. Come back. I’m still here. Please don’t go? Please don’t leave my body to strangers. No! Stay. It’s not over until the fat lady sings. Don’t go. Stay a while longer, please. Please, I’m not ready to leave you yet.’
I guess they’ve all gone, Johnny, except Bev. You want to go outside and join them, Johnny?’
‘No. When I leave here that’s my life over, Cutter. An I’ll be no more.’
‘Johnny, you think it would be better if we went outside?’
‘No. You go. I’m staying here.’
‘Bev can’t leave ‘til we do. Come on, Johnny, let’s go see your Sandies?’
‘No. As long as someone’s here then so am I.’
‘Johnny, you really think it’s as simple as that?’
‘Wait until your turn comes, Cutter. And we’ll then see who’s eager to get out into the sunshine.’
‘Johnny, I really think we should go outside. Look, the vicar’s talking to Bev. He’s the only one left now. Johnny, come on. Let’s go outside and join the rest. Don’t you want to be with Sandies?’
‘It’s over. Cutter, do you mind leaving me? I need to be alone. Go listen to what Berkshire and the Reverend are talking about. I need to think a while.’
‘…and forgive me for saying so. Through the service, I couldn’t help but notice, you appeared distracted at times. Were you and the deceased close?’
‘Thank you, Vicar. We were not that close. But you could say we shared some unusual experiences.’
‘That’s nice,’ The Vicar agrees. ‘It’s always nice when we have fond memories. Can I get you some water? The fountain’s just over here. Just outside in the anti-room. If you’d care to follow me? I always think the anti-room’s so much nicer than the chapel.’
‘No, I’m fine just sitting here. If you don’t mind. I’ll just sit here quietly for a moment or two longer. It’s just that I find funerals are over so quickly these days. You’ve no sooner sung the last hymn than the coffin drifts behind the curtains and it’s all done and dusted.’
‘Dust to dust.’
‘So, please. A few moments more so I can say my private farewells.’
‘The main party are already outside looking at the flowers. If you’d like to follow me?’
‘Please, a moment longer for my private prayers?’ Beverley asks, again, his eyes fixed on Johnny.
‘Take all the time you need. Only we do have another service starting in less than five minutes. In fact some of the relatives and friends of the deceased have already arrived and are patiently waiting outside.’
‘And you now need us to leave, is that it?’
‘Us to leave?’ 
‘Sorry, me to leave. I meant to say. Me to leave. I just cannot get used to being without him. Thank you, Father, it was a good service.’
‘I’ll leave you to make your own way out. Through the door at the end. When you’re ready. Take your time. I need to meet the next funeral party. It’s that way. Past the curtains and out through the open door. Miss Bell is there, waiting to thank her guests for supporting her on this solemn day.’
Beverley halts by the curtains and whispers, ‘Jack, everyone’s gone. We need to leave. There’ll be a new funeral in here in a moment.’
‘Is that’s it, Berkshire? I’m no longer a part of this world?’
‘Dust to dust and -.’ Beverley starts to say but is interrupted by the return of Cutter.
‘Guys you should see what there’re doing back there.’
‘Cutter, I said I didn’t want you going behind the curtain.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. I thought you said that you didn’t want to go behind the curtain. I didn’t hear you say anything about me not going behind. In fact, Johnny, didn’t you tell me to leave you alone? So I did. And to get away from you I went to have a look. And, Johnny, you know what -?’
‘We really should be leaving. They all think I’m deeply involved with you, Jack. Come on. The rest of the party are outside looking at the flowers.’
‘Then people did send me flowers?’
‘I guess so. It’s appropriate that I, at least, go and view them. I think the Vicar’s afraid I’ll not be out of here before the next funeral starts.’
‘It’s just a sausage factory! He’s just put his head round the door. What does he want us to do?’ Johnny demands.
‘Leave. That’s what he wants us to do, Jack. We must go. I know it would be bad form to have one set of mourners still hanging around when the next funeral party comes in. So he wants us to leave.’
‘Johnny, they do pack ‘em in. Johnny, you should see how many they have back there -.’
‘I don’t want to know.’
‘Please, guys. If I stay here any longer he’ll think I’m a professional mourner hired by the hour. Actually, I wonder if I can persuade him to pay me?’ Beverley wonders as he starts to walk to the open door hoping Johnny and Cutter will follow him.
‘You, a professional mourner, dressed like that?’ Cutter observes.
‘What’s wrong with the way I’m dressed? I’m in the customary black. And it’s not covered in blood like your tux is, or in just my Y-fronts like Jack.’
‘Johnny, isn’t that odd? You owning all those expensive suits yet having to attend your own funeral in just your underpants? Does that make you smile, Johnny, I know it does me? Mind you, Johnny, you in your Y-fronts still looks better than Beverley does in his shiny black suit. It’s a real shiny suit with a shiny black shirt and tie. Johnny, you think he looks as if he’s been polished. Johnny, you think he’d look better if he’d come in his wizard suit?’
‘Mr Music, can you for once help? I’m trying to get Jack outside.’
‘But it doesn’t matter where we are. It’s you who’s the embarrassment to the management. Not us. They can’t see Johnny or me.’
‘Come on you two stop arguing and let’s go.’
‘Good. Now, Jack. What do I say if I’m asked how I know you? Especially if Sandra talks to me?’
‘If she talks to you; you call me over and get her to see me.’
‘You cannot threaten the living. Besides, no one can get her to see you. She has to-. Look’s let’s just get out there and play it by ear. See what happens. I’ll stay on the outside and try to be inconspicuous.’
‘What do you mean “she has to do what”, exactly?’
‘I guess now the funeral’s over, she’ll have to decide what she does with the ashes?’ Beverley instantly invents another cover up.
‘No, Beverley, earlier. When we were talking about her seeing me, you were about to say she had to do something or other. What did you mean?’
‘Some Mediums believe that if people don’t want to see their deceased loved ones; then nothing can make them. So we have to temper any approach to Sandra with great sensitivity. Which means he’ll have to be sent home.’
‘Johnny, you going to let him boss you around like that? Besides, Johnny, me and you, we’ve to stick together, we agreed. You remember, Johnny?’
‘Jack, send him away. I don’t want to be worried about what he’s going to get up to next, like I was inside the crematorium.’
‘Johnny, don’t send me away, please? I didn’t do nothing wrong in there. Did I Johnny?’
‘Done nothing wrong? How about this little list then, Mr Music, number one, dancing on the coffin. Number two, getting inside the coffin. Three, going behind the curtain. Four, pulling faces at the congregation. Five trying to look up the skirt of the grieving widow. Do I need to go on?’
‘Johnny, I was only trying to liven things up a bit for you. We both know death isn’t much fun. Yet with a little effort it could be. So, Johnny, I was trying to give you some fun. You did see it as fun. Didn’t you, Johnny?’
‘Yes, Cutter, it was fun.’
‘You’re both as bad as each other. And what if we’re not alone? Have you thought of that?’
‘What do you mean?’ Johnny asks.
‘I’m not the only Medium in the world. There could have been other people in that room who can see you just as well as I can. And I’ll have to explain your behaviour to them.’
‘If they can see us then they can ask us about our behaviour themselves,' Cutter defends himself.
‘Mr Music, you don’t understand -.’
‘No, and for that matter, neither do I, Berkshire. But I do understand that we need to -.’ 
Johnny and Cutter disappear through the wall leaving Beverley to follow the sound of Johnny’s voice as he continues speaking. 
‘Oh my, gosh, just look. Isn’t it wonderful? So many flowers and all with cards. Oh, I was loved. Oh, look at Sandra. Doesn’t she look the most beautiful widow surrounded by all those lilies?’
‘I wish you two wouldn’t rush off so,’ Beverley says joining them outside. ‘You may be able to glide through walls. But I need to take the more conventional way round. Which is often slower. Now, do you have a purpose, or shall we leave?’
‘Sorry are you on a mobile?’ A female voice asks.
‘No. Why?’ Beverley demands, turning to face the speaker.
‘I thought I heard you talking to someone.’
‘Just a trick of the wind. You must be Sandra’s mother.’
‘How did you know that?’ Joyce Bell asks.
‘You were sat at the front with her. And looking as protective as only a mother can be; when her daughter's in great pain. Excuse me a moment I feel a sneeze coming on. It must be the lilies. A.a a.tis...choo.’ Beverley says as he turns to face Johnny and Cutter before whispering to them, ‘You two, go away!’ 
‘Berkshire, you don’t understand, it’s the wicked witch. Get rid of her.’
After another pretend sneeze Beverley whispers, ‘Stop fooling. Just go.’
‘This a bad time for you?’ Joyce asks.
‘No, Mrs … Mrs …! No. It’s just a brief attack by a couple of rogue particles that just won’t lie down and die. That’s all,’ Beverley replies pleased with his simile. 
‘Can I get you some water?’
‘No, I’ll be fine. But don’t let me monopolise you, or keep you from Sandra, or our other guests.’
‘So kind. Tell me; are you a friend of … of ... of his? Or do you know my daughter?’
‘Sadly I’ve never met Sandra. But Johnny has often talked about her.’
‘Well that doesn’t say much.’
‘No matter what you think of him -. Oh dear, I was going to call you Sandra’s Mum. But I cannot keep calling you that. You are Mrs?’
‘Bell. Mrs Bell if you’re a friend of his?’
‘Not so much a friend, Mrs Bell. He was such a character that he made a deep impact on everyone. Even at first meeting. You know, I can see him now, gesticulating wildly and… and you know how he was? But as for me I’m not a friend as such. So, can I call you Joyce? You’ll allow me to call you Joyce, won’t you?’
‘No. I think formality is such a necessary virtue. Don’t you agree Mr not-so-much-a-friend-of-the-lazy-good-for-nothing Johnny Bee?’
‘Beverley Berkshire. Please call me Beverley. And I don’t call myself a friend of Jack’s. I’m more of, what you might call an informal, a financial advisor.’
‘Sort of financial advisor, you say? So the little runt did have money? Thought as much. Well I aim to make sure my Sands gets all she’s due. Living with that scum for over a year she deserves every last penny. And it’s now pay back time. And I mean big time.’
‘I agree, Mrs Bell. She will have every last penny. But, kindly, understand I can’t discuss his financial affairs with anyone but Sandra herself.’
‘And she’ll get everything he stole?’
‘Stole? Well I’m not so sure about that?’
‘Well the rest of us are. He was a right little tea-leaf, Mr Berkshire.’
‘I couldn’t say. All I can say is, that I know for certain that, he wouldn’t like that description of his business ventures.’
‘Business ventures my foot. He was a crook. Out and out and we all knew it. But her, sweet thing that she is. She turned a blind eye and pretended. So some good’s coming out of all this at last?’
‘But, Mrs Bell, would she want it if, as you say, it’s illegally gained?’
‘It’s come to her legit like. So why not? So, what she going to get?’
‘I will make sure that she gets everything she’s entitled to. But, I’ll warn you. I’m good but I don’t come free.’
‘And I thought you said you weren’t a friend of his?’
‘I’m not. But, Mrs Bell, even I have got to make a living.’
‘You sound just like him. Have you spoken to Sands about this yet?’
‘Naturally not. I came today to give her my condolences and say farewell to Jack. Not to talk to Miss Bell about money. Is she financially okay?’
‘Why you asking me?’
‘If she needs money then I’ll call on her sooner rather than later. But if she’s okay for cash, then I’ll let the dust settle first. As her mother; which would you advise me to do?’ Beverley requests oozing charm.
‘You tell her right now that that bastard’s been holding out on her. And you tell her how she can get the cash. Go on. She’s alone now. I’ll come with you.’
‘Mrs Bell, before we rush off. Don’t you think, perhaps, we should allow her this day to grieve?’
‘Then you come to the house at 11.30 tomorrow. I’ll tell her to expect you. Come alone. I’ll be there as well. 11.30 on the dot, not early and not late. She’ll be expecting you. Now get lost. I’ve a daughter to comfort and something tells me, perhaps it’s my mother’s intuition. But something’s screaming at me that you don’t really belong here.’


Chapter seven

‘You don’t look like any kind of friend My Johnny would have had?’ Sandra notes as she opens the door to Beverley.
‘That’s because I’m not actually a friend.’
‘I said, Sands,’ Joyce Bell calls as she walks into the hall and looks at him. ‘Didn’t I say that he said he was a business associate, not a friend? Sometimes, Mr Berkshire …’ she says addressing Beverley as he fidgets in the hallway. ‘… that woman don’t listen to me.’
‘Some form of financial adviser, you said, Mum?’
‘Please, both of you call me Beverley. Besides these are all very loose terms. Any, if not all of them, could be applied to me in my present capacity.’
‘Whoever you are, you don’t half talk posh. Don’t he, Mum?’
‘Johnny, that’s not a good sign. Is it, Johnny?’ Cutter notices as he floats above the stairwell. ‘Your Sandies always liked men with a good vocabulary. Didn’t she, Johnny? He may look odd but he does talk well. And, Johnny, what was he in his previous life? Did you ever find out, Johnny?’ 
‘I didn’t ask.’
‘What’s he doing, Johnny? I can’t see anything from back here. I always seem to be in the wrong place. Johnny, do I always seem to get in the wrong place to you?’
‘Shut it! He’s about to ask another question.’
‘Can I come in? It’s rather public here on the door step. I’m sure you’d rather we had our conversation inside and away from flapping ears. Oh! Was that a door I heard opening? Nosy neighbours? May I?’ Beverley asks stepping between both women and across the threshold while smiling at them.
‘I guess you’d better come in. But you’d better be able to tell me where he’s hid his stash. I know there’s a lot more than what’s in the bank. There has to be. So where is it?’
‘Don’t!’ Beverley starts saying as Sandra starts to close the door.
‘Don’t what?’ Joyce Bell asks.
‘I was going to say don’t close the door he’s not fully through. But I reckon it doesn’t matter.’
‘What doesn’t matter?’ Sandra asks.
‘Sands, don’t let him in if he’s got someone with him. I told him to come alone. Who’s he brought with him?’
‘No one, Mrs Bell, I’ve come, as instructed, alone. Take a look for yourself if you don’t believe me.’
‘Mum, what you think you’re doing out there?’ Sandra asks as her mother steps into the hallway and looks around.
‘No. Let her look. She’ll see for herself that the corridor’s empty. It is empty, isn’t it, Mrs Bell?’
‘You two stop playing silly buggers and shut that door. It’s suddenly got so cold in here. And you letting all the heat out don’t help. Don’t you both suddenly feel cold? I think it’s cold in here. Mum, turn the heating up while you put the kettle on. You’ll take tea, Mr …? Sorry, didn’t catch your name.’
‘Beverley Berkshire.’
‘Yes, that’s it. Mum said it was an odd name for a man; some county or other. Mum, tea would be nice. Are you going –! There’s no need to- ! Okay, I know the door just slipped out of your hand and you didn’t mean to slam it.’ Sandra says to the closed door through which her mother had previously stormed out. Turning to Beverley she adds, ‘You know, Beverley, she’s been wonderful since it happened. But I really wish she’d go home. Oh! Isn’t it odd how grief makes one say things you wouldn’t normally.’
‘And are you grieving?’
‘Too right I am. In the eyes of the law he may not have been much but he was my man. I know you may think I’m only interested in the cash. And to be honest I do want it. You see I’ve accepted My Johnny’s gone. That he’s not coming back.’
‘Berkshire, you tell her I’m here. Why can’t she see me?’ Johnny demands.
‘He’s not going to come back. I wish … Still that’s …’
‘Berkshire, just tell her I am back. Tell her!’
‘Why did your folks call you Beverley? Was they having a laugh?’ 
‘No more than yours. Can we stick to the point?’ 
‘Do you mind if I call you Beverley?’
‘Feel free. You’re not into formality then, like your mother?’
‘That’s just her way with anyone she thinks is a friend of My Johnny. She’ll warm to you soon enough. Take my word for it. Now, Mum said that you’ve come to talk about money.’
‘I have a message from Jack.’
‘I knew it. He did have some hid somewhere.’
‘I think so.’
‘Think so? What’s the use of “think so”? I need cash, lots of it, and I need it now.’ 
As she speaks Sandra sits down and pats the empty space next to her indicating where Beverly should sit. Almost in panic he looks round the room. He see the armchair and slowly lowers himself into it. It’s what he considers to be a safe distance between the grieving widow and her, dead, man.
‘Did Jack have a lot of debts?’
‘Look, who’s asking? I’m the widow and I inherit. So I want what’s mine. And I want it now.’
‘Oh, Johnny, is that all she wants now you’re gone? She’s a sad and lonely woman, Johnny. Look at her she’s been crying again, Johnny.’
‘She may have been; but who for? She doesn’t seem to want to see me. And I came all this way.’ 
‘But, Johnny, how can she know you’re here? She won’t unless he gets around to telling her. Tell him to tell her, Johnny. She’ll want to see you. If she knows you’re here, Johnny. I’m sure of it.’
‘Berkshire, tell her I’m here.’
‘It’s not the time,’ Beverley says into thin air.
‘What’s not the time, Beverley?’
‘I wasn’t talking to you, Sandra. Sorry, may I call you Sandra?’
‘Well I say you have got nice manners. You may call me anything you like. Long as it’s flattering.’
‘Sandra, if I can be honest, I need you to help me out as I find I’m in a slightly awkward predicament.’
‘Oh, you talk posh. I like a man who can talk proper.’
‘She’s coming onto him! Berkshire –!’ Johnny starts to threaten but he’s interrupted.
‘Please. Let’s not get into any misunderstanding. I’m doing a job of work that’s all. Can we all settle down?’
‘I’m settled, Beverley. Do you like it when I call you Beverley?’
‘Certainly.’
‘Certainly. Oh, that’s nice. You talk really well. Do you know that? Sure you do. Go on. You were saying?’
‘Sandra, I know Jack left some cash hidden somewhere. I don’t actually know where it is. He’s not told me –.’
‘Then what you wasting my time for? If he’s not already told you then he’s not likely to now, is he?’
‘That depends on your outlook on life and death …’ Beverley stops talking and looks at Sandra from underneath raised eyebrows.
‘Go on. I’m listening. But if you’re going to tell me you can hear messages from the grave; you’ve got the wrong girl.’
‘Then I won’t do that. Only how can I convince you that I’m for real and that I am here to help?’
‘Take me to the cash and then clear off.’
‘I would, only …’ Again Beverley trails off and looks at her.
‘It’s that word “only” that I don’t like.’
‘Sandra, I think you’re a strong woman; so I’ll be honest. I’m a Medium by profession.’
‘A medium what? Actually I’d say you’re large to extra-large myself. But I guess now’s not the time to get personal,’ Sandra adds laughing.
‘I bridge the gap between - . No, first let me give you my card. I’ll put it here on the table if you promise not to throw it away for at least a month.’
‘Berkshire, what you playing at?’ Johnny demands.
‘Jack, leave this to me.’
‘She don’t want your soft soap. Just tell her I’m here and I want to talk to her.’
‘Who’re you talking to?’ Sandra asks noticing that Beverley appears to be talking softly into thin air.
‘Sorry, I was interrupted. Forgive me.’
‘You was talking to someone. Are you attached to a microphone? Shit. You’re police, aren’t you? Posh words and voices off. That’s police. I knew it. You’re trying to trap me into stitching up My Johnny.’
‘No, I’m not. Besides he’s dead. Who’d waste time trying to stitch up a dead man?’
‘You’d have your reasons. This pot of cash he’s supposed to have hidden somewhere. You’re after that!’
‘Do I look like a police officer?’
‘No, but looks can be … What’s the word?’
‘Deceptive,’ Beverley offers.
‘That’s the one.’
‘I’m not a police officer, Sandra. Look, here’s my card. Please hear me out?’
‘Go on if you must, ’ Sandra says avoiding accepting the card but watching as Beverley places it carefully on the table.
‘Then, after I’ve said what it is that I’ve come to say. Then, if you want me to leave I will. Only, if you do ask me to leave, can I come back in a week or two. After you’ve had time to think about what I’m about to tell you?’
‘I don’t know ‘til you’ve told me what you’ve come to say. I must say you’re making it all sound mysterious.’
‘I know that Jack did have some money that no one else knows about.’
‘Go on, Beverley, I’m interested.’
‘And I know he wants you to have it.’
‘As is my due,’ Sandra says standing up and walking towards him. She walks with a very feline wiggle.
‘As is your due. On that we all agree. Please, Sandra, sit down.’
‘What, here, next to you? These chairs have very wide arms. And I have a very small bottom.’
‘Sorry, was I sat in your favourite spot. I’ll move.’ He tries to get up
‘I’m comfy, aren’t you?’ Sandra asks as she pins him in the chair.
‘Move, Berkshire,’ Johnny demands. ‘Go and sit over there.’
‘Johnny, is she coming onto him?’ Cutter tactlessly asks
‘He’s encouraging her,’ Johnny insist standing over Beverly and glaring
‘No, Sandra. I’d rather sit over here. Across from you so I can see you. You’re such a beautiful woman,’ Beverley says quickly as he tries, once again, to put physical distance between them.
‘You can see me so much better from close up,’ she coos.
‘Sandra, you don’t understand, he’s here.’
‘Who’s here?’
‘Jack.’
‘Jack who?’
‘Your Jack, Johnny Bee.’
‘And me, Johnny, he’s forgotten to tell her about me,’ Cutter adds rather petulantly.
‘Shut up,’ Beverley demands loudly.
‘What?’ Sandra snaps.
‘Sandra, I didn’t mean you. Look I’m a Medium. I bring the dead and the living together. Jack’s here, in this room, with us.’
‘Where is he?’ Sandra demands.
‘Over by the window.’
‘Looking over at me?’
‘Yes.’
‘That was his favourite spot. But that’s easy; he’d have said. So, Medium Beverly, what’s he got on? What’s he wearing?’
‘Don’t tell her, Berkshire. Actually tell her I’ve got on a trendy black designer suit with thin, real gold, stripes. A brilliant white shirt from Milan and black shoes and socks from Paris.’
‘Sandra, he’s wearing a designer suit. A shirt from Milan and his shoes are from Paris,’ Beverley repeats the lie but with little conviction.
‘Then ask him where he got them from because when he died he didn’t have that lot on. And I didn’t burry him in it either.’
‘Sorry, Sandra, if I’d told you he’s stood in your window in his Y-fronts. Would you believe that?’
‘To be honest, yes, ‘cause that’s what he had on when he died.’
‘Sorry, I shouldn’t have listened to -.’
‘To him? Is that what you were about to say, Beverley? You shouldn’t have listed to My Johnny?’
‘Yes.’
‘It does sound like him. Is he lonely over that side?
‘Tell him, Johnny. Tell him to tell her that I’m with you so you don’t feel too lonely. That’s right. Isn’t it, Johnny? You’re okay having me around. Aren’t you, Johnny? Tell him to tell her about me, please, Johnny?’
‘Cutter -.’ Johnny starts to speak but Beverley interrupts him.
‘What have I told you both?’ Beverley asks. He then turns to Sandra and adds, ‘Sorry, Mr Music, said that I’d to tell you that he’s with Jack so that makes it alright.’
‘That sounds like the Cutter we all know and love. I guess he doesn’t like you, does he?’
‘How do you know that?’
‘He’s never liked anyone who took My Johnny away from him. Sometimes I think the guy’s gay.’
‘You put her straight on that one, Bev. I’ve had many women. Haven’t I Johnny? Tell him, Johnny. Tell him you know I’ve satisfied many women.’
‘He’s insisting that I clarify that he’s not gay.’
‘I love the way you talk.’
‘Thank you, Sandra. But Jack doesn’t appear to like it when you compliment me.’
‘And are you going to ask him what he plans to do about it?’
‘Is it unkind to remind you that he’s not told you where his money is?’
‘That’s a good point, Beverley. So, he is here then.’
‘And Mr Music,’ Beverley adds.
‘I didn’t know Cutter was dead.’
‘Tell her, Bev. Tell her to get the police to go to my flat.’
‘That’s difficult. Mr Music, Sandra, was murdered the same night that Johnny died.’
‘But that’s weeks ago. Why didn’t anyone tell me?’
‘I don’t think his body’s been found.’
‘But you know, Beverley, why haven’t you told them yourself?’
‘I live alone -.’ Beverley starts to say. 
With her interest aroused Sandra interrupts him. ‘All alone? All the time?’
‘Well, I was the night Cutter was murdered. So as I can’t vouch for not having killed him myself I can’t go to the police.’
‘Then how do you -! No, don’t tell me. I think I’ve got the message. You want me to believe that you know this because Cutter’s ghost told you?’
‘I prefer to use the word spirit. But basically, yes. The Spirits of Mr Music and Jack came to visit me and it was they who told me the whole story.’
‘And no one else knows?’
‘Not to my knowledge, Sandra. It’s just you and I and the murderer. And I don’t think the murderer’s going to call the police, do you?’
‘I can see that’s tricky. So how do we get the police to find his body?’
‘Johnny, isn’t that nice she’s thinking about me.
‘Sure, she’s got time for everyone but me. Berkshire, tell her I’m here.’
‘Exactly, Sandra.’
‘And, Beverley, you say Cutter’s with My Johnny?’
‘They’re together. There is something else.’
‘What?’
‘Jack’s convinced he was murdered as well.’
‘He could have; ‘specially if he had hot money. But it didn’t show so, however they did it, it was a real professional job.’
‘Sands, what have I been saying to you!’ Joyce Bell admonishes as she enters the room with a tea try in her hand.
‘Mrs Bell, you’ve made tea in a pot and china cups. How wonderful,’ Beverley observes standing up and walking over to assist her. ‘How may I help? Can I hold the door for you?’
‘I’ll manage. I’ll just put the tray down here. So what was you saying when I came in? Were you saying he did have money that wasn’t in his bank account? Sands, have you told this financial advisor chappie about the bank freezing his account as soon as they knew he was a stiffie? Go on, my girl, stick up for yourself; ‘cause in this world no one else will do it if you don’t. Besides, that kettle takes a long time to boil. You could do with a new one.’
‘Mum, I want more than a new kettle out of this. Besides you pour the tea and let me handle my affairs my way.’
‘But I did hear right. He did have money - so where is it? As Sands said it's not in his back account.' 
‘Berkshire, don’t listen to her, she's an interfering old -.’ 
‘Jack watch - .’ Beverley’s interrupted.
‘Jack? What you on about Jack?’ Joyce demands.
‘Mum, Beverley says that the spirit of My Johnny’s here in this room with us.’ 
‘Now that's enough! You just get out of here right now. My little girl don't need no scare stories. You get out.’ 
‘Sit down, Mum. I’ll decide who stays and who has to leave my own home. If you don’t mind,’ Sandra snaps.
‘Berkshire,’ Johnny demands flying to within an inch of his face and shaking a fist at him. ‘You made a mess of that. What am I paying you for? I’ll think twice about paying if you mess up again.’
‘Pay me? That’s rich coming from you,’ Beverley scoffs, a little too loudly.
‘Done nothing, Sands, he has and already he’s after money.’
‘No, Mrs Bell. Well, yes, but not from Sandra.’
‘Then who were you asking for money, Mr Berkshire? Me? That’s a laugh; ‘cause I don’t have any. And even if I did, I pay on results not promises.’ 
‘Mum, he wasn’t asking either of us for money. He was talking to My Johnny. Who’s complaining that Beverley hasn’t done something that My Johnny expects him to. Am I right, Beverley, or am I right?’
‘Spot on, Sandra.’
‘She knows me even if you don’t, Berkshire,’ Johnny says turning to face Sandra. ‘Now don’t mess up again. Just get her to talk to me directly so I can sort all this out.’ 
‘Sands, love, I know you want to believe,’ Joyce says taking her daughters hand in her own. ‘But I really think he should leave right now. Trying to scare us like that and then asking for money. Sands, it’s not right. You must be able to see that.’ 
‘Mum, I can look after myself’
‘Berkshire, I’m telling you get her to talk to me.’
‘Will you all just shut up!’ Beverley almost screams as he stands up and covers his ears with his hands. ‘I need time to think and I cannot do it with a cacophony of three voices in my ears at the same time.’
‘I didn’t say a word, Bev,’ Cutters whines.
‘No for once, Mr Music, you didn’t. And I’m grateful that, on this rare occasion, your whine was silent. If only it could be for ever more.’
‘That’s not a nice thing to say to a dead man. Is it, Johnny?’
‘Sorry, heat of the moment an all that. Now, if you would all just let me ruminate for a moment,’ Beverley asks.
‘Don’t he talk nicely, Mum? I likes a man who talks well and so do you.
‘I’ll admit it, Sands, he’s got a way with words,’ Joyce adds smiling at Beverley as she pours the tea,
‘A way with words? Cutter, what the hell’s ruminate mean?’
‘Literally, Johnny, it means to chew the cud.’ 
‘He wants to eat? Like a cow? That’s all I need! My Sandra’s throwing herself at a man who wants to eat grass like a cow.’
‘No, Johnny, he’s using it metaphorically. What he’s trying to say is that he needs to think things out.’
‘Then why don’t he just say that! Where did I go wrong?’ Johnny asks throwing his hands in the air and flying back to the window.
‘Look, can we all just take a moment to reflect - .’
‘Berkshire, cut the crap and tell her I’m here,’ Johnny demands.
‘Mr Berkshire, cut the crap and tell us where the cash is,’ Joyce demands.
‘Bev cut the -.’ Cutter starts to say but isn’t allowed to finish.
‘If anyone else tells me to cut the crap I’ll walk out of here and wash my hands of the whole kit and caboodle of you!’ he roars.
‘Kit and caboodle. I’ve never been called that before. Oh, Beverley, come and sit by me and I’ll keep the nasty noises from you,’ Sandra coos softly.
‘She wants to stuff her boobs in your ears, Bev. Sorry. Johnny. Don’t look at me like that, Johnny. But it’s obvious she does. She wants to stuff her boobs in his ears and drown out the noise. She said so.’
‘Well, guys, it’s one sure way to cut out all extraneous noise,’ Beverley adds hoping a joke will soften Johnny’s jealousy.
‘Oh, posh, did you hear that, Mum?’
‘What language are you speaking? Can we get back to the point? Berkshire, the point of this exercise is for me to get to talk to Sandra.’
‘Can I have some order, please? I need to think. Sandra, you want the money. Johnny wants you to have the money. Mr Music wants you to know he’s here. So there’re three clear objectives. Can we start with those?’
‘Yes, Beverley, now tell me where My Johnny’s money is?’
‘I don’t know. Jack -.’
‘I know; he’s not told you yet. But your hot line to the other side will be reconnected shortly and he’ll tell all then. That it?’
‘Cut the crap -.’ Joyce Bell’s interrupted, by Sandra. 
‘Mum.’ 
‘Not again. Don’t say another word. Anyone. Until I ask you a direct question,' Beverley demands.
‘Oh I like a forceful man,’ Sandra confesses.
'You may be my daughter but even I know you like anything in trousers.’
‘I said not a word,’ Beverley reminds them loudly.
‘But, Beverley, dear my heart’s pounding, pounding, pounding. Don't you want to feel just how much it's pounding?’ Sandra asks taking his hand and then placing it over her right breast.
‘No! No! Please don’t. No, not there! Gosh! Jack, no I didn’t. No honestly, Jack –! No don’t hit me. Well what did you hope to achieve by that?’ Beverley asks as Johnny, carrying out his threat to hit him, runs straight through him his arms flaying as he fails to make contact with anything.
‘Okay, so I can’t hit living things. But when I can, Berkshire, you’re in for the thrashing of your life. I came to you because you were an ugly brute.' 
‘So that's why you chose him, Johnny. That makes sense. You didn’t mind him being no good. You just didn’t want someone who Sandies’d fancy? But, Johnny, you forgot how much she likes men with posh accents. Didn’t you say to me, after we was newly dead -?’
‘Cutter, live up to your nick name and cut it. I want to make this clear, Berkshire, keep your hands off my woman.’
‘In case you’ve forgotten. I didn’t touch her. It was Sandra who placed my hand on her breast.’
‘I’m sure I did no such thing!’ Sandra replies in a tone of mock shock before softly adding, ‘Well perhaps by accident.’
‘Yes, play the innocent. I pick the ugly one and he turns out to be as randy as the next pervert. Get this straight, Berkshire, I don't want no flash Harry coming it on with my woman. Got it?' 
‘You tell him Johnny.’
‘You keep out of this, Cutter,’ Beverley replies.
‘Mr -.’ Cutter starts to say but is interrupted.
Laughing Beverley corrects himself with, ‘I know, Mr Music.’
‘Look both of you shut it. Cutter, keep out of it, and you, you keep your hands off my woman.’
‘Jack, she tried to seduce me.’
‘I did no such thing. What type of man accuses a widow woman of that?’ Sandra demands.
‘Yes, Berkshire, she’s a grieving widow. What's she want to do that for unless you encouraged her or used some magic on her? Whatever it was, keep your hands off. You understand?’
'Then you tell her to keep her hands off me? Or I’m going and you can all sort this out for yourselves.’
'You go then, Berkshire. See if I care. I saw what you did, and right under my nose. You got to have some cheek. Perhaps you’ve no need to leave. Perhaps it’s me who should go. Yes, I'll just go and take my cash with me.’
'No, don't do that. Sandra deserves your money -.’
‘Too bloody well right she does. Sands, who's he talking to? Is he calling the bank where Johnny put the stolen money? He’s always on that mobile of his. Every bleeding time I see him he’s talking to someone or other. I guess it’s one of them hands-free jobs. Is that it, Sands, love?’
'No, Mum, leave him to it. I only hope he knows what he's doing?' 
'And I hope you do as well. It's odd he knows someone called Cutter.’
‘It's not that uncommon a name, Mum,’ Sandra lies.
‘Sands, have you lost the plot?’
‘No, Mum, he knows what he's doing.’
‘And I hope you do. I've seen you like this before.’
‘Mum, a girl has needs …’
‘The hell you do,’ Johnny snaps. ‘Throwing yourself at him! Barb Doll, you're my woman so have the decency to give time for my body to get cold in my grave.’
‘Johnny, she's not worth it. Don’t go upsetting yourself; besides you've got me,’ Cutter adds. Perhaps not fully realising what a poor second choice he really is.
'She is worth it. What would you know? Tell her not to do this. Berkshire, I hired you. You leave my woman alone.’
'Jack, you've got nothing to pay me with.'
'I know where the money is and I'll not say a word unless you promise not to try to make it with my woman.' 
‘Jack, why deny her happiness. The happiness that you would have given her if you'd still been here?’ 
‘But I am still here.’
‘Oh, Johnny, sure you are. But, Johnny, not in any way that a woman like Sandies can use. Are you Johnny?’
‘Cutter, why you all ganging up on me?’
‘Let me restore order - .’ Beverley starts to say but Sandra doesn’t allow him to finish.
‘Beverley, you can restore order, with me, any time you like.’
‘Sandra, we must talk. Can we have a word alone. How about through here - ?’ He takes Sandra by the hand and walks towards one of the closed doors that lead off the room.
‘Oh, you're speedy. I like a man who's purposeful. Why we stopped?’
‘Just you dare take one more step, Berkshire, and I'll not be responsible for my actions?' Johnny, having flown across the room in order to be able to stand in front of the retreating pair, threatens.
‘Not responsible for your actions? What you going to do? Send us en masse to the toilet?’ Beverley asks laughing.
‘Toilet did you here that, Mum? Isn't that posh. My Johnny always said bog. Now how common’s that? Beverley, are we still going in there for our private word?’
'No. Behind that door’s your bedroom, isn't it?’
‘Yes.’
‘The one you shared with Jack.’
‘See what I told you, Mum, he's got psychic powers. How else would he know that?’
‘A one in four chance,’ Joyce observes dryly.
‘Come on, Mum, give the man a break? Now, Beverly, what you want to say to me?’
‘It doesn't matter; he'll be there no matter where we go.’
‘Who'd be where, Beverley?’
‘Come on let's all sit down and think.’
‘Anything you say, Beverley. Only I’m just a frightened little girl. Can I sit next to you and hold your manly hands. Just like this?’
‘No. Look, I’m happy standing over here. Look, Sandra, and, Mrs Bell, I’m going to say something that will sound really odd. But you can test me any way you like. I have to tell you this. You have to know what it is that I’m up against if you want the cash.’
‘Go on. We’re listening; aren’t we, Mum?’
‘Yes.’
‘Jack Bee and the man you know as Cutter are both dead.’
‘We know that. Well I didn’t know about Cutter. But I knew about Johnny. So what’s your point, my Sands’s going to be a rich widow?’
‘My point is that I know they’re both dead because they came to seek me out, in spirit form, and told me.’
‘And you want us to believe this?’ Joyce asks scornfully.
‘Yes.’
‘How much money will it take for you to leave my daughter alone?’
‘It’s not that. Jack’s promised to pay my expenses. Please hear me out?’
‘Go on. Beverley, you told me all this earlier; while Mum was out of the room. You said Johnny and Cutter came to you as ghosts.’
‘As Spirits; I prefer the word spirit. But yes they came for my professional help. Jack wants Sandra to have his money. He’ll tell me where it is. His plan is that she retrieves the cash, pays me my standard rate, and then we part company and Johnny and Cutter can drift off into their new world.’
‘But, Johnny, he’s not told them to call the police? Johnny, how can I have eternal rest if no one’s discovered my body?’ Cutter observes.
‘Okay, Mr Music, I can hear your whining. We’ll deal with that shortly. Is that okay with you?’
‘I’m always last.’
‘Mr Music, please let me deal with one thing at a time.’
‘So you say the spirit of My Johnny’s in this room? Now?’
‘He’s behind you. Actually he’s sat on the back of the sofa you’re sitting on. No! Sandra, jumping up like that was the worst thing you could have done. You’ve upset him now.’
‘And what the hell does he think he’s done to me?’ Sandra snaps.
‘Tell her I love her,’ Johnny says softly while gazing lovingly at her.
‘He really wants to talk to you.’
‘No. It’s too spooky. Tell him. No, ask him -! What the hell are you staring at?’ Sandra demands of Beverley.
‘Sandra, he’s crying. Jack’s crying and Mr Music’s trying to comfort him.’
‘Tell him I’m sorry. Tell him to show himself. My Johnny, My Johnny, where are you? Come here. Oh my love forgive me? I miss you something awful. My Johnny, where are you?’ Sandra calls as she spins round and round as if trying to spot him in a crowd.
‘Stand still, Sandra. Jack’s standing directly in front of you. If he were alive you’d be touching.’
‘This is shit. I can’t hold her, touch her and she can’t even see me. Berkshire, do something!’
‘What do you think I can do, Jack?’
‘Then I’ll find someone who can,’ Johnny announces as he flies out of the room.
‘Johnny, wait for me. I’m going wherever you’re going,’ Cutter calls speeding off after him.
‘Sorry, ladies, I have to go and right now. You have my card. I’ll be in touch later.


Chapter eight

‘There you are, Cutter,’ Beverley says exiting the boat and looking along the roof.
‘I keep telling you it’s Mr Music to you.’
‘Then why don’t you call me Mr Medium?’
‘I will if that’s what you really want. But medium isn’t much of a recommendation. Is it?’
‘You know, Mr Music, you’ve actually got a point. Not that I’m trying to change the subject or anything like that. But what are you doing out here, sat on the roof of my boat, all by your lonesome?’
‘I want to be alone?’ cutter mimics.
‘Was that supposed to be an impersonation of Greta Garbo?’
‘Mr Medium, as you so obviously recognised it, it couldn’t have been that bad.’
‘I must admit, it was actually quite good. You’re a clever mimic, Mr Music. I guess films mean a lot to you.’
‘I can take or leave them.’
‘Is that why you spend so much of your time talking about them?’
‘I guess I spend more than my fair share of time in front of the box. It’s the old black and white films I like the best. You can escape from reality in the sure knowledge that good will always triumph over bad. Anybody missed me?’
‘I noticed you weren’t around.’
‘Anybody that counts?’ Cutter asks rather uncharitably.
‘I’d have thought that anybody who did miss you would count as somebody.’
‘Touché. I think that’s one to you.’
‘And with your point earlier; that makes us even. So what you say to calling it a draw and moving on? I’m genuinely interested in why you’re out here alone?’
‘That’s nice. No reason really. Well every reason really. I needed a little time to be on my own.’
‘Sorry, I didn’t realise. I’ll leave you to your solitary contemplations.’
‘No, don’t. You don’t have to go. Actually it’s good to have someone to talk to. Someone who isn’t Joh - or, umh …’
‘Johnny?’
‘I was going to say Johnny or dead …’ Cutter trails off.
‘I see. It’s a tough break for you, isn’t it?’ Beverley asks with genuine understanding in his voice.
‘You mean this being dead thing?’
‘Guess so. You give a very good public performance about being very upbeat about it. But I think deep down you’re more… how can I put this? That it is … Well that …’
‘You’ve no need to pussyfoot around me. Yes, being dead’s not to be recommended. And just when I thought I was getting my life back together. What’s he doing in there all by himself?’
‘Jack?’
‘Yes.’
‘Is this Jack just to change the subject Jack? Or Jack my best dead friend Jack?’
‘Now you’re being too cryptic. Don’t look through me like that, Bev. What you trying to say?’
‘Sometimes I don’t see what you two have in common. What is it that keeps you together?’
‘And you a Medium? Let me say this in words of one syllable that even you’ll understand. We’re both dead. Is that a good enough reason for you?’
‘Actually no. Besides, it’s not a reason why you were close in life.’
‘You think he was close to me in life?’ Cutter asks his tone not fully hiding his view that Johnny doesn’t actually allow anyone to get close to him.
‘Don’t you?’
‘You can never tell with Johnny which way he’ll blow. Sometimes he’ll be really friendly. Then other times he’d cut me dead. No pun intended.’
‘But he did come to you when you were in danger?’ Beverley points out the one redeeming feature of their relationship.
‘You mean the night I was killed?’
‘Yes.’
‘You know, Bev, I’ve been wondering about that. You think that means he cares about what happens to me?’ 
‘In his own way I think he does. I think he cares very deeply for you.’
‘Yes. In his own way and on his own terms.’
‘Isn’t that true of all his dealings? It’s on his terms or not at all. Only you can decide which is better.’
‘We go back a long way,’ Cutter says glancing along the canal path.
‘So he was saying.’
‘When?’
‘Just now. He was talking about how you two met and what you’ve been through together. He was quite … What’s the word?’
‘Sarcastic?’ 
‘No. Give his some credit. He’s genuinely emotional.’
‘Johnny emotional? Never! Well not unless it’s over money or a woman. Besides you didn’t answer me. What’s he doing in there all on his own?’
‘When I left him he was engrossed in reading an article in the paper.’
‘It must have been about him.’
‘I really didn’t see what it was.’ Beverley’s fidgeting catches Cutters attention and both men know that he’s just avoided telling the truth.
‘Sometimes it’s good to lie,’ Cutter observes.
‘I would have thought that if someone’s trying to be nice to you, Mr Music, then you shouldn’t throw it back in their face?’
‘Best not, eh?’
‘Sure thing, Mr Music.’
‘Johnny seems to be coming to terms with it.’
‘So do you; when the two of you are together.’
‘Does he know I’m out here, all alone?’ Cutter asks as once again he turns away.
‘You said you wanted to be alone. You can’t have it both ways.’
‘I did want to be alone. But that doesn’t stop it being nice when people notice when you’re ...’
‘Quiet?’
‘I guess that’ll have to do, Bev.’
‘Jack’s attuned to your emotions. Don’t forget he knew you were in danger the night you were killed.’
‘So you keep saying. So why are you out here, seeing if I’m okay, and not him? What’s so important in there?’ 
‘He’s tied up with trying to turn the pages of the newspaper. Besides, and I know I’ve not known him for as long as you, it’s obvious to me that superficially he’s not one to think about other people. Until he needs them, that is. However, he turned up trumps for you, Mr Music. And that’s important.’
‘You’re right. And not just that time. I wish you weren’t. But you are. So, what’s he reading that’s so interesting and takes up more than one page?’
‘It’s…  Oh, I can’t rightly remember. I think it was the … No, no. I really can’t remember,’ Beverley once again avoids telling the truth and turns away to try and hide the fact.
‘Can’t remember my foot! And you’ve every reason to turn away, Beverley Berkshire! Come on, say it. I’ve got to hear it sooner or later. Shall we start this conversation again? This time without you trying to protect my feelings? I say “What’s it that he’s reading” and you reply?’
‘The local paper has a lengthy article about a certain autopsy, and … And I’m finding this surprisingly difficult.’
‘Too right, Mate. I think I’ll let you call me by my real name from now on. I like a man who’s sensitive to the feelings of others.’
‘That’s what I mean about the mismatch between you and Jack.’
‘You never heard that opposites attract?’
‘Heard it. Don’t believe it.’
‘Even with the evidence right in front of you?’
‘Even then. Besides there’s that other saying …’
‘And don’t tell me, it’s the “birds of a feather”, one?’
‘Actually I was thinking of “the exception proves the rule”.’
‘No matter what the saying is; it still don’t alter the fact that you’re trying to save my feelings. Go on, admit it, they’ve found my body. Is that what you’re trying to say?’
‘Yes. Yes, that’s what they’d done.’
‘And that someone’s done a post-mortem on it?’
‘Yes.’
‘Sick. My body stretched out on the carving table for all the inexperienced butchers to practice on me. As if the bullet hole in the head isn’t reason enough for being dead. It’s now cut up under the surgeon’s knife. I guess they’ll not need to bury me. They can offer me on the butchers slab at so much a pound.’
‘Kilo.’
‘Okay, kilo. My body, found, beaten, broken and …’
‘Yes, that’s about it. Sorry, Benjamin.’
‘Benjamin! Now that takes me back! It’s been a long time since I was called Benjamin.’
‘Would you prefer it if I called you Ben?’
‘I don’t know? You see my mum always called me Benjamin. “Benjamin” she’d yell at the top of her voice. “Benjamin don’t do that! Benjamin get in here. Benjamin whatever it is you’re doing stop it right now.” She had a very posh high pitched voice. Sorry that wasn’t a very good impression of her at all.’
‘It sounded good to me. A sort of strident urgency tinged with guilt.’
‘That’s it, Bev. That’s just how she sounded. It was always the same. She’d call me in thinking I’d been naughty and she’d box my ears just in case. And you know what, the first time it happened she was standing at the back door and called me. I went running up to her thinking I was in for a treat.’
‘I know that trick,’ Beverley admits with true feeling.
‘I wasn’t fooled the second time. It was always that same pitch and tone. I quickly got to recognise it and decided that to be safe I simply wouldn’t reply. Odd that I learnt to change my behaviour but she didn’t.’
‘Yes, it’s all in the tone.’
‘It’s almost as if you knew her. Did you know my old mum?’
‘No, but I know the type,’ Beverley adds smiling at his own childhood memories.
‘Yours as well, Mate?’
‘Mine as well. She’d screech “Beverley” at the top of her voice. You’d hear it all the way down the street and the other kids … Well you know what kids are like. And I had the name Beverley to contend with. Well, it made my life hell. And yours?’
‘Yes, I couldn’t wait to leave home. I guess I’ll be seeing her again soon.’
‘Perhaps it won’t be that bad where you’re going.’
‘That sounds like advice from one who’s staying well and truly put to one who’s about to embark on a very frightening journey.'
‘Sorry, as the words came out even I thought I sounded pompous. I didn’t mean to. It just came out that way.’
‘Forget it; I have.’
‘Ben, I really don’t know what I can do. But if there’s anything at all I can do, you only have to ask. Hope you know that?’
‘I guess I do. Funny, I feel closer to you and in ways that I’ve not felt to any other living soul for years. Odd isn’t it? I’ve to die before I experience feeling close to another living being.’
‘I guess in adversity it’s human nature to establish relationships quickly.’ 
‘That would make some sort of sense on a primitive survival level. But, Bev, do you know what we’re going to be faced with when this phase, whatever it is, is over?’
‘No.’
‘So the spirits don’t tell you what it’s like on the other side?’
‘Sorry, no. But, Ben, most say they’re happy.’
‘Most?’
‘Well, to be honest I can’t remember even one of the spirits saying they preferred it when they were alive.’
‘They wouldn’t, would they?’ Cutter reflects.
‘Perhaps not.’ 
‘Not a lot for a life, is it?’
‘What?’
‘My epitaph. What’s it say, in the paper, local musician found dead? That isn’t much to show for a life’s work, is it?’
‘How many of us get the opportunity to have even that said about us? Actually, in the paper, it said you were a well-respected musician. You had a loyal fan base and you were a good guitar player. In fact there were some very nice comments about you from people who knew you and from some of the band members you’d worked with. You really should take a look.’
‘Perhaps I will, later.’
‘As and when you’re ready.’
‘Bev, I was good. The problem is that there are so many other good musicians out there who’re equally good. I guess if truth be told, I was good, but I wasn’t nothing special. Just good.’
‘Now that’s also an epitaph that not many of us can claim. Especially Jack.’
‘Being good isn’t good enough these days. Besides Johnny never was that interested in music. It was always a means to an end for him. Whereas for me -. But what the hell does it matter now?’
‘It matter to you, so it matters. Actually, I know earlier I said I wasn’t into your type of music. But after reading some of the comments about you from your contemporaries, I’d have liked to have had the chance to hear you play.’
‘That good are they?’
‘All of them said you had a unique and gentle touch, Mr Music.’
‘Bev, it’s my obituary. There’re not likely to say, “he sucked”, are they?’
‘No, but they didn’t have to be so positive.’
‘I guess they wanted their names in the paper.’
‘Even in obituaries? Were they that desperate for publicity?’
‘You don’t know many musicians, do you, Bev?’
‘Is it obvious?’
‘Yes, we’d do anything to see our names in print. Even die.’
‘They said you could make any guitar sing sweeter,’ Beverley adds, hoping the accolade will cheer Cutter up.
‘I was damn good; when I was sober.’
‘Was that often?’
‘Yes. If I knew I had a gig coming up I’d be sober. It’s the gigs I got when I wasn’t expecting work that were the problem. Then there I’d be, pissed or something, and the phone would ring and there’d be the offer of work for that night, or the next if I was lucky. But more often than not it was for the same night. I wasn’t special but I did have a style that was all my own.’
‘I’m sorry I didn’t see you perform. Was that you singing when I came on deck just now?’
‘Yes.’
‘It was quite eerie. The mist on the water, the moon dropping low in the sky yet still full and bright, a hazy figure sat on the roof of my boat and this soft melodious voice drifting on the damp air sweetly singing an old fashioned hymn low and soft. You religious, Ben? It sounded as if you were?’
‘I went to Sunday School, as a kid. Well, I was sent there so mum and dad could bonk each other without me asking them what they were doing.’
‘I guess that’s how many parents found time for each other when our generation was young. Did you keep your faith, I mean in later life, Ben?’
‘I did intend continuing to go to church when I was an adult. But music, drugs and booze soon took all that away from me. Somehow I never got back into it. I guess it’s too late now. You think fallen angels get a second chance when they get to the pearly gates?’
‘Who can say? But if I were God, I’d let you in.’
‘Pity for me then that you ain’t,’ 
‘I guess you’re right. You know you’re quite a mixture. How come you got involved with Jack?’
‘Thanks. But it’s all too late, isn’t it? I guess I’ve got a future of burning flames and eternal torture ahead of me.’
‘Why wasn’t your guitar found in your flat?’ Beverley asks Cutter the question that the police have been asking for help with.
‘You know about that?’
‘It’s in the papers. The police are asking for help to find it. They think it may hold a vital clue as to why you were killed.’
‘Fools.’
‘So it isn’t a clue?’
‘No, Bev, it’s simple. I pawned it on the way back from the gig.’
‘Why?’
‘Because I had money in my pocket. That means I drink. And when I’m drunk I drink more and more. In fact more than I’ve got money for. So I hock everything I have of value. Don’t look at me like that. So it’s sordid. But it works for me.’
‘And that’s what you did that night?’
‘I have this system. I sell it to a friend. I then give him the money to buy it back. On the proviso that he returns Carrie to me only when I’m sober.’
‘Complicated?’
‘As I said, it works for me,’ Cutter adds a far-away look in his eyes as he thinks of his guitar. 
‘And who’s Carrie?’
‘After that Cliff Richards hit? I name all my guitars after women.’
‘I can see the resemblance. Didn’t someone famous call his guitar Lucy, or something?’
‘You don’t think of me as being someone famous then?’
‘You know what I mean,’ Beverley extricates himself with good humour.
‘Sure I do. The great BB King called his Lucille. ’
‘Yes that’s it. I read about it somewhere. And you did all this at midnight after playing a gig?’
‘Yes, my guitar’s with Yard. He’s the drummer for the band I was playing with.’
‘Prick the Finger.’
‘Hay, you remembered. Now that’s good karma man,’ Cutter announces in true 60’s hippy style.
‘You’re still a real person to me.’
‘But not to anyone else. I’m …’
‘Come back inside. Jack’s getting overbearing.’
‘I need a few more moments. You go ahead. I’ll be okay. Besides what can I do? I can’t self-harm. Or commit suicide. Watch this –.’
Cutter slides off the roof of the boat and hangs in mid-air over the canal. He then plummets towards the water like a stone. His fall’s arrested, six inches above the surface of the water, by unseen forces.
‘Ben, stop. No! Don’t! Oh don’t ever do that again. You scared me. Mind you it’s quite funny. When did you realise you could do that?’ Beverley asks after watching Cutter’s antics with his heart in his mouth.
‘I was sat up here thinking about my reality and I just threw myself off the roof into what I thought would be the water. Only the water didn’t want me. And as you can see I just hang a couple of inches above the surface. You know it’s quite comfortable. It’s actually like what I imagine it’s like when you’re a baby in a cradle.’ As Cutter talks he half reclines on his back with his hands under his head, still suspended in mid-air, a few inches above the water.
‘Actually you look very comfortable. Just like all those cartoon ghosts. Only they lie on clouds whereas you’re suspended in thin air. Come back, even after your demonstration, I’m still half expecting to see you fall into the briny.’
‘Briny? That’s a canal down there, Mate, not the sea.’
‘So we’re going to argue over technicalities. It’s still water; and not very inviting water at that. Some of the stuff that floats by this boat has to be seen to be believed.’
‘Spare me the details. Besides now that I can sit down I like the feel of a hard surface under my bum. Bev, can I give you some advice?’
‘Is this going to be about Sandra?’
‘’Fraid it is,’ he replies flying back and then sitting next to Beverley.
‘She was fooling, wasn’t she? At her place the other day?’
‘Don’t get me wrong, Bev, Sandies is a wonderful woman. But in his eyes she’s still his woman. And he doesn’t want anyone else making it with her. If you gets my meaning?’
‘I do. And to be honest, in his position, I’d feel the same. Besides she isn’t my type. She’s a gorgeous woman. But, well to be honest I like mine more natural than that. I mean -.’
‘You don’t like her best assets?’ Cutter demands astounded.
‘No. I’d prefer her if she’d not had the operation but had remained as nature intended.’
‘Well, it’s all a matter of taste. I like them. The bigger the better in my opinion.’
‘I can see that. But she came on to me and what man wouldn’t be flattered. Besides I couldn’t push her away. Not with him watching, could I?’
‘What you need to understand is that Sandies likes to play in public. You go round there on your own and you’ll see she’s a totally different woman.’
‘I don’t think I’d get out without having my innocence shattered.’
‘Trust me on this one, Bev. She only does it to prove she can. If she doesn’t have an audience then she’s not interested. You should have seen her performance at the club.’
‘Was this his club?’
‘Do you remember everything that’s said to you, Bev?’
‘Not everything. Only the important things. So was she the dancer who caught the eye of the owner. Is that what happened?’
‘Something like that. But to be honest - . Bev,’ Cutter says changing both the subject and his vocal tone. ‘I hate to tell you this; but behind you there’re two police officers walking towards us. You think they’re looking for you?’
‘Good morning, Officers, how can I help?’ Beverley asks with out turning round to face them.
‘My colleague and I are looking for Beverley Berkshire. Your wife, perhaps, Sir?’ The male officer asks.
‘Sir, how did you know we were police officers? You said, “Good morning officers” before you’d even turned round and seen us?’ The female office asks without allowing Beverley the opportunity to answer her colleague’s question.
‘Officer, isn’t it obvious, it’s the boots. No one else wears them that big. Or so I’m told.’
‘Now that’s a very original joke, Sir. But I’d still like to know how you knew we were police officers before you saw us?’
‘I guess I’m just intuitive. As to your other request; you need look no further for you have found who you are seeking. Oh! I can see by the look of incredulity on your faces that you’re not happy with something I’ve said. Now, what could that be? My name, no, it could not be that. Not from an officer of the law. So it must be my earlier answer. Okay then I confesses; I realised that you were both officers of the law because of the natural authority in the tone of your voice. Oh, and I also saw a reflection of your uniforms, just for a split second, in the window of Esme as you walked along the tow path. ’
‘Very observant, Sir. Is Mrs Berkshire at home?’ the male offer asks dismissively.
‘I am at home. And as it’s obvious now that neither of you passed the diversity training, I’ll inform you again, I am Beverley Berkshire.’
‘Good one that, Bev,’ Cutter informs him after spending some time looking over the female officer. ‘That female officer’s a good looking woman; in a severe way. He’s still wet behind the ears. Look at them both stunned into silence. Go on, invite them in for tea, Bev.’
‘How can I help you?’ Beverley asks before taking Cutters advice. ‘Look at me,’ he intones in a very theatrical manner including hand gestures. ‘I’m forgetting my manners. Would you like to come inside and discuss, whatever it is that you want to talk to me about, over a cup of herbal tea? I’ve a fine selection, even if I do say so myself.’ Beverley stands up and points to indicate for them to go inside.’
‘We’d rather you came to the station with us, Sir. We need to talk to you about the murder of a local musician called …’
‘Look at that, Bev, they’ve come to question you about me and they don’t even bother to learn my name.’
‘Put your note book away, Officer. The man you’re asking about is Mr Benjamin Walker. Stage name Mr Music. Did either of you ever see him perform?’
‘Not my scene, is it yours, Kathy?’
‘’Fraid not. I’m not into pub gigs with untalented, untrained -.’
‘Sorry to stop you in mid flow, Officer. I am fifteen, perhaps even as many as twenty years older than both of you.’
‘Both of them put together, Bev,’ Cutter interrupts. ‘Oh, sorry, bit tactless of me. But it was only my little joke. Gosh the living can be so touchy sometimes. Bev, I hate the silent chastisement treatment. Look, take your nose out of the air. I was commenting on their youth not your age. ’
Beverley continues, ‘Sorry, Senior Moment there. Rogue particle interference; so to speak. Where was I? Oh yes. In all my extra years on this planet I have discovered that it’s best not to talk ill of things you’ve not experienced yourself. Besides, you say you didn’t go to hear him because it was not your sort of music? How do you know what sort of music he played?’
‘Sir, time is short and this is a murder enquiry. So if we can stick to facts?’
‘His career, his music, Officer, may be the very facts that you need to stick to. Ben was famous around the clubs and pubs here. He had a loyal following.’
‘We’ve also read the obituary, Sir.’
‘Cutter, as he was known to his many friends –.’
‘Cutter, Sir? That’s an interesting nick name. Was there any particular reason for him having such a violent nick name?’
‘You obviously didn’t know him, Officer. Do I need to call a lawyer?’
‘Sandra! My Barb Doll she’s come back to me?’ Johnny flies out of the side of the boat screeching with joy and almost bumps into Beverley.
‘Good God! What was –! Oh, Jack? Oh, shit,’ Beverley says without thinking.
‘That’ll take some explaining, Bev,’ Cutter notes smiling. ‘They’re both looking around expecting to see some bloke called Jack. You should have seen your face, Bev? You was shit scared when Johnny un-expectantly materialised like that. You didn’t know he could move so fast, did you? Neither did I. He flew out the side of your boat like a bat out of the proverbial and almost knocked you flying. Obviously he shocked you. But never mind that; them two cops are waiting for an explanation.’
‘Never mind them,’ Jack says flying back towards them. ‘It’s Sandra, she’s here. I know it. She’s very close. I can feel her presence.’
‘Johnny, you think because you want to see her then she’ll come. But it won’t happen. She’s not here, Johnny. The female voice you heard was that WPC. Not Sandies. They have the same accent. But it wasn’t Sandies. Tell him Bev?’
Beverley doesn’t reply because he’s too busy acting. He has his hands over his forehead shielding his eyes as if he’s looking into the far distance and scanning the fields beyond the canal. He looks left then right, then back to the left and then right again. He moves slightly as if changing his angle of view. He calls, loudly.
‘Jack, here boy. Jack. Jack. Jack! Damn him.’ Then in a more conversational tone he addresses his visitors. ‘Sorry, Officers, it’s that blasted dog. He’s got loose again. I saw him just now dash into that field behind you. He must have seen a rabbit.’ Beverley cups his hand to his mouth and calls, ‘Jack, Jack, here boy! Come here boy. There’s a good dog.’ He lowers his hands as he confesses, ‘Oh, I guess he can’t hear me. Sorry, but when I see him I do try to catch him and take him home. Now, sorry, what were you saying?’
‘Nice one, Bev,’ Cutter praises. ‘That’s a good bit of quick thinking.’
‘Are you any good with dogs, Officers? Still, I can’t see him now. Can you? He’s forever getting out without its owner. I wish they’d keep better control over it.’
‘Sir, if we could –.’
‘Beverley, why can’t you live in a street like everyone else?’ Sandra Bell calls to him as she staggers towards the boat. Her approach is somewhat chaotic as her high heels frequently get caught in the gunk on the tow path. ‘Look at this mud it’s caking my shoes. Oh, and who have we here?’ she asks as she arrives at the boat.
‘Berkshire, Cutter, see I told you. She was near and you didn’t believe me. Sandra, you’ve come to find me.’ 
‘Johnny, she looks right tasty in black. Don’t she, Johnny. You must be proud of her? She’s doing you proud. Don’t you think so, Johnny? Look she’s walked straight through you on her way to where Bev’s standing. Johnny, it’s for the best if you just realise that she can’t see you. Isn’t it, Johnny?’ 
‘Sandra, what a nice surprise. It’s good to see you. Look this tow path’s too narrow for us to stand around on. Shall we go on board? Sandra, if you’ll take my arm? And, Officers, if you’d care to follow as I lead the way?’
‘Delighted,’ Sandra notes as she walks down the steps and enters the cabin. ‘Oh, it’s so sweet. Just look at those darling little steps. And over there that tiny sink. And just look at that table. It’s like doll’s furniture and you such a big man. How do you fit in here?’
‘Officers, if you’d care to go through,’ Beverley requests as he stands back and lets them pass ahead of him.’
‘Look at these windows. And they open on these miniature catches. Can I open one, Beverley? Please say I can.’
‘Please do. It will get hot in here with the six of us.’
‘Six, Sir?’ the female officer asks.
‘Oh, Beverley, you naughty boy. Haven’t you told them you see ghosts?’
‘Ghosts, Mr Berkshire?’
‘Yes, ghosts, Dear Lady, I’m a Medium.’
‘And are there ghosts on this boat with us now, Mr Berkshire?’
‘Yes, Dear Lady. And even with my back turned to you I can still see what you’re doing. I’d like to put it on record that, contrary to your assumption, I am not cuckoo. And that circular motion with the forefinger around the temples is so old hat. No it’s not magic or done with mirrors. You’re reflected here in my kettle. However, I find that once again I’m required to suggest that you don’t mock what you don’t understand.’
‘You tell her, Bev. Stuck up bitch. She’s got a thong on.’
‘Cutter, how come you two’ve suddenly got so friendly? What’ve I missed? How do you know she’s got a thong on? She’s wearing trousers? No, don’t tell me,’ Johnny adds actually fully aware of how Cutter would have acquired this information.
‘And you are, Miss?’ the female officers asks.
‘I’m Sandra Bell. It was My Johnny that died two weeks ago.’
‘Are you the Mrs Bell that called the police to report the death of one Benjamin Walker?’
‘No we didn’t. We reported him missing. Said he hadn’t come to the funeral of his best friend, My Johnny. And also that he hadn’t been seen around for a couple of weeks. So my Mum calls and ask for someone to go round and check on him.’
‘So you didn’t visit your friend yourself?’
‘He wasn’t no friend of mine. He was a friend of My Johnny.’
‘So you didn’t know he was dead? And, Sir, what do you know about the death of Benjamin Walker?’
‘I’ve made a pot of Camomile tea; it’s soothing,’ Beverley announces joining the group and avoiding giving a direct reply to the question. ‘I’ve not made it very strong in case you don’t like it. Shall I pour? Or would you like to be mother, Sandra?’
‘I’ll pour. It’s like living in a dolls house. Is there milk, Beverley?’
‘No, Sandra, it’s drunk as it is.’
‘I’ll give it a miss then. If you don’t mind, Beverley. You ain’t got some gin ‘round the place, have you?’
‘And may I ask how you got here today, Miss Bell?’
‘I drove. I inherited My Johnny’s car. It’s parked outside. Legal like.’
‘Then keep it that way, Miss.’
‘I’ll try the tea, Beverley,’ Sandra concedes taking the hint.
‘Now, Sir, you say you see ghosts.’
‘Ugh! I’m not surprised if you drink this muck! Beverley, it’s awful. It really is. You got anything to take the taste away?’ Sandra demands.
‘I’ve some peppermint tea. I could make you a cup of that?’
‘Have a peppermint, Miss.’
‘A real one?’ Sandra asks, ignoring the offer of a peppermint tea from Beverley.
‘A real mint. I’ve some in my pocket. Here.’
‘Thanks. Oh, that’s better,' she says enthusiastically sucking the mint. 'Sorry, Beverley, but I’ll never get used to that. It really is awful. How do you stand it?'
‘I like it,’ Beverley announces before sipping his with relish.
‘Sir, if we can get back to your involvement with -. Sir, what’s up? You look at if you’ve seen a … Sir, is something wrong?’
‘Look, this isn’t working. Why don’t I come to the station this afternoon? Say around three?’
‘That would suit us, Sir.’
‘I liked the tea. Thank you, Mr Berkshire. We’ll be going now. We’ll see you at three. We finish at five. Here’s my card. Ask for us P C Jones or P C Reeves. We’ll see ourselves out.’
Sandra and Beverly are silent as they watch the departing officers.
‘Good, I’m glad they’ve gone. I always feel guilty around them. Are you really going to see them this afternoon?’ Sandra asks when they’re alone.
‘Yes. But why have you come here. It obviously isn’t to try one of my famous homemade herbal teas?’
‘Homemade?’
‘Yes, I pick and dry the leaves myself,’ Beverley says with pride in his voice. Pride over his achievements as well as his culinary expertise.
‘Looks like My Johnny picked a right one here.’
‘That’s as may be. Now, why are you here?’
‘I had to get away from mum for a bit. And … Well, well it interested me what you said. What you said … What you was saying about … Damn it, don’t you believe in helping a girl out? Okay then, I’ll say it. Is it true what you say about My Johnny being back?’
‘Jack is with us in sprit form, yes.’
‘Is he here now?’
‘At last! Sandra I’m here. Here sat at your feet. Sandra, don’t cross your legs you stupid bitch! You’ve just smashed your foot into my gob!’
‘Johnny, she came to find you, that’s good. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘Sandra, just look at me,’ 
‘I don’t know how to say this, Sandra,’ Beverley almost whispers.
‘Just you say it like it is. Either he’s here. Or you’re a liar, Beverley.’
‘You’ve just smacked him across the face with the heel of your shoe.’
‘What!’
‘And now you’ve stood on his hand. And now you’re sitting on him.’
‘Shit! Where can I stand, sit, move. Anything?’ 
‘That’s fine. Just stand by the cooker and let him come to you. He’s over there by the door just looking at you and holding his hand. You hurt, Jack?’
‘Ghosts can’t feel pain, Berkshire. You should know that. But she touched me! She touched me and I so long to feel her.’
‘Is he hurt? My Johnny, I didn’t mean to hurt you? Does he know that?’
‘By the way he’s looking at you, Sandra, he knows. He’s got a smile on his face that stretches into next week, his eyes are alight and his head’s slightly inclined to the right.’
‘That’s My Johnny. Is he still in his Y-fronts?’
‘Don’t answer that, Berkshire. Why does she have to spoil it? Tell her I’ve got some other clothes on. Lie; tell her you get a suit of clothes when you die. She’ll believe it if you tell her. No, tell her I’ve got on what she cremated me in. Cutter, what was I wearing in the coffin? Tell him, Cutter, and then you tell her.’
‘He looks every inch your man, Sandra,’ is Beverley’s tactful reply.
‘Berkshire, that’s not what I told you to say.’
‘He’s still in his Y-fronts, isn’t he? I guess you don’t feel cold when you’re dead?’
‘They say that they don’t.’
‘What do we do now, Beverley?’
‘Wish?’
‘Wish?’
‘Yes, Sandra, wish. If you really what to see him, if you wish hard enough, then you will.’
‘It sounds more and more like you’re taking advantage of my widow’s vulnerability.’
‘You have to want to do this, Sandra. I tell you what. Jack’s stood over there by the door. He’s not moved since you came to stand over here. Ben’s sprawled on the couch.’
‘It’s a regular meeting house,’ Sandra notes.
‘Ben and I will go outside so you and Jack can try and meet each other. Ben, you okay with that?’
‘Sounds good to me, Bev. We could go and look for that dog that got lose? It’s been a long time since I went to see a man about a dog. What you waiting for?’
‘Jack, you happy with that?’
‘Guess so?’ Johnny replies without taking his eyes off Sandra.
‘Sandra, I’m going to leave you here on your own for fifteen minutes. If you want me back before then ring that hand bell. The one that's over there.’
‘This one, gosh it’s heavy,’ she says as she picks it up and rings it.
‘That’s the one. Take care, Sandra, this is powerful stuff.’
‘I’m beginning to feel it. Where is he?’
‘Where he has been throughout. Don’t forget; ring if you need me. But there’s nothing to fear. Except, perhaps, losing your own prejudices.’


Chapter nine

‘Look at me? I’m Sandra Bell and I’m all alone in a strange little boat and I don’t know what to say or do. If you are here; and in a strange way I do believe Beverley when he says that you are. So if you are here, My Johnny, why don’t you show yourself to me? Please?’
‘But, Barb Doll, I am here. Look, he said you’ve to want to see me. Look hard and try. Sandra, are you actually trying to see me?’
‘Do you like the suit? I’ve never had one before. I decided I’d buy one to please you. Does it please you, My Johnny? There I go again; talking to you as if you’re still here.’
‘I am still here, Doll. Just look at me will you? I’m over here. Barb Doll, I’m here by the door. Just where Berkshire told you I’d be. No, not by the sink! Why would a bloke stand by a sink? For heaven’s sake why do you want to stare at it? You’ve seen dozens of sinks before and the one you have at home’s much bigger and better than that one.’
‘It’s so tiny. You couldn’t get one of our dinner plates in there. I wonder where the dishwasher is?’
‘Who cares? Sandra, Doll, look over here where I’m standing. Over here, please. Barb Doll, you’re looking everywhere but where he told you I was.’
‘It’s a bit cramped and the furniture’s so old and drab. Not to our taste are they, My Johnny?’ 
Sandra finds her attention drawn to a cupboard. She tries to open it and fails. 
‘Why can’t I open it? You think he’s locked it?’
‘What’s all this talk about cupboards, sinks and dishwashers when you should really be talking to me? I’m getting a little annoyed over here. Barb Doll, don’t you remember anything from the time we spent on my boat? You’ll never get it to open pulling at it that way. You need to undo the catch first. Come on, Barb Doll, surely you remember what the cupboards on the True Love were like? They had catches -.’
‘This is exciting. I’ve not been on a boat since you took me out on True Love. You remember, My Johnny?’
‘She was a lovely boat.’
‘I was pig sick from the moment we set off to the very second we got back.’
‘I gave up sailing for you, Barb Doll.’
‘Awful, it was. Why anyone would want to do that’s beyond me. But this isn’t bad. And least it don’t move from side to side while going up and down at the same time. I think I could get use to this. Except it’s so cramped. Not like our pad, eh, My Johnny?’
‘I’ve just confessed that I gave up sailing, a sport I loved, for you and there you go prattling on about being cramped. Barb Doll, I’m here. Talk to me about something of consequence. Something that really matters; like us?’
‘I wish you were here, My Johnny, I really do. ’
‘Me too, Barb Doll. In fact you look real tasty in that suit. I wish I could hold you.’
‘I knew you’d like the suit. You do like it. Don’t you, My Johnny? Listen to me stupid or what? Here I am asking questions of the thin air as if you’re going to answer.’
‘I guess, Barb Doll, if we want something hard enough we’ll believe whatever anyone tells us; as long as it matches our expectations. And I want to see you and for you to want to see me so much.’
‘I guess I was just taken in by his promise of seeing you again, My Johnny. I should have known. Living with you I’ve met so many con-men. I guess I should have known. To be honest I just didn’t see this coming. At least he’s not asked for money. Well, not yet. And when he does I’ll be ready. I’ve decided, My Johnny, that now I’m a widow it’s about time I changed my style. Hence the suit. I’ll give you another twirl. Do you like how the skirt kicks out at the bottom? It’s designed to draw the eye line away from the top half of my body and onto the calf. According to the sales assistant; it’s more dignified having people looking at a well turned ankle than it is to have everyone gawping at my boobs all the time. They told me I had good legs, neat ankles and that I should focus attention on them. Show them off. I wish you’d tell me if you like the new me?’
‘Sure you look good. But you’re my Barb Doll and I liked the way you were. So why change?’
‘I like the new me. I wish I knew if you approved or not? What you think? Aren’t you supposed to be able to knock on the table or something? Isn’t that what’s supposed to happen?’
‘Once for yes –.’ Johnny says.
‘… and twice for no,’ Sandra finishes for him. ‘That’s how it works, isn’t it? Go on. Are you even trying? I can’t do all the work on this one, My Johnny. You have to try as well. You have to meet me half way.’
‘What you think I’ve been doing, Barb! I am trying but I’m not about to knock on the table. I won’t do it. Sandra, I’m here, by the door and in the flesh. Well almost in the flesh. I am real -. Well as real as I can be at this stage in my life - . Or death. Barb Doll, look at me. Turn this way –! And stop prancing around the room making the hem of your skirt fly up like that. It’s just not dignified to do all that prancing in front of your widower boyfriend. Is that what I am? A widower? I guess I can’t be. Or can I? I must be something?’
‘You’re dead, My Johnny, and -. And I’m dizzy! Oh I need to sit down before I fall down. Oh, I shouldn’t have done that last twirl. But I just love the way the skirt moves. It’s so grown up and sophisticated. 
‘You look good in it, Barb Doll. Even Cutter mentioned it. I wish I could hold you.
‘You always liked it when we was all dressed up and posh. I bet I could get into that Stars Are Out club now. Remember that opening night, My Johnny. The one when they wouldn’t let us in? I wonder who I could go with now?’ she asks lowering herself into the first available chair. ‘This furniture. It’s all … it’s all so uncomfortable. Like sitting on a park bench.’ She stands.
‘Barb Doll, I can walk up to you and you don’t even react. No raise of the eyebrows, no sparkle in the eyes and no smile of recognition. I’m in touching distance of you and yet there’s no bodily reaction from you at all.’
‘Do you mind me calling myself your widow? I know we weren’t exactly married. But we was as good as. Or I likes to think it so. I know we never even got ‘round to talking about it. But I’m sure we would have. If the timing had been right. Or if nippers’d come along.’
‘Nippers? Now that would have been something. You and me with kids, Sandra, who’d have credited it?’
‘But that won’t happen now, will it? You know something, My Johnny? I think I can feel you. It’s an odd sensation. Perhaps it’s just because that’s what I want to happen. But I really believe that, perhaps, you just might be in this room with me. I think I need to sit down. But where? The furniture’s all so small and uncomfortable?’
‘You look wonderful, Barb Doll. You look like a queen in your designer suit and high heels. Black suits you. Having only ever seen you in bright colours before except, of course, your undies. I’d never have thought it would. But you do, Barb Doll, you look good in black. Sandra, I wish …’
‘You know what I wish, Johnny? I wish …! But that’s foolish. I half expect you to materialise out of the walls, drop through the roof, like in that film, or something. I hope you’re here, My Johnny. I never thought I’d ever be in the same room with you ever again. Yet right now I do feel close to you. It’s almost as if I could reach out and if I just make that little extra bit of effort. If I stretch my arm out just that little bit further. Then, then I really would be able to touch you. But that’s fools talk. And don’t I look a proper idiot? A grown woman and here I am stood in the middle of a narrow boat, arms outstretched with nothing to reach for. I feel an idiot. That Beverley Berkshire’s got a nerve. Where’s he put that blasted bell?’
‘No, Sandra. Don’t move. I am here. I’m in your arms. Damn, you’ve moved away. Barb Doll –! Sandra why are you singing? What the hell is this? Why should you choose this moment to burst into song?’
Sandra sings a few lines of “Barbie Girl” before stopping. She has a quizzical look on her face.
‘It’s strange that that particular song came to me. Do you remember it, My Johnny? It was on that karaoke night at the Dog and Goose. We sang it together, remember? I did the girl bit and you did the boy bit. I got all the “I’m a Barbie Girl” fun stuff and you got all the “Babe” stuff. It was after that night that you started calling me Barb Doll. Remember, My Johnny? Listen to me. I’m beginning to sound like Cutter turning every sentence into a question. Johnny, if I’m honest, I hated it when you called me that.’
‘So why didn’t you tell me this before? You always smiled when I said it. And you acted like you liked it. So why wait till I’m dead and cremated before I get told the truth? Besides why tell me now? Now I can't do anything about it?’
‘I always thought Barbie was such a poor role model for girls of today. Besides, I wanted to be more than a girl to you. I wanted to be a woman.’
‘Doll, you was always all woman to me. In fact as much woman as I could handle.’
‘Sex, yes that’s what it all comes down to. We had good sex at the start. Then it dropped off when you were too busy doing your deals and stopping out every night with the lads.’
‘Well thank you so much! That’s a fine thing to say, ‘specially from the woman who could “Spend for England”. And who was the sucker who’d to earn it? Me, that’s who. And I’m leaving you very well provided for. And this is all the thanks I get? So you think I came in a few nights a little worse for drink? Well let me tell you this, Girl, I was lubricating the wheels of industry. Wheels that you fully enjoyed the fruits of.’
‘An apple? I can smell apples and bananas in fact a whole fruit salad. Where did that come from? It’s a bit early in the day for fruit salad. Perhaps he’s made one for his dinner. I’d like a domesticated man. Now that would make a change.’
‘Domesticated man? That’s a laugh. You wanted a hunter gatherer who could keep you and your mum. And now you criticise me for not doing the washing up?’
‘That’s another thing. Washing up! Oh, My Johnny, why the hell should I be thinking about washing up at a time like this? If you are here please show yourself? Johnny, you’re -. No!’ she screams. ‘Shit. It was just the curtain moving in the wind. When it started to move I did think it could be -. No I didn’t think. I didn’t think at all or I’d not have come here. I guess I just hoped. Hoped that I’d see you again. Hoped that once again I really would be in the same room as you. Oh, My Johnny, our bed's so big and lonely without you.’
‘I know Barb Doll –.’ Johnny starts to say but he’s interrupted.
‘I’m a woman!’ Sandra screams.
‘Sorry, I’ll try and remember.’
‘I am a woman!’ Sandra repeats softly. Before adding, ‘I really don’t know why I said that. Or why I had to screech it at the top of my voice. This’s doing my head in but I can’t stop. If there is a chance that you're in this room, and that I may get to see you and say good-by, then I’ve got to try and try with all my might. So, My Johnny, I’m sitting this one out till the bitter end.’
‘There’s a word for that.’ Johnny notes.
‘Tenacious, that’s what I’m going to be.’ 
‘You’re right, Bar-, Sorry, Sandra. You know sometimes, Sandra, it’s as if you can hear me. Can you?’
‘Speak, My Johnny, I am trying to hear you.’
‘Well that’s a first.’
‘Don’t say that! You know it’s not true! What? Who said that? No. This is weird. Did anyone say anything? This is getting spooky. He’s put something in here, hasn’t he? So that’s his game. Listen up,’ she says aloud into the air, ‘Beverley Berkshire, I know what your game is. You’re listening in and when appropriate you’re adding little effects to make me think My Johnny’s in here with me. Little touches like that curtain moving as if someone’s backed into it. Or those strange sounds I keep half hearing. It’s as if someone’s whispering, soft, low and gentle so I can’t quite make the words out. But they’re loud enough to trigger memories. Oh, you’re good. You’re very good. I bet you’re having a good laugh at my expense. Well I’m not laughing. And I’m not forking out any money for you. I thought you’d left me alone because you were sensitive. That’s a laugh. You left the room so you can listen in. Make things move and whisper words so I’d think My Johnny’s still here. But it won’t work. Now I know what your little game is you’ll have to stop. You’ve been found out. Game over. I’m just going to sit here, in this awful camp chair and wait.’
‘Sandra, I am here.’
‘I feel like singing,’ Sandra bursts into song loudly and with gusto. ‘I am sailing, I am sailing far away across the sea.’ Until she forgets the words. Then she adds, softly, ‘La la la la, la la la, la, to be with you to be free.’
‘You always did have a good voice, Sandra. The words, if you want to sing it, are Can you hear me through the dark clouds far away. I am sailing, passing high –. ’
She sings, ‘Can you hear me? Can you hear me through the dark clouds far away?’ She spots singing as she confesses, ‘I didn’t know I knew that line. Guess those karaoke nights weren’t wasted after all. Now why did I pick on that song?’
‘Because it’s my favourite and because you still love me?’
‘I guess it’s being on a boat. Sorry, My Johnny, you didn’t like Rod the Sod, did you?’
‘You stupid tart, I liked him very much. That was my favourite song. Don’t you remember anything at all about me?’
‘That was silly of me. We went to that gig of his, didn’t we? You liked him very much and that song –! I remember! I got it played for you on the radio. It was your favourite. And I thought I was singing it because I was on a boat. Silly me.’
‘Seems like you’ve already forgotten a lot about me?’
‘I remember you, My Johnny. It’s odd because at odd times of the day I’ll suddenly remember something about you that I’d not realised I’d forgotten. Does that make sense?’
‘I suppose it makes as much sense as you talking to a ghost, that you can’t even see, makes sense.’
‘This is odd because, in a way, it makes perfect sense to me. I guess it makes as much sense as me standing here talking to the ghost of my dead lover who I can’t see. Yes, it makes that much sense. You liking Rod the Sod. Fancy me forgetting that? You know, My Johnny, I was in the supermarket with mum yesterday and you know what? She picked up some posh lime marmalade that I took it off her and put back on the shelf and I said, as quick as you like, “My Johnny don’t like that stuff. He likes the stuff with thick chunks of peel in it”. Then you know what I did? I put the jar back on the shelf and picked up your favourite brand, dropped it into the trolley and then burst into tears. Right there in the middle of the shop. Right in front of everyone shop assistants, checkout staff, managers the lot. Right there and then in the middle of the store I was sobbing my heart out for you. I still am and I think I always will be.’
‘I’d eat Ruds Old English off the spoon it was so good.’
‘You only liked that expensive local stuff, Ruds. It cost four times as much as them other expensive brands; but you weren’t having none of them. I remember you had that disgusting habit. You remember, My Johnny? Remember eating it straight out of the jar? Ugh! I thought that was disgusting; and everyone else thought so as well. But it got you the pot to yourself; so I guess it had its advantages. Do you remember, My Johnny? A jar of Ruds, a spoon an you was a happy little bunny.’
‘I didn’t know you found the habit disgusting? In fact I remember one occasion with a jar of Ruds, no spoon, 16 fingers, four thumbs and you and me naked on the kitchen floor. You didn’t mind it one bit then, did you?’
‘Gosh, look at me, I’m flushed. It must be hot in here?
‘Sandra, my Sandra, I was so jealous the other day when you flirted with Berkshire. I know it’s unfair of me and I am trying to see this from your point of view but to be honest, Sandra, I can’t. I’m still here. I can see and hear everything that goes on and I’ll tell you this, for nothing, it hurts. I know you’ll find someone new sooner or later. You’re beautiful and young and I’d not want it no other way. But please not until I’ve gone. Please, Sandra, say you’ll wait until I’m properly gone?’
‘That Beverley’s very sexy. In a strange way.’
‘That’s what I mean. Sandra, stop it!’
‘I wouldn’t mind getting his Y-fronts into my washing basket. Actually, I bet he wears boxers. What you think, My Johnny?’
‘Sandra, what you playing at?’
‘I guess it’s because I’m here, surrounded by his things, all alone. Look a lone woman, and oh, my bra strap’s just come off, I’d better remove it.’ Sandra stops taking and starts to sing the tune that she used to strip to. ‘De dum, de dum de dum.’
‘Woman,’ Johnny screams, ‘put your top back on. Sandra -! That’s a nice bra, is it new? No, Sandra stop! Sandra we all know you’ve got great tits but I wish you’d put your top back on.’
‘De dum, de dum de dum, de dum, de de dum. That’s better.’
‘Sandra, learn the words if you’re going to try and sing.’
‘I’m sure that Beverley won’t mind me walking around here half-naked while I wait for his return.’
‘Sandra, get dressed. What you doing sitting down like that? Put them away you’re not on the front page of Triple B now! Sandra, where’s your sense of respectable widowhood that you were going on about?’
‘Come on, Beverley, you’ve been having an ear full; now come get your eye full.’
‘Now I know what you’re trying to do. You still think Berkshire’s listening in and that if he knows you’ve got your tits out he’ll not be able to resist coming back for a butches. Oh, Sandra, I’m sorry I ever doubted you.’
‘I guess I was wrong. He’s not listening in, is he? I guess he could be gay?’
‘He’d have to be not to be drawn to you, Sandra.’
‘Thank you,’ She adds softly while looking away from where Johnny’s actually standing.
‘What?’ Johnny whispers.
‘What was that?’ Sandra asks standing up and looking around.
‘Sandra you heard what I said?’ 
‘I guess it’s this place. It’s just so spooky.’
‘Sandra, I am here, sat at your feet and … and why you getting dressed?’ Johnny asks.
‘He may come back in at any moment and I’d hate him to walk in and find me like this,’ Sandra answers.
‘That bra’s left a mark. No, don’t cover up.’
‘Gosh, this bra’s left a line under my boobs. I guess I can slip it in my bag and go bra-less.’
‘There’s a lot to hang out, Girl. But they self-support so what the hell?’
‘This jumper will provide some support; it clings in all the right places.’
‘No, don’t put the jacket back on as well! Sandra, you’re covering up too much.’
‘I think I’ll leave the jacket off. Who the hell am I talking to? Am I going nuts, or something? I’ve read about that in a pamphlet I got from the doctors.’
‘Why did you go to the quacks?’ Johnny asks.
‘In the early days I needed something to help me sleep. Mum took me and she asked for them. I guess she couldn’t sleep what with me crying all night long and walking around the flat. I do that, you know. Just walk from room to room not really seeing anything but remembering things that you’d touched and actually seeing images of you in my mind’s eye. Like when the wide screen TV arrived. I could picture you standing in front of it saying, “I can afford all this”. Or when you were pouring drinks at the bar. It was only the best champagne that you kept in the integral fridge. It’s empty now. I guess I needed something to numb the pain. Perhaps it was a waste. I can’t say I noticed how special it was. If I’m honest I didn’t even taste it and now I can’t remember anything at all about it. Except that it got me pissed and for a while I forgot about waking up and finding your corpse by my side. And if I’m honest sometimes that was all I cared about. Being able to forget. So that’s what I did. I drank it all trying to convince myself that you’d come back and be annoyed with me. You see, My Johnny, I’d rather have you back yelling at me for senselessly drinking your vintage champagne than not have you with me at all. My Johnny! Come back to me, please!’
‘Sandra, don’t, please love, don’t. I hate it when you cry. Sandra, love I’m not angry with you about the drink. I don’t give a damn about it or how much it cost. You could have poured it all down the drain if that would’ve made you happy. Please, stop. I hate to see you cry.’
‘Listen to me. Right little fool I am. But they say you do it; and here I am doing it. Actually it’s mum who first warned me about it. She said she talked aloud to dad, the first few weeks, after he died. And she said I’d do it as well. And that I’d actually believe that I was really talking to you. But I told her that’s just silly. That she wouldn’t catch me doing anything as stupid as that. And now listen to me prattling on and on in an empty room.’
‘It’s not empty, Sandra, I am here.’
‘I can’t fool myself for much longer. I have to tell myself, “Sandra,” I have to say, “it’s an empty room and you’re a stupid woman for wanting to believe otherwise. It’s not full of people wanting to hear your tales of woe. It’s empty. It’s not even got in it the one person you want it to contain”.’
‘But I am here, Barb Doll -. Sorry, forgot. Sandra, I am here.’
‘It’s true you know, what they say about people who’ve suffered shock you do start talking to yourself. Okay, I was warned about that. But I appear to be much worse. I’m not only talking to myself but I’m holding conversations and actually answering unvoiced questions. Am I nuts?’
‘No, I am here,’ Johnny tells her softly.
‘Is it you, My Johnny? Are you really here with me?’
‘I’m here, hold your hands out.’
‘My Johnny …’ she says holding her hands out palm upwards.
‘That’s right. Just hold them still and I’ll try to touch you. Hold still. Stop shaking. I’m not going to hurt you.’
‘Ow! That hurt. What was it? Must’ve touched something hot.’
‘Something real hot, Doll, your Johnny! And I managed to make contact. I actually touched you. I felt your flesh on mine.’
‘For a moment it was like I was being burnt. It was real. Is that what ghosts feel like? I don’t know how he’s doing it; but deep down I know it’s an elaborate hoax.’
‘Then go home and I’ll come to you there.’
‘It makes sense. He sets this place up for these spooky encounters. What can be more ghostly than a misty river bank in the heart of a city? It won’t take much to make a lone vulnerable woman, like me, believe that she’s in the presence of her dead husband. That’s why he’s brought me here. I bet he lives in a posh house someplace. This is just his ghostly office. It’s very atmospheric. Let’s throw the gauntlet down and see if he can make it happen at my place.’
‘It will, Sandra, it will because I’m actually here.’
‘Who said that? What the hell am I talking about? No! Stop! Don’t! Go away!’ Sandra screams.
‘God! You always did have a loud scream. Stop it, Sandra. Shut up.’
Sandra continues to scream until Beverley runs down the short flight of stern steps and into the cabin.
‘Sandra, what’s happened? I heard you scream from where I was on the canal bank. I ran back as fast as I could.’
‘Beverley. Beverley, hold me.’
‘Sandra, you were always safe. What’s up? What happened? Here, sit down. Can I get you something to calm you? Perhaps a soothing infusion of Camomile tea -.’
‘Not that muck. A proper tea would be great.’
‘I may have a couple of Indian teabags in the back of a drawer somewhere. I’ll look in a moment. First, are you okay? You screamed. Did you see something that frightened you?’
‘No. I guess. I can’t remember. A shape. A movement. It looked like a pair of Y-fronts floating in the air about waist height.’
‘Berkshire, what is this? I try to make contact with her and all she can see are my Y-fronts.’
‘Sandra, is that shade of white, the one you’ve turned, your natural colour?’
‘Stop that, Beverley. He’s not here. But it was really strange. Besides they couldn’t have been My Johnny’s Y-fonts they were so dirty. They looked as if someone had lived in them for weeks. My Johnny would never do that. He was always very particular about personal hygiene. And once or twice I heard what sounded like twittering and scratching. Do you have mice?’
‘No. Sandra, think carefully before answering this. Could it have been Jack trying to contact you?’
‘Beverley, stop it. It wasn’t. There’s no such thing as ghosts. No matter how comforting to me that would be right now. I don’t know what it was. I guess I just got a little scared and, and I’ve not been sleeping well. So I guess I was a little susceptible.’
‘Are you Sandra?’ Beverley asks.
‘I was just a little frightened?’
‘What were you frightened of, exactly?’
‘I guess you said it when you left; I was frightened of losing my prejudices.’
‘Do you still want that tea? Because if you do, Sandra, then you’ll need to let go of my arm so I can’t make it.’
‘Okay, but you won’t go far, will you?’
‘Sandra, we’re on a 45 foot narrow boat, where could I go? You’ll be able to see, hear and talk to me all the time. Here, I have a box of tissues under that chair. I keep them ‘specially for emergencies like this.’
‘Thanks.’
‘I’ll put the rest here on the table, just by your elbow, I think you may need more than the one. The waste bin’s under the table. Now, as we wait for the kettle to boil, do you want to tell me what happened?’
‘We touched, Berkshire. I actually felt her and then she screamed.’
‘Thanks, Jack, now shut up. I’m trying to talk to Sandra!’ Beverley whispers.
‘Berkshire, I’ve had a shock as well you know.’
‘Shut up. She doesn’t need this; listen to her crying.’
‘Don’t snap at me in that whispered tone. I’m involved as well.’
‘Tea’s ready, Sandra, now tell me what happened. I’ll pour while you talk. Milk and sugar?’
‘Just a splash of milk, please, no sugar,’ Sandra replies between sobs.
‘You’re already sweet enough, is that it?’ Beverley jokes, trying to lighten her mood.
‘Look at her Berkshire! She’s smiling through her tears. And why aren’t you telling her that I’m upset as well? Don’t look at me like that.’
‘Johnny, why you think he’s ignoring you?’ 
‘Cutter, I don’t need this. Look at them all cosy with their little tea party! Well okay then, if that’s how they want it. Berkshire you go ahead and have your tea party. I’m going for a walk.’
‘Can you walk, Johnny?’ 
‘You coming, Cutter, I can see we’re not wanted here.’
‘Good,’ Beverley snaps aloud before realising what he’s done.
‘What’s good, Beverley? Me crying like a baby?’
‘If you like, yes, Sandra. At times crying can be good. Very good in fact.’
‘Berkshire I know that that "good" wasn’t meant for her and that you were actually addressing it to me in reply to me saying that I was leaving. Well I’m going. And perhaps I’ll not come back. And then where will your pay check be? You tell me that?’
‘Sometimes, Sandra, the spirit world just doesn’t seem to realise that we, the living, need their room and not their company.’
‘Sod him. Come on if you’re coming, Cutter.’
‘Sometimes, Beverley, you don’t half talk strange. So strange I really can’t understand what the bleeding ‘ell you’re going on about?’
‘Forget it. What I said wasn’t aimed at you. But it’s seems to have stopped your crying at least. Or was that my tea?’
‘The tea’s good.’
‘Good. Now, Sandra, you have my full attention. Would you care to tell me what happened in here?’
‘Full attention, you mean I didn’t before?’
‘Not while I was making tea, no.’ 
‘You’ve got to hand it to him, Johnny, Bev’s got a quick wit on him when it comes to explaining the unexplainable,’ Cutter says as Beverley turns to face him to acknowledge the praise. ‘Hasn’t he, Johnny? First that incident with the dog and the police. Then you and the tea and now this. He’s good at covering up. You think you have to be a good liar to be a medium, Johnny?’
‘I don’t care if he is or isn’t. I’m not staying around to find out. I’m off. You coming?’ Johnny demands.
‘It’s not lying, Ben -. Oh what the hell! Sandra please don’t turn your big blue eyes on me like that? Ben, please, will you go follow Jack. Make sure he’s okay.’
‘Beverley, who you talking to?’ Sandra, not unreasonably, asks.
He chooses to answer her question with one of his own, ‘Who were you talking to when you were alone in here?’
‘You’re right; this tea’s good. But there’s something about this place. It makes you talk to yourself. It’s very spooky.’


Chapter 10

‘Johnny, why you leave like that?’
‘Because.’
‘Because, what, Johnny. You’re not jealous of the living. Are you, Johnny? Is that it, Johnny? You’re jealous of those who’re still alive?’
‘Shut it, Cutter. I don’t need no censorship from you. My woman’s in there and she wouldn’t even try to see me.’
‘Johnny, did you hear him explaining the rules to her?’
‘What’s that got to do with anything?’
‘Everything. I’m sure I didn’t hear him explaining the rules to Sandies. Now I don’t know what possible reason he could have for not wanting her to know them. But, Johnny, he hasn’t said to her that she has to want to see you. Has he Johnny? And if I didn’t hear him say it then I’m sure you didn’t, hear it, either. Did you, Johnny? Did you hear him explain it to her?’
‘I still don’t see what you’re driving at?’
‘Johnny, I’m only saying this because –. This is only my opinion; so you can discount it if you want. I think he doesn’t want her to see you.’
‘You trying to stab him in the back yet a moment ago you and he were as thick as thieves.’
‘In an odd way I do like the man. But, Johnny, you and me we go back a long way. And you’re all I have this side of the grave. And what I’m thinking is why doesn’t he just say to her, “Look Sandies, you have to want to see Johnny. It’s the living that has to do the work; not the dead.” Or something like that. That way at least she’d know what it is she has to do. Perhaps I’m missing something. You think I’m missing something, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, how the hell do I know?’
‘Johnny, he’s just not giving her the guidance she needs. And far be it from me, Johnny, to tell you what to think. But, Johnny, ask yourself why he’d do that?’
‘What you think he’s got to gain?’
‘Your money, Johnny, your money.’
‘I’m only going to say where it is when I’m alone with Sandra and she can hear and see me.’
‘That’s real good planning, Johnny. But, Johnny, we’ve come full circle. Because if she don’t know what she has to do, in order to see you, then don’t you think she’d just expect that you’d be able to show yourself at will?’
‘There’s a lot of “she didn’t think” and “she didn’t do’s” in that sentence, Cutter.’
‘Don’t you think it would be natural for her to think that the dead can materialise at will, Johnny? I know that’s what I thought. Well, if I ever thought about such things that’s what I’d have thought. Until I died, that is, and learnt the truth. Don’t you think it’s only natural, Johnny?’
‘Natural? What’s natural? I’m dead. And I’m talking to you; who’s also dead and you blather on about this being natural?’
‘What I’m trying to say, Johnny, is that if she didn’t know -. And how would she know what she’s to do, Johnny, because he didn’t tell her? So, if she doesn’t know, what it is that she has to do, then it’s only natural she’d think that it’s up to you –.’
‘That’s the story of my life with that woman. She always thinks everything’s up to me. Go out an earn the money, pay the bills, manage the finances, order the things we need, deal with the creditors. Oh yes, that’s it, leave it all to Johnny. Well leave everything to Johnny but spending his hard earned cash. That she didn’t need help with. You know that woman would tell me she was going shopping. I’d ask her what for and she’d say nothing. Well if you don’t need nothing, I’d say, what the hell you going shopping for? Isn’t that reasonable, Cutter?’
‘It is to me, Johnny.’
‘But not to Sandra. She’d get all snooty and flounce out and then; would you credit this? Then she’d come home hours later, after spending enough cash to bankrupt a minor royal, and what would she have to show for it? I’ll tell you what she’d have. She’d have clothes, clothes and even more clothes.’
‘She always looks good, Johnny. You’ve got to give her that.’
‘But what she need all them clothes for? And why has she suddenly got it into her mind to start wearing suits? I’ll tell you for why. It’s so she can go out and spend more of my money. That woman’s isn’t happy unless she’s handing over cash or my credit cards.’
‘Johnny, don’t be too hard on her. It’s not her fault. And I’m sure you know that? She wasn’t to know. Was she, Johnny? How could she know what she had to do if Bev didn’t tell her? And he didn’t tell her. Did he, Johnny? And now she’s missed seeing you as much as you’re missing seeing her –.’
‘How you know about that? You been spying on us?’
‘No, Johnny, no.’
‘What you do with him then; while we was in there?’
‘We talked and walked, Johnny. Just talked and walked.’
‘I’d have liked to have seen that. What you talk about?’
‘This and that. But that’s not important. Is it, Johnny? What’s important now is for you and Sandies to see each other. Isn’t that all that matters, Johnny? Isn’t that what’s really important?’
‘She didn’t want to see me. She made no effort.’
‘No, Johnny, why you say that? I’m sure Sandies doesn’t feel that way. In fact, Johnny, I’m sure she really wants to see you. She just doesn’t know how or what she’s to do to make it happen. Isn’t that how you see it as well, Johnny?’
‘Why you always defending her? Besides you weren’t there. So how’d you know?’
’I keep trying to tell you, Johnny. But you don’t seem prepared to listen. Johnny, how could she know if he hasn’t told her what it is that she’s to do?’
‘She didn’t even try. She just stood in the room turning round and round while she admired her skirt. That skirt had more interest to her than I did. I ask you; is that any way for a widow to behave?’
‘No, Johnny, she could have spent the time talking about you and I’m sure she would have if she’d known you were there.’
‘She should have been able to tell.’
‘Oh, this is hard for you. Isn’t it, Johnny? This is only my opinion, Johnny. But, what if she thinks you can appear at will. Wouldn’t she expect you to be able to do that, Johnny? And doesn’t that explain the facts, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, you’re always defending other people. Why can’t you be on my side for once?’
‘I’m always on your side, Johnny, even when you’re … Johnny, why we arguing? It seems crass to mention it at a time like this; but you and me, Johnny, you and me’s all that each of us has.’
‘I think it’s him. Berkshire just doesn’t want her to see me.’
‘Johnny, I don’t want us to fall out, Johnny. But, but …’
‘But what? Spit it out man. After all you’re dead as well. Dead and done with. So don’t go getting ideas that they’ll be more friendly with you than they were with me.’
‘That’s my point, Johnny. We shouldn’t fall out. We need each other. We’re all we have this side of the grave. Besides, Johnny, what you need her for anyway?’
‘You may have a point there. I’ve no use for her. Whereas she’s lots of need for me.’ 
‘That’s very true, Johnny. Johnny, should we go back inside and see what they’re getting up to?’
‘No. I don’t care. They need me more then I need them. So let’s see who comes seeking out who first.’
‘Johnny, if you don’t need them then why don’t you lie down in your coffin and rest. Like what you’re supposed to do?’
‘Supposed to do?’
‘Yes.’
‘And when did you become the expert on what you’re supposed to do when you’re dead, Cutter? How do you know that what we’re doing now isn’t what we’re supposed to do when we’re dead? This may be it for eternity. Besides, you’re as dead as I am and yet you don’t appear to be lying down in your coffin and resting. So why lecture me?’
‘Not quite like you, Johnny, if you remember, my body’s still connected to the earth.’
‘You always hit between the eyes, don’t you?’
‘Sorry, Johnny, I didn’t mean to hurt you. I was only pointing out the obvious. You’re not really angry with me. Are you, Johnny? Please say you’re only having one of your little jokes.’
‘No, I guess you’re right. So why are we still here?’
‘Have you any ideas, Johnny?’
‘Not a one. I just don’t know what to do.’
‘Then, Johnny, can I make a suggestion?’
‘If you must, Cutter. If you must.’
‘Johnny, what if we tell Sandies to find out how and why we were killed?’
‘And how do we link with the living world? We need Berkshire for that. You seem to have over-looked that minor detail?’
‘I’m not as clever as you, Johnny. But I don’t think we need Bev all the time. As I see it; and I’m probably wrong on this, Johnny, and you’ll tell me if I am. Won’t you, Johnny? But as I see it we could go and watch what the other people get up to. Then we come to Bev and ask him to tell Sandies what it is that we’ve found out. I guess that by the way you’re looking straight through me, like that, that that’s a stupid plan, Johnny. And you’re about to shoot it down in flames. Are you, Johnny? Are you about to tell me how bad a plan it is, Johnny? Just tell me quickly and get it over with, please, Johnny?’
‘I get it now. Finally the penny drops and slow Johnny Bee finally sees what it is that you’re up to. You just want to go and haunt that kid that you think’s a hired killer. Remember him? He’s the one that just happens to rent a small room over the video shop where he works. He’s the one who works as a part time shop boy because he happens to like it better than spending the piles of dosh he earns as a professional hit man. Is that your plan? Well is it? You kill me, Cutter, you really do. Think about it; a killer living over a shop. Have you ever heard anything as prop…  Propt … Proprost … Whatever.’
‘Sure, Johnny, whatever you say. It’s a stupid plan.’
‘Come on; stop playing dumb. You know what the right word is. And stop looking so smug. It’s prop something or other.’
‘Oh, Johnny I’m not trying to look smug. It’s just the way my features fall and I can’t do anything about it.’
‘So what’s the word then, dictionary-brain? Or should that just be plain dic-brain?’
‘That’s a good joke, Johnny. Pity, Johnny, that you can’t tell the lads. It would make them smile. It’s making me smile, Johnny, and what have I to smile about?’
‘Quit stalling! What’s the stupid word?’
‘Johnny, you know you don’t like it when I correct you.’
‘Then don’t correct me; just tell me what the word is.’
‘It’s not pro anything, Johnny. It’s pre-.’
‘Cut it, Cutter, I said don’t correct me. Just tell me the frigging word. All I want’s a single word not an English lecture.’
‘Preposterous, Johnny.’
‘Proposterous, that’s it. I knew if you’d shut up for long enough I’d be able to remember what it was. Proposterous that’s the word I was looking for. I’m surprised you didn’t know that. Now, what was you saying earlier?’
‘Nothing of any importance, Johnny.’
‘You never do.’
‘If you say so, Johnny. I’m glad you remembered the word you was looking for, Johnny. That’s good, Johnny, real good?’
‘Yes. Pity you didn’t know what it was.’
‘If you say so, Johnny. But, Johnny, now that that’s sorted out; where does it leave us?’
‘It leaves me annoyed with you.’
‘Why, Johnny? What have I done now?’
‘All this “let me be your friend, Johnny”. And the, “we have to stick together” crap. You’ve no interest in me. All you want’s for me to help you hound that poor kid. Admit it that’s what this is all about, isn’t it?’
‘No, Johnny, no. It’s not like that at all, Johnny. Naturally I want to find out who wanted me dead. You’d do the same in my position. Wouldn’t you, Johnny?’
‘There you go again; visions of grandeur. That’s your problem. Who’d pay to kill you? Even Berkshire knew that’s a screwy idea. But you, you just can’t give it up, can you?’
‘It does seem odd, Johnny. But without knowing for sure I just know I won’t be able to rest easy. You know what it’s like, Johnny. When you know something for certain, Johnny? And you, Johnny, always know so much for certain. So you must know what I mean, Johnny? Well that’s what this’s like for me. But if it’s not the right time for you, Johnny. Or if you don’t want to do it.’ He sighs and then adds quickly. ‘Why don’t we go check where you stashed your money? We could do that easy enough, Johnny. Check it’s still where you left it? What you say to that as a plan, Johnny?’
‘So that’s your little game? I take you to the spot and then you go off and tell Berkshire. He comes under cover of darkness, digs it up and cuts my Sandra out.’
‘Johnny, I’m confused. Didn’t you say, just a short moment ago, that you didn’t want Sandies to have your money? You did say that. Didn’t you, Johnny? Why you change your mind so quickly, Johnny?’
‘It’s my money and I’ll give it to who I like. You just keep your ghostly paws off it, okay? Besides, I already told you, I ain’t telling no-one where it’s hid. Not even you. My only friend this side of the grave.’
‘If that’s what you want, Johnny. But, Johnny?’
‘What now? Don’t you ever give up whining? God will I have to put up with an eternity of you whining on about every little thing?’
‘It’s not so little, Johnny. Well it’s not to me. Not when your only friend accuses you of trying to steal his money.’
‘Spare me the bleeding hearts.’
‘Besides, Johnny, what use’d I have for it? Even if I could get my “ghostly hands” on it. You know, Johnny, the only person who’d benefit, from what you accused me of, is Bev. Do you really see me siding with him over Sandies? Do you Johnny?’
‘So that’s your game. You get me to tell you where it’s hidden and then Berkshire pockets the lot.’
‘No, Johnny, what you think I’d gain by that?’
‘So that’s why you both got so friendly when I was …’
Johnny stops talking and looks away. Cutter allows a few moment of silence wondering if Johnny will say anything. When he doesn’t it’s Cutter who speaks.
‘When you was reading about my body being cut up? Was that what you was going to say, Johnny?’
‘I read it. I didn’t want to. But I thought better that I read it than you. And that’s all the thanks I get for it.’
‘Johnny, don’t let’s argue. I appreciate what you did for me. You know I do. Don’t you, Johnny? But honestly, Johnny, accusing me of stealing from you! Well, Johnny, that’s not right. Is it Johnny? You do right to look away, Johnny, this time you’ve gone too far. It was cruel of you to accuse me of that. Next you’ll be accusing me of setting this whole thing up so Bev could get the money. Is that what you think, Johnny? Perhaps we had me killed so I could get you to tell me where it’s hidden. Johnny, don’t you see how prep-.’
‘Proposterous, Cutter. Don’t use words you don’t know how to pronounce.’
‘That’s good advice, Johnny. I’ll remember it. But, Johnny, have you thought any more about your little idea?’
‘I still think you could have set it up with him.’
‘You don’t have much confidence or trust in me. Do you, Johnny? I guess I’ll just go and see if I can find my killer myself. It’s been good knowing you. And, if you get the chance, look me up when you get to hell?’
‘Don’t! Don’t go. Sorry, Cutter. It’s Sandra; she’s got me all inside-out if you know what I mean. I didn’t mean anything by it. Only that in death, as in life, I have to play my deck close to my chest. And that’s all I’m saying. I meant no offence so none should be taken. As for the cash, I’m the only one who knows where it’s hidden and it’s going to stay that way.’
‘Don’t you trust me, Johnny?’
‘I trust no one and I trust everyone. What you think they’re getting up to in there?’
‘Johnny, why we guessing when we can go back and see for ourselves?’
‘She must come to me.’
‘On bended knees like in some Victorian melodrama? Is that what you want her to do, Johnny?’
‘That’ll work for me.’
‘Oh, Johnny, don’t you think that Sandies is as upset by all this as you are?’
‘Then why didn’t she try harder to see me.’
‘Not again! Johnny, don’t you think we’ve been through all that enough?’
‘It’s okay for you to dismiss it. But it’s my woman and it’s my feelings that’s being hurt.’
‘Do you want me to go and see what they’re doing, Johnny?’
‘Go on then. No, come back. Okay, go. No. No! I don’t want to know. Come back. Cutter, didn’t you hear me? I said come back. I’ve no interest in what she’s doing. I don’t want -. Where are you? Cutter, have you gone back inside the boat? I said I wasn’t interested. Oh, there you are? I wish you wouldn’t keep vanishing like that.’
‘Johnny, she’s crying.’
‘And Berkshire has his arms around her and is offering innocent comfort. My dick! And I’m not even cold in my grave!’
‘You’re actually, Johnny, not even in your grave.’
‘Don’t contradict me. Besides, I said I didn’t want to know.’
‘So, Johnny, you don’t want to know that he’s actually got his back to her and is looking very embarrassed.’
‘He’s done something to hurt her. I knew it. What’s he done? Tell me. No, don’t say another word. Either way I’ll knock his block off.’
‘No, Johnny, there’s no need for you to go jumping to half-baked conclusions. He’s not done anything to hurt her. He’s trying to comfort her. It’s a bit like Rebecca -.’
‘There’s another woman in there with him and my Sandra?’
‘No, Johnny! Now that would be something -!’
‘Cutter, keep your dead fantasies to yourself.’
‘But, Johnny, you started the conversation. I was only -.’
‘I know what you was only. Stop it. Who’s this Rebecca chick?’
‘She was in the Bible -.’
‘You’re not going to get all religious on me now, are you, Cutter? ‘Cause they don’t want none of that God preaching where we’re going. Our new master won’t approve, you know.’
‘Johnny, why you always take your pain out on me? Why don’t you just go and see Bev and ask him to tell Sandies how this visitation thing works. You may find it helps both of you. Johnny, will you try?’
‘If she’d wanted to see me then she would have.’
‘That’s not the way it works, Johnny. Bev explained it to us. She has to want to see you.’
‘That’s been my point all along. She doesn’t want to see me.’
‘No, Johnny, no! She came all this way, Johnny. Does that sound like she don’t want to see you? She’s in there, Johnny, and she’s sobbing her heart out. Does that sound like a woman who doesn’t want to see you, Johnny?’
‘I get the picture. Okay, so she’s claiming she wants to see me; but she’s not actually trying very hard, is she?’
‘Johnny, you don’t believe that! Do you, Johnny?’
‘This is old ground. Let’s try and find that killer of yours?’
‘You mean that, Johnny?’
‘I said it didn’t I?’
‘I know you said it, Johnny, but I don’t think that’s what you really want to do. Is it, Johnny?’
‘It’s the best offer either of us’s going to get today.’
‘No, it’s not, Johnny. Not if you do as I say and ask Bev to tell Sandies how she gets to see you.’
‘Look they’re coming out.’
‘He’s holding the door open for her. You think she’s leaving, Johnny?’
‘Of course she’s leaving.’
‘Look at her face, Johnny. She’s been crying real tears again. And they’re for you, Johnny. What you going to do about that, Johnny?’
‘I told you; we’re going to find that kid you claim killed you. The video shop doesn’t open for another couple of hours so he should be at home. Unless, that is, he’s off on his day job. Oh, listen; was that the sound of another deadly hit man approaching?’
‘Mock me all you like, Johnny. I can’t stop that any more than I can change what actually happened. Johnny, why you heading back towards the car park? Town’s in the other direction.’
‘Because the car park’s where Sandra’s going. And I’m going to hitch a lift in my own car. Or would you prefer to glide into town?’
‘Johnny, you think Bev'll like that?’
‘It’s my car, my woman and my ghostly body. So what’s he going to do to stop me? Look she’s reversing and he’s going back to the boat. If you hurry we’ll be driving out of here before he notices we’ve gone.’
‘It does have a certain appeal; especially now I can sit down. Johnny, don’t look now but we need to make a quick getaway; Bev’s chasing after us.’
‘Stop you two! Come back!’ Beverley calls running after them.
‘Beverley, were you talking to me?’ Sandra asks bringing the car to a sudden halt. ‘You almost got yourself killed running in front of me like that. It’s a good job I was only going slowly. Did I leave something behind?’
‘No, Sandra, only you were very distressed I’d hate anything to happen to you on the drive back.’ Again Beverley has to think of excuses that will explain his words.
‘Anything like what, Beverley? I’ve been driving for years and I’ve still got a full no claims.’
‘I didn’t mean anything like that. But what if you heard a noise in the car that you … That you … That you couldn’t explain? What then?’
‘He’s looking at us, Johnny. Should we get out?’
‘Cutter, you cut and run if you want. I’m staying right here.’
‘Then I’d call a mechanic. But, Beverley, what is it you’re actually trying to say?’
‘Sorry. I lost my train of thought there.’
‘A Senior Moment, Beverley?’
‘Sandra, I’m not that old.’
‘I didn’t mean to imply anything by it. That’s what it’s called, a “Senior Moment”, no matter how old you actually are. It’s when you forget what you’re about to do or say. Or anything, actually.’
‘Yes, perhaps that’s what it was then.’
‘Glaring at us like that won’t get either of us out of this car, Berkshire,’ Johnny announces folding his arms and settling his ghostly shape in the passenger seat. ‘We’re off to find a killer and we’re here for a ride to town. Aren’t we Cutter? And we aim to take it. Don’t we, Cutter?’
‘Then get in the back seat I’m coming as well.’
‘You want to drive, Beverly? I’m afraid I can’t let you. It’s only insured for me.’ Sandra unwittingly replies to a statement not intended for her ears.
‘No, I was saying I’d want to sit in the back. If I can cadge a lift with you? I’ve something to do … in town that … I’ve just, this minute remembered about.’
‘Got your keys?’
‘No. I rushed out to try and catch you before you left. Can you spare a few moments for me to lock up and get my things?’
‘Sure, honey, it’s not only the car’s engine that running.’
‘I’ll be right back, and behave -.’
‘Oh I will,’ Sandra answers in a soft sexy voice. Once again replying to a statement that hadn’t been intended for her.
‘I don’t think that was meant for Sandies. Was it Johnny?’
‘I don’t know what he’s afraid of?’
‘Don’t you think you should get in the back with me, Johnny?’
‘No. If he wants to sit next to my woman he’ll have to sit on my lap. I wonder if he’ll be man enough?’


Chapter 11

‘See, Johnny. They’re not going to the same place. You was all worried for nothing, Johnny. Don’t you feel you were all worried for nothing, Johnny?’
‘Look, she’s going in a shop. She’s can’t stop it, can she? She’s spending my cash before she’s even got it.’
‘Johnny, didn’t you say we were going to the video shop? I only ask, Johnny, because it’s in the other direction. Oh, Johnny, you’re not intending on following her around all day. Are you, Johnny?’
‘I just want –. Cutter, don’t look at me like that.’
‘Like what, Johnny? As I explained before; it’s the way my features fall. I can’t help it. Honestly, Johnny, I can’t.’
‘Come on then, I really don’t want to see this. Look, Berkshire’s gone into that café.’
‘I guess he’s killing time -. Sorry, Johnny. I can see by your face that you don’t like that expression. Johnny, you think Bev looks as if he’s waiting for something?’
‘More like for someone and I know who that is; and so do you!’
‘No, Johnny, no. He’s not waiting for Sandies. You can’t think that. Can you, Johnny? Can you really, Johnny? That’s just silly. Sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. It just slipped out.’
‘You’d better make sure comments like that don’t just "slip out" again. I’m many things, Cutter, but silly I ain’t.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. Sorry. But if Bev’s waiting for Sandies he’ll have a long wait. Won’t he Johnny?’
‘Perhaps he hasn’t realised just how long she can spend shopping.’
‘You reckon that’s where she is, Johnny? If he was you he’d know all about her shopping habits. Wouldn’t he, Johnny? You know how long she can spend in a posh frock shop. Don’t you Johnny?’
‘Hours and hours and still buy nothing. Hours and hours and hours trying on this and that and then that and then this and then back to the garment she started with first and still she’d manage not to buy anything. She once … and I tell you this is the truth as I’m standing here.’
‘Are you, Johnny, standing I mean?’
‘Cutter, don’t try and be clever. You know what I mean. But just to keep you happy. This is the truth as I’m hovering here fifteen feet above the high street. Does that make you happier?’
‘Yes, Johnny, you always told me to keep facts correct. Didn’t you always say that, Johnny?’
‘I did.’
‘I remember you saying it, Johnny. It was one of your little sayings. And, if I remember correctly, you always said it just before you told a lie. Or before bending the truth to suit your own interpretation of events. Isn’t that so, Johnny? You remember doing that, Johnny?’
‘Do you want to hear what I’m going to tell you? Or would you rather blather on to yourself all day long?’
‘Sorry, Johnny. I didn’t mean no harm by my little observation. You do believe me. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘As I was saying; Sandra was once in this shop and she tried on every item! Every single item they had. And I really mean that. If it was in her size or not, it didn’t matter, she tried it on. Vanished in the changing room for hours and then came out asking “what do you think, My Johnny?” And then she refused to buy anything. No matter what I said. It didn’t matter how good I said she looked in it.’
‘She always looked good. Didn’t she, Johnny?’
‘She did. And you know what? She literally spent hours; she’d even changed her hair style so it’d match the dress she was trying on. And you know what?’
‘No, Johnny, what?’
‘She didn’t buy a thing. Not a single bloody thing. But then the magic starts. ‘Cause you know what? The very next day she goes back, mark my words, the very next day and it’s straight to the same shop and within seconds she’s spent four K. Four thousand smackers in under a minute, and that’s no lie, I was there. I felt the pain.’
‘Ouch, very painful, Johnny? You must have had to work really hard, Johnny, to earn that sort of cash. Did you, Johnny, work really, really hard?’
‘Every last penny. But what’s Berkshire doing now? He’s got himself a mug of tea in that greasy spoon café. The one over there and he’s sitting all by himself.’
‘Why would he know anyone else in there, Johnny? What I mean, Johnny, and perhaps I’m not making myself clear. But in a place like that who else would you expect Bev to know?’
‘That’s not what I mean. It’s the tea that gets me. Why’s he ordered a mug of tea when he keeps going on about not drinking the stuff?’
‘I get your point, Johnny. Didn’t he say at the boat, when Sandies was there, didn’t he say then that he may be able to find a stray tea bag or two at the back of a cupboard?’
‘That’s my point. And now there he is. Larger than life and swigging it down like a -. Oh!’ Johnny stops talking so he can reflect on his feeling.
‘Navvy, Johnny? Swilling it down like a navvy? Is that what you were going to say?’
‘No, Cutter. Oddly enough the word that came to mind was “copper”.’
‘You reckon Bev’s a policeman before he started seeing spirits, Johnny? Could have been. Got the build and arrogance for it.’
‘And he drinks the stuff for sure. Yet he said all he ever drank was herbal.’
‘You know what I think, Johnny? I think he only has that herbal stuff so he can cover up the smell of wacky-backy. That’s what I think. Johnny, you agree with me?’
‘Then why come all this way just to sit in a café and drink a 90p tea from a chipped mug? That’s what I don’t understand. And a couple of doors away my Sandra’s spending for England.’
‘Johnny, you know what I think? Johnny, I think he’s waiting ‘til it’s time for his visit to the “Cop Shop”. Don’t you remember, Johnny? They wanted to take him away there and then. Then he offered to go down later. They agreed to interview him later this afternoon. Don’t you remember that happening, Johnny? I do.’
‘I’d not forgotten. It struck me as odd at the time. Didn’t it you, Cutter?’
‘Not really the boat was getting a little crowded. And Sandies didn’t make it easy for either Bev or that male copper to concentrate. Did she, Johnny?’
‘Now that’s the other odd thing, Cutter. They were all for dragging him down there and then? So why didn’t they?’
‘Sandies turned up?’
‘Are you suggesting she had something to do with it? Because if you are, Cutter, you’d better have some good evidence?’
‘No. Your Sandies wouldn’t do that. But she could make anyone change their mind. If she decided that’s what she wanted them to do. Even the police. She could, Johnny. Don’t you think she could?’
‘So why they let him off?’
‘You know what I think, Johnny?’
‘No, but you’re going to tell me.’
‘I think they thought they was going to be interviewing a Squeeze. Well you would, wouldn’t you, Johnny? If you was asked to interview someone called Beverley you’d expect it to be a woman. That’s not a normal name for a man. Is it, Johnny? Not normal at all. So when Beverley turns out to be man they decide they’re not interested and leave the interview to the next shift. Doesn’t that make sense to you, Johnny? It does to me.’
‘And if he was an ex-copper?’
‘Then they’d let him off, Johnny. Oh, Johnny, you think he’s been thrown out for having wacky-backy?’
‘I don’t know why you keep on about wacky-backy? You didn’t see any, did you?’
‘No, but that place had a smell that wasn’t right?’
‘It smelt of a man living alone, in a confined space, who drinks herbal teas and eats vegetarian food. Look at him, Cutter, he’s not exactly one for the cologne and aftershave, is he?’
‘No one to buy it for him. Is that it, Johnny?’
‘More like no one to splash it all over, his bulky torso, for. But that’s not all. I have a feeling about him, Cutter. He kills me. If you know what I mean.’
‘No, Johnny. But your hunches normally hold water. What you thinking?’
‘Copper all the way through, Cutter. That’s what I’m thinking.’
‘Johnny, no! Look at him.’
‘Lots of coppers let themselves go after basic training. But they all have that air of supercilious pretentiousness.’ 
‘Sure, Johnny.’
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Johnny, that’s a mouthful. Supercilious pretentiousness and you talk about Bev, Johnny? You really think he could have been a copper in a previous? Perhaps they threw him out.’ 
‘Perhaps he’s still one. One of them undercover cops?’
‘Bev? Johnny, is that likely? Besides what would he be undercover for?’
‘We’ll have to keep an eye on our friend there.’
‘Johnny, you really think he’s involved?’
‘Look, he’s looking this way. Let’s go. I sometimes think he can sense what we’re feeling,’ Johnny says as he flies off at great speed.
Trying to catch up Cutter calls out, ‘Johnny, I don’t mind this running away but where we going; and why so quickly?’
‘You’ll see. Catch up will you.’
‘Johnny, if he’s an undercover cop, what has it to do with us?’
‘What?’ Johnny asks stopping and turning to face Cutter who flies right through him.
‘Johnny! Johnny, don’t stop like that. I hate it when I fly through you like that. What’s the matter? You want to go back to Bev. Is that it, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, me and you have been murdered. What other excuse do you think an undercover cops needs?’
‘Johnny, we went to him remember. He didn’t come to us. So his involvement, if he is a copper, can’t be about us. Besides, Bev a cop? Johnny, he’d be tortured. What with his appearance and name. His life would be hell. No, Johnny, it’s just not on. Johnny, you really think he’s a cop?’
‘I think everything; especially the unthinkable. It’s a strange idea; true. Right now it’s only one of many I have. Let’s just try and keep Berkshire off his guard.’ Johnny stops in front of a shop on the High Street. ‘This is it. Now to find the right window. Let’s try going up.’
‘Johnny, what amazing deduction. I have noticed how you easily make the facts fit your plans. Is this a case of that, Johnny? Of you making the facts fit whatever it is that you want them to fit? I think -!’
‘Why’ve you stopped, Cutter?’ 
‘I don’t feel right about this, Johnny.’
‘Cutter, me and you agreed. Cutter why you going back to street level. Cutter, this is the shop, isn’t it? Vids and Chocs in High Street. We’re here now. In fact I think I can see through his window. In fact this is the very room. Cutter, come back. All we need to do is enter.’ He looks down on Cutter as he dismisses him. ‘Okay, you cower down there at street level. I’m going in,’ Johnny says starting an elaborate approach before turning and calling back to Cutter. ‘Come here.’
‘No, Johnny, I said didn’t I? I’m not ready, not yet.’
‘Okay, so I’ll come back down. There, here we are side by side again and on the ground. Happy now?’
‘I’m not so sure, Johnny. It’s closed. Shall we come back when it’s open? Please, Johnny, let’s go? I’ve got a bad feeling about this.’
‘Cutter, we’re special. We don’t need to wait ‘til they open. We can just go straight in. Like this -.’ Johnny vanishes through the shop wall.
‘No, Johnny, please, don’t. I don’t think I’m ready for this. Not yet, Johnny. Not yet, Johnny, please wait?’
‘What’s to be ready for?’ Johnny asks reappearing.
‘I really don’t know. I guess I’m a little afraid of finding the truth out.’
‘It’s a little late for that.’
‘Is it, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, you’re dead. That’s the truth. What can be frightening to a ghost?’
‘Johnny, promise me you won’t laugh?’
‘No, I’m not going to do something as stupid as that. Cutter you’re being stupid. You’re dead; end of story. So what you afraid of? What could possibly be so awful that you don’t want to know about it?’
‘I don’t know. What if he’s behind that wall counting the money he got for killing me? What then, Johnny?’
‘Then you’d know how much -.’
‘That’s the point, Johnny. I don’t want to know how much my life was worth. Think of it, Johnny. What if I had had that same amount of money? What if the kid had said to me “I’m being paid fifty quid to blow you away.” Don’t you see, Johnny? I could have given him the fifty quid, and more, not to kill me. What if I could have afforded to buy my own life? I didn’t get the chance. What then Johnny? Johnny, don’t you see what I’m saying?’
‘No. As usual you’re talking rubbish. You don’t know how much he was paid and you never have any cash. Do you really think he’d have said “okay you run off to the cash point and I’ll wait here ‘til you get back? Oh, by the way, Mate, can I make a cup of tea while you’re gone?” Cutter, you’re thinking through your ass again. Face it; you’d not have been able to buy him off no matter what he got paid.’
‘But, Johnny, you could have done it for me. Couldn’t you, Johnny? Wouldn’t you have done that for me, Johnny? If you’d known what he was paid?’
‘This is all speculation and I can’t see no point in it. By the time you got it I was already dead. End of. I’m going inside. The question for you, Cutter, is do you, or do you not, want to come with me? It’s that simple.’
‘Not for me it isn’t.’
‘Okay, we’ll just glide around outside waiting ‘til you make up your mind. But even if we’re not going inside I’d prefer to be up there; level with the first floor windows. Now I’m going back up, you can join me when you’re ready. Oh, look, Berkshire’s coming. We’d better get out of sight. You coming or not?’
‘No.’
‘Okay, then go and hide someplace but don’t let him see us.’
‘Why, Johnny? He don’t mean us no harm.’
‘Then why’s he following us? And you know what he’s like. He’s bound to draw attention to himself. Come on, Cutter, I’m all for going inside. If nothing else it’ll get us away from Berkshire.’
‘Johnny, why you so eager to do this?’
‘Would it help if I did it on my own?’
‘I don’t know. I don’t know what it is that I’m most afraid of.’
‘And the choices are?’
‘Knowing or not knowing. Johnny, what if some spotty kid killed me for ten quid. I’d be gutted.’
‘If I remember rightly, your guts were about the only thing left of you intact when they found you.’
‘Thanks, Johnny.’
‘What for?’
‘If I need to tell you, Johnny, then there isn’t much point.’
‘Are you having a joke at my expense, is that it, Cutter?’
‘I guess sensitivity is a high hope, Johnny?’
‘Come on, Cutter. This isn’t like you. We can do this together.’
‘No. Johnny, let’s just go away for a while and think about it.’
‘What after you dragging me all this way to get here? Do you know how uncomfortable it was in the car having Berkshire sat on my lap? And I put up with it for your sake. Just so we could come here and find out the truth. And now you’re turning chicken on me. Cluck, cluck, cluck.’
‘Johnny, you look ridiculous floating, fifty feet of the ground, doing chicken impersonations. Besides, Johnny, you didn’t have Bev, as you put it, sat on your lap. He insisted on sitting in the back with me. Sandies was right put out by that. Wasn’t she, Johnny?’
‘Well I wasn’t. Come on, Cutter, I don’t want to hang around here all day.’
‘Johnny, if we go inside will you promise me that when I want to leave we will.’
‘You’re a free agent. You, Cutter, can come and go as you wish.’
‘Then, Johnny, let’s get this over and done with. But let me go first, please. Johnny!’
‘Beat you! Sorry, what were you saying, Cutter? God, this place’s a dump. And the lazy little sod’s still in bed.’
‘Johnny, look at the carpet by the bed, isn’t that ..?’
‘Shit! I almost glided through it. Is it what I think it is?’
‘Johnny, can you lift the blanket?’
‘I can try. Why?’
‘Johnny, I think he’s dead.’
‘Shit and you told me to touch the covers. I’m not going anywhere near them now. Ugh, and you’d have let me touch them, wouldn’t you?’
‘Johnny, we have to find out. That blood looks as if it’s been there for some time.’
‘You the expert on spilt blood now?’
‘I saw my own gush out quick enough. And I noticed how the edges turned that odd dark shade; like old brown wrapping paper. Johnny, we have to do something.’
‘Okay, you lift the covers.’
‘Not on my own, Johnny. But I will if you will?’
‘Come on then. I guess ghost can’t get AIDS. Cutter!’
‘What is it, Johnny? You’re frightening me.’
‘What if he’s still trapped like we are? What if he comes back and finds us? If you remember I had a very strong urge to go back to the scene of my death. What if he’s got the same urge? He may come back any second now.’
‘No, Johnny, he’s more me than you.’
‘Eh? What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘You wanted to go back to your living life because you’d Sandies waiting for you. Whereas this kid, he’s like me, he’s got no one to come back to. Take it from me; he’ll not be back. Just like me not going back to my flat.’
‘Okay, but that’s because your body was there, all gory and -.’
‘Please, Johnny, this is difficult enough for me to handle. Can we stick with the kid, please, Johnny?’
‘Okay, anything for a friend. I’m right about this place, it’s a dump. And you’re right about him. He’ll not come back; not if he can help it. Cutter, what you doing?’
‘I think I can get this corner to lift a little, Johnny. If you help me, Johnny, we’ll be able to see his face. That’s what you want to do. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
Out in the hallway a male voice calls through the door as a hand hammers against it. 
‘Frank! Frank, you in there!’ 
‘Johnny!’
‘Cutter!’
‘Johnny, I didn’t think ghosts could jump.’
‘Well you did, Mate.’
‘And so did you, Johnny. It’s okay laughing about it now; but it was a shock when he banged on the door. Wasn’t it a shock, Johnny?’
‘Shut up, I’m trying to hear.’
The voice continues, ‘You lazy git get your arse out of bed and open this door. Frank, get your -. Frank can you hear me? Ignoring me don’t help none.’
‘You know something, Cutter, if he keeps banging like that he’ll have the door off its hinges. Cutter? Where are you?’
From the hallway the voice is saying, ‘Frank, you were supposed to open up yesterday, let the cleaners in last night and open up again today. Answer the bloody door damn you. You idle slob. Get your ass out of bed and open this door. Now! I’m not kidding and I’m not hanging ‘round all day waiting for you. Okay, this is your last chance. You’ve screwed up big time. That’s it. I’ve had enough of your slovenly ways. Get your stuff together. You’re fired and I want you out of here by the lunch changeover. Ignoring me won’t get you reinstated. You’re fired. I’ll be back at noon and if you’re not ready to depart I’ll throw your belonging, wages due, ‘till two days ago, and, if I have to, your bloody carcass out on the pavement. Got it? I hope you have, Frank, ‘cause I want you out!’
‘Oh, Cutter, so you’re back. When you scarped I thought you’d gone for good.’
‘No, Johnny, I went to see who they were and why they’re trying to get in.’
‘And did you see who it was? I was telling you; but you weren’t here to hear it. But I was saying that, at one stage, I thought the door would break what with the pounding he was giving it. 
‘You’re right there, Johnny. There’s quite a party of them outside. In fact the corridor’s too small for them all to fit round the door. Some are standing on the stairs. Johnny, there’s the man himself. It was him that was pounding and yelling.’
‘Satan?’
‘No Johnny. Pete Wilson. He owns this shop, the building and a couple of development in town. He’s well known around here.’
‘Odd. If he’s that big why’d he bother to come all the way down here just for a spotty nosed kid?’
‘I told you, Johnny, he’s a hit man. Perhaps Wilson’s his agent.’
‘Sure and I get to replace Saint Peter as the keeper of the Pearly Gates.’
‘Johnny, jokes like that aren’t in good taste. Not with what we’ve got to face.’
‘I guess if you’re right, and he’s Top Man, as it’s his property he can come back and break the door down if he wants.’
‘He had some black man who works out in a dark suit and sun glasses with him.’
‘How you know he works out in his suit and sun glasses?’
‘Johnny, you know what I mean.’
‘Then you should say what you mean.’
‘You mean like you always do, Johnny? Okay, don’t look at me like that.’
‘Like what?’
‘Like you’re about to carve the Sunday joint and guess who’s the turkey? Johnny, he also had a right tasty chick on his arm. But, Johnny, she wasn’t no natural blond, not like your Sandies. What have I said? Johnny, Sandies not that colour down there?’
‘Wasn’t it you who followed her into the loo? And stop that?’
‘Stop what, Johnny?’
‘Every time you talk sex you look at your crotch. Not very subtle, is it?’
‘Sorry, Johnny.’
‘So you should be. Now, can we get back to our current situation? I guess boy-wonder here’s done his last shift.’
‘And you think, Johnny, I was his last hit?’
‘Could have been. Depends on how busy they were in the shop. Perhaps he couldn’t get away to do no more?’
‘Johnny, why you always making fun of me? This’s very difficult for me. But you know that, Johnny, don’t you?’
‘Look at him, Cutter, he’s a kid. A stupid spotty faced kid who works as a shop assistant and lives over the store.’
‘That’s impressive, Johnny, you can see all that and yet the body’s still covered by that threadbare blanket. That’s a real clever trick, that is, Johnny. Can you show me how to do it?’
‘No, but I do need to look at him. Are you up to it?’
‘Up for what, Johnny? He’s dead and they’ll discover him soon enough. The man said he was coming back at 12. He said he’d break in if he needs to. So they’re bound to discover him in the next hour. So, Johnny, why we need do anything?’
‘I want to see if it’s really him.’
‘Johnny, can’t that wait until it’s in the papers tonight?’
‘What’s got into you? Earlier you were all for finding him and sorting this out. Now you’re acting like some frightened little bunny rabbit. Is that it? Cutter’s a bunny rabbit?’
‘No, Johnny. Please don’t mock what you don’t understand?’
‘You turning into Berkshire now?’
‘Johnny, please?’
‘Bunny caught in the head lights of a slow moving car.’
‘Stop it, Johnny, stop it right now! Please?’
‘Or you’ll do what? Cutter, you believe that that’s the body of the kid who killed you. I was there, remember? I want to see if it’s the same person I saw in your room that night.’
‘Why, Johnny? Why can’t you just leave it to the police?’
‘Because you and me is going to solve this case for them. We are going to track down our killers ourselves.’
‘It said you died of natural causes.’
‘Newspaper journalist; what they know?’
‘Only what the police tell them.’
‘That’s it, Cutter. For once you’ve hit on the right answer. And that’s what this’s all about. Every avenue we take we come back to the police and bent coppers. How I hate them.’
‘Johnny, I don’t follow, what is it all about?’
‘Haven’t you noticed anything odd about all these events?’
‘No, Johnny. You see I’m finding being dead isn’t conducive to thinking things through properly. Aren’t you, Johnny? No. It appears to have sharpened your senses. Doesn’t it, Johnny?’
‘I’m cooking with gas on this one. Cutter, we have to be here when the police arrive. Then we follow their investigation.’
‘Why?’
‘Because the death of this kid will uncover -.’
‘Johnny, sorry to interrupt you, and I know how you hate to be interrupted.’
‘So why do it? Look what you’ve done now, Cutter, you’ve spoilt my train of thought! Damn I was on the verge of making an important discovery. Go on, you’re dying to ask a stupid question so, spit it out. You know death’s changed you. When you was alive you never stopped talking, telling long and boring stories. Yet now you’re dead you aren’t able to string a coherent sentence together.’
‘I guess if death doesn’t change us what would, Johnny?’
‘Go on, you interrupted me for a reason.’
‘We don’t know if it’s the same kid. Do we Johnny? It may be someone else that’s been killed in his bed.’
‘I agree. And there’s only one way to find out. So; are you up for a little light weight lifting?’
‘No, Johnny, no! You can’t be serious? Surely you don’t intend to try and lift -! Oh, Johnny, you do. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘What you pulling back for? A while ago you were all for it. Come on, I need you to help me.’
‘No, Johnny, no! I was afraid you were going to say that. But before we try, Johnny, what was it you were going to say before I interrupted you?’
‘You interrupted me so I can’t remember. And now you’re just trying to delay me. It won’t work, my minds made up, I’m taking a look and you’re going to help me.’
‘Johnny, I know what you was going to say.’
‘Then why you ask? You’re really just stalling aren’t you?’
‘You know I hang on every word you say. Don’t you, Johnny? And, Johnny, you was saying that the death of this kid would uncover something or other. I don’t know what it is, that it will uncover, because that’s when I interrupted. Sorry, Johnny. Do you forgive me, Johnny? Please say you’ve forgiven me?’
‘Listen; this’s only a working hypothesis. Say I’m killed and the police lie about the situation. Then you’re killed and the police leave finding the body until it’s too –.’
‘Johnny, need you be so graphic?’
‘Okay, you’ve got the message. So what’s the common theme?’
‘The police? Johnny, you suggesting they’re covering something up?’
‘How many people, from our band, have been killed recently?’
‘Which one are you calling our band, Johnny? There were so many we played with. On and off, Johnny.’
‘More off then on in my case. I mean CP who else.’
‘From Chemists Potion, there’s only you and me, Johnny. Unless you’re counting Harry the Hippo.’
‘Well of course I’m counting Hip-O. Missing presumed dead it said in the paper.’
‘I think, Johnny, his was more a disappearance one night, after a gig, an’ not been seen since. We don’t know he’s dead. It was just after Charlie gave us those band uniforms. Remember, Johnny? Weren’t they just awful?’
‘Sure, but that still makes three of us.’
‘I admit his disappearance was sudden and shocking. You said so at the time. You remember, Johnny?’
‘So how many’s that?’
‘Two for sure and one possible.’
‘Three, Cutter, three of us.’
‘Okay, Johnny, have it your way. You bend facts any way you like. Three of us. Johnny, you suggesting there’s a link? Is that it, Johnny?’
‘Perhaps not a link. What I’m suggesting is that it’s odd that no one else’s made the connection. It’s not been in the press, or police reports or anything. So I’m asking, why not? That’s all.’
‘That’s a good point, Johnny. And do you have an answer?’
‘Not yet, Cutter. But that’s what I aim to find out.’
‘Johnny, what if … I mean you never… That club you had. Johnny, what if it’s you the police don’t like. You never did endear yourself to them. Did you, Johnny?’
‘I didn’t have to.’
‘That’s right, Johnny, you didn’t have to. And you didn’t. Did you, Johnny? In fact didn’t you go out of your way to do the exact opposite, Johnny?’
‘I don’t like bent coppers.’
‘You’ve said that before. But what I mean, Johnny, was that you didn’t have to put up with them once you bribed the top brass. That was a smart move on your part. Wasn’t it, Johnny? A real smart move.’
‘That’s why I know we have to keep an eye on the police. There’s something going on and we’re going to uncover it.’
‘No, Johnny. And I don’t want to “rain on your parade” or anything like that. There may be someone trying to murder every member of the band. But this dead lad isn’t connected to CP. Is he, Johnny? So, unless you think it’s Charlie, Pot or Trish under that dirty blanket then it can’t be a vendetta against the band. Can it, Johnny? Is that what you thought, Johnny? That it’s one of them under there? Johnny, is that why you’re so eager to look? Is it, Johnny, is it?’
‘Could be,’ Johnny instantly adopts Cutters suggestion as his own. ‘I’ve a trick or two that I need to play close to my chest. I don’t think it’s one of them. But I need to know for sure.’
‘So, Johnny, if under this blanket is my killer, and not a member of CP, and you me and Hip-O were killed because we were with CP. Then, Johnny, how come he’s been killed?’
‘According to you he’s a hit man. And if I understand the nature of the criminal world, and I believe that I do understand it. Being a hit man’s a very dangerous job. Perhaps that’s why we’re gliding above a pool of his blood. But, we’ll find that out at the autopsy -.’
‘No, Johnny, not that again. Don’t make me, please?’
‘We don’t need to attend the cutting open. But that may be fun. All I want to do is see the final report. Then if the police don’t release it in full, then we know it’s a cover-up and we’re on to something.’
‘I can’t fault your logic, Johnny. It’s very good logic. But, Johnny, can we really do this?’
‘Yes.’
‘But, Johnny, why would the police hide the truth about our deaths? Unless there’s something else that -! Johnny, is there? Johnny, is there something I don’t know about?’
‘Like what? What could there be?’
‘Johnny, I know you got your money by dishonest means -.’
‘Cutter, let me stop you before you say something you’ll regret. Also let me put you straight on that. I earned it. Just like you earned yours. Only I earned rather more of it than you did.’
‘And you couldn’t put your cash in a bank.’
‘Correction, I wouldn’t put it there. Why would I and pay tax?’
‘Yes, Johnny, I remember you telling me. Johnny, you always said you’d not live long enough to get a pension so you’d no intention of paying for one. Besides you were always one for the cash culture. Weren’t you, Johnny?’
‘And I’ve been proved right.’
‘You have that, Johnny. You have that. But, Johnny, have you any other reason to suspect the police?’
‘What you trying to say?’
‘Only, Johnny, you weren’t often on their side. Were you, Johnny?’
‘No. They didn’t like me making all that money.’
‘Running all them illegal activities under their noses, Johnny, is that what you mean?’
‘That’s the “Nanny State” for ya. Why should it be illegal? All my punters were consenting adults?’
‘They were consenting adults who could afford it, Johnny.’
‘I provided a service, made a tiny profit, had happy punters what’s wrong with that?’
‘And paid someone to keep the coppers away? Is that it, Johnny? Corruption at the highest level?’
‘Could be he had unusual tastes and I provided his -.’
‘No, Johnny, no! I don’t want to know what you gave -.’
‘Sold, Cutter, I never gave nothing away.’
‘No, Johnny, that you didn’t’
‘Well, only my heart to Sandra.’
‘If I remember rightly, Johnny, you were cut-up to lose the club. Didn’t you tell me that once, Johnny? Real cut-up you said.’
‘Cutter, could it have been Larry the Lamb that had it in for us?’
‘Larry the Lamb, Johnny?’
‘The guy I sold to. Proper little gold mine it was when I had it. Yet it went belly up in under four months with him in charge.’
‘Johnny that’d be a reason for him to kill you. But not for killing me or Hip-O. That’s if you’re right and Hip-O’s dead as well.’
‘Larry the Lamb like name like nature. He didn’t even try to make it work.’
‘I did a gig there once, Johnny. Did I tell you? Only the one, Johnny, so you’ve no need to look at me like that. It was with some band or other, Johnny. I can’t remember who they were. But you know what, Johnny, the place was dead. I thought it a real pity. You know how, Johnny, how it was always busy when you owned it. Even the legit side was humming every night. Wasn’t it, Johnny?’
‘It sure was. It was good. Good old days.’
‘Pity you were forced to sell, Johnny?’
‘I wasn’t forced to sell, Cutter. I sold at the top of the market.’
‘So the rumour, that you’d been refused your licence renewal, wasn’t true? Is that right, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, as you keep pointing out, I had some top brass in my back pocket. I ran illegal sex, drugs and a betting syndicate, adding a drop or two of illegal booze wouldn’t have made the slightest bit of difference to me or the setup.’
‘Are you trying to say that the booze you sold was illegal? Is that what you’re telling me Johnny?’
‘It was legal.’
‘UK legal, Johnny?’
‘Not UK tax paid legal. But otherwise it was legit. EU approved and we was in the European Market. Come on, Cutter, cut the censorship. It was free trade and all that.’
‘And no one understood that you was just more free than trade. Is that it, Johnny?’
‘It was all good stuff I sold. Not that supermarket crap you drank. I only sold branded stuff.’
‘If I remember, you sold it at very high prices.’
‘I had to pay my staff, my overheads and my taxes -. Well not the latter. We all know I didn’t pay tax on anything. Point of principle that was for me. I didn’t pay the tax and I didn’t take the state hand-outs. And I can tell you I was entitled to a few. But I didn’t put my hand in the states’ back pocket and I didn’t expect it to put its filthy paws into mine. Thank you very much. So, after all that talk we’re back where we started.’
‘And where’s that, Johnny?’
‘We have to lift the blanket and see who’s underneath.’
‘I don’t see why -.’
‘Cutter, we’ve been through this before. We have to and before the eviction party returns an’ spoils our opportunity.’
‘Can you lift physical things, Johnny? I’m not so sure I can.’
‘I’ve been thinking about that. I think we can blow the corner up just enough so we can have butchers.’
‘It doesn’t sound like one of your best plans, Johnny. Are you sure it’ll work?’
‘Course I’m not. But I don’t have an alternative, do you?’
‘Do we blow together, Johnny? Or does one of us blow and the other look? If that’s the case, Johnny, I bagies blowing and you do the looking?’
‘No, we blow together. You stand over there. I’ll stand here and after a count of three you blow for all you’re worth. One, two three, blow.’
The sound of gushing water drips from between the pursed lips of Johnny Bee.
‘Johnny, Johnny, stop! I’m not alive and that’s making me want to pee.’
‘It did sound like the sea didn’t it?’
‘Johnny, wasn’t you supposed to be blowing?’
‘Yes, I was.’
‘And yet it still came out as a wave noise. Johnny is that all you can do?’
‘I did think I could blow. Did it move at all?’
‘No, Johnny. Well not when I was looking it didn’t.’
‘Let’s try again. Perhaps if we both lie under the corner of the blanket and blow then the upwards air current will lift it. You think that’ll work?’
‘I guess there’s no harm in trying, Johnny. If that’s really what you want to do?’
They both take up the position, under the corner of the blanket and facing upwards.
‘Then on a count of three; one, two three blow.’
‘Johnny, it’s not moving. What you want to try now?’
‘Remember at my funeral?’
‘Naturally I do, how could I forget, Johnny?’
‘You went inside my coffin, so perhaps -.’
‘No. Johnny. No! I’m not doing it. If you want to slide between the sheets with that corpse then so be it. But, Johnny, please don’t ask me to do it. It was different with you. I knew you. Besides I didn’t really expect you to be in there. But I know, Johnny, that there is someone dead under there. Please, Johnny, please don’t ask me to do it?’
‘You afraid?’
‘No. I just don’t want to do it.’
‘Then I will. Here goes.’ And he does.
‘Johnny, no! Johnny, come back. Who is it? What did you see in there, Johnny?’
‘It’s the kid alright. A single gunshot to the temples. A neater job than he did on you. I guess he was killed in bed then once the blood stopped flowing the blanket was placed over his face. You know what, some interesting gossip?’
‘Not so sure I’m interested in gossip at this stage, Johnny. But I can see, by the look on your face, that that’s not going to stop you telling me.’
‘Under that blanket he’s naked. Not a stitch on. Starkers as the day he was born. Tell ya he’s lying under there with nothing but a half day’s growth of thin down over his top lip and chin.’
‘Poor kid. And him so young.’
‘Listen to you. He’s the one who killed you, remember?’
‘I know, Johnny, but it isn’t a life you’d want your own kids to have. Is it? Him so young, Johnny, not even a chance to live. I guess he’d only just started shaving. Johnny, can we go now?’
‘Cutter you never cease to amaze me. Here’s the kid, who killed you, dead. Justice done and seen to be done. And you want to leave. Why? You know something I don’t?’
‘No, Johnny. All I knows is I’m very uncomfortable. It’s as if we’re being watched.’
‘Perhaps he’s still in the room. You know, like we are.’
‘And he wouldn’t take kindly to you popping in bed with him. What with him naked and you in your Y-fronts, Johnny?’
‘Okay, don’t try and be cleaver, it doesn’t suit you.’
‘What do we now, Johnny?’
‘Listen, that’s the church clock. How many bongs? Did you count them?’
‘No, Johnny. I didn’t know you wanted me to. If I’d known, Johnny, then I’d have counted them for you. You know that, don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Sure.’
‘I can see the clock from here, Johnny, you want to know the time?’
‘Of course I do or why else would I have asked for the number of bongs?’
‘It’s 11. Does that mean anything to you, Johnny?’
‘We need to get over to the cop shop. So, if you really don’t want to hang around here, we could go there and wait for Berkshire to be interviewed.’
‘Sure, Johnny, and perhaps we can see if we can find Sandies, on the way there? Is that the plan, Johnny?’


Chapter 12

‘Now, Johnny, that does look nice on her. Don’t you think so, Johnny?’ 
Cutter asks as Sandra comes out of the fitting room in a very expensive ladies dress shop that she’s taken Beverley to. She’s wearing an expensive, fashionable and skimpy evening gown.
‘Have you seen the price tag? It’s over a month’s wages to an ordinary man,’ Johnny stammers.
‘That’s true. But, Johnny, you weren’t no ordinary man, were you?’
‘Even to me that’s a lot of money for what amounts to very little. Look at it, there’s nothing to it!’
‘You’re right there, Johnny. I reckon there’s about half a yard of silk, a handful of sequins and a couple of yards of lace at the most. That’s in my opinion. What you say, Johnny? You think the same as me? That ‘bout it. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘Now you’re the expert on women’s clothes, are you? And I’d like to know when you acquired this new skill?’
‘I’ve always had an eye for fashion, Johnny. You know that.’
‘Well it didn’t show in your own sartorial elegance.’
‘You know as well as I do, Johnny, that I had a reputation for being a natty dresser.’
‘Natty dresser? That saying went out the same time as your dress sense was in fashion. Need I add, the first time round?’
‘I did, Johnny, don’t you remember -?’
‘I remember that if I let you rabbit on then you’ll go on and on for ever and ever and never shut up. Come on let’s get out of here and find something useful to do?’
‘I was only saying, Johnny, how Charlie -. You remember Charlie, don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Course I do. He’s one of the three surviving members of CP. How could I forget Charlie?’
‘That’s the one, Johnny. Well, when he introduced us on stage, Charlie always used to say; "and now let me introduce you to Mr Music the nattiest dresser of the lot". Didn’t he always say that, Johnny? You must remember him saying it because he said it every time we was on stage. Didn’t he, Johnny? You must remember, Johnny?’
‘Not while I was listening he didn’t.’
‘Yes he did, Johnny. You just don’t like to admit when someone else was getting the star treatment.’
‘Star treatment? Come off it, Cutter. Charlie was the only star in his firmament. None of us got a look in. Remember how nasty he was when I did that great solo at High Meadows that time?’
‘If I remember rightly, Johnny, someone from the audience asked for that drum solo that was all the range at the time. What’s it called, Johnny?’
‘That’s the very occasion, Cutter. My time in the spot light and I took to it like a duck to the proverbial H2O. I shone and Charlie didn’t like it. I think he’d have refused to let me play if he’d thought he’d get away with it.’
‘And as I remember, Johnny, you was off your stool and agreeing before Charlie’d been able to think of a reason to decline. You was quick that night. Wasn’t you, Johnny? Lick-a-de-spit and then some.’
‘Opportunities for drummers to shine are few and far between. So you snatch them when they comes-a-calling.’
‘You certainly snatched that one, Johnny. Right from under Charlie’s nose. And he wasn’t happy. Was he, Johnny? What was it called, Johnny?’
‘The Big Noise. It’s all drum stick and whatever surface you have to hand.’
‘It’s impressive when it’s done well, Johnny. Don’t you agree? Johnny, why you looking at me like that? I wasn’t implying nothing. Honest I wasn’t. You believe me. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘As I remember it the audience screamed their appreciation from the moment I started. And, and don’t you remember the clapping went on for ages after I’d finished.’
‘I don’t remember that, Johnny. No. I know that it went on for as long as you were playing. They clapped and clapped and clapped. The facts, Johnny? I, at the time, I was stood by the door listening. And I remember, that at the time, I was thinking that the audience weren’t clapping in time to the rhythm. Which for a drum solo, Johnny, was odd. Don’t you think so? In fact I thought they weren’t clapping very fast at all. Is that what you were thinking as well, Johnny? While you was up there, centre stage an all alone playing your heart out for the ungrateful masses? Was it, Johnny?’
‘It was a stunning performance, Cutter. You should have been there.’
‘They didn’t clap very fast. Did they, Johnny?’
‘I can picture it now. There I was, for once centre stage, where I belonged. You’d all left the stage. Taken the opportunity to run  to the bar. But I didn’t give a toss. It didn’t matter you’d all left me. I was there. Up front. In the spot light. It found me and I loved it. I had the audience in the cup of my hand and I loved it. Every fleeting second.’
‘Cup, Johnny? I’ve always said “palm of my hand”. Is cup the same thing, Johnny? I’ve never heard that expression before.’
‘You wouldn’t understand, Cutter. “Cup of my hand’s” a technical term used by drummers. It has a slightly different meaning to the more common “palm of my hand”. But don’t you worry. You stick to palm. It’s roughly the same thing. Only don’t say it if you’re ever with a group of drummers. At best they may not understand you. At worst they’ll just laugh at you.’
‘I’ve worked with plenty of drummers, Johnny, and I’ve never heard them say that before. I guess, Johnny, it’s drummer to drummer talk? Is that it, Johnny? Drummer to drummer talk.’
‘You kill me, Cutter, but honestly you should have been there. A sea of faces all turned towards me and they were clapping and screaming and god the adulation! I tell you this, Cutter, I tell you it for nothing, it was almost better than sex.’
‘Sure, Johnny. I remember it as well, Johnny. I was there and you’re right. Well right about their screaming certainly. It would be hard to forget that noise. Like the baying of a pack of hounds at the kill. And you know what else you’re right about, Johnny? You’re right about us leaving the stage. You know what, Johnny, we legged it for a fag while you performed your grand dying swan solo. That’s how Charlie described it. Didn’t he, Johnny?’
‘I didn’t think so at the time but, with fully functioning hindsight, perhaps old Charlie was good to us.’
‘He gave us a lot of work.’
‘Only because we’d work for peanuts.’
‘Johnny, that wasn’t Charlie. Charlie paid us real well. Don’t you remember, Johnny? He always paid us all above Musicians Union rate… Oh, Johnny, what’ve I said? Have I put my foot in it? Have I? Sorry, Johnny. Didn’t Charlie pay you full MU rate?’
‘No, he didn’t! He said I’d make the difference up in my own way. Are you saying you got paid the full rate per hour?’
‘We all did, Johnny. I thought you were as well, Johnny. If I’d known you weren’t, Johnny, I’d have told you. You see, Johnny, that’s what comes of being so secretive. None of us knew what you were paid. You never said. Did you, Johnny? So as we was on MU rate it was natural to think that you was as well.’
‘And no one thought to ask me? Thanks!’
‘Don’t be like that, Johnny. Besides, you wouldn’t talk about money with the lads. So we didn’t think to ask. You see, Johnny, being secretive can have its drawbacks. Can’t it, Johnny?’
‘You’re saying he paid you the full MU rate?’
‘Perhaps Charlie was paying you the full MU rate for a drummer, eh, Johnny?’
‘You can stop the drummer jokes. We earn our keep at the back of the group keeping everyone together and getting very little attention.’
‘You got enough attention, Johnny. Didn’t you always go home with a beautiful woman on your arm? Didn’t you, Johnny?’
‘But he never introduced me the way he did you and the others. I was just “and the man at the back”.’
‘I guess that’s because we was up front with him. And if we only had a small stage he and I shared a mike.’
‘And I was at the back, unseen and forgotten about.’
‘We always heard you, Johnny. You can’t say we ignored you for long?’
‘For once I wanted him to introduce me as if I were really one of the band.’
‘I remember, Johnny, you used to tease me about his OTT introductions. You remember, Johnny? You said it made it sound as if I was a guest musician and not part of the band at all. Don’t you remember saying that, Johnny? I remember you said it every time, Johnny. Every single time, we played with Chemists Potion, you’d come up to me at the bar and you’d say, “he did it again, Cutter. He made you sound like a guest player.” I remember that so clearly, Johnny. Do you?’
‘Once or twice I may have made the odd, throw away, comment.’
‘No, Johnny, that’s where you’re wrong. You did it every time. Every single time he introduced me you made a joke of it. So in the end, Johnny, I was a little fed up. I told you so, Johnny. Don’t you remember?’
‘Oh, were you?’
‘Yes, Johnny, I was.’
‘Well you’re not a natty dresser now are you? What the hell’s she got on now?’ Johnny demands as Sandra comes out of the dressing room with yet another dress on.
‘It’s a ball gown, Johnny, for wearing on formal occasions. She likes it. Doesn’t she, Johnny. You can tell? Look how she’s fingering the cloth, her eyes are burning and just look at how she’s admiring herself in the mirror. Don’t worry, Johnny, she’s in mourning for you, she’ll not buy it. Johnny, she’s probably just trying it on for fun. Life can’t be much fun for her at the moment. Can it, Johnny? Besides, she won’t have any place to wear it to. Will she? Not now you’re not around to take her places. Will she, Johnny?’
‘Sandra, it’s stunning,’ Beverley notes.
‘Beverley, I’m glad you like it,’ Sandra reflects giving him the benefit of yet another twirl.
‘Guy’s doesn’t she look good?’
‘Beverley who you talking to?’ Sandra demands to the empty, apart from herself and Beverley, changing suite.
‘The staff,’ Beverley lies. ‘Oh, there isn’t anyone else here. How silly of me. I hadn’t realised they’d gone and left us alone.’
‘We are. You tell the sales staff which clothes you want to try on. Then they bring them to you before withdrawing discreetly. If you need them to attend you simply yank on this elaborate drape and they dash to your side. It’s all part of the service when you pay this for something.’ She holds out the price tag.
‘Gosh! Is that the price? I thought it was the national debt. I guess you’d expect a lot of personal attentive service if you’re paying that much for a dress. It must have been them withdrawing I saw. Unless, Sandra, it was your captivating beauty that made me think there were other people in the room. For your beauty is enough to fill a whole room.’
‘Beverley, you say the nicest things.’
‘Stop it, Berkshire. Don’t come on to my woman. Especially when I’m still around.’
‘I wasn’t coming on. I was covering a slip.’ Beverley tries to whisper his confession secretly to Johnny. He fails.
‘Sorry, Beverley, did you say my slip’s showing? I can’t see where? When I bend over I guess I cover it up again. That it? Beverley, where did you say it was showing?’ Sandra asks trying to locate any draping fabric.
‘It was a moment ago. But it’s perfect now. In fact; it’s stunning. Have you an event in mind?’ Beverly asks.
‘No, but you never know. I don’t suppose you’d be free to take me out in it, would you, Beverley?’
‘What! Berkshire the answer’s no. You’re not to take my woman out wearing a dress that I’m paying for. Got it?’
‘Johnny, would you want him to take her out without the dress on?’ Cutter asks helpfully or otherwise.
‘Cutter, keep out of this. I’m talking to him and he knows it. Berkshire, it won’t help you sticking your over long nose in the air -.’
‘Over long? It’s not over long!’ Beverley replies. 
Only Sandra thinks the comment’s directed at her.
‘No. I don’t think so, Beverley. Okay in these shoes the hem reaches the floor. I’ve another pair of heels that are an inch or so higher. So they’ll lift it completely off the ground. Well, perhaps just enough off the ground so I can walk in it. If you like I’ll call an assistant and ask to borrow a pair of shoes with a higher heel. That way you’ll get the full effect.’
‘No. I don’t need you to do that for me, Sandra. I can picture it with heels an inch, or perhaps one and a half inches higher? Then that would lift it and allow the skirt to cascade around your pretty ankles.’
‘You know, Beverley, you’re right. That’s exactly what it needs. Oh, Beverley, that’s what I like about you. You notice these things. My Johnny, never would. The slip showing, the length, how the skirt should fall and hang. You know I think shopping with you’s almost like shopping with another woman. You know… Perhaps I shouldn’t say this. Talk ill of the dead and all that. But My Johnny was awful to shop with. I’d be trying a few things on and he’d have a face like a wet weekend. You know what I mean?’
‘Yes, Sandra, I do. In fact I can see what you mean right now,’ Beverley adds turning to face Johnny.
‘Look, let me take your arm and if we turn to face the mirror. What do you see?’ Sandra asks.
‘It’s a good job he can see through you, Johnny, or he’d not be able to answer her,’ Cutter remarks.
‘Berkshire, I’m warning you.’
‘Come on, Beverley, don’t be shy. What you see?’
‘Sandra, what a question? I see a stunningly beautiful woman in an exquisite ball gown alongside an old, ugly man in a worn out pair of jeans and a sloppy jumper. That’s what I see, Sandra. But what do you see?’
‘Beverley, I like the first bit. Then you let the side down. I’d say you have more of a lived in face. One that shows the good nature of the person. It reflects character, experience and consideration.’
‘Consideration of everyone but me. Berkshire, for the last time, get out of here and leave my woman alone.’
‘Beverley, what’s that? Look there! In the mirror? It’s gone! Didn’t you see it?’
‘No? What was it? Was it a mark? ’
‘For a moment, Beverley. No! No. This is silly. It was only for a split second. No this is too ridiculous.’
‘Sandra, look at you, you’re shaking. Come sit down, over here. Come on.’
‘Beverley, if I crease the dress I’ll have to buy it. What the hell. I like it. I’ll get changed.’
‘No, Sandra. Sit down and tell me what you saw that made you react so. Do you still need me to hold your hand?’
‘Berkshire, you’re trying it on with her again. I told you I’ll not stand for it. Now get up from her side and -.’
‘Beverley I saw a man. There, I’ve said it.’
‘Berkshire she saw me!’ Johnny screams and then dances for joy.
‘You mean a reflection in the mirror?’ Beverley asks.
‘Yes. That’s what I saw,’ Sandra slowly agrees.
‘And you don’t think it could have been my reflection that you saw? Could it have been that Sandra?’
‘Sandies, saw you, Johnny, that’s good isn’t it?’
‘Barb Doll, love. You’ve seen me. There’s no need to be shocked. It’s me. You really saw me. Barb Doll, I’m so happy.’
‘Think, Sandra, could it have been my reflection you saw?’
‘Stop this, Berkshire. She saw me. She said so. You heard her. We all heard her. So stop trying to lead her from the bleeding obvious. It was me she saw. Me! Even Cutter knows it. So why you not telling her the obvious?’
‘I said it so it must be true,’ Sandra confesses looking deep into his eyes. ‘Beverley, this sounds silly. And even to me I think it’s silly. But I’m sure I saw a reflection of a man in the mirror. And while I know you’re the only man in the room I know, hand on heart, that the man I saw in the reflection wasn’t you.’
‘And you’re sure of this?’
‘Yes, Beverley, positive. He was smaller for a start.’
‘Okay. Then could it have been the reflection of one of the assistants passing the door?’
‘No. They’re all just skinny kids.’
‘Could it have been a mark on the mirror? You know how glass is so difficult to clean. You think you’ve done a good job; and indeed it does sparkle in the light. But then you move away and catch it at a slightly different angle and you see all the smudges you’d previously missed.’
‘Berkshire, she don’t need no lesson in cleaning mirrors. She saw me and there’s an end to it. So why won’t you admit it?’ Johnny demands.
‘Oh, Beverley, you have that problem as well? So do I? I once used one of them specialist glass cleaning fluids. Expensive it was. But I thought if it does the job who cares what it costs. But it didn’t stop it. So I gave up. My mum said I’d to try vinegar and newspaper.’
‘I’ve also heard about that. Did it work?’
‘Like a dream. It works. But the smell’s so awful I stopped. Who wants to work hard to make a nice home only to have it smell like a chipie?’
‘Yes, Sandra, I can see that would be a disadvantage.’
‘Beside in a place as small as yours you’d not be able to get away from the stink. Sorry, smell. No offence meant.’
‘I assure you none taken. I like the cosy, perhaps to some, small nature of my home.’
‘Are smells a problem?’ Sandra persists.
‘Berkshire, what you doing? Trying to kill me by exasperation?’ Johnny demands. ‘Get her back to talking about me. She saw me, remember?’
‘When I need to clear the air I open the doors at both ends and let the wind blow through.’
‘Berkshire, what you talking about this rubbish for? Get her back on the subject of my reflection. That’s why we’re here. Cutter, he doesn’t have an ounce of sense.’
Sandra walks over to inspect the mirror. After a studied examination she adds, ‘Beverley, look, this mirror hasn’t a smudge on it anywhere. In fact it’s spotless. I wish my woman-who-does got my mirrors this clean.’
‘Sandra, are you saying that you don’t think it was a mark on the surface?’
‘Look, it’s clean?’
‘Could it have been a trick of the light, Sandra?’
‘I guess… It could have been, Beverley. They do have subtle lighting in here and it’s that dusky pink colour as well. I guess it must have been. But whatever it was, Beverley, for a fleeting moment I saw a man. And he really did look like a man in a tuxedo.’
‘Johnny it was me she saw!’ Cutter adds loudly.
‘As Berkshire said it was a trick of the light, Cutter. Nothing more an nothing less. If she was going to see ghosts she wouldn’t see you, would she? She’d see me. Wouldn’t she Berkshire? Tell him that she’d see me.’
‘No! I don’t know!’ 
‘Beverley,’ Sandra coos, ‘… don’t sound so cross. It was only a trick of the light. You said so yourself. And you know what I think? I think you’re wrong. That’s what I think.’
‘If you think I’m wrong, Sandra? Then what do you think it was that you saw?’
‘I think, Beverley Berkshire, that what I saw was an omen? And as we saw it together, you and I, I think it’s trying to tell us something very important. It was trying to say that I have to buy this dress …’
‘That’s a first! Barb Doll, what an excuse to spend my money!’
‘…and I need a man to escort me in it. And that man will need clothes to match. So you know what it is that I’m thinking, Beverley. I’m thinking that the man who takes me out will have to look the part. And do you know what? There’s a shop next door that sells clothing for the discerning gentleman. And I think that that’s what the omen’s telling us to do.’
‘I don’t follow you,’ Beverley lies.
‘Beverley, do I need to spell it out? Okay, I believe the omen is trying to tell me to buy you a tux. If you don’t want to accept it as a gift from me I could take it out of the money I’ll be paying you from My Johnny’s stash. Before you say anything, Beverley, remember that it’s an omen. And we can’t argue with an omen. Can we now?’
‘One thing at a time, Sandra. I’ll need all the money you pay me to pay my bills. Besides I’ve no use for posh clothing. And I don’t have anywhere to keep them where they wouldn’t get damp and be ruined in weeks.’
‘You could take me places. Wouldn’t you like to be seen in posh places with me on your arm, just like this, Beverley?’ 
‘No Sandra,’ Beverley says.
‘Beverley, you wound me!’ Sandra scolds.
‘What, Berkshire are you mad my Sandra’s a stunning woman?’
‘What, Johnny, you heard he turned her down?’ Cutter adds to the discussion.
‘Yeah, okay, you only said it because you know I’m here and can hear every word you’re saying. Look, Berkshire, the gloves are off now. For the last time, I’m warning you, keep away from my woman.’
‘Sandra, the shape you saw in the mirror?’
‘I guess it was just my mind playing tricks. Either that or a smudge, as you said. I’m sorry, Beverley, I didn’t mean to embarrass you. Besides the shape was a lot smaller than you. So it must have been my imagination.’
‘Sort of Jack shape?’
‘No, smaller and with more meat on the bones; if you know what I mean.’
‘Sort of the size of Cutter?’
‘I guess so. But to be honest I can’t really remember anything at all about him. Let alone what size he was. Isn’t that an awful thing to say about someone who’s dead? But then he was My Johnny’s friend. He wasn’t really a friend of mine or of us as a couple. If he’d been then I’d have remembered more about him. It’s sad that he’s just faded into oblivion. I guess that’s because I’m still upset over losing My Johnny.’
‘She did see me in the mirror. Didn’t she, Bev? It’s me she’s seen first. Johnny, that don’t mean anything. Does it, Bev? It doesn’t mean she doesn’t want to see you, Johnny, does it?’
‘Berkshire, what’s the significance of her seeing him first?’
‘There isn’t any,’ Beverley adds without thinking.
‘What? There isn’t any what, Beverley?’ Sandra asks.
‘Any reason, Sandra, why you should remember anything at all about Cutter. That’s what there isn’t any of. Look I need to go. Will you be alright here alone? I need to keep my appointment with the police?’
‘Do you need a lift back?’
‘Berkshire, I’m warning you?’
‘Why don’t we meet next door in a couple of hours? Would that please you?’
‘Very much, Beverley.’
‘No. On second thoughts, Sandra, why don’t you go home? This has been a difficult day for you. Stay here as long as you like and then make your own way home. I don’t know how long I’ll be with the police. And it’s foolish for you to hang around waiting for me. But thanks for the offer.’
‘If you’re sure. Then I’ll try the other dress on as well. Remember the blue one that we both liked. I couldn’t decide between them. Perhaps I can … Go on, why not? Besides it’s cheering me up. And you know how I need to be cheered up, don’t you, Beverley? On your way out can you ask the assistant to bring me the blue dress in? Oh, and that flaming orange one that’s in the window? Now that’s a dress for killing in.’


Chapter 13

‘Where we going, Johnny?’
‘Shut up. I don’t want to hear your voice. In fact why you following me? I didn’t ask you to come, did I? Why don’t you find someone else to haunt?’
‘Johnny, are you really mad at me? Johnny, I’ve seen you like this before. I don’t think it’s me you’re mad at. You think that, Johnny? You see I think you’re really mad with someone else. Someone who isn’t here. So you’re taking it out on me because I am here. Isn’t that what you think as well, Johnny? Johnny, aren’t you talking to me now? Oh, Johnny, I understand. Or I think I understand. Johnny? I think you’re mad at me because Sandies saw me and not you. What you say, Johnny? Johnny, you ignoring me? Johnny, I didn’t do it deliberately. I didn’t, Johnny. I really didn’t. You have to believe me. Please, Johnny, please say you believe me?’
‘Cutter, she’s my woman and she tries to get off with Beverley, then she sees you and not me. What am I in her life? I’ll tell you I’m nothing. I’m just a big empty hole in the ground.’
‘No, Johnny. Besides, by now, won’t it have been filled in, Johnny?’
‘All I ever was to that woman was a cash machine. Someone who provided her with enough money to keep her happy. And as long as I provide the readies she don’t care which side of the grave I’m on.’
‘Johnny, why you say that about Sandies? You know it isn’t true. Don’t you, Johnny? Deep down, you do know that, Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘No I don’t.’
‘Johnny, you saw how cut up she was over you dying. Didn’t you? Them were real tears?’
‘Only because the cash-point had closed!’
‘Johnny, that’s an awful thing to say about such a wonderful woman. And, Johnny, when you’ve calmed down, you’ll realise that. Won’t you, Johnny?’
‘No.’
‘Johnny, okay, so Sandies’s only after your money. But, Johnny, what’s your own motivation?’
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Where are we going, Johnny?’
‘I don’t know. I just need to get away.’
‘We’ve been gliding around this church steeple for the last quarter of an hour. Why, Johnny, why?’
‘You can tell the time now, can you?’
‘Johnny, why you snapping at me?’
‘You can always leave if you want to.’ 
‘Don’t you think I know that, Johnny?’
‘Look, I can’t glide around here chewing the cud with you all day. I’ve things to do. Besides I need to stretch -.’ As he speaks Johnny sets off flying, very quickly, away from Cutter.
‘Johnny, wait! Gosh that’s a lick-a-de-spit rate. Wait for me. I’m coming. Where we heading?’
‘Oh, you’re still hanging around?’
‘You think it odd I want to stay with you, Johnny. Even when you’re being nasty to me all the time?’
‘I don’t see why. Why don’t you just go like -!’
‘I get it, Johnny -.’
‘No you don’t,’ Johnny snaps coming to a sudden and unexpected stop.
‘Johnny, no!’ Cutter screams as he takes evasive action so as not to fly straight through Johnny, ‘Why you stopped again?’
‘Because I have. I don’t need to account to you for my actions.’
‘No, sure you don’t, Johnny. It’s just that when you set off I thought, lick-a-de-spit, that man’s got someplace to go. I did, Johnny, I really did. 
‘Well you was wrong. And you can stop being so smug and take that smirk off your face.’
‘Johnny, I keep telling you, it’s the way my face falls. I can’t help it. I don’t mean nothing by it.’
‘Well let me tell you this for nothing. I set off quickly to get rid of you. And I can see now that it hasn’t worked. I guess the Buddhist’s are right. You do get reincarnated because, Cutter, you may have been a tiny weenie little bunny rabbit in your previous. But it this one you’re turning into a right big fat juicy leech. And you know what’s so annoying? That it’s me you’re feeding off.’
‘Sure, Johnny. You always take it out on me. Don’t you, Johnny. But I knows this for sure. I knows you’re wrong about me being either a bunny or a leech. I guess I’m just a worm, Johnny. Isn’t that what I am, Johnny, a worm to take your abuse and still stand by you?’
‘Worm, leech what’s it matter?’
‘Johnny, you’re doing it again.’
‘Doing what?’
‘Gliding round and round in that aimless fashion.’
‘Cutter, it’s my eternity and I’ll spend it doing what I like. If I wish to whittle some of eternities endless hours doing nothing, then … Then who gives a stuff? She doesn’t that’s for sure.’
‘I knew it, Johnny, Sandies not seeing you hurt -.’
‘Why should her not seeing me hurt you, Cutter? That’s what you was about to say, wasn’t it? It hurt you. Which is strange because it doesn’t bother me. So I don’t see why it should bother you?’
‘No, Johnny. I can see that. Johnny, can I remind you of something you said we could do? Would that be a good idea, Johnny? Earlier, Johnny, you suggested we could -.’
‘Cutter, why you in such a hurry to do things? We’re dead and we’ve all eternity. Don’t you find this fun? I do.’
‘If I’m being totally honest, Johnny, then no I don’t. Besides, Johnny, isn’t doing something better than this gliding aimlessly around and around?’
‘Stop right there, Cutter. No, I mean it, stop gliding. What have you in mind? I guess you want to see where I’ve hidden my stash. Is that it? Try an trick me into taking you there?’
‘No, Johnny. I wasn’t thinking that at all. I was actually thinking that we could, if you still think it’s a good idea. It was your idea after all so I’m not trying to claim it as being my idea. But earlier, you said we could glide over to the cop shop? Johnny, stop! Johnny, why you gliding off so fast? Hold on I need to catch up.’
‘Cutter, don’t you think I’ve had my belly full of Berkshire for one day? Besides I want to do some sleuthing on my own.’
‘Do you want me to go over to the cop shop, Johnny? Is that a plan? I leave you on your own for a bit? Why you stopped, Johnny? I thought gliding that fast was quite exhilarating. I was enjoying it. Wasn’t you, Johnny?’
‘Yes. No. I don’t know. Look, Cutter, I’m all confused. You were killed. Your killer was then killed. Hip-O was killed -.’
‘There you go again, Johnny, making facts fit your theories.’
‘Okay, have it your own way. Hip-O “may” have been killed. There has to be a connection. But where do we start looking? I wish I could write it down. A pattern may emerge. It’s hard keeping it all in my head.’
‘Especially when your brains got the "big fry-up" last week, eh, Johnny? I can see that would be a problem, Johnny. So where was we heading? You know where we are. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘No.’
‘So stopping here wasn’t deliberate?’
‘No, why do you ask?’
‘I did think, as we glided out of the shopping centre, that we was on our way to the cop shop. But you turned left and not right. So then I thought we were off to the video shop. But we glided over that. Not stopping even when they brought the body out and the flashing blues drove off.’
‘Oh did they? I didn’t notice.’
‘I gathered that, Johnny. We glided on and on and on. It’s only when we stopped here that I guess where it is you’re heading.’
‘That’s real bright of you, Cutter, real bright.’
‘Is it, Johnny?’
‘Sure, you work out where we’re going at the very moment we arrive. Very clever.’
‘Oh, I see.’ 
‘So, Cutter, tell me where you think we are?’
‘The B-G Club, Johnny. Your old club. Remember, Johnny? Well, it’s just over there. Wasn’t that where you was heading, Johnny? Oh, Johnny, the old club! Don’t it just bring back happy memories?’
‘I’ve no time for memories.’ 
‘Sorry, Johnny, I forgot there’s work to be done.’
‘I did wonder how long it’d be before you realised where I was heading. My brains may have been fried but they’re still in full working order. I asked myself where to start. And I remembered the B-G. I decided that that was as good a place as any. And here we are.’
‘Did you, Johnny? That’s very clever of you, Johnny. So you know what we’re looking for; at the club?’
‘Clues, Cutter, clues. So keep an open mind. I guess we can just glide in through the wall and here we are.’ 
Johnny adds as the two ghosts make perfect entries into the centre of the club. A sprinkling of dust covers every surface. The tables and chairs are hidden under dust sheets. It looks asleep. A slumbering giant who’s awakening will bring music, life and laughter. Johnny and Cutter catch their breath, in the back of their throats, as they look around.
‘God! That smell and doesn’t it look …’
‘Phew! You’re right, Johnny?’
‘It looks as if it could open tonight. It needs a little dusting. Other than that the place looks operational.’
‘That smell, Johnny. Johnny, how come we can smell all of a sudden? We couldn’t before. Or I couldn’t. Could you, Johnny?’
‘No.’
‘Bev said –.’
‘Don’t say his name in front of me again.’
‘I was only going to say that Bev said that gifts were given to the newly deceased at different stages, Johnny.  Perhaps it’s our turn to be able to smell.’
‘That’s just like him to wish a gift on us when it’s most inconvenient. It stinks in here.’
‘I guess, Johnny, as it’s been closed for over a year and dust accumulates if you don’t keep on top of it.’
‘You’re beginning to sound like Sandra and Berkshire back there. You want to give me a lesson in cleaning as well? It’s a good job I’m dead otherwise, what with the three of you rabbiting on about housework, I could lose the will to live. And what a boring subject you all pick to talk about? Of all the subjects under the sun, you could talk about, you pick housework. Haven’t you anything better to discuss?’
‘That smell, Johnny? It’s awfully strong. Johnny, it reminds me of when I was a kid -.’
‘Not one for the personal hygiene then, was that it, Cutter?
‘That wasn’t what I was going to say.’
‘Come on, Cutter, only my little joke.’
‘Well, Johnny, you’re not in any position to make jokes! Are you, Johnny? Look at the state of your –.’
‘You were saying, Cutter, about smelling as a kid?’
‘Not me smelling. I was saying about when Lucky -. You remember Lucky. Don’t you Johnny?’
‘Some cat you adopted. I remember. A skinny mutt, ugly and scrawny. To be truthful I couldn’t see what you saw in it.’
‘Is that why you tried to pull her tail off, Johnny?’
‘I did no such thing. I’ve never been cruel to an animal in all my life. That’s why they like me.
‘But, Johnny, you wanted to swing her round by her tail. I had to beg you not to do it. Don’t you remember, Johnny?’
‘That? You believed me? You really think that I’d -! Me do that? Me, Cutter? Cutter, that was a joke. I was only testing how loyal you’d be to her. I’d not have done it. Cutter, is that what this’s all about? You really think I’d have … Well, Cutter, I’m disappointed in you. Fancy you, of all people, thinking that about me? Me who’d never harm an animal. Besides I did all that work for the RSPCA that Christmas.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you only agreed to do that because you had the hots for the chick organising the event. Don’t you remember, Johnny? I do?’
‘So many women and you think I can remember them all?’
‘She was a bit tasty I’ll give you that, Johnny. You like ‘em tasty, don’t you?’
‘And I’ve always been public spirited, Cutter. But you know what? I hate to see this place like this. All the work I put into building it up and now look at it. It’s dead. The life’s gone out of it and it stinks.’
‘You’re right there, Johnny, it stinks.’
‘I wish someone would take it over and make a go of it. Why were we talking about your cat?’
‘I was saying that this place smelt like that.’
‘Like your old cat? I’ll grant you there’s a whiff of pee about the place, but I don’t thinks it’s cats pee.’
‘What you think it is then, Johnny?’
‘I guess if this place’s unguarded then anyone can get in. And once the tramps start kipping in here, of a night time, it won’t take long for the smell to build. Human piss that’s what I smell.’
‘No, Johnny, I wish it were. What I can smell isn’t pee. It’s like when Lucky’d kill something, bring it home an hide it so we’d not notice it until it was all maggoty and started to smell just like, Johnny, it’d smell just like this place smells right now. Johnny, I don’t like this. Can we go?’
‘Cutter, if we ran away every time we got onto something scary where would our investigations be? Come on. The smell’s strongest by that door over there.’
‘Didn’t that door lead to your office, Johnny?’
‘Aren’t you listening to me? That’s what I just said. Behind that door? Come on, we can go in together.’
‘Yes,’ Cutter says looking at Johnny and waiting until he moves.
‘Yes,’ Johnny says looking at Cutter and waiting until he moves.
‘Johnny, are we just going to hover around here all day. Or are we going to take a look?’
‘Something’s dead behind that wall, isn’t it Cutter?’
‘Or Johnny -. Johnny, you think there’s a strong possibility that there’s someone dead behind that wall?’
‘That’s also a possibility I’ve been considering. Only I decided not to voice it in case it scared you, Cutter.’
‘Oh, Johnny, that was so thoughtful of you. And I wasn’t as considerate of you. You forgive me, Johnny?’
‘I’m used to it. Story of my life. And you know what, Cutter?’
‘No, Johnny, is this going to be about the body?’
‘It is.’
‘Johnny, I’m not sure I want to know. Do I want to know what you’re about to tell me, Johnny?’
‘I think that whatever it is, that’s behind there, has been dead a long time. That smell’s pretty pungent.’
‘Johnny, I don’t want to go in there.’
‘We could do it together?’
‘Johnny, you mean hand in hand?’
‘No! What you take me for? A sissy? A poof? Get away with your girly ways. Come on, Man, pull yourself together. We’re going in and we’re going in together? After a count of three?’
‘Who’s counting?’ Cutter sensibly asks.
‘I will.’
‘Oh, Johnny, will you count properly?’
‘Cutter? On a count of three.’
‘I will if you will.’
‘Okay, we both glide into my office after a count of three, right?’
‘Right.’
‘Ready, then a one, and a two and a three and a ...’ Johnny counts the only way he can.
‘Oh Christ!’ Cutter screams from behind the wall. ‘Oh God! Oh how awful! Oh, Johnny, it’s -!’ His voice stops before urgently adding in a tone fairly close to annoyance, ‘Johnny, where the hell are you?’ he demands as he glides back out.
‘Sorry but I’m still out here, Cutter. What can you see? Oh, you’re back. That didn’t take you long.’
‘You said we’d go in together, Johnny.’
‘I’m sorry, Cutter. I just couldn’t do it. It was my office after all. And by the time I realised I couldn’t do it you’d already gone. Just like the brave little soldier you are.’
‘You never had any intention of going in there. Did you, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, you wound me. What you take me for?’
‘It’s me that I take for something, Johnny. Cutter’s not a leech or a frightened little bunny rabbit any more. Am I, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, I’m wounded. I did try to call you back. You were too quick off the mark.’
‘Thanks a lot, Johnny? Thanks for nothing. Johnny, did you ever intend going in there?’
‘Cutter, what an awful thing to suggest. I came here, didn’t I? I was the one who said we should come. And I got us in here and through the walls. And now you’re suggesting I tricked you into entering my old office alone because … Because of what, Cutter? You think I was afraid to go in there myself? Well that’s where you’re wrong. Look? Watch. See.’ 
Johnny glides through the wall. He’s back beside Cutter very quickly.
‘Did you see me go into the office and then come back out again?’ Johnny asks opening his eyes before turning to face Cutter.
‘You weren’t in there for very long, were you, Johnny?’
‘We’re timing it now, are we?’
‘Not especially, Johnny. It’s just that I was in there for longer than that.’
‘You were in and out pretty quick.’
‘I was in there longer than you were.’ 
‘What does time matter when you’re dead and done with for all eternity? Cutter, I’ve always felt you could have some very small minded ideas. Look up to the heavens, Man, and think big.’
‘I still feel you tricked me, Johnny. Besides, did you have your eyes closed the whole time you was in there, Johnny? Well did you, Johnny?’
‘I didn’t have them closed.’
‘Well you did when you came back.’
‘That doesn’t mean I had them closed when I was inside. It means that I don’t like looking at what my club’s become.’
‘And you had them closed when you left. I noticed that as well, Johnny. I was going to say something. But you was gone, and back, so quickly I just didn’t have time.’
‘So I don’t like seeing as I glide through walls. I was just quicker at assessing the situation than you were. And, I didn’t make all that noise that you did. So, what are we going to do about it?’
‘About what, Johnny?’
‘Don’t get clever with me, Cutter. You know what I mean. That. In there.’
‘The dead body, that’s covered in maggots, with its head’s blown off. Is that what you mean, Johnny?’
‘Yes, that’s what I mean.’
‘That’s odd, Johnny. That’s very clever of you to see that with your eyes closed. You see, Johnny, I didn’t see it. And I had mine open while I was in there. So, Johnny, what did you see?’
‘Same as you.’
‘Which was?’
‘What you said, Cutter.’
‘I didn’t say.’
‘You know, dead body -. Bodies. That sort of thing.’
‘Can’t say for sure, eh, Johnny?’
‘I can only say what I saw. There may have been other bodies that I didn’t see.’
‘What did you see?’
‘I’ve told you. Same as you.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you don’t know how to answer me. Do you, Johnny, because you didn’t look. Did you, Johnny?’
‘No, Cutter, I didn’t open my eyes. Satisfied?’
‘’We have to let the police know. Perhaps if we go back to Bev and tell him he’ll be able to send them out here.’
‘Do you know who it is, Cutter? Who’s dead next door?’
‘Johnny, you’ve to prepare yourself for this. It’s Trish. She’s in there with her throat cut.’
‘What! But she was at my funeral. Cutter, you sure? Let me -.’ He starts to re-enter the room. He hesitates and is lost. He turns back to face Cutter. ‘No. I’ll take your word for it. Cutter, is it really bad in there?’
‘Remember we was told Pot had gone to the States and that he was making it big, Johnny? Remember us being told that?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well he didn’t. He’s in there with Trish. He’s had his head split open and by the looks of him, and the smell, he’s been dead for ages. Johnny, you know what I think? I think he was killed and his body’s just been left there.’
‘As a warning you mean?’
‘It looks like someone brought Trish here, knowing what they’d find, and then killed her. She looks as if she’s seen Pots body. She looked terrified. Johnny, I don’t like it here anymore. Can we go?’
‘That’s all of us but Charlie? He’s the only one of us still alive.’
‘Charlie and Hip-O. Should we warn them, Johnny?’
‘How?’
‘I guess we need to find Bev and ask him what we should do. Is that the next step, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, was there any sign of a struggle in there?’
‘Johnny, Johnny, why you ask me that? You think I studied the scene like some cop? Johnny, I saw what I saw and then I left as soon as I knew you’d not come through with me. And I’ll tell you this for nothing, Johnny, I’m not going back in there. No, Johnny, you can’t make me. Johnny! Come back?’ he calls to his friends departing back. Louder he asks, ‘Why you gone through there now? I’ve just told you what’s there. And you go gliding in as if you’re invited to a Mary Poppins’ tea-party? Johnny, I said I wasn’t going back in there. Johnny, say something. Johnny, what you doing in there?’
‘Looking for clues. What you think I’m doing? Are you staying that side, or are you coming in here to help me?’ Johnny calls from behind the wall.
‘Johnny, have you got your eyes open this time?
‘Cutter, you didn’t tell me about Hip-O. In fact you said he was still alive. Well he ain’t.’
‘Hip-O, I didn’t see him?’
‘He’s here, behind the desk and he’s as dead as Trish and Pot.’
‘So all the stories of him playing on some Boy Band’s tour were just that …?’
‘Stories.’
‘Are you sure about Hip-O. Johnny? I didn’t see him.’
‘Come and look for yourself? It’s been a right little ménage a trios and I tell you, Hip-O’s here as well.’
‘Johnny, where are you?’
‘Here, behind the desk. Look. Hip-O’s skewered as if for a barbeque. Is this really happening, Cutter?’
‘Johnny, who’d do this?’
‘Plenty?’
‘I can see the killing, Johnny. But isn’t it a sick mind that would bring the next victim here.’
‘It’s big league crime, Cutter. Very big.’
‘What you say Johnny, I can hardly hear you. You whispering for a reason.’
‘I guess, Cutter, I was out of my depth. I didn’t know what it was.  And I guess it’s too late. Cutter, you listening?’
‘No, Johnny, I said I could hardly hear you. Why you started whispering? Is someone else back there with you?’
‘No, I’m alone. Just me and the bodies. I’m on my way back. I don’t like it here at all.’
‘Johnny, you’re back. Just look at the place. Okay it’s dusty and smells but otherwise it’s so neat and tidy almost as if they’re ready to open. Not a table or chair out of place and the glass all polished yet it’s a charnel house.’
‘Cutter, you remember where Trish was lying?’
‘Yes, Johnny, I remember. Getting it out of my mind’ll be the problem.’
‘She and I had sex there once. And now … Now we’re both dead. What happened, Cutter? What have we missed?’
‘Johnny, it’s a turn a-round for you to be asking the questions? Did you find anything of interest in there?’
‘No, just the bodies of some very good friends who didn’t deserve to die and especially didn’t deserve to die that way. You know, Cutter, I know I’ve not always been a good boy. But I was never into this type of stuff. This is gangland crime. Way out of my league. Cutter, what did we stumble into?’
‘Johnny, you trafficked drugs, illegal booze, girls and porn and you think you weren’t at this level?’
‘I never killed anyone, Cutter. Honest.’
‘Or had them killed, Johnny?’
‘No, Cutter, that was a lie. Okay so it was my car that hit her as she walked home. But I wasn’t driving. I wasn’t even in the country when it happened. And all my girls were legit. I never used them foreign birds.’
‘Johnny, Johnny, the nationality of the girls doesn’t matter. They all sold themselves in the end.’
‘Sandra didn’t?’
‘She did in a way, Johnny. She sold herself to you.’
‘That’s different. My girls came to me themselves. They didn’t have pimps, or diseases and they kept themselves clean. I made sure of that. I was offered the other sort.’
‘What other sort, Johnny?’
‘The sort they smuggle into the country with the promise of jobs and then make them work the sex trade. Plenty of times some guy, or other, would make me an offer. I always turned them down, Cutter. So you can take that censorial look off your face.’
‘Did you tell the police?’
‘No. There’s a code -.’
‘I know all about that, Johnny. Isn’t it called “Honour Among Thieves”?’
‘Come on, I’ve seen enough. Besides, Cutter, you’re not as innocent as you make out?’
‘What’s that supposed to mean, Johnny?’
‘I’ve stolen, robbed and cheated my way to a small fortune.’
‘Cards on the table, Johnny. What you calling a small fortune?’
‘I’ve around ten million stashed away that no one, but me, knows about.’
‘That’s a tidy sum.’
‘And before you ask, no, I didn’t kill anyone to get it. And I don’t see that getting it back is enough to justify all this. Is it, Cutter?’
‘Getting it back, Johnny?’
‘Someone’s trying to rob me of it. Wouldn’t you say that’s a good hypothesis, Cutter?’
‘Why you looking at me, Johnny?’
‘You called me, summoned me from the grave to come and watch you being killed? Why, Cutter, why call on me?’
‘You’re my best friend, Johnny?’
‘And how did you know I’d be able to respond to your death bed call?’
‘Because that’s what best friends do for each other. Isn’t it, Johnny? Don’t they, Johnny? Well you did it for me. Didn’t you, Johnny?’
‘Yes, Cutter, I came to your side. I glided in on the morning light and saw you at the very point of your death. You called, I heard and I responded. Drawn to your side. Just like I’ve been drawn to this place. The question is; why? Why, Cutter? And I’ll tell you this for nothing. Your earlier answer gets you an F minus. It’s just not good enough.’
‘What else you want me to say, Johnny? I didn’t know I’d called out to you that night. I didn’t even see you till I was dead. Besides I was too busy, shitting my pants and begging for my life, to be thinking about calling out to anyone other than Graham. Well, calling on any conscious level that is, Johnny. But who can say what messages we send out on a subconscious level. Is that it, Johnny? Are we into the realm of unknown minds?’
‘Cutter, you called out at the moment of death to another dead soul. Doesn’t that strike you as being odd?’
‘No, Johnny, quite natural I’d have thought. You’ve got that look on your face again. What you getting at, Johnny?’
‘How did you know I was dead?’
‘I didn’t know, Johnny. I didn’t know that until I saw you gliding around my pad in your Y-fronts and me with a hole in my head.’
‘Then how did you know, when you called out to me for help, that I’d be able to hear and respond?’
‘Gosh, Johnny, I hadn’t thought about it that way.’
‘And another thing that’s odd. Your hit boy; you called him Graham the Gun, right?’
‘Yes, Johnny, and your age don’t matter when you have a gun in your hands.’
‘Yet when we was at his flat; and we both know it was him under that blanket. Remember the man banging on the door?’
‘Yes, Johnny. You’re point being?’
‘Remember what he called out?’
‘Not his exact words, Johnny, no. Why?’
‘He called him Frank. Now, Cutter, why would he not know the name of his own staff? And, Cutter, you know how I hate to be taken for a ride and lied to?’


Chapter 14

‘Bev you’ve got to help me?’ 
Cutter screams as he flies into the police interview room where Beverley, having been questioned, is waiting to sign his statement.
‘Ben, get lost! They’ll be back soon with my statement. Where’s Johnny? I’ve never seen one of you without the other. Where is he? Look at you. You’re as white as a ghost.’
‘I am a ghost.’
‘Yes, but you normally have more colour than this. Ben, don’t tell me Jack’s actually passed over. Has he?
‘No. Bev, it’s a long story and you’re about to go over your statement.’
‘Then give me the Readers Digest version.’
‘It’s still very long,’ 
‘Then just the salient facts, Ben. Keep the rest for later.’
‘Johnny and I, we found four more bodies.’
‘With you being dead, Ben, you think, perhaps, you’re attracting them?’
‘One’s the kid who killed me. We went over there -.’
‘Ben, as riveting as this is I’m not sure I want to hear about it right now.’
‘But you do, Bev. It’s important. The other three were at the club Johnny used to own.’
‘Ben, I said -.’
‘Hear me out, Bev, please. All these dead bodies is one thing. But the worst part is that Johnny thinks I knew about them and then I lied to him and even worse -. He thinks I killed them. How can he think I’m a murderer? And even worse than that, Bev, he thinks I killed him and that you and I are in this together just to trick Sandra out of his nest egg.’
‘Stop there, Ben. I’m being interviewed by the police. I don’t want to know anything else until I’ve got safely out of here. In fact, don’t say another word. Nothing ‘til I’ve left here and got safely home. Is that understood? Well is it? Do you understand what I’m saying to you, Ben? Not another word. In fact, I think it would be best if you just went. Yes, leave me, now –. Shit what was that!’ Not normally a man to use obscenities Beverley’s forced into using one as Johnny files into the room at break-neck speed screaming for revenge.
‘Cutter you bastard. I’ll kill you.’
‘Jack, stop. He’s already dead.’
‘And has he told you what he’s done?’ Johnny demands his eyes full of hate as he glares at Cutter while his hands itch to throttle him.
‘Apparently he has single-handedly killed a small army of people, including you. And he and I are in cahoots to trick you out of your nest egg. How that will benefit Ben I really don’t know. But apparently that’s what he’s done; according to you, Jack. But, Jack, and, Ben, both of you hear me out. Unless you want to get me into really deep water; leave it. This is not the time or the place.’
‘Berkshire, you’re not listening -.’
‘You’re right there, Jack. I’m not going to listen to either of you. So you may as well go away and try to resolve the differences yourselves. Then, by all means, come and find me when I’m free to talk to you. Which, as I’ve just explained to Ben here, will be when I’m back home. Now, before I disown both of you, kindly leave and I mean right now and not a moment later. Go.’
‘But, Berkshire, it’s -.’
‘Whatever it is, that you want to unburden yourselves of, it’s going to have to wait. Go. You’re not moving. Okay then how’s this for an idea. Why don’t you wait for me outside? We can meet in the car park. Look is it too much to ask; that I get to check my police statement without the distraction of wondering what each of you is getting up to?’
‘Bev, you can see us so you’d know what we was doing?’ Cutter notes.
‘That’s true superficially. Having you in full view is just too distracting. Go, before they come back. I’ll see you both outside. It shouldn’t take long. I’ve only to check my statement.’
‘But, Berkshire -.’
‘Shut up, Johnny, the door’s opening.’
‘Sorry, Sir, did you say something?’
‘Only to myself, Officer. I live alone and the silence can often be too much. So I often talk to myself. I know it’s pathetic a little sad even. But as the sound fills the air it can actually make me believe that there is someone else around. Oh good; that my statement?’
‘It certainly is. All printed off and ready for your signature. So, if you’d be good enough to read it. Check that the contents are a true reflection of what you told us. Then, if you’re happy, if you could just sign it for me. Once that’s over you’ll be free to go.’
‘Before Mr Berkshire reads it, Donald, hold back a moment. Mr Berkshire, you said you lived alone. Did I hear correctly, Sir?’
‘You did, I do. Why?’
‘A woman, mid to late twenties, is asking for you at the front desk. She said she’s your wife? Do you have a wife, Mr Berkshire, perhaps one that’s estranged or otherwise?’
‘She’s asking for me, is she? How touching. If you must know, Officers, the truth is that I did have a wife; once. A very beautiful and young wife. Yes it does seem ridiculous that such a woman would fall in love with a man like me. But it did happen. What, no comment from the gods? Now that’s a first,’ Beverley adds looking up.
‘Only doing what you told us to do, eh, Cutter?’
‘Sure, Johnny, we’re being good boys.’
‘Sir, is there something on the ceiling? Only you’re looking up.’
‘Nothing to worry about, Miss, sorry Officer. Now where do I sign?’
‘Before we get to your statement, Mr Berkshire, I need to satisfy myself with a minor detail.’
‘Go on, Officer?’
‘You said, earlier, something about a comment from the gods. What comment and from what gods? Sorry, Mr Berkshire, but you’ve lost me? Are you trying to say that Constable Jones and myself have acted like gods, treated you badly in some way?’
‘No. I’m claiming nothing of the sort. I’m happy to put on record that your treatment of me’s been exemplary. I wasn’t actually talking to either of you.’
‘You were talking about that earlier, Sir. You were saying that you talk to yourself. Was that an example of this unorthodox behaviour?’
‘Yes, Officer. That’s all it was. In fact when I’m at home I talk to myself all the time. And sometimes it’s a little difficult to remember not to do it when I’m in company. Forgive me. I know it’s a bad habit. One I really should try to break. But then again, it doesn’t harm anyone else and it does me the world of good. So why should I forgo something that gives me such innocent pleasure?’
‘Sir, if we could return to your statement? Then you can go and meet your wife.’
‘I don’t think it’ll be my wife. Not if she’s asking after me. You see she left me for another man. It’s a long story. But it’s in the past. So you’ve no need to be solicitous.’
‘There is an Officer Berkshire at this station. The Chief talks about her a lot. She’s highly thought of. Is she related to you?’
‘Berkshire isn’t that unusual a name. I really don’t know what my wife’s doing now.’
‘Our Officer Berkshire does a lot of -.’
‘Officer, as much as I’d like to sit here and chat to you about your Officer Berkshire,’ Beverley says rather abruptly. ‘I do have a lot of things I have to finish today. And I know you’re busy people. So if I could just sign my statement, I’ll be off and delay you no longer.’
‘Here, Mr Berkshire. Please read it and check it for any errors.’
‘What’s it say? “I Beverley Berkshire, etc, etc. I was visited by the ghosts of Johnny Bee, known as Jack and Benjamin Walker, known as Cutter. Who separately and jointly told me that a shop assistant called Graham the Gun had been paid to kill Benjamin. They described the shooting in detail and told me that after he’d done the killing” …’ Beverley stops reading to comment, ‘That’s not very grammatical, is it?’
‘It’s a verbatim report, Sir. It’s what you actually said at the time. We can change it only if it’s no longer factual. Is it, no longer factual, Sir?’
‘No, I mean yes it’s factual. If that’s what I said then that’s what I said. It goes on … “the assassin had to relieve himself afterwards. Jack then asked me to contact his girlfriend to tell her that he loved her. In my role, of professional Medium, I agreed. I was in the middle of that process, as evidenced by the arrival of Miss Sandra Bell the girlfriend of Johnny Bee at my home earlier today, when the officers asked me to come to the police station”. Yes, Officer, that’s all in order, where do I sign. Oh, yes, I can see. There. Where it says signature. Do I date it?’
‘If you would, Sir.’
‘There, done. Am I free to leave?’
‘You are, Sir. If we have any further questions we know where to find you.’
‘I’ll escort you to the front desk, Sir, if you’ll come this way?’
‘Do you know my ex-wife, Officer?’ Beverley asks as they walk to the front desk. 
‘We’re a large station, Sir, and we’re not in the same division. We don’t get many opportunities to socialise. But I gather she’s well thought of. Very much a specialist, isn’t she?’
‘She loved her work; there’s no getting away from that.’
‘It must have been difficult for you both?’
‘I gather that’s true of all relationships. How long have you been on the force?’
‘I have been with the Service, Sir, a little over two years, and I was a Special for a year before that. Here we are; back at the front desk. I’ll just open the door for you and let you out and then … Sir, if you’d just step through. Very good. Thank you for coming. Good day, Sir,’ she says closing the door behind him and turning away.
‘And that’s it? I’m left on my own with no offer of transport back home. Excuse me, Desk Officer?’ 
‘Sir?’
‘I’ve just been interviewed by that officer there. The one who’s just left. I got a lift here but I’ve no means of getting home. Are there any facilities?’
‘We don’t have public toilets, Sir. The nearest ones are in the High Street. You can’t miss them. It’s that big block just behind the Post Office.’
‘I didn’t mean that, Officer. I mean transport. A vehicle to take me home. I was told I was being met. But there isn’t anyone here. And it’s dark outside and if you can’t arrange for me to be driven home I’ll be forced to walk. I came here in such a hurry I didn’t bring any money with me.’ 
‘It’s a nice evening for a stroll, Sir. There’s no rain forecast, so you’ll be okay. Was there anything else, Sir, only I do have a queue starting?’
‘Thanks for -.’ Beverley is interrupted.
‘Coo eee. I’m parked outside can I give you a lift? Perhaps you’d like to come back to my place for a little supper?’
‘Sandra,’ Beverley stammers trying not to catch the eyes of Johnny. ‘What a nice surprise. Thank you, Officer, I’ll not be needing a lift after all. I would like that, Sandra, walking isn’t my idea of fun.’
‘Come on then. On the way you can tell me what happened.’
‘On the way where?’
‘Mum’s gone home. We had a row and she stormed off. I guess it was inevitable. She and I were always at logger heads. She accused me of not wanting her around. I don’t mind that as such, but she also accused me of all sorts of things that just weren’t true. Mothers!’
‘Loving relationships can be fraught with difficulties.’
‘Ouch! That sounded heartfelt,’ Sandra notes as they walk out of the building and towards her parked car.
‘It was, Sandra, it was. I’ve just been reminded of one of mine. And yes it was heartfelt. I don’t believe it? How can you park in the spot that’s reserved for the Chief Constable and not get towed away or at least wheel clamped? I guess good luck and beauty go together.’
‘That’s sweet of you to say so. Besides it’s My Johnny’s car. It’s got recognition value. If you get my meaning.’
‘And no one’s here before us. That’s a turn up for the books?’
‘Beverley, cut the ghost stuff it’s getting a little predictable.’
‘Predictable, Johnny, she thinks we’re predictable. I’ll show her.’
‘Cutter, don’t. Come on. Let’s go and see if we can find Charlie. It’s early so he may still be at home.’
‘You back on speaking terms with me, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, you didn’t give me a chance to explain anything back there. I asked, I admit, a difficult question. But it was one that need to be asked if only to clear the air. And then you fly off in a sulk and run to Bev. Cutter, you and me, we’ve got to stick together. You and me’s all we’ve got.’
‘So I flew off the handle. Is that what you’re saying, Johnny?’
‘I forgive you, Cutter. We all get a little hot under the collar at times. Don’t know about you, Cutter, it’s this situation’s … I, Cutter, it all seems so difficult. Come on, I just want to rest.’
‘Gosh, Johnny, you’re all at sixes and sevens. I’ve never seen you this disorganised.’
‘I feel as if I’ve been knocked sideways, Cutter. I guess I owe you an apology.’
‘Johnny! I don’t know what to say. Sure. Think nothing of it. It’s an emotional time for us both. It’s enough to stretch anyone nerves.’
‘Yes, but don’t milk it, Cutter. Come on let’s leave them and go and see what Charlie’s getting up to these days.’
‘Why you rather be seeing old Charlie then hang around with Sandies and Bev?’
‘Because I would.’ 
‘Johnny, you don’t think you’re losing the will to remain on this side. Do you, Johnny?’
‘I’m tired, Cutter. I want to find out who killed us and then rest. I want to go where I belong. If Sandra wants to have another man in her life; I say let her. I’m too tired, Cutter. I just want to solve this and then ...’
‘And then lie down and rot. Is that it, Johnny? End of the road. End of us. Is that how you want it to end, Johnny? Well is it?’
‘I just want it to end. Come off it, Cutter, do you want to remain like this forever? Well do you?’
‘I’d not mind. And at least I’ll know what to expect. Because, Johnny, once this’s over, Johnny, I don’t know what’ll happen to us. And to be honest, Johnny, I’m not sure I want to find out?’
‘So how come you’ve suddenly sprung a guilty conscious? What have you got to be scared about? Unless it’s for killing all those people?’
‘Johnny, should you joke about something you’ve just apologised for?’
‘I guess, Cutter, as a joke it wasn’t up to much, was it?’
‘No. Besides, I didn’t do it cross my heart and hope to … I guess that’s no use, Johnny.’
‘None at all. Cutter, I believe you when you say you couldn’t have killed Trish, Hip-O or Pot. Besides, you didn’t know about Pot. If you’d killed the others you’d have seen his body, wouldn’t you? There I go again sounding like you. Asking questions that I don’t really want the answer to. But that don’t mean you’re totally off the hook. I’m still not ready to trust no one.’
‘Even me, Johnny?’
‘I’m inclined to be more lenient towards you. But for the moment, even you.’
‘Then why the apology, Johnny?’
‘I guess I was a little heartless and hasty with you. But on the whole I’m still going to be playing my cards close to my chest. You’re welcome to come along and I’d be more than happy to have you with me. But, as this is unknown territory, we’ve each got to look out for ourselves.’
‘That’s kind of you, Johnny. I’d hate it if we fell out just as we got called to account for our impact on this world. Negative or otherwise, No, Johnny, that wouldn’t be right. To have been friends for so long, to have gone through all we’ve been through together, only to fall out now and not be speaking to each other when we was never to see each other ever again. That would be a shame. Wouldn’t it, Johnny?’
‘Why, if we never see each other again, it wouldn’t matter if we weren’t talking or not, would it? Come on; let’s try an find Charlie before it’s too late.’
‘Too late for what, Johnny? You’re full of references to being late and things terminal. What’s up? What you found out, Johnny?’
‘Nothing. Just a hunch that’s all.’
‘And, Johnny, is this hunch leading us to talk to Charlie?’
‘Charlie’s the last surviving member of CP.’
‘Johnny, that’s quite a title. He’s quite an old man, isn’t he, and yet he survived us all.’
‘Sixty pushing seventy. Somewhere around there.’
‘We’ll never get to be that old. Will we, Johnny?’
‘You know what; it’s the murder of Trish that gets me most. She was just a slip of a lass and so alive at my funeral.’
‘It’s a tough break for her. I know how I felt, when Graham killed me, and I’m so much older than her. Johnny, you think we’ll get to meet them?’ 
‘Them? Who’s them?’
‘Trish, Pot and Hip-O, the old gang. We all appear to be on this side of the grave. I was just saying, Johnny, I wonder if we’ll get to meet up? That’s all I was saying, Johnny. Nothing too taxing.’
‘You think there’s a big waiting room in the sky? Like on Kings Cross station where you get to meet old friends before you meet Saint Peter? Cutter, sometimes, you just kill me.’
‘It was just an idea, Johnny. I guess you don’t think much of it. Do you, Johnny?’ 
‘Wouldn’t that make our investigation a little pointless? Why would we go through all this if we could just go up to them and say, “Good to see you, Guys. By the way, who killed you”? Sure, Cutter.’
‘I guess you’ve a point, Johnny. Johnny, you think we’re not resting in our coffins because some power or other wants us to find out who’s been killing off members of CP? And that we have to –! Johnny, what if we find the killer before he gets to Charlie? Johnny, you think we’d get a reprieve if we save him? Well do you, Johnny?’
‘Why us, Cutter, why us? I don’t think I want to do this anymore.’
‘Johnny, if we don’t do it, Johnny, who will? Bev don’t know where to look, Johnny. Sandies can’t hear us. Who else is there to turn to, Johnny? Johnny, you think we’ve to find the truth before we’re allowed to have eternal rest? Is that the reason we’re earth-bound. Johnny, is it?’ 
‘There could be something in that, Cutter.’
‘So we have to track down the murderer to earn our eternal rest. Is that what you think, Johnny?’
‘I don’t think you get much rest in the pits of hell. And, I don’t know about you but, I’ve no illusions about where I’m going. I’m going all the way down. Express downavator nonstop.’
‘Downavator, Johnny?’
‘It’s like an elevator only it only goes one way. And in our case that’s down, down, down.’
‘Downavator. Sure thing, Johnny. Johnny, perhaps if we find the murderer we’ll be forgiven and get to go up with the angels. I’ve got used to flying around. I’m quite enjoying it now. What you say, Johnny?’
‘For us, dear friend, it would be more of a one way ticket to be with the flying pigs. Come on, Cutter. We can try the 69 Club. Charlie often hangs out around there when he’s not working.’
‘That’s a seedy strip-joint, Johnny. How’d you know about a place like that?’
‘I’m a man, Cutter, and I likes to look at girls just as much as the next man. I’ve been there a few times. And don’t look at me like that. I dare say you’ve frequented it; and more than once or twice?’
‘Sure I have, Johnny. But with you having Sandies at home I wouldn’t have thought you’d have had much time for window shopping. Is that what you was doing there, Johnny, window shopping?’
‘Cutter, stop this now. I’m a man and sometimes, well, Sandra wasn’t up to it. You know what I mean. So I’d have a little meaningless fun. Well you wouldn’t want me playing fast and loose on my home turf now, would you? That wouldn’t be fair on Sandra, wouldn’t it?’
‘Sure, Johnny, best not to do it with your own girls. Johnny, is that where you found Trish; the 69 Club?’
‘She did work there ‘til I got her a job with the band and then one or two other bands took her on. She had a good voice.’
‘Was Trish her real name, Johnny?’
‘How should I know?’
‘Trish is a funny stage name. Isn’t it, Johnny. Most of them girls call themselves Sexula, or Pertsex or Stripme or things like that. Trish, as a name, isn’t that exotic. Unless, Johnny, you were foreign. Then it could sound exotic. Couldn’t it, Johnny? When she first joined CP she had a mid-eastern European accent. Didn’t she, Johnny? She worked very hard to disguise it. But when she was angry it surfaced. Didn’t it, Johnny?’
‘And when she was hot she’d scream -.’
‘I wouldn’t know about that, Johnny.’
‘Okay, so she didn’t have a London accent like me. She could have come from anywhere. Perhaps she was Scottish.’
‘She didn’t sound Scottish, Johnny.’
‘I didn’t say she was Scottish. I merely used it as an example. All I said was she could have been. I’m no good with accents. Why you keep going on about it? I’ve said I don’t know and that’s what I mean. Cutter, I don’t know where she came from. Okay?’
‘Johnny, Johnny, what if … Okay you can look at me like that. I don’t care. You said we’d to solve this before we’re granted our eternal rest. Well, Johnny, how about this as a solution?’
‘Go on, I’m listening?’
‘What if Trish was smuggled in and sold in to prostitution. You then take her away and -.’
‘And I find her good honest work. She never looks back and I’m a good guy. That it, Cutter? So who killed her? To make a good murder story you need a murderer. I didn’t do it. I was already dead. You claim you didn’t -.’
‘I didn’t, Johnny, how can you think such a thing? Besides I was dead as well, Johnny. And there you go again. That’s an awful thing to accuse me of. That’s the second time now. Johnny, why you keep accusing me of things you know very well I couldn’t have done?’
‘I didn’t accuse you of anything. All I said was it wasn’t much of a murder story.’
‘No, Johnny, that’s because you didn’t let me finish. If she was a sex slave she’d have to pay the people who smuggled her in. Isn’t that right, Johnny?’
‘So they say.’
‘And then she’d have to pay her pimp as well. Isn’t that right, Johnny?’
‘Suppose so. So what’s your point?’
‘So when you took her away and got her doing low paid jobs, working the club circuit, she’d have got behind on her payments and those -.’
‘So you’re accusing me of causing her death by being kind?’
‘Sort of, Johnny. No! Not at all. But isn’t that how it works with these human trafficking gangs. The girls can’t afford to stop working. And I’ve also heard of them doing awful things to the families back home.’
‘Well thanks. That’s makes me feel real great. So what you saying?’
‘Look, Johnny? The police are still at the video shop? Johnny, why you going down? Johnny, you’re not going back inside, are you?’
‘No. I just want to be here. I feel that Graham may still here. Perhaps he’ll see us an come and -. But I guess that’s too much to hope for.’
‘Johnny, what if he did come and he wasn’t friendly?’
‘Johnny, Johnny, Johnny. I think I’m going to change my name. And not tell you what it is. If he wasn’t friendly then I’d deal with it. But he could tell us why he was paid to ice you.’
‘That’s good thinking, Johnny.’
‘See you’re just too suspicious. Besides, Cutter, did you hear Berkshire say he had a wife and she’s a copper?’
‘Yes, Johnny, but that could be anything. Watching kiddies, even.’
‘It could. But it isn’t. It’s something to do with this case, Cutter. Don’t ask me how I know it. But I just know it.’
‘Just like you knew to come to me the day I was killed. Like that, Johnny?’
‘Just like that, Cutter.’
‘Bev didn’t like it when they talked about her. Did he, Johnny? He kept cutting them off -.’
‘You’re right. Didn’t one of them start to say something about her being good? No, that wasn’t it.’
‘She said that she was well thought of, Johnny. Them’s the very words she used. “She’s well thought of” she said.’
‘And didn’t she add that she was a specialist.’
‘Does that help us, Johnny?’
‘No. How can we find out?’
‘Over there, Johnny. She’s mid to late twenties. Even under that scene of crime jump-suit she looks as if she’s -. Yes, look at the eyelashes and brows, she’s a natural blonde. You think we’ve found Mrs Berkshire, Johnny?’
‘She’s a stunner if we have. What she sees in Berkshire?’
‘More like why he let her go, Johnny?’
‘He didn’t let her go. She wanted out.’
‘Ran off with someone else, didn’t she? Isn’t that what Bev said, Johnny?’
‘Why doesn’t someone call her by name? Cutter, go see if she’s got a tag on her?’
‘Glad to get that close, Johnny? Nothing. Let’s try -.’  Helpfully Cutter glides through her white cover-all.
‘Cutter, get out of her clothing. Cutter, what you doing?’
‘I was looking to see if she’s got her name stitched into her knickers?’
‘What!’
‘All the girls at school did. So I thought she may as well.’
‘Cutter, that’s sick. What woman of her age would have her name in her knickers? Cutter, you kill me, you really do. Cutter, so…? Did she?’
‘Did she what, Johnny?’
‘You know. You just want me to say it.’
‘No, Johnny, I don’t know what you mean.’
‘Okay, you win. Did she have her name stitched in her knickers?’
‘No, Johnny, but it was worth a look. She’s blonde down there as well.’
‘Cutter.’
‘Johnny, it’s not that farfetched. If her clothing’s washed at work she’d have to have them identifiable. Just so she gets her own stuff back. And doing this type of work she’d have all her clothes cleaned. You see, Johnny, I did think it through. I did, Johnny, I really did. I didn’t just dive in there for a quick look. You believe me. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘In a strange way, I do. I guess you have a point. If she’d been a man would you have done the same thing, Cutter?’
‘Perhaps, if I’d thought it would help. But, Johnny, perhaps I’d not have been as quick to do it. Or as slow in doing it. Johnny, where you going?’
‘We need to find Charlie. You coming?’
‘Yes, you think you’ve seen everything there is to see here, Johnny?’ 
‘I don’t know, Cutter. But I have this urge to see Charlie.’
‘Come on then, Johnny, your urges normally mean someone’s in trouble.’


Chapter 15

‘Johnny, it’s changed since I was last in here. Don’t you think so, Johnny?’ 
Johnny and Cutter glide into the 69 Club and barely notice the pole dancing and other activities of the scantily clad young lovelies who are working that afternoon.
‘Was it like this the last time you was here, Johnny?’
‘You didn’t join that famous, or was it infamous, queue then, Cutter?’
‘No I didn’t. But I read about it in the paper, Johnny. Did you read about it, Johnny? Or was you there, Johnny, at the head of the queue? The first punter, in the new club, an all that. Was that you, Johnny? Well, was it?’
‘Me in a queue? Even at the head? You’ve got to be kidding haven’t you, Cutter? Surely you know me better than that? They claimed, once the lap dancing started, the queues got longer and longer. Did you come, Cutter?’
‘No.’
‘Not even to the opening night? I heard that everything was half price. I’d have thought that that’d be right up your street?’
‘I like value for money. But no. It wasn’t for me. I think I must have been someplace else.’
‘Somewhere else? I find that hard to believe. Where could you have been that was more attractive than a half-price knocking shop? Even one by another name, eh, Cutter?’
‘Perhaps I was working. That’s it, Johnny, I was working or something.’
‘Working here?’
‘No. Someplace else, I forget where, Johnny. I guess it’s no longer important to remember details like that. Don’t you think so, Johnny?’
‘Nice to have had that many engagements that you can forget when and where they were. Whereas me, I can actually remember all my gigs -. Okay don’t look at me like that. I guess for some of them I may have been too rat-arsed to remember the detail. Mind you if I wasn’t paid then I think I’ve got every right to forget them.’
‘You ever play here, Johnny?’
‘No. I guess Charlie liked to keep this place for a select few.’
‘Funny we never met anyone who’s played here. I guess you’re right, Johnny. It would have been a plum job to land. Wouldn’t it, Johnny, eh?’
‘It would have saved the queuing and the expense of getting in. That’s for sure.’
‘They say that for the first night the queue went right round the place and halfway down the next street. I didn’t bother coming. Did you, Johnny?’
‘Queue with the plebs, no way.’
‘I guess I never had your contacts, Johnny. If I’d come, Johnny, I’d have had to wait in line with the rest of the dirty Macintosh brigade. If I’m honest, Johnny, I thought, when I saw the queue, it was too long to wait. Honestly, Johnny, it’d take all night just to get to the door. Besides, Johnny, who wants to see scantily clad girls who’re closer to puberty than womanhood?’
‘Cutter turning down the opportunity to look at scantily clad women? Now I know I’m dead.’
‘No, Johnny, that’s unfair. I likes to look at women. Everyone knows that. You know that I like to look at them. Perhaps I like to look at them more than other men. I don’t know. All I know is that I like a look and I know that other men do as well. In fact you do as well. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘I have it at home -.’
‘Oh, Johnny, why you trying to change the subject?’
‘We were talking about you and your inability to avoid voyeuristic sex. Not me. So why should I want to change the subject?’
‘Johnny, I like to look just as much as the next man. But I mean I like to look at real women. You know my type, they have curves, hips, breasts. I actually like a well-rounded belly on a woman. Just look at her. That kid on the far pole. Straight up and down. I bet, Johnny, out in the street she’ll be using the training bra her mother brought her for under her gymslip.’
‘Cutter, now that’s a notion I could get off on.’
‘No, Johnny, no! How can you want that when you have your Sandies?’
‘I was thinking of my Sandra in a gymslip -! No, Cutter, don’t even try to picture it. It’s way out of your league.’
‘I guess you’re right there, Johnny. You normally are. Aren’t you, Johnny? You know what, Johnny? A funny thought’s just struck me. I guess you have to laugh. Don’t you, Johnny? It’s a funny thing, Johnny, isn’t it? How we both had to be dead before we came here? That’s funny. Isn’t it, Johnny? Johnny, I didn’t come here when I was alive, did you?’
‘Might have. Might have not.’
‘I used to come here when it was a pub. That’s when I came, Johnny. How about you? It’s changed so much since then that I really don’t recognise the place. Johnny, don’t you think the music’s over miked? It’s all discordant and, Johnny, that’s really not like Charlie at all. Is it, Johnny?’
‘No, it’s awful, but who’s listening?’
‘Charlie always said, didn’t he, Johnny, didn’t he always say that "it didn’t matter if no one was listening because God would always be listening and that should be all that mattered to a half-way decent professional musician". You remember him saying that at the start of each and every gig, Johnny?’
‘I did, ‘specially when you and I had had too much of the sauce. He’d never stop saying it. He’d say it before the gig, during the gig and at each break. In fact he’d stage whisper it to us during the silent bits and all the bloody time. In fact I thought it was his way of saying that we was playing badly. Without using the actual words. As I remember it he often said it directly to us. Cutter, take that look off your face, there were times when even you was bloody rubbish. There’s no point in trying to deny it, is there?’
‘I did have a couple of off sessions, Johnny. I will admit that. But -.’
‘But nothing, Cutter. And as for a couple of sessions sometimes, and I mean this as a friend, sometimes you was -.’
‘And you know something else, Johnny, it’s not even live. Johnny, why would Charlie allow a place he’s involved with have canned music?’
‘I guess he’s not as important as he liked to make out he is.’
‘But, Johnny, the way he acted. You’d have thought he’d have had more respect for his profession. Wouldn’t you, Johnny?’
‘There’s no use you getting all purist, Cutter? Or has it slipped your tiny mind that the punters don’t come here for the music?’
‘I guess you’re right, Johnny. It’s a pity because Charlie was always so eager to promote live music. He always made sure that the boys in the band got regular work.’
‘You might have. But not all of us were so in favour.’
‘Johnny, you don’t hold that against him. Do you? He was always fair with work. And he ran that “Keep Music Live Campaign”. No, Johnny, it’s just not right for Charlie to be opting for canned music. Is it, Johnny?’
‘Money’s money. If the paymaster don’t want to pay, for a group of guys to make music, then Charlie’s not mug enough to walk away from a job. Is he? But, if that’s so, it’d explain why he never asked any of us to play here.’
‘Johnny, you think it’s only canned during the day? Is that it, Johnny? At night he’d have a full band. Perhaps Charlie would see that as a reasonable compromise.’
‘I guess that could explain it.’
‘Look, Johnny, there aren’t enough punters in here to form a decent band. I guess it’s just economics. That it, Johnny? Have I guessed right, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, I’m surprised. All this exposed flesh and you just go on and on about economics. Are you really not even going to go in for a closer look?’ 
‘Oh, Johnny, what you take me for? That’s not sexy. Real women are sexy. That’s -. That does nothing for me, Johnny. Look at her. Just a skinny kid.’
‘Nothing there for a man to get hold of, that it, Cutter?’
‘That and she doesn’t have any musical ability. She’s all over the place. She’s just gyrating round a pole with next to nothing on.’
‘That’s what the punters pay for. As that’s what she’s doing I guess she pleases the owners as well.’
‘But, Johnny, there’s no artistry in that. None at all, Johnny. All that’s on show is how little the girls can wear and still be classed as being dressed. No, Johnny, this isn’t for me. It’s just not sexy.’
‘She’s a sexy chick.’
‘She’s got a pretty face, Johnny. But, Johnny, why does she need to look as if she’s been tortured?’
‘Because she probably is, Cutter.’
‘I don’t like this place, Johnny. I don’t like it at all. This pole dancing’s not right. Not right at all. What you say to us leaving, Johnny?’
‘You watched Sandra pole dance. Are you saying my Sandra’s not sexy?’
‘No, Johnny, no! You making fun of me, Johnny? You know I think your Sandies is sex on legs. She has something, something very special that these girls lack. Besides, your Sandies is a real woman.’
‘She was, wasn’t she, Cutter?’
‘You miss her, don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Stupid question, Cutter.’
‘Sorry, Johnny, I guess I didn’t think. It’s all down to me not having anyone to leave behind. I guess that’s what it is. What you say, Johnny?’
‘It’s so hard, Cutter, that what gets to me. It’s so bloody hard. I can see her, hear her and yet I can’t touch or form any part of her world. You know what the worst is?’
‘No, Johnny?’
‘It’s having her look straight through me as if I wasn’t there. And the really hard part is that for her I’m not. And I never will be again. Will I, Cutter?’
‘No, Johnny. We aren’t a part of anyone’s life. Well, we’re a part of Bev’s. But he don’t count, does he, Johnny?’
‘He does count, Cutter. It’s you and me who don’t count.’
‘Come on, Johnny, I think the low lighting and loud music are affecting you. What you say to us leaving here right now and never coming back?’
‘Only after we’ve found Charlie. Can you see him?’
‘He’s not by the stage, where I’d expect him to be.’
‘Close to the girls, eh, Cutter?’
‘No, Johnny, I was thinking of him wanting to be close to the music. But I guess, as there’s no live band, then he’d not be there. Johnny, you remembered when we did that strip joint up the West End? Remember the best bit was when we played the chorus to a “Heart of Glass”.’
‘What’s that got to do with anything, Cutter?’
‘Don’t you remember, Johnny? That’s when the girls used to turn their backs on the audience. They removed their bras while facing us. Johnny, you must remember we always got an eye full then. Don’t you remember, Johnny? You must remember? You always said that was the best bit of the show. Remember, Johnny?’
‘I did, did I?’
‘Yes, Johnny, and when anyone new joined us, if you liked them, you told them to learn that bit by heart and keep their eyes glued on the girls. Remember doing that, Johnny?’
‘That sounds as if it could have been me.’
‘Then you’ll remember as well, Johnny, what you did if you didn’t like the new player. Then, just before the chorus, you’d draw their attention to something else, their shoes, or the stage door. Anything, it didn’t matter as long as you managed to make sure they were looking the other way when the girls turned round. You remember, Johnny, how they would always miss it? We all laughed. You remember that, Johnny? That was always a laugh that was. We’d watch them turn back and somehow they knew they’d missed something. But as the girls were back facing the audience, and we was concentrating on the music, they never knew what it was. Oh, happy days, eh, Johnny?’
‘It just proves the old saying that you should always attend the show before you sign on for the band.’
‘It was a laugh, wasn’t it, Johnny?’ 
‘That was all before my Sandra.’
‘Sure thing, Johnny. Before Sandies.’
‘Come on, Cutter, you’re not looking very hard, are you?’
‘Looking for what, Johnny?’
‘Not for a what, Cutter, for who. Remember? If you can take your dead eyes off the girls, remember we’re here to find Charlie.’
‘That’s unfair, Johnny, I’ve not been looking at them like …’
‘Like what, Cutter?’
‘Well, Johnny, you’ve not looked at me once since we got in here.’
‘That’s a lie. I told you on several occasions that you could take smug grins off your face. I couldn’t have done that if I’d not been looking at you, could I now?’
‘Not while I was listening, you didn’t, Johnny.’
‘Then you should listen to me more often.’
‘Sure, Johnny. See, you’re doing it now. You’re not looking at me. You’re watching every move that that dark haired girl’s making. Johnny, do you know her?’
‘She does look a little like Trish, don’t you think?’
‘Trish had red hair, Johnny.’
‘Why do you always take appearance as fact? I know, for a fact, she had dark brown hair that she dyed red. Well, on her head she did.’
‘Johnny how you know tha-. No. I know how you know. I don’t need no drawing or nothing. Johnny, let’s go?’
‘Aren’t you forgetting something?’
‘Like what, Johnny?’
‘Like the reason we came here in the first place, Cutter?’
‘Oh to find Charlie; for a moment I’d forgotten. Look, Johnny, he’s not over by the bar, by the stage and that only leaves the gents. Johnny, there isn’t any point looking in there before we leave. Is there, Johnny?’
‘That’s a good idea, come on.’
‘No, Johnny. Besides, we’ve been here long enough for him to go for a wiz and come out again. We don’t have to look there. Do we, Johnny?’
‘If I was asking you to look in the ladies I bet I’d get a different response, wouldn’t I, Cutter?’
‘I don’t know, Johnny? At first it was fun. But it don’t seem to be so much fun any longer. Know what I mean, Johnny?’
‘Sure.’
‘Johnny, it doesn’t look like he’s here. Does it, Johnny?’
‘He’s here, Cutter. I know he’s here. I guess he’s in one of the private rooms. Let’s take a look.’
‘Johnny, you think Charlie would pay to see a private show?’
‘Don’ know. Come on, they’re over this way.’
‘And you know this for a fact, Johnny, how?’
‘Naturally. Don’t look at me like that. It’s obvious they’d be in full view of the main desk. And besides, a row of unnamed small rooms all off a single corridor can only mean one thing; private dancing.’
‘I guess that way they can make sure that who goes in has paid for the service. Look six rooms all with their doors closed.’
‘Let’s try this one.’ Johnny suggests as they glide into the first room.
‘Johnny, either he’s got a strange taste in invisible women. Or the room’s empty.’
‘We can go to the next room through the wall –! Well this is more like it.’
‘Do you know who he is, Johnny?’
‘Never seen him before in all my life … or death days.’
‘Neither have I, Johnny. Only I do know it isn’t Charlie.’
‘You recognise the girl?’
‘No. I reckon she’s not from around these parts, Johnny.’
‘Well spotted that man. Actually, to my trained eye, she looks oriental.’
‘You think she’s been smuggled in from China. Do you Johnny? Johnny, is this an outlet for a sex trade smuggling ring? Is that what you think, Johnny? Well is it, Johnny?’
‘I’m not jumping to any conclusions at the moment, Cutter. I suggest you don’t either.’
‘It’s a grim life, for the girls, isn’t it Johnny. But I bet it’s better than cockle picking up north. What you think, Johnny?’
‘I think I’d go with the cockle picking any day. Don’t look surprised. You’re out in the fresh air, at one with nature and okay so it’s hard back breaking work. But just look at that! Look at how far she bending over backwards. If that doesn’t break her back then stooping over forwards, for a few cockles, shouldn’t harm her.’
‘You don’t get drowned working here. Do you Johnny?’
‘There you have me, Cutter. You’re right. You don’t get drowned working here. You just get your throat slit. Or had you forgotten Trish already?’
‘No, I hadn’t forgotten, Johnny. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean nothing by it. Johnny? Johnny, where are you?’ Cutter looks around and cannot see Johnny. He then has an idea, ‘Perhaps you’ve gone to try another booth?’ he glides into the next booth, ‘Oh, there you are.’
‘He’s not in here either. Let’s try the other row.’ 
And the two ghosts glide through the remaining three booths.
‘Empty this one. They’re not doing good business. Are they, Johnny?’
‘This one’s empty as well. So he must be in here -.’
‘Except this one’s empty as well, Johnny. Johnny, are you sure he’s here?’
‘More so than ever. He’s here, Cutter, and we have to find him.’
‘Why you so sure, Johnny?’
‘I just am. Take it from me. I know what I know and that means danger.’
‘Danger in a lap dancing club. Why you so certain, Johnny?’
‘The same way I knew you was in trouble the night you got killed.’
‘And a lot of good it did me, Johnny?
‘What?’
‘I still got killed. Didn’t I, Johnny?’
‘Okay, but we’ve a few more tricks up our sleeves this time. I know he’s in trouble, Cutter, so we’ve got to try and help him. So, where could he be?’
‘If he’s in trouble, with the club, then he wouldn’t be in the public areas. Would he, Johnny?’
‘You’re right. Let’s try the office. We passed it on the way here. I didn’t think to look. I guess I should have. I’m slipping.’
‘You’ve a lot on your mind, Johnny. Don’t be too hard on yourself. You’re doing a good job. You know that don’t you, Johnny? You do know you’re doing a good job, Johnny? Well I know it, Johnny.’
‘Shit,’ Johnny says as they glide through the wall to the office and come to a complete stop.
‘Johnny, is that Charlie under all that blood?’
‘Yes and he’s coming round.’
‘So, Charles, my boy. You think you can double cross me do you?’ An unseen voice in the far corner of the room asks.
‘Johnny, I know that voice. But I can’t make him out. His face’s covered in shadow from the lamp.’
‘I know him as well, Cutter, it’s our old woolly friend.’
‘Woolly friend? Johnny, who’s our woolly friend?’
‘Mr Lamb.’
‘The Mr Lamb who bought the B-G off you?’
‘The same. And I guess I know his game.’
‘And that is, Johnny?’
‘He’s making so much money on this club that he needs mine to cover the costs. If you gets my meaning.’
‘No, Johnny, I don’t.’
‘He claims to run two clubs. One club has overheads and makes a profit, this one. Whereas the other club has overheads and makes a loss, mine. He uses the losses from my club to reduce the tax that he pays on the profits made by this one. Clever man.’
‘Is that what you did, Johnny?’
‘I only ever ran the one club.’
‘But, Johnny, wouldn’t the tax man know that the other club wasn’t open.’
‘You said yourself it looks as if it could open after a quick dusting. I guess that’s what it’s ready for; dusting off if needed. Besides, like all tax dodges it’s a calculated risk. While it’s empty he can off-set his losses and profit. He’s not as innocent as I thought. And you know what, Cutter? He doesn’t look too pleased with our Charlie, does he?’
‘Johnny, can we do anything, anything at all to help. Johnny, don’t look at me like that. I mean to help Charlie! That’s what I’m saying, Johnny. Can we do anything to help Charlie? You believe me, don’t you, Johnny?’
‘You stitched us up, Charles,’ Mr Lamb continues. ‘And I don’t take too kindly to being fed crap information. So, Charles, what’s it to be for you?’
‘That depends on the choices?’ Charles replies, his voice broken and horse.
‘A swim in the river? Tony here’s made you a nice new pair of swimming shoes. Best concrete he could nick from the new by pass. Wasn’t it, Tony? He said they’d fit you real nice. Want to try them on, Charles, then go for a swim? Because that’s option number one. So, Charles, how do you like option number one?’
‘I’ve had better, Larry,’ he adds as several of his teeth fall out.
‘Look at the mess you’re making. Charles, don’t try to talk. Opening your mouth only lets even more of your teeth fall out. And you’re getting short of spares. A simple nod’ll suffice. Not a nod then? Okay, Boys, he doesn’t want to go swimming. Then, Charles, if you don’t like that option here’s number two for you. The next option, Charles, and even if I say it myself I think you’ll like this one. How about a trip to the B-G Club? You remember the old place? Wouldn’t you like that? You know how you like to reminisce about the good old days? So we could take you back to where it all began and you can reminisce to your heart’s content with a few of your old mates. Now, Charles, what do you say about that option?’
‘No,’ Charlie almost squeals, ‘please, not there.’
‘What’s up, Charles? You no longer like being at the B-G? But you used to spend all your time there; with all those old pals of yours. And do you know what, Charles, there’re still quite a few of your old friends hanging around the place. In fact you’d be surprised at how many of them we have up there now. Quite a little collection; wouldn’t you say so, Boys? Yes, Charles, there’s quite a collection. Now the question is how’d you like to have one last rendezvous with them; for old time sake?’
‘No, please, don’t let them do anything to me. I’ll get you your money. I promise. I know where Johnny Bee hid his share. And I’ve still got mine. You can have it. You can have it all. Please, please -.’ He is silenced by Lamb striking him.
‘What you hit him for, Boss?’
‘He needs to rest. I hate it when they get all sentimental. That girl; she was the only one with any balls. She didn’t cry or beg for mercy. Spat in your eye. Didn’t she, Tony? Is that why you were so brutal with her? Leave him. The air stinks and that chair’ll need throwing out when we’re finished. Let’s get out. I’ve been cooped up in here with him for long enough. I need some fresh air, a fag and then a look at what’s going on in the bar sounds just what the doctor ordered. Besides he’s not going anywhere, is he?’
‘Johnny, I’m glad they’ve gone. But, Johnny, what you mixed up in?’
‘I’ve nothing to do with this, Cutter.’
‘And you accused me when all along you knew it was you to blame.’
‘Cutter, I keep telling you I’ve nothing to do with this.’
‘Then what share was Charlie talking about?’
‘I don’t know, Cutter. Charlie never gave me nothing. But I’ll admit it don’t look good for him.’
‘What can we do, Johnny?’
‘You stay here. I’ll fetch Berkshire.’
‘No, Johnny! Don’t leave me alone. Not here. Can I come as well?’
‘You’re wasting time.’
‘Then put a lick-a-de-spit on, Johnny, I’m right behind you.’


Chapter 16

‘Johnny why you turning back?’
‘This is pointless, Cutter. We could spend all the time we’ve got looking for Berkshire and still not find him. We’d then be unable to help Charlie. Come on let’s go back. Before we leave him, to the tender mercies of Lamb and his boys, I want to make sure we’ve done everything humanly possible for him’
‘It’s a bit late for that. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘I don’t know, come on, it’s through here.’
‘Johnny, you don’t half move lick-a-de-spit when you’ve a mission in mind. It used to be you’d always be first to the bar. Now you’re first in the Knight in Shining Y-fronts queue.’
‘Look, Cutter, he’s still here.’
‘Johnny, you expect he’d have got up and walked away? We’d only just left when you turned around.’
‘I know, but even still, he’s still with us.’
‘He don’t look good. Does he, Johnny?’
‘He’s got to pull round, Cutter, he can’t die on me. Not another one. Try slapping him?’
‘Okay but, if he comes to, you’ve to explain to him that it was you who told me to do it. Is that okay with you, Johnny?’
‘Sure thing, Cutter. I promise that if Charlie comes round, I’ll tell him that you was hitting him to bring him round because I told you to. Cutter, just get on with it.’
‘No, Johnny, I want you to make sure he knows.’
‘Cutter, what’s the big deal?’
‘Johnny, I just wants to make sure he knows that it wasn’t me who mushed him up like this. You understand that, Johnny, don’t you?’
‘Okay.’
‘You’ll do that for me. Won’t you, Johnny?’
‘Sure. Are you going to try to revive him or are you just going to stand there arguing with me? Not like that, Cutter, try harder, put some force behind it. Harder, Man. I said slap him. Not tickle him back to the land of the living.’
‘Johnny, I don’t seem to be able to make contact. Why don’t you try, Johnny? After all you’ve been dead longer than me, Johnny. And if skills come with time, you’ll be the first to get them. Won’t you, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, keep trying. Go on, try hitting him again. And this time make it count. Full fist, scrunched and power it to the jaw. That’s the spirit. Okay, perhaps that time there was a little too much spirit and not enough contact.’
‘Johnny, this is hopeless. Nothing’s reacting, Johnny, not even a hair on his head moves. Shall I try something else? How about if we both blow on him?’
‘I’m trying to wake not arouse him. Cutter, think of something.’
‘Johnny, I’m not much good at this?’
‘You’re telling me. Cutter, just try something, damn you.’
‘Johnny, why your eyes all bulging and why you got that look on your face?’
‘Cutter, try again. Try harder. If not for Charlie, then please, try for me.’
‘Johnny, why’s he so important? Was you like this with me?’
‘Why so many questions?’
‘I don’t know, Johnny. I guess I’ve always had an enquiring mind.’
‘Then put it to use and work out what we can do for him.’
‘Johnny, perhaps you can clear this up for me? I’ve been wondering why you’re so cut-up about old Charlie here?’
‘He’s a mate, and I must admit you appear to be taking the brutal murder of a mate very calmly.’
‘Brutal murder of a mate, Johnny? Wasn’t I brutally murdered, Johnny? Aren’t I a mate who’s been brutally murdered, Johnny?’
‘Can we stop talking about you? In fact can we stop talking and do something to help Charlie?’
‘You really are taking this badly. Aren’t you, Johnny? You didn’t seem this cut-up when we found the rest of the band back at the deserted B-G Club. Johnny, so why now. What’s up?’
‘Isn’t it obvious?’
‘No, Johnny, not to me it isn’t. Why you so eager to save him, Johnny? What’s in it for you?’
‘The others were dead when we found them.’
‘I wasn’t, Johnny. I was alive when you first arrived. According to you.’
‘Thanks, Cutter. Rub it in why don’t you. Okay, so I couldn’t save you or the others. Maybe that’s why saving Charlie’s so important to me. Why have I been kept in this suspended animation if I can’t change events as they unfold before my sightless dead and useless eyes?’
‘But you can see, Johnny, can’t you?’
‘Okay, so I can see. It’s the rest of me that’s useless. Cutter, I have to have some success. Was that a sound? Did you hear it as well?’
‘Johnny, perhaps what we’re supposed to do is contact Bev? Let’s go and get him, please?’
‘Do we know where to look for him? Well do you?’
‘His place, or Sandies, or …’
‘Yes, okay, he may be at either of the two named location. Or he may not. And what if we don’t find him and lose the opportunity to help Charlie, then how would you feel? I know how I’d feel. Come on, help me.’
‘But, Johnny, Bev would be able to -.’
‘Able to do what? Call the police? He refused to do that when you were killed, didn’t he? And you and I were stood in his living room. If he won’t help when he can see and talk to us what makes you think he’d be willing to help Charlie. A man he’s never met? Either side of the grave.’
‘Because Charlie’s not dead and the police arriving may help save his life. Come on, Johnny, let’s leave. Besides Charlie looks an awful mess.’
‘You go if you want. I’m staying. My place is here with him. But you? You go. Go on, run rabbit run rabbit run, run, run. I’m hanging right here. Staying put with Charlie. End of. And … And I don’t know what it is I’ll do but I’ll try everything I can think of.’
‘You mean when the murderers come back you’ll make wave sounds? It’s an idea, Johnny. It’ll keep them running to the loo, Johnny. So they won’t be able to hurt him no more? Is that your plan, Johnny? You want me to find Bev while you keep them occupied peeing? That the "Master Plan", Johnny?’
‘I wouldn’t mind if you did decide to stay,’ Johnny almost asks.
‘You told me to run off a while ago. You changed your mind, Johnny?’
‘I guess I don’t want to be alone.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. You’re taking this real bad. ‘Course I’ll stay.’
‘I think we may both be needed here.’
‘Okay, I can wait. And at least they can’t be hitting him if he’s here and they’re all in the john.’
‘Well you got a better idea?’
‘No.’
‘Then don’t criticise what you can’t improve on.’
‘Johnny, I wasn’t criticising -.’
‘It sounded like you were to me.’
‘No, Johnny. Only I feel so helpless just stood here watching and waiting for … And I don’t even know what it is that I’m waiting for. Johnny, what you say to me slipping back to the bar. I could eavesdrop. They may be talking about what they’re going to do next?’
‘You stay here. I’ll go. Try and wake him up, will you?’
‘Johnny don’t -. Johnny, come back? Johnny, why you leave me alone here? Johnny, I don’t like it. And I can’t do nothing with him. Look my hand goes straight through his -. Shit, Johnny, it didn’t! Johnny, that time it didn’t go straight through him. Johnny, I made contact and you’re not even here to see it. Johnny, it’s like when your kid takes its first step. It’s a big moment, Johnny, and I was all alone when it happened. I feel like I want to cry. Johnny, I touched him. I touched him, Johnny. Oh no, I think I’ve hurt him, he’s groaning and making faces. Johnny, he’s now throwing up all over the place. And he’s actually spitting teeth out as if he’s expecting to grow new ones any day now. Johnny, -.’
‘Can’t I trust you to do one little thing?’ Johnny asks returning.
‘Johnny, I hit him. I made contact with the side of his face. Look, he’s coming round.’
‘Please don’t hit me again,’ Charlie begs.
‘Was that Charlie talking, Cutter?’
‘Yes, could you make out what he said, Johnny?’
‘Vaguely, but it sounded gibberish. I’m not so sure he was conscious long enough to make any real sense. Can you make contact with other objects?’
‘Johnny, look, my hand’s resting on this desk. And I can… Okay, I need to concentrate a little harder, look, almost … Johnny, look, I moved that pen.’
‘Are you sure it wasn’t just a gust of wind that blew it along for that full centimetre?’
‘I am. Johnny, why you always trying to do down my achievements? I made it move. I really did, Johnny. You saw it as well as I did. Didn’t you?’
‘You want to know what I found out in the bar?’
‘Yes, Johnny, I’m sure that that’s much more important than me being able to move a pen.’
‘Larry’s gone to a meeting in town. Two of his goons are going out to the B-G and get this. This is the good bit. They’ve gone to pick up other suspects. Talk is there’s an undercover cop about to be fingered.’
‘Why’s that good, Johnny?’
‘Don’t you see, Cutter, it means that it’s not only restricted to members of the band. So it sounds as if it’s big. Real big.’
‘Have you thought anymore about the money that Charlie knew you had?’
‘He was making it up. No one knows about that but me. And I’m not telling no one but my Sandra.’
‘Johnny, he’s groaning again. Look his eyes are trying to open.’
‘Mother, is that you?’ Charlie asks.
‘Is he talking to you, Johnny?’
‘How could he mistake me for his mum? It could be you. She was a little barrel of a woman.’
‘Johnny, I’m -.’
‘Shut up, he’s burbling.’
‘Mum, you’re looking well. Do they look after you here? Mum, why you say that to me? You can be so unkind, Mother. That hurt. I paid for that nursing home for you for years. And did you ever hear me complain about the costs? No you didn’t, Mother, because I never once complained about it. Not once. What’s that, Mother? May didn’t like the idea of you being in a home? I know that, Mother. And you know why, don’t you? It was because my loving sister didn’t want to put her hand in her own pocket. Or offer to look after you, did she Mother? Mother, what you hit me for? I was only saying -. Mother, please don’t interrupt me. Mother, don’t leave me? I don’t want to die alone. Mother, I am dying, aren’t I? I knew as much. Please, Mother, wait for me. I don’t want to go alone. What? I’m not? Mother, I know you’ve not always been proud of me. But, Mother, I always loved you and I always wanted you to be proud of me. Mother, I hope they play Doctor Jazz at my funeral.’
‘Cutter, come over here?’ Johnny whispers gently leading Cutter to the far side of the room.
‘Johnny, what you -.’
‘Shut up and listen and keep your voice down. If he thinks you’re his mother then why not try a nice “mother type pitched voice” and see if you can engage him in conversation?’
‘Why don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Because you’re the mimic. And besides he was looking in your direction. Cutter, you said you’d do anything to help. Well now’s your chance.’
‘I’d feel such a fool.’
‘And would that be such a novel experience for you?’
‘No, but that’s normally when I’m plastered and I’ve not touched a drop for ages. In fact I think I may have forgotten what it tastes like.’
‘Cutter, cut the crap. Look you’d be helping an old mate. Ask him if he knows who did this to him.’
‘Charlie -.’ Cutter starts talking as he glides over to Charlie. Much to Johnny’s annoyance he is, unimaginatively, using his every day voice.
‘Cutter,’ Johnny hisses, ‘at least try to sound like his old ma? Raise the pitch, drop the tone. He’s supposed to be your son not your band leader.’
‘Oh, Charles, my baby, how come you end up like this in this seedy place?’ Cutter starts using his best “mother” type tones.
‘Cutter, that’s a little better, but not much. Try to sound more womanly,’ Johnny advises.
‘Mother, is that you?’ Charlie asks his eyes screwed closed. ‘You came back. Mother, I’m sorry, so very, very sorry. Can you forgive me, Mother?’
‘Yes, Son …’ 
‘That’s good, Cutter, real good,’ Johnny encourages.
‘Is there something you want to tell me, Son?’
‘No, Mother, should there be?’
‘Son, you’ll have to face the Great Council in the sky -.’ Cutter is interrupted.
‘Great Council in the sky, Cutter! What the hell’re you thinking of? Couldn’t you come up with something more original?’
‘Johnny, if you want to show me how to do it better then, by all means, do it yourself?’
‘No. Sorry, Cutter. Keep up the good work. He can hear you at least.’
‘Son,’ Cutter returns to his morbid role-play, ‘you’ll be judged. As I’ve already been through the process, if you tell me your worst deeds, I can help you decide how to confess.’
‘Mum, you always was so good to me. ‘specially since dad left us and there was just the two of us.’
‘I know, Son. We had each other, you and me.’
‘You were a good mother, Mum.’
‘And you was a good son to me, Son.’
‘Mum, you bring tears to my eyes. I wish my hands were free to dry them.’
‘Son, tears shed for a mother shouldn’t be wiped away like so much chip fat.’
‘Mother, forgive me. I’ve been involved with some awful people. They’ve killed -.’
‘Son, don’t tell me you’re mixed up with murderers?’
‘I didn’t kill anyone, Mother. I just let it happen and then covered it up when it had.’
‘Oh, Son, sin by omission’s as bad as sin by commission.’
‘Is it, Mother? I guess I’ll be going down stairs. Where are you, Mother? I guess you’re in heaven with the harp players. Am I right, Mother?’
‘Son, I cannot answer that.’
‘I know you are; up with the harpists and I’ll be down with the dross drummers.’
‘That’s it, Cutter, we’re getting out of here right now,’ Johnny snaps.
‘No, Johnny, he don’t mean nothing personal. It’s just his little joke. He always joked about drummers, you remember. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Well it’s not a joke to me.’
‘Johnny, let me try something with Charlie before we leave. Then if it doesn’t work we’ll leave together. That okay, Johnny? Can I try?’
‘What?’ Johnny asks sceptically.
‘Son, why you always making fun of your fellow professionals? Did you want to play drums when you was little? Is that it, Son? When your dad and I bought you that guitar, for your third birthday, did you wish we’d bought you a drum kit?’
‘Yes, Mother. I wanted to be Ringo not George.’
‘Sorry, Son,’ Cutter says softly.
‘That’s okay, Mum.’
‘You made a good living from music. Didn’t you, Son?’
‘I did, Mum. That I did,’ Charlie says, still not aware that he isn’t speaking to his mother but to Cutter pretending to be her.
‘Then why you need to get involved with these murderers?’
‘Greed, Mum, sorry. Plain greed and then the mistaken self-belief that nothing could go wrong. And now, Mum, it’s as wrong as wrong can be. I’m dying an all my band’s been killed.’
‘I told you, Cutter? “All” of them killed. That includes me as well. And no one believed me,’ Johnny announces in a triumphant tone.
‘Johnny, you was right. We need to hear him out. I missed what he said.’
‘He said that I was killed.’
‘I heard that bit. Johnny, let me finish my conversation with him before you interrupt again.’
‘Cutter, whose ideas was this in the first place?’
‘Yours, Johnny. Now please let me finish with Charlie before I talk to you? This three way stuff’s so confusing, I don’t know if I’m Charlie’s mother or his lead guitar.’ Turning to Charlie Cutter asks, ‘Tell me, Son?’
‘Yes, Mum.’
‘Who’s all dead, Son?’
‘Mum, all of them. Cutter, was killed by a contract.’
‘Why, Son?’ Cutter asks slowly. After hearing the truth he has to fight to keep his tone neutral.
‘They all knew too much. And you know what, Mum, they actually didn’t know anything.’
‘Son, I’m an old woman -.’
‘Really, you was only forty-five when you died? Do you continue aging after death?’
‘Son, you always ask too many questions. Start your story at the beginning, tell me the middle and then rush to the end. Pretend it’s a bedtime tale.’
‘It’s not a nice one, Mother?’
‘You tell it as it was, Son?’ Cutter coaxes.
‘Mum, I’m not proud of this. But I was offered a little extra to turn a blind eye. And I did. I’m sorry that it’s brought me to this.’
‘So what did you turn a blind eye to, Son?’
‘It’s no use, Ma. I’m a wrong un and now I’m paying the price. Other people have paid the price and they did nothing wrong.’
‘What other people, Son? You have to tell me if I’m to help you?’ Cutter states the obvious.
‘I’m paying for my crime but Trish, Pete and the rest didn’t deserve their fate. Yet because they knew me it was a death sentence.’
‘Son, why was Cutter killed?’ Cutter asks with more than a modicum of self-interest.
‘All that blood? He’s dead because of the greed of one man.’
‘Son, you need to put more meat on the bones for me.’
‘Cutter, why you always asking about yourself? Ask him about me,’ Johnny interjects.
‘Son, what happened with Johnny Bee? The papers said he died of natural causes. Was that true, Son?’
‘Mother, I wish I were a kid again. I’d listen to you. I’d do it all different. I really would.’
‘Cutter, ask him again about me.’
‘What would you do different, Son?’ Cutter coaxes.
‘Everything, Mum.’
‘And how would that affect the death of your friends. That Johnny Bee, for example?’
‘Is Johnny dead, Mother? How would anyone know?’
‘Cutter, give up. He’s in a fantasy world all his own,’ Johnny notes. 


Chapter 17

‘Johnny, Bev’s not here. Did he say he wouldn’t be here?’ Cutter deduces looking round the empty canal boat.
‘Cutter, sometimes you can be quite stupid. Why would he tell us where he’s not going to be? And if he had said, that he wouldn’t be here, then why would we be here?’
‘Johnny, you think he’s at … Sorry, Johnny.’
‘Don’t even think it. Who else can see us?’
‘There’s no one else, Johnny. It’s Bev or us on our own. Shouldn’t we be getting back, Johnny?’
‘Back for what? What use can we be for Charlie with us like this and him half dead?’
‘Johnny, look, Bev’s scribbled a note on here.’
‘What’s it say?’
‘I don’t know, Johnny. Perhaps, as he’s written it by the phone, it’s where he’s gone.’
‘Cutter, if we can’t read it it doesn’t matter if it say’s “X marks the spot, guys. I’m here come and get me”. How would we know?’
‘I saw this in a film once, Johnny. It was in one of them old black and white movies that I like. So it must work. In this film, Johnny, the hero found a pad just like this one with writing on it. And do you know what he did, Johnny? He ran a pencil softly over the surface and the writing appeared as if by magic. We could try that. Couldn’t we, Johnny?’
‘Sure. How long did it take you to move that pencil before? Minutes and you only managed to move it a centimetre, if that.’
‘That’s a centimetre more than I could do before, Johnny, that’s progress. Who can say what I’ll be able to do now.’
‘Soon! Soon? Soon is something we just don’t have.’
‘Johnny, haven’t you been telling me we’ve got all eternity?’
‘We may, have all eternity, but Charlie hasn’t. Well, he hasn’t if we want to keep him on the other side of eternity. Besides how long do you think it’ll take before you can lift a pencil? Let alone before you can cover a pad with graphite? By the time you’ve revealed the writing Berkshire’ll be back with us and so will Charlie. But not in the same way. If you gets my meaning.’
‘Johnny, you’re right, as always. I hadn’t thought about that. Johnny, I keeps forgetting. I’m not as quick as I used to be. But, Johnny, I’m quicker with some things. We glided back here at a fair lick-a-de-spit rate. What you think, Johnny? Do you think we’re getting good at this gliding around?’
‘Sure, but it’s not going to last for long, is it? Or save Charlie’s bacon for him, is it?’
‘No, Johnny. Sorry, Johnny. I was too excited and I forgot to keep my eye on the main event. It’s bad news for old Charlie. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘It will be if we don’t manage to raise the alarm. And if we don’t manage it, then who will?’
‘Didn’t Charlie have an old lady, Johnny? I think he did. Perhaps she’s missing him and’s already called the police?’
‘And they’ll do what, exactly? Look at it from their point of view, Cutter. Musician missing for a couple of nights? They’ll think he’s gone on a bender. Or that he’s had too much sherbet. Or that there’s some other dame in his life that the wife don’t know about. What interest will they have?’
‘Until it’s too late, Johnny, is that it?’
‘Yes, until it’s too late for old Charlie and they can cut up his corpse the way they did -.’
‘Yes, Johnny. I get the image. I don’t need no more detail.’
‘I guess on some things, then, you’re a little quicker off the mark than with some other things, is that it, Cutter?’
‘Some things are just closer to home and too raw not to be latched onto quickly. And that’s the one that’ll get me each and every time.’
‘I can see it’s tough. But Charlie’s still helpable.’
‘And you’re saying we can do something to help Charlie. Is that it, Johnny? Like call the police?’
‘No. They won’t be interested ‘til they have the body.’
‘What we going to do, Johnny?’
‘What’s all this “Johnny what we going to do”, crap? Cutter, you’re reliance on other people is beginning to annoy me. Can’t you think for yourself for once?’
‘Who I rely on, Johnny? I was only agreeing with you.’
‘If it isn’t me it’s Berkshire. Oh, Johnny let’s get Bev. Bev will do this. Bev will do that. Cutter, we’re on our own. When will you realise that? For once, Man, think for yourself.’
‘Sorry, Johnny, I guess I wasn’t thinking. But, Johnny, what are we going to do?’
‘There you go again.’
‘Sorry, Johnny. But, Johnny, what are we -.’
‘Nothing unless you shut up! I can’t think with you going on and on at me. Cut me some slack. Get out of my face, will you?’
‘Johnny, is Charlie dead?’
‘What made you ask?’
‘Don’ no, I guess it’s because -. Oh, Johnny, I hate it when we fall out. And, Johnny, we’ve got to stick together if we’re to get through this. Haven’t we, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, I’ve warned you!’
‘Sorry, Johnny. Johnny, you think Charlie’s now a stiffy?’
‘Nice words, Cutter, I don’t think. If you’re asking if I think he’s already died on us. I just don’t know.’
‘But you think so, don’t you, Johnny?’
‘I said I don’t know! So I don’t know. And that’s what I mean. You want me to solve your problems. Read my lips, Cutter, I don’t know. Got it?’
‘You know, Johnny, I’ve been observing you since we both died. And you’ve been really nasty to me on several occasions.’
‘Only when you deserved it, Cutter.’
‘No, Johnny, hear me out. I think it’s when someone you know’s being hurt or ki -. By the look on your face you know what it is I’m trying to say.’
‘That’s a turn up for the books, ain’t it, Cutter? Me, in my grave, being sensitive. Next you’ll be -. What’s the word?’
‘Taciturn?’ Cutter offers.
‘If that means not saying much; then that’s what I mean.’
‘It would be a shame if he was dead, Johnny.’
‘At last a grain of human compassion.’
‘Well you see, Johnny, I was thinking more that… Well, Johnny, we still don’t know what he meant when he said about your money.’
‘Or about our deaths. Come on. I’m resigned. Let’s go back and see. You never know.’
‘Johnny, what if there was another way to find Bev?’
‘There you go again. Bev, Bev, Bev! Is that all you can think about?’
‘No, Johnny. But at the moment he’s the only one who can talk to us. So I was thinking …’
‘I’m listening, go on.’
‘No, Johnny, it was a genuine question. Is there another way? Does he have an office -?’
‘Cutter, come on. I guess we can try the - . Cutter, is that his dog and bone that’s just switched itself on?’
The disembodied voice of Beverley comes into the ether. 
‘This is Beverley Berkshire. I’ve been expecting your call but dark forces are clouding my vision just now. I’m unable to get to the telephone to talk. Leave your contact details so that when the fog, of unreality, has lifted I’ll be able to reply to your message and bring light where there is dark. Bring comfort to those in pain and bring joy into the deepest corners of the most bereaved heart. For all this and more, leave your number after the tone. I will call you back. And that’s a promise from both sides of the grave.’
‘Beverley,’ Sandra announces, ‘it’s me. That’s a god awful message. It put the spooks up me I can tell you. I nearly rang off. You really must think about a new one. The end, Beverley, now really? Now what I’m calling about is that you were due here five minutes ago. Do you need me to pick you up? I’m all lonesome sat here all ready and waiting for you to drop by; just as you promised you would. If you don’t need a lift then I’ve time for a bath. I know you’d not take advantage if you got round here and found me in a compromising position in the tub. Would you now, Sugar Plum, bum, plum? Come slowly and I’ll keep you warm later. Buy for nowsies.’ 
The machine switches off.
‘Nowsies? Did Sandies actually say nowsies, Johnny?’ 
‘It sounded like that. But you know what these machines are like. Besides it’s a cheap one. So the sound quality can’t be relied on.’
‘That could be it, Johnny. Poor sound quality. Johnny, when she said plum, bum, plum. Was that poor sound quality as well, Johnny?’
‘I didn’t hear that.’
‘Didn’t you Johnny? It’s a pity we can’t play it back so we can hear it again and see what she does actually say. But I’m sure that’s what she said, bum and plum at least two or three times.’
‘There you go. You’d not make a good witness, would you? Was it three times or was it twice? And if you’ve got that wrong, why can’t you be wrong about the whole thing? In fact your lack of clarity could be the only evidence needed to prove that she didn’t say anything at all.’
‘I am sure that I hea -.’
‘I’m sure that you heard what you thought you heard. Still, it answers a couple of our questions, doesn’t it?’ 
‘I guess, Johnny, it answers where Bev’s got to. Was that the question you was thinking of, Johnny?’
‘Yes, but he’s obviously not there yet.’
‘Johnny, now we know where he’s going, you want to go as well, Johnny?’
‘No.’
‘Johnny, what’s the other question it answers? You said there were two? Or are you going to tell me that I didn’t hear that as well, Johnny?’
‘The other isn’t important. Come on, let’s get back to Charlie. He deserves our help.’
‘Then shouldn’t we at least tell Bev so he can call the police?’
‘You heard the message? You think he and Sandra are going to be up to being interrupted and asked to come to find another body? Cutter, I know her appetites. She’ll keep him busy for ages. No, Cutter. Once again us dead people need to stick together and leave the un-dead alone.’
‘That’s noble of you, Johnny? But Charlie wasn’t dead when we saw him last. Was he, Johnny? How can you be so certain that he is now?’
‘Even if he’s not, he’ll sooner be joining us than he’ll be staying that side. Come on, let’s go. Besides he was that close to death, when we saw him last, that I can’t help but wonder what it is that’s actually keeping him alive?’
‘Will power?’ Cutter asks.
‘No, I was thinking more of … Well, if you must know I was thinking more about me. And why I appeared to have been so willing to slip off my own mortal coil. And yet there’s Charlie clinging onto it. It’s as if he’s got something, here on earth, that’s more precious than I ever had.’
‘Johnny, you think it could be the fear of what’s on the other side that keeps him clinging to life?’
‘He’s no more to fear than me, I guess? Yet I appear to have given up without a struggle.’
‘How you know you gave up easily, Johnny?’
‘I don’t. But as I remember it I was alive and lying down one moment. Then the next I was dead and moving around.’
‘Now you mention it, Johnny, you reckon I gave in easily as well?’ 
Johnny continues their conversation as they fly off. ‘I guess we both did.’
‘But, Johnny, doesn’t it depend on how and where you get it? If you gets my meaning?
‘More like he’s got a guilty conscious. Cutter, I think that -. No. I’ll not be reduced to that!’
‘Reduced to what, Johnny?’
‘The green eyed monster.’
‘You think you’re earth bound because you’re jealous of Sandies and Bev getting together? Is that it, Johnny?’
‘No. It can’t be. Because I’m happy that Sandra’s found herself a new man. And this may sound really strange, Cutter. But I am happy about the fact that Berkshire’s nothing at all like me.’
‘I can see that, Johnny. Johnny, why we rushing around so fast? Are you in a hurry to get back to Charlie? That is where we’re going. Isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘Guess so. Look, there’re some more cars parked out the back. And the staff entrance’s closed and the security men are not at their posts,’ Johnny notes as the 69 Club comes into view.
‘You think that means something, Johnny?’
‘There’s only one way for a ghost to find out. Come on, back to the office. Look, there’s no one here but Charlie and I think he’s still breathing. Cutter, speak mother talk to him again. Get him to engage with you.’
‘Why, Johnny, where you off to?’
‘The bar. I’ve a little unfinished business to take care of.’
‘Johnny, can I come too?’
‘No. Get him to tell you how I was killed, who paid to have you killed and why the rest of the band had to die. If they’ve gone, to pick up that other suspect, they’ll have lost interest in him and may not be back for ages.’
‘Johnny, I’d not like to be in his shoes when they find the other man. Would you Johnny? Don’t leave me alone with him. Not now, Johnny?’
‘Why? You scared he’ll die on you?’
‘No, Johnny, it’s just that …’
‘That’s what you did to me, Cutter. You died on me when I was trying to save you. Now you’ll see what that’s like. Perhaps not. I may be back before his final croak. But I don’t think so. So don’t hold your breath.’ 
‘Johnny, Johnny, why you always gliding off when I need you?’
‘Mother, you came back,’ Charlie says more than a little deliriously. ‘Thank you, Mother, I knew you’d not desert me in my hour of need.’
‘Son, why you get mixed up with such bad men?’
‘I wanted more, Mother. Much, much more.’
‘And did you get it, Son?’ Cutter asks using his mother voice.
‘I did. It’s stashed away in an abandoned car at the back of the B-G Club. Only, it’s not my share.’
‘What you mean, Son?’
‘It’s only a fraction of what my share should have been. But there was a mix up, Mother.’
‘What mix up, Son?’ Cutter asks eager to know the truth.
‘Mum, all the bags were alike. I gave one to each of the band members.’
‘What bags, what band, Son. You forget I wasn’t there. So you’ll have to spell it out for me.’
‘I told the Chemist Potion band members that we needed to have a uniformed look,’ Charlie confesses.
‘I remember. You fought us for ages to get us all to wear a band uniform.’
‘Us, Mother? The uniforms were for Chemists Potion,’ Charlie observes confused.
‘I know that Son. You did a couple of gigs with each band member dressed in their uniform. It looked a bit militaristic. You didn’t do it for long. Did you, Son? Like a lot of things you gave it up as a bad job. Perhaps a little too quickly. You didn’t pursue it with them very hard. Did you, Son?’
‘No, Mother, I let them off. To be honest, Mother, I wasn’t really interested in the band having uniforms. The uniforms were a cover for an international smuggling ring. The uniforms were a way to get stuff through customs. The fact was that the uniforms didn’t attract any attention at all. And you know what, Mother, the stuff that was hidden in them had to be seen to be believed. Drugs, gems, cash and, even once or twice, exotic creatures. It was never my desire to have the band in a uniform. What mattered was the stuff we could get into the country under cover of them. Besides the band members never kept them clean, so I gave up.’
‘And then what did you use to cover up your smuggling activities?’
‘We got the contract with the B-G Club. Johnny liked to have his girls in posh uniforms. And I supplied them.’
‘With a little more to each than cloth and cotton thread?’ Cutter asks.
‘Yes, Mum. A lot more. And the more business Johnny did the more uniforms he bought and the more my business flourished. Johnny always took on more girls that he needed. So there was always a good trade for new uniforms. Which I had to import.’
‘And how did you smuggle anything in with the uniforms.’
‘I already told you, Mother, by stuffing the pockets with diamonds and other things. By sewing things in false seams and hiding hibernating livestock under them. It was clever stuff, Mother.’
‘Sounds it. Now, back to these band uniforms, Son. Do they have a direct link to the murders?’
‘Yes. You could even say they caused them, if you like, Mum.’
‘I don’t see how?’
‘When I gave the band their individual uniforms, the first time, I stuffed a couple of thousand pounds in the pockets. That was to pay for the lads, and lasses I’ll not forget Trish. It wasn’t their wage. It was just a little thank you from me to them. By giving it them, under the counter, they didn’t pay tax.’
‘That was very kind of you, Son. Why did you only do it once?’
‘When I got home I realised that I’d given out my bag by mistake. I’d got a band uniform and a hundred lousy quid.’
‘And do I assume that your uniform had more than a thousand quid in the pockets?’ Cutter asks.
‘Yes. A lot more. So it stands to reason that someone in the band had to have my uniform. And do you know what, Mother?’
‘No, Son, please tell me?’
‘The sod never gave it me back to me.’
‘The uniforms were all the same, Son. So why should anyone know that their uniform had more than just their under the counter bonus?’
‘Because mine, Mother, had over 100,000 uncut diamonds stuffed in the pockets! No musician gets that per gig.’
‘That’s a lot of ice, Son,’ Cutter agrees hardly able to contain his amazement.
‘A lot, Mother, and I think that even the dumbest drummer would realise that that wasn’t his cut. I was so angry that he didn’t return it to me that I almost disbanded the group.’ 
‘I can see losing 100,000 diamonds would upset you, Son. So that explains it.’
‘Explains what, Mum?’
‘Why you were eager to get your uniform back. That’s all, Son. Son, do you think these diamonds have anything to do with the recent deaths of all the band members?’
‘Sure, Mum. Larry wanted to get them back. He had a buyer and everything. A cash buyer and no diamonds. I can tell you he wasn’t best pleased. And as no one owned up to having them Larry let his boys try to persuade them to confess.’
‘I think I can imagine that they were, perhaps, not as subtle as they could have been,’ Cutter observes as he pictures Graham killing him.
‘Larry isn’t known for subtlety when he’s been double crossed, Mum.’
‘Oh, Charlie what have you got yourself into?’’
‘Out of, Mum, diamonds. 100,000 diamonds. ’
‘So everyone was killed for diamonds?
‘Not everyone, Mum, not Johnny?’
‘What happened to him?’ Cutter asks, by now, not interested in the answer.
‘He was the last one on the list. By that time everyone else was dead.’
‘I wasn’t,’ Cutter makes another slip.
‘What, Mum?’
‘I said Cutter wasn’t. He died after Johnny. Didn’t he, Son?’
‘No. The contract on Cutter went out the day before the one on Johnny. As far as they were concerned he was already dead meat.’
‘Charming. Why did they eliminate him, Son?’
‘Killing Johnny wasn’t an option. Johnny dead wouldn’t have led to the diamonds being recovered. But they knew that Cutter was close to Johnny. So they thought it would put the frighteners on Johnny who’d then be forced to hand them back.’
‘Killed for that. At least it wasn’t for fifty quid,’ Cutter notes sadly.
‘What you say, Mother?’
‘Nothing, Son. Go on with your story. I think time may not be on our side.’
‘Well by then there was only me and Johnny Bee left. As I said they’d arranged for Cutter to be hit to put the frighteners on Johnny.’
‘So why didn’t they think Cutter had them, Son?’
‘Educated guess. Besides he’s an okay guy and as straight as a die. No. When it was a choice between him and Johnny there was no contest.’
‘So they knew it was Johnny?’
‘Then just when they’re about to get to him he croaks of natural causes. So that means I’m left facing the music alone.’
‘Poor Johnny.’
‘Poor Johnny my foot! If he’d have picked his timing better none of this would’ve happened,’ Charlie offers as explanation. 
‘He’s dead, Son.’
‘And so am I. Or I will be soon. Besides it’s all his fault. He decided to keep what wasn’t his in the first place. I can’t get over how selfish he is. If he’d just handed them back, when he first found them, then none of this would have happened. He must have known what they were as soon as he opened the bag. So why couldn’t he just have given them back. No. He has to try and be clever and keep them. As if the owner wouldn’t notice them missing. He must have realised they would cause him trouble. No one loses 100,000 diamonds and doesn’t go looking for them? Do they, Mother? And now they’ve gone, he’s dead and Larry wants to know where Johnny hid his property. It’s a real mess.’
‘It sounds as if you’re well out of it. You know, Son, this is all out of my experience. But it would seem natural to try and recover what’s yours. Even if it’s not your property to start off with,’ Cutter suggests.
‘They belonged to Larry. He paid good money for them?’
‘Then why did he need to smuggle them.’
‘Larry isn’t the villain here, Mum. Johnny is for keeping the stuff. Mother, believe me if he’d given them back, when he first found them, then none of this would have happened.’
‘It’s a strange set of values you have, Son. But I guess I know what you mean. Still, I don’t think Johnny decided to die just to inconvenience you, Char-! Son.’
‘Mum, they’ve killed me. Well as good as for his little inconvenience!’
‘So where are the diamonds, Son?’ Cutter asks ever hopeful.
‘I don’t know, Mum. I guess, as Johnny hid them, only he knows where they are. And he’s not saying where he put them. Unless he gave them to someone else?’
‘Son, has it just turned very cold in here or is it me?’
‘Mum, what’s up, you’re fading?’
‘Son, you don’t think that’s what Larry’ll be thinking, do you? That Johnny may already have told someone where he’s hidden them?’
‘I don’t know, Mother? But it would be logical, wouldn’t it?’
‘No, Son, in fact just the opposite. If what you say’s true, and Johnny did died of natural causes. Then wouldn’t it be natural for him to have taken the secret to his grave?’ Cutter asks trying desperately to keep the rising panic from his voice.
‘In a way, that makes sense. He’d not expect to die so why … But then again, Mum, Larry doesn’t think logically. When he’s angry he’ll lash out at anyone.’
‘Then Sandies is in danger?’
‘Sandies?’ Charlie asks.
‘Johnny Bee’s woman.’
‘I guess she could be. Mum, why you calling her Sandies. There’s only one person who calls her that and he’s -.’
‘I know, Son. He’s dead thanks to you. Son, we must try and warn her if she’s in danger. Where are they now and why have they left you alone?’
‘Mum, I’m as close to death as I possibly can be without my heart actually stopping. They’ve already given up on me. You see they don’t care about their victims once they know they’re going to be of no further use to them. So they’ll leave me here until they come back to finish me off. They won’t even mind if nature beats them to it.’
‘Have they gone to pick Sandra up, Son?’
‘No. They found out about an undercover cop. It’s the cop they want. Guess it’s another one for the B-G Club and … then … then … then! Mother, Mother you still there? Mother, I don’t fancy being in his shoes when they find him. I’ve seen what they …’
‘Son, are you still..? Charlie …? Can you hear me? No? No answer. I guess you’re a goner then? Are you, Charlie? I saw Johnny the moment I was dead? Can you see me, Charlie?’
‘What you learn from him, Cutter?’ Johnny asks returning too late.
‘Johnny! Don’t creep up on me like that! You scared the shit out of me.’
‘Cutter, you’re dead you don’t have any. All the S H one T that you ever had in you was left all over the floor in your flat.’
‘That’s past, Johnny. And you promised you’d not bring it up again. I couldn’t help it. And you of all people, you, Johnny, should realise that being killed is a scary business. Well it is when you can see that it’s about to happen to you.’
‘And did you learn who paid for you to be killed?’
‘Yes, and not only that but I know how much it cost. But I think you already knew that. Didn’t you, Johnny? Is that why you’ve suddenly gone all jumpy on me? Is that the reason, Johnny?’
‘I don’t know what Charlie’s been saying but he never could remember things. Too many years on the sherbet have addled his grey cells until they see nothing but music notes and conspiracy.’
‘Johnny, stop it! He made a lot of sense. And you know what, Johnny, he told me what you’ve got hidden. Don’t look away, Johnny. I now know why you’re so desperate to talk to Sandies.’
‘How you know that?’
‘Charlie, he just said that you found 100,000 diamonds.’
‘Is there any point me denying it, Cutter?’
‘In a bag that didn’t belong to you.’
‘That’s where you’re wrong, Cutter. I was given the bag. It was mine.’
‘But, Johnny, the contents were not yours. Were they, Johnny?’
‘Finders keepers, you know that, Cutter?’
‘Where you hide them, Johnny?’
‘I’m not telling.’
‘Johnny, what use are they to you now? You can’t even touch them. Besides you shouldn’t …’
‘Shouldn’t have what?’
‘Charlie said they weren’t yours to keep. Is that true, Johnny?’
‘And who’s were they to keep? Besides, how you know that I wasn’t trying to find the rightful owner? Tell me that?’
‘Oh, Johnny, I know that because I know you. That’s how.’
‘Well I wasn’t going to go up to Charlie and say, “did you give me some ice by mistake”, was I?’
‘No, Johnny, I can see that that wouldn’t have worked.’
‘But if you had, Johnny, then you think that maybe Charlie, Trish, Hip-O, Pot, and me; that we’d all still be alive and making music together?’
‘It wasn’t my fault.’
‘Johnny, has the possibility ever crossed your mind? Even just once, Johnny?’
‘I’m dead as well which you seem to be forgetting.’
‘I wasn’t, Johnny? And that’s another thing that Charlie said. He said that you wasn’t killed by them. That your death was totally natural.’
‘Fat lot that he knows about it. Medically trained is he now?’
‘Johnny, just because you don’t like the truth doesn’t make it not true. Does it, Johnny?’
‘Why would I die of natural causes? I was fit and healthy. I haven’t had a day’s sickness since I was a kid?’
‘You were self-employed, Johnny. We all know the self-employed don’t go sick. Do they, Johnny? They can’t afford to. Can they, Johnny? Isn’t that what you’re always telling me, Johnny? Well, isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘It wasn’t only that. Sandra made sure that we ate well and that we did all the things we needed to, to keep healthy. I can’t believe I died of natural causes. Are you sure you heard him right, Cutter?’
‘Yes. But that’s not the point, Johnny. The point is that the man who smuggled the ice in the first place wants it back.’
‘Then let him find it. I’ve hidden it really well.’
‘No, Johnny, you don’t understand. They’ve narrowed it down to you. All the other suspects are dead. So it’s just you they’re looking for. Johnny what you going to do about it?’
‘Cutter, you may have forgotten, but I’m dead. Dead and cremated. What can they do to me?’
‘That’s the whole point, Johnny. They’re as mad as anything. They know they can’t do anything to you. But they’re so mad that they don’t care who they hurt. They just want to hurt someone and make them pay. Someone who can take them to the diamonds. Or even someone who may not even know where you hid them. And by now I’m not so sure, Johnny, that they care which it is. The diamonds or revenge. They don’t mind how they take out their anger -.’
‘Sandra? Cutter, are you trying to tell me that Sandra’s in danger?’
‘Yes, Johnny. Now they know that it was you who has the diamonds they’ll try and get them back from Sandies.’
‘She doesn’t know anything about them.’
‘Johnny, you really think that’ll stop them? Look at Charlie over there. He didn’t know where you hid them. Did he, Johnny. I didn’t, Trish, Hip-O -.’
‘Okay, I get the point.’ 
‘None of us, Johnny. None of us could help them. And look how they treated us. Johnny, you don’t want that for Sandies. Do you, Johnny?’
‘She doesn’t know anything about them.’
‘So she won’t be able to answer their questions. Will she, Johnny?’
‘No. That doesn’t make me any happier.’
‘And, Johnny, if she can’t answer their questions, they’ll -.’
‘Don’t say it, Cutter. This is an awful mess.’
‘Johnny, we have to warn her. As Bev’s with her he’ll be able to translate for us. What we waiting for?’


Chapter 18

I think that I must come back in here. I’ve been rather remiss in my duties as narrator. I feel that perhaps the time is right for me to put some flesh on the bones of this story. 
Up to now I’ve been silent and avoided descriptive passages so as to allow you to use your own imagination. I find other peoples’ descriptions so dull. So very, very dull. After all, Dear Reader, you have your own imagination and you’ll want to exercise it. And you cannot do that if there are pages and pages of long descriptions that overrule your imagination. What if I say that a certain woman is beautiful? You can picture your own idea of beauty and she’ll fulfil that image. Whereas if I describe her; what if my idea of a beautiful woman isn’t yours? You may not find my woman beautiful at all. That’s what I mean when I say descriptive passages restrict your opportunity to engage with the characters and plot.
I digress and you want to know what’s happening to Sandra, Beverley, Johnny and Cutter. Well the latter two are stood in the sitting room of the flat in which this story started.
It’s a modest sized room. Against one free wall is an over-stuffed mock Chippendale three seater couch. Either side of the bay-window are matching recliner mock Chippendale chairs. They’re all covered in real, shocking red cow hide. When I say real it’s the leather that’s real; the vibrant colour’s obviously not. 
In the centre of the room stands a low coffee table in the shape of a naked woman. On top of her outstretched arms rests an ovoid sheet of reinforced green glass that forms the surface for a table. 
A massive double radiator hangs against one wall and positioned in front of it is a seventies style drinks bar, complete with optics for dispensing spirits. Under the counter’s a small fridge for the champagne (that Sandra admitting to drinking without discernment earlier). There’s also an ambient red wine cabinet, petite dishes for nibbles, silver ashtrays and packets and packets of snack items. While overhead there’s a mahogany rack where Sandra kept her expensive range of diamond cut crystal glasses. 
There are two tall bar stools, with padded seats in a green and yellow harlequin pattern that sets off the pine coloured cane frames. 
The deep plush carpet, which in this room actually matches the curtains, yields easily as you walk on it. It has welcomed a range of feet into its deep and plush interior. The pile’s so thick and luxurious that it almost threatens to suck you in up to your knees and hold onto you and never let you escape from its embrace. 
That is the image of this room that Johnny had had as he had glided in and abruptly came to a halt by the upturned bar. As he surveys the scene, and notices the obvious evidence of a violent struggle, his head and shoulders droop. 
The furniture has been pushed over and a heavy boot applied to all the joints and fastening. The table’s been kicked and the glass thrown against the wall. The contents of the bar have been poured over the carpet and the glasses and bottles smashed against the walls and floor. The drapes lie in a heap where they’ve been torn from their mountings and the carpet’s been pulled up all around the edges. 
As Johnny notices each and every act of wanton damage he sighs. He sighs a lot. Every piece of upholstered furniture has been ruined by the addition of deep aggressive slashes. The stuffing has been pulled out and discarded like animal guts on an abattoir floor. Everything that was breakable has been broken. Everything that was rip-able has been ripped. Everything that was hollow has been searched. Everything that had meant anything to Johnny has now been totally destroyed. 
The room’s in total chaos. Johnny hangs, motionless, a foot or so off the ground. He holds his head down avoiding meeting Cutter’s sympathetic gaze.
Cutter’s trying his best to be sensitive. He knows he’ll be unable to find the right words; so he keeps quiet. He tries not to draw attention to himself. He hopes that Johnny won’t ask him the one question that he cannot honestly answer. Cutter’s deeply hurt for Johnny. But at the same time he can’t help but feel that, by acting the way he did, Johnny has only himself to blame for these events. 
He silently wonders what it is about 100,000 diamonds that could be worth all this misery and death. Suddenly, realising he can do one major favour for his friend, he leaves the room. 
Taking a deep breath, as if to fortify himself, he glides into the kitchen. He notes that it’s a mess. Yet he breathes a sigh of relieve as he notices that it’s been a very professional and thorough job. No item undamaged, no hiding hole left unsearched and most important no bodies.
He returns to the main room before slipping into the bathroom. He expects to see the room a mess. He’s not disappointed. He glides into the spare bedroom and leaves quickly. The flat’s been well and truly turned over. 
Once back in the main room he throws a glancing look at Johnny. Cutter's trying to gain the courage to do the worst thing that he’s ever had to do; either side of the grave. He wonders, to himself, if Johnny will ever appreciate it. Or if Johnny will ever know how much it’s cost him to do it. He looks away; he knows Johnny’s never appreciated anything or anyone else. Cutter realises, in his own heart, that he doesn’t expect Johnny to change; not now.
Cutter looks at Johnny and his own heart almost breaks. He glances back and realises that someone will have to check the bedroom. Johnny won’t be able to. Cutter moves away realising, that, as he’s the only other person in the flat, he has to find the truth. 
Cutter takes a deep breath, closes his eyes and then glides to the closed bedroom door. He pauses, opens his eyes quickly and then closes them speedily without seeing anything. And without progressing out of the main room. 
He see that Johnny hasn’t moved. A tiny droplet of water falls from under his closed lids. As Cutter notices his friends’ distress he swallows down the lump that’s now firmly wedged at the back of his own throat. He cannot leave this to Johnny. 
He glides back to the bedroom door, pauses, and then stops. He returns to Johnny. He glides back to the bedroom door, stops and returns to Johnny. He glides to the bedroom door, once more, knocks and then looks away. He smiles to himself. It’s the type of smile that only plays on the lips of people when they know they’ve just done something very foolish. 
He glides away from the door then he stops abruptly and turns to face the bedroom.
‘Shit’ he calls loudly as he glides lick-a-de-split non-stop into the bedroom. His velocity sends him hurtling through the window with a smile that lights up his whole face. 
He did it. He’s conquered his own fear. Even better, as his broadening beam acknowledges, his fear was unfounded. Bev and Sandra are not lying dead on the floor. He glides back into the room and glances round as an image of Sandra, crouching on the bed while she cradled the dead Johnny to her bosom, threatens to bring tears to his own dead eyes. He takes a moment to compose himself and then slowly returns to Johnny.
‘Johnny, they’re not here?’
‘That’s obvious.’
‘Johnny, you’ve no need to snap at me. I know it’s a mess. But at least Sandies and Bev are not … Well you know what I’m trying to say. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘Yes, that they’re not lying dead in one of the other rooms. Is that what you’re saying, Cutter? Is that what I should be grateful for?’
‘Johnny, I was only trying to help.’
‘Trying to help? Well start by clearing this mess up.’
‘Johnny, that’s unfair. You know I can’t do that. Besides, Johnny, the police’ll have to see it. Johnny, don’t look so down. It’s only stuff and you and Sandies had lots of stuff. The important thing, Johnny, is that they’re okay. Isn’t that the case, Johnny?’
‘And how you know that?’
‘Well, they’re not here. Are they, Johnny?’
‘No. But there’s been a fight. It’s obvious that someone’s turned the place over. Where you think they’ve taken them?’
‘Johnny, you think if Larry had turned up here, and Bev and Sandies were here when they arrived, that they’d still be alive?’
‘It’s a possibility.’
‘Oh, Johnny, you think they’ve got them. Don’t you, Johnny?’
‘It’s logical. And if they have; we know where they’ll be.’
‘Not necessarily, Johnny. Don’t you remember, Johnny, Charlie said that they’d gone off to find another suspect? So perhaps they’re too busy with him to care about Bev and Sandies.’
‘Cutter, you trying to be thick?’
‘No, Johnny. It was just what I think may have happened. It don’t make it right any more that it would make it wrong. All I was saying was I was thinking -.’
‘No, Cutter, you’re not thinking. Try this. Sandra and Berkshire could be those other suspects. Besides Berkshire has an ex-wife, or a wife I forget which. Whichever she is she’s a cop. Remember when we was leaving the station after he went down to make a statement?’
‘I do. But, Johnny, fancy you remembering that?’
‘I remember everything.’
‘You always did have a good memory for detail and things. I’ll give you that, Johnny.’
‘Thanks. But we’re getting off the subject.’
‘What type of cop is she, Johnny?’
‘That’s what I’ve been trying to remember. As we left the station that other cop said something about her. Now what was it? That was it! He was talking about her doing a lot of something or other. That’s when Berkshire cut across him. In fact the cop said that they were in different divisions and that they didn’t get the chance to socialise much.’
‘But, Johnny, she could be any division. She could do anything from desk work to child protection to undercover -! Oh, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, you’re right. It’s only undercover officers that don’t talk about their work.’
‘You sure, Johnny?’
‘That fits beautifully, Cutter. It works well if his old lady works undercover and Larry’s looking for an undercover cop. It’s not that big a leap to put two and two together and wonder. What if the cop they’ve gone after’s his old woman?’
‘Johnny, in the position they’re in now, would it make much difference?’
‘I keep thinking that this has all been set up.’
‘With Berkshire and his wife? Johnny, you think they’re trying to trace the diamonds by using Bev and his wife?’
‘It could be an elaborate sting to catch Larry.’
‘Johnny, Bev can see and talk to us. They wouldn’t set up a sting with ghosts. No, Johnny, that’s just not on. I can’t buy that. Johnny, Bev’s a Medium not a copper’s nark.’
‘I guess you’re right.’
‘Johnny, why you looking like that?’
‘Like what?’
‘Like you’ve just been called to the dentist chair to have all your teeth pulled out without the aid of anaesthetic?’ 
‘Because, Cutter, that’s just what we’re about to do.’
‘I was afraid that was what you were going to say, Johnny. It’s the “we” bit that I really don’t like. Johnny, what you trying to get me into this time?’
‘We have to save them.’
‘What, Johnny?’
‘You and me. We have to save them?’
‘Johnny, how? We couldn’t save Charlie and he was only one?’
‘That attitude won’t get us anywhere. Cutter, we need a …’
‘Cunning plan, Johnny?’
‘I was thinking of a clever or workable plan. What you got in mind, Cutter? Or do I call you Baldrick?’
‘Oh no, Mr Blackadder.’
‘Enough, Cutter. I like a joke as much as the next man. A good joke that is. With you, a joke always goes too far. We need to think how to save them.’
‘Johnny, you think they’ll be at the B-G by now?’
‘That’s where the rest of them have ended up. So I think it’s a fair bet.’
‘You think they were here when Larry’s boys arrived? And what with Sandies all naked in the bath.’
‘How else would she be dressed for a bath? We have to go.’
‘Johnny, where?’
‘If Sandra and Berkshire knew they were coming they may have got away and are now in hiding.’
‘How would they know, Johnny?’
‘We’ve discussed this. Your attention span’s getting shorter and shorter by the hour. Berkshire’s old woman’s a cop. She’d have tipped him off.’
‘Johnny, that would work. That’s a good plan, only …’
‘What you throwing cold water over it for now?’
‘Johnny, for his wife to have tipped him off, wouldn’t that have meant that the police already know about the gang?’
‘Yes, why wouldn’t they?’
‘Then they’d know where to look for Charlie and the others. So, Johnny, why haven’t they. If they know about it?’
‘Sometimes, Cutter, you can be too bright for your own good. Okay, so we’re back at square one. The police don’t know, we don’t know what they don’t know and we can't talk to them. How’s that for a summary?’
‘It’s good, Johnny. Well the summary's good. The situation isn’t. Is it, Johnny?’
‘Take a good look around, Cutter, see if there’re any clues?’
‘Johnny, aren’t we just wasting time?’
‘Not if they’ve left something, anything. Just look, Cutter, will you?’
‘Johnny, this procrastination isn’t -.’
‘Isn’t what? Don’t tell me what’s not and what it is. It’s my woman whose life’s in danger. Don’t you forget that.’
‘And who put her in danger in the first place?’
‘I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that, Cutter.’
‘Sorry, Johnny, it’s the mental anguish and accumulated weariness that’s getting to me.’
‘You know that long words like that don’t impress me.’
‘Johnny, let’s go to the B-G. We can improvise when we get there?’
‘Improvise, play jazz?’
‘No, Johnny. Let’s just go and see what’s happening when we get there.’
‘We’ve been there; we know what happens.’
‘And we can try and stop it.’
‘How?’
‘Johnny, I don’t know. We could see what’s available when we arrive. By then I may be able to …’
‘Sure, lift a pencil and write them a note.’
‘It would scare them, Johnny, “the finger that writes and having writ moves on”, and all that.’
‘What you going on about now?’
‘It’s from the bible -.’
‘That’s all I need. You reverting back to your Sunday School days.’
‘Johnny, I guess you’ll say that this isn’t the time.’
‘So don’t say it then.’
‘Johnny, I was wondering where else could I revert to but back?’
‘Cutter, you can be a nasty pretentious little git at times.’
‘Sorry, Johnny, but that’s just one of those little things that irritates me.’
‘You again! You, you, you. Cutter, my Sandra’s been kidnapped by a group of murderous sods.’
‘We don’t know that for sure, Johnny.’
‘My lovely home’s been ransacked and all you want to do is pick hairs because you’re irritated. Cutter, I wish I could be irritated. I wish right now that me and Sandra was only irritated! No. Don’t say another word to me.’ 
‘Okay, Johnny, if that’s how you want it. I’ll go.’
‘Good.’
‘You see, Johnny, I don’t know what I can do. Or what I’ll do if I find them. But I can’t stand here and do nothing.’
‘You still here? I thought you’d gone ages ago?’
‘I also think, Johnny, that when you need a gift it somehow comes. You needed to get my killer to leave evidence and you made that wave sound. I needed something or other and I managed to move the pencil. I know it’s not much, Johnny, but it’s a start.’
‘You’re right it’s not much.’
‘I don’t know, Johnny, I really don’t. And as you keep reminding me, Sandies is your woman and not mine. But to my way of thinking doing something, or at least trying anything, has got to be better than hanging around doing nothing. What you say, Johnny? Shall we give it a go?’
‘For what?’
‘Because, and I know this is only my selfish perspective, Johnny. But for me I believe that it’s better to be active and try something, than it is to hang around worrying and not knowing. Hasn’t it, Johnny?’
‘Could be.’
‘Johnny, are you going to come with me?’
‘No, Cutter. I’ve a better idea. Come on, I need to show you something. It’s a little out of our way but it’s sort of on the way to the B-G. It shouldn’t take us too long. Besides, if they’re in hiding, I think that’s where Sandra would have gone to ground. So we need to hurry.’
‘Johnny, where you want to go to?’
‘I have to show you something. Do you want to see it or do you want to stand here arguing?’
‘It’s not at the B-G Club, then?’
‘No, it’s on the way. In fact the time you’ve spent arguing with me we could have been there by now.’
‘You sure?’
‘It’s just off the bypass. It won’t add more than a couple of minutes if we’re quick.’
‘What’s there, Johnny?’ Cutter asks as they fly off.
‘I need to show you, besides; I think it could save us a lot of time in the end.’
‘You think Sandies and Bev may be there and not at the club?’
‘It’s a possibility. That’s all I say.’
‘Why, Johnny? What’s there that would take them to this spot?’
‘A dead tree, Cutter. That’s all. It’s just a farmer’s field that just happens to have a dead London Pine tree in the corner. It’s all bleached by the sun. You know I’m not one to have a poetic outlook on life but, every time I see it, it stirs my soul. Are you coming?’
‘Sure, Johnny. Johnny, does this mean we’re friends again?’


Chapter 19

In what can only be described as a turn up for the books, Johnny and Cutter are floating around the trunk of a dead London Plane tree. They are inches above a field that’s just been harvested and has produced an abundant crop of English potatoes. A tractor and trailer are slowly making their way to the main gate at the far end of the field. Two workers walk slowly on either side of the tractor cab. They’re yelling at the driver, trying to make themselves heard above the engine noise. One of them stops talking and ambles ahead to open the gate. They both stand back to allow the driver to steer through the narrow opening without distractions. Both men then briefly exchange a word or two before, side-by-side, quickly making their way to a copse of oak trees. The men lean against a couple of thick heavily barked trunks and light cigarettes as they wait for their colleague, the one driving the tractor, to join them. They watch his slow progress as he inches his way stiffly out of the cab, stretches and then briskly, yet gently, rubs his lower back before he leans back inside the cab to retrieve a battered thermos flask. Securing the flask in a deep pocket on the inside of his overcoat he turns, smiles at his colleagues, gives them a slight wave and then slowly starts plodding towards them. He whistles an old country melody, slightly off key and definitely without style.
The farm workers exchange greetings. Their voices are loud and carry well on the thin air. They noisily negotiate which of them is going to drive the tractor next. They indulge in a humorous, if long and much heated, conversation before one worker secures the prize for himself. That argument settled they turn their attention to whose turn it is to check the trailer. This is less heated, as only two of them are involved, so it’s over very quickly. The worker, the one who’s failed to secure either task, pours the coffee. As it gushes, strong and milky from the dirty thermos into the shared cup, it steams his glasses and causes much merriment among the men. 
Placing both cup and thermos on the ground he removes his glasses and wipes them over the leg of his, none too clean, overalls. He smiles through smudged lenses as he retrieves the cup and takes the first gulp. He draws the scalding liquid deep down and feels it thaw his marrow before offering it around. Using the one cup they take it in turns to drink. Sip after rapid sip is halted only when they wish to draw deeply on their cigarettes. 
Demonstrating a degree of human companionship, that’s both compulsive and painful for Johnny and Cutter to watch, they drink and talk until the thermos is drained and they’re compelled, reluctantly, to return to their labours. 
The farm workers are oblivious to the two ghosts who are sharing the early afternoon sunshine with them. The two ghosts are not oblivious to the three farm hands. Johnny and Cutter are both desperately trying not to let their own feelings of anger and jealously cloud their judgement. 
And all this time Johnny stands with his hands on the dead London Pine tree.
And all this time Cutter fidgets.
And all this time the dead London Pine stands proud. Its bark, now pure white with death, stands in elegant relief against the dark green of the other trees that surround it and the bright blue of the afternoon sky that crowns it. White fluffy clouds hang overhead as if they’ve been impaled on its outstretched, yet baron, top branches. It’s almost too beautiful a sight for Johnny to bear. He looks away and notices, for the first time, Cutter’s apparent disinterest.
‘That’s it, Cutter.’
‘Johnny, it’s a dead tree.’
‘It’s a beautiful dead tree.’
‘Johnny, what’s beautiful about being dead? 
‘It has a beauty all its own.’
‘Dead things are ugly and smelly.’
‘Cutter?’
‘Oh, I know, we’re dead. Johnny, you think that we now pong like them corpses back at the club? I wonder if anyone can whiff us? I guess we should be by now. I guess that’s why Bev asked us to leave. I wonder if that’s why them farm workers left. It’s a bit much, isn’t it, Johnny. I mean if men that work in pig-shit all day can’t stand the smell of us. What you think, Johnny?’
‘I don’t think the living know anything at all about us.’
‘So, Johnny, tell me again; why are we here?’
‘Cutter, if the choice of where to scatter my ashes was left up to you; where’d you pick?’
‘I guess the river at the sailing club. Or off Southend pier. Yes, we’d have a day trip. A few jars in a local. Just something for the lads to remember you by. Then tip you over just before that burnt bit. If I remember you did a lot of fishing and sailing around there. That’s where I’d pick for you, Johnny. Is that right, Johnny? Would you have liked that?’
‘And where do you think Sandra would pick for me?’
‘Well as you’d be no use to her in bed -!’
‘Seriously, Cutter. Where you think Sandra picked for me?’
‘Johnny, as I believe I got it right; I’d guess she’d pick the same place I did. Unless, Johnny you and she had a secret lover’s spot that only you and she know about. Then she may pick that. But that’d be unfair as I couldn’t possibly know 'bout it. Could I, Johnny? Did you, Johnny? Did you and Sandies have a lover’s spot? And, Johnny, was it around here?’
‘All in good time. So finally, Cutter, what if anyone else, who knew me even slightly, was asked where I’d like to have my ashes scattered. Where’d you think they’d say?’
‘Same as me and Sandies, I guess. On the sea or the river, Johnny. Johnny, am I right?’
‘This is where I told Sandra to scatter my ashes.’
‘What!’ Cutter demands astounded.
‘Welcome to where my ashes are scattered.’
‘You got your Sandies to scatter your ashes here? That’s a turn up for the books and no mistake. Johnny, it’s sad, it really makes me sad that does.’
‘I don’t see why or what it’s got to do with you?’
‘Because it just shows. You can think you know someone and then they surprise you. Something as basic as scattering your ashes and I got it wrong. Oh, Johnny, that’s sad, real sad and I feel awful. I guess, Johnny, I didn’t know you as well as I thought I did. Did I Johnny? I’m sorry. Does it make you sad as well? Sad that I didn’t know you as well as I thought I did?’
‘No. You knew me very well, Cutter. Very well indeed. So don’t be sad.’
‘And has she carried out your wishes, Johnny?’
‘Yes, she came the other night. She’s a clever girl my Sandra is. She came under cover of darkness and did the deed.’
‘In the dark! Johnny, even I can tell that this place’s miles from anywhere. Johnny, why you picked such a remote location?’
‘It’s not that remote. That’s the main A road over there. All she had to do was to park the car in that lay-by. It’s just behind that copse of oaks where the men were. See it?’
‘Yes.’
‘And then all she had to do was walk from there to here. It’s a very short walk; even for her. She waited for a night with a full moon. It was quite easy for her to see where she was going. I watched her do it. I think she cried a little; if not a lot.’
‘She came alone, Johnny?’
‘Yes. That surprised me. I did wonder if Berkshire would have tagged along. But he didn’t. She was dressed in black. She said some wonderful things about me as she let the wind take my ashes out of the urn. Oh, Cutter, it was just so beautiful.’
‘You came here, Johnny? With Sandies?’
‘You think I’d leave her alone to scatter my ashes. No, I was here.’
‘Where was I?’
‘With Bev. And neither of you noticed me slip out.’
‘Sandies was very good for you, Johnny. Don’t you think so?’ 
‘Yes, but I think it’s time for her to move on?’
‘To Bev, Johnny? You wouldn’t mind? Is that what you’re saying?’
‘She’s been faithful to me, carried out my wishes and now … Well, that night marked the point when I no longer had any hold over her. She’s done all I asked her to do and more. Much more. It’s time, Cutter.’
‘She was good to you. It was good of her to come all this way, then to tramp over that muddy field and do it all in the dark. Johnny, that’s some woman. Johnny, why didn’t the farmer let her …? Johnny, I just need to clear this up. Johnny, before you died, you did get permission from the farmer to scatter your ashes here?’
‘No! That’s why she had to come at night.’
‘Johnny, did you think that if you’d asked him he wouldn’t have given permission? Is that it, Johnny? Is that why you didn’t ask beforehand?’
‘Let’s just say that as this was so important to me I wasn’t going to take that chance.’
‘Johnny, was that wise?’
‘I got what I wanted, didn’t I?’
‘And that’s all that counts, is it, Johnny?’
‘No, Cutter. That’s unfair. But it was important for Sandra to link this place to me.’
‘And that justifies it, Johnny?’
‘Yes, I’m where I want to be. Sandra knows that I’m here and no one got hurt. Cutter, why you making such a big deal of it? There’s no harm done so what’s your problem?’’
‘But why, Johnny, why?’
‘Because …’
‘Johnny, when you decided to have your ashes scattered here did you know the farmer was growing a food crop in the field?’
‘I’m not that much the city boy that I can’t recognise a farmer’s field when I see one. Besides, what else would a farmer grow?’
‘Hemp for bank notes, Johnny?’
‘Smart Alex.’
‘I only asks, Johnny, because, well, isn’t this all just a little unhygienic?’
‘Oh, so it’s okay for worms, birds, cats, foxes et all to shit on the crop day in, day out. As for night time fornication? Well that’s fine as well. But it isn’t okay for my sterile ashes to be scattered over it? Is that what you’re saying?’
‘No, Johnny, no.’
‘Really?’
‘Well, yes, Johnny. In a way, if I’m honest, that’s exactly what I’m saying. Besides, if it was that simple, why didn’t you let Sandies get the farmers permission? Johnny, wouldn’t it have saved her a long walk in the dark through a muddy field?’
‘It’s important she knows how to make that muddy trek.’
‘It seems odd to me, Johnny. I’d have thought you’d have wanted your ashes scattered over water, Johnny. With Sandies in a posh dress and looking glamorous. She’d have ruined her shoes in this field.’
‘So what if she did I paid for them. Besides, it gave her an excuse to buy some expensive Wellington boots she’ll never use again.’
‘Sandies in Wellingtons? Johnny, she deserves better than that. Doesn’t she, Johnny?’
‘This was for her. It wasn’t all for me.’ 
‘Sandies in a posh frock and the water. That’s what I’d have done for you, Johnny. Sorry it would have been the wrong thing. I’d have hated it if my last act for you was wrong. I guess Sandies knew about this place being special to you. Did she, Johnny? I still think, Johnny, you could have asked the farmer.’
‘Cutter, you’re looking at my earthly remains and all you can think about is talking to a farmer? Look I’ve become good organic fertiliser that’s all. Dust to dust. And just feel it. This dirt that’s blowing all over us, Cutter, it’s me. I’m being blown over this tree and all around the field. I’m being taken up by the wind and becoming one with everything we can see around us. Cutter, isn’t it marvellous?’
‘If you say so.’
‘I do, Cutter, I really do. I’m all over the place, and for once, it’s good. Cutter, it feels really good.’
‘And that’s my point, Johnny. You’re all over the crop. Ugh, Johnny, everyone who buys their spuds will all get to eat a bit of you. Like in that song. Remember it, Johnny? In that song when some man dies and he gets eaten by worms who in turn get eaten by ducks who then, the ducks who ate the worms that ate him, get eaten by people. Remember it, Johnny? It ends saying something about “then we’ll all have eaten you” or something like that. Remember it, Johnny?’
‘Cutter?’
‘Johnny, I guess that’s why you have to wash all your fruit and veg before you eat them. Never mind about what the farmer’s put on it. It’s what someone else may have put on. That’s what the real worry is. Is that what you think as well, Johnny?’
‘I think you should shut up.’
‘Johnny, if it’s hurting you that much why you bring me here when we could be looking for Sandies and Bev?’
‘Do I need to spell it out? Cutter, there’s something else under that tree. A hidden harvest so precious, but unless my Sandra starts thinking straight, it may never see the light of day ever, ever again.’
‘Truffles? Gosh, can you smell truffles now you’re dead?’
‘Cutter, are you for real? Or has death deadened all your senses?’
‘Johnny, what have I said now?’
‘Cutter, as this is the reason why you were killed I thought I owed it to you to show you where I’d hidden them. Now I’m beginning to wonder why I bothered.’
‘Johnny, you saying what I think you’re saying?’
‘I can’t do any more, Cutter.’
‘Johnny, is this where they are … Wow.’
‘I said it was precious.’
‘100,000 diamonds is even more valuable than a white truffle.’
‘Cutter, I’m … Well I just wanted to say …’
‘I guess, Johnny, as they came for the earth then it’s a good thing they’ve gone back to it. What you say, Johnny?’
‘Cutter, what it is that I’m trying to say -. And I think making a real mess of, is …’
‘Johnny, you think we can go down to where you’ve hidden them and take a look? I’ve never seen that many diamonds before?’
‘I guess what it is that I’m trying to say, Cutter, is that I am sorry for all this.’
‘My God, Johnny!’
‘I’m truly, truly sorry for what’s happened. I never meant it to. And if I’d known then I’d have behaved differently. More sensibly.’
‘Johnny, an apology?’
‘Just the one. Now, let’s not talk of this ever again.’
‘As you say, Johnny.’
‘I was also hoping that if Sandra and Berkshire had escaped, before they came to turn the flat over, then she may have come here.’
‘Why, Johnny? Just because you asked her to scatter your ashes in that bizarre ceremony? You think that that’s enough reason for her to associate the place with you. And come back here? Is that it, Johnny?’
‘In my will, Cutter, I made it very clear that this place was very special to me. Sandra’s a very bright girl. She’ll not take long to put two and two together and work out that there can only be one reason why a farmer’s field in Essex would mean so much to me; the archetypal Cockney city slicker.’
‘I’m sorry, Johnny, I guess I’m not as bright as Sandies. Johnny, I don’t understand.’
‘You, Sandra, in fact everyone who knows me, if you asked them to a man they’d all say … Yes? Cutter, I paused there not to allow myself to take in another delicious lungful of this country air but to allow you to answer the question I’ve just posed. So, Cutter, what would they all say?’
‘About what, Johnny?’
‘What do I have the strongest links to? Where would you believe that I’d want my ashes scattering?’
‘I told you, on the river, or the sea at Southend.’
‘And you’d be right.’
‘But, Johnny, I wasn’t you told Sandies to scatter them here.’
‘Exactly and why would I do that, Cutter?’
‘You’d have your reasons, Johnny. I guess they’ll be very good ones. Are they, Johnny?’
‘Ask yourself why, when it’s obvious to anyone -. Even someone with only a nodding acquaintance to me that I’m a water man and I don’t like the land. So ask yourself why, Cutter, why would I ask her to scatter my ashes here?’ 
‘So she comes here and finds a ploughed field? Is that it, Johnny?’
‘So she comes here and thinks, “what’s here that he needs me to know about”? That’s what she thinks. Look around you. It’s obvious. It’s a dug up field so it’s an ideal place to hide something.’
‘But where would she start looking?’
‘Simple. I arrange to have an engraved bracelet sent to her.’
‘And it shows her where to look? That’s good. X marks the spot. Is that it, Johnny?’
‘No, it says, “Know what the best remedy for seasickness is”?’
‘And that’s all, Johnny?’
‘Yes. You know what it is?’ 
‘No, Johnny.’
‘Then let me tell you. The old seaman’s remedy, and this works, for seasickness … and you really don’t know what it is?’
‘No, Johnny, I wasn’t ever seasick.’
‘Then let me tell you. It’s to  "stand under a tree”.’
‘Johnny, that’s good. That’s very, very good.’
‘I wanted her to have them. Now I wish I’d never seen them. Cutter, what would you have done in my place?’
‘I guess, Johnny, if I’m honest. I guess I’d have kept them. Same as you. Only I’d have been more stupid. I’d have kept them in my flat so they’d have found them the first time they looked. Johnny, don’t be too hard on yourself. Besides, we need to find Sandies and Bev if we’re to help them.’
‘What can we do if we do find them?’
‘I’ve been thinking about that, Johnny?’
‘Yes?’
‘And I reckon that as long as Bev’s with her then we’re okay. We can tell him where the diamonds are and he can tell Larry.’
‘Cutter, brilliant.’
‘Once they have them back they’re bound to let them go. Don’t you think, Johnny.’
‘Sure.’
‘You don’t sound so convinced, Johnny? Don’t you think they’ll let them go, Johnny? Once they’ve got what it is they want from them. Don’t you, Johnny? Now why you looking all downcast again?’
‘Larry letting them go? No, I can’t see that myself.’
‘Johnny, what if we can get them all to come out here. Then maybe we could help Sandies and Bev escape. What you say to that as an idea, Johnny?’
‘Escape from Larry? No, Cutter, judging by his past performance he doesn’t seem to let people go that easily. We need to get the police to pick them up when they retrieve the diamonds.’
‘Johnny, how we going to do that?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Johnny, what if one of Larry’s men could see us. Then we could tell him and he could tell Larry and then Sandies wouldn’t have to be involved at all.’
‘And if one of his men can’t see us?’
‘Oh, Johnny, is this hopeless?’
‘No, Cutter, not hopeless while we’re still alive -! Okay, bad simile.’
‘Johnny, didn’t you say you’d some money stashed away in a car behind the club?’
‘No, I didn’t.’
‘Someone did,’ Cutter remembers.
‘Not me.’
‘But you did have a stash there? Didn’t you, Johnny?’
‘How you know about that?’
‘If you didn’t tell me perhaps it was Charlie who said something. Did he know about it, Johnny?’
‘He could have.’
‘So you’ve a stash hidden in an old car behind the B-G Club.’
‘Yes, but what’s that got to do with anything?’
‘Johnny, does Sandies know about it?’
‘Yes.’
‘So when they asked her where your stash is she’ll think that’s what they’re talking about. The cash in the car behind the club. But that’s all she can tell them. Is it, Johnny?’
‘And then they’d go there and when they find that the diamonds aren’t there they’ll be really pleased with her! Cutter, are you trying to depress me even more than I am already?’
‘No, Johnny. Hear me out. If Sandies tells them about the cash in the car behind the B-G then won’t they go there? And take Sandies and Bev with them.’
‘They could. But if Charlie knew about it he must already have told them.’
‘But it’s worth a look, isn’t it, Johnny?’
‘I guess we can’t delay it any longer. Come on Cutter, ghost busters to the rescue.’
‘I’m right alongside you, Johnny. Lick-a-de-spit and then some.’


Chapter 20

‘Beverley, wake up. Oh, please wake up and talk to me. I know this isn’t working out how we’d intended it would. Beverley, can you hear me?’ Sandra asks as she looks around the outer room to Jack’s old office in the B-G Club.
‘Sandra, is that you? I think…  Oh, god, my head. What happened?’
‘They hit you. Don’t you remember? No, don’t try to get up; not yet anyway. They were at the flat when we got back from the pub. They’d turned the place over and when we walked in they knocked you out cold and dragged me kicking and screaming to the waiting van.’ 
‘Sandra, I don’t remember any of it.’
‘Can you sit up?’
‘Oh, Sandra, I hurt everywhere there is to hurt.’
‘Then don’t try to move. Just stay there.’
‘Lying on the floor. No thanks. This place stinks of death. Sandra, there’re so many ghosts in this room that you just wouldn’t believe it.’
‘Beverley, we had an agreement. No ghost stuff with me; that’s always been the arrangement. I’ll put that slip down to you still being concussed.’
‘I’m seeing very clearly and, Sandra, there are two, no three ghosts in this room and not one of them’s Jack or Cutter.’
‘Are you sure that’s not just the affect of the knock on your head? You took quite a beating you know.’
‘They’re smiling at you. I think they know you. Yes, they appear to know and like you. Actually you, in that dress, I think I know you. Well at least I know we’ve met before. Are you the guide for someone I helped?’
Sandra tries to gain his attention, ‘Beverley, look at me. No, over here towards me. I’m over here. Turn this way. God! I hate it when you go all glassed-eyed on me and fix your gaze into the middle distance. Beverley, it’s me. This way damn you!’
‘I do know you,’ Beverley continues his conversation with his unseen friend. ‘Sorry, I can’t remember your name?’
‘Forget her. Focus on me. I’m here, flesh, blood and whatever she is, she isn’t either. Beverley, it’s me, Sandra your -.’
‘I wasn’t talking to you. I was addressing her over there in the red and gold dress with that stunning if slightly unusual necklace -! Oh, sorry, I didn’t realise it wasn’t a necklace,’ Beverley blushes.
‘Beverley, we’re all alone. The room’s not even lit. It’s early evening and you’ve had a knock on your head. You’ve been unconscious for almost three hours. Beverley, love, you’re seeing shadows not ghosts. Don’t you remember what happened when we got back to the flat and the two men were waiting for us? Beverley, think, please try to remember. You were knocked out cold. Do you remember that? Then they brought us here in the back of a van that smelt as if it had been used for carrying leather goods. Beverley, don’t you remember anything? We were dumped in this room and you’ve been unconscious on the floor for about three hours. Beverley, I’m freezing and desperate to pee. I can’t take you going off into your other world right now. So, please, stay with me. No ghosts. Not now, please? I beg of you, just this once, do it for me?’
‘So you know where we are?’ Beverley asks.
‘Yes. It’s the place Johnny used to own the B-G Club. He sold it to someone he thought was a dick-head who wouldn’t be able to make it pay. Seems like Mr Larry the Lamb had the last laugh. Okay the place’s been closed for almost a year but it seems that was all part of his elaborate plan.’
‘It’s in a mess to say it’s only been empty a short while.’
‘Beverley, where’re you looking? It’s actually quite tidy. Okay it’s dusty but it looks as if it’s ready for business. Okay, the smell’s not terrific. Guess its kids. You know what they’re like.’
‘No, Sandra, and with your training I’d have expected you to know better. This is a charnel house.’
‘Beverley, I’ve warned you before. Now stop this.’
‘But it is.’
‘Right now.’
‘Sandra -.’
‘Beverley Berkshire, you’re freaking me out. So stop it. I’ve already asked you, nicely, and you’re still doing it! Beverley, I’m serious. I can’t take any of this ghost crap, not now.’
‘I’m only saying what’s true.’
‘Then don’t say it. Keep it to yourself. I don’t want to know. Please, Beverley, please just don’t talk to me of things like that.’
‘Things, Sandra, that you don’t understand?’
‘That’s not what I mean and you know it. Besides, don’t patronise me.’
‘Well?’ Beverley asks.
‘Okay then. Things I don’t want to understand.’
‘Sandra, love. We’re being warned very clearly that unless we do something quickly this is the end of the line for both of us.’
‘Is that what your little ghost friends are saying to you?’
‘Sandra, in that room, the one behind us through that door -.’
‘What door?’
‘Over there. If you look carefully you can make out the door frame. It’s a slightly thicker line than the pattern in the paper.’
Sandra walks quickly to the indicated spot and is annoyed with herself when she actually finds a concealed doorway. 
‘So it is,’ she admits. ‘When did you see that? I hadn’t even noticed it.’
‘To be honest, Sandra, neither had I. They pointed it out. If they hadn’t then I’d not have spotted it either. I guess they’ve been here longer then us and had time to look the place over.’
‘Are you suggesting that I didn’t look the place over when we got here?’
‘No, I wasn’t suggesting that at all.’
‘Well I can tell you I did. First I made sure you were okay. Then I gave the room a throu … I did. I’m telling you, Beverley, I checked for doors. I did.’
‘It’s well disguised,’ Beverley notes.
‘When I couldn’t find one I sat here watching you breathe and noticing, through that dirty window, how slow the sun’s progress across the sky was. I couldn’t think of anything but you lying motionless on the floor. I guess that’s why I didn’t see the bloody door. And you see it the minute you wake.’
‘It’s not a competition, Sandra. Besides, I did have it pointed out to me.’
‘Whatever. It’s still a fact that I’ve not even tried to see what’s through there. I guess they’re right in a highly emotional state your training can desert you. But, that doesn’t need to stop us now; does it? I’ll take a look. See if we can get out that way.’
‘Sandra, it’s the office.’
‘Is that all? I went there once when Johnny owned this place. If I remember rightly Johnny deliberately made sure his office was an internal room. There’s no natural light or escape. I guess then our only chance’s to smash the glass in the sky-light, over there, and get out that way. What do you think? I’ll tell you what; there may be something heavy in the office to smash it with. I’ll go see if -.’ As she speaks she gets up off the floor and Beverly yells at her.
‘No! Whatever you do don’t open that door. Sandra, I’m warning you. Step away from the door and come back here.’
‘What’s the big deal? I was only going to look in the office for something heavy to break the window with.’
‘Sandra, I’m sorry. Before you go in there, before we both go in there, there is something you have to know. And you have to hear what I’m about to say. Because I am about to tell you what future awaits us if we go in there.’
‘Go on, I’m listening.’
‘I can tell that you are but, Sandra, are you actually hearing me?’
‘I get the meaning. Okay, Beverley, I’m hearing you. Just get on with it.’
‘The format is that we’re left in here to get very cold, hungry and frightened. They then come back and question us. No matter what we tell them they’ll eventually take us into the office through that door. As you pointed out it’s a room without escape. If we allow ourselves to be taken through that door we’ll be killed. There’s no alternative. If we enter that room we’re dead; both of us. Dead no ifs no buts just dead. Have I made myself clear?’
‘Sweeten the message why don’t you? Besides, how do you know? No! Don’t tell me. The ghosts told you.’
‘Yes, Sandra, the ghosts that only exist in my mind, told me. But there’s more.’
‘Go on, it can’t get much worse, can it?’
‘To make us compliant, in our own deaths, in that room we’ll be shown the remains of their other victims.’
‘You’re telling me that on the other side of that door is a dead body?’
‘No, three dead bodies. And one of them’s been dead for a long, long time.’
‘Ugh!’
‘Sandra, let’s be clear. Through that door, in the office are the bodies of …' Beverley inclines his head as he listens to his invisible friends. He looks confused. 'Sorry, I didn’t catch that? No, sorry it still sounds like pot.’
‘I know someone called Pot. He played with Chemists Potion. He was good. Best of the bunch. Well I thought so. I believe he went to the States.’
Beverley smiles as he observes, ‘I didn’t know ghosts could blush. So it is Pot. Well hello, Pot. Oh, so you’re all from the band?’
‘Beverley, you’re scaring me. Stop it right now?’
‘Sandra, it’s rude to interrupt when someone else is speaking. Besides they’re on our side and they are really trying to help us get away from here with our lives. Did you know someone called -? Now, I remember you. Trish, isn’t it? Sorry I didn’t recognise you before. And I’m sorry about earlier on, when I thought that…’ with his hands Beverley indicates the cut around her throat, ‘…was a necklace. It’s just that I’ve never seen anyone with a cut … slit … Sorry. I guess I’ll just shut up. But you are the same Trish I saw at Jacks funeral, aren’t you?’ 
‘Trish? You’re now seeing Trish McPherson? Beverley, are you hallucinating? God, now I remember why I couldn’t live with you. Can we come back to reality, please? This is earth calling Mr Ghost Whisperer, please come in.’ 
‘Sandra, I have in front of me the ghosts of Pot, Trish and Hip-O. They say they were all members of a band that went by the name of Chemist Potion. Apparently Pot’s been watching us and he knows that Charlie, Johnny and Cutter are dead. They say to say hello to you and ask you not to fear them. They assure me that they’re here to help. Sandra, you’ve gone awfully pale.’
‘Gone pale? Gone pale, is it any wonder when my home’s trashed, my man knocked unconscious and I’m brought to an abandoned dump to be murdered and before all that I’m told that right now there are three pairs of dead eyes staring at me. And you ask me why I’ve gone pale? Beverley, I’ve told you before, I just can’t take this. And you know it! I’m trained to deal in facts not in ghost stories.’
‘No, actually there are now four pairs of eyes. Hello, I’m Beverley Berkshire. By the way the others are greeting you, you must be, Charlie.’
‘Beverley, stop this. You’re hallucinating. Please, stop it. Just come and sit over here with me.’
‘Good to meet you, Charlie. I guess you were murdered as well?’
‘Beverly, okay, so they’re dead. So talk to me and not to the ghosts in your head, please?’
‘Sorry, Sandra, I was just finishing a conversation, excuse me. Sorry, Charlie, so the whole band’s dead. Well, you’ll get to make beautiful music in heaven together. I guess you’ll get to meet Beethoven, Mozart and -. And they’re not your bag, did you say? You’d prefer to meet the Big Bopper, whoever they, or it, was and Elvis. Well even I know who Elvis is. Whatever your bag is, I’m sure you’ll make wonderful music in heaven.’
‘That’s good, because I’ll tell you this for nothing. That Johnny Bee isn’t going to get to heaven. He brought this on us,’ Charlie announces to the approval of, almost, the whole group.
‘That’s unfair. Johnny wasn’t alone, was he, Charlie?’ 
‘Trish, why you always standing up for Johnny when he got you killed as well?’
‘Please, Spirit friends,’ Beverley interjects. ‘I don’t want to be selfish, but please, can you keep the recriminations until Sandra and I have escaped? I appreciate that you’ve all got justifiable grudges against Johnny. But that doesn’t extend to Sandra and I, does it?’
‘Beverley.’ Sandra sighs, ‘Okay I give in. If you can’t beat them then join ‘em. That’s what my mother used to say. So okay, Beverley, do you really think your ghost friends will help us escape?’
‘Sandra, how long have you known me? So you should know by now that they prefer the name “spirit". Ghost is so … so worldly.’
‘Okay, Beverley, as you say. Please spirit friends, will you help us?’
‘Sandra, can you see them as well?’
‘No, Beverley. All I can see is you and me alone in a room that’s growing darker and darker with each passing second as our chances of escape slip away. If you what to know the truth I really believe, in my heart of hearts, that you’ve finally flipped. That blow must have caused more damage than I thought. But I’m accepting it now. Fact, you’re off your rocker. But as you seem to be taking all this in your stride I guess I may as well play along with you and hope that I can go mad as well. Then perhaps the last few hours, I have left on this earth, will seem okay. In which case I reckon insanity’s got a lot going for it. Beverley, I’m shit scared and you’re peddling me ghost stories. Why couldn’t I have fallen for a normal person?’
‘Good, come in boys, and what do we have here. The love birds talking? I hope, Miss Bell, you were talking about your ex-lover Johnny Bee?’ Mr Lamb asks as he walks in behind the beam emitted by a very powerful torch.
‘And you are? I can’t see you with that torch in your hand. If you point it, in the other direction, then I’d be able to see who’s actually addressing me. Look, please, I’m asking nicely. Will you shine it away from my eyes?’ Sandra asks as she shields her eyes from the beam.
‘You’ve no need to see me, Miss Bell. But I need to see you. Please will you resume your seat and you as well, Mr Berkshire? Please, if you’d like to take that chair there. The one that’s placed next to Miss Bell’s. That’s so cooperative of you both, thank you. Cooperating here is well rewarded. Now, Miss Bell, if I can start with you?’
‘What are you going to do with us?’ Beverley demands.
‘For the moment, Mr Berkshire, I’ll ask the questions. Besides I was addressing Miss Bell, not you. Now, if you’ll just tell me the truth you’ll soon both be free to go home.’
‘Why are we here?’ Sandra demands.
‘I don’t like to be interrupted, Miss Bell. Please, just answer my questions. When my boys came to see you, at your flat, they found a card from your boyfriend.’
‘It was nice of him, don’t you think. The day after I scattered his ashes a card arrives with some flowers. Your boys crushed them into my carpet. I’ll expect compensation for that. And all the other damage they caused.’
‘Damage caused by my boys? I’m sure they took the greatest of care. Didn’t you boys? See nods all round, Miss Bell. Oh, sorry you can’t see them, can you? They’re behind the light. Let me assure you that they’re here with me. And that they did take extra special care when visiting your flat earlier today.’
‘They trashed the place. I don’t know what they were looking for. I could have told them there was nothing there to find.’
‘But we did find something, didn’t we boys? Miss Bell, we found a card. An incriminating card, from beyond the grave, with a coded message on it.’
‘Look, it’s the type of thing My Johnny does – did! If you really must know. But in reality I guess it’s really none of your damn business. If you must know I’ve had two cards from him after he’d quote, died, unquote. The first was after the funeral, when I got that bracelet that your boys ripped from around my wrist. It’s solid silver. But I guess, judging by the way they grabbed at it, they thought it was solid platinum. You should have seen the way they snatched it.’
‘It had a message on it. Tell me, Sandra, what did he mean by it?’
‘Sandra, is it now?
‘Sorry, do you prefer, Miss Bell. I apologise. I hate to upset a lady. So please, Miss Bell, what did he mean by his message?’
‘I can’t remember. If I had it I could look at it and remind myself what it said. But as it was taken from me, I can’t. So I can’t help you. Sorry.’
‘Miss Bell, I’d have thought that you’d have learnt the message off by heart. What with you being so newly widowed. Oh, forgive me, you and Johnny never did marry, did you? So technically you’re not his widow.’
‘I’m still in mourning for someone I loved.’
‘Are you now?’ Mr Lamb asks.
‘And I fail to see what all this has to do with you?’
‘Then let me refresh your memory, Miss Bell, and bring you back to the bracelet. It had a message engraved on the back. That’s the side that’s worn closest to the body. It reads in copperplate lettering “the best remedy for seasickness”. Now what type of message is that to send to a lover?’
‘A very good message. If your lover’s me and the dead man’s Johnny Bee.’
‘Miss Bell, please just tell me what the message means?’
‘I was as sick as a dog when Johnny took me sailing. I hated what he loved best. And he gave it up for me. Don’t you think that a reminder of such a sacrifice, made willingly, is a message of love? It was personal, intimate and, and as evidenced by your inability to understand it, it was only ever meant to be meaningful to me. And it touched me so much that even now it can bring a lump to my throat. Sorry, were you expecting more?’
‘Miss Bell, forgive me but you’ve still not explained the message.’
‘I got seasick and the remedy for seasickness is to stand under a tree and thus not to go sailing. That’s it! There is no more. Does that help?’
‘Then you get a card and flowers.’
‘Yes, he was kind. He’d planned all this. It was so like him. He was so thoughtful.’
‘Now it’s strange you should bring that up. You see, Miss Bell, I have asked all the members of Chemist Potion if they though Johnny Bee was thoughtful. And do you know what they all said? To a man, or woman, they all said that he was an out and out bastard, selfish and a sod. Strange but thoughtful wasn’t a word that any of them associated with him. And yet it’s the first one that you use. I wonder why, Miss Bell?’
‘I guess I was his lover and they were colleagues and friends. Next time, I catch up with them, I’ll ask them myself.’
‘You may be meeting them sooner than you think?’
‘That’ll be nice,’ Sandra snaps back to Lamb’s snide comment.
‘Won’t it? Now, these flowers, sent with a card that read “I’m with them”. Now, Sandra, sorry, Miss Bell. What’s that about?’
‘He’s with them, the angels. He’s in heaven playing the drums for God. What you think it means?’
‘Don’t get smart with me. You’re a bright woman, Sandra. I’ll tell you what. Let’s play fantasy guessing games. Let’s pretend that Johnny had something that didn’t belong to him and that he was trying to tell you where he’d hidden it.’
‘Okay, if that’s what you want to do. But do I have to remind you that he’s dead?’
‘But supposing, just say for arguments sake, that Johnny knew that his days were numbered. So he planned all this before his untimely demise. Let’s work on that hypotheses and see how far it takes us, can we?’
‘You obviously didn’t know him very well. You see, as much as I loved the man, Johnny just wasn’t that bright. Still, if that’s what you want to do, I’m happy to play along.’ 
‘Wasn’t he, Miss Bell? But I know for a fact that he’s sent you coded messages from the grave. Hasn’t he? He sent the bracelet and flowers. Now, Miss Bell, I just need you to tell me what they mean and then you both can go home.’
‘Now you’ve got me. Johnny, sending coded messages from the grave? I’ve already told you he wasn’t that bright.’
‘But he has. I repeat, he sent you a bracelet and flowers. And each time you receive something from him you change your plans. A bracelet arrives and you scatter his ashes in a field. Why did you do that?’
‘I felt like it.’
‘Sandra, I don’t think this conversation is going at all well. Perhaps you’d like to be more cooperative? And to encourage you, what if I get one of my boys to teach your friend his second lesson of the night?’
‘What’s Beverley got to do with me and Johnny?’
‘What indeed? Now talking to you, Mr Magic.’
‘I’m not a magician; I communicate with the departed in the afterlife.’ Beverly retorts.
‘Well then you should be very busy here.’
‘Actually, now you mention it, I am,’ Beverley confesses.
‘You trying to frighten us? Tell us ghost stories and give us sleepless nights, is that it?’ Lamb jokes.
‘No. I’m just telling you what I see and hear. Behind you, over to the right, standing in the corner is Trish McPherson. She had her throat slit by one of your boys. I can’t see him myself but she says it’s the one who’s stood on your right hand side. He’s got the very knife, the one he used on her, in his left pocket. She says that he’s just put his hand on it.’
‘How you know that?’ the man in question asks.
‘Easy, Joe. He’s clever. Mind tricks are his trade. Good guess, Mr Magician, who isn’t a magician. Perhaps you missed your true vocation. Now try another.’
‘Behind you. And I cannot see this because that light’s so bright and shining directly into my eyes and so putting you all in heavy shadow. But I’m reliable informed that, behind you, with his arms raised above your head is the ghost of Charles –. You look shocked. Didn’t you know he’d died? I guess not. Well you did leave him for dead at the 69 Club. Yes he’s told me all about that. He’s managed to come over here to join the party. Just in front of you. No, he’s now moved, he’s standing just behind you is the ghost of Hip-O. I’m not sure that really is his name. But it’s the name he told me to use. He’s actually …No. Can you feel the hairs on the back of your neck starting to stand up and react to something? Something you can’t detect? Are they standing up, Mr Lamb? Are they trying to crawl right off of your scalp? Of course they are. That’s your greeting from Hip-O’s who’s just trying to be friendly.’
‘Seems like you’ve got the full band here. You see, Mr Magic, I’m just not that scared of ghosts.’
‘That’s good. There’s nothing to be scared of; unless you’ve upset them. Do you want me to ask them if they’re upset with you? Oh look there’s Pot, I forgot to mention him. It was him that told me what you’d done. And now look -! Damn. No. Oh that’s not on! Look, guys don’t fight among yourselves. Stop it. Stop this at once,’ Beverley commands.
‘Beverley, what you doing? Stop it! Haven’t we enough to deal with? Beverley, you’re gawping again, it’s unnerving me,’ Sandra desperately tries to reason with him.
‘Please,’ Lambs asks in soothing tones, ‘Mr Magic, you’re upsetting the lady. We can’t have that. So stop all this silly talk and let’s get back to the real reason why we’re here?’
‘Sandra, you probably don’t want to hear this,’ Beverley continues ignoring both interjections. ‘But in case you’re wondering, why the spirits have started arguing among themselves, Jack and Cutter have just arrived.’
‘This guy’s priceless,’ Lamb says laughing. ‘He’s conjuring up ghosts left right and centre. Tell you what, Mr Magic, why bother to summon up these has-beens? If you’re that good why don’t you call me up some real ghosts? Some ghosts from history that can teach me a thing or two. I challenge you to get me some real ghosts who’ve something to teach the world. A direct challenge, tell me, are you up to it?’
‘Lamb, I suggest you’re careful with your challenges,’ Beverley advises firmly.
‘Good. Now I challenge you to conjure up the ghosts of Hitler, or Attila the Hun, or Jack the Ripper and what you offer me? You give me these has-beens. Come on, what are you waiting for? Go on get me someone really evil. Can’t you do it? Now boys what you say to his ghost stories?’
‘Lamb, I strongly advise that you don’t mock what you don’t understand. You see ghosts don’t need daylight to see by. And they aren’t affected by bright lights. Yes, Lamb I know who you are because, as I said before, they told me. And you know what’s obvious to me? It’s obvious to me that you don’t know what you’re dealing with.’
‘I do, it’s a stubborn copper, a crackpot and a motley selection of mythical musical ghosts. Oh, I’m so scared. Okay, Mr Beverley Berkshire, tell them to do their worst -.’
‘No!’


Chapter 21

I guess it’s about time for me to take over the narration again. We're actually getting to a very interesting part. 
Before I continue let me introduce myself. I appreciate that it’s at a late stage in the narration but there really wasn’t an opportunity before.
I’m the musician they’ve all been calling Pot. I gather there’s been several attempted explanation of my nick name. Suffice it to say that I was a fully paid up child of the 60’s. I’m also the co-founder of Chemist Potion, or CP as those in the know call us. Me and Charlie started the band and decided on the name. And what did we mean by it? Everyone asks that. And everyone gets the same answer; “it’s whatever it is that you need to get from the chemist”. But no one’s ever satisfied with that. So we stopped saying it. Instead we just touch a forefinger against a nostril and smile. That appeared to have more credibility and we became whatever anyone wanted us to be. Which was what we’d started out to be in the first place. And for a band, trying to play to the largest possible audiences, that ain’t a bad place to be. Back to the founding of CP. I liked to play music and Charlie liked to organise things. So I left all that up to him. Eventually he took over the full management role so I guess you could say I was side-lined to where I’d wanted to be all along. So he was happy an I was happy. Good working arrangement that. History lesson over. I just wanted to give you some feel for why I’d taken such an interest in the goings on of all the members of CP.
I was actually the first to be killed. So I had the unique opportunity to watch all the unfolding events as they happened, with interest, and to aid your understanding by adding the occasional bit of narration when I thought the story needed it.
You may be wondering why Beverley screamed the word “No” when Lamb set out his challenge. Well I’ll tell you. And this may surprise you. It’s common knowledge that Dracula -. Yes he does exist. I met him when I was newly dead. He wasn’t interested in me. He claimed I’d lost too much blood to be of any interest to a hungry vampire. I digress. However it’s well known that Dracula cannot enter your house unless you specifically invite him in. But once he’s been invited in he’s free to do whatever he wants to you. But that’s another story. And as this isn’t a ghost story: but a real life crime story of everyday living and dead folks I’ll just stick to the facts. 
Fact one, spirits cannot interfere with the living unless the living invite them to do so. The act of inviting spirits to come into your world is known as “Whistling up a spirit”. I don’t know why; it just is. So when Lamb issued his direct challenge, what he inadvertently did was to “Whistle up a spirit”. And in his case six angry spirits. So once he’d voiced his invitation he opened the flood gates and let us all in. So that’s why Beverley screamed. He knew what would happen.
Beverley’s a surprising guy. His next act was to pull Sandra into a corner of the room and try and shield her with his body. Meanwhile he was laughing and at one point he was actually heard to scream, in a very theatrical manner, “let battle commence”. So it did.
As the words melted on Lamb’s tongue I was the first to act. Well I’ve been dead the longest. I snatched the torch, out of the hand that was holding it, and smashed it on the floor. The bulb exploded like a bomb going off. As I looked into the eyes, of the man who had been holding it, they rewarded me by showing the fear, in him, that I’d felt the night that they had me on the ground and were kicking and punching me. I can tell you, when I saw that look in his eyes, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Trish was next to realise we could fight back. She grabs at the first thing that comes to hand. And it just happened to be the hair of the guy who’d slit her throat. She roughly pulls him to the ground. And as his body makes contact with the hard floor she kicks him in the kidneys. He screams in pain so she starts pummelling him. At that point I turn around just in time to see Johnny and Charlie set about Lamb. 
Lamb has his arms over his head and is screeching something I can’t make out. I guess he’s begging for mercy but it’s too early in the game. We’ve waited a long time for this and we’re not going to let it go cheaply.
Cutter’s raining blows on top of Lamb while emitting what I can only describe as an un-deadly laugh. It’s a sort of low pitched yet screeching sound that penetrates the ear drums and makes the living cry out. The more they scream the louder Cutter gets until all five living people were writhing in agony as wave upon wave of sound smashes into their eardrums. It’s as he notices the affect he’s having on Sandra, that Cutter stops and the room falls deadly silent. Silent except for the sound of objects being pushed deep into living human flesh.
Then Hip-O runs at all three of the gang and sort of drags, pulls and pushes them into a heap. As he smashes his bulk into them an assortment of weaponry falls from their pockets and momentarily lands on the floor. I say momentarily because the array of knives, guns and knuckle dusters are scattered to the four corners of the room as unruly feet are dragged reluctantly across the ground. An unseen force drags them first this way and then that way. It's as if it's unable to make its mind up. Hip-O then deposits them one on top of the other before he himself climbs on top of them and sits astride the pile cross legged like some Middle Eastern potentate. While all the time this wriggling mass of inhuman humanity struggles to get out from under the invisible weight. 
Trish is the first to see the potential. She dashes up and takes a knife out of an inside pocket. The owner, who’s been holding onto it, feels the movement and tries to prevent it. He grabs at nothing. He screams as his favourite knife appears to float in mid-air in front of his eyes. A gun’s similarly taken. Its owner too scared to protest or even try to stop it happening. The gun’s tossed from one ghost to another with apparent indifference to its hair-line trigger. 
Suddenly, in the hands of Trish, the gun takes on a more purposeful movement. The trio call out in unison as they see, to all intents and purposes, a gun making slow and deliberate progress towards them. They cannot take their eyes off it. They watch a high powered, medium sized and heavy gun apparently cross the room unaided. The gun, suspended in mid-air, sways from side to side in a small yet controlled arch that takes in each of the gang members in turn. They can’t see Trish as she points it while slowly walking towards them. She smiles. It’s a pity they can’t see her two rows of perfect teeth. In life she had been a beautiful woman. She raises the gun. She tosses it in the air gently. The trio scream and cover their heads with their arms. She executes a perfect catch as the gun falls past her face. She twirls it around her right index finger until she stops the motion by grasping the nuzzle in her left hand. She walks to the trio and without flinching she proceeds to pistol-whip each and every one of them in turn. First once, then twice and then repeatable until she tires and the blows lessen in ferocity. Their cries fill the room as they beg for mercy from an unseen force. With almost passing disinterest Trish hands the gun to Charlie. He takes it and watches her as she walks to the other side of the room.
The trio scream as they watch the gun apparently gain height. It then turns towards Beverley and Sandra. Who, by this time have returned to their chairs, are watching the show and laughing. The gun apparently motions to them and instantly Beverley shakes his head.
Beverley declines the offer with a smile in his voice. He speaks for both of them.
‘We’re just beginning to enjoy the show. Don’t think we’re ready to join in. Not just yet. But you never know what we’ll feel like later. Please, Charlie, be my guest. Do your worst. Besides, at the moment, you’ve rather more to avenge yourselves for than either Sandra or I have. Providing you leave them alive we’ll see our justice done in the court room.’
The gun spins in mid-air. The trio watch as once again the gun makes contact with the side of a face here, the top of a head there and every limb that’s systematically exposed. Hip-O is orchestrating the whole event. He’s continually wriggling on top of the pile. He allows an arm here or a leg there to escape before re-capturing it. He’s like a cat with a mouse. Playing, toying, torturing; anything and everything that he can get away with. And as a spirit he can get away with a lot. 
Charlie smiles as he places the gun into Cutters waiting hands. Cutter runs it along the exposed flesh and then indicates to Hip-O to get off them and to let them run free.
Instantly Hip-O gets up the three are on their feet with their unseen foes all around them. Their armaments have been kicked to the far corners of the room. Between them and their weapons stand an invisible army. The trio start to inch their way towards each other until their backs are touching. Then back to back they prepare to fight their unseen foe. 
Us spirits then make a tight circle around them. Johnny and me stand between the trio and Sandra and Beverley. As we close ranks Beverley lifts the chair he’s been sitting on. He smashes it on the floor before picking up the four individual legs and cross bars. He draws our attention with a thumb and middle finger whistle. I actually think that’s quite a girlie way to whistle. But I’m not going to argue with him. Beverley tosses one leg to Johnny, one to Cutter and the other one to me. He hands the cross bars to Sandra keeping a chair leg for himself. He then starts to bash it into the open palm of his left hand like some practiced gangster in an American B movie.
Meanwhile Sandra puts the wooden cross bars down on her chair. She’s noticed that the weapons are scattered all over the place. She leaves the relative safety of her chair and starts to collect them up. Beverley calls to her.
‘Sandra, love. Throw a gun to Trish,’ he suggests.
‘Throw a gun?’ Sandra demands not bothering to hide her shock. ‘Beverley, you mad? Didn’t you learn anything in basic training?’
‘She’s dead, Sandra. It can’t hurt her even if it goes off. Sandra, forget training. The rules don’t apply here. For once, do as I ask, throw her a gun.’
‘No!’ Sandra insists.
‘Sandra! Look, I know you were rivals. But this really isn’t the time for petty jealousies. Go on, she’s asking for a gun. You’ve seen what she can do with one.’
‘What do you mean we were once rivals?’
‘Sandra, this isn’t the time. Just throw Trish a gun.’
‘I would if I could see her. Remember, Beverley, I don’t have your gift. Where the hell is she? I can’t see her, even if you can. So where would you like me to throw the gun?’
‘She’s over by the door. Just throw a gun in the general direction of the door and she’ll catch it.’
‘And what if one of them catches it instead?’
‘Sandra, who in their right mind’s going to try to catch a flying gun? Especially if it has the safety off?’ Beverley suggests.
‘Probably the same stupid person as the one who’d throw it, in that condition, in the first place?’ Sandra fumes.
‘Sandra, please, just throw the damn thing.’
‘You’re mad! You’re all mad. Okay I’ll gladly do as you ask. I may as well go mad and die here as live like this.’
‘Sandra, throw it where ever you want. Trish’ll catch it.’
And she does. And she does. And it does go off.
At the expected explosion everyone in the room, both living and the dead, jump. We spirits recover first and, as one, we take a step closer to the trio. Trish who’s since picked up the smoking gun drops it and demands a chair leg. Beverley, who’s still holding onto his, brings it into the palm of his hand one last time. Then he tosses it high in the air in the general direction of Trish. Lamb reaches for it but misses. Both his henchmen simultaneously make a dive for it. They both miss. While Trish with poise, grace and determination catches it perfectly.
As the smoke clears Hip-O and Charlie signal to Beverley that they also want chair legs. Beverley smashes the other chair. He tosses them each a leg. Then with each spirit armed the fun really begins.
It’s an interesting sight. Three man standing back to back, inch their way round and round in a very tight circle. They’re trying to make sense of what it is that’s actually happening to them. They can see nothing. Except the small rivulets of blood that stain their clothing before dropping to the floor.
They look out upon a room that’s apparently empty, except for two people, one woman and one man. 
The woman’s pre-occupied collecting weapons and dropping them out of reach. She then gingerly makes her way around the perimeter of the room and back towards Beverley. 
The man’s bashing a chair leg into his hand with an uneven rhythm that’s almost mesmerising. We spirits pick up the beat and “go with it, Man”.
In front of the trio, about chest height, suspended unaided in mid-air are six individual chair legs, each one making a similar movement. Up, down, stab. Up, down stab. Up down stab. The same beat that Beverley started, only we're doing it with more grace. 
With a smile on his face, that’s as board as his shoulders, Beverley starts to conduct, very badly, his invisible orchestra with his chair leg.
The trio are breathing heavily and looking at each other. They’re constantly rotating and glancing from chair leg to chair leg to chair leg and from human friend to invisible foe.
Lamb indicates to one of his Henchmen to try to break free. He tries. He fails as is instantly fought back by blows from Hip-O and Charlie. 
Under the confusion Lamb yells at the other one to run to the door. The minion moves. He’s felled instantly by a powerful blow from Trish who’s been conveniently standing, unseen, between him and his desired escape route. Holding her chair leg at arm’s length she brings it down on top of his head as he crawls along the floor back towards Lamb and what he hopes is sanctuary. Trish has obviously got her strength back.
The only one not to have moved, Lamb, stands motionless in the centre of the room. 
The trio reunite. At the issue of an unspoken command they inch their way over to the chair that Lamb had used. They reach it and each one manages to make contact with a single leg. As each one pulls on one of the legs the chair lifts in the air. The chair swings violently. The circle of spirits draws near. Charlie brings his chair leg down heavily on one set of knuckles. They open and the chair falls towards the other two. The falling chair’s grasped firmer by the remaining two. White flesh shows above blood soaked knuckles. Johnny raises his chair leg, smiles into the unseeing eyes of Lamb and slowly, deliberately slowly brings it down on already bruised fingers. Realising what’s about to happen Lamb let’s go of the chair which catches the last man in the crotch and causes him to stumble backwards. 
As the other man staggers Cutter drops to the floor and crouches just behind the falling figure. He holds his chair leg at a 90 degrees angle to the floor. The figure falls backwards with the movement and the weight of the chair. He makes contact with Cutter’s chair leg. He stumbles, falls, tries to up-right himself, fails and crashes through Cutter to land at the feet of Hip-O who brings his chair leg down making heavy contact with the left side of his face. Cutter glides up and together, Cutter and Hip-O, beat the other man while he staggers back to the centre of the circle.
The trio re-form their tight, tiny circle. They take tiny steps to their left while looking in disbelief at the chair legs, apparently suspended in mid-air. They assess the situation and each looks for an escape route. Hands in vain search pockets for weapons that may have been overlooked. They take their eyes off the chair legs and glance at each other.
A sound causes them to look up and break their circle. They’re now standing in a straight line. A knife flies past just nicking the tip of an ear. A voice screams. It’s Beverley’s.
‘Guys, remember whose side we’re on. It’s yours.’ Beverley turns round and removes the knife from the wall behind his head. ‘Glad that wasn’t my ear. Would you like this back?’ he asks before tossing it across the room with a lack of concern that has to be seen to be believed. 
The trio duck as the knife glides through the air before embedding itself in the door. Trish removes it before retrieving the collection of weapons that Sandra’s placed, unknowingly, at her feet. With great joy she gently tosses first one knife, then another and then another. With growing rapidity a small collection of knives leaves her hands and fly randomly around the room.
Beverley yells, ‘No, this isn’t a safe game for –! Shit, Guys, watch it! This’s turning out not to be a suitable spectator sport after all.’ 
And you know what? I started to feel sorry for him and Sandra. You see until then they’d been perfectly safe from our action. But if you’re alive you cannot be protected from a knife throwing spirit, who can’t be held accountable for their actions, can you?
Naturally, as we’re already dead, it doesn’t matter how or where we throw them. So we close our eyes and toss them up high. We turn our backs and fling them wide. Or we crouch down low and scuttle them across the floor. The trio, in the middle of the room, are required to do a “dodge the knife” dance that’s ungraceful, ungainly, dangerous and yet deadly funny.
As with most things, Trish’s the first to experiment. She turns around and flings the knife in the air with total disregard as to where it lands. Or who it lands on on the way down. She giggles. And I mean a real deep giggle. So I gave it a go as does Cutter and Charlie. 
If I’m honest, to start with, Jack’s a bit less enthusiastic than the rest of us. In fact he breaks the circle to usher Sandra and Beverley to the door and appears to be begging them to leave. He then turns to face us just as a knife flies straight through his midriff. He snatches at it, misses it, and then comes tumbling back to the circle where he joins in with the same gusto as the rest of us. Especially as the room now only has three living humans in it, and to us, only their deaths have any consequence.
Spirits have an eternity to live. We have long attention spans. So we keep playing “dodge the knife” for hours. Long enough for Beverley and Sandra to leg it and get help. It’s pathetic actually. How the living tire and start getting hit by our knives with increasing regularity. In fact, if we’re honest, we got bored. It’s like shooting fish in a barrel. It isn’t fun for long. But do you know that through all this lengthy engagement not one of us spirits got hurt? Now isn’t that good to know?
I look back on it now and smile. Do you know what it’s like to see the face of a bully when they’re being bullied? It does the heart good. Even a heart that is, itself, beating no more.


Chapter 22

‘As I said, good work, Officer. I don’t know how you pulled that stunt in there. But good work,’ The Chief Constable says standing outside the B-G Club.
‘Sir, now this case is over -.’
‘Over?’ he interrupts his junior officer. ‘Who said anything about it being over? It isn’t over until we’ve got the conviction. Then it’s over. Didn’t they teach you that in basic training?’
‘Yes, Sir. That and a lot of other things I’ve had to disregard so I could bring this case to a successful conclusion, Sir.’
‘Yes, too right. Undercover work’s always been a bit of a law until itself.’
‘Yes, Sir. Only, Sir, I was hoping now I’ve finished this particular assignment ... I was hoping… That I’d be returned to normal duties?’
‘How long you been undercover, Officer?’
‘Two years on this one assignment, Sir.’
‘Two years. It’s not good to lose all that experience. And undercover work’s a skill that takes time to learn. You’re good. You should think carefully before you give up such a rewarding career.’
‘I know all that, Sir. And I will miss some aspects of the work. But I didn’t join the service in order to work undercover. In fact just the opposite. I only agreed to this posting because I fitted the bill so well. I never wanted to do undercover work. And I still don’t.’
‘You’re good at it. How can you possibly think of giving all this excitement up? And for what? To plod the same beat day and night. Or staff the duty desk? Is that what you want for your future, Officer?’
‘I really couldn’t say. Only, Sir,’ Sandra adds, ‘I’m a married woman and my husband and I would like to try for a family before it’s too late. He’s not getting any younger. And we can’t have a family if I’m not living with him, can we, Sir?’
‘Okay, Officer. I still say it’s a shame to lose you. If you change your mind, beat work can be dull you know. So if you do change your mind talk to the roster sergeant. Meanwhile talk to the assigning sergeant in the morning. Good work.’
‘And, Sir … I was hoping. Well, I was going …’
‘Say it. What do you want now? No night shifts because you can’t conceive during the day like other women do?’
‘No, Sir. I’ll be more than happy with shifts. At least I’ll have some of each day off and be able to spend it with my husband and my real parents.’
‘I dare say they’ve missed you while you’ve been undercover?’
‘Yes, Sir. And I’ve missed them.’
‘You had an assignment mother, didn’t you?’
‘Yes.’
‘And wasn’t she -.’
‘No, Sir, she’s wonderful. She’s been undercover for so long I really believe she couldn’t come back. Even if she wants to; which she doesn’t. No, she was very good. But, Sir, what I wanted to ask, was … Was -.’
‘Spit it out, Officer. I’ve not got all day. What is it?’
‘Sir, it’s about these -.’ Sandra places her hands on her breasts. ‘These breast enhancements. I hate them. I was wondering when the police surgeon could remove them for me?’
‘For you did you say? And what’s your old man got to say about this? You have asked him? Because he may not be of the same opinion as you. What’s he to say about it. What’s his name?’
‘Beverley, Sir.’
‘Your old man’s a woman? Well I’m as free-thinking as the next Chief Constable.’
‘No, Sir. Beverley’s a man. He was christened Beverley.’
‘When I was an ACO had a chap on my team called Beverley. The other men gave him some stick. Still, I’ll give him his due, he took it and gave back as good as he got. He was medically retired a couple of years ago. I was sad to see him go. Good man. He was a good man.’
‘I know, Sir. That’s my Beverley. We got married the year after he left, Sir. That’s my Beverley.’
‘Odd name for a man, isn’t it? You won’t call one of your sons Beverley, will you?’
‘No, Sir.’
‘Glad to hear it.’
‘He’s a wonderful man with a very strange family.’
‘Sense of humour, that it?’
‘He’d have to have one, Sir?’
‘Yes to grow up with a name like that.’
‘I wasn't thinking about that, Sir. I was actually thinking about the other fact. The fact that his real wife’s been living as the live-in lover of another man for the last eighteen months. You have to have a sense of humour for that. And then to be able to take her back as if nothing’s happened.’
‘All in the course of duty, Officer.’
‘As you say, Sir, all in the course of duty. My duty. Not my husbands. Beverley had no duty to perform.’
‘Not even providing you with the moral support you need to do your job?’
‘I guess you have me there, Sir.’
‘Officer, I realise that this has been a tough assignment, personally and professionally. So, if you or your old man need help adjusting, the therapist will be there for you. Call the services line.’
‘Thank you, Sir. Can we get back to my breasts?’
‘What? Oh, yes, them. Did you say your old man doesn’t like them?’
‘No, Sir.’
‘No? So he does like them? Thought as much. You keep them for him and the babies, with our complements.’
‘No, Sir! He hates them as much as I do.’
‘What?’
‘Sir! These came as part of the costume for Sandra Bell. They’re not mine. And to be honest I want my own figure back.’
‘Then I take it that they’re enhanced and not false.’
‘I had an operation to enlarge my own, Sir.’
‘And you only had this operation done in the line of duty? As an undercover officer working on this particular assignment?’
‘In my role as Sandra Bell, yes. Johnny Bee liked his women to be very big. But I wasn’t. It was alright to start off with. I was able to use false ones. But once we got intimate, well, then I had to have the surgery.’
‘Okay, spare me the details. See the doctor. Say I’ll authorise the reversal.’
‘Thank you.’
‘Thank you. Good work, even if the surgery will make a hole in my next year’s budget. Still it can’t he helped. And if you only had them done for the assignment it’s reasonable expenditure. Are you sure you don’t want to live with them a little longer. See how the old man likes them after a few weeks?’
‘Positive, Sir.’
‘Okay. Are you staying to see the arrests?’
‘I am now, Sir. If I was still undercover then I’d have had to leave.’
‘I think that’s your husband over there, isn’t it?’
‘Yes, Sir, that’s Beverley.’
‘That’s him! He used to be on the force as well, didn’t he?’
‘Yes. That’s where we met.’
‘It’s good for an officer to be married to another officer. They understand what we go through in the line of duty. Who’s he talking to? He’s gesticulating and acting as if he’s having an argument. But he’s all alone. Oh, was that why he was signed off sick?’
‘No, Sir. Lamb put a bullet in the base of his spine and left him to die. He didn’t. The bullet grazed his spine so he was medically retired. He misses the force and all his friends. I guess his conversation’s finished. He’s walking this way.’
‘Must have been on a mobile. Everyone uses them these days. You know, you walk down the street and everyone’s talking aloud into thin air! Very disconcerting. Then you see their ear piece or wire. It’s good, I guess. Pretty soon we’ll only ever talk to each other when we’re apart.’
‘It’s the world we live in, Sir. Thank you for your kind words.’
‘Beverley, the Chief’s just going,’ Sandra tells her husband as he joins them.
‘Good to see you again, Sir.’
‘And you. And well done in there. Training will out when all said and done. Good evening to you both.’
‘Berkshire, what’s all this about training?’ Johnny asks gliding gracefully to his side.
‘Jack, I keep telling you that you read too much into things.’
‘Are you going to tell her what I told you to say?’ Johnny asks.
‘Sandra, Jack has something to say to you?’
‘I know, Beverley. I know what it is. Where is he?’
‘He’s standing by your right side and Cutter’s standing to your left.’
‘If I hold my arms out to either side can they take my hands?’
‘They can, and they have, can you feel them?’
‘I can feel something. But what it is I’m not sure. You said Johnny was which side?’
‘Your right hand side.’
‘Johnny, you didn’t need Beverley to talk to me from the grave. I got all your messages loud and clear.’
‘Did you hear that?’ Johnny says his eyes shining. ‘She knew what I was trying to say to her.’
‘We’d recovered the diamonds before they picked Beverley and I up.’
‘We’d, Sandra? Berkshire ask her why she said we’d?’
‘It’s just a turn of phrase, Jack. Besides, if I’m to look after her then, don’t I get to share them?’
‘I guess so. But you didn’t look after her in there very well did you? You got her into all this?’
‘Now just a minute, Jack. It was your greed that caused all this in the first place. And if it hadn’t been for my talking about what they’d done to you all, well then! He wouldn’t have got angry and thrown down that ridiculous challenge and then you wouldn’t have been able to access the link.’
‘Access the link, Beverley, what the hell are you talking about?’ Sandra demands.
‘The link between both worlds. Don’t look at me like that, Sandra. Especially as you’re holding hands with two ghosts. Remember I told you that the living have to consciously want to open the link between both worlds. That’s what happened when Lamb made his direct challenge.’
‘You know, Beverley. I also know that for most of the time, we were in there, we were in mortal danger. But some of it was so funny?’ Sandra confesses.
‘I guess for you, Sandra, only being able to see one side it must have looked very odd.’
‘It did, Beverley, it did.’
‘So all you saw were flying knives, chair legs, and guns. I was fortunate. I could see where they were and what they were doing. So I had some warning of where they were going to throw things. But even for me it got a little scary. Actually, Jack, I’ll let you into a little secret. When Sandra and I were safe she confessed to me that it had been a hoot.’
‘Beverley, you’re doing it again,’ Sandra remonstrates.
‘Berkshire, can’t you ask Sandra to try to make the link. One last time before I go?’
‘Johnny, no! Johnny, earlier, at the tree, you said you was happy to let her go? Let her keep her memories and move on. Isn’t that what you said, Johnny? Didn’t you mean it, Johnny? Back at the tree when you said it?’
‘I did.’
‘Then, Johnny, let her go. You said yourself that you’re ready to face our new future. So, Johnny, let’s do just that. The rest of the band are over there waiting for us. We can all link arms and walk off into the sunset together. Wouldn’t you like to do that, Johnny? You can stand next to Trish. She’ll let you. Johnny, isn’t it better to have a present reality than it is to try and hold onto a past that already grown away from us? Isn’t that what you were saying at the tree, Johnny?’
‘I guess it was. Look, they’re all stood in a line. What they waiting for, Cutter?’
‘Not a what, Johnny. It’s a who that they’re all waiting for.’
‘Then who are they waiting for, Cutter?’
‘Now it’s you who’s being thick. For us, Johnny. For you. For me. So we can all go across the link together. Chemist Potion reunited. That’s what they’re waiting for, Johnny. So, what you say, Johnny, do we go and leave the living to tie up the ends without us?’
‘Sandra, farewell my lovely. You’re beautiful. Berkshire, you take good care of her or I’ll be back. Cutter, our future waits us. Coming?’
‘I’ll catch up with you, Johnny.’
‘You know what, Ben, he don’t waste time when his mind’s made up, does he?’
‘Lick-a-de-spit is our Johnny when his mind’s made up. I guess it’s the end of the line. What you say, Bev?’ 
‘You take care of him and yourself, Mr Music, do you hear me?’
‘And you, Mr Medium. You take care of yourself and Sandies.’
‘I wish we’d met in other circumstances.’
‘I think we did, Bev. I think we did,’ Cutter confesses.
‘Did we?’ Beverley asks.
‘You raided a club I was playing at once, remember?’
‘There were so many.’
‘I guess they all look alike. This one was particularly galling because I was doing real well. I was about to get off with this chick and you and some fresh faced WPC raided the club and arrested us all. That put an end to my affair. But I see you made it with the fresh faced WPC?’
‘They’re all officers these days. How long have you known?’
‘Just now. I thought you looked familiar when we first met. But who’d picture someone who dresses in flowing robes in a coppers uniform. Besides when you were remonstrating with Johnny I came over here and heard what Sandra said to the Chief. So, she was the undercover cop they were after. And you’re both still married to each other. Impressive both of you.’
‘Just a job like any other. You take the shit and enjoy the glory.’
‘No wonder you shut them up down the station. Both Johnny and I were curious about that. But, if the truth be told, neither of us could see you as a copper. And as for Sandies being undercover. Well, I never.’
‘Are you going to tell Johnny, Cutter?’
‘What that his woman was already married to another man. And that she loved this other man so that when he had sex with her she was actually working. And not for the going rate.’
‘I don’t like to think about that.’
‘I can see it may cause a problem or two. You’re some man, Beverley Berkshire.’ 
‘You’re not too bad yourself, Benjamin Walker.’
‘And that Sandra’s one amazing woman. Pity she’s having her breast reduced. Now you take care of her or I’ll be back. You know how to summon us, if you need us, don’t you?’
‘You mean “whistle up a spirit”? After what I’ve just seen; you’ve got to be kidding, haven’t you?’
‘Bev, you do know how to whistle, don’t you? You just put your two lips together and blow.’

THE END?

