The Future Man and the Judas Moment.
The Alternate World of Bob Dylan
A thriller of mysterious delights
Book one – On the Wharf

Andrew M Stafford

Text Copyright © 2021 Andrew M Stafford
The Future Man and the Judas Moment is fictional.
Thank you to
Nigel Burrough
Penny Rowe for editing



 
Table of Contents

About this book
Chapter 1 In the beautiful garden
Chapter 2 Something better change
Chapter 3 Aust Beach
Chapter 4 The excuses, the red paint.… everything
Chapter 5 It’s still not your time
Chapter 6 Where the hell did you come from?
Chapter 7 I almost tripped over your head
Chapter 8 I’m sure I know your favourite poem
Chapter 9 Arlo’s a really cool name
Chapter 10 Hello, I'm Christine
Chapter 11 Can I see that contraption of yours?
Chapter 12 What happened to your fancy shoes?
Chapter 13 The third time really is the end
Chapter 14 You’re a nobody. You don't exist.
Chapter 15 I don't think you understand the importance of your actions tonight
Chapter 16 A penny for your thoughts
Chapter 17 You’ll go down in history for what you've done
Chapter 18 That’s what you get for saving Bob's life
Chapter 19 I can't bear to listen to another note of his music


About this book


In nineteen eighty-seven, when I was twenty-two, I walked into a novelty joke shop in Bristol, UK, the city in which I grew up.

In the shop was a man and a woman who had American accents. I wanted a pair of comical glasses and while the American man seemed to be buying the entire shop’s stock, the woman watched from the side. The man turned and saw me waiting with the funny pair of glasses in my hand and asked me whether the glasses was all I would be buying. I said ‘yes’ and he kindly let me go ahead of him. The American man was Bob Dylan. Nothing else was said, but for whatever reason, the memory has remained with me.

There is a famous photograph of Bob Dylan which is used for the cover of Martin Scorsese’s movie ‘No Direction Home’. Dylan is standing on a desolate wharf waiting for a ferry to take him across the River Severn to Wales during his world tour. The picture was taken at Aust Wharf which is close to where I live.

The incident in the novelty joke shop, the locally taken and world-famous photograph, along with my unhealthy obsession with conjuring up odd and wonderful stories has inspired me to write ‘The Future Man and the Judas Moment’


Disclaimer

Many of the characters in this book are real. But other than quoting a few words which are preserved for posterity on the internet, this story is fictitious. ‘The Future Man and the Judas Moment’ looks at an alternate world of what could have happened during the British leg of Bob Dylan’s nineteen sixty-six world tour.


Andrew M Stafford.

Chapter 1
In the beautiful garden


Joe Treasure was eleven when he first saw the beautiful garden and the white light. It had been during Mr Morgan's English lesson. Morgan recited Walter De La Mare's poem 'The Little Creature' for what seemed the thousandth time.
'Twinkum, twankum, twirlum and twitch, my great grandam - she was a witch. Mouse in wainscot, saint in niche - my great grandam - she was a witch.'
Joe wondered what the hell was wrong with the teacher to be so obsessed with the poem. If Joe had bothered asking, Hywel Morgan would have been more than happy to tell him how a stranger had recited the poetry over twenty years earlier. De La Mare's poem stuck with Morgan and became his all-time favourite. It shaped Morgan to be the English teacher he was. Had he not been introduced to the verse in his mid-thirties, Morgan was sure he would have taken a different path in life. 
Joe became distracted by a song softly drifting in from the music room next door, and Morgan's voice became somewhat distant. Joe rocked back and forth on the hard, wooden chair and was bored beyond belief, but the music from next door offered a little relief. He strained to work out what the tune was. It was familiar to him, but he struggled to remember its name. Morgan's voice faded like mist as Joe listened intently to the song. He subconsciously mouthed the words, which had somehow bullied themselves to the forefront of his memory.
"Sorry, Mr Treasure. Am I not engaging you?" roared Morgan. His firm, Welsh accented voice thundered around the classroom like a RADA trained actor. Several other distracted schoolkids sat to attention. Morgan’s voice yanked Joe from his thoughts, and the schoolboy pushed back in his chair just a little too far. He toppled backwards, and suddenly gravity was not on his side. He cracked his head hard on the desk behind him and fell to the floor. Blood trickled from his ear.

Joe lay on the ground. His eyes were wide open and he stared up at the sky. He had never seen it so stunningly clear. It was like no shade of blue imaginable, which bordered on black. He rolled his head from side to side and saw flowers with colours so vibrant they made him gasp. He breathed heavily, and the smell of sweet florae wafted over him in a breezy fashion. The scents of roses, freesia, peony, and gardenia erupted around him. He was gloriously happy, more so than ever, and did not want to move from the spot. A large bumblebee buzzed close by, and Joe felt the downdraft from the insect's wings tickle his skin. The music still played somewhere in the background, which made Joe even more relaxed. A contented smile spanned his face. The sun was a tiny dot in the dark sky and Joe had never seen it so small, but it was warm, splendidly warm.
Then, the dot of light grew big, and within seconds, it obliviated the blue-black sky. Joe was not troubled, instead, he bathed in the glory of the light. He closed his eyes and lapped up the warmth. Joe had never been a religious person, and other than attending Sunday school when he was a boy, he rarely went to church. But as he lay in the light, Joe felt at one with creation. Everything he had been taught at Sunday school suddenly made sense. Then, a silhouetted figure appeared, and Joe strained his eyes to make out who it was. The figure stood over him without speaking, and finally, offered its hand and Joe instinctively reached.
The hand was soft-skinned and warm, and the figure gently helped him up. But Joe did not get to his feet, instead, he rose above the ground. He gently floated, but not above the beautiful garden, because now he was back in the classroom. He turned to the figure open-mouthed, but it had gone. Joe looked down on his classmates and watched a flurry of activity. He saw Mr Morgan and another teacher kneeling over his body. He saw a look of concern on the faces of the children, who less than a minute ago were tolerating Mr Morgan's favourite poem. Joe was not scared, instead, he contentedly accepted what he saw. He began to drift downwards towards his best friends, Colin Dyer and John Rollins. Joe was unruffled, but he could see that Colin and John were far from it. Worry caused their brows to furrow. 
Joe coasted upwards, rolled over, and stared at the ceiling. He rolled back over, and he was no longer in Mr Morgan's class. Instead, he was floating above the children in the music room next door. The song still played, and Joe saw Jenny Lawrence playing an acoustic guitar while the class sang. Mr Turley, the music teacher, stood at the back of the classroom. His arms were folded, and he ground his teeth as the children crooned. Joe had a massive crush on Jenny but was too shy to tell her. It did not matter because Jenny knew of his feelings towards her. He drifted within inches of her and looked at her beautiful face, soft skin, dark eyes, and auburn hair. He reached out to touch her arm, but before his fingers stroked her, he found himself elsewhere.
Now, Joe floated in an untidy office. Against the window was a cluttered desk. On the desk were books, stationery, wire trays and a photo frame. He did not know where he was and drifted towards the desk and over to the photograph. In the picture were three people he knew very well. It was his mother, father, and himself. The door flung open and his father, Daniel, strolled in with a mug in one hand and a pack of cigarettes in the other. He looked twice when he saw the cigarettes and winced when his father put one in his mouth. He had no idea his father smoked, and he was sure his mother did not know either. His father smoked, while at the same time, he sucked on a Tic-Tac mint. His father was oblivious to Joe, who had risen and hung in the air above a rack of filing cabinets. Cigarette smoke wafted in front of him in formless clouds which had no smell. He knew his father could not see him. Joe knew that he was dead but was not saddened by such a revelation. He retained the sense of tranquillity he felt in the garden and mouthed 'goodbye' to his father, and then, he was on the move again.
Next, Joe was at home in the lounge, and his mother was in her chair writing in a book. He floated above her and wondered if he would ever see her again. Joe wanted to know what she was writing. He hovered behind her and watched as her pen danced over the page. She wrote in her diary. It was April the second.
'I can't believe two years have passed since I lost my John. I miss him more with every passing day.'
Joe knew who his mother was writing about; it was his Uncle John. John and his mother had been very close, and John was Joe's favourite uncle. A pang of sadness crossed his mind when he considered his mother would have lost her son two years to the day of the death of her brother. 
Then, Joe was back in the beautiful garden. The figure was still there, and again, it reached for Joe. Joe took the figure's hand for a second time, and this time, he soared with it. Joe was surrounded by colours. There were hues and shades, the like of which he had never seen. A white light shone within the colours, and the figure gently guided him towards it. The light became within touching distance, and Joe saw outlines of people within it. He squinted his eyes and vaguely recognised some of them. Their faces were not clear, as if something veiled them. Then, one person moved to the front, and despite the veil, Joe knew who it was. The warm smile and the glint in the eyes could only belong to one person. It was his Uncle John. John shook his head and mouthed four words that clearly fell from his lips in silence.
'It's not your time.'
The words hung in Joe's head. 'It's not your time'. The figure appeared insulted and quickly drew back its hand. 'It's not your time', 'It's not your time', 'It's not your time' echoed around Joe's mind. Then, the figure faded, and John, the colours, and the light, all vanished as if someone had flicked a switch. 

Joe was on the classroom floor. His head ached, and his heart thumped hard in his cranium. He felt cheated. Wherever he had been, he did not want to leave. He forced himself to return to the beautiful garden like he was trying to get back into a dream. The smell of flowers was replaced by the smell of floor cleaner, and the figures were replaced by Mr Morgan and Miss Stein, the school's first aider and French teacher.
"He's waking up," said Stein. The first thing Joe noticed was how her thick makeup covered deep pockmarks on her skin.
"Why is your skin like that?" he murmured lazily. Stein ignored him and propped a cushion behind his head. The music from next door continued, and in his semi-conscious state, he whispered the words of the song.
'The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind. The answer is blowin' in the wind.'
Paramedics were at the school in ten minutes.

Joe was at Frenchay Hospital. His head was bruised and swollen, and it ached more than ever. He felt sick, dizzy, and confused. His mother nervously watched as Doctor Barnard examined him.
"He's fractured his skull," said Barnard. “He's lucky. It could have been worse.
A CT scan had revealed the extent of Joe's injury.
Barnard had never been a doctor who was subtle when giving a diagnosis.
"He could have died today," he added. A nurse threw Barnard an angry glare and sighed beneath her breath.
Mary Treasure found it hard to hold back her tears. The thought that she could have lost her son hit her hard. She contemplated what she had been told, dropped onto a chair, and cradled her head in her hands. 
Barnard bumbled as he tried to reassure her.
"Your son has a simple linear fracture. The healing process can take many months, and any pain will usually disappear in around five to ten days."
Mary cried harder.

After Joe was discharged from the hospital, he spent several weeks at home. He used his time lounging around, watching TV, and trying to contend with a never-ending headache. His concentration was poor, and television made little sense. But three things were clear - the garden, the figure, and floating over his class were very much in the here and now. When he closed his eyes and thought about what happened, his stabbing headache briefly stopped. He had told no one about the garden. It was not as if he was embarrassed or felt stupid; he just wanted to keep it to himself. Now he knew his father was a closet smoker Joe was sure he could smell a hint of stale cigarettes when he came home from work.
The thought of the garden was never far from his mind. It seemed so real, but surely it could not have happened. Joe assumed it was brought on by the trauma of the accident. But it felt as real as being alive. Five days after coming home from the hospital, he was struck by a thought. He remembered the vision of his mum writing about Uncle John in her daily diary. He never read her journal. He was not interested…, and, it was private. He was alone in the house, and he rummaged through the pile of letters, magazines and books his mother kept beside her chair in the lounge. Finally, he found her diary, which had pink roses on the cover. He flicked through, found her entry for April the second, and his hands shook with expectation. He read his mother's words and felt sick with excitement, or was it dread? It was hard to tell the difference between the two states of mind. He whispered the words softly and ran his finger over the ink.
“I can't believe two years have passed since I lost my John. I miss him more with every passing day.
Joe closed the diary and let it drop. He was numb. Now Joe knew what happened was real. He almost died that day and had stood at the edge of Heaven. He had seen his Uncle John. Was it John who had saved Joe's life when he told him, 'It's not your time?' Joe was sure that it was. Despite feeling the happiest and contented he had ever been, he was glad he returned from the garden. Now that he knew what was in store for him when his time to pass would eventually come, he no longer feared death.

It was four-thirty, and there was a knock at the door. Through the frosted glass window Joe saw a diffused view of people murmuring in hushed tones. He opened the door and saw his English teacher, Mr Morgan, and a few school friends. Earlier, Morgan had spoken with Joe's parents to ask permission to visit along with two or three of his friends. 
"Can we come in?" asked Morgan. Joe smiled and said, "sure, but as long as you don't read twinkum, twankum, twirlum and twitch." Morgan laughed and promised not to.
Joe had never been so happy to see his teacher. It was great to see Colin Dyer and John Rollins too, who were by far his best friends. Then he did something he had never done before. He hugged them, and a tear welled in his eye. Morgan stood in the hallway and smiled as Joe was reunited with his friends. Then, from behind Morgan, stepped a pretty, auburn-haired girl. Joe swallowed hard when he saw Jenny Lawrence. Jenny knew how he felt about her and had been worried sick about him. Since his accident, she realised she had feelings for him too.
Despite being on the disruptive side, Morgan liked Joe. There was something about the boy that made him seem older than he was. The teachers had nicknames for some of their pupils, which they shared amongst the staff room. Morgan had a nickname for Joe, which was Arlo.
Morgan handed Joe a get-well card which was signed by nearly every pupil in his year. He saw Jenny had put a kiss under her name. Suddenly, and for the first time since the accident, Joe broke down. He put the card on his lap and cried. Joe's tears smudged the 'get well' messages, and Colin and John stood back. They were not sure what to do. Jenny sat beside him and put her arm around him. It was an awkward moment, but it had to happen. Joe knew he had died that day, and the truth was hitting him hard.
***

Joe was back at school just before the start of the Easter holidays. He still suffered headaches, and his concentration was poor. The school knew he had to take things steady. But as time passed, he improved. His slightly arrogant character returned, and soon he was winding up some of the younger kids. The old Joe Treasure was almost back.
***

The following spring, Joe travelled in the back of his parent's car. It was the last Saturday in March. He lazily gazed out of the window and saw distant trees cloaked by low clouds. He was on his way to the Forest of Dean to visit his grandparents. BBC Radio Two softly played from the car radio. Joe hated the music his parents listened to. The Carpenters, John Denver, Fleetwood Mac.… he hated it all. He slumped in his seat and picked at a spot on his chin. Then, a song played which made his hair stand on end. The song yanked him back to the beautiful garden. He closed his eyes and remembered the smell of flowers and the warmth of the strange sun. The feeling of tranquillity was almost overbearing. He wanted to be there again, wherever 'there' was. He sat up, reached between his parents, and turned up the volume.
"What's this song?"
"Bob Dylan, Blowin' in the Wind," his dad said. "Why? Do you like it?"
Joe did not answer. He closed his eyes again and let the song envelop him. His mind wandered back to the garden.
The song finished, and Joe felt empty. Had it been a cassette tape, he would have rewound it and played it again, and again.
"Who's Bob Dylan?" Joe asked.
Joe was beginning to discover music. He liked the chart stuff that his friends listened to but knew very little about the older bands and musicians. He knew a little bit about The Beatles and The Stones, but that was about it.
"Bobby Dylan?" his dad said. "Why, do you like Bob Dylan?"
Joe shrugged his shoulders at his dad in the rear-view mirror.
"Bob Dylan was big in the sixties. He was massive; he's still a big star now. Everyone liked him. A folk singer. An American guy, big curly hair."
"Is he still alive?"
"Yep, as far as I know. What's all this about?"
Joe did not answer, at least not straight away.
"You know when I hit my head last year? This song was playing. It reminds me of when I was knocked out."
Joe had told no one about the garden. The memory had been clear for weeks on end, but as time went on, the vision faded. But hearing 'Blowin' in the Wind' brought it to the forefront.
"Do we have any Bob Dylan records at home?"
"I think so," said his dad, "Josh left an album or two behind."
"Is Uncle Josh a fan?"
"I'm not sure. What's this sudden fascination about?"
Joe shrugged again and stopped asking questions. 

They pulled up at his grandparent's house, who were waiting at the gate. They smothered him. It was only the second time they had seen him since his accident. Their dog ran rings around his feet and almost toppled him. Joe was pleased to see them. He loved them dearly, but he was desperate to get back home. He was desperate to search for the Bob Dylan albums and desperate to hear that song again.
"Joe has a girlfriend now," his mum said.
His grandparents wanted to know all the gossip, but Joe was backwards in coming forwards about Jenny. Joe spent a lot of time with her, but he was shy to talk about Jenny in front of them. Joe's parents thought Jenny was a lovely girl, despite thinking that he was a little too young for a proper girlfriend. But he seemed happy, and that was the main thing.
Joe had asked Jenny about the song she was playing in the music class the day he fell off the chair, but she could not recall what it was. It was just one of many songs that Mr Turley, the music teacher, had got the class to perform. He pushed her for more information on the song, but Jenny just did not know the answers. But now that he knew it was a Dylan song, he knew where to start looking.
Joe looked at his grandparent's family photos which hung in their dining room. They were photographs he had seen many times before. He was drawn towards a black and white picture which was of a group of people. He recognised his mother. She looked to be six or seven. He saw his grandparents when they were younger. Amongst the other people was a familiar face. He looked closer and remembered where he had seen it before. It was one of the veiled faced figures at the edge of Heaven.
"Mum, who's this?"
Mary leaned in over Joe's shoulder.
"It’s your great grandfather, Charles. Why do you ask?"
Joe moved closer, stared harder and touched the image of his great grandfather's face.
"What's this about?" Mary asked.
The moment was broken by his grandmother with a plate of hot jam tarts. Joe stood back from the picture and smiled.
***

The following day around four-thirty, the Treasure family were back home in Bristol. After dropping his overnight bag on his bed, Joe headed to the Dynatron music centre in the lounge. Alongside it were three plastic-coated record boxes. One for 45's and the other two for long-players. He flipped the catch on the first long-player box and thumbed through the collection. His parents had no filing system, and nothing was in order. One by one, Joe checked each record. He found albums by 10cc, ABBA, Queen and Pink Floyd, among many others, but nothing by Bob Dylan. Joe sighed and opened the second box. He turned it upside down, and the collection slid out. Joe was a tad frantic as he searched through the albums. Then he saw something. An album by Dylan with a side shot of the silhouetted man on the cover. He nervously held it before flipping it over. He looked at the picture of Dylan playing the harmonica, and just as his dad had told him, Dylan had big hair. He squinted his eyes and read the track listing. The first track was 'Blowin' in the Wind', and Joe was eager to hear it. He dropped the needle on the record and put on a pair of bulky headphones from beside the Dynatron. He closed his eyes and let the song wash over him, and just like yesterday when he heard it on the car radio, he recalled with clarity the day he nearly died. He could not smell the flowers, but he could see them in his mind's eye. He saw the silent figure, his Uncle John, and recognised his great grandfather, Charles, standing behind his uncle. Joe remembered floating above the classrooms. He recalled being rudely yanked back to the schoolroom after John had said, 'It's not your time.'
He replayed the track several times. But the more he played it, the less it took him back to last April. He let 'It Ain't Me Babe' play, which was the next track. Joe liked it. He liked Dylan's voice, and his nasal tone appealed to him. 'The Times They Are A Changin' played next. Joe loved it. For the first time, Joe had found a musical direction. It was nothing like the modern music his friends listened to. He played the album twice and was about to play it again but stopped when he felt a tap on his shoulder. It was his mum telling him the evening meal was ready.
During the meal, Joe had questions about Dylan, which his parents found hard to answer. They did not know much about Bob Dylan, other than some of his well-known hits.
"What's this sudden fascination with Bob Dylan about?" his mum asked.
Joe shrugged as he pushed food around the plate with his fork.
"I dunno, I just like him."
Joe wasn't planning on telling anyone about his trip to the edge of Heaven. He had discovered that listening to Dylan made him feel calm and as soon as he was excused from the table, Joe was back at the music centre.
Joe's birthday was in May, and he knew what he was putting on his wish list. He would be asking for as many of Dylan's records as his family could afford.

Chapter 2
Something better change


Joe married Jenny Lawrence in ninety-six, and neither had had a previous partner. Joe's workmates ribbed him, saying that he should have 'put it out a bit' before settling down. In two thousand and five Jenny gave birth to Robert. Joe worked as an electrical engineer, and Jenny was a teacher. But recently, things had not been rosy in the Treasure household. Jenny kept her thoughts to herself. She secretly wondered whether they had met too young.
Joe worked long hours for BT and enjoyed his job but needed to switch off when his shift finished. So, four out of seven nights, he disappeared into himself. It was what Joe did to wind down. He rarely socialised, spending most of his time at home. Joe had plenty of friends but recently had lost the urge to mingle with anyone, except for Colin Dyer from his school days. Colin had been their best man. They spoke on the phone and met up occasionally. Joe would have remained close to John Rollins too, had John not died in a plane crash almost a year earlier.
Being a secondary school teacher meant Jenny spent most evenings preparing for the next day, marking tests and other school tasks.
In their first few years of marriage, things had been fantastic. Joe was attentive and loving. Nothing was too much trouble, and when Robert came along, things stepped up a gear. Their lives seemed perfect. But that was then, and this is now.
These days Jenny felt alone. It was just her and Robert because Joe spent much of his time upstairs in his den. This year he forgot her birthday. Their marriage was far from being on the rocks, but it was heading in that direction.
They rarely discussed their issues, preferring to dust their problems under the mat. But lately, Jenny needed to clear the air. Their marriage was becoming stale, and Joe was boring. Jenny seldomly entered his den. She was not one hundred per cent sure what he got up to in there, but providing whatever he was doing was not illegal or immoral, she did not really care. Rarely did any noise come from the den. Perhaps the odd clatter now and again, but it usually was quiet. Sometimes she would knock on the door to tell him food was ready or ask if he wanted a brew, and sometimes, he would not answer. From time to time, she resorted to sending him texts to get a message across. That was about the only time he answered her. Jenny was unhappy.
On the rare occasion she did enter his den, she shuddered at the thought of how much money he had wasted on what was in that dark, dingy little box room. It was not his money; it was theirs. Money that could have been spent on holidays, paint to brighten up the house, or even tidying the garden. There were dozens of things Joe could have spent their money on instead of his selfish obsession. An obsession that Jenny believed that she was partially responsible for.
In the early days, when they lived in their previous house, Joe had things under control. Jenny found his little diversion, which he had had as long as she had known him, to be harmless. Sometimes she would roll her eyes when Joe yacked on about Bob Dylan too much, preferring to move to the other room or to the kitchen, so she didn't have to listen to him. And, sometimes, when they were out with friends, she found herself apologising when he spoke too much about Dylan and his music.
But now, because Joe had amassed such a vast collection of Bob Dylan's work, he had been featured on a Dylan enthusiast website called Blood on the Tracks. The website was by fans, for fans, and included a ten-minute video which was a tour of Joe's den highlighting the rare imports he had accumulated over the years. If Jenny knew the true financial cost of being married to a man as fanatical about Dylan as Joe was, she would have left him years ago.

Robert was a long time coming, and Joe and Jenny’s hearts sang when their son entered their world. They had been trying for a family for almost ten years, and it was well worth the wait.
When Robert was born, Joe had a different focus in his life, and spent less time obsessing over Dylan’s music, for which Jenny was relieved.
It was Joe who had decided on the name Robert. Jenny would have preferred something different. She had William, her late grandfather's name in mind. She liked the sound of it, and she had loved her grandfather. But Joe had put his foot down and insisted that their son be called Robert. Jenny backed down. She had asked him why he was so keen on the name Robert. Joe had shrugged and just said it was a good name. Jenny still recalls what Joe had said.
'Robert's a good, strong name. A name that warrants respect. He'll do well as a Robert. Nothing wishy-washy like George, Stephen, or David…. or William.’
Jenny had bitten her lip when he had said those words. She could have punched him. And it would not be the only time during the next ten years that she felt like hitting him.… and one day she did, and when she did, it was more than a little too hard.
It took a few years for Jenny to work out why Joe insisted on naming their son Robert. But when the penny eventually dropped, she was livid.

In the first five or six years after Robert was born, things had been near to perfect, and their little boy was a joy. They were proud beyond belief, and he was a clever lad. Every night Joe sang him to sleep, and after Robert closed his eyes, Joe would whisper, 'little man, you've had a busy day,' before quietly closing the bedroom door.
Jenny fell pregnant again when Robert was seven and they were not even trying; it just happened. The couple knew their small two up, two down mid-terrace would not be ideal for a growing family. So, they had done the sums, tightened their belts and bought a larger three-bedroom detached house in two thousand and thirteen. They moved in when Jenny was seven months gone. It had been a straightforward pregnancy which was nothing too horrific for Jenny, in fact, she bloomed and had loved being pregnant. She loved the attention and enjoyed helping Joe get the baby’s room ready. They knew what they were having. A little girl. And this time, Jenny insisted she chose the name. Belle. Joe loved the name. To him, Belle sounded just what it meant.… beautiful.
They had decked her small room in stereotypical pink. The cot was ready, the mobile hung low, and a soft nightlight was ready and waiting.
But Belle died less than an hour after she was born. The tiny baby was starved of oxygen during labour when the umbilical cord had wrapped around her neck. Things would never be the same. Despite never knowing Belle, Jenny had fallen in love with her. Then there was the funeral. It was the saddest thing that Jenny had, or ever would, experience in her life. Joe was cold and seemed indifferent. It was his way of dealing with the tragedy.
Not long after the funeral, they had a blazing row. It was the first time Joe and Jenny had really quarrelled. Jenny had returned home one afternoon to find Belle's room transformed into what would become Joe’s den. He had repainted it deep red. It was almost scarlet. She yelled at him, insisting it looked like a brothel. She hollered at him to put it back the way it was. Despite her tears, he refused, saying that they had to move on. It was the spark that lit the change in their relationship.

These days, Joe usually joined Jenny in the lounge at nine after spending a couple of hours in the den which would have been Belle’s room. They would sit together with a glass of wine, watch a film, and not say an awful lot. Robert occasionally came down for a glass of water which broke the monotony. The thought of Belle was often on Jenny's mind, while Joe never mentioned her. Jenny oversaw the remote control and chose the evening's entertainment. Whenever Joe suggested something to watch, she would turn her nose up and decide what the pair would watch on television. Joe was starting to resent evenings with his wife, preferring to return to the den. She would sulk, and the following morning would be shrouded by a frosty atmosphere brought on by the night before.

It all began to go badly wrong in May two thousand and sixteen. That was the turning point. The day had run its ordinary course and Joe returned from work, briefly spoke to Jenny, and pretended to listen when Robert had told him about his school day. Robert spoke a mile a minute, and his words barely got beyond Joe's eardrums. Robert certainly did not engage with his father's brain. He told his father about the term's topic, which was dinosaurs. Robert was so excited, but Joe hardly nodded as his son rambled on about T-Rex and velociraptor.
Jenny watched as her son enthusiastically tried to engage with Joe while he stared into the middle distance, nursing a scotch. Joe's drinking began earlier these days, and it worried her. A tear ran down her face as Robert spoke to his father. The idea that Robert thought his father paid attention to him made her feel sad. Joe gulped back the last drop of scotch, put the glass on the table, ruffled Robert's hair and then disappeared upstairs to the den.
Jenny put her arms around Robert and squeezed him tight. 'Something better change,' she thought.
An hour later, she texted Joe to tell him their meal was ready. From the dining room, she heard clunking as he left the den and made his way downstairs.
Jenny made small talk at the table, but her words fell on deaf ears. Joe was in his own world, and Robert was too busy thinking about dinosaurs. No one thanked her for the meal as she cleared the table. Joe returned to the den.
After Jenny cleared away the meal, it was time to help Robert with his homework. It was hard not to bring the teacher in her to the forefront. At home, she was his mother and not his tutor. She was proud of Robert, and he was a bright kid. Despite only being eleven, she had high hopes for him.
By eight-thirty, Robert was in his bedroom and had changed into his pyjamas. Jenny opened the wine early and slumped in her chair. She thought about frosty Joe, and she thought about how keen Robert was to tell him about school and how disinterested Joe was. She poured another glass and downed it. There was schoolwork to prepare, but Jenny was not in the right frame of mind. She pondered taking tomorrow off. ‘Call in sick? Why not?’ she thought. She hardly ever took sick leave. She soon emptied the Sauvignon Blanc and went to the kitchen for another bottle. She was out of white, so she pulled Merlot from the rack. She poured another glass, but not as big as the sauvignon, because red gave her a headache in the morning.
The more she drank, the more she thought, and the more she thought, the more agitated she became. She thought about her lot in life. She knew what had caused Joe to disappear into himself. It was Belle. Despite Joe barely mentioning her name, she knew their tiny dot of a girl was the root of his insecurities. But even so, Joe had a wife and son who depended on him. She finished the glass quickly and poured another. Her head was woozy, and Jenny was determined to speak with Joe. She wanted to get things off her chest, and now was the time. The glass tipped as she placed it on the carpet. Wine spilt everywhere, but she did not notice. Holding onto the bannister, she hauled herself up the stairs. She had not realised how drunk she was. Jenny stood outside the den and belched. Then, she put all her weight against the door and pushed down on the handle, but the door was locked from the other side. It maddened her. She tried again, but it was definitely locked. Jenny thumped on the door again and again.
Joe opened the door and stared wide-eyed at his wife. He saw she was drunk, and he looked at his watch. It wasn't even half past nine.
She pushed past him and entered his dimly lit den. She had not been inside for months, perhaps almost a year. A low wattage bulb hung from the ceiling casting a little light. Her eyes grew accustomed, and she was taken aback by the paraphernalia which cluttered the small room. She spun around, and in her drunken state, she tried to take everything in. Joe watched as his wife stared open-mouthed. She pointed to his parent's old Dynatron music centre and whispered, 'what the hell is that thing?' Joe did not speak. The walls were adorned with posters of musicians. There must have been fifteen, maybe twenty. The scarlet wallpaper was all but covered by them. Most of the posters were of Bob Dylan. But there were a couple of Woody Guthrie and one of Robert Johnson, both of whom she had not heard of. But it was the overpowering presence of Dylan that astounded her. She knew Joe was obsessed with Dylan, but she didn't realise how deep-set it was.
CD's and albums filled racks and shelves. She leaned in, and her head spun. She couldn't begin to count how many there were. But ninety per cent of them had to belong to Dylan. She could not comprehend how one person could have released so many records. She saw a few records of other bands she recognised, but not many. Dire Straits, The Stones…, but mostly it was all Dylan. She looked closer at the posters. Most of them were of the man playing an acoustic guitar with a cigarette hanging from his lips. But there was one that stood out. It was an image of Dylan standing on what looked like a damp pavement with an estuary for a backdrop. He looked nonchalant whilst wearing shades. His hands were pushed firmly in his trouser pockets, and he looked cold. To his right, a large nail protruded from a paving stone. A black limousine was behind him, and to Dylan's left, Jenny saw a row of wooden buildings. It was the poster for the Martin Scorsese film called 'No Direction Home'. She only knew because the words were on the poster.
Jenny spun around on wobbly legs and saw Belle's cot in the corner. Belle's mobile still hung above. Covering the mattress was a crochet blanket, and a teddy bear sat at one end. She walked to the cot and picked up the bear. She put it against her face and was sure she could smell the daughter they never had. It was soft against her skin, and Jenny imagined Belle hugging it while giggling. She carefully placed the bear back in the cot, turned to Joe and launched into the tirade she had come there for.
"Is this what you do?"
"What?"
"Is this what you do to avoid me. Is this what you do to avoid your son?"
"I don't avoid anyone. Stop this."
Her rant made her feel drunker.
"Stop this? STOP THIS? I'm not stopping…. In fact, I've only just started."
Jenny walked around him like an animal stalking its prey.
"What the hell's the matter with you? What the fuck is this all about?" barked Jenny.
"What?" snapped Joe.
Jenny raised her arms and spread them wide. Her hands were palm side up. "This…, this obsession. It's tearing us apart. Would you really prefer to spend more time in here than with Robert and me?"
Then it dawned on her why Joe had been so insistent on naming their son Robert.
"Robert…. Bob," she muttered. "You even named our son after him. A son you barely acknowledge. A son you don't seem to know is even there. Do you know what you mean to him?"
Joe didn't answer. He was too scared to speak.
"You mean everything to that boy. He adores you and he tells his friends all about you. But God only knows what he tells them. I bet he barely knows the first thing about you. And I bet you barely know the first thing about him either.… do you?"
Joe swallowed hard because he knew that Jenny was right. His son had become a stranger to him.
"I swear to you, Joseph, you are tearing us apart."
Then Joe spoke.
"But I do love you, and I love Robert. You're my everything."
"No, we're not your everything." Jenny raised her arms again and circled the room. She almost tripped.
"We're not your everything. This…, this…, this is your everything. Music is your everything. Bob Dylan. Bob 'Fucking' Dylan is your life.
"That's not true.… and you know it."
"Yeah, really? If that's right, then tell me about Robert!"
"What about him?"
"He was telling you about his day at school. The moment you set foot in the house, he couldn't wait to tell you, but you didn't pay the slightest bit of attention."
She was right, Joe couldn't even remember Robert talking, but he was not going to admit it.
"I was listening. I heard everything."
"Really? Then what's his school topic? It's something he's passionate about. What is it?"
Joe was silent. He tried to think what Robert had told him but had no idea. He took a couple of stabs in the dark.
"Space? Egypt? The pyramids?"
"You bastard. You haven't a fucking clue."
Joe had no idea, and his shoulders dropped. There was no getting away from it.
"Dinosaurs, fossils, rocks. That's what your son was telling you about. It's the kind of thing most fathers love to talk to their sons about. So, what's your problem?"
Before Joe could answer, Jenny took her rant up a level.
"And what about me? Am I nothing but your cook, your slave? When did the love go out of our marriage?"
"But I do love you, I do love Robert…. and I do love…," there was a long pause as Joe breathed a lung full of air. Then, finally, he turned to the cot and rested his hands on the rail. "And I love Belle."
He dropped to his knees and wept. He wept so hard he found it hard to breathe.
"I miss her. I know we only had her for an hour, but…, but…, I think about her every day. Being in here brings me closer to her, but also, being in here and immersing myself in music helps takes my mind off her."

It was the first time he had honestly spoken about Belle and Jenny was stunned into silence. Belle was on Jenny's mind constantly after she died, and she was frustrated with Joe because he would not talk about her. But now Jenny learned how badly affected Joe was. Her drunken anger calmed, and she looked at her husband. He was still on his knees, gripping the rails of Belle's cot. She took a step forward and suddenly felt very sober. She put one hand on his shoulder and squeezed, then Jenny joined Joe in a cacophony of tears. She knelt alongside him, and she felt his arm around her.
"Why didn't you say?" Jenny asked.
Joe shook his head and pushed his fingers into his tightly shut eyelids. He massaged his orbits and tried to push away the tears, but they kept on coming.
"Why didn't you talk to me? We could have…, we should have spoken about Belle."
They stood up and embraced in a way they had not done in years. The way in which Joe held her told Jenny he had not lied. He really did love her. Now, Jenny believed that spending time in the den really was Joe’s way of dealing with the loss of their daughter.
Jenny stood on the landing and opened Robert's bedroom door. The light was off, and he was sleeping. She took Joe's hand and led him downstairs. They sat next to each other in the lounge, and Joe tried to explain his feelings. Jenny put a finger to his lips and 'shushed him'.
"It's okay, it's okay."
Then they kissed. It was the first time they had kissed in months. It was a passionate kiss, but they both knew it was not leading to anything. Instead, it was a kiss to prove their love for one another was as solid as it had been in their early days. As they lay together on the settee, Jenny hoped it would be the spark that would relight their bond. The spark which would kindle the love she thought they had lost.

Chapter 3
Aust Beach


It was Monday evening, and Joe returned home late from work. In one hand was a bunch of flowers, and in the other was a small toolbox. He kicked off his shoes in the hall, left them untidily and walked to the lounge. Before he was through the door, Robert launched himself at his dad.
"Slow down little man," said Joe with a smile and a hug, and Robert dashed up to his bedroom.
Jenny stepped out of the kitchen with a tea towel in both hands and saw the flowers. Joe smiled and offered them. It was the first time since she could remember that he had done such a thing. Then, she remembered something her mother once said.
'A man should buy a woman flowers when there's no reason to do so, not when he's guilty of something.'
Her mother was right. But at that moment, it didn't matter. Jenny was just happy that her husband had thought about her. But it was true, if they had not had the row last week, then it was very likely that she would not be cutting the stems to fit the bouquet in the vase.
Robert was in his bedroom. Joe called him from the hallway, and Robert clattered down the stairs and stood at his father's feet expectantly.
"For you," Joe said, handing Robert the toolbox.
"What is it?"
Jenny watched curiously from the kitchen.
"Open it and see."
Robert sat on the bottom stair and struggled with the latch on the box. Finally, after a fashion, he opened the lid. He took out a small hammer, a chisel, and a pair of safety glasses.
"What's this for?" Robert asked, turning over the hammer while scratching his head. Jenny was intrigued too.
"What do you think they're for?" Joe asked.
"I don't know. To make things?"
"Not quite…, they’re to break things?"
Robert smiled but had no idea what his father meant.
"Okay, what's your most favourite thing right now?"
"Uh, I don't know. TV?"
"No…, it's got something to do with school. It’s something you're really into right now?"
"Dinosaurs?"
"Yes, dinosaurs, well, it’s more to do with fossils than dinosaurs."
"Is this a fossil hammer?"
"Yep!"
Robert jumped up and hugged his father. Jenny almost got teary but held back.
"Can we go fossil hunting now? Beaches are the best places to find them."
"Easy tiger, it's a bit late in the day, but I promise we will."
"When?"
"Calm down Robert, we're miles from any beach," Jenny said.
"Actually, we’re very close," Joe said. Jenny looked at him, cockeyed.
"There's a beach about twenty minutes from here by the Severn Bridge. It's called Aust Beach and it's famous for fossils."
"Yeah, yeah. My teacher told us about that beach. When can we go dad, when can we go?"
"How about, say.… this week? Wednesday?"
"Wednesday?" questioned Jenny. "Wouldn't it be better to wait until the weekend? Then, you'd have more time."
"No, Wednesday's fine. I can leave work early. I'm owed a few hours. I'll be home before Robert is back from school and we can be there by four. That'll give us a couple of hours at least."
Jenny smiled. Joe had become the father he should have been. Robert's face was alight with enthusiasm as he handled the hammer and chisel.
"Food will be ready soon," said Jenny, as she spotted Joe's shoes which were left untidily where he had kicked them off. She huffed as she picked them up. Jenny was about to put them on the shoe rack when she noticed red paint around the edge of each shoe.
"What's this…, paint?"
She did not notice the colour quickly drain from Joe's face. She was too busy looking at his shoes.
"Uh, yeah, it's nothing though. Someone spilt paint in the office. The decorators are in, and I got some on my shoes."
She did not notice the slight quiver in his voice either.
"Make sure you clean them. There's the white spirit in the shed. Don't think I'm cleaning them for you," said Jenny, thinking nothing else of it.

They sat at the meal table, and Robert spoke nonstop about fossils and dinosaurs. Jenny enjoyed watching Joe paying attention this time. Robert wanted to know what kind of fossils they would find. He was hoping to dig up some big old bones. Joe left the dining table and returned with a small book that looked very old. He slid it across the table to Robert.
"What is it?"
"What does it say?"
Robert read the title.
"The Observer's Book of Fossils."
"That's right. It belonged to my father. He passed it down to me, and now it's yours."
Robert forgot about his food and thumbed through the book.
"I doubt if you'll find many big fossils on that beach, but there's plenty of gems to be found. I went there with my school when I was about your age."
Robert turned the pages and stared wide-eyed.
"We found fish teeth, small bones and plenty of fossilised shells," added Joe.

After the meal was finished and the dishes were put away, Joe sat in the lounge waiting for Jenny. It was early, not even seven. Usually, he would be upstairs in the den, but not tonight. Jenny came in from the kitchen with a mug of tea for herself. She was surprised to see her husband.
"Why aren't you in your den?"
"I don't know. I thought I would give it a miss this evening."
Jenny tried her best not to show how happy she was, but it was hard not to.
"Thank you," she said. "What you've done for Robert was thoughtful. You've made him happy. You've made me happy too."
Jenny sat beside him, put her hand on his leg and gave it an affectionate squeeze. She smiled.
That night, for the first time in a long time, they made love, not in the bedroom but in the lounge.
Chapter 4
The excuses, the red paint.… everything


True to his word, Joe was home from work at three-fifteen, twenty minutes before Robert came back from school. And when Robert was back, he crashed through the front door like a hurricane. Robert pushed the door open so hard that Jenny was sure he was going to smash the glass. Jenny had made a picnic to take to the beach. It was a warm, sunny afternoon, and they didn't want to waste time eating at home. Jenny insisted that Robert changed into his jeans, but he didn't want to. He was happy to go in his school uniform, but she put her foot down. She did not want his school clothes getting covered in sand or mud.
They headed west along the M4 motorway. The Severn Bridge loomed in the distance, and beyond were the hills of Wales. Joe took the slip road and joined the M48, which spanned the Severn Bridge. He pulled off the motorway before he got to the bridge and headed for Aust Wharf. They parked on a long road overlooking the River Severn. Robert was the first to get out of the car. Jenny told him to slow down and put on his wellington boots. She wore her sturdy walking shoes.
"How about you? You're wearing your Nikes; you'll get them filthy." Jenny said, pointing to Joe's feet.
"Nah, they'll be fine. We've not had rain in a week. I'll keep them clean."
He wore a pair of almost brand new, red, blue, and yellow Nike Challenger trainers. He had on a pair of shorts and a tatty London 2012 Olympics t-shirt.
Joe pulled a rucksack from the boot, and inside was their picnic and the toolbox. Robert had the fossil book in his hand and Jenny grabbed a couple of plastic carrier bags.
"What are those for?" asked Joe.
"To put fossils in. I don't want to get the rucksack dirty."
Joe nodded.
They made their way, and Joe slowed his pace when they passed a small, paved area on their left that headed towards the river. It looked like a road to nowhere, which was perhaps fifty, maybe seventy-five metres long. He picked up his pace and caught up with his wife and son. Then Joe remembered his phone, which he had left in the car on charge. He called to Jenny and told her to wait. Joe jogged back to the Kia, pulled the phone from the charger, and headed back to Jenny and Robert. He glanced at the phone and saw it was one hundred per cent charged. He intended to take some photographs.
A few minutes later, they were on the beach. It was not the sort of beach they would consider sunbathing on. It was rocky and covered in tumps of long, tough grass. Traffic thundered above as lorries, cars and motorcycles traversed the Severn Bridge. It was deafening and not the sort of place a person would come to relax. There was not a grain of sand to be seen. The beach was overlooked by a red cliff, which was where the fossils could be found. Robert went straight to the cliff with his hammer.
The air was clear and fresh, despite the fumes belched by the traffic overhead. Jenny looked towards Wales, which was a mile away on the other side of the river. She had often seen Aust Beach from the bridge when returning from the Forest of Dean. Every time they headed back to Bristol, Joe would mention something to do with Bob Dylan and the river. She closed her ears every time he said it and looked out of the passenger side window. Jenny could almost set her watch by Joe because he was so predictable. But she had never paid enough attention to know what the piece of Bob Dylan trivia was about.
She let Joe and Robert get on with the task of finding fossils. Then, for a few minutes, she appreciated a little time on her own in the outdoors.
"Not so fast, not so fast," Joe said. "There'll be plenty to find right here," he added, pointing at his feet.
"The tide comes in, and when it does, it washes against the cliff and the fossils become exposed. Slabs of rock break off, so you'll find plenty on the ground."
It took a while for Robert's eyes to adjust to what he was looking for, but within ten minutes, he had found plenty of fossils. Joe strolled over to Jenny and they watched Robert with their arms around each other. It was nice to see their son having so much fun.
Robert had found so many fossils and had not even needed to use the hammer and chisel. Joe and Robert pored over what he had found while using the little book to identify the fossils. Robert had uncovered a kilo of rocks brimming with two hundred-million-year-old finds from the Triassic Period.
"You can't take all those home; they're far too heavy," Jenny said.
Joe nodded. The plastic carrier bags would not cope with the weight and sharp edges. Joe took the hammer and the chisel from the toolbox and carefully chipped away, removing the fossils from the bigger slabs in which they resided. Robert and Jenny ate sandwiches and watched Joe at work. After twenty minutes, Joe was done. He had reduced the bulk of rocks to a far more manageable hefty handful. He put them in a carrier bag and handed them to Robert. Robert was surprised how heavy the load of fossils was, despite being chiselled from the large slabs.
They chatted as they ambled back to the car and Robert could not stop talking. He could not wait to take what he had found to school and show his friends. Jenny and Joe held hands.
Joe passed the paved area again, which was on his right and he slowed down.
"I wonder what that used to be?" he said, gazing at the small manmade causeway.
He put the carrier down and strolled in the direction of the river. Jenny watched.
"That'll make a good photo. You can see Wales and the Bridge too. He pulled out his phone, placed it on a boulder and told Jenny and Robert to stand on the paved area. He knelt and adjusted the phone until they came into view on the camera app. He set the timer for ten seconds and ran to get in the shot. He stood between his wife and son and told them to say 'cheese'. The phone clicked as it captured the moment.
"Can you take a picture of Robert and me?" asked Joe.
Jenny gladly obliged, and for the first time since she could remember in a long time, she was happy. Really happy. It was the best day she had had with her family in years.
Joe stood next to his son and pulled him close. Jenny took a couple of shots until she was happy with the picture.
"Okay, let's head home," Jenny said.
"Can you take one more, just of me this time?"
Jenny frowned and wondered why he wanted a picture of himself. She nodded and held the phone, ready to take the picture. She was curious when Joe paced around, head down as if he were searching for something. Then, he positioned his feet in a way in which he did not usually stand. Joe pulled a pair of shades from his pocket, put them on and shoved his hands in the pockets of his trousers. He called 'ready', and she took his picture. She wondered why he wore the shades. The shades were the first thing that sparked her curiosity.
She picked up the carrier, strolled to Joe, who briefly seemed to be in a different place mentally, and handed back his phone.
Then, Jenny’s spark of curiosity triggered a memory. The sight of Joe on the wharf's causeway seemed very familiar. At first, she couldn't think why, but she wondered where she had seen something like it before. She walked along the causeway towards the river and then gave up worrying about it. She turned and strolled back to Joe. He had moved a few feet away from where he had posed for the picture. Her attention was drawn to the flagstones. And then she noticed something.
On the paving stones was red paint. The paint looked like it had been sprayed around a template to make a distinct pair of feet at a slight angle. She frowned, knelt, and ran a finger over the paint. Joe took a pace back, and Jenny sensed he was uneasy. She remembered when Joe had returned home on Monday with red paint on his shoes. Jenny sat on her haunches, her mind ticking away, trying to fathom things out. Joe watched nervously.
Jenny was slowly piecing together a puzzle. There was danger in her eyes as things began to make sense. Her mind flashed back to the den and to the posters adorning the wall. One poster became clear in her mind. It was the one with the image of Dylan standing alongside the wooden shacks and she remembered the black limousine. Then, Jenny was drawn to a large, bent nail sticking out of a flagstone near the edge of the causeway. She remembered where she had seen it before. It was in the Dylan poster in the den. She bounded up, paced to the nail, and nudged it with her toe. Joe took a step back, swallowed hard and took off the shades. Her gaze was drawn to the Severn Bridge, and she recalled the endless times Joe had said something about Dylan as they had driven towards Bristol from Wales. Then, it all came together. Joe wanted his photo taken in precisely the same spot as Dylan had many years ago. That was why he had red paint on his shoes. Joe must have driven to the wharf earlier on Monday and worked out where Dylan had posed. He must have spent ages working out the precise position, thought Jenny.
At first, she thought Joe was pathetic. His stupid obsession with Dylan and the man's music ruled his life. She could not even stand the sound of Dylan's voice. Then, her mind stepped up a gear, and something began to burn within her soul. She pondered the real reason why they were at Aust Wharf. It was supposedly a day out for Robert hunting for fossils, then it dawned on her why they were really there. It was not for Robert; it was for Joe. Jenny was sure that her husband had no intention of hunting for fossils with his son. He wanted to be there for his own gratification. Just so he could stand in the footsteps of Bob 'fucking' Dylan. The fossil thing had been nothing other than a selfish ruse. She felt he had let her down. Less than an hour ago, she was so happy. Happy because a semblance of gladness beat in her heart. She thought something had happened which caused Joe to turn the corner and think about his family more than his stupid fixation with Dylan’s music. But her self-centred, egotistical bastard of a husband had feigned an interest in their son. It was just an excuse to get Jenny to the wharf and take a picture of him attempting to recreate the poster which hung in a bloody expensive frame on the wall of his den. What Jenny did not know was that fifty years ago, to that very day, Dylan's photograph had been taken on the wharf, and it was better she did not.  Although, it would not have made much difference, considering the shit show that was about to follow.
Joe stood in the middle of the causeway, and Robert sat on a boulder reading the fossil book. Then Jenny began to circle Joe and the carrier bag of fossils swung in her hand. She shook her head slowly as she walked around him. He could tell by the way she breathed that something was about to erupt.
"And I really thought you were doing something good. Something nice. I thought all of this was for Robert," she huffed, through gritted teeth in a tone something between a whisper and a yell. Joe said nothing. He realised what she now knew but was not going to let on. So instead, he looked at her cockeyed like a confused puppy.
"Have you got anything to say in your defence?" hissed Jenny.
"I'm not sure what you mean," stuttered Joe. The tone of his voice gave him away. He knew exactly what she meant.
"Stand there," she snapped, pointing to the red-painted footmarks.
Joe shuffled nervously to the paint. It was a pathetic sight.
"Put one foot here, and the other foot there," Jenny said.
Joe stood in the Dylan foot markers.
"Now, put the glasses back on."
He did as she said.
"Now, put your hands in your pockets."
He nervously put his hands in his pockets.
Jenny stepped backwards and away from the river end of the causeway. She stopped twenty feet from him and squinted. Jenny made a rectangular shape with her thumb and forefinger on both hands, like making a viewfinder in portrait. She swapped between what she could see with her eyes and what she could see in her mind's eye. Jenny compared what she remembered of the poster in the den to what she could see of her husband. She suddenly remembered what was written on the poster. 'No Direction Home’.
She had to applaud him. The sneaky little man had it all planned out. The excuses, the red paint.… everything. She was saddened and angry. She had had enough.
"You've let me down, and you've let Robert down too."
She glanced at their son, who had not picked up on the tension. Joe was aware that Jenny knew exactly what was happening. He tried to splutter an excuse but gave up before he started.
"I'm leaving you," she whispered. Sadness prevented her from speaking any louder. "I'm taking Robert, and I'm going to my parents."
Joe raised his arms and was about to speak.
"Don't!" she snapped in a tone that cut him down.
"You can make your own way home. Robert's coming with me. You're staying here."
Before turning around, she thought about the row they had in the den. She had been drunk, and he had been vulnerable. She remembered how he fell to his knees and wept at the side of Belle's tiny cot. He had said Dylan was not an obsession. He had led her to believe that locking himself in that den, listening to music was his way of coping with the loss of their little girl. Now it was clear to Jenny that what he said was a lie. A snidey, nasty little lie. She believed he had used Belle as the excuse for why he spent so much time away from his family.
But, if only Joe had told her the real reason he was fixated with Dylan, then she might have understood. It could have been a fixation with any musician or any band. It could have been The Beatles, Beachboys, Bon Jovi or The Bellamy Brothers. But it had been because Dylan's 'Blowin' in the Wind' had chimed as he lay dead on the classroom floor. He could hear it when he stood at the edge of Heaven. And what made it more poignant, Jenny, the girl he loved, even when he was eleven, played the song on her guitar. He had told no one about what he had experienced. Perhaps now was the time he should talk about it.
Joe was about to tell her what happened the day he died and came back. But the second she saw him attempting to form words, even before the first syllable left his lips, she was drawn by an urge to hurt him. It was not planned; it just happened. Robert looked up from his fossil book as Jenny began to swing the carrier bag weighed with fossils. Joe saw it rise above her head, and she swung it in an eerie arc. He watched Jenny, and it seemed like slow motion. But not slow enough for him to move out of her way. Robert screamed when the bag broke against the side of his father's head. Joe hit the ground hard, and the back of his head cracked against the nail.
 
Chapter 5
It's still not your time


Every second of every day of Joe's life ran in real-time before his eyes. From the instant he was born, until Jenny hit him with the bag of fossils flashed before him. But in that flash, everything was accounted for. Every word he had ever heard and every sight he had ever seen. Every emotion and every pain, every kiss and every embrace, every high and every low played out before him. Unlike when he almost died when he was eleven, Joe had witnessed a life review that detailed his entire life. Nothing had been left out.

After the life review, the first thing Joe was aware of was the flowers. He knew they were there before his eyes opened. Joe could smell them, and they were wonderful. Next, he felt warm air breeze across his face and it was just like before. He lay on his back smiling like a lone, chilled sunbather on a deserted beach. He felt obliged to open his eyes but had no urge to do so, at least not to begin with. But when another faint breeze blew against his face, he wrestled his eyelids open. Sleepy dust was lodged in the corners like he had been sleeping for days. His floppy limbs felt like they were weighed down as if gravity worked overtime. Finally, his eyes became accustomed to his surroundings, and it was the same as before, but without the sound of the music class singing 'Blowin' in the Wind'.
The blue-black sky was stunning, and the warm sun was a distant pinprick. The memory of the fight he had with Jenny seemed a lifetime ago, but at the same time, it was still fresh in his mind. Her anger had been intense, and his head ached because of cracking it on the nail. He turned his head from side to side and saw the causeway had gone, but he was not surprised. The flowers grew taller than before, and Joe felt happy and carefree. This time, no matter what his Uncle John said, Joe was not going back. A thought occurred to him. He was now older than John. He wondered if John had aged since he had last seen him in the clouds.
Just like before, the dot in the sky quickly grew. The dark sky was no more, and the light shone everywhere in a heavenly fashion as if it were filtered through clouds. The backlit figure returned, and just like before, offered a hand. Joe rose from the soft ground, and the figure led the way. Joe looked down, and instead of the bed of beautiful flowers he had been resting on, he saw Robert hugging his lifeless body. He knew by the way his body lay crumpled that Jenny had killed him. He saw his head resting against the nail, and there was an awful lot of blood. Robert cried while caressing his father, and Jenny watched blankly. Joe was not sad, not in the slightest. He whispered goodbye, and when he did, Jenny looked up towards him and he was sure she heard him.
Joe took one last look at Robert and read the words as they fell from his son's lips.
'Don't die. Daddy, please don't die.'
Joe soared with the figure. Robert, Jenny, the causeway, and his limp body became very small as he ascended. Then they were gone and a kaleidoscope of colours led the way. Joe was joyful, more so than before. The silent figure tugged harder at Joe's hand, and they rose faster.
Joe headed towards a new dot of light. Very quickly it grew immense, and the beautiful colours became obliterated. Just as before, veil faced figures stood in the light. But there were more than last time. John was the first person he recognised and in his arms was a baby wrapped in a gown. It was Belle. John smiled and tilted Belle so Joe could see her tiny face. Joe smiled. His great grandfather Charles was there too. Behind his great grandfather, he saw another John, it was John Rollins. Their eyes met, and they smiled without speaking. The last time he had seen his old school friend was a week before he boarded the airliner that took his life. His body, along with the other one-hundred and ninety passengers and crew, was never found. The plane had crashed somewhere in the Med. A few aircraft parts had washed up on an island, but other than that, the plane's whereabouts was a mystery.
Joe saw his grandparents on his father's side who had died of cancer within a year of each other. Apart from Belle, all the faces were veiled, but still, he knew who each person was.
Between them and Joe was a threshold, which he did not remember from the last time. It was a line that shone and sparkled like opal and ran into the distance on either side of him. It went on forever. Joe knew that when he stepped over it, there would be no going back. He was about to find the answer to the question that mankind had asked since it could wonder about such things. The feeling of love towards him was overbearing, and the figure gestured at him to cross the line. Joe began to move across the threshold but suddenly felt heavy. He tried to move, but something was holding him back. John Rollin's stepped from behind Joe's uncle, and in unison, the two Johns mouthed, 'It's still not your time.'
Joe shook his head. He was not going back…. not again. He could not bear the thought, and he was desperate to cross over. He was sure that beyond the edge were delights of unimaginable happiness. 'It's still not your time,' mouthed the two Johns again, and this time the other figures joined in, even tiny Belle in her little baby gown. Her thin little lips clearly mouthed, 'It's still not your time.'
Joe jerked back violently. His head lurched forward, and his body jolted backwards. He felt sick and was falling. Air rushed past him, and he was scared. He understood he was dead, but Joe knew there was going to be one hell of a bang when he hit the ground, or whatever was below.
And he was right. He hit the ground with such force that he was sure he would snap in half. His eyes were closed, but flashes of white dotted his vision like whirling, spinning stars. The back of his head burned like hell. The pain was unbearable, but it was overshadowed by the anger of not crossing the threshold to happiness. He was sure that whatever happened next would be nothing compared to what would have welcomed him on the other side. Or was he?
 
Chapter 6
Where the hell did you come from?


Joe woke to the harsh chitter-chatter of frantic voices. His vision was blurred, but he knew where he was. The flagstones of the causeway were hard against his pained body. He had been so close to crossing the line and entering God's kingdom. Lately, Joe had become religious, like he was planning on dying. He rolled his head and whispered, "why?" Joe was angry. If he could have taken two steps forward, then he would have been in Heaven.
The voices became clearer, but they made no sense because Joe was too bewildered to understand. Somehow, he had survived. He remembered seeing the pool of blood seeping from his head as he looked down upon himself. Surely, he must have died. No one could have survived after losing so much blood from a crack in the head. Perhaps he was in Heaven? But, if he was, it was nothing like he had hoped.
Things slowly became clearer, but Joe barely had the strength to lift his arms. Finally, he managed to reach the back of his head with his hand. He expected to feel thick, warm blood matting his hair. But instead, his head was dry. He dragged the back of his hand lazily over the flagstones which were also dry. Where was the blood? It made no sense.
His perceptiveness improved, but his vision was still poor. He saw flashes of people around him. They were male; he could tell by their voices. He wondered where the hell Robert and Jenny were. He presumed Jenny had called an ambulance, and the men were paramedics.
The air smelt cleaner than before, and Joe took in a lungful through his nostrils. It felt good. Perhaps the two Johns and the others had been right. Maybe it was still not quite his time to die. He breathed out and began to feel brighter. Joe decided that this time he was not going to keep the experience to himself. Instead, he would tell anyone who was prepared to listen, including, and most importantly, Jenny. She deserved to know. She needed to understand why he was so obsessed with Bob Dylan. He became desperate to tell her what happened back in the classroom, and he wanted to tell her what happened today.
The pain began to fade, and it was easier to move. He was still not strong enough to stand, but he felt better than when he had woken. He tried to fathom out what had happened but was too confused to think straight. Voices chirped in the background, but still, they made no sense. He rolled onto his side, his vision became clearer, and he saw a pair of feet. Beyond the feet, Joe saw a vehicle. He moved onto his back again and looked up at a man standing over him who was silhouetted by the diffused sun. The sun was high in the sky and was breaking through a thin layer of cloud. He saw noisy gulls circling like vultures. Things were not adding up. It had been a pleasant afternoon when he was fossil hunting, but now it was much warmer. The sun was too high in the sky to be late afternoon; it was like midday in early summer.
Joe began to doubt whether the men around him were paramedics. If they were, they would have been attending to him. And where was Jenny? Where was Robert? He called their names but barely made a noise. His voice was nothing more than a croak. He rolled onto his other side and saw another pair of feet. He felt stronger, but not enough to lift his head to look up to whom they belonged. He closed his eyes and tried to think. Why were his injuries not worse? He began to doubt whether the vision he saw of himself lying in a pool of blood was nothing but a dream. Perhaps it was. But the memory of the threshold of Heaven was real and Joe was sure of it. He cast his mind back to the argument with Jenny and when she hit him with the bag of fossils. Joe remembered the pain. More so, he remembered the crack when the back of his head met with the large bent nail behind him as he fell. The nail was the only constant. He felt the back of his head again, but there was nothing, not even a bump. And no pain at all, not so much as a twinge. Joe wanted answers.
Now, his headache had passed. If not for the feeling of lethargy, he would have been in good shape. Weariness was the only thing stopping him from pulling himself up from the ground. The feeling of exhaustion became overpowering, and Joe closed his eyes. It was like someone had anesthetised him. He tried to fight it, but everything went black.

Joe awoke again, and he saw figures dressed in dark clothes crouching over him. Anger replaced confusion and Joe was ready to fight the tiredness which was holding him down. He clenched his fists, grit his teeth, and tried to move. It was a hell of an effort, but he was not going to give up. It took all his strength to move. He heaved, and slowly he rolled onto his front. He looked at the wet flagstones of the causeway and thought there must have been a rain shower. He lifted his head and saw the nail. Joe was exasperated. Why wasn't anyone helping? Slowly, he dragged his arm over the flagstones and reached for the nail. He gripped it as tightly as he could and pulled himself forward. With every fibre, he fought to get to his knees. Trying to speak was pointless. All he could do was rasp pathetically and his throat was as dry as grit. Why was no one helping? It made no sense to him. He tried to get up again, and this time he wrestled with weariness until it became unbearable. He had never known anything like it. Joe pushed and pushed to do something as basic as getting to his knees. 'Don't give up,' he told himself. Joe reached out and placed his palms firmly on the flagstones. He pushed hard against the ground until his arms shook. He gasped for breath like he had been held underwater and had just come up for air.
After what seemed an age, but really was just ten, maybe fifteen seconds, Joe got to his knees. His vision improved, and he focused on the distance. He could see the river heading southwest to the Bristol Channel. Slowly, he swivelled on his knees and faced the other direction. With his head facing down, he concentrated on the flagstones. He was dizzy, bewildered, and thirsty.
He raised his head and was confused. In front of him, on the other side of the causeway, were wooden shacks. They were tatty looking things in need of a coat of paint. He tried to piece things together but failed before he began. What were the buildings? Joe knew they were not there before. Had he been taken somewhere else? There was one thing he was sure of, the causeway was the same, but at the same time, it was strangely different. When he had posed for the picture with Robert, he remembered how overgrown and dirty it was. Moss grew in the cracks between the stones, and weeds were abundant. But the flagstones he knelt on were spotless as if someone had scrubbed them clean with a wire brush. He was aware of the people around him, and things became more focused. Joe was frightened. He looked above the shacks and saw the Severn Bridge. It looked different, but he could not work out why.
The mission of hauling himself to his knees had taken its toll. Joe was worn out. He was more tired than when he ran the Bath Half Marathon two years ago. Joe turned his head to his left and looked at the vehicle at the end of the causeway. Then, he remembered two posts in the ground at the beginning of the causeway to stop vehicles from driving onto it. He wondered how the car had got there. The black car seemed familiar, but Joe did not know why.
Now it was time for him to take the next step. It was time to get to his feet, but before he began, someone handed him a cup of water. He gulped it back so fast, the water almost came back up. His throat was still dry, but not quite as before. Drinking made him short on breath. He took a few gasps and calmed down. Then the struggle to stand began.
The voices around him continued to chatter in bemused tones. The accents sounded foreign as if he were in a different country. Then he was offered a hand, which was accompanied by a voice.
"Need some help?"
It was the first time since Joe woke up that he picked out any words. Before, it was all vocalised clutter and jumble.
Joe weakly took the man's hand which was strong and steady. Slowly, Joe made it to his feet. He tried to thank the man, but he was still too drained of strength to try to speak. The man held him up, and Joe clung to him like he was a little old man.
Joe saw three or four people around him; perhaps more, it was hard to tell.
"Do you need more water?" asked the man. Joe nodded. "Get the man another cup," said the good Samaritan. Joe drank the second cup, but this time he did not gulp it in one go. Instead, he sipped it steadily, and Joe relished the tepid water as it wet his whistle. He croaked 'thank you' and handed back the cup. Water was making a world of difference, and his mind became sharper. He saw a lady wearing a flowery apron and a hairnet taking the empty cup back into one of the clapboard clad buildings. Above the building was a sign which read 'refreshments'. On either side of it were signs advertising Coca-Cola.
"Feeling any better?" asked the Samaritan. Joe nodded. He was feeling better but was nowhere near out of the woods. His body felt stronger, but his mind was taking its time catching up.
"Where the hell did you come from?"
Joe did not answer the Samaritan with words; instead, he slowly shook his head. The lady with the cup brought him a fold-up chair. The Samaritan lowered Joe to the chair, and he let out a sigh when it bore his weight. His shoulders drooped, and for the first time, he had a good look at his surroundings. The buildings ran the length of the causeway with the Severn Bridge behind them.
The black vehicle was parked at the end of the causeway. There were two signs in front of it. On the sign to the left was written 'HALT – Ticket Office'. The other sign said 'Aust Ferry Ticket Office', and beneath was an arrow pointing to the building. Nothing made sense. Then Joe noticed the Samaritan had an American accent.
Joe called for Jenny and Robert in a whisper. The Samaritan knelt at Joe's level and asked him what he just said. Joe tried again, and the Samaritan heard Joe's words, but only just.
Joe looked at the Samaritan, who was in his mid-thirties with a small, walrus-like moustache. He wore a peaked cap, and around his neck hung a camera. Joe knew little about cameras, other than the one on his phone, but he knew the one around the man's neck was old fashioned. Joe stared down at his feet and looked lazily at his trainers. He felt out of place like he was in someone else's world.
"Are you on your own?"
Joe looked for his wife and son, but it was futile. He knew they were not with him. Joe shrugged and nodded. He slowly took in his surroundings again; this time, he took in more detail. The black car looked strikingly familiar. He read the number plate beneath his breath. ‘540 CYN’. The number plate was more memorable than the car. He felt like an extra in a film. A film with no script.
"What's your story? Where are you from?" the moustached Samaritan asked. "You came from nowhere," he added.
"I came from nowhere?" asked Joe; it was the first time he had spoken loud enough to be heard.
"Yeah. One minute you weren't here, and the next, you were. If you'd arrived twenty seconds earlier, you would have been in my picture."
"What picture?"
The Samaritan waved the camera. I'm a photographer. I'd just taken a picture of my friend, and then you appeared at his feet."
Joe was frightened. Surely it had to be a dream. But, if it was, it was a very realistic one. Joe was full of questions but was sure the Samaritan had no answers. He seemed as confused as Joe.
Joe felt stronger. His body was recovering, and he wanted to stand up.
"Hold on, fella," said the Samaritan, "let me help."
Joe found it surprisingly easy to stand, even without help from his new friend. He arched his back and stretched out his arms. Joe thanked the Samaritan and realised he had seen him somewhere before. Although his mind was improving, he struggled to place the man's face. Then Joe remembered who he was. 'Surely not, that man died six years ago,' thought Joe. The Samaritan saw a look in Joe's eyes as he tried to work things out.
"What's on your mind?" the Samaritan asked.
"I think I know you."
"Yeah, where from?"
“You're a photographer."
"I just told you that."
"But I know who you are; I know your name."
"Okay," the Samaritan said slowly.
Joe struggled to remember the man’s name. 'Come on, think.' But right now, thinking hard was laborious. He slowly worked through the alphabet with the hope that it would help. Finally, he got to 'Z', but nothing came to mind.
"You photograph famous people, musicians from the sixties."
"The sixties?"
"Yeah, the nineteen-sixties."
"Surely, you just mean 'now'? I take pictures of people today."
Joe, slouched. What did he mean, 'I take pictures of people today?' Then, in a flash, the man's name came to him. But it could not be him; he had died years ago; Joe was sure of it.
"I thought I knew you, but you must bear more than a passing resemblance to the person I thought you were."
"Who did you think I was?"
"No one," replied Joe, shaking his head slowly.
"Try me; give it a shot. What have you got to lose?"
Joe raised his head, looked the Samaritan in the eye and muttered warily.
"Barry Feinstein, the photographer."
"And why couldn't I be him?"
Joe was not going to say, 'because you are dead.' But he did not know what to say to the man.
"You've hit the nail on the head. I am Barry Feinstein, in the flesh."
Joe felt woozy and lightheaded and sat back down. He dropped his head in his hands, and Feinstein watched the colour drain from his face. 
"I'm gonna puke," Joe said. Feinstein took a pace back. But Joe managed to keep his lunch in his stomach. He took big gasps of air and felt a little clearer.
"You said something just now. You said you'd just taken a picture of your friend, and I appeared at his feet. What did you mean?"
"I meant just what I said. I was taking pictures of my friend, and I looked down and there you were, crumpled on the floor at Bob's feet. Like I said, if I'd taken the picture twenty seconds later, you would have been in it."
"Bob? Bob who?" Joe asked, but he kind of wished he had not. Deep down, he knew who Bob was, but there was no way it could be him.
"Dylan, Bob Dylan," said Feinstein, pointing to a figure leaning against the refreshment shack.
Joe looked and saw a man dressed in black. He had big hair and wore shades. Joe could not understand. It was definitely Dylan…. but how? Why?
Bob Dylan casually strolled over and took off his shades.
"Fancy footwear. Cool," said Dylan.
Joe Treasure's world went fuzzy again…. and then he passed out.
 
Chapter 7
I almost tripped over your head


A few minutes later, Joe came around…. again. This was the third time he had woken from unconsciousness.  It took a few seconds for him to remember what happened while he sat awkwardly in the fold-up chair. Barry Feinstein and Bob Dylan, along with several others, eyed Joe suspiciously.
"What's your story?" muttered Feinstein before taking a picture of Joe in a confused state, slumped in the chair. 
"You shouldn't do that, not without his permission," Dylan said with a grin before strolling off in the direction of the ticket office. He stopped to reluctantly sign an autograph for someone who recognised him.
"You've gotta help me," Joe said nervously.
"What can I do? Where are you from?" asked Feinstein.
"Bristol."
"Bristol's not far. We've just come from there. Head home. Catch a bus…. were you at the show last night?"
Joe shook his head. No, he was not at the show last night. But he had known people who had been, people who were considerably older than him. Feinstein was referring to the concert at the Colston Hall.
Joe knew where he was. And although he could not explain it, he knew when it was too…, to the exact date. The eleventh of May, nineteen sixty-six. He was where Dylan had stood fifty years earlier, waiting for the Aust Ferry to take him across the River Severn to Beachley in Wales. Dylan would head to Cardiff with his entourage, including Feinstein, to perform at the city's Capitol Theatre.
His head spun, and he tried to take on board what was happening. Things were too real to be a dream. The smell of the river, the soft breeze, and the trees rustling were real enough. He did not pinch himself, but he did stamp his feet and slap his face.
"I can't go home," Joe eventually said in response to Feinstein's suggestion.
"Why not?"
"Because I'm not born yet."
Joe could have caught a bus or a train to his parent's place. They had lived in the same house since nineteen fifty-nine, and it was likely they would be home. But he doubted whether they would be too accommodating if he were to rock up on their doorstep and announce he was their forty-year-old son, who was yet to be born.
Feinstein looked cockeyed.
"Tell me what happened again; I mean what happened when you found me?" asked Joe, in a slow, nervous tone.
Feinstein answered warily.
"I'd just taken a picture of Bob. So, I lowered my camera, and there you were."
"I almost tripped over your head," chimed Dylan, who strolled back over. "I'm not kidding either."
Joe looked at his hero. It really was Dylan. He had always dreamt of meeting him, but not on these terms. He stumbled over his words as he spoke.
"One minute I was here with my wife and son in two-thousand and sixteen, and next, I am here.… now."
"What do you mean, two-thousand and sixteen? Like the year?" asked Feinstein, almost jokingly.
"Yeah, exactly, like in the year."
"Bullshit," snapped Feinstein.
"The picture you took of Bob, the one on the causeway, It's hanging on my wall at home. It's iconic."
"Bullshit," snapped Feinstein again. This time, sounding a tad agitated.
Then a thought occurred to Joe. He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out his phone. Feinstein looked at the Samsung Galaxy with curiosity.
"What the hell is that thing?” he asked. Joe did not answer. He tapped in his PIN, and the phone lit up. Joe scrolled through the gallery app and found the famous picture of Dylan on the wharf, which he had recently downloaded to his phone. He turned the phone around so Feinstein could see. Joe watched, almost smugly, as Feinstein stared open-eyed.
"It's a trick. I've not even had that picture developed yet. That's the last picture I took fifteen minutes ago."
"No trick. I can't explain why I'm here, but I promise…. it's no trickery."
"Bob, take a look," said Feinstein. Dylan leaned in. "No freakin' way," he said with a look of someone who had just watched an inexplicable magic trick.
"He says he's from the future," Feinstein said.  "I know, I heard him," said Dylan.
Joe was more bemused that he was in nineteen sixty-six than he was talking with Bob Dylan. The fact he was alongside the man who made his musical world spin seemed quite ordinary compared to everything else that was happening. Again, he took a few seconds to try and get his tired mind around what had happened.
"Look at this then," Joe said, scrolling through the most recent pictures on his phone.
He showed them three pictures.
"Look here. That's me, my son and my wife." He scrolled to the next. "And that's me and my son, Robert." Then, finally, he scrolled to the last picture that Jenny had taken. The photo in which Joe had posed as Bob. "My wife took this one. I was standing right there," Joe said, pointing to the nail.
Feinstein swallowed hard. He remembered Dylan casually posing for the picture with his hands in his pockets and wearing his shades. Feinstein saw the bent nail behind Joe in the image and looked at the same nail in front of him.
Dylan and Feinstein exchanged glances. 
"I don't know how he's doing it," whispered Feinstein to Dylan, but not quietly enough for Joe not to hear.
"What the hell is that thing?" asked Feinstein, referring to the Galaxy.
"My phone."
"You mean as in a telephone?" asked Feinstein with his hand open for Joe to pass the Galaxy to him. Joe nodded and handed it to the bemused photographer. He told him to be careful.
The picture of Joe on the wharf began to dim.
"Where's it going?" asked Feinstein.
Joe told him to tap the screen, and the picture became bright again. Feinstein copied what Joe had done and scrolled through the photographs tentatively with his finger. He had never seen anything like it. Feinstein's eyes were wide open as he flicked through dozens of pictures in Joe's gallery app. There were family pictures and a picture of Jenny in her new Kia Sportage. Feinstein almost dropped Joe's phone when he saw a picture of Joe trying to ride his neighbour's electric unicycle. Joe took back his phone, opened the video gallery and showed Feinstein a video of Joe riding the thing badly across his neighbour's driveway. Feinstein could not believe what he saw. Dylan watched too. They were interrupted by an announcement telling them that the ferry had docked at the end of the wooden pier beyond the stone causeway.
Feinstein slowly began to believe that Joe's story could possibly be true. He read what was on Joe's t-shirt. Feinstein frowned when he saw it referred to the London 2012 Olympics. He scrutinised his colourful Nike Challengers. Another announcement heralded the arrival of the Severn Princess.
Cars that had boarded the ferry at the Welsh side of the crossing made their way along the causeway. Joe saw a driver double-take when he spotted Bob Dylan casually waiting on the wharf.
A man shouted in a Scottish accent from the side of the car that it was time to go.
Feinstein turned to leave and was about to follow Dylan. 
"So, what you gonna do?" asked Feinstein.
Joe shrugged. He really had no idea where to go. Feinstein strolled quickly to Dylan, grabbed his elbow, and engaged him in conversation. Joe watched; he had an inkling what Feinstein and Dylan were talking about. He could tell by their body language that their discussion was heated. Finally, the Scottish man started the car. He told them to hurry because the ferry was ready to board. Feinstein walked back to Joe with a spring in his step.
"Do you wanna come to Wales with us? I wanna hear more about your story."
It did not take long for Joe to decide. Spending time with Dylan? Sure, it was a no brainer. Anyway, where else was there for Joe to go? Of course, he said yes, but he wanted to play it cool.
"Sure, why not?"
He followed Feinstein and Dylan to the black Austin Princess. Dylan got in first, and Feinstein held the door for Joe. Joe was not sure what was weirder - being with Dylan, or being in the back of a car which featured in a poster which adorned the wall of his den?
"Picking up waifs and strays?" asked the driver in a flat tone.
"Nice car," Joe said. He didn't know what else to say.
"We're borrowing it from The Stones," Feinstein said.
"The Rolling Stones?"
"Well, do you know any other Stones?"
The first thing that struck Joe about the Princess was the smell. Joe did not smoke, and the car stank of stale cigarettes, which irritated his throat. A copy of the Daily Sketch lay crumpled on the floor and Joe picked it up. There was an article on the front page about the Moors Murder trial ending, with Ian Brady being found guilty on all three counts of murder. Joe looked at the date of the newspaper. It was the sixth of May, nineteen-sixty-six.
 "Is this today's paper?"
"No, it's been in the car about a week," Feinstein said.
Joe blew air between his teeth. It was definite proof he had travelled back in time, not that meeting Bob Dylan on Aust Wharf was not already proof enough.
"This is still talked about now," muttered Joe as he flicked the bitterly iconic images of Ian Brady and Myra Hindley like they were annoying flies. It seemed odd that fifty years later, the media still used the same pictures of the pair.
Joe stared up at the Severn Bridge. The stanchions were in place, but the bridge was far from complete. Sections of the road were being added. His head began to spin again when he considered how many times he had traversed the bridge, man and boy. He pushed the thought to one side. There were just too many other things spinning around his head to contend with.
Dylan caught Joe giving him a sideways glance. He pretended not to notice.

The Princess moved forward and crept onto a wooden pier. Behind were several other cars which had just arrived. The Princess was the first car in the queue to board the ferry, but the driver had to wait until all the vehicles from Wales had alighted. The ferry was docked sideways to the pier, and cars left at a ninety-degree angle to the ferry. Joe strained his neck to watch the vehicles disembark. He wondered how the cars left at such a strange angle.
When the last car had left the ferry, a man signalled to the driver of the Princess to move forward. He guided the car onto the ferry. Another man raised his hand to halt the Princess when it was on the ferry, and Joe felt the car turn. They were on a turntable which swivelled them stern side. The driver edged forward until the man raised his hand again. It took a while to load all the cars onto the ferry. Dylan and Feinstein looked out of the window without speaking. Feinstein raised his camera intending to take photographs but lowered it when the ferry began to move. The sensation of the moving ferry made Joe feel sick. It was a combination of the ferry, travelling in time, and meeting Dylan that made him feel ill. He lurched out of the Princess and was sick over the side of the ferry. He felt the eyes of the other passenger's drilling into him. He stood up straight, closed his eyes and tried to steady himself. He felt awful and sat on a bench with his head stooped. His hands were tightly between his knees.
He spied a manilla envelope behind the driver's side front wheel of the Princess. It had two letters written on it in pen. CP. He picked it up, looked inside and found a wedge of paper money. He knew he had to hand it to someone who worked on the ferry. He would do that later because right now, he needed to be sick again. He stumbled forward and leaned over the port side gunwale and puked a second time.
He felt an arm on his shoulder. It was Feinstein.
"I guess you don't do boats," he said with a smile. Joe wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. Feinstein handed him a handkerchief, but Joe waved it away, saying he was okay.
"It's not just the boat; it's the whole dam scenario."
Joe gazed upriver towards Gloucester, then pointed at the bridge.
"I've driven over that bridge more times than I care to remember, yet the thing's not even finished yet. Every time I drive over it, I look at the remains of the pier. There's barely anything left of it now. It's just a wooden skeleton visible at low tide. But today, I was on it." 
Joe slowly shook his head, and Feinstein listened.
"See that in the distance, that's gonna be a nuclear power station. They're still building it, but in my time, it's already decommissioned. I can't get my head around any of this."
Joe thought of Jenny and Robert. He was missing them and wished none of this was happening. He turned to Feinstein.
"Do you believe me?"
Joe put Feinstein on the spot, and Feinstein paused before answering. He thought about the strange man with stories from the future. Joe had evidence on the odd-looking device, which he seemed to guard closely. Feinstein did not answer; instead, he turned the question around.
"So, who's the president of the United States in your time?"
"Barack Obama. He's the first black president."
"You're shitting me."
Joe shook his head.
"That's cool. Perhaps America's a better place in your time. Tell me more about the future; is it much different to now?"
Joe wasn't sure whether Feinstein was patronising; his accent made it difficult to tell. He looked to the sky and breathed the air. Things seem pretty much as they did fifty years from now. The trees looked the same, as did the clouds and gulls which followed the ferry. He glanced at the cars on the ferry, which hammered home the fact that he was out of his depth. They were all old models, but most of them looked like they had only recently left the showroom.
"I guess the biggest difference is technology," Joe said, pulling his phone from his pocket and facing away from the water. It was a subconscious move to lessen the chance of dropping it into the Severn.  Feinstein noticed how protective of it Joe was.
"So, you can call anyone on that thing?" he asked.
"Yeah, well no, not at the moment."
"Why not?"
"There's no technology in place to make it work."
"But it's a phone that takes pictures and movies, right?"
"And a hundred other things."
"Like what?"
"It's a TV, a radio, even a cinema. You can access any information from anywhere in the world. Basically, it's a computer in your hand." Joe thought about how far mankind had come in fifty years. "This is a more powerful computer than all the technology that got Neil Armstrong to the moon," he said, waggling the phone in Feinstein's face.
"We got a man on the moon?"
"America got several up there. They took a car up there too, a Lunar Rover."
"I knew we were supposed to be working on it…, but I didn't think we actually…," Feinstein's voice trailed.
"You asked me whether I believe you," Feinstein said, looking at Joe's phone. "The answer is…. I probably do, but it’s all so unbelievable. You seem damn convincing to me. Tell me, how do you think you got here? I mean here as in nineteen sixty-six." Feinstein’s voice trembled.
Joe told him how Jenny had hit him. He told him about his near-death experience and described the garden, the colours, the smells and how he was told that it was not yet his time to die.
"The thing is, Mr Feinstein, I don't know if I am even dead now. I mean, how would I know? All this is just too weird."
"I can tell you one thing, as far as I'm concerned, you're alive and kicking. Because if you’re dead, then I'd be dead too. I'm as sure as anything that I'm alive."
Joe knew Feinstein was alive because he knew when he died, forty-four years from now.

The ferry chugged across the Severn, and in what seemed no time at all, it was about to dock. Feinstein and Joe got in the car.
Joe got on well with Feinstein, they had forged an odd kind of friendship, but Dylan was harder to click with. He said very little and seemed aloof with Joe. Finally, when Feinstein closed his door, and Joe sat between him and Dylan, Dylan opened his door and got out.
"Don't worry, he'll warm to you. Give him some space. Are you a fan of his music?"
"You could say that," answered Joe reflectively. "I've got everything he's ever recorded."
"So, you've got stuff he's not written yet?"
"I guess so. This is too weird." Joe shook his head slowly.
The driver started the car and shouted to Dylan, who ambled back. He sat beside Joe and looked out of the window on his side. He purposely avoided contact with Joe. Dylan made him feel uncomfortable and it was awkward. Dylan was smaller than Joe expected. Joe wasn't a big person but thought he towered over Dylan. Joe thought the singer was insect-like, with exploding hair.
"Is your new friend joining us for the whole tour?" Dylan asked, continuing to look out the window.
"It's your call, Bob. You ought to get to know him. He's got some stories to tell."
"I guess he has; I've never met a time traveller before."
It was clear that Dylan thought Joe was a fake. But why the hell would he believe him? Dylan had known Feinstein for years. They had been friends long before Feinstein became Dylan's photographer. So, Dylan found it hard to understand why his usually level-headed and rational friend had fallen for Joe's story.
The car edged onto the turntable, turned ninety degrees, and rolled off the ferry. Joe pulled his phone out to check the time and realised it was pointless. His phone told him it was quarter past six in the evening, which was the time when he was in two-thousand and sixteen. So, he asked Feinstein, who told him it was just after three.
Dylan and Feinstein discussed things, and Joe scrolled through his phone. He instinctively tapped the Facebook app, then sighed when nothing loaded. He noticed Feinstein eyeing the phone, but Dylan did not appear to be interested.
"How do you make a call on that thing?" Feinstein asked.
Joe tapped the telephone icon, and the keyboard popped up. Dylan watched from the corner of his eye.
"These are my contacts," Joe said, bringing up the list of details stored in his phone.
"So, if I wanted to call you on that thing, I would have to wait fifty years?" asked Feinstein.
"No, not that long. I've had the number for this phone for about ten years. But you'd have to call me after fifty years from today, or else I wouldn't believe it was you." Joe smirked to himself at the ridiculousness of the whole thing.
"Give me your number; I'll make a note to call you in fifty years. That'll prove one way or another whether you're from the future."
Joe felt terrible knowing Feinstein did not make it to live that long. However, he knew not to mention that Feinstein would be dead by then.
Feinstein pulled a notepad from his pocket and offered Joe a pen.
"We're about the same age; hopefully, we'll both still be alive in fifty years."
Feinstein's comment made Joe wonder if he would ever get back to Jenny and Robert. If he let time run its natural course and waited fifty years, then Joe would be a man in his nineties. He shuddered at the notion and needed to find a way back to two thousand and sixteen. The urge to return to normal outweighed being with Dylan. Anyway, Joe discovered that he did not particularly like the man.
"Go on, write it down," Feinstein said.
Joe jotted down his eleven-digit phone number, and Feinstein gasped when he saw how long it was. It was more than twice his number. Feinstein folded the paper and put it in his jacket pocket.
The Princess drove up the concrete ramp and left the ferry behind and Joe had a sudden urge to get out. Being in Wales felt like even further from home, in every sense of the word. He looked at the Severn Bridge, which had a missing motorway section and began to panic. He had an urge to get back on the ferry and head back to England.
"Can you let me out? Please, I need to go home."
"To where, though? You're from the future, aren't you?" Dylan said, almost in a whisper.
"I don't know. Perhaps I can go to my parents. I know I'm not alive in their time right now, but I look just like my dad, perhaps they'll believe me."
Joe pulled up a picture of him with his parents and showed it. He did look strikingly like his father. If he turned up in nineteen sixty-six, they would look like brothers.
Feinstein sensed Joe's anxiety; his fear was palpable. The longer Feinstein spent with Joe Treasure, the more genuine his absurd story seemed. But whether Joe was telling the truth or not, Barry Feinstein was fascinated by him.
"It's okay, stick with us for a bit. I'm sure there's a way out of this."
Chapter 8
I'm sure I know your favourite poem


The Princess headed to the Capitol Theatre on Queens Street, where Dylan would perform in just over three hours. Dylan asked the driver to stop because he needed cigarettes. Joe expected him to ask the driver to get him cigarettes, but Dylan seemed happy to buy his own. A small crowd soon appeared, and Dylan was jostled for his autograph. Joe watched from the car and thought how cool Dylan looked and Feinstein stepped out with his camera. Dylan walked into a tobacconist shop, and three fans followed him in. It struck Joe that he had not seen a tobacconist in years. It was just another piece of evidence that proved he was in the past.
"Is it always like this?" Joe asked the driver. It was the first time he had spoken to the man, who had said very little.
"It's always different," was the driver's mumbled reply. Joe knew not to bother trying to talk with the man. He probably assumed him to be just another crazy freeloader vying for Dylan's attention.
Dylan spent a long time buying a pack of cigarettes. Joe watched the autograph hunters leave the shop, which left Dylan and Feinstein alone.

"You believe him, don't you?” Dylan asked as he paid for his cigarettes. Feinstein took a picture of Dylan and the man serving behind the till. He lowered the camera, gazed through the shop window, and saw Joe in the car. He carefully considered his response.
"If he's lying, then he's bloody convincing. His clothes and that phone thing…. I know it sounds incredulous, and I know time travel can't happen, but there's something about that man that's got me hooked."
"I think you want to believe him."
"Perhaps."
"How long have we known each other?  In all the years we've been friends, I've never seen you like this. It's not like you."
"I know. I can't explain."
"I don't like him. He makes me nervous."
"It's up to you. You're the boss."
The shopkeeper had no idea what they were talking about. He did not even know who Dylan was.
"Is there anything else I can help you with today, sir?" asked the shopkeeper in his strong Cardiff accent.
"No thanks," said Dylan, opening the door for Feinstein.
"Okay, he can hang around for now, but I don't want him with us for the rest of the tour. And if he causes any trouble, he's gotta go."
Feinstein nodded, and they walked out.

The journey in the Princess carried on to the theatre. When they arrived, Joe saw a sign above the entrance announcing Dylan was playing tonight. A crowd waited excitedly to greet Dylan, and immediately, they closed in on the Princess. Joe pulled his phone out to take a picture of the theatre. 
"No!" snapped Feinstein. Joe was taken aback.
"I'm the only photographer on this tour. So, if I find you taking pictures of anything, and I mean anything, I'll stamp on that bloody toy and break it in two."
Joe had only known Feinstein a short while and thought he had judged his character. He did not know him well enough to say they were friends, but he felt a bond between them. But when Feinstein snapped at him, Joe had to revaluate their relationship. He agreed and slipped the phone back into his pocket.
Someone opened Dylan's door, and he slowly got out. Feinstein was already out of the car with his camera poised for action while Joe followed behind.
A lot of people wanted their share of Bob Dylan. However, Joe saw how coy he was amongst his followers. He did not smile but just gave the occasional nod as he spoke. He did not seem to enjoy being a celebrity, at least not in Joe's eyes.
A couple of security men ushered Dylan and Feinstein into the theatre. They stopped the throng of fans from sneaking in behind. Joe found himself caught up with the fans, and security stood in his way. The door was about to close, and Joe called Feinstein's name twice. Feinstein heard him the second time.
"It's okay. He's with us," said Feinstein. The security man nodded and helped Joe through the crowd and into the theatre.
The first thing Joe noticed about the place was the smell. If he thought the Princess smelt of cigarettes, then the Capitol Theatre reeked. It was a stale smell, and one Joe had not smelt since smoking had been banned in public places. He followed Dylan and Feinstein into the theatre and gasped when he saw the size of the auditorium. There were thousands of seats downstairs and more above in the dress circle.
Two large speaker cabinets stood either side of the stage, and Joe recognised the drummer Mickey Jones and Dylan’s guitarist Robbie Robertson who were both on the stage. For the first time, Dylan seemed animated and skipped towards the stage to meet his friends. Joe had almost forgotten that the nineteen sixty-six world tour included a band and was not just Dylan performing solo. He wondered why the band did not travel in the Princess; after all, it was just about big enough. Later, Feinstein told him they usually travelled separately from Bob in the minibus with the equipment. But, unfortunately, the minibus was too large for the Aust Ferry, so it had taken the long route through Gloucester.
Dylan strapped on his 'Nick Lucas Special' guitar and began strumming. Joe watched with his mouth hanging open. He had seen Dylan only once when he played Wembley Arena in October two-thousand, and the place was huge. And despite the impact of the size the Capitol Theatre made on him as he walked in, it now seemed like an 'upfront and personal' pub gig compared to Wembley. The security man who had helped Joe into the theatre approached him and offered him a security pass. Joe thanked him and pinned it to his shirt. The man read Joe's t-shirt and seemed to think nothing of it, but he gave the Nikes a long hard stare before walking off.
Now Joe was free to come and go as he pleased, and he longed for a drink. They had passed a pub on the way to the theatre, and right now, he had a thirst on. So, he told Feinstein he was going outside, and Feinstein nodded and told him to take care. The security man unlocked the doors, and Joe slipped out.
It felt good to be on his own. He needed to be alone and think things through. He wanted to piece things together and work out how the hell he became to be in nineteen sixty-six. He pushed open the pub door and saw it was almost empty. Again, like the Princess and the theatre, the pub smelt of smoke. The carpet was sticky, and he walked to the bar.
"What can I get you?" asked the man behind the bar. Joe was about to say he wanted a beer but spotted a bottle of scotch on the shelf.
"Scotch, please, make it a double. Ice too if you have any."
He reached in his pocket and grabbed the manila envelope he had found on the ferry. He had intended on handing it in but got caught up in the moment when chatting to Feinstein. It was a genuine mistake. Anyway, he needed the money. In his wallet was cash from the future and his debit card. Both were useless.
The man put the drink on the bar, and Joe handed him a note.
"Have you got anything smaller?"
Joe had no idea of the price of things and had passed the barman the first note he found in the envelope. The barman shrugged, tutted, and returned with a fistful of change.
He drank the whisky a little too fast and asked for another, but a single this time. The barman obliged, and Joe put some coins down. The barman assumed that Joe could not count and pushed the excess coins back.
Joe took the drink to a table and sat alone with his thoughts. He felt a little giddy; the first drink was already taking effect. He attempted to piece together how things had panned out and wondered if there was a way back to his time. But his thoughts were interrupted by a rowdy couple of Welsh men sitting on the other side. The men laughed and chattered cheerily. One of the men, the louder of the pair, sounded familiar. Very familiar. His baritone voice and the way he rolled his 'Rs' rang bells from Joe's childhood. Joe moved seats and sat closer so he could listen. He scrutinised him and tried not to make it obvious, but the second whisky, which was going down as easy as the first, made it hard for Joe to hide that he was trying to work out who the man was. They spoke about Dylan and Joe assumed they were here for the show.
"Are you okay over there?" the smaller of the men asked.
Joe got up and sauntered over, and the man clenched his fists in readiness. His drinking buddy was a mountain of a man.
"I'm sure I know you from somewhere, but I can't think where from," said Joe.
"Well, I don't know you."
Not only did he sound familiar, but he looked familiar too. Joe's overtired, slightly tipsy, and confused brain tried hard to compute things. And then he realised who the man was. He almost dropped his glass when he saw it was Hywel Morgan, his old English teacher. He was in his thirties and had hair. Lots of hair. His jolly eyes and wide grin looked the same.
The other man, who was a large, stocky fellow, watched the colour drain from Joe's face.
"Are you okay? You look very pale."
It was the craziest day of Joseph Treasure's life. He thought about how things had panned out as he slumped on a hard wooden chair. And now, here he was, talking to the man who he was sure would become his English teacher. Other than having a full head of scruffy hair and skin a little less lined, it was Hywel Morgan, without a shadow of a doubt. He shook his head in disbelief, but he had to make sure. Joe's whisky fuelled mind put his mouth in gear, and he began to speak.
"I know you; I know who you are. You're Hywel Morgan."
The man put down his beer and looked at Joe.
"How do you know me? I can't say I recognise you."
Joe had to think quickly. Even though he was a little drunk, he knew he had to be careful about what to say.
"You're a Dylan fan, aren't you? I can't be certain, but I'm sure we've met before at a folk show or something."
"Probably. I'm normally pissed or stoned when I'm at those gigs. Sorry for not remembering you."
Joe shuddered again. It really was Morgan. The idea of his English teacher taking drugs made Joe smile. He could not believe it was him. It was the man who was partially responsible for Joe almost dying the first time around. Joe posed a question.
"You like poetry, don't you?"
"I may."
"I'm sure I know your favourite poem; it's one of Walter De La Mare's."
"I'm partial to some of De La Mare's work. Which poem are you referring to?"
"The Little Creature."
"I'm not sure I know that one. How does it go?"
"Sure, you know it. Let me get another drink, and I'll recite it. Can I get you both a drink?"
Joe's new friends smiled and passed him their empty glasses. He returned with two beers and another single whisky.
They chinked glasses, and Joe cleared his throat.

"Twinkum, twankum, twirlum and twitch,
my great grandam - She was a witch
Mouse in wainscot, Saint in niche -
my great grandam - she was a Witch
Deadly nightshade flowers in a ditch -
My great grandam - she was a witch.
Long though the shroud it grows stitch by stitch -
My great grandam - she was a witch.
Wean your weakling before you breech -
My great grandam - she was a witch.
The fattest pig's but a double flitch -
My great grandam - she was a witch.
Nightjars rattle, owls scritch -
My great grandam - She was a witch.
Pretty and small,
A mere nothing at all,
Pinned up sharp in the ghost of a shawl,
She'd straddle her down to the kirkyard wall,
And mutter and whisper and call; and call -
And - call.
Red blood out and black blood in,
My Nannie says I'm a child of sin -
How did I choose me my witchcraft kin!
Know I as soon as dark's dreams begin
Snared is my heart in a nightmare's gin.
Never from terror I out may win.
So dawn and dusk I pine, peak, thin,
Scarcely beknowing t'other from which -
My great grandam - She was a witch."

Joe bowed and Morgan and his friend clapped enthusiastically.
"That was very entertaining, but I can honestly say I've never heard that one before," said Morgan.
Joe was taken aback.
"But surely you must."
"Nope, never heard it. But I have now. You'll have to recite it again. It's great. I love it."
Joe could not believe Morgan did not know the poem. He had recited it dozens of times to his English class. Then Joe considered the possibility that he had just introduced Morgan to the De La Mare poem.
"You're an English teacher, aren't you?" 
"No, I'm a builder by trade. But it's funny you should ask because I have been toying with the idea of teaching for a while. So, what made you say I am a teacher?"
"I dunno. I thought I'd heard it mentioned at one of those folk clubs I've seen you at."
"You seem to know a lot about me. Tell us a bit about yourself. What's your name?"
Joe was about to tell them who he was, but he paused and bit his lip. It would be freaky if Morgan remembered him in the future with the same name. 'Treasure' was an uncommon surname, and he decided to keep his true identity to himself. Joe needed to think of another moniker. He hated being put on the spot and tried to think of a name. One that he would need to remember if ever he spoke to Morgan and his friend again.
His thoughts wandered, and he remembered his den back home in Bristol. Then, in his mind's eye, he saw the Woody Guthrie poster on his wall.
"Arlo, my name's Arlo Jackson," lied Joe, borrowing his new name from the son of Woody Guthrie.
"Pleased to meet you, Arlo. My name's Hywel, but of course, you already knew that. And this is my good friend Robin Jones," said Morgan shaking Joe's hand whilst gesturing to Robin with his free hand.
Robin smiled and said hello.
"I assume you're both here for the gig this evening?" asked Joe. But, of course, he already knew the answer because he had overheard them talking about tonight's show.
"Of course, and I see you are too," Hywel said, referring to the security pass pinned on Joe's London Olympics t-shirt. "Are you involved with Dylan?"
Joe felt a new lie bubbling up. He had to be careful what he said.
"No, not really. I know a friend of a friend who knows the tour organisers. So, I'm just helping backstage."
"Have you met Dylan?"
"Only fleetingly, he's a very popular person. Everyone wants a piece of him," lied Joe again.
"Any chance you could get Robin and me to meet Dylan? I'd love to speak with him."
Joe shook his head with a smile. "I doubt it very much. I'll ask, though, but don't get your hopes up," lied Joe for the third time.
Joe stood up and suddenly notice how drunk he was.
"I need to pee," he said as he made his way to the gents' toilets on shaky legs.
"Me too," said Morgan. He turned to Robin and asked him to mind their drinks.
The two men stood at their respective urinals and made the usual small talk that men do when standing next to one another in the gents.
Diffused light crept through a partially open frosted glass window and a strong smell of marijuana wafted in from outside.
"Someone's getting high," said Morgan with a grin.
Voices could be heard from the lane outside, and they were talking about Bob Dylan. Both men listened in.
Two men with strong Cardiff accents were talking about their dislike of Dylan's choice to go electric.
Joe knew of the mixed reception received during the nineteen sixty-six world tour. People had walked out, booed, and catcalled Dylan. Joe had seen enough footage of the tour to know that Dylan's choice to split the shows into two halves did not fit well with everyone. The first set of songs was played by Dylan on his acoustic guitar, and the second set was Dylan playing an electric guitar with his band.
Joe and Morgan listened closely to the hushed voices outside.
What they heard next took them by surprise. The stoned men were planning on kidnapping Dylan. They spoke of a van they had parked in a small road behind the Capitol Theatre. Morgan was sure that he heard one mentioning a knife.
They looked at one another, and suddenly Joe felt very sober. Joe and Morgan had to stop them. They may have just been pranking, but it was too risky to ignore their threats. Joe was not much of a fighter and had not raised his fists in anger since his school days. He looked at Morgan, who did not look like your average tough guy. But Robin, Morgan's pal, on the other hand, was enormous.
They left the toilets without washing their hands and told Robin what they had heard. Then, the three men left the pub and headed to where the voices came from.
Two dark-haired, bespectacled men in their mid-twenties sat on beer barrels below the window of the toilets. Both were smoking and had similar beards. They could have been brothers. One of them spotted the security pass on Joe's t-shirt.
"Hi guys, have you got tickets for Dylan's show?" Joe asked.
The men nodded.
"I need to check them. There are a lot of fakes going around on this tour."
"We bought them from the box office," said one of the men.
"I'm sure you did, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Let me check your tickets if you don't mind."
"Well, we do mind, actually," said one of the folkniks, getting to his feet.
"Tickets, NOW!" snapped Joe.
Robin waded in, towering over them.
The men reluctantly pulled tickets from their wallets and handed them over. Robin passed them to Joe, who inspected them, and then ripped them up and trod on them until they were useless. One man launched himself at Joe, but Robin moved quickly and pushed him to the ground.
"Planning on a little kidnapping, were you?" Joe said. "Get your knife and give it to me," he added.
Robin picked up the man who was still standing. His huge hands grabbed his throat and lifted him off the ground.
"Knife, please!"
"He's got it," spluttered the man whilst pointing to his friend, who grudgingly pulled a small penknife from his jacket. Robin released his grip on the man’s neck and he dropped to the floor.
"You were planning on kidnapping Bob Dylan with that thing?" laughed Joe. He snatched the knife and dropped it down the grille of a drain in the kerb. The men ran when Robin began to chase them.
Joe did not know whether the men would have carried out their intentions, but he could not take a chance. He stopped for a moment and wondered whether he was responsible for saving Dylan's life. He pushed the thought to one side.
"What's the time?" he asked Robin and Morgan.
"Quarter past six," they replied in unison.
"I'd better be getting back to the venue," said Joe, turning on his feet. "Hopefully I’ll see you later."
"What the hell is that t-shirt about, and where the hell did you get those fancy shoes," said Morgan, referring to Joe's Nikes and his London Twenty-Twelve Olympics t-shirt.
"What, this old thing?" Joe said, looking down at his shirt; his mind was working overtime to think of an explanation. "A friend of mine had some made up for a joke."
"And the trainers?"
"Yeah, they're crazy, aren't they? They're foreign. They're from the States."
"Wow," said Morgan before whistling through his teeth.
"Anyway, I gotta go. See you both later."
Joe made his way back to the theatre and considered what had just happened. He wondered what other strange events the night had in store for him.
Chapter 9
Arlo's a really cool name


Joe flashed his security pass and had no problems getting back into the theatre. The doors were due to open in just under an hour. He took a few minutes to take in the opulence of the place again.
Programme sellers milled around the foyer and waited for the theatre's doors to open. Two or three hundred fans had already arrived and were waiting to be let in. Joe made his way to the auditorium and stood in the same spot where he had been earlier that afternoon. The place was empty, apart from roadcrew doing sound checks and running cables across the stage. He looked at the band's equipment and was desperate to take a picture but decided against it. He remembered Feinstein's earlier outburst. Feinstein was his only friend in the surreal world he had found himself a part of. He did not want to upset him.
One of the roadcrew saw Joe and smiled. He saw Joe's security pass and did not question who he was or why he was there. Joe stepped closer to the stage and had a closer look at the band's equipment. The setup seemed very basic compared to the shows of the twenty-first century.
After twenty minutes, fans began to fill the hall and take to their seats. It occurred to Joe that he had nowhere to watch the performance from. He had no ticket, and the show looked to be a sell-out. Where was he going to sit? He need not have worried. His security pass meant that he could go wherever he pleased. A door to his right caught his attention when a member of the crew stepped out of it. He nervously made his way to it and heard a voice call 'Arlo'. Joe heard the name called a second time and realised it was Hywel. Joe turned and gave Morgan a wave before disappearing through the door.
He walked along a dimly lit corridor and heard voices ahead of him. They came from a door on his left. American voices filled the air. Joe stood outside and considered knocking but was too nervous. He sat on a chair and pulled his phone out. Joe scrolled through the pictures Jenny had taken earlier. He scrolled back further and saw more pictures of Robert and Jenny. He was about to become lost in thought about his family when he was interrupted when the door creaked open, and Dylan stepped out holding his 'Nick Lucas' guitar. Behind him was an entourage. Dylan looked down at Joe.
"Hey, it's the future man," said Dylan before making his way to the stage. The entourage followed and a couple of them looked at Joe quizzically.
Barry Feinstein was the last of Dylan's entourage to leave the room. He stopped, knelt, and looked Joe in the eye. His camera hung around his neck. 
"I see you're still with us in nineteen sixty-six. Are you okay?"
Joe nodded. He considered telling Feinstein about his encounter with his future English teacher but decided against it. Instead, he would save that gem for later.
"Just remember what I said about taking pictures," Feinstein said. "I meant it."
Joe nodded. He had no idea why the man was so precious about Joe taking photographs of Dylan. Other people were taking pictures of the singer left, right and centre. Joe wondered whether it was his mobile phone that worried Feinstein more than the threat of Joe stealing a shot that the photographer could have taken instead.
"Come on, follow me. Bob's about to start his first set."
"It's a great theatre. You should get some fantastic live shots," Joe said, following behind Feinstein.
"I don't usually take shots of Bob performing. I leave that to the others. I prefer to take ‘fly on the wall’ pictures when he least suspects it."
Joe stood in the wings and watched Dylan take to the stage. He noticed how he shambled across the stage and seemed somewhat uncoordinated. He looked vulnerable. It was hard for Joe to believe the man was a worldwide star. He looked awkward and out of place.  He was dressed in black and wore black Cuban-heeled boots, but they were not the shoes he wore on the wharf. He watched Dylan take a little time to get himself organised. He adjusted his harmonica harness and tuned his guitar and Joe wondered why Dylan had not taken care of such things in the dressing room.
The lights came up, and the audience applauded. Incoherent comments were thrown, which Dylan ignored. From the side of the stage, Joe could see that Dylan preferred to look down at his guitar rather than at the audience.
The seven-song performance started with 'She Belongs to Me' and ended with 'Mr. Tambourine Man'. Joe was partially relieved that Dylan did not include 'Blowin' in the Wind' in the set. He was sure it would have pushed him over the edge. After all, it was the song that had pulled Joe into Dylan's music, albeit in a strange kind of way. The applause was huge as Dylan left the stage, despite Dylan not uttering one word to his obeying audience.
 Dylan was inches from brushing shoulders with Joe as he exited the stage, almost hitting Joe in the face with the headstock of his guitar. The theatre lights came up, and Joe looked at the three-thousand strong audience from behind the edge of the curtain. He spotted Morgan and Robin and made his way to them.
"What do you think of the show?" Joe asked.
"Brilliant," replied Morgan.
"A little underwhelmed," said Robin.
"You know what's coming next, don't you?" asked Joe.
"Yeah, the electric set. It should be interesting," said Robin.
"Don't forget what you said earlier," said Morgan.
Joe looked at him, cocking his head to one side as he tried to recall.
"You said you would try to get us to meet Dylan."
"I also said 'don't get your hopes up'. I don't know the man, and I'm only here by chance." As the last few words tumbled from Joe's mouth, he realised how appropriate they were.
Morgan lit a cigarette which added to the already smoke hazed auditorium. Joe had never smoked. He hated it since he discovered his father was a closet smoker. Joe's eyes stung as Morgan blew out a smoke ring, which drifted towards Joe.
Next to Robin was an empty seat which Morgan assumed was for a no-show. Joe was keen to watch the second half from the front of the stage. Listening to Dylan from the wings had been muffled and diffused, and it had not been the best place to have watched the performance. Joe felt pangs of hunger. He remembered that he had not eaten since having a quick sandwich on the beach in Aust, and it seemed so long ago like it had never happened. Thoughts of food were quickly pushed to one side as the theatre lights dimmed in readiness for the show's second half.

Dylan returned to the stage with his band. Joe had seen plenty of pictures from the tour and all of them had been black and white, and most had probably been taken by Feinstein. It was strange seeing Dylan and his band in colour. It was as if colour had not existed in the nineteen-sixties. Even Dylan's black and white Fender Telecaster guitar looked colourful as the spotlights reflected a spectrum of colours from the metal pickups and machine heads.
The drummer, Mickey Jones, climbed onto a small platform on which were his drums and Robbie Robertson drifted in from the left side of the stage after Dylan. Joe remembered Robertson had a big hit when Joe was eleven with his song 'Somewhere Down The Crazy River'. But that would not happen until many years from now. Strange things such as this were a constant reminder of the surreal world that he was in.
The rest of the band took to the stage, and the audience seemed like a different crowd of people compared to earlier. It was no surprise to Joe. The world would learn the response to Dylan shifting from acoustic to electric, but for Joe, witnessing history in the making was weird.
The snare drum went off like a shotgun as Dylan's band launched into 'Tell Me Momma'. Joe had heard electric bands playing live before, but the contrast between the sound now compared to Dylan's acoustic set took the breath out of his lungs. He was blown away.
The first thing that Joe thought was that Dylan was more animated than during the first set. He seemed to enjoy himself more than before. He jammed with Robertson and interacted with the rest of the band.
Joe loved it when the start to 'Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues' chimed in, and next, he found himself subconsciously rocking backwards and forwards to 'Leopard Skin Pillbox Hat'.
Joe heard a few catcalls between songs, including 'go home Bob' and 'traitor'. Still, overall, the audience was most welcoming to Dylan's offering. A couple to Joe's left stood up and wandered off. Both shook their heads as they walked out.
Dylan fooled around before the introduction of 'Ballad of a Thin Man', pretending to fall off his piano stool while mumbling incoherent remarks about the piano.
The set finished with 'Like a Rolling Stone'. It seemed louder than the six electric songs which preceded it. It was lively and raucous. Joe noticed Dylan's entourage in the aisles, who enthusiastically cheered Dylan by shouting 'Yeah' and 'Come on, Bob'.
For forty-five minutes, Joe had been taken away from the strange world he was in and felt as if he was just another member of the audience.
And then it was over. The house lights came up, and 'God Save the Queen' played over the PA. Morgan bent forward and gave Joe a thumbs up, and at that moment, Joe was dragged back to reality.
The vast crowd patiently took turns getting out of their seats and filed out of the theatre. Morgan and Robin waited, hoping that their new friend would grant them access to the great man. Soon, Joe, Robin and Morgan were the only three left in the stalls. Morgan looked at Joe with a pleading expression and Joe knew what he was thinking.
"Okay, I'll see what I can do, but I can't promise anything."
He left Morgan and Robin and slipped through the door which led to the backstage corridor. There was a large crowd, which were more significant than the entourage before the show began. Joe spotted Feinstein speaking with a group of men. He tugged on Feinstein's sleeve and Feinstein stopped talking and turned to Joe.
"A couple of my friends are outside, and they're asking if they could say hello to Bob. Would that be okay?"
"Friends, how can you have met friends? Are they from the future too?"
"No, not really, they're from now. One of them was my English teacher."
Feinstein took a few seconds to understand but failed at the first hurdle.
"Run that by me again? One of them was your English teacher?"
"That's right, twenty-one years from now, he will be my English teacher. He's not even a teacher yet, but he will be. He's the one who inadvertently introduced me to Bob Dylan's music."
"So, he knows nothing about you and what happened today?"
"No, and by the way, I've told him my name is Arlo. I didn't think it was wise to tell him my real name. I thought it might cause problems in the future."
Feinstein nodded and wandered off. He returned a few minutes later and told Joe to get his friends.
Morgan and Robin eagerly followed Joe backstage. Joe sensed their excitement surging through them, knowing they were about to meet Bob Dylan. Feinstein nodded to Joe and gestured to him to follow along with Morgan and Robin. He pushed open the dressing room door that had 'Bob' written on a piece of A4 paper. In the room were a dozen or so people chatting away. Joe saw how a few of them hung on Dylan's every word. Joe, Morgan, and Robin followed Feinstein to Dylan, who was in the corner strumming his acoustic. Feinstein whispered something in his ear, and Joe watched Dylan's lips as he mouthed the word 'Arlo' with a questioning frown. Feinstein whispered something else, and Dylan nodded with a smirk. Feinstein gestured to Robin and Morgan to come closer.
"So, you’re friends with the future man," said Dylan, after drawing on a cigarette.
Dylan's comment went over the heads of the two fans. Morgan handed the tour programme he bought earlier and politely asked for an autograph.
"You don't need my autograph…, you might want it, but you don't need it. So, what are you gonna do with it after?"
Morgan rocked nervously from foot to foot.
"I'm only kidding…, but hey, you weren't one of those who booed me, were you?"
Morgan and Robin shook their heads shyly. Dylan was used to this. It was something he had encountered almost every day of the tour. He took Morgan's programme without as much as a smile and scribbled his name. Robin handed his ticket stub, which Dylan signed too.
"How do you two know Arlo, the future man?"
Morgan told Dylan how they met for the first time today, but Arlo had recognised him from seeing him at folk gigs.
"Arlo's a really cool name. It reminds me of someone I know," Dylan said, casting an eye upwards to Joe, who felt Dylan may have been on to him.
Morgan and Robin took a couple of steps back and watched in awe as their hero chatted with the entourage. Joe strolled over.
"You're a lucky bastard," Morgan said.
"Why?"
"Because Dylan knows you personally. You said you didn't know him?"
"I don't, not really."
"Then why did he call you the future man?"
"I don't know. Dylan must have been referring to this," Joe replied, tugging on his London Twenty-Twelve t-shirt.
Joe liked having Morgan and Robin around. Despite the oddity of Morgan being his future English teacher, it felt like he was around a couple of real people. Joe found that being in Dylan's presence seemed somewhat false. It was not that Dylan was false, but those who hung around with him seemed to dangle on his every word. When Dylan said nothing, there was a hum of voices in the dressing room as the entourage talked amongst themselves. But the moment Dylan opened his mouth, the room fell silent as if everyone expected a gem of ground-breaking wisdom to pass his lips. In every case, when Dylan spoke, he had nothing pioneering to say. It was usually an 'in' joke about a band member or a backhanded but harmless comment about Albert Grossman, his manager.
Morgan tapped Joe on the shoulder.
"We're gonna have to go. Robin's mum's picking us up at nine-thirty, so we'd better be on our way."
Joe felt a pang of sadness at the thought of Morgan and Robin leaving him alone. They were his only link to realism. He shook their hands. Morgan stood over Dylan, who had started strumming again and said goodbye. Dylan nodded and thanked him for coming to the show. Joe thought that was a nice touch. He watched them leave the dressing room, and it left Joe alone in the crowd. 
"Wait," spurted Joe, I'll walk you to the doors, "my security badge might come in handy."
The three men walked along the corridor in the direction of the exit signs.
"How old are you?" Joe asked.
"We're both thirty-five. How old are you?"
"Forty."
"You're a bit old to be into Dylan. We're on the cusp of the age limit ourselves," joked Morgan.
'So, Mr Morgan was fifty-seven when he taught me, and I'm only seventeen years younger than that now,' thought Joe. Another shudder ran through him.
They stood at the side door of the theatre, and Joe was hit by the cool of the May evening. He wished someone was picking him up and taking him home too. He would give anything to see Jenny's face peering at him through the window of their car, waiting to take him home. They shook hands again, and Morgan said, 'perhaps we'll meet again.' "I bloody hope so," said Joe, beneath his breath as he watched them walk away.

Joe returned to the dressing room and felt alone. Someone offered him a cigarette, but he politely declined. Feinstein took pictures. Joe thought that Feinstein sometimes stood on the fringe like he was looking at life through the viewfinder of his camera. He knew this was not the case, as he was aware that Feinstein had known Dylan since his early recording days for Columbia records. Other than Albert Grossman, Feinstein was probably the man who knew Dylan the best.
Joe spotted Dylan's driver looking up at him in a disapproving manner. The man made him feel on edge. The driver had not said much when he drove them from the ferry to Cardiff, but there was something strange about him that Joe could not put his finger on.
"What's the story with your t-shirt?" asked a man who Joe had not spoken to before. It was Mickey Jones, Dylan's drummer.
Joe reeled out his made-up story that it was made by a friend for a joke. Jones accepted the story and then asked about his Nikes. Joe told him they were a British thing that had not yet been picked up by the States.
"Find me the name of the shop; I'd love to get a pair," Jones said. Joe nodded and said he would.
"See ya later, future man," Jones said as he walked off.
Joe now knew that Dylan had been telling others his unbelievable story. He assumed he must have; otherwise, why would his drummer refer to him as 'future man'?
Joe looked around and saw how much older he was than everyone else, except for Grossman, who appeared roughly the same age. Everyone looked the same. All had shaggy hair and beards. Most wore glasses that would be considered geeky if worn in Joe's time.
The smoke was getting to Joe, and he needed to step outside. He walked out to the empty auditorium and took in a lungful of stale air, which was better than a lungful of what floated around Dylan's dressing room.
The voices became louder as the entourage walked out to the corridor. They were making their way out of the theatre. He heard the security manager telling them it was time for him to lock up. Joe considered staying on his own. The thought of sleeping alone somewhere in the theatre appealed to him. Perhaps he would wake up tomorrow, and all this would be over. The voices trailed as they left the building, and Joe jumped up and followed quickly. He decided against staying in the theatre alone. The place suddenly seemed creepy and dark.
He dashed through the side door just before it closed. The security manager scowled and shook his head. Joe spotted Feinstein and caught up with him.
"Where are you heading?" asked Joe.
"The Royal Hotel. How about you, where are you staying?"
"Dunno, I've not given it any thought."
"You better stick with me," said Feinstein, making his way to the Princess. The engine was running, and the menacing driver was peering over the steering wheel. 
Joe followed Feinstein and was the last to climb in. Unlike before, the Princess was packed. Dylan was sitting next to the passenger-side window, and Joe counted eight others in the back including him. There were two crammed together on the front passenger seat. It was an uncomfortable drive to the Royal, which seemed to take an age. Every now and again, a pedestrian spotted Dylan and called his name as the Princess made its way. Dylan pretended he had not heard. Even when it was dark, Dylan wore his shades. It made Joe think it was his way of staying one step away from everyone else.
The Princess parked outside the Royal Hotel, and everyone fell out except Dylan, who kept his cool. Word had got around that Dylan was staying at the hotel, and there was a crowd waiting to meet him. They mainly were a friendly bunch, but two had something to say about the electric tour, which was not in Dylan's favour. Dylan chose to ignore them all and left the fans calling for him as he entered the hotel. 
Joe waited outside for a few seconds. He asked himself whether he really wanted to go in. Life with Dylan and his team was not quite what he had thought it would be, but in fairness, Joe had never given any thought to meeting the man in such a surreal manner. He surveyed St Mary Street, on which the hotel stood, and watched the Princess pull away. The fans were drifting off in different directions, and the street felt empty. He considered his options, which boiled down to three. He could either walk the streets of Cardiff or find a bed and breakfast to stay for the night. He put his hand in his pocket and felt the envelope of money. He probably had enough cash to do that. Or the third option, he could join Dylan and his friends in the hotel.
He stood on the hotel steps and watched the crowd of fans in the distance going their separate ways before he decided to enter the Royal.
He pulled open the hotel’s door and had no idea of how the rest of the evening would unfold.
Chapter 10
Hello, I'm Christine


Joe saw Albert Grossman taking care of things at the reception desk alone and heard the chorus of primarily American voices along the corridor. He picked up the pace and caught up with Feinstein, Dylan and his entourage just before they got in the elevator.
Joe seemed out of place, and it felt horrible. He felt as if he was gate-crashing someone's funeral wake. Feinstein threw him a smile, but it did not make Joe feel any better.
The elevator took them to the top floor, and just like when Dylan's friends and band members alit the Princess, they tumbled out as soon as the elevator doors slid open, unlike Dylan and Feinstein, who were the last to step out, and did so in an orderly manner.
A member of the hotel's concierge was waiting outside a door along the corridor from the lift. He waited to let them into a room. He smiled at Dylan's gang as they fell into the room, but no one smiled back; they had not even noticed the man. But Dylan noticed him and thanked him, albeit almost under his breath. Joe saw the man's smile disappear as he closed the door on them.
The moment the door closed, Joe realised he had made the correct choice to stay with Feinstein, Dylan, and the others. If for no other reason, it was for the sake of his stomach. He was so hungry he was shaking, and on a table in the middle of the room were stacks of food. Joe thought the food was rudimentary compared to the twenty-first century, but he was not bothered. He waited a few minutes before joining in with the others.
There were sandwiches, a sliced gammon joint, pork pies, radishes, liver sausage, frankfurters, ox tongue, and various luncheon meats and pickles. Four pitchers of water stood on another table, and enough bottles of wine to open a small off-licence stood on another. No one spoke as they ate, and all that could be heard was the steady munching of jaws.
Joe assumed that vegetarianism or veganism was yet to take hold as the spread was strictly carnivore.
He filled his plate with sandwiches, slices of gammon and a couple of pork pies. He did not like the look of the ox tongue or the liver sausage. The sandwiches were made from white bread, and there was not a slice of wholemeal in sight. Joe wondered whether many people ate wholemeal in the sixties. The meat seemed fattier than what he was used to. He was not only hungry, but he was thirsty too and glugged back a glass of water. Then Joe noticed something pleasant about the hotel room. It had no odour. Everywhere else had been thick with cigarette smoke. But it did not last long when Joe saw Dylan had lit a cigarette. It seemed to be the cue for the rest to do the same, even Feinstein, who Joe had not seen smoke before. Joe finished his food quickly before the smoke spoiled his palate.
The effect of the whisky he drank earlier had worn off, and Joe was tired. All he wanted to do was sleep. But there would be no sleeping here, at least not yet. Everyone was awake, and now that the food was almost gone, chatter filled the air. Everyone had someone to speak with other than Joe. He was the elephant in the room, and apart from Grossman, was the oldest too. Joe had the shortest haircut (which Jenny referred to as his Tintin haircut because it looked like the hair sported by the cartoon character created by Herge). He was dressed so differently from everyone else that he stood out like an unwanted spare part.
He sat alone sipping water and tried not to notice when he spotted members of Dylan's entourage spying him from the corner of his eye. The door opened, and more people entered the room. By now, there must be fifteen, perhaps twenty people milling around. Feinstein took pictures. Joe did not want to be photographed and moved out of the way.
The new people seemed to know the Americans and shook hands. They were a mix of English and Welsh. Joe had no idea who they were, but he was not surprised when they gravitated to Dylan's side of the room. One man had brought a guitar and started to strum it as soon as he sat down, and Joe felt embarrassed for him. It was cringeworthy. Amongst the newcomers were two young women, who Joe judged to be in their early twenties. Both had plain, long, lank hair. According to the women he had seen in the audience that evening, this seemed to be the fashion. Joe thought they were pretty. One wore glasses, and she spotted Joe sitting alone. She mingled for a few minutes before pouring two glasses of red wine. She made her way to Joe, then sat opposite him and handed him a drink.
"Hello, I'm Christine," she said, clinking her glass against his. "Who are you?"
"Joe, my name's Joe."
"How do you know Bob?"
She was English, and Joe detected a Midland's accent. It was hard for Joe to think of a decent answer without telling her the truth.
"I don't really know Bob; it’s Barry Feinstein who I know."
"Which one is he?"
"The man with the camera."
"Oh, him. I didn't know that was his name. You're from Bristol, aren't you? I can tell by your accent. Did you go to the show last night?"
"No, I wasn't there. I was here tonight, though."
"I was there last night. I was supposed to be at the show tonight, but we had car trouble, so I didn't get to Wales until it was all over. I should be going to Birmingham, Liverpool and Leicester, though."
"So, do you know Bob?" asked Joe.
"A little. My cousin knows him well. He's from New York, and they hung around together when Bob was starting out. They still keep in touch. I've met Bob a few times before, but I don't know whether he remembers me."
Joe watched Christine eye his clothes. He groaned on the inside, waiting for her to say something, but he was relieved when she did not. Joe was drawn to her left hand when he noticed she did not have an index finger. He diverted his eyes when she caught him looking.
"How come you didn't go to the Bristol show last night? I presume you live there," she asked.
"I do live there, but I didn't go because I guess you could say the timing wasn't quite right."
"That's a shame. It was good. A few people booed him. I reckon some of them just buy tickets to turn up and heckle him. It seems the popular thing to do on this tour. I've read about it in the music papers. Will you be going to Bob's other shows? It would be nice to see you tomorrow."
"I'm not sure yet. I guess it depends on how things pan out."
Christine put down her glass, leaned in and kissed him. Joe was taken by surprise and his gut feeling was to back off, but instead, he savoured her wine lips, smelt her perfume, then tasted cigarettes mixed with the wine. And then, he pulled away. Immediately he felt terrible and could not believe what he had done.
"I'm sorry," said Christine, and the atmosphere between them changed in a heartbeat.
"It's okay, it’s just that I'm married," he said, subconsciously showing his wedding band.
"Why isn't your wife with you?"
"Again, I guess you could say the timing isn't quite right. In fact, I would go as far as to say that the timing is definitely not right at all."
"What's your favourite Dylan album?" asked Christine, changing the subject.
"I like them all, but I think his first one and 'The Times They Are a-Changin'' are up there as my favourites and, perhaps, 'Nashville Skyline'."
"Nashville, what?"
Joe sighed when he realised that the album would not be out for another couple of years.
"Sorry, I'm getting Dylan’s albums confused, it’s been a long day, and I'm a bit knackered."
Christine laughed when he said 'knackered'; she had not heard the term before but knew exactly what it meant. She caught him looking again at where her index finger should have been.
"You're funny. It's a shame you're married, though. I guess you're desperate to know what happened to this," Christine said, waving her hand in front of his face.
Joe said nothing, and Christine knew he was uncomfortable. However, she was used to it; she had put up with it for the past fifteen years.
"Don't worry, it's not a problem. I cut it off with a rusty blade," she said with a glint.
"You did what?" barked Joe.
"I'm just messing with you. It got slammed in a car door when I was a kid. It had to be amputated. It comes in handy as an icebreaker though, don't you think?"
Christine finished her wine, grabbed a bottle, and gave herself a refill. She topped Joe's up too. She was keen to steal another kiss, despite Joe telling her he was married.
"But your wife's not here, is she. So, how's she going to know about us?"
Joe worked out that this was not Christine's first bottle of wine. She was already tipsy. He was flattered but had no intentions to cheat on Jenny. He was not sure if he would ever see his wife again but desperately hoped that he would. And if he did, he wanted a clear conscience. He may not have treated Jenny fairly over the years. He may have neglected her for Dylan's music, but his moral compass pointed him in the right direction. If he did get back home, he was going to change his ways and be a better man. He had made up his mind about that.
"I'm sorry, Christine, you really are a pretty lady, and if the circumstances were different, then who knows? But I've been with my wife since we were school kids, so I guess you know what I'm saying."
"I wish more men were like you."
"No, really, you don't," Joe said, referring to the secret only he, Feinstein and Dylan knew.
They were interrupted by a tall American. He had arrived with Christine and the other newbies.
"I see you've met the future man," he said, referring to Joe.
"Hi Mark, this is Joe. He knows the photographer man," said Christine.
"Yeah, I heard. Bob told me. Bob calls him the future man. It seems he just dropped out of the sky. Is that right future man? Did you just drop out of the sky today?"
"This is Mark, my cousin; he's a little drunk and very high. Ignore him.”
"That's what Bob calls him. He says he reckons he's from the future. So that's why Bob calls him the future man."
"He's from Bristol, not the future," said Christine, with a smirk while completely dismissing her cousin stupid comments.
Joe was uncomfortable.
"Is that why you wear those crazy clothes? Is that what we'll be wearing in the future?" said Mark, referring to Joe's green denim shorts. 
Joe thought Mark's comment was odd, considering his shorts were probably the most normal thing he wore compared to his Nike trainers and Twenty-Twelve t-shirt. However, Mark soon lost interest and headed back towards Dylan, where most other people were.
Christine pulled out a pen, grabbed Joe's hand and scribbled something on his palm.
"If you change your mind, here's my number. Call me," she said before giving him a peck on the cheek. Then, she left him on his own. Joe sighed, and Feinstein walked over.
"How ya doin'?"
"Not great," replied Joe. "All this…, it's wrong. I don't want it anymore. I need things back to normal."
The more Joe spoke, the more Feinstein felt inclined to believe his story.
"I need to get out of here. I'm so tired and all I want to do is sleep."
Feinstein watched Joe's eyes as he spoke. His face screamed weariness.
"I'll tell you what, go to my room and lie down."
Joe left Dylan and his friends and followed Feinstein along the corridor. Feinstein unlocked his door and fumbled for the light switch. The room had a couch, a couple of chairs and a bed.
"Lie on the couch and grab a cover from the bed if you're cold. I'll see you later."
Joe thanked him and lay down. He was not cold and fell asleep wearing his clothes.

No time seemed to have passed when Joe opened his eyes. It was like waking after being anaesthetised and he had no memory of dreaming. Light shone through the gap in the curtains, and Joe turned over and tried to get back to sleep. He pulled the covers over his head to keep out the light.
Then, he opened his eyes, threw off the covers, and sat bolt upright. He saw that he was no longer in the hotel room. Instead, he was at home on his bed. He jumped up and pulled open the curtains. On the floor lay his shorts and t-shirt. One of his Nikes was poking out from under the bed. He sat on the edge of his bed and pushed his hands through his hair. The side of his head stung. He glanced at the mirror on Jenny's bedside table and saw a fresh scar on his temple and relief surged through him. He lay back and thought of the strange, realistic dream. He wondered how his mind could have come up with something so bizarre. But it was the reality of the dream that hit him hard. It was as if all those people really were there. And Mr Morgan, his teacher…. where the hell did that come from? He smiled and stared at the ceiling.
Joe called out for Jenny, but there was no answer. Robert was not home either. He grabbed his phone and checked the time and looked twice when he saw it was nine-thirty.
'Shit, I should be at work,' he thought, before remembering he had taken the day off. He assumed Jenny had let him lie in. He tried to recall what had happened after Jenny had knocked him unconscious, but he had no memories other than the dream. He assumed the knock on the head had wiped away what really happened. He guessed that Jenny must have taken him home. He wondered whether she was still angry with him after the incident with the photograph at Aust Wharf. He scrolled through the pictures on his phone and found the last few of him, Jenny, and Robert on the wharf, then he looked at the last picture. The one Jenny took of him posing as Bob Dylan.
He stood up and walked to the bedroom door in his boxer shorts. His body ached, which he assumed was due to hitting the ground so hard yesterday. He remembered the nail on the wharf and considered how lucky he was not to have struck it with his head when he fell. Then he remembered standing on the edge of Heaven. The memory had been overshadowed by the Dylan dream. Now he began to doubt whether even that had happened. Did he really stare into the doorway of Paradise? Perhaps it was all part of the same dream. He remembered seeing his baby daughter Belle and held back a tear which fought to well up in his eye.
He grabbed his phone, made his way to the kitchen, turned the kettle on and put a couple of slices of bread in the toaster. While he waited for the kettle to boil and the toast to pop up, he opened the front door. Jenny's Kia was gone, but his Ford Focus was there. He was relieved that everything seemed normal.
He called Jenny on her mobile and was not sure what kind of mood she would be in after what happened yesterday. He waited, but she did not answer. Her voicemail kicked in, but he decided not to leave a message. They had things to talk about, and it was best to do it face to face and not by leaving a half-hearted message. He poured coffee and buttered the toast, both of which had never smelt so good. The crazy dream had hit him hard, and little snippets of reality, like the smell of toast and coffee, meant a lot right now. As he ate his breakfast, he wondered what to do with his day. He needed to make things up to Jenny and Robert too. He had been honest with his wife when he told her that taking Robert to the beach to collect fossils was meant as a treat for his son. But at the same time, he could not resist the chance of having a picture of him taken standing in Dylan's footsteps. But that was yesterday. After last night's dream, Joe felt like he wanted nothing to do with Dylan or his music. Then he was struck by an idea.
He finished his breakfast and dropped the dishes in the sink. He pulled on a pair of jogging shorts and a different t-shirt and opened the door of the den. The curtains were drawn; they always were. He opened them and let light fill the room. He looked at the posters and the one that promoted the 'No Direction Home' movie, with Dylan standing on the wharf. He grabbed an empty box and started taking the posters down. He did not feel bad. In fact, taking them down was therapeutic; it was almost cathartic. Where the posters had been were oblong marks on the wall where the colour had not faded. They had been hanging in the den for so many years the wallpaper around them had become paler. He found another cardboard box and began to put his CDs out of sight. He knew Jenny would approve. Today was the start of his new life. From now on, he was putting his family first and Joseph Treasure second. He had years' of making up to do.
By one o'clock, the den was transformed. The Dynatron music centre was disassembled and stacked in the corner. His vinyl and CD collection were packed in boxes. He considered painting the walls a different colour but thought it best to talk it through with Jenny first. He was hungry again, despite only eating a few hours ago. He could not decide what to eat. He wanted something simple and easy. Finally, he decided upon pasta, the type which just needs boiling water and a mug.
He sat in the kitchen diner, ate the pasta with a fork, and thought about Jenny. He hoped she was okay. He picked up his mobile to call her again but decided against it. Clearing the den had made him feel grubby because of the years of dust that had accumulated on his records and CDs. After lunch, he decided he would take a shower and put on some fresh, smarter clothes. Jenny hated it when he wore jogging bottoms. She said it made him look common and he thought she was borderline snobbish at times. He really missed her and it felt like an age since he had last seen her despite being with her less than twenty-four hours ago.
He pulled a clean pair of jeans from a drawer in the bedroom and a crisp white shirt. Not a t-shirt, but a long sleeve button-up one. He stripped off and threw the joggers in the laundry basket.
Standing under the shower felt good. Joe stood still and let the water flow over him. It ran down his back and was a little too hot, so he turned it down a notch. He wished he could stand under the shower for the rest of the afternoon. Even without soap, he felt cleaner. He sighed and grabbed the shower gel. He flipped the lid and was about to squirt soap into the palm of his hand when something caught his attention. He grabbed a towel and wiped the water from his eyes.
His heart began to pound, and his knees felt feeble. So much so, he could barely stand. Joe turned off the shower and stepped onto the rug.
"What the fuck…, what the actual fuck," he whispered.
He held his right palm in his left hand and trembled violently as he looked at the letters and numbers written there. The shower had begun to wash the ink away, but it was still clear enough to read.
FOU 0200
Next to the odd combination of letters and numbers were three words.
'Call me. Christine'.
His head was fuzzy, as if he had low blood pressure, and his vision became blurry. He felt sick. He lurched forward and puked, missing the toilet bowl and making a mess on the floor. Then he was sick a second time. He lay on the floor, inches from his vomit and stared at the ceiling.
It was the number Christine had written on his hand in the Royal Hotel after she tried to kiss him. He did not understand; it just did not make sense. It had only been a dream, Joe had been confident of it, but now he was not so sure. He ran water over his hand and scrubbed until the girl's number and name had gone. He wiped puke away from his mouth and went to the bedroom. He tried to think things through, but it was too hard to concentrate. Surely it was a dream. If it was not, then how the hell did he get home?
Joe went back to the bathroom, stepped over his puke and splashed cold water on his face. He was in a tizz and did not know what to do. One thing he knew was that he did not want to be naked. He pulled on his trousers and shirt, thought about the girl's phone number and doubted his sanity. He walked from room to room with his hands on his temples. He passed a mirror and looked at his reflection and did not look good. He was about to lie down again when there was a knock at the door. He hoped to goodness it was Jenny.
He walked downstairs, holding the bannister to steady himself and quivered like an old man. Through the frosted glass window of the front door, he saw an indistinguishable form of a person wearing dark clothes. The person knocked again, and Joe pulled up his zipper and reached for the door. He swallowed hard and opened it.
Joe stared wide-eyed at the young lady.
"Joseph? Joseph Treasure?"
Joe nodded slowly and was overcome by a chill that made every follicle rise.
"Christine Horner," said the lady, with her hand outstretched. "You never called me. It's taken me a very, very long time to find you Mr Future Man."
Joe frowned.
"Do you know what convinced me you were from the future?"
Joe shook his head.
"Nashville Skyline. That's what convinced me."
Joe frowned again. He did not want her on his doorstep. Things made no sense, and he was too shocked to speak.
"I asked what your favourite Dylan albums were, and I can remember what you told me as if it was yesterday. You said your favourite albums were Dylan's first one, and 'The Times They Are a-Changin'' and you also said, 'Nashville Skyline'. I'd never heard of that one. Then guess what? Not long after, Dylan released a new album called 'Nashville Skyline'. So, tell me, how the hell could you have known that unless you were from the future?"
Joe's knees buckled, and he hit the ground hard.
 
Chapter 11
Can I see that contraption of yours?


A hand squeezed Joe's shoulder and he pushed it away. He wanted to be left alone to sleep. He felt the hand again, and he swiped it like it was an annoying insect.
"Come on sleepyhead, you gotta get up."
Joe mumbled incoherently, rolled over, put his hands between his knees and curled up in a foetal position.
"We've got a busy day. We gotta be in Birmingham in three or four hours. I'll order up some breakfast and get them to bring it to the room."
Joe tried to open his eyes, but sleepy dust made the task of prising his eyelids open a difficult one. But when he eventually did, he saw Barry Feinstein in his shorts and shirt. His hair was messy, and it was clear he had just woken.
He cursed beneath his breath when he realised that he had been dreaming. He recalled something by Edgar Allen Poe when Poe questioned whether life itself is just an illusion. Is it merely a dream within a dream? He pulled the covers off and saw he wore the same clothes as yesterday. His Nikes lay beside the couch.
The semblance of waking up in his own bed at home, having coffee and toast and tidying up the den seemed more realistic than the reality he was facing right now. He remembered the dirt accumulated under his fingernails when he had worked on the den and the need to take a shower to freshen up. All these things seemed so real.
Joe was deflated and depressed as he stared down the barrel of day two of his strange nightmare. He bit hard into his forefinger until it bled. If he were dreaming, surely the pain would have woken him. He heard Feinstein on the phone calling for coffee and toast. Joe tutted. He was sure he could taste the coffee from his dream in the back of his throat.
"Did you sleep okay?" asked Feinstein.
"I had odd dreams, so no, not really."
"Sorry to hear that. I've ordered breakfast."
Joe nodded. He sat on the couch and looked at Feinstein. Joe noticed that the photographer was a similar height and build to him.
"Can I ask a favour?"
"You can ask by all means, but whether I'll say yes is another thing," said Feinstein, lighting the first of many cigarettes of the day.
"Do you have any clothes I could borrow and a spare pair of shoes?"
"Why?"
"Because what I'm wearing makes me stand out too much."
"I'll tell you what, I'll swap you. You can have a shirt, a pair of pants and boots, and I'll keep your stuff."
"Why do you want to keep my clothes?"
"Because I've never seen anything like them before, especially those," replied Feinstein, pointing at the Nikes.
Joe agreed and headed to the bathroom to freshen up. He wished he had toothpaste but did not dare to ask Feinstein if he could borrow his. That would be one step too far. He made a mental note to buy a toothbrush and toothpaste later. He stepped out of the bathroom wearing Feinstein's fresh clothes, making him feel a little better.
Feinstein answered a knock at the door, and a porter brought in breakfast.
"Put it over there," said Feinstein and placed a handful of coins in the porter's hand.
Joe poured coffee, and Feinstein buttered toast. Joe thought it did not taste half as good as the coffee and toast in his dream.
"You should have stayed last night. You would have liked it. Bob got drunk and played some songs. He let us hear some new stuff he's been working on."
Joe nodded. He was not bothered about hearing Dylan's songs, even if it was a sneak preview of something Joe probably already owned on vinyl. Then, a thought popped into his head. It was something about the saying, 'never meet your heroes, you might be disappointed.' Joe found Dylan an aloof person and a hard man to read. Sometimes he was upbeat and was fun to be around, and at other times Joe thought the man was unapproachable. He often wore shades when he was in the unapproachable mode.
"That girl likes you. She was asking after you. She asked me if you're coming to Birmingham tonight."
"Do you mean Christine? What did you tell her?"
"I told her I didn't know."
Joe remembered how she had turned up on his doorstep. The thought made him shudder, even if it had only been a dream. Joe told Feinstein that she had appeared in his dream. Feinstein did not react. He was one of those people who were not interested in what others dreamt about.
"Can I see that contraption of yours? The phone thing," asked Feinstein.
Joe slipped his hand into the pocket of his shorts, which were draped over the chair. He panicked when he could not find it. The envelope of cash was there, but not his phone. He jumped up in a tizzy. Then he saw it, sticking out from the covers under which he lay last night. He sighed and picked it up. He checked the battery and saw it was still eighty per cent. Joe usually had to charge it every day. He assumed that as he had no access to the internet, nor could he make any phone calls, the battery remained almost fully charged.
"Why do you want it?" Joe asked.
"I'm totally intrigued by the thing. I want to know more about it."
Joe showed him what the apps were for and tried to explain the internet. Feinstein nodded as if he understood, but Joe felt he had lost him at the first hurdle. Feinstein asked to look at Joe's photo gallery again. He had a brief glance yesterday but wanted a better look. Joe showed him how to scroll and to use his thumb and forefinger to zoom in. Joe enjoyed watching Feinstein. He was like a kid with a toy.
"How many pictures do you have on this thing?"
"Dunno, a couple of thousand maybe."
Feinstein whistled. Then he stopped, stared, and zoomed in on a particular picture.
"What's this?" he asked, turning the phone to Joe.
"Oh, that's my den. I took that last year."
"But the picture on the wall. The one with Bob on the wharf, isn't that the one I took yesterday?"
"Yes, I already told you. That was the one I tried to emulate before I ended up with you and Bob. I already showed you the wharf picture you took. Look here," said Joe, taking back the phone and showing him the Aust Wharf photograph he had recently downloaded with Dylan looking moody and mysterious.
"But the one in your den is different. It's got writing on it. Show me again."
Joe scrolled until he found it. He handed the phone back to Feinstein. Feinstein zoomed in and read the words aloud.
"No Direction Home. Bob Dylan. What does that mean?"
"It's a film about Dylan and about this tour." Joe snatched the phone, and his voice became edgy.
"Perhaps you shouldn't see stuff like this. It's not happened yet. It's not right. Seeing this could affect the future. Your future.… all our futures."
"You're Goddamn right it's gonna affect the future. Now I know the name of one of Bob's films, and I've seen the poster for it. A poster using my Goddamn photograph."
Joe would have loved to tell Feinstein about the book Feinstein was yet to publish of his pictures of the nineteen sixty-six tour. The tour, which Joe was now on the tail end of. He bit his lip; he knew that Feinstein would be involved in an accident in nineteen ninety-three, which would affect his ability to use a camera. Joe did not know precisely what happened to Feinstein but knew not to bring it up. It was tricky knowing what, and what, not to say about the future. He had already let the cat out of the bag when he mentioned that man had walked on the moon. He was not too concerned about saying what was probably man's most significant achievement three years before it happened, because it had no direct bearing on Feinstein's future.
Feinstein was animated; he wanted to know more about the film which had used his wharf image, but Joe knew it was wrong to say anything.
"I'd love to know more about your world. For example, it'd be cool to learn about Bob's albums even before he did,” said Feinstein.
Joe remembered when Christine turned up in his dream and when she talked about knowing the name Dylan's 'Nashville Skyline' album before it was released.
"I'll tell you what, why don't you jot down as many albums as you can remember that Bob's gonna make and the year they're released. Then when we've gone our separate ways, I'll patiently wait over the next fifty years and tick off the list of his records. That'll prove your story," said Feinstein, reaching in his camera bag and pulling out the piece of notepaper with Joe's mobile number on it. He turned it over and asked Joe to write the album titles on the back.
"Then, fifty years from now I'll call your number. And when, and if, you pick up, we can have a long talk about things."
"No, I can't do that. That's gonna mess things up. So, what if you let on to Bob that you know the name of the next fifty years’ worth of his albums," Joe protested.
"I won't tell him…. my promise."
"No, I can't do it."
Feinstein slumped in his chair.  He stared at his toast. Joe watched him push it around and saw butter smear the plate. He was in a funk.
"More coffee?" asked Joe.
Feinstein did not answer. He yawned in a manner that told Joe, 'if you're not going to play ball, then you can piss off.' Then, Joe was struck by a thought.
"I'll tell you what," Joe said while still formulating an idea in his mind. "Why don't I drop hints, kind of like cryptic clues? For example, I can write the year of release alongside a clue, and when Bob releases an album, then my clue will make sense."
"I don't understand," said Feinstein.
Joe tried to think of an example.
"Okay, how about something like this. Don't laugh; I've not really thought this through. Pass me your notebook."
Feinstein slid it across the table, and Joe began to write. He chewed the end of the pencil as he thought. Then, he quickly scribbled a couple of lines and handed the book back to Feinstein. Feinstein frowned as he read out loud what Joe had written.
"Nineteen sixty-four, flipping the coin. What's that supposed to mean?"
"It's a clue to an album Bob released in sixty-four."
"He did two that year. Bob released 'The Times They Are a-Changin' and 'Another Side of Bob Dylan'.
Joe nodded. "Can't you work it out?"
Feinstein smiled like he had a lightbulb moment.
"Got it. Flipping the coin is another side of Bob, like the other side of a coin."
Joe put his thumbs-up, and Feinstein tried to decipher the second clue.
"Nineteen sixty-five. Minnesota to New Orleans…, I got it in one. 'Highway 61 Revisited'."
"Yep, you've got it in one," said Joe. "Give me some time, and I'll try to remember all Dylan's releases between now and two thousand and sixteen."
"Yeah, that'll prove that you're from the future," Feinstein said.
"I don't need to prove anything to myself. I know this isn't my time."
Joe pulled the moment of light-heartedness down a peg or two. It hammered home to Feinstein that Joe must be genuine. It was not just because of the mobile phone and his insight into things that were yet to happen. It was because of Joe's mental attitude that made the photographer almost sure that the troubled man with the crazy footwear was from the future. He was almost, but not entirely, certain.
"Is there anything you can say about the future that isn't harmful for me to know?"
Joe finished the dregs of his coffee and thought. What could he tell him that would not make a difference? He thought about the Gulf War, Nine-Eleven, the presidents and world leaders, and the world of the arts. Joe was nervous about talking about anything. But perhaps there was something he could mention, something that would benefit Feinstein, even the rest of the world to know.
He glanced at Feinstein, who had just lit his second cigarette of the morning. They had been awake less than half an hour, and the hotel room was becoming clouded with strong-smelling tobacco smoke. Joe hated it and had never smoked in his life. Then it dawned on him what he could tell Feinstein about.
"Yeah, okay…, I've thought of something.”
Feinstein looked up and tapped ash into the tray. He stared expectantly at Joe and wiped the back of his hand over his moustache.
"Smoking!" stated Joe.
"Smoking?"
"Yes, smoking."
"Don't people smoke in the future?"
"They do, but it's not like it is now." Joe stood up, walked to the window, and opened it. He leaned out and pulled in a lungful of fresh Welsh air.
"Almost everywhere I've been since meeting you and the others is always thick with smoke. Bob's car, the pub, backstage at the theatre last night, even the audience smoked. And here at the hotel, this place stinks of the stuff."
"And your point is?"
"In my time, smoking is banned from almost everywhere."
"You're kidding me. It sounds like things are heading backwards. So, I couldn't enjoy a cigarette with my meal."
"You can in the privacy of your own home, but not in a restaurant. Smoking is banned in all public places, including trains, buses and planes."
"So, what you are saying is, if I flew from New York to London, I would not be allowed to smoke for six or seven hours."
"That's right."
"Not even in the toilets?" Feinstein looked perturbed.
"No, not even in the toilets."
"But why the hell not? Surely it's a person's civil liberty to smoke."
"The world is slowly catching on, but right now, it isn't a big thing. But in not too many years from now, the world will find out how harmful smoking is. Cancer, lung conditions, breathing disorders. It even messes up the way people look. You can often recognise a smoker by their lined, grey skin. And you can tell an old person who has smoked all their life, just by the sound of their voice. I'm telling you, it's a killer. It costs the National Health Service here in the UK millions and millions each year, probably more."
Feinstein briefly looked at his cigarette with disdain, but he took another drag despite what he was hearing.
"Do you know what's on the front of cigarette packets in my time?"
Feinstein shook his head. He felt he was being lectured and did not like it.
"Pictures of tarred lungs and ruined teeth. Cigarettes are kept out of sight in shops. They're behind lock and key."
Feinstein stubbed out his cigarette before finishing it.
"You know how to scare someone."
"Perhaps, but what I'm telling you is true."
Feinstein strolled to the bathroom. Joe heard him coughing from the other side of the door and wondered if he had said too much. Perhaps he should not have spoken in so much detail. But surely an early warning about the pitfalls of smoking was a good thing? He picked up a pen and began thinking of secret clues to what Dylan was yet to record. He was interrupted by the harsh ringing of the phone and knew it would not be for him. Joe called for Feinstein, but he could not hear. He was taking a shower, so Joe reluctantly picked up.
"Hello."
"Who's this?" asked an American man.
"Joe, are you looking for Barry?"
"Joe, who the hell is Joe?"
Joe stalled. He did not know what to say.
"Oh, It's you, the future man. Tell Barry it's Albert."
Joe was getting sick of being referred to as the future man. It was like he was the butt of everyone's joke.
"He's taking a shower."
"Tell him we're leaving at ten. He needs to be downstairs soon, or we're going without him."
Albert Grossman put the phone down before Joe had a chance to say goodbye. Feinstein stepped out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around him.
"Albert Grossman just called. He said you've got to be downstairs at ten, or else they're going without you."
Feinstein smiled at the thought of Dylan leaving him behind.
"What you gonna do?" asked Feinstein.
"I've got no idea."
"Do you wanna hang around a bit longer?"
Joe shrugged. He was not sure. He needed to find a way home but had no idea how to go about it. He considered his options. He could hang around in Cardiff alone and then make his way back to Bristol. Perhaps he could track down his parents. But considering his lecture to Feinstein about knowing too much about what the future held, he thought it was not a good idea. He could start a new life in Wales and grow old and let time catch up. The notion did not sound appealing and the lesser of the evils was obvious.
The best option was to stay with Feinstein and his friends. But for how long? He had no idea.
Chapter 12
What happened to your fancy shoes?


Joe waited alone outside the hotel. He stood on the steps leading up to the Royal's doors, while Feinstein hung with Dylan's entourage inside. Dylan was yet to appear. People smoked, and Joe noticed Feinstein was the only one who did not.
Joe spotted Albert Grossman and he was having an argument. Joe ambled closer and peered through the glass. Grossman was speaking in raised tones with the driver. Joe did not like the man who drove Dylan and his friends. There was something about him, but Joe could not put his finger on what it was. He knew the driver did not trust him, but that was not the issue, as no one other than Feinstein appeared to trust him either.
Joe tried to listen in. Unfortunately, the raised voices were muffled by the hotel doors. Passing traffic made it even harder to hear what the argument was about. Joe thought he heard mention of money. Then he saw Grossman pull out his wallet and thrust cash into the driver's hand. He shoved his wallet back in his pocket, and Joe clearly heard Grossman order the driver to get the car.
Joe was distracted by the cheerful voices of the entourage. Dylan had entered the reception area, and it was as if he lifted the atmosphere. Joe thought it strange that even the people who he assumed had known Dylan for years still seemed to be in awe whilst in his presence.
Grossman spotted Dylan and shook his hand.
As always, Joe was on the fringe. He hated being on the outside, but at the same time, he did not want to get too close. The driver stormed out, almost pushing Joe over, and Joe walked into the hotel and slowly shuffled towards the entourage. He did not want to make an entrance, but Dylan spotted him.
"Hey, it's the future man," Dylan said. Dylan's friends and band members laughed. If Dylan said something funny, it seemed obligatory to laugh. But what Dylan said had not been funny, at least not to Joe. Joe walked up to Dylan and looked down on him. Even though Dylan wore Cuban Heels, Joe was an inch and a half taller than him.
"I have a name. My name is Joe. Joe Treasure. Please don't call me the future man. If you're gonna talk about me, just call me Joe."
Grossman waded in to protest. He was unsure where the freeloader had come from. Still, he was not having anyone speak to Dylan like that, especially a stranger.
Grossman was a big man, bigger than Joe. He was about to say something, but Dylan stopped him in his tracks. He lifted his hand and gestured to Grossman to back off.
"It's okay Albert, the man has a name. He's called Joe. I think he's going through a tough time."
Joe hated being there. It reminded him of being a little school kid who was not allowed to join in with the bigger boys. He spotted Feinstein from the corner of his eye, and wished he were somewhere else. He trusted no one. Not even Feinstein. When the two of them were alone, Joe felt a kinship between them, but when seeing him with everyone else, he was not so sure.
The Princess pulled up, and behind it was a minibus. Joe was not sure in which of the vehicles he was supposed to travel. After his outburst, he assumed he would be demoted to the minibus loaded with musical gear and the road crew. Everyone walked out of the hotel.
Outside were a group of fans all baying for a piece of Dylan. Joe watched from the edge as Dylan took time to talk with his followers. This morning he appeared to be upbeat and happy to sign his autograph and Joe assumed it depended on Dylan’s mood. He did not seem fazed by fame and took things in his stride. Dylan gave the fans a good five minutes of his time before Grossman said it was time to go.
 After Joe’s sharp-tongued exchange in the hotel, he was surprised to find he was allowed to travel in the Princess with Dylan, Grossman, Feinstein, and some of the others. The Princess was not as packed as it had been last night after the show, but there were more passengers than during the journey from Aust to Cardiff. Dylan lit a cigarette, and Joe smirked when Feinstein wound down the window. Joe wondered whether their earlier conversation had changed Feinstein's attitude or whether Feinstein had wound down the window because he was hot.
The Princess headed to Birmingham and Joe said nothing. He kept his head down and felt eyes burning the back of his head.
"What happened to your fancy shoes?" asked someone.
Joe looked up. It was Mickey Jones, the drummer. Jones was one of the few who had already spoken to him. He was interested in what Joe wore. Joe told him he swapped his shoes with Feinstein.
"Shit man, you should have swapped them with mine. I would have had them," said Jones before turning to Feinstein. "Barry, I'll buy Joe's shoes off you for ten dollars." Feinstein rolled his eyes and shook his head.
Jones continued to engage with Joe. It was an awkward conversation, but it seemed like Jones accepted him being there. Jones asked what Joe was into. What music did he like, what films, and who did he read? Joe struggled to give good answers. He was nervous about saying the wrong thing. Joe mentioned The Stones and The Beatles. He really did love Harper Lee's 'To Kill a Mockingbird' and thought it was a safe book to mention. He was sure it was published in the early sixties. He failed at films. He could not think of anything around in the sixties worth mentioning. Then he thought of his dad and how the two of them watched a war film starring Anthony Quayle. Joe loved the movie; it remained one of his favourites. He told Jones that 'Ice Cold in Alex' was in his top ten. Jones told him he had not heard of it but would check it out when he got home.
"So, you like The Stones yeah? Well, you're lucky to be travelling in their car. Bob's borrowing it from them."
"I heard about that. Barry told me."
"It comes with the Stone's driver, Clive." Then the drummer leaned in and whispered. "Clive's an odd person if you ask me."
Jones sat back, and before he got comfortable, he leaned forward and whispered again.
"I've never seen anyone do that before."
"Do what?" said Joe.
"Speak to Bob like that. You really put him in his place." Jones was referring to when Joe told Dylan not to call him the future man.
"I got out of the wrong side of the bed this morning. I was a bit moody, that's all."
"No, no, it was great. Most people, including me, bow down to him. It's hard not to. You've got balls, man, and the fact you're still with us is cool."
"I doubt if it did me any favours, though."
"I don't know, you're travelling in the same car as everyone else, so, I don't think he minded. I wouldn't be surprised if you have gone up in his estimation."
Joe smiled.
"How the hell did you manage to get so close?"
"What do you mean?"
"I presume you're a fan. You're nothing to do with Dylan's organisation."
"It's just good fortune, I suppose," replied Joe, thinking it was the most appropriate response. Still, at the same time, he considered how unfortunate he was. "I hit it off with Barry at the Aust crossing. You could say we both had a similar interest in photography."
"All I can say is that you must have made an impression on Barry for Bob to let you get this close."
Joe smiled, shrugged, stared into space, and listened to the conversations taking place in the car. Then something began buzzing in his trouser pocket. The buzzing was accompanied by a quiet tune that played on a loop. Every couple of seconds, the music got louder as the buzz continued.
"Shit," cursed Joe beneath his breath. It was the ringtone of his mobile. He tried to work out who the hell could be calling his mobile in nineteen sixty-six. There were no networks. Perhaps all of this really was a dream, and soon he would be waking up. No such luck; the ringtone became louder. All eyes, including Dylan's, were on Joe. But the person who paid the most attention was Clive, the driver. Clive's and Joe's eyes met in the rear-view mirror, and Clive made Joe feel more awkward than he was before.
Then Joe worked out what it was. No one was trying to call him. It was an alarm. He set an annual reminder of the day his old school friend, John Rollins, had died in that tragic plane accident. John died in two-thousand and fifteen on May twelfth.
He tried to turn it off by fiddling with it in his pocket, but he could not. Joe had no choice. He had to pull the damn thing out for all to see and then turn it off. He tried to do it without anyone watching, but it was a futile attempt. He sighed, held the phone in his palm, and slid his forefinger across the screen and cancelled the alarm.
There was absolute silence. No one spoke, at least not straight away. The fact the car was stopped at red lights made things worse. Joe felt the combined weight of everyone's stare pushing down on him. He looked up at Feinstein for support and Feinstein stared back, stony-faced. Joe glanced up at the rear-view mirror, and Clive's glower bore a hole through his skull.
"Are you getting a call from the future Joe?" said Dylan. However, he kept to his word and did not refer to him as the 'future man'.
'What the fuck should I say, just what do I say?' thought Joe. He wondered if he should just come out with the truth and tell everyone how he fell back fifty years from two thousand and sixteen, but he was not keen on the idea; in fact, he was dead against it. He did not care about Feinstein; it was out in the open with him. He suspected Dylan knew too because he was at the wharf when Joe appeared yesterday.
The traffic lights changed, and the Princess moved on.
"Let me see that," said Jones, with a frown.
Joe reluctantly passed his phone to the drummer. The screen dimmed out, the alarm icon disappeared, and the screen went blank.
Jones turned it over in his hand and looked with wonderment.
"What the hell is this thing?"
Before Joe had a chance to think of an answer, Feinstein waded in and saved the moment.
"I wonder where that had gone," he said, snatching it from Jones and slipping it in his pocket.
"What is it?"
"A light meter. It's a prototype model. I'm trying it out for the company that made it. It may look fancy, but it's not a patch on my trusty Werralux."
"Why did Joe have it?" asked Jones.
"I let him borrow a pair of my trousers because he didn't have a spare. I must have left the thing in my pocket.
Joe let out a sigh, and Feinstein threw him a nod. The various conversations carried on from where they left off.

Joe wondered how much longer Dylan would be prepared to put up with him tagging along. He was of no use to anyone. He took up space in the car and ate for free. Any self-respecting Dylan fan would give their eyeteeth to be in his position. Still, Joe was desperate to return to normality. He thought it odd that not even Grossman questioned why he was there. The Princess headed towards the Midlands and Joe bided his time by making a mental list of Dylan's post nineteen sixty-six albums. He tried to conjure up alternative and cryptic versions for Feinstein's list.  Although it seemed pointless because he knew Feinstein did not live beyond two-thousand and ten. Still, Joe hung on to the possibility that his chance meeting with Dylan's photographer might change his future and add a few years to his life. Joe had no idea why Feinstein died. Perhaps it was smoking-related? Feinstein had not smoked since getting in the Princess. Usually, he would have had three or four by now, maybe more. 'What if?' thought Joe. 'What if he gave up smoking because of me and lived longer?' He liked the thought. It made him feel better about the situation he was in. If Feinstein were alive in two-thousand and sixteen, then perhaps he would call Joe's mobile. They could reminisce about their experiences fifty years' earlier. The idea made his head hurt.
Clive stopped the Princess outside the BBC's radio studios in Birmingham, where Dylan was due to give an interview. Everyone got out and stretched their legs while Dylan, Grossman and Feinstein made their way to the studio. Joe stood by the car and wondered what to do. Clive wound down his window and asked a question that made Joe feel ill.
"That light meter of Barry's. It looks suspiciously like a Galaxy A5, or perhaps the J3. It's hard to tell, isn't it? The trouble is, mobile phones all look alike these days don’t they?"
Chapter 13
The third time really is the end


Joe's mind was reeling. Did he hear Clive correctly? Did he just refer to an artefact from the future? Joe did not think he could cope anymore, he just wanted to run away. He pressed his palms against the Princess' bonnet to steady himself and felt the warmth of the engine percolate from beneath. His anxiety had stepped up to top gear.
"Do you wanna talk about it?" asked Clive.
Joe did not answer. He could not find the words. So instead, his mind went back to weighing up whether what was happening was some weird dream within a dream.
"It sucks, doesn't it?" said Clive.
Joe glanced up and saw the smug look on Clive’s face. He thought Clive had a horrible look about him and could not be trusted.
"I see you wear a wedding ring, and I bet you're thinking about your family. I guess you're wondering what's happening in her world right now."
Joe reached for his phone. He wanted to look at Jenny and Robert, then he remembered that Feinstein had it.
"Wanna grab a coffee and something to eat? My treat," said Clive.
Joe wasn't in the mood for eating, but coffee just might clear his head. Despite not warming to Clive, Joe knew they needed to talk. Questions were bubbling under in Joe's tired and confused mind, and more were to follow.
"Get in," said Clive.

Clive parked the Princess in a side street, and they went in search of a coffee house. Clive was due to pick up Dylan, Grossman, and Feinstein in just under an hour. Clive's arrogant expression became smugger with every footstep. Finally, they found a coffee house, and Clive held the door for Joe. He watched Joe swallow hard before stepping inside.
"Are you hungry?" Clive asked. Joe shook his head and sat at a table.
"Two coffees and a sandwich please," Clive said, pushing a handful of coins across the counter.
"Let's find a quieter table; that one's too near the door.” 
Joe followed Clive to the table in the corner. He sat across from the driver and looked around the coffee house. Like everywhere else, it had an overbearing smell of cigarette smoke, which was something Joe could not get used to.
"Let me guess. Two thousand and fourteen, maybe Fifteen?"
It was the most Clive had spoken since Joe had met him. For the first time, Joe realised that the man was Scottish. His accent was Glaswegian. 
Joe stared into the coffee cup. "Sixteen," he said quietly.
"I didn't quite catch that."
"Two thousand and sixteen," repeated Joe.
"I wasn't too far out, was I?"
Joe shook his head and looked at the scratches in the varnish on the wooden tabletop. He could not bear to look at the man.
"You're not the only one. There are more of us than you think."
"Really?" said Joe, looking up with a frown.
"Yeah, really."
"We can usually spot one another a mile away. It's kind of like a sixth sense, so to speak."
"So, you knew about me all along."
"Not at first. But I began to pick up on things yesterday afternoon. And it explained why you dropped out of the blue at the wharf and why you wore those clothes."
Joe took his first sip, and the coffee was black and bitter. Things were coming at him from all angles and much too fast. What happened yesterday hit him hard, and he was far from accepting his situation. And now, less than twenty-four hours later, he was sitting across the table from another who had fallen back in time.
"Do you want cream with that?" asked Clive.
Joe put his hand over the cup and said the coffee was fine as it was.
"I guess you've seen the garden too. You've smelt the flowers and seen the light haven't you."
Joe nodded.
"Twice now. Am I right?"
Joe nodded again.
"You better not make it a third time, because if there is a third time, you won't come back. The third time really is the end."
Joe's stomach churned. He felt ill. Worse than he felt when he appeared on the wharf. He got up and trotted to the toilet, slamming the door behind him. Clive chuckled. He savoured every moment and ordered two more coffees.
Joe returned looking worse than before.
"Don't you wanna know about me?" asked Clive.
Joe shrugged.
"I'm from two thousand and twenty-two."
"You can't be, it's only two thousand and sixteen," snapped Joe, then in an instant, he realised how stupid he was.
"I know. It's a mind fuck, isn't it? But the thing for me is, I always knew I'd end up here."
Joe was bemused. He naively assumed he was the only person to have travelled through time. It seemed impossible to believe that it happened to others and even harder to believe that he was in such close quarters with someone who experienced the same thing as him. He spun his attention back to what Clive was telling him.
"How come?"
"A friend of mine found a photo of me. It was a crowd scene taken in the sixties. A tiny thumbnail picture. I'm stood next to the car."
"Which car, the Princess?"
"Yeah, the same one I'm driving today."
Joe waited for Clive to elaborate.
"I presume you're a big fan of Dylan?" asked Clive.
"You could say that, although I've gone off the boil a bit now."
"Have you got Feinstein's book? The book which includes pictures from this tour?"
Joe nodded.
"If you ever get a chance to see it again, get a magnifying glass and go look for me. You'll see me; I'm even wearing this jacket. I'm on page ninety-eight. I'd been scrutinising that picture for years and I knew it had to be me. And guess what? The day before you turned up, I was in that crowd scene. I was standing next to the car, and Dylan and his gang were poncing around. It was weird; I felt the moment brewing. I saw Feinstein dicking around with his camera. He was clicking away as if his life depended on it. I knew the instant he took the picture. I felt it. It jarred right through me like I'd been hit by a cannonball. I'm still reeling from it now."
Joe had no words. He took another sip, but his stomach churned too much to swallow. He spat it back out into the cup. He knew the pictures Clive spoke about. One page in Feinstein's book had twenty or so small contact prints, like the ones taken from a roll of film. He remembered the Princess and various members of Dylan's team hanging around. Despite not remembering Clive, he could see the tiny pictures in his mind's eye as clearly as if he had the book open in front of him on the coffee house table.
"When did you turn up?" asked Joe.
"Four years ago. Sixty-two."
"Did you almost die like I did, twice?"
"Yep. The first time I was in a fight, and the second time I was shot right here," Clive said, pointing to his heart.
Joe stared at Clive's chest and digested what he was telling him.
"You were shot?"
"Yep. And there's something else we have in common. Music."
"How come?"
"You're a Dylan fan, and I'm a Stones fan. I've been a fan for most of my life. I used to fantasise about what it would be like to be at The Rolling Stone's inception. I imagined what it would be like watching them cutting their teeth in those blues clubs. Sometimes, to get myself to sleep, I would think about that. It was my way of counting sheep."
Joe knew what Clive meant. He had similar thoughts of Dylan. He would have loved to see him in the folk clubs of New York City. Clive sipped coffee and gave Joe time to understand what he was saying.
"When I came around from the shooting, after I had almost entered Heaven, I found myself in a club. Do you know which one? No, of course you wouldn't. It was the Ealing Jazz Club in London, and it was seventh of April sixty-two. The day that Mick Jagger and Keith Richards first met Brian Jones. That's the day The Stones began.… and I was there."
Joe looked at Clive with wide-open eyes.
"I heard that you're their driver, and the Princess is on loan to Dylan from The Stones."
"That's right. When I met them in that club, I befriended them, and I started going to their gigs. I became one of the team. And here I am. I'm now their driver."
"Yeah. Here you are. You seem to have taken all of this in your stride. You don't seem at all fazed."
"Oh, believe you me, I was. But because of seeing that tiny picture of me taken in nineteen sixty-six, I was prepared. See this watch?" Clive said, pulling up his jacket sleeve. "It was my father's. It's in that tiny picture too. So that's why I knew that somehow, I'd end up here."
"But didn't you ever see yourself in any photos of The Stones? You know, at those early gigs."
"Nope, I never did. And the reason whys is that I've purposely stayed at arm's length. At those early gigs, I kept in the shadows. These days I tell them I'm shy and don't want to be pictured with them."
Joe took a few seconds to take it all in. He stared at the watch, and Clive pulled his sleeve back over it.
"You've been here for four years. I was hoping that I'd be back in my own time in a few days. But, from what you're telling me, I guess I'm stuck here in the past."
"Probably, I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but most of us seem stuck here."
"So, who is 'us'?"
"A couple of dozen of us who have fallen back from the future meet up from time to time. You could say that we're part of an exclusive club."
"I'll never see my wife and son again, will I?"
"To be honest, I am not entirely sure."
"Why not?"
"It's only a hunch, but a couple of the club stopped turning up. We've tried to work out why. One of our club members, Sarah, wondered if they could have gone back to their own time. But don't get your hopes up because I'm pretty sure you're stuck here."
Joe struggled to hold back tears. He swallowed hard and looked Clive in the eye.
"Do you have a family in twenty twenty-two? Don't you want to go back to your proper time?"
"Nope. I have no family, and to be honest, life for me was shitty then. I'd been in and out of prison and hung around with some bad people. Being in the sixties has allowed me to wipe the slate clean and start again. Anyway, you may have saved your own life being here."
"Why?"
"Five years from your time, there's a pandemic. It killed over a hundred thousand in the UK alone. And do you want to know something else?"
Joe was getting to grips with what Clive said about the pandemic.
"Could the pandemic take my wife and son?"
"Quite possibly, but a lot will survive it."
Joe pictured Jenny and Robert. He had been a selfish bastard and should have treated them better. Clive glanced at his watch. It was time to get Dylan.
"You were going to say something else. What was it?" asked Joe.
"I was gonna say that no one has come from the future any later than two thousand and forty-five. So, what does that tell you?"
"I don't know."
"It might just mean that after two thousand and forty-five, we have wiped ourselves out. Global warming, the environment. I wouldn't be surprised if we did that."
Joe slowly shook his head and let out a long, loud sigh.
"Come on, it's time to get his royal highness."
Joe took a long, hard stare at the coffee house, and he knew it was no dream. He was sure of it. Joe followed Clive, dragging his heels, and they walked to the side street in cold silence until they got to the Princess. Clive opened the car and gave Joe a stony stare.
"If you ever say a word about this to anyone, I'll kill you. I swear I will fucking kill you. Now, get in the car."
Chapter 14
You're a nobody. You don't exist.


Clive parked outside the BBC’s studios, and word had got around that Dylan was there. A larger crowd of fans than usual hung outside. Joe stared from the Princess at the doors of the studios and thought about the conversation between him and Clive in the coffee house.
"You said you spent time in prison. What did you do?"
"Robbery. When I was a lot younger, I did over a sub-post office. Two of us got caught, and we both went down. After that, I tried to keep my nose clean, but it was hard not to."
"Why did you get shot?"
"Jesus, you're full of questions."
"Funnily enough, I am. What else would you expect?" 
"I was screwing another man's wife. I was stupid. I got caught messing around with the wrong person's woman. It made national headlines. You probably read about it…; no, of course you wouldn't have. I was shot after two thousand and sixteen."
Joe nodded.
"The thing is, right now, you're a nobody. You don't exist. There's no record of your birth and you don't have a known National Insurance Number. It's almost impossible to get a job unless you work for 'cash in hand' for the rest of your life. That's why I was lucky to work for The Stones. I just became one of their people. No big questions were ever asked about my past," said Clive.
"I can't see Dylan letting me become one of his people. God only knows what my future holds. Are any of your family alive at this time?"
"Yeah, my dad…. and a very young me."
Joe turned and gawped at Clive.
"You're around now as a kid? Shit, that's too crazy to comprehend."
"I was born in sixty-two, which makes me sixty, but the other version of me is four years old, knocking around in Glasgow and living with my dad."
"What about your mum?"
"She died giving birth."
"Sorry, Clive. I had no idea. Have you been to Glasgow to have a peek at yourself as a child?"
"Good God man, no! That would be almost perverted. Just the idea of it is beyond weirdness."
Joe nodded.
"I'm not even born yet. It'll be another ten years until there are two of me in this world."
Joe's heavy thought was followed by silence as the two men contemplated their similar paths. However, the silence was soon broken by the sound of the baying crowd waiting for Dylan.
"He's out," said Clive, as Grossman helped Dylan push through the throng of fans who were fifty strong. Feinstein took pictures, and Dylan looked expressionless. He hardly spoke a word and Dylan's shades made him unreadable.
Joe watched with intrigue and wondered just how the hell did he manage to end up in Dylan's car, on Dylan's tour, with Dylan's people. He wondered whether he would ever know.
Dylan, Grossman, and Feinstein tumbled in, and Clive pulled away. He had to drive carefully. Fans pushed their faces against the window on Dylan's side of the car. It was like Dylan had become everyone's property, and everyone wanted a little piece of him. Fans knocked on Joe's side too. Joe felt penned in, and he wondered how Dylan dealt with it. He glanced towards Dylan, who was utterly poker-faced as if nothing were happening.
"What about the others?" Joe said, referring to the members of Dylan's band who were in the car earlier.
"They're doing a bit of sightseeing. After that, the guys will make their own way to the venue. They have the luxury of not being quite as well-known as Bob," replied Feinstein.
"Do you have my phone?" whispered Joe.
Feinstein nodded and tapped his pocket.
"It's safe and sound."
Dylan said he wanted to go shopping. There was time to kill before the evening's show. He asked Clive to take him to the high street. Dylan said he wanted a new pair of boots. Clive dutifully did as he was told and drove him to the Bullring.
Joe had visited Birmingham's Bullring shopping centre with Jenny and was surprised to find out it was around in the sixties. He assumed it was a modern affair, which had been built in the eighties.
Clive stopped near the entrance and Joe saw how different the place looked. It was an ugly concrete complex, which was nothing like the place he had visited a few years earlier.
"Are you sure you want to look around this place?" asked Clive.
Dylan nodded and let himself out. Grossman and Feinstein followed too, leaving Clive and Joe alone again. Joe didn't want to spend more time with Clive; it was too unnerving.
"I need time alone," Joe said, opening the door and stepping out. He walked to Clive's window.
"It's nothing personal. I just need to think about things. Bob's playing the Odeon, yeah?"
"That's right. It's on New Street."
"I'll find it. I'll see you there."

Joe made his way to the Bullring but made sure he stayed away from Dylan and the others. He was peckish and needed to eat. He had declined Clive's offer of food earlier, but now, pangs of hunger made his stomach churn.
Joe walked into the shopping centre and felt for the envelope of cash in his pocket. It was still there. The money was his lifeline to independence. Without it, he was sentenced to spending all his time with Dylan, almost as if he ate the scraps from his table. Joe had not even counted how much cash he had. He had no idea of how currency worked, as decimalisation was yet to happen. A pound was made up of twenty shillings, or two-hundred and forty pennies. But Joe didn't even know what the coins and notes in the envelope were. It was like spending money in a foreign country.
Joe knew Dylan was not far away because he could hear the commotion. He wondered how his fans even knew he was here. The only people who knew he was heading for the shopping centre were those in the car.  Even they did not know until Dylan had announced it a few minutes before arriving.
Joe saw a café and made a beeline. On the specials board were ham, egg, and chips. It sounded good.
He ordered his food and sat down. Something about the café seemed different from everywhere else, and then he realised what it was. Signs on the wall announced that no smoking was allowed. It was quite literally a breath of fresh air. Oddly enough, there were hardly any other customers. He assumed that the café was prepared to lose business by making the place a healthier environment to eat in.
A teenager brought Joe's food and a pot of tea for one. He put down a clean knife and fork and became distracted by the crowd outside. The teenager put his head around the door and dashed back in and called to his boss.
"Bob Dylan's outside."
The teenager's manager and four others who worked at the café pushed their faces against the window for a better view. Three of the patrons also got up. A lady who sat across from Joe asked him what was going on. Joe lied when he said he did not know. He started on his food in blissful ignorance of what was happening outside.
It was clear that not all of those in the café knew who Dylan was but had become swept along with the commotion caused by celebrity. Joe enjoyed a few minutes of solitude as he ate alone. The food tasted fattier than he was used to. The chips were greasy, and the ham had streaks of white in it. Joe emptied the last dollop of tomato sauce and shook salt on the food. It was just what he needed.
"He's coming this way," said the excited teenager. "What if he comes in here?"
'Shit,' thought Joe. It was the last thing he wanted. He put his head down and looked away from the window.
"Nah, he walked right by. Just our luck," said the manager. "That would have made a great picture. Bob Dylan eating here," she added.
Joe sighed and carried on eating. He spotted jam roly-poly on the dessert board. His appetite had returned enough for him to order it along with a helping of custard.
He finished eating and dropped two shillings in the tips jar. The teenager's eyes were on stalks when he saw the tip's size, but Joe was oblivious. He asked the manager how far New Street was and in which direction. She told him which way and that it was about a mile.
Outside the café, Joe saw that the commotion caused by Dylan had calmed down. He assumed Dylan had gone elsewhere. He slowly ambled in the direction of the Odeon. Joe was in no rush. The soundcheck would not happen for a few hours, but he had to make sure he was there before Clive turned up with Dylan in the Princess, or else there was no way Joe would be allowed into the venue. Joe needed Feinstein to get him in. He was not too bothered about watching Dylan’s show that night, but it was the only place he could go. Storm clouds gathered, and Joe did not want to be out on the streets in the rain.
He walked the streets and took in Birmingham of the sixties. So much was different, but some things seemed the same. The fonts advertising products in shop windows were swirly and mostly handwritten. The smell of petrol filled the air, and cars and lorries sounded louder than he was used to. Policemen strolled the streets and stopped to speak with pedestrians. It seemed a friendlier time compared to the twenty-first century. Groups of people gathered on street corners and chatted. Then, Joe heard someone call his name. He turned around and saw Christine on the other side of the road. She smiled and waved.
Joe was not sure whether he was happy to see her. He looked at his palm and saw that her phone number had almost washed off. There was a break in the traffic, and she took the opportunity to cross over. She threw her arms around him and planted a kiss on his cheek.
"So, you are coming to the show," she said.
"It looks like it. How about you?"
"Hopefully, as long as Mark gets me in again."
"Mark?"
"My cousin, you met him yesterday."
Joe nodded.
"You didn't call me. I hoped you would. Do you still have my number?"
He no longer had it but remembered it from last night's dream.
"FOU 0200," he said.
"Wow, you've got a good memory. Christine smiled and linked arms with him. "Let's go for a walk. How about buying me a drink?"
Joe had no appetite for food nor drink. He had only just eaten. But he did have a wish to be with someone other than Dylan's people or Clive. So, he agreed and walked her to a pub.
Christine asked for a small wine, and Joe opted for half of bitter. He doubted if he would have more than a sip, but he could not sit in a pub without a glass of something on the table.
Awkward small talk between two relative strangers prevailed. Christine asked Joe how old he thought she was. Joe hated it when women asked him to guess their age.
"Don't put me on the spot," he said with a smile.
"Go on. You won't offend me."
"He looked at her face. Her skin was soft and smooth like she was not long out of her teens, but there was something, which he could not put his finger on, which suggested she was older. Perhaps it was her confidence and the air with which she carried herself. He braced himself for the worst.
"I think you're…. twenty-seven."
"You're not far off. I'm twenty-four."
She clinked her glass against his and took a sip.
"What do you do? For a living, I mean?" Joe asked.
"My job is sooo boring. I work for Birmingham Council. I've got a little time off to follow Bob on this tour. I'm back to work after the weekend, though. How about you?"
"My job's not much to brag about either. I'm an electrical engineer."
"That sounds important."
"Believe me, it sounds more impressive than it is."
"What do you do to relax?"
Joe contemplated the question and realised he did very little other than work. When not working, he spent most of his time in his den, listening to mainly Dylan's music. He thought how dull he was.
"I like to listen to music," he said.
"Me too. I love music. I also like to tell fortunes."
"You what?"
"I said I like to tell peoples fortunes."
"Like tea leaves?"
"No, I read palms. I'll read yours if you like."
Joe wondered what she would find and became intrigued. He agreed and offered his palm. Christine saw a faint impression of her handwriting from when she had written her number last night.
She took his hand, and he enjoyed the soft touch of her fingers. She was sixteen years younger than he, and despite being married, and a father, he let the moment take him away from the hell he was going through.
"You have fire hands," said Christine.
"Is that a good thing?"
She didn't answer. Instead, she described what she saw.
"See, you have square palms with long bony, spindly fingers. Look at your knuckles, they protrude."
Joe had never liked his hands. He thought they were ugly and were his least favourite feature. Even Jenny mentioned them. She had often told him that he should learn to play the piano and put his long fingers to good use.
"Fire hands, what does that mean?" he asked.
"It can mean many things. There are four hand types. Earth, fire, water, and air. They all have their advantages and disadvantages."
"But what do fire hands tell you about me?"
"It tells me that you are intellectually curious. You are good at analysing things and a good listener. However, you can become easily distracted and, if not stimulated, you can be nervous and jumpy. Does that sound like the type of person you are?"
"To be quite honest, I'm not too sure. It sounds a bit like me, but…,"
"It doesn't have to describe you down to a tee. Think of it more of a generalisation."
"Okay, what else do you see?"
Christine began observing Joe's palm's natural topography. His sunken mounts revealed his underdeveloped qualities, but she decided to keep this to herself. She examined his lines. His heart line, his fate line, his sun line and then finally his lifeline. Then, she saw something she had not come across before. She held his palm closer for a better look.
"That's unusual."
"What is?"
"Your lifeline."
"Why, am I going to die soon?"
"No, not at all. It seems you have two on your right palm and one on the other. I've not come across that before."
"Is it significant?"
"I don't know. I must say I'm no expert. I only do this for fun, but it seems like you have two lives running in parallel. Almost as if your life will split and travel in two different directions. Look, let me show you."
She moved from the other side of the table and sat next to him. She took his hand and ran her fingernail along his lifeline. 
"That's your lifeline. That tells me a lot…. but look closer."
She ran her nail over another line. It was much fainter, and it jutted off in a different direction and then stopped short.
"See, you have another one. I've never seen this before, and I don't know what it means."
"Oh, I hope it doesn't spell trouble," said Joe, wondering whether there was any significance to what happened yesterday. He pondered whether Clive had something similar on his palms too.
Despite not being in the mood to drink, Joe found his half-pint glass empty. He had consumed it without realising. Now he had a thirst on and fancied another. He pointed to Christine's glass which was also empty and asked whether she wanted another.
"A large one please," she said, taking off her glasses and looking at him with her big, beautiful eyes.
Joe smiled and returned shortly with a glass of wine for Christine and a double whisky for himself. She expected him to have bought himself another half or a soft drink. But, instead, she was surprised to see he was on the hard stuff so early in the day.
"Is everything okay?" she asked.
"Uh-huh."
"Really? You don't sound too sure."
"I'm fine. I've got a lot going on right now, that's all."
"Problems at home?"
He contemplated her question. There must be problems at home. He wasn't there for a start; he was here instead. He wondered what had happened when Jenny clouted him with the bag of rocks. Had she killed him? Did he vanish in front of her? And what about Robert? What was happening to him? According to Clive, there seemed little chance of Joe returning to his own space and time. He remembered what Clive said earlier. He told him Joe had become a nobody. Joe realised he was a man with no past, only a future. He drank down the whisky and ordered another. He bought another wine for Christine too.
Joe remained coherent, even after the speed he drank his first double whisky. Christine detected sadness.
"Have you spoken to your wife?"
"No, not since yesterday."
"Are you running from her?"
"No. It's hard to explain…, actually, it's nearly impossible to explain."
Christine was keen to dig deeper but knew when to back off. So, she decided to change the subject.
"What about your parents?"
"What about them?"
"I dunno. Are they still around?"
Joe's father died in two-thousand and ten. But his mother, Mary, was still alive. He told Christine that his father had passed, without giving the year in which he died. Then it occurred to him that his parents were still alive. They were married in nineteen sixty-five and Joe was born eleven years later. He stared into the whisky glass, which was going down rather quickly, and contemplated the thought. Joe had not spoken to his father in six years. But here, in the space and time he lived in right now, he could call and talk to both.
Christine watched his face as the whisky took hold. She was no mind reader, she was not much of a palm reader either, but she could tell he was troubled. He appeared to be a deep man who held things close.
He finished his drink and was about to buy a third. Instead, Christine took his arm and pulled him back to his chair. She put her arm around him and rested her head on his shoulder.
"Let's get out of here. I think we could do with some fresh air."
She took his hand and led him out of the bar. The overcast sky had cleared, and he blinked in the sun. He asked Christine for the time, and she told him it was three-thirty. He wondered where the afternoon had gone. He did not realise they had spent so much time in the bar.
"I need to be at the Odeon. I have to be there before Barry Feinstein arrives, or else I won't get into tonight's show."
"Don't worry about that. I'm sure my cousin Mark will get us both in."
Christine led the way, and it was not far to walk. She put her arm around his waist. He knew it was wrong, but he liked her touch. They walked past a telephone box, and an idea began to form in Joe's slightly drunken mind, which he pushed to one side.
"Nah," he said beneath his breath, but not quietly enough for Christine not to hear.

It was no surprise to Joe when he saw a crowd outside the Odeon. The doors were yet to open for another two hours, but Dylan's fans were desperate to get a peep of their hero as he arrived. He looked for the Princess, but it was not at the front of the Odeon. He grabbed Christine's arm and ran along the venue's side street to the stage door. The Princess was there, and it was empty.
Joe touched the bonnet. It was warm. "Shit," snapped Joe, "we must have only just missed Feinstein and Dylan."
Clive had managed to sneak the huge car past the crowd without them seeing Dylan.
"Okay, well, that didn't go to plan," Joe said. "What time is your cousin arriving?"
"Whenever it suits him. He may already be in there with everyone else right now."
"I thought you said he could get you in."
"He probably can. I just need to find him first. He's got a tour pass and he’s on the guest list; he can get me into any venue Bob plays in the UK."
"But what if he's already inside?"
"Don't worry, he'll probably pop out from time to time. He's looking out for me."
'Great,' thought Joe. 'So, I've got to hang around like one of Dylan's sheep.'
Joe considered that things could be worse; at least he had the company of a pretty girl.
The Dylan fans who were waiting at the front of the venue had migrated to the side street. Joe estimated there were twenty-five, maybe thirty. They looked very similar to each other, and most wore shades. All the males had beards. Both the boys and girls wore dark clothes.
The crowd assumed Joe was a Dylan fan, which of course, he was, but he was not the same sort of fan they were. The conversation between them was competitive. There was a lot of bravadoes. A lot of boastfulness from those who had been to the Cardiff and Bristol gigs already. Some were showing off that they had tickets for the rest of the tour. One scrawny little fan, who smoked a pipe and was full of himself, showed off ticket stubs from the Belfast and Dublin gigs before the tour had reached mainland UK. Joe thought it really was an exercise in measuring dicks. Fans wanted to go one better than the next.
The scrawny pipe smoker introduced himself to Joe and Christine.
"Hi, I'm Chester. Are you hoping to meet Dylan?"
Joe thought it was a stupid question. Why else would they be there? But Chester was right. Joe was not particularly hoping to meet Dylan; in fact, he was not bothered about Dylan either way. It was Feinstein he wanted to hook up with. If nothing else, just to ensure that Joe had somewhere to crash for the night. So, Joe decided to play it cool.
"Yeah, I am. That would be amazing," replied Joe.
"He's a great guy. I met him at the Dublin and Belfast shows. And at Bristol too."
"There's a stroke of luck,” Joe said.
"Not really. Dylan recognises me now. If he sees me by the stage doors, he makes sure I get in. I hang around with him and his band. He even knows my name."
Chester was full of himself. Joe did not ask whether Chester was at last night's gig. If he was, he certainly did not see him. Christine hung onto Joe's arm.
"You're a bit old to like Dylan, aren't you? So, who's the girl, your daughter or your girlfriend?"
"We're friends," said Christine on Joe's behalf. Both were quick to dislike Chester. Joe noticed that most of the fans kept their distance from him. Joe had met many like him over the years. Little people with larger-than-life characters who typically had to make up for something missing in their lives. The thing that was usually missing were friends.
Joe zoned out as Chester's voice rattled somewhere in the distance.
Then, a lone figure with a familiar gait ambled up the side street. The man pushed past the crowd and said, 'excuse me, ladies,' then rapped loudly on the stage door, which creaked open. He flashed his pass and was allowed in. Before the door shut, he called out to Joe and Christine.
"You two coming or what?" he said, in his strong Glaswegian accent.
They followed Clive through the stage door, which slammed behind them.
The look on Chester's face would have won first prize at any village green fair.

"Thanks, Clive. I thought I was going to be out there for ages. Oh, this is Christine."
"Yeah, I’ve seen her before. I knew she'd worm her way in one way or the other, so I thought I may as well just let her in now," Clive said, with a wry smile.
Christine thanked him.
"What have you been doing since I last saw you?" asked Clive.
"Nothing much. Just meandering. I bumped into Christine, had a couple of whiskies. How about you?"
"I've been down the bookies."
"You're a gambling man?"
"Not normally, but with the benefit of hindsight, I've recently started to have the odd little flutter."
"You're not saying what I think you're saying, are you?"
"Depends on what you're thinking. Christine, why don't you run along to the dressing room. Bob and the band are there."
Christine wondered why Dylan's driver needed to be alone with Joe. She said nothing and headed down the corridor in the direction of the chatter of American voices.
"Have you been betting on races that you remember from the sixties?"
"No way, my memory's not that good. I couldn't tell you anything about the horses from that far back. I would have been just a little kid. But there's something I remember well. It's something I'm sure you remember too."
"Enlighten me."
"What year is it?"
"Nineteen sixty-six."
"And what happened in nineteen sixty-six?"
"I can't think."
"Yes, you can. A huge sporting event. Something you damn Sassenachs still bleat about to this day…, this day in the future, I mean."
"The world cup?"
"Yes, the world cup. It's not long to wait now. The thirtieth of July."
"What did you bet."
"Just the basics. England will beat Germany, four two. I've bet Geoff Hurst will score the final goal in the last minute of extra time."
"Shit, Clive, how much did you put down?"
"Ten pounds."
"That's mad, that's loads, isn't it?" Joe asked.
"It's a bloody fortune. So I hope the World Cup pans out as it did in our history books, or else I'm screwed."
"Why?"
"Grossman's not paid me this month. He said he did, but I've not seen it. He pays me cash in hand. He said he paid me a few days ago. I've not had a penny."
"I saw you arguing this morning. Is that what it was about?"
"Yeah. Grossman loaned me some cash. But he wants it back, though."
Their conversation was cut short by banging on the stage door.  Clive opened it and peered outside. Joe craned his head to see who it was. It was Chester, the scrawny, mouthy Dylan fan, and he looked at Joe with pleading eyes.
"Hello again, mate. I wondered if you could let me in, you know, so I could say hello to Bob?"
"I thought Bob knows you. You said he even knows your name. So how come you need me to get you in? You told me you've been backstage in Ireland and Bristol."
"Because he's shitting you," said Clive. "I'd be astonished if Dylan’s ever seen him before. It’s the first time I’ve seen him."
"I know who you are, your Bob's driver. I've seen you every night."
"Even in Ireland?"
"Yeah, Dublin and Belfast."
"Well, that's odd. I only started driving Dylan since he came to England. Now piss off!"
Clive shut the door in Chester's face.
"So, he's a liar then?"
"Not exactly. I am. I was driving Dylan in Ireland, but I can't stand that little git. I wanted to knock him down a peg or two in front of the other fans."
"That was a bit unfair, wasn't it?"
"I guess so, but it's who I am. It's the sort of thing I do."

Joe knew not to get on the wrong side of Clive and was aware of his past. He nodded and followed him to the dressing room.
Chapter 15
I don't think you understand the importance of your actions tonight


Joe and Clive entered the green room of the Birmingham Odeon. Christine spotted Joe and smiled. Without her cousin Mark beside her, she felt out of place in Dylan's presence. However, she felt more relaxed now that Joe was with her.
Food was laid out, and Feinstein told Joe to help himself, but he was not hungry. Christine bashfully took a couple of sandwiches and some fruit.
"What's ours is yours," said Dylan, between drags on his cigarette. Then he turned to Joe and took off his shades. "You and I need to talk later, not now, but after tonight's show."
Joe was sure he knew what Dylan wanted to talk about. He fully expected to be told that tonight was Joe's last night freeloading the tour. If that was the case, then Joe was cool with it. He was expecting it. He was surprised he had managed to hang around with Dylan and his people for two performances. He spotted Feinstein wearing his Nike's.
"Suit you, sir," said Joe. The only one who understood the relevance was Clive, who threw Joe a wry smile.
"I think I look like a rather dapper Englishman," said Feinstein, admiring his newly acquired footwear.
Joe sauntered over and whispered in Feinstein's ear.
"I need my phone back."
"I'll get it later; I've left it in the car."
"It's not safe in the car. Someone might break in and take it."
"No one will take it. Calm down."
"Barry, I can't take the risk. It's my only connection to my family. I couldn't bear to lose it."
"Okay, okay. Go with Clive. It's in a compartment on the driver's side rear door."
Feinstein signalled to Clive, who came over.
"Joe's left something in the car. Would you mind going with him to unlock it?"
Clive sighed heavily. Instead, he threw the car keys to Joe, who snatched them out of the air.
"Go on your own. Just be careful," snapped Clive.
Joe asked Christine to come with him because he needed someone to keep the stage door ajar. He did not want to be locked out. She followed him along the corridor, asking why he needed to go to the car, but Joe did not answer.  Christine waited dutifully by the stage door as Joe ventured outside. Joe's heart sank when he saw Chester was still hanging around alone.
Joe snuck out, kept his head down, and knew what was going to happen next. He opened the Princess, felt around, and found his phone. It was just where Feinstein said it would be. He slipped it into his pocket.
"Hi mate, great to see you again. Any chance you could let me in?" said Chester.
"I’m sorry, but I can’t do that."
"Why not?"
"I don't think I'll be in anyone's good books if I bring you in without checking first."
"Go on, I'll make it worth your while."
"No, sorry, I don't think so."
"So, what makes you such a blessed person to grace the presence of Bob 'fucking' Dylan?" said Chester. His pseudo-friendly demeanour dropping like a heavy stone.
"Yeah, sorry.… I gotta go," huffed Joe.
"You wanna keep him all to yourself, eh! Well, that's not very charitable, is it?"
Christine was behind the backstage door, making sure it would not close on Joe.
Chester spotted the door was ajar and made a dash for it. He pushed it open with such force that Christine was knocked off her feet. The door slammed shut, leaving Joe outside alone. Christine jumped up and opened it, and Joe darted in and chased after Chester.
"What the Hell's happening?" yelled Christine before following Joe.
Chester put his head around each door along the corridor, searching for Dylan. He was like a fox terrier sniffing out its prey.
"Come back," snapped Joe. He knew he was in trouble for letting Chester slip past him.
Chester saw Dylan's name on the dressing room door. He barged in unannounced, but the room was empty. Chester stopped and listened. Above Joe's footsteps, who was closing in on him, he could hear Dylan and his entourage behind a door further along. He dashed in the direction of the voices and threw the door open. He stunned the room's occupants into silence. Dylan looked up from his plate of food.
"Can we help you?" said Grossman.
Joe caught up and tried to apologise for letting Chester in but was too out of breath to speak.
"Your friend kindly let me in," lied Chester.
"No, I didn't."
"Well, now that you're here, how can we help? I suppose you want Bob's autograph," said Grossman.
"Autograph, why would I want a scrappy piece of paper with that talentless bastard's name scrawled across it? I mean, I would have done before he let us all down."
"Ah, someone else who's not happy about me plugging my guitar in," said Dylan.
"Too damn right. And you've betrayed all of us with more than a kiss."
"Okay, okay, son, we understand. You're pissed with Bob. You've said your bit, and now it's time for you to go," said Clive.
"Shut up. You're just the lowlife who drives a car. You're nothing better than an underdeveloped taxi driver."
Clive felt a rage build within but knew to keep calm.
"I'm not leaving here until you swear that you'll give up this electric crap," said Chester to Dylan, in a slower, more controlled tone than before.
"I cannot do that."
"I'm sorry, but you're wrong. Either you go back to how you were before, or you die."
Chester pulled a pistol from his jacket pocket and aimed it at Dylan. The room fell silent. Chester slowly circled Dylan with the gun pointed at his head. Dylan was surprisingly calm. If it were not for a single bead of perspiration on his forehead, he would have seemed unimpressed by what was unfolding. However, the others were not so calm. Mickey Jones and Robbie Robertson stood rooted with their jaws hanging open. Robertson had a bad feeling that Dylan's life was about to be snuffed out by the lunatic with a gun. Grossman's mind was working hard to formulate a plan. Joe darted his eyes around the room in search of a weapon of some kind while Christine fought hard not to cry.
"I'm going to count down from five, and if you don’t tell me what I want to hear, I will shoot you. Do you understand?"
"Yeah, I understand," said Dylan, who was not backing down. Instead, he seemed to be playing games with Chester.
"Okay, it's up to you. I'm counting down and I'll do it nice and slowly, so you have plenty of time to make up your mind. Five ………. four ………. three ……….."
No one understood why Dylan did not speak. After all, he only had to agree to Chester's demands; he did not need to action them. Finally, Grossman opened his mouth and was about to reason with Chester, but kept quiet when the madman turned the gun upon him.
"Don't say a fuckin' word," said Chester before turning the pistol back on Dylan. He resumed the countdown from where he left off.
"two………."
Suddenly, a thud mixed with a discordant twang filled the room, and Chester stumbled. Clive grabbed the gun and Robertson pulled Chester to the ground and lay on top of him. Chester struggled, but Robertson had him pinned down a treat. Clive opened the chamber of the gun. It was empty.
All eyes, including Chester's, turned to Joe, who held Dylan's 'Nick Lucas Special' guitar by its neck. The guitar was now complete with a dent in it that matched the shape of Chester's head.
Joe nervously handed the guitar to Dylan and apologised for breaking it. Robertson rolled over, yanked Chester up by his collar and threw him onto a chair.
Dylan began to laugh profusely. It was hard to tell whether he thought the situation was comical or whether he was laughing out of nervousness. A few of the others began to join in, but most remained silently stunned. Then, Dylan looked at his guitar and turned to Joe.
"Nice work, although I'd preferred you to have used Robbie's Telecaster."
Dylan jumped up and went to his dressing room. Grossman went to follow, but Robbie Robertson raised his hand.
"Let him alone, just for a few minutes."

The police arrived and took statements from everyone. One of the officers remained with Chester, handcuffed in a separate room, and kept a watchful eye on the mad twenty-something man.
After the commotion was over and Chester was taken away, things returned to relative normality. Very little was said about what happened. A few people ate, but most had lost their appetites.
"Quick thinking," said Feinstein, squeezing Joe's shoulder.
Dylan came back in and shook Joe's hand. He did not thank him, however, Joe saw Dylan's gratitude by the look in his eye. It was one of the rare occasions when Joe had not seen him wearing shades.

Dylan and his band meandered towards the stage for the soundcheck. Joe stayed behind.
"Aren't you coming to watch?" asked Christine.
"Nah, I think I'll stay here. I'd like to be alone for a few minutes."
Christine smiled and stepped closer. 
"I don't think you understand the importance of your actions tonight. Bob could have been killed."
"Not really; the gun was empty."
"But none of us knew that at the time."
"I don't think Bob's pleased about his guitar, though."
"But it's just a guitar. He'll get it repaired or replaced. Are you sure you don't want to watch the soundcheck?"
"I'm fine. I can hear it from here."
"Okay, suit yourself," said Christine. She gave him a kiss on his cheek and left him alone.
Joe had not seen a picture of Jenny and Robert since leaving the hotel that morning. Now that he had his phone back from Feinstein, he wanted time alone to scroll through his photo gallery and look at the two people who meant the most to him. He took time to look at his wife and son closely. He enlarged an image of Jenny to get a closer look at her soft skin. Her beautiful eyes gazed back at him as if they were looking at each other. He put the screen to his lips and kissed her image.
Joe continued to scroll through the gallery and came to the most recent pictures of Aust Wharf. He looked at the photo of Jenny and Robert standing next to him and then at the image that Jenny took of him and Robert. Then Joe scrolled to the one of Joe on his own impersonating Dylan's stance. It was the photograph that had started the whole inexplicable string of events that had thrown him into the crazy world in which he now existed. The three consecutive pictures were as if his family were leaving him one by one.
The picture of Joe standing alone should have been the last in the gallery, but Joe saw that there was a new one. It was a photograph that neither he nor Jenny had taken. He scrolled to the picture and saw it was of the wharf. It was desolate and empty. The sky had a strange tint to it as if a filter had been added. The bridge was in the distance and looked strangely different, and Joe enlarged the picture and saw that the bridge was incomplete. He zoomed in closer and made out the pixilated images of construction workers.
"What the hell?" he said beneath his breath. 
He moved the picture around, searching the finer detail of the image when something caught his attention. It was so faint that it was hardly there at all. He zoomed out and squinted his eyes. It was the Aust Ferry and it was heading away from Beachley Wharf and towards England. Joe shuddered, and his hand trembled as he held the phone. He was sure the picture was not there before. Joe lay his phone on the table and stared at the image until it dimmed, and the phone timed out. He let out a long, loud, sad sigh. He picked up his phone again, tapped in the PIN, and the phone sprang back to life showing the gallery app. Joe wanted to scrutinise the strange picture. He had to work out how it got there. He saw the image of him standing on the wharf and scrolled to find the strange new picture he had seen less than a minute ago. But it was not there. He scrolled again, but there was nothing. The most recent photo was Joe in his Dylanesque pose. He tried a couple more times and then gave up.
He leaned back in his chair and tried to weigh things up. During the last few hours, he had almost begun to accept what had happened, but seeing that ghostly image brought him back down with a thud.
The soundcheck had started, and Joe heard Dylan speaking over the P.A. system. He made his way to the auditorium and watched Dylan from the corner of the stage as the singer joked with his band members. The gravity of the situation hit him hard again. It struck him as hard as yesterday when he woke up on the wharf. He slumped against the wall, lowered himself to the floor, and looked around him. He was in a world fifty years earlier than his own. He shared a world with people of that time and with Clive, a man even further from Joe's future.
He thought about Chester. If Chester had a loaded gun, then Dylan could have been killed that night. Joe had saved the moment, but he had also created a new moment in history. Had Joe not let Chester slip through the backstage door, then none of it would have happened. He pondered the idea that history had now changed forever. He was sure that tomorrow's newspapers would have Dylan's near assassination as their headlines. It would make worldwide news. He tried hard to push the notion away, but it kept hanging in the forefront of his mind, niggling like an annoying earworm.
Dylan and the band ran through a brief section of 'Like a Rolling Stone', but Joe did not want to hear it. He saw Christine watching from the front of the stage with her jaw hanging open. Joe hauled himself up from the floor and slowly made his way backstage. He suddenly felt tired and heavy, and walking became an effort.
The table was loaded with half-eaten food and Joe should have been hungry. He had not eaten for several hours, but he could not face the thought of food. The door swung shut behind him, which muffled the music from the soundcheck.
Joe was relieved to be alone, and for the first time since falling back in time, he cried. He cried so hard that his eyes stung as tears spilt down his face. Through tear-soaked eyes, he saw Dylan's damaged acoustic guitar. The weirdness of the past thirty-or-so hours was sinking in more than before. His mind could not contemplate the strangeness. Despite being around people and having made some new friends, he felt very alone.

His tears subsided. It was only a brief outburst of grief, perhaps thirty or forty seconds, but it had done him good. Joe looked around the room. The walls were white and reminded him of a clinical hospital. Chipped paintwork and scuffed skirting boards did not make a salubrious place for celebrities to hang around. He became fixated on dirty finger marks on the light switch but was quickly distracted when Feinstein entered the room.
"Here you are. I wondered where you were,"
"Hi, Barry. I just needed some time alone."
"That was a cool thing you did tonight. Quick thinking."
Joe nodded.
"I'm worried about what I've done, though."
"Why?"
"Before I tell you why, may I ask you something?"
"Sure thing."
"On a scale of one to a hundred, how much do you believe that I'm telling you the truth about what happened to me?" asked Joe.
"On a scale of one to a hundred, I think what you believed happened is true. I’m one hundred per cent sure of it. But if you’re asking how sure am I that what you say has actually happened? Then I'd say I'm only ninety-nine per cent sure."
Joe nodded and smiled weakly. Feinstein's words made him feel better.
"I'm worried about what I've done has changed the course of the future. I am sure I would have read that Bob was almost killed on this tour, but there have been no reports of what happened this afternoon ever taking place. But since letting Chester in and him threatening Bob's life, I'm worried I've changed the course of the future. Do you understand?"
"Yeah, I understand, but I don't know what to say. The thought hadn't crossed my mind until now."
"Have you told Dylan about me?"
"Kind of, I mean we’ve spoken about you, but I know he doesn't believe you're from the future. To be honest, I don't know what he thinks. But I know one thing."
"What?"
"After tonight's show, he was going to ask you to leave."
It was not a surprise to Joe. He felt he was on thin ice when he was around Dylan. He knew it was only a matter of time until Joe was shown the door.
"But", continued Feinstein, "after what happened tonight, I know he is happy for you to stay as long as you want. Although, I must say, you do make him kind of nervous."
Joe smiled weakly again. He sensed Dylan's awkwardness when he was around. The whole damn thing was just crazy beyond belief.
"The thing is, I don't want to be on Dylan's carousel anymore. I want to get off. But if I do, I've nowhere to go."
"How about the girl who hangs around? What's her name?"
"Christine."
"Yeah, Christine. She likes you a lot. Perhaps you could stay with her."
"I'm a married man. I couldn't do that."
"I don't want to upset you, but I think there is very little chance of you seeing your wife and family again."
Joe felt tears well up again but swallowed hard and kept them at bay.
"Things are just so fucked up beyond belief. I don't know what to do."
Joe contemplated what Clive had told him earlier.
"The problem is Barry, I'm a nobody. I have no valid I.D. here in the sixties." He reached for his wallet, pulled out his driving license and tossed it to Feinstein.
Feinstein gasped when he saw it. Joe's picture had a strange holographic image across it. He had never seen anything like it.
"You see what I mean. You can imagine the commotion if I was asked to show that to prove who I am."
Feinstein scrutinised the driving license. The small, pink rigid plastic card was like nothing he had seen before.
"What's this?" he asked, pointing to a squiggle beneath Joe's picture and an image of the Union Jack flag.
"My signature."
Feinstein squinted his eyes and read the licence expiry date.
"Two thousand and twenty-five," he said beneath his breath before handing it back to Joe.
His belief in Joe's story had just bumped up to one hundred per cent.
"I don't know what to tell you my friend; I'm lost for words," said Feinstein.
"If you think you're lost for words, think about how I feel."

The soundcheck was over, and Dylan, his band, and the other hangers-on filed back in. Since the episode with Chester, the atmosphere seemed different to Joe. Before, he was in the shadows at the back of the room, now he seemed to be someone of significance. For the first time, Dylan's bass player, Rick Danko, acknowledged Joe with a wink.
There was nervous excitement in the air and Joe knew why; it was because of what happened earlier. No one wanted to talk about it, but Joe knew it was on everyone's mind. Dylan seemed more upbeat than he usually was. He appeared jollier and spoke faster than Joe had heard him before. Joe expected the gravity of what could have happened would hit home later and hoped it would not affect the rest of the tour.
Joe watched the last of the food quickly get devoured. The Dylan entourage were like seagulls fighting over a half-empty fast-food carton. Again, Joe put it down to the earlier event and why everyone was acting differently. Joe still could not face the thought of food. The effects of his earlier whisky had worn off and the only thing he wanted to do was to get drunk.
In the corner of the room were several bottles of wine. Joe asked Grossman if he minded if he opened a bottle. Grossman waved his hand and gestured to Joe to help himself.
Joe pulled the cork and emptied half the bottle into a mug he found on the window sill. Christine watched him from the other side of the room and ambled over to him.
"Take it steady, Eddy."
"I just feel like getting very drunk right now?"
"Why?"
He had no intention of telling her about what was going on. Only two other people knew, and Joe wanted it to remain that way.
"Because of what happened earlier, with the gun."
Christine sat beside him, put her arm around him and kissed him on his cheek. Feinstein spied them from the other side of the room and smiled. Christine kissed Joe again and he did not object. She clasped her hands on his cheeks and turned his head to face hers and began kissing his lips.
Suddenly, as if awakening from a trance, he pushed away. 
"Sorry, I can't do this." Joe's thoughts were pulled harshly to Jenny's pretty face. He recalled what Feinstein had told him less than half an hour earlier when he said, 'I think there's very little chance of you seeing your wife and family again.'
Joe was enjoying his kiss with Christine and thought Feinstein was probably right. If Joe would see Jenny again, it was likely it would happen when he would be a very old man. By the time Jenny would be in her school year aged eleven, Joe would be in his sixties. He was about to kiss Christine again. He was sure he no longer had a future with Jenny and would not be cheating on her. Their mouths touched, and Christine could taste wine on Joe's lips.
But still, it felt wrong. He had only seen Jenny yesterday. She was fresh in his mind, and it felt as if she was still close to him. It was almost as if her eyes were upon him as he caressed Christine. He pushed away again.
"It's your wife, isn't it?"
Joe nodded. Christine seemed put out.
"Then where is she?" snapped Christine. "Why isn't she here with you now?"
Joe was physically and mentally exhausted. He felt beaten. He wondered whether he should just tell her the truth. What was the worst that could happen? Right now, he did not care if she believed him or not. In all likelihood, she would tell him he had lost his senses and want nothing to do with him, and he did not want that to happen. Christine was one of the few friends he had right now. He did not want to lose her.
"It's too complicated. I'd rather not talk about it."
He finished the mug of wine and topped it up with what was left in the bottle. It was beginning to affect him faster than he expected. The room was getting too loud for him, and he wanted to be on his own again. Since yesterday, he found he wanted to be alone more and more. He gulped the wine, got up and left the room. Christine watched him walk out, and she considered what a complicated man he was.

Joe wandered along the dimly lit corridor and he could hear the audience filing into the auditorium. Backstage was like a labyrinth. It was a maze in which he was happy to lose himself. The further he walked; the quieter things became. The muffled chitchat of the crowd diminished, and the conversations happening backstage were out of earshot. He walked along the twisting passageway, and it became darker. Several ceiling lights were not working, which gave even more eeriness to the surreal situation. The wine was working its magic too. He took another gulp.
Joe saw a chair next to a payphone which was fixed to a wall. He stopped and swayed as he looked at the telephone. Images of his parents flashed before him. His father was dead, but his mother, Mary, was still alive. But now, in nineteen sixty-six, they were both alive and well.
They had married in sixty-five, and Joe came along eleven years later in seventy-six. A crazy idea developed in his wine-fuelled mind. He remembered his father telling him that they were first on their road to own a telephone at home. Most people had to take a trip to the nearest phone box to make a call. He recalled how proud his parents were about this. So, he picked up the handset, dialled the operator and asked to be connected to Daniel and Mary Treasure in Bristol.
Chapter 16
A penny for your thoughts


Joe shoved a couple of coins into the payphone and waited. He was drunk, but still, he knew what he was doing was wrong. He had not thought things through and had no idea what to say if his mother or father answered. In Joe's real world, his mother was still alive. She was seventy-two and a strong as an ox. Joe was hopeful that she had another fifteen years or more ahead of her. He had spent many a night longing to hear his father's cheerful and encouraging voice. The death of Daniel Treasure hit Joe hard. Even as a forty-year-old man, the loss of his father hurt like hell. Many people had told him that time is a healer, but as far as Joe was concerned, the passing of time did him no favours. He missed his father more with each passing day.
Finally, he heard the clunk of the handset being picked up at the other end, and he was greeted by the fresh tone of a young lady.
"Hello, Bristol three five nine."
He instantly recognised Mary's voice. She sounded younger and sharper. His voice quivered as he tried to talk.
"Hello, is anyone there?" said Mary.
Joe did not know what to say. He could not introduce himself as her son, who was ten years away from being born. The tears that ran earlier returned with a vengeance. They burned his eyes angrily as if scolding him for making the telephone call. He tried to keep his sobbing at bay, but emotion was getting the better of him. He put his hand over the mouthpiece, but it was not enough to hide his quavering voice from Mary.
"Who is this? Are you hurt?" asked his mother, the concern in her voice was apparent.
And then Joe heard him. The voice was distant, but it was definitely his father. He distinctly heard a male voice ask his mother who was calling. His mother must have lowered the handset because her voice was less clear when she spoke.
"I don't know who it is. I can hear someone crying. It might be a child," said Mary in answer to Daniel Treasure's question.
Then a robust and clear male voice came on the line. Joe recognised his father's heavily tinged Bristolian accent.
"Hello, who is this?"
Joe felt as if he had been hit by a cannonball. He had no words. He wished he had, but nothing prepared him for what was happening. He knew this would be his only opportunity to speak with his father again. He bit his lip and drew in a large breath.
"Dad…, I just wanted to say I love you."
"Sorry, you have the wrong number."
"I haven't," said Joe, after a pause. "Sorry to do this. I just wanted to speak with you again."
"Hello, hello.… who the hell…."
Joe put the phone down; he had cut his father off mid-sentence. He slouched in the chair and wept. It was the only good thing to come out of the strange chain of events that had brought him to the mid-sixties, but at the same time, it was the thing that hurt most. It was worse than missing Jenny and Robert.
He reached for the mug, tipped it upside down over his mouth and drained the last dregs. He was not a big fan of wine, but the bottle of merlot was working its magic. He thought about what he had just done. He was staggered that his drunken plan paid off. He dropped the mug to the ground and rested his head in his hands.
"What the fuck is happening?" he muttered quietly.
"Why is this happening to me?" he said louder.
"Why me God, why did you choose me? I had two chances of death, and each time you rejected me. You wanna know something? I would rather be dead than living in this hell you sent me to."
Now Joe was shouting, and he smashed the mug against the wall. Anger ripped through him; it knotted his stomach and made him feel sick. He peered down the dark corridor, which seemed like a prison. He was a prisoner of the past. A prisoner of a time that existed before he was born. No matter how hard he tried to understand, nothing made sense. He wished Chester's gun had bullets in the chamber, and he wanted one of the bullets to have his name on it. He tried to remember something that Clive had told him. It was something about only having two chances to return from the threshold of Heaven. Clive said that when it happens the third time, there is no coming back.
He rocked back and forth and thought about his two close shaves with death. He remembered seeing his uncle, his grandparents, his best friend John Rollins and even his baby daughter Belle. Then he was struck by a thought. Why wasn't his father there too? Surely, he would have been on the threshold of Heaven to greet his son, even if it were to tell him it was not his time.
"Why the hell wasn't dad there?" he whined. And then he was struck by the 'H' word. 'HELL'.
What if his father had died and not gone to Heaven? What if he were to spend eternal damnation at the pleasure of the Devil? Surely not. Daniel Treasure had never been a church person, but that did not make him a bad man. In Joe's eyes, his father had just been an ordinary person. He had lived an everyday life and bumbled along while keeping out of trouble. Other than being a secret cigarette smoker, he was sure his father had never sinned to the magnitude that meant an eternal existence in Hell.
Joe was overthinking. The phone call he made was the catalyst that started the evening's downward spiral. His thoughts were getting darker, and he needed to find a way out.
"Are you okay?" said a familiar voice.
He looked up and saw Christine. She looked at the remains of the shattered mug strewn across the floor.
"Why are you crying?"
He took a gasp of air before answering.
"Just stuff. It's family stuff. I'm missing them, that's all."
"Well, don't wait here in the shadows on your own. Come back with us. The show will be starting soon and the theatre's almost full to brimming."
Christine offered her hand. She walked him back to the room with the food, which by now was almost all gone.
Other than a couple of unfamiliar faces, the room was empty. Dylan and his band were in their dressing rooms, and the others were waiting in the wings. The unfamiliar faces were there to clear away the dishes and left-over scraps. Joe was hit by a pang of hunger and grabbed a couple of sandwiches and an apple before they ended up in the waste bag. Feinstein walked in.
"The show's starting soon. Are you gonna watch?"
"I'll be there later," replied Joe. His head was not in the right place to watch Dylan perform and Feinstein could tell Joe had no interest in watching the show.
"What you gonna do instead? There's not much else happening here?"
"I dunno. I'll probably just sit and listen from here."
"What about that list?" Feinstein said. "The list you were going to do for me. Remember?"
Joe nodded. Feinstein was referring to the list of albums Dylan was yet to release. He took the piece of notepaper with Joe's mobile number on it and handed it to him.
"Just in case you get inspired," Feinstein said.
Christine watched the two men quizzically.
"What list?" she asked.
"Nothing really," said Feinstein. "Joe was going to write me a list of his all-time favourite albums," he lied.
"That sounds fun and games. But why?"
"It's just something to do. Something to pass the time of day."
"I thought your days were busy enough anyway."
"Days on this tour can be a drag," said Feinstein, wondering why Christine was so curious about the list.

Joe watched Dylan swan past the door and along the corridor as he made his way to the stage. He would not be performing with his usual guitar tonight, not since Joe had clouted Chester with it. Instead, he had a different model, which Joe assumed was a spare.
Joe heard the muffled babble of the audience turn into cheers and clapping.
Dylan kicked the set off with the same song as last night in Cardiff, 'She Belongs to Me'.
Feinstein and Christine left Joe and made their way to the side of the stage. Feinstein had his camera ready, although he had admitted to Joe that he rarely took live shots of Dylan performing.
Joe looked at the notepaper and was stunted by a mental block. He could not recall the titles of Dylan's albums from sixty-six onwards. Instinctively, he tapped the Google app on his phone and searched 'Bob Dylan discography'. He sighed when his phone advised him that it could not connect to the internet. He sighed again and hid the phone away in his pocket. He closed his eyes and tried to recall his Dylan CD collection, which he filed chronologically. The wine affected his thoughts, and he found himself becoming distracted and had to pull himself back to the moment. Then a title jumped out at him. 'Blonde on Blonde'. He tried to recall when it was released. He knew it was sixty-six but was it before or after the world tour? He couldn't remember. He decided to pass on 'Blonde on Blonde' and try to remember what came next. Then it came to him. 'John Wesley Harding'.
'John Wesley Harding' was one of Joe's favourites and one of the first albums he had bought. He thought the standout track was 'All Along the Watchtower'. However, he hated that it had been covered by Hendrix.
Joe pondered while tapping his pen against his teeth. He tried hard to think of a clue for the title of the album, which at some point would undoubtedly prove to Feinstein that Joe had come from two thousand and sixteen. Although, it seemed that Joe had nothing further to prove as Feinstein appeared to believe Joe's implausible scenario. 
The name John Wesley was synonymous with his childhood. It reminded him of a beacon near his home, which represented an eighteenth-century cleric. He was the leader of a revival movement within the Church of England known as Methodism. The beacon commemorated the open-air preaching of John Wesley and George Whitfield. Two of Joe's schools were named after the preachers. He stole his first kiss from Jenny beneath the beacon. This would be an excellent clue to the name of Dylan's eighth studio album, so Joe scribbled on the notepad….
'1967 - The name of an 18th century Methodist preacher'.
Joe was pleased with himself. One album title down, and something like thirty more to go. The size of the task Feinstein had set suddenly dawned on him. There was no way he could remember the names of all Dylan's albums and the year in which they were released. He huffed and told himself he could only do his best. He decided to make things easier for himself by working backwards from Dylan's most recent releases. The last album of Dylan's that Joe had bought was 'Shadows in the Night', which he had purchased the previous year. He smiled to himself as a comical clue jumped out. Joe could have used a hint about the album containing covers of Frank Sinatra songs but decided against it. Instead, he scrawled at the bottom of the notepaper….
'2015 – Hank and his friends after sundown'.
The wine was affecting him and made him giggle. The memory of just speaking to his parents was temporarily pushed to one side. But it would return to haunt him before the day was over.
Dylan finished singing 'She Belongs to Me', and the audience clapped with approval. Dylan thanked the crowd and began the second song of the set. Joe kept his head down and continued with the list. 
Before Dylan had released 'Shadows in the Night', he released 'Tempest' in two thousand and twelve. 'Easy,' thought Joe.
'2012 – Storm'.
He wondered whether the clue was too simple. He did not want Feinstein to show Dylan the list and inspire him with any future album ideas. He dismissed the thought immediately. Joe was enjoying himself; it was like creating a cryptic clued crossword puzzle. Joe had to think hard to remember which album came before 'Tempest'. Then it struck him why it was hard to remember.… because it was one of Joe's least favourite of Dylan's albums.
'Christmas in the Heart' was released in two thousand and nine. It was a collection of hymns and Christmas songs. Despite not liking the album, Joe was happy to hear that Dylan had donated the royalties to various charities. The idea for the next clue came fast, and he thought it was the most cryptic so far…..
'2009 – A charitable thing to do'.
He put down the pen and stared at the notepaper. He was pleased with what he had done so far. However, the wine was making him tired, and he was too drained to think. It had been a long, exhausting day and he needed to rest. He closed his eyes and listened to the rest of Dylan's opening set. Dylan introduced the audience to 'Visions of Johanna', while Joe fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.

Half an hour later, he was rudely awoken by Dylan, his train of band members and others in his close entourage. Joe sat up with a start and took a few seconds to think where on earth he was. Then, finally, he came to his senses and quickly snatched the notepaper and put it in his pocket. Dylan saw that Joe had been sleeping during his first set.
"It was that good, huh?" said Dylan with a smirk.
Joe looked at him, cockeyed.
"My music, it sent you to sleep, eh. I thought you were supposed to like my tunes."
Joe stretched his arms and smiled. It was one of the few times Dylan had spoken to him directly. Joe made excuses and told Dylan he had had a tiring day.
"I guess it must have been the excitement of saving my life," said Dylan with a smile.
Joe nodded. He was still drunk and wished he had not glugged back so much wine as quickly as he did.
"Are you feeling better?" asked Christine.
Joe nodded and thanked her for asking.
"You missed a good set. It went down really well," she said, and was well within Dylan's earshot.
"At least someone liked it," said Dylan.
Christine was alone. Her cousin Mark had not yet arrived. He was usually with her by now, and she wondered where he was. She pulled up a chair and sat next to Joe.
"I could do with some fresh air," said Joe. "Fancy coming outside?" Christine nodded.
They walked down the corridor and saw Clive by the backstage door. It was ajar, and he was peering at the evening sky.
"Are you okay, Clive?" asked Joe.
"Yeah, fine. Just taking a moment. What are you two lovebirds doing?"
Christine blushed, and Joe refused to rise to the bait.
"Just going for a walk. Going out to see some different scenery," said Christine.
"Mind if I tag along?"
"Not at all," she replied.
Joe felt nervous around Clive, especially now he knew Clive too was a time traveller.
The backstage door creaked wearily behind them as they stepped onto the side street. The Princess was there, reflecting the overhead glow of a nearby streetlight. The three of them left the Birmingham Odeon behind as they walked off. Joe breathed in the early evening, late spring air. He was relieved not to be dying in a smog of cigarette smoke, which was what the sixties felt like to him. It felt like one colossal nicotine hued smoke cloud.
Clive seemed jumpy. Something appeared to be bothering him.
"Are you okay, Clive? You seem a little edgy," asked Joe.
"I've not had a smoke since three-thirty," Clive said, checking his watch as if he was working out how many hours he had gone without a cigarette.
Joe rolled his eyes. 'Why is everyone so obsessed with smoking?' he thought to himself.
"Why didn't you say so? You can have one of mine," said Christine, offering him her pack. "I'm sure the others could have spared you a couple."
Clive did not want to ask Dylan or his people for cigarettes. He did not feel on their level. Clive felt like a glorified taxi driver, and the only glory was to sleep in a fancy hotel most nights and dine on the food that Dylan and his musicians ate. He felt out of place with Dylan and his gang. Things seemed totally different when he was working with The Rolling Stones. He felt like he was amongst friends with The Stones.
"Why don't you just buy a pack?" asked Joe.
"That's a bit difficult right now. I told you that Grossman and I had a spat over money. Well, the amount he subbed me would barely buy a couple of pints of beer and a portion of chips. Those two coffees and that sandwich almost ate into everything he gave me," said Clive, referring to the coffee he had bought Joe earlier that day.
"I'll buy you a pack," Joe said, despite hating the habit.
"How the hell did you get money?"
"The less said about that, the better."
Clive smiled and thanked him. Joe felt around his pockets for loose change that had fallen out of the envelope.
"How much do you need?"
"Five shillings should cover it."
Joe pulled out a handful of coins and shuffled through them. He had no idea what they were or their values.
"Let me help you," said Clive, as Joe held his palm out upright with half a dozen or so coins of varying denominations. Clive picked out what he needed and thanked him again. Christine watched quizzically. She wondered why Joe could not count out five shillings and wondered whether he had learning difficulties. Then she recalled Joe telling her that he was an engineer. Surely he would need to know his arithmetic if he was an engineer. So, she decided to come right out with it.
"What's the matter Joe? Can't you count?"
"Of course I can count. I'm still half-drunk after that bottle of wine, and the dim evening light is playing my eyes up something rotten," he lied.
Christine looked around. Granted, the street lights had come on, but it was still early, and the sun had not quite set. She shook her head and thought nothing else of it. Clive spotted a shop that was still open and darted over the road for his smokes.
Joe noticed his reflection in a shop window. It was the first time he had taken a good look at himself since arriving in Dylan's timeframe. He saw how tired he looked. He appeared much older than he did yesterday. His eyes were puffy, and his mouth turned down at the edges. Christine took his hand.
"A penny for your thoughts," she asked.
Joe thought she would certainly get her money's worth if he told her everything that happened over the past two days.
"Nah, no great thoughts. I just saw how knackered I'm looking right now."
Clive scurried back, lighting a cigarette as he crossed the road.
They kept walking and talked very little. Christine sensed an air of awkwardness being around both men. She could not put her finger on what it was, but she felt like she was walking on eggshells.
A group of four men came towards them. They laughed and chatted as they walked. Christine assumed they had been in a pub because one of them was unsteady on his feet.
Then, Joe detected something strange about the man on his right. It was as though the two of them had a connection. Joe began to feel fuzzy. His skin felt as if he wore an itchy jumper and jabs of static electricity poked at his body. They were not painful, but they were annoying. The closer Joe came to the group of men, the more he was jabbed. The four men stood to one side to allow Clive, Christine, and Joe to pass, and as they did, the man on the right gave both Clive and Joe a knowing nod. Clive nodded back. Joe did not understand. When the four men moved away, the static pangs diminished, and soon they were gone.
"We'll talk about that later," whispered Clive, out of Christine's earshot.
Joe was feeling better after taking in the fresh evening air and wanted to return to the Odeon. Also, he was keen to know what Clive wanted to tell him. As they walked and perused shop windows, Joe began to understand what had just happened.
"Do you mind if we go back now? I'm feeling much better."
They turned around and headed back to the Odeon. The same four men they had passed were standing on a street corner. It began to happen again, and Joe felt irritating jabs of static. He did his best to ignore it, but the closer the two groups became, the more intense the pain. This time, it was Joe who acknowledged the stranger first. The acknowledgement was nothing briefer than a nod of the head, which was noted and accepted by the man. The others in his group were oblivious. Joe now fully understood the situation.

A crowd of fifty or so had formed outside the Odeon. They were chatting and smoking and taking in the mild evening while waiting for Dylan to start the show's second half. Clive pushed through the throng with Joe and Christine in his wake. He flashed his backstage pass to the disinterested security man who lamely flagged them all through. Neither Christine nor Joe had an access pass, but the overweight, balding man seemed not to care.
Joe felt more upbeat than earlier and was looking forward to hearing Dylan's electric set. However, he was apprehensive of how it would go down. He was aware that during one of the British shows, someone shouted 'Judas' during the electric set. He wondered whether it was the Birmingham show. He was yet to find out.
The incident with Chester had only happened a few hours earlier, but it seemed an age ago to Joe. In the green room were Feinstein and Grossman. Both seemed genuinely happy to see Joe again. It appeared he had worked his way into the group of Bob Dylan's disciples.
"It seems like you're on the inside now," said Feinstein with a smile. Joe nodded.
Clive and Grossman headed towards the side of the stage while Christine answered nature's call, which left Feinstein and Joe alone.
"How're you getting on with the list?" asked Feinstein.
"I've made a start, but I've a lot more work to do."
"Mind if I take a look?"
Joe happily handed over the notepaper. He watched Feinstein scrutinise Joe's clues.
"You've only come up with four," Feinstein said.
"Yeah, like I said, it's a start."
Feinstein was fascinated. He shuddered when he saw the years that Joe had written down. '1967, 2009, 2012 and 2015'. He could not imagine the future so far ahead. It sounded like something from a comic book or perhaps the work of H.G. Wells. Joe's clues meant nothing to him, which is exactly what Joe wanted. Joe had been concerned that his clue for 'Tempest' was too easy, but Feinstein was in the dark at first glance.
"Hank and his friends after sundown. I reckon that's something to do with Hank Williams," Feinstein said.
"Well, that's for me to know and for you to ponder over for the next fifty years," Joe said with a smile.
"I guess it is."
Joe took back the notepaper and slipped it in his pocket. They were interrupted by Dylan and his band, who made their way from the dressing rooms to the stage. Feinstein followed behind with Joe in tow.
The lights went down. The hum of the crowd quietened, apart from a few whistles and one or two jeers.
Just like last night at Cardiff, Dylan and his band sauntered onto the stage. They were seemingly oblivious to the audience before them. Joe noted how amateurish things seemed compared to the twenty-first century.  It was as if they were taking to the stage before a small audience in a bar.
The set started with 'Tell Me Momma', which immediately went down well. Joe felt a presence beside him and saw Christine who was mesmerised as she watched the show. Joe certainly felt better than earlier. He thought about his circumstance and then came to a decision.
'Fuck it,' he thought, 'I may as well make the most of this.' And for the first time since yesterday, he began to enjoy himself. He took Christine's hand and swayed along to the songs; the same songs he had been listening to since he was a boy. All thoughts of how creepy and weird things were had temporarily been put on hold. It was as if Joe had been swallowed by an illusion, but unlike before, he did not object.
'Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues' was next, followed by 'Leopard skin Pillbox Hat'. Dylan was playing the same set in the same order as he had in Cardiff. Joe looked at the audience but most of them were obliterated by the spotlights which lit the stage. But the faces he could see were filled with excitement and glee. Most were in their late teens, up to their early thirties, with smiles that almost split their faces in two. Tonight was more upbeat than last night. It was a much better performance which was going down well. He thought of his future English teacher, Hywel, and his friend Robin. He wished they were here tonight instead of Cardiff because they would have witnessed a much better show.
By the time 'Just like a Rolling Stone' hailed over the P.A. system, most of the audience were on their feet. Joe was sure he could feel the Odeon creaking as the crowd swayed together in time. The five or so-minute song had well exceeded its vinyl cousin and Dylan and his group seemed to thoroughly enjoy every second of what they were doing. And then it ended. Dylan mumbled a few words which were hard to make out and then left the stage. He pushed past Joe, and Christine almost lost her footing and nearly fell into a pile of musical instrument cases. Christine looked up and saw her cousin Mark. She smiled and was pleased he was there. Then, the lights came up, and the audience began to leave.
In the green room, spirits were high. Beer and more wine flowed, but Joe decided to stick with water. He had had too much to drink and could not face the idea of more alcohol. Then, he felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Mark.
"I hear you were the man of the moment today," he said, referring to the incident with Chester.
Joe shrugged in an 'anyone would have done the same', kind of way. Mark laughed and reminded Joe of what he did not want to hear when he told him that he had quite possibly changed the future of music. Joe was not looking forward to the morning when the headlines would be full of what had happened with Chester.
"Have a drink," said Mark, reaching for the wine. Joe raised his hand and told him he was on the wagon for the rest of the night.
Joe felt a pair of eyes drilling into the back of his head. He looked behind him and saw Clive with a severe expression. Clive signalled for Joe to follow as he walked towards the emptying auditorium. They sat a few rows back from the stage, and Clive lit yet another cigarette. Joe knew what Clive wanted to discuss and started the conversation.
"About that man this evening, the one when we were out walking with Christine," said Joe.
"What about him?"
 "He's one of us, isn't he?"
"In what way?"
"You know what I'm saying."
"Do I?"
An awkward pause followed, and Joe wanted Clive to fill in the gaps. Clive's lips formed a thin, tight smile.
"Like I said earlier, you'd be surprised how many of us there are," Clive said.
"So, he was one of us?"
"I barely picked up a thing. I felt a faint tingle. Sometimes I feel nothing at all, but it seems the two of you picked up on each other in a big way. I think he may have picked up on me too."
Joe took a moment to digest things. His mind was spinning, and he had a hundred questions with no answers. Joe looked at Clive and guessed he knew more than he was letting on.
"When you first found me on the wharf, you knew I was from the future. You said that earlier, didn't you?”
"Yeah, I said that."
"I've never sensed you're from the future, but I sensed the man tonight was. Why is that?"
"Like I just said, sometimes you do, sometimes you don't. You remember the little group I belong to, the one in London I told you about?"
"The group of time travellers?"
"Yeah, we're a mixed bag. We can't all sense each other. There are a few that can sense me, but I can't always sense them. We've talked about it and tried to work it out, but none of us are scientists. We just can't fathom it. And it's not as if we can just call up an expert. There’s just no one we can ask. So, we decided that we have to remain anonymous."
"But why do we have to remain anonymous? Why can't we talk to others about it? There're enough of us. What if we group together?"
"Some of us have. And the ones who did were laughed out of town. They were considered nut jobs. So, we've decided to keep quiet. Perhaps one day, someone will figure things out, but somehow, I don't think it's gonna happen. At least not in our lifetime."
"Why? How can you be so sure?"
"Think about it. You're from twenty-sixteen, I'm from twenty-twenty-two, and there's been no talk about people like us in our memory."
"Perhaps it was kept secret?"
"Perhaps. But keeping things secret has done us no favours. So, we've just got to get on with our lives as best we can."
"What are you gonna do when this is over?" asked Joe.
"When what's over?"
"This tour?"
"I'll go back to London. I've got plenty going on there."
"Can I come with you?"
"That's probably not a good idea. You need to find your own way. Why don't you go back to Bristol? At least it's somewhere you're familiar with."
Joe pondered Clive's suggestion. But the Bristol in sixty-six would be worlds apart from the Bristol he knew. Joe stared at the floor and thought about his home city and where he belonged. Joe thought about his family. He swallowed hard and turned to Clive.
"I spoke to my parents today."
Clive stubbed out his cigarette and frowned.
"You did what?"
"I called them on the phone. I spoke with them."
"You idiot. You should never do that. That's the sort of stupid thing that can have huge implications. Something as simple as that can change everything."
"How?"
"In so many ways. What if your phone call sets off a chain of events that meant you were never born?"
"Well, that couldn't have happened. I'm here, aren't I?"
Clive shook his head at how stupid Joe had been.
"You remember what I told you today?  I told you about our group in London and that a few of us just disappeared. One day they were here, and the next, they'd gone."
Joe nodded.
"So, what if they'd done something stupid which affected the course of their own future? Perhaps they did something which meant their parents never met. Perhaps their lives were just snubbed out. Maybe they were removed from history."
This was something Joe had not considered.
"What did you say to them?" Clive asked.
"Not a lot. I told my dad I loved him. I just needed to hear his voice again. I've not spoken with him in six years."
"But you aren't even born yet."
"That's right."
"Hopefully, your father either thought you were a crank caller or someone who just misdialled. Whichever, let's hope nothing comes of it. Come on, let's go back and join the others."
Chapter 17
You'll go down in history for what you've done


Joe and Clive entered the green room as everyone else was about to leave.
"They're throwing us out," said Grossman. "It's time for them to lock up."
Everyone climbed into their respective vehicles. The Princess was almost as full as the minibus.

Clive drove through the streets of Birmingham and arrived at the Grand Hotel. Joe was surprised to see that the usual crowd of people who flocked around Dylan were not at the hotel's door. However, after the incident with Chester, he was sure there would be people keen to talk with Dylan and get his side of the story.
The twenty strong entourage climbed out of the Princess and the minibus. Some walked with alcohol-induced unsteady feet, some were lively and boisterous, and some, including Dylan and Joe, were more considerate to the clientele of the Grand. Just like last night at the Royal Hotel, Grossman took care of things at the reception desk while everyone else made their way to their rooms.
Joe stuck with Feinstein, and Christine stuck with Joe. Joe knew no one else well enough to hang out with. Clive was parking the Princess.
Tonight, everyone congregated in Rick Danko's room. Drink and food were already waiting for them. Grossman and Clive were the last to enter the room, and both reached for a glass.
Usually, everyone stopped what they were doing whenever Dylan had something to say, and tonight was no exception. He stood up, holding a half-full glass of wine, tapped it with a pen and called for everyone's attention.
"I would just like to say a few words about what happened tonight and show my gratitude to John."
"His name's Joe," whispered Feinstein, but it was a whisper which was not quiet enough for everyone in the room not to hear.
"Yeah, of course.… sorry, I meant Joe. But, first, I would like to show my gratitude to Joe, who bravely and quite possibly saved my life tonight."
Everyone in the room raised their glasses and, in unison, said, 'to Joe'. There was a ripple of applause, which soon died down. Then, Dylan walked over to him.
"I know there were no bullets in that gun, but you, nor anyone else knew that. What you did was heroic."
"Thank you. I'm sure that if I hadn't done something, then someone else would have."
"Maybe, but I guess we'll never know. Perhaps I should write a song about it?"
The idea of being the subject of one of Dylan's songs made Joe's heart race, but almost immediately, he realised it was not a good idea.
"Sorry Bob, but I would be grateful if you didn't."
"Why ever not?"
"I just don't want you to."
"Okay, suit yourself. Anyway, I was going to speak with you tonight. I was going to ask you to leave the tour, but I've changed my mind after what happened. I can't quite fathom you out, but Barry seems quite fascinated with you. I've never seen him like this with anyone before, and I've known Barry Feinstein for several years."
Joe thanked him.
"You can stay with us until the Newcastle gig. Then, after that, we're off to France for one show. I think it would cause a lot of bother for you to travel with us to Paris, you know passports and all that kind of thing, but you’re welcome to join back up with me for the last show in London. But for now, please have something to eat and drink and enjoy yourself. Oh, and by the way, I have asked my manager, Albert, to book you a room, so you don't have to share with Barry."
And then Dylan wandered off and spoke with the others. It was the most he had said to Joe, and it would be the most he would say to him during the rest of the tour.
Christine wandered over with her cousin Mark.
"Wow, how amazing. Bob thanked you for saving his life. You'll go down in history for what you've done."
Mark shook his hand and told him what he did was incredible.
Joe was hungry. The effect of the wine he had drunk earlier had worn off, and he now had a thirst for a beer. With the others, Joe tucked into a pile of sandwiches and quickly washed it down with lager. The atmosphere was upbeat, and Joe felt like he now belonged.
Dylan picked up his 'Nick Lucas Special' with its newly dented body and strummed. It was wildly out of tune, but other than that, it sounded fine. Dylan tuned it and played some ideas he had for new material. Joe listened and recognised bits and pieces that would become songs from 'Nashville Skyline' and was sure he heard what would become 'To Be Alone with You'. He shuddered at the thought. He ate and drank more, and began to relax. Christine sensed Joe was happier and planted a wine-fuelled kiss on the side of his face.
"You really are a mystery, aren't you? I know so little about you. You never open up."
"There isn't very much to say. I'm from Bristol. I have a family, and I am lucky to know Barry Feinstein well enough to gate crash the tour. So that's about as interesting as it gets."
"I don't think so. There's much more to you than that. The lines on your palms give you away. I've never seen two lifelines before."
Christine gazed drunkenly into his eyes, and Joe's relatively tranquil state was short-lived. He became as edgy as before, and Christine sensed it. She knew she had touched a sore spot, so she backed off and changed the subject.
"It was a good show tonight."
Joe nodded and took another swig of beer. Dylan continued to twang away in the background, and his friends sang along. He was playing a bluesy number which Joe did not recognise, but the others, including Christine's cousin, Mark, clearly did.
"I'm looking forward to Liverpool tomorrow," Christine said. "We might bump into a Beatle or two," she added.
"I'm glad I'm not in this business," said Joe.
Christine looked at him quizzically.
"There seems to be an awful lot of hanging around. A lot of time spent doing nothing."
"I don't know, I think it's great. I'd love to do it. It's much better than working for Birmingham Council."
Mark walked over, and the three of them listened to Dylan singing. Joe took a moment to take everything in. Here he was, in a hotel room with his hero Bob Dylan. He was in a privileged position that very few of Dylan's fans would ever have the chance of. Like the show earlier, Joe tried to make the most of his circumstances. He had no idea of how his life would unfold. Would he ever return to his own proper place in time, or would he continue to grow old from sixty-six onwards? Would his mother still give birth to him ten years from now? If so, would there be two Joseph Treasures walking the earth? Joe did the sums and worked out he would be fifty when his mother gives birth to the baby version of him. His head was spinning, and it was not because of the alcohol. He reached for another lager.
Feinstein was taking pictures, and Joe saw he was in his element. He seemed to be at one with his camera. He mostly took pictures of Dylan, but he also snapped others. He took half a dozen shots of Rick Danko talking with Robbie Robertson. Then he pointed the camera at Joe, Christine, and Mark.
"Smile," said Christine.
Joe looked up and saw Feinstein's camera lens.
"No," Joe said, bounding off the chair and leaping out of Feinstein's frame.
Feinstein captured a blur as Joe jumped out of view.
"Someone's camera shy," said Christine with a smile.
"Sorry, I just don't like having my picture taken."
Feinstein realised his mistake. He knew Joe did not want to end up in any historical pictures, so he looked at Joe and mouthed he was sorry.
Joe needed the bathroom. He locked the door and sat alone. He pulled out his phone and saw the battery was still at sixty per cent. He scrolled through the pictures and videos of Jenny and Robert. Even though they were just images, they seemed more real than the world he was in right now. He found a video clip of Jenny and Robert laughing. Joe could not remember what had made them laugh, but the mother and son were in hysterics. It had been on Robert's tenth birthday. Joe turned the volume up and smiled to see his wife and son so happy. He was interrupted by a knock on the bathroom door.
"Whoever's in there, hurry up."
Joe recognised the voice; it was Mickey Jones'. Joe jumped up, put the phone away, pulled up his trousers and washed his hands. He opened the door and saw Mickey.
"Who's in there with you?"
"I'm on my own."
"I heard laughing."
"It was me. I've had a few too many. Something tickled my fancy," lied Joe.
"Tickled your what?"
"It doesn't matter. The bathroom's all yours."
'That was close,' thought Joe. He sat next to Mark.
"How do you know Bob?" Joe asked.
"We hung together when Bob first came to New York, so I've known him for about three years."
"That's cool. You've watched Bob become successful then."
"I guess I have. And you know what? Nothing seems to faze him. He's the same person he was when he used to crash at my place."
Joe nodded.
"I'm trying to figure out how you fit in," said Mark. "I know Barry's taken a shine to you. Barry's normally a private person who takes an age to accept people. I know Barry well. I've known him for as long as I've known Bob. So, there must be something about you that stands out. I'm trying to wrap my head around what it is. Would you mind helping me out here?"
"What can I say? We just hit it off. I met him at the ferry crossing yesterday, and we got talking."
"About what?"
"This and that, photography, music…. all sorts."
"Have you got something on him?"
"I don't understand."
"I'm not quite sure what I mean either, but for him to allow you into the fold and for Bob to accept you too, there must be something. Like I said, I've known them for years, and I've never seen this happen."
Joe shrugged and said nothing more. Mark changed the subject.
"Be careful with Christine. Don't hurt her."
"We're friends, that's all."
"She thinks differently. She really likes you. Just be careful."
Joe nodded; He felt drunk but wanted more. He picked up another lager and walked away while Clive watched him from the other side of the room. An unlit cigarette hung from Clive’s mouth. Joe looked down at the carpet and then back in Clive's direction. Clive was still staring. Joe found Clive to be a difficult man to work out. He seemed fine most of the time, and Joe felt at ease with him, then at other times like now, he put the fear of God into him. Joe had a strange feeling about the man, as if something about him would affect his destiny. Perhaps it was because they shared the same secret. Joe looked again and saw Clive talking to someone. He let out a sigh, then took another big swig of beer.
Joe strolled across the room and pulled back the curtain. It was eleven-thirty, dark, and Joe looked down and saw a few cars driving by. It was much quieter than he was used to. In two-thousand and sixteen the roads were busy, especially in the centre of a big city and even at the late hour it was. He closed the curtain and turned back to the room. He saw several people had left, and Dylan had put his guitar down. The music for the evening had finished and Joe was surprised at how early people were turning in for the night. He expected musicians and their friends to stay up until the small hours. Then, Joe wondered which room was his. Albert Grossman was leaning against a wall, and Joe asked him if he had the key to his room. Grossman handed him a key that had the room number on the fob. Joe was not quite ready for bed, but knew he would soon find himself nodding, and his eyes would become slits. Christine sat on her own. She looked more tired than he felt.
"You looked knackered," Joe said, feeling unsteady on his feet.
"Knackered?"
"Yeah, you know. Tired. You look tired. How are you getting home?"
"I've no idea."
"Won't Mark get you home safely?"
"He's gone already."
"Do you live far away?"
"Four Oaks, it's about seven miles. I guess I'll be staying here for the night. Can I crash in your room? I'll sleep on a chair if you like."
Joe pondered her request. The idea of a woman other than Jenny being so close to him made him feel awkward. But he could not let her walk home or get a taxi alone. He thought about asking Clive to drive her but remembered he had been drinking too.
"Okay, but make sure you stay on the chair."
"Thanks, you're a gem. But surely, if you were a real gentleman, you would offer me the bed, and you would take the chair."
"Don't push your luck."
Christine grabbed a few remaining bottles of beer and followed Joe to his room.

Joe grappled with the lock, the door swung open and Christine flipped the lights. The room was much smaller than Rick Danko's, but Joe was relieved that it had a couch and not just chairs. If Joe did give in to chivalry, then at least he had somewhere comfortable to sleep while Christine slept in the bed. Joe was tired and slumped on the couch. Christine took the lids off the beers and handed him one. He did not know whether he could face any more alcohol but took the bottle anyway. She sat beside him and snuggled up. He was too exhausted to ask her to move. Jenny was on his mind, but in his tired state, he let thoughts of his wife slip away somewhere else. Christine's perfume smelt nice. She ran her fingers through his hair and kissed his lips.
****
Joe opened his eyes slowly and took a few seconds to remember where he was. He stared up at the ceiling and began to recall last night. He turned to face the couch and expected to see Christine, but she was not there. He rolled over and gasped when he saw her next to him. Christine slept and lightly snored. She faced away from him and was partially covered by the bedsheet. He could see enough of her exposed back to know she was naked. He pulled back the bedsheets and saw he was naked too.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck… what have I done?"
He struggled to remember what happened. He pulled on his trousers and sat on the couch. He could not remember a thing after drunkenly falling into the room last night. He had far too much beer, and now his head hurt like a bitch. He had no idea what time it was. He noticed Christine's watch on the floor and saw it was only eight-thirty. He was so bitterly angry and disappointed with himself. He had cheated on Jenny, and things would never be the same. They had had their ups and downs over the years, but neither of them had gone behind each other's backs, and now he had messed things up. He felt dirty and needed to wash the sweat and sex off his body.  
Joe went to the bathroom and showered. The thought of what he had done made him feel sick. The shower washed over him, and he tried to recall what happened. The last thing he could remember was Christine kissing him. He beat himself up mentally and wondered why he did not stop her.
He returned from the shower and thought how innocent she looked. The sheets rose and fell as she breathed. She was a pretty girl, and if things had been different and if he was a single man, then they may have had a future together. Then, he considered that she was way out of his league and did not understand why she was so attracted to him. He was a number of years older than her, and considered himself past his prime. He wondered if it was his connection to Dylan which appealed to her.
Grossman had told him to meet in the hotel's breakfast room at nine-thirty at the latest. He glanced at her watch again. It was eight forty-five. He wondered whether he should just leave her to sleep while he met the others for breakfast. Perhaps she would still be asleep when he returned. If so, he could just shuffle off and leave her to her own devices. His thoughts were interrupted when Christine began to stir.
She stretched and rolled over. Her bedsheet fell off, and Christine lay naked. Joe looked the other way, but her breathing told him she was still sleeping. He covered her with the sheet and decided to wake her up. They needed to talk.
Joe gently tapped her shoulder. She rolled over again, and this time the bedsheet stayed on. He tapped again and called her name. Slowly, she began to wake up.
Christine gave him a sweet smile and yawned. She did not seem fazed to wake up in the room with Joe. Her clothes were in a neat pile on a chair. Joe found her a large bath towel so she could cover herself up.
"You're a gentleman," she said softly before taking the towel.
Joe turned the other way again. Christine picked up her clothes and walked to the bathroom. He heard the washbasin filling, and while she took care of ablutions, he considered what to say.
Ten arduous minutes later, she stepped out of the bathroom. It had been ten minutes of Joe mentally beating himself up. Christine spoke first.
"Hello, handsome."
"I thought you were sleeping on the couch. I didn't want us to share the bed," said Joe grumpily.
"You didn't seem to mind when I crept in beside you."
"I can't remember what happened. I was too drunk."
"Don't I know it."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"You were all over the place, a right old mess."
Joe paused…. "So, we didn't do anything?"
"If you're talking about sex, then neither of us were capable."
Joe sat on the end of the bed with his head in his hands. It was what he wanted to hear, but it did not take away from the fact that he had slept with another woman. Joe despised infidelity, and now he had inadvertently cheated on Jenny. Whether he would see his wife face to face again made no difference. He may not have been the best father and husband, but he was a man of morals.
Christine sat beside him and put her arm on his shoulder. He pushed her away.
"Nothing happened, I promise you. Not even a kiss, well perhaps a little kiss, but nothing more."
"None of that matters. All I know is I feel like a piece of shit."
"I don't get you Joe, I really don't. Here you are, hanging around with Bob Dylan. Drinking and probably taking drugs while your wife and son are at home. You've not even called them to see how they are, and here you are worrying that we spent the night in the same bed."
"I don't do drugs."
"But you haven't even called her."
"Because I can't reach her by phone."
Joe was not lying. Not everyone in the mid-sixties had the luxury of owning a telephone. Although his reasons for not contacting her by phone were not quite the same as Christine understood.
"When are you going home? Are you staying with Bob for the whole tour? It seems you could if you wanted. He's paid for your room by the looks of things."
Joe was on the verge of telling Christine what only Clive and Feinstein knew. She was right. Why on earth would a man so seemingly devoted to his family be spending so much time away? If he told her the truth, he could run the risk of ridicule and possibly lose one of the few friends he had. Joe had evidence to back up his wild claim to being an involuntarily time traveller. The evidence that convinced Feinstein would probably convince Christine too, but he could not face telling her how he really found himself on the tail end of Dylan’s world tour.
But his mind teetered between telling her the truth or keeping up the lie. Joe perched on the edge of the bed and stared into the middle distance while making his mind up. Then, finally, he decided to tell her the truth.
"Christine, what I am about to tell you may seem…, well, it definitely will seem outlandish. But I assure you that…," Joe was rudely interrupted by the hotel telephone.
He sighed and reached for it, almost knocking the thing off the bedside table.
"Joe? It's Barry. If you want breakfast, you better get yourself down here fast. They're closing the dining room soon. They've almost finished serving."
Joe's stomach churned too much to think of food, but he knew he needed to eat. He had no idea what the new day had in store for him, but he knew that marching on an empty stomach would do him no favours.
"Who’s that?" asked Christine.
"Barry Feinstein. If we don't go down for breakfast now, we're going to miss out."
"Okay, perhaps you can tell me your outlandish story over breakfast."
Joe did not answer. He left the hotel room with Christine trailing behind.

The morning's newspapers adorned the breakfast tables. Joe entered the dining area, saw the papers, and remembered last night's incident with Chester. His heart dropped further when he visualised the headlines.
'Bob Dylan almost killed in cold blood', or 'Dylan saved from death by fan', or 'Dylan saved from death by a fan who says he is a time traveller'.
Joe grabbed three newspapers. The Birmingham Daily Post, the Daily Telegraph, and the Daily Sketch. He was worried sick that what happened last night would change the course of the future. If only Joe had not let the madman Chester into the Odeon, then none of it would have happened. Luckily, Chester did not kill Dylan, but the fact that he had tried was about to go down in history courtesy of the British, and quite possibly, the worldwide press.
Joe spotted Feinstein eating alone. He contemplated sneaking behind him, so Feinstein would not see him but decided to share his table. Christine lagged, taking her time to catch up with him. Joe pulled up a chair and sat opposite him. Feinstein had almost finished eating when the waitress turned up. She asked Christine and Joe what they wanted, both asked for the same, plain choice. Toast. Joe swallowed hard and checked the headlines. There was nothing. Not a single word. The three papers ran headlines that had something to do with British Prime Minister Harold Wilson and US president Lyndon B. Johnson. Still, Joe was not interested in finding out what it was. He shuffled through the pages, making a racket as he did. Feinstein knew what was on Joe's mind.
"You're lucky. Not a word about yesterday was printed. I've already checked, so has Albert."
Joe's shoulders dropped like a huge weight had been lifted, but not enough weight to take away all his worries.
"How are you lovebirds this morning?" asked Feinstein. Joe did not answer. He scowled, and Feinstein giggled.
"That good, eh?"
"You don't want to know," said Joe, eventually.
"You make a perfect couple."
"Please, Barry, not now."
Feinstein took the hint as the waitress arrived with coffee and toast.
"Eat quickly, we're leaving soon." said Feinstein, as he stood up and left them alone.

Joe did not want the conversation with Christine to carry on from where it had left off. He presumed she was keen to know about what he had to say. So, he decided to get in first and head her off at the pass.
"So, what are your plans for the day?" he asked.
"Hopefully off to Liverpool later. But I need to head home first, get changed, take care of a few things and then catch the train in time for Bob's show tonight."
"With Mark?"
"Hopefully, if I can track him down. He's never where he says he will be."
"Where did he stay last night? I don't suppose he stayed here."
"Heaven only knows. He probably wooed some unsuspecting lady with his New York accent and ended up in the sack with her."
What she said brought back the thought of her sharing the bed with him. Joe tried to change the subject.
"Liverpool, what a hotbed of talent, eh?"
It was clear to Christine that Joe did not want to talk about his earth-shattering revelation. The atmosphere was awkward. But she was desperate to know what he had to say.
"Come on, don't keep me waiting any longer. You're no good at small talk, so just get on with the outlandish tail you had lined up for me."
Joe took a swig of coffee, a bite of toast and slowly chewed while pondering.
"Okay, you asked for it, so here it is. I'm a time traveller. I'm from two thousand and sixteen. What do you think about that?"
Christine held her coffee cup and stared him in the eye.
"Say again?"
"I'm a time traveller. My wife and son are in Bristol, but fifty years from now."
"Really!"
"Yes, really."
Christine's expression turned to one of annoyance.
"And just how do you travel through time?"
"I had a fight with my wife and she struck me; I almost died. When I came around, I was with Dylan and Feinstein at the wharf where the ferry crosses to Wales. Barry took me under his wing, and here I am."
"And here you are," she snapped. "If you're going to lie, at least come up with something believable."
Joe shrugged in a 'suit yourself' way and ate more toast. He had not planned to tell her the whole truth; it just fell out. But now, Joe was pleased he had. He knew she considered him a liar, but he could not think of a plausible excuse for not being with his family.
"Whatever reasons you have for not being with your family are your own. I am clearly overstepping the mark. Who knows, perhaps you've murdered them?"
Joe did not answer.
 "I thought we were friends. We’ve only known each other for a little over a day, but even so, I would like you to be truthful," she said.
Christine pushed her chair back and stood up. Her jerky movements told Joe she was not happy. She left half a slice of uneaten toast and her coffee and stormed off.
On the one hand, Joe felt terrible, but he was happy to see her go. On the other hand, he wondered if he would see her later at Liverpool. Sleeping with her had spoilt things. They were no longer just friends. The situation was now different. He sighed and thought, 'what will be will be.'
From the dining room, he could hear the dull chatter of American voices. Then, finally, it was time to go.
Chapter 18
That's what you get for saving Bob's life


Dylan fought through the crowd of fans, which was so large that it more than made up for the lack of those waiting for him the night before. Joe gave up trying to count them from the back of the Princess when he got to thirty-five. To start with, Dylan was cool with the attention, but after ten minutes, it had become too much. With politeness and a professional manner, Albert Grossman freed Dylan from his followers and bundled him into the back of the Princess. When he was in the car, and Clive was carefully pulling away, the fans pushed up against the window. Joe watched Feinstein take pictures of Dylan looking nonchalant wearing his shades. Joe was sure one of the shots Feinstein had just taken would eventually appear on the cover of his two-thousand and eight book 'Real Moments'. It was one of Joe's favourites photographs. That morning Dylan wore the same striped trousers, dark top and drew heavily on a cigarette just as he did in the photograph which Joe was thinking of. And, of course, he also wore shades. For Joe, it was a surreal situation and one which dragged him further down. He wondered how it would all end.
Clive directed the Princess to Liverpool, and the atmosphere in the car was calm. Few words were spoken, and Joe noticed how tired everyone seemed, including him. During the journey, Joe did an awful lot of thinking. He concluded that he was at one of the lowest points in his life. However, two points trumped being far away from his world, which were the death of Belle and the death of his father.
Joe was a man who functioned best when he was in control, and he had found himself in a situation over which he had none. He could not just walk away, so he had to stay with the people he had been thrown together with. Joe wondered how different things would be if he had travelled back in time and ended up with regular, everyday people. That would have been better. At least he would have been with those on a par with him. But being on Dylan's merry-go-round of fame was a hard thing to deal with. It was a situation where he had no control whatsoever. Whatever Dylan and Grossman said had to be adhered to. It was as plain and simple as that.
The countryside zipped past, and Clive announced they were running low on fuel. A Gainsborough petrol station came into view, and Clive parked up. Joe ogled the signs which adorned the garage forecourt. One advertised '2 stroke mixture which cost 5/4 per gallon'. Another said, 'Premium 98 Octane 4/11'. You could buy paraffin for 2/- per gallon. Joe wondered what on earth it all meant. He did not understand the prices or what was for sale. In his world, there were two fuels available which were unleaded petrol and diesel. He sighed and sunk in his chair while Clive took care of the fuel.
The petrol attendant recognised Dylan and politely asked for his autograph. Dylan happily signed his name and spoke for a few minutes. Joe watched and thought Dylan seemed to be a man with two characters when it came to his fans. On the one hand, he could be the most gracious of men who gave his time freely, but like the flip of a coin, he could be rude and disinterested. Joe felt on edge and awkward when Dylan was in his disinterested mood. He felt sorry for the fans who only wanted a brief word with their idol. He saw facial expressions drop from happiness and excitement to gloom in a heartbeat, depending on Dylan's mood. Dylan's temperament would change from one minute to the next.
Joe really needed a break from the Bob Dylan circus. The thought of the upcoming Liverpool performance did not appeal to him. He would kill for a few hours on his own. In the short time he had joined up with Dylan, Feinstein, and the rest of them, he had become bored of the same old, same old routine. He had told Christine that the life of a touring musician was not for him, and he had meant it. They passed a sign welcoming them to Liverpool.

Christine had taken a bus from the hotel to her home in Four Oaks. She lived in an affluent residential area. Her house was set back from the road, and the garden was boarded by high hedges. Her father was a lawyer, and her mother was a doctor. Christine disliked her job, and for whom she worked, but she worked because she had to. Her parents had ceased being cash cows in sixty-three. They did it for her own good.
Christine lay on her bed and thought of Joe. She was falling in love. Despite being a rather strange character who was many years older than her, something about him pulled her in. Initially, the stupid comment about being a time traveller had upset her. It was something a schoolboy would have said, not a man in his forties. But as the day wore on, his words fell to the back of her mind. The reasons why she was attracted to him had bullied themselves to the forefront of her thoughts.
The air of mystery surrounding him was what partially attracted her. Some people fall for bad guys, some people fall for sweet and reliable guys. Christine fell for men who danced to a time signature which was a part waltz and part rumba. He looked different, spoke different and seemed a hundred years out of place. She wondered what the deal was with his family. Perhaps he made them up to put her off the scent. Maybe he preferred men, and the wife and kid thing was a smokescreen. That would explain his reluctance to sleep with her. Even if she said it herself, she was an attractive girl who was only single because the boys she dated proved themselves to be idiots. That was what made Joe stand out. He was cleverer than the rest, and the fact that, by some inexplicable reason, he was part of the Bob Dylan collective made him even more alluring.
She thought about the palm of his hand with its two lifelines. They intrigued her too. She firmly believed in chiromancy, and although she was no expert, she had not come across anything like it before. It almost gave credence to his stupid time-travelling tale. 
The phone in the hallway rang, and she sat up. Its shrill tone pushed Joe to the back of her mind as she ran downstairs to answer it. It was her cousin, Mark.
"Hi Mark, where are you?"
"Still in Birmingham."
"Where did you go last night?"
"I hooked up with a friend; I stayed at her pad. Are you still planning on going to Liverpool?"
"Yeah, I just need to sort a few things out, but I'm planning on taking the train."
"Me too, perhaps we can get the same one. How about you? What time did you get back last night?"
"Actually, I didn't. I got home about an hour ago. I stayed at the hotel."
"Dylan's hotel?"
"Yeah, I stayed with Joe."
"I don't get that guy, and I don't get Bob either."
"I know you don’t."
"But can you blame me? Bob and me, we've been friends for over three years. I fly across the pond to join him on the world tour, and I don't even get a hotel room. But your new friend turns up unannounced, and straight away, he's one of the gang. Two nights in, and he even gets his own hotel room."
"Well, I guess that's what you get for saving Bob's life."
"It's not just that; it's about how he's got on the inside so quickly. It's like he's got something on Bob, something that's scaring him."
"I know, but I think you're overthinking things. Anyway, the friendship is between Joe and Feinstein and not Dylan."
"It's the same difference, isn't it? How has Joe become so friendly with Barry? I know they met for the first time after the Bristol show, and by all accounts, Joe didn't even go to that gig, even though he lives there. I've asked Barry about him, but he's not letting on. So, I'm telling you, Christine. Something's not right. I know you like him, and I understand that, but I'm just sayin', it just doesn't add up."
"Okay, Mark. I've gotta go now. Like I said, I've a few things I need to sort out. Why don't you check out the train times and call me later? We'll meet at the station and chat about things on the train."
Christine went back to her room and thought about things. Mark was right, and she really wanted to get to the bottom of Joe's story. Perhaps she could ask Feinstein outright, but she did not know the man well enough to speak with him. Besides, if he did not let on to Mark, then there was no way he would tell her any of his secrets. The strange situation made the allure of Joe greater. She looked forward to meeting him more than Dylan.

Christine had been a fan of Dylan since Mark introduced her to his music. Before the tour, she had met Dylan a couple of times when she visited New York with her family to meet with Mark and his mother.
Mark's mother, Anne, and Christine's mother, Nesta, were twin sisters. Anne met and fell in love with an American who was serving in England in nineteen forty-two. Mark was born the following year, the same year in which Christine was born. After the war, Anne left England for America with Mark to be with Edward, Mark's father. Anne and Edward married the following year and remained together until Edward died in sixty-one. Anne had considered returning to England with Mark after Edward died but decided against it. By then, Mark was a young man with plenty of friends, and Anne had made New York her home. Every few years, Nesta would visit Anne, or Anne would see Nesta in England. Despite the distance between them, they remained close. Nineteen sixty-six was the first time Mark had come to England without his mother. This time he was with a different kind of family. He was with the extended family of Bob Dylan.
Regardless of being the same age, Christine looked up to Mark. He was like an older, distant brother who had done far more than she had in her short life. Although, in fairness, their lives were quite similar, other than Christine being from a wealthier background. Mark worked in various bars and the New York Public Library. He had a healthy love of music, art, and film, as did Christine.
Christine pulled a record from her collection without looking at what she had chosen. The needle landed on the vinyl, and side two of 'If You Can Believe Your Eyes and Ears’, by the Mammas and the Papas came to life. 'California Dreamin' broke the silence of her bedroom. She loved Dylan's music but had heard a lot of it over the past few days, and it felt good listening to something different.
She told Mark she had things to sort out, which was true; she had a busy day ahead before going to Liverpool. Still, right now, she was too tired to do anything else than laze on her bed, listen to music, and think about Joe. The music played, and Christine closed her eyes and slept.
Two and a half hours later, she was awoken by the phone. She was sure her parents owned the loudest telephone in the Midlands. At first, she did not know where she was. Her mind was in a muddle, but after a few seconds, she came around. She dashed down the stairs to get to the phone before it rang off. It was Mark.
"There's a train leaving just after five. It'll get us to Liverpool by six-thirty," said Mark.
"What time is it now?" asked Christine, in a sleepy voice. She glanced at the grandfather clock in the hallway. It told her she'd been in bed far too long.
"Uh, it's three fifty-five. Can you get there on time?"
"Shit, shit, shit," said Christine. "I'll be there. I gotta go. See you later."
Christine's plans for the day had turned upside down and she cursed herself for sleeping. Now she had barely enough time to get herself ready to be at New Street Station on time for the five-past-five to Liverpool. She made a sandwich, found some fresh clothes, took a shower, and telephoned for a taxi.
Chapter 19
I can't bear to listen to another note of his music


Joe wondered why nearly every auditorium Dylan played was called The Odeon. Last night it was Birmingham Odeon, tonight was the Liverpool Odeon, and he knew even without looking at the tour itinerary that there were at least two more Odeons for Dylan to play. He knew because he had hindsight.
Today was another day, just like the last couple, and by now, he was unsure which day of the week it was. He thought it was Friday but was not certain. He sat in the green room of the Liverpool Odeon while Dylan and the others went through another soundcheck. Joe found that each day spent on the tour lost whatever lustre there may have been at the beginning. Any glow which was there at the start now shone dimly. Today Joe felt worse than ever. Homesickness bit hard, and repetition had dug its heels in. He needed to get away, again, and be on his own.
Feinstein waltzed in with a couple of strangers. They looked like musician types and had Liverpool accents. Joe closed his eyes and thought by the way they sounded that they could have been any two members of The Beatles. Feinstein noticed how dispirited Joe looked.
"You should have been out with me this afternoon," said Feinstein, "What did you do?"
"Not a lot. I just hung around on my own."
"I wish you were with Bob and me earlier. We had fun."
"Really?"
"Yeah, I got some great pictures. Bob was goofing around with a bunch of kids. They didn't have a clue who he was. I've not seen him enjoy himself as much in ages."
Joe merely nodded. It was clear to Feinstein his mind was elsewhere.
"Are you okay?"
Joe did not answer. Instead, he rolled his lips in a 'no, not really' kind of way.
"Wanna talk?"
"What's there to say?"
Feinstein politely asked the two Liverpudlians to leave him alone with Joe.
"I can't begin to understand how things must be for you, but…."
"No, I don't suppose you do. I don't suppose you've ever been yanked away from your family and thrown into a place so dark and strange that you really don't have a clue what is happening around you."
Feinstein said nothing. It was hard to know what to say.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I know you're trying to be helpful, and I appreciate everything you've done for me," said Joe.
Feinstein put his hand on Joe's shoulder and felt how tense his muscles were. He was rigid with stress.
"I've been thinking and it's a thought that keeps plaguing me," said Joe. "I've been wondering what must be going on at home."
"In what way?"
"In every way. What did Jenny see? After she hit me and I collapsed on the wharf, did I die? Did she kill me? Did I die in front of her, or did she see something else? Did I vanish and appear with you guys?"
Feinstein said nothing. He let Joe fill in the silent pause.
"Is Jenny in prison? If she killed me, the police must have been involved. But, if so, what the hell's happening with Robert? Who's looking after him? He's only ten, for Christ's sake. And if she didn't kill me, and I've just disappeared, then what are they going through? And, what the hell must my mother be going through too? She's lost dad, and now she's lost me. It's the not knowing that's getting to me."
"I wish I knew what to say, Joe," Feinstein said, shaking his head slowly.
The two sat in silence, which was punctuated by sounds coming from the direction of the stage.
"I don't think I can do this anymore," said Joe eventually. "I won't be hanging around for the show tonight. I can't bear to go through the whole thing again. I used to love Dylan's music and I considered myself his greatest fan. I'm sure I probably wasn't, but in my mind, I was. But now, I can't bear to listen to another note of his music."
"I'll tell you what. Why don't I speak with Albert? I'll ask him to call the hotel and get your room booked? Then, you can head over there and be on your own. I'm sure Clive will drive you."
"Thanks, but no thanks. I have to leave, and it may as well be now. The tour will be over in ten days and what am I going to do then? I can't hang around with you forever."
"But what will you do?"
"I don't know. I'll figure something out."
"What about money. How're you gonna eat? Where will you stay?"
"Like I said, I'll figure something out."
Feinstein knew Joe was right. He couldn't hang around with Dylan forever, so he needed to figure things out. But Feinstein worried terribly about Joe. He felt he was partially his responsibility, despite Joe being older than him. He let out a sigh and reached for his wallet.
"Here, take this," Feinstein said, offering Joe money.
"No, but thank you anyway. Like I said, I need to figure things out for myself."
"Okay, it’s your choice. But if you're gonna do this, then get rid of anything which tells your story. Get rid of your I.D. and get rid of that phone."
"I can't throw away the phone. It's my only connection to where I'm from. It has my memories on it."
Joe pulled the phone from his pocket. The battery was down to thirty-five per cent. In a few days the thing would be out of power. But he knew Feinstein was right. How the hell would he explain who he was and where he was from? Joe decided to hang onto the phone until it was dead. That would be when he would dump it.
"I have to go now," Joe said, getting up from the chair.
Feinstein watched him slowly walk away.
"Joe, please don't forget the list. Mail it to me when you're done. Keep in touch."
Joe did not answer.

Joe wandered the streets of Liverpool. It was late afternoon and a mild day, but clouds were beginning to roll in. Joe sensed rain was on the way, and he did not have a jacket. All he had to his name was a phone which was useless to him, a wallet in which was an invalid driving licence and an envelope of cash. He really had to figure things out. The first thing he needed was a job and one that paid in cash. Then, he wondered what kind of work he could do? He could probably find work as a labourer, but he knew he would be awful. He was an electrical engineer, not a manual worker. He did not even understand how money worked. It was all so different, but he had to learn fast.
The people of Liverpool seemed a friendly bunch. Perhaps he could settle down there. He thought about Clive putting a large wager on England winning the world cup. Joe wondered whether he should do the same and make a quick buck. A woman walked by and gave a knowing look, but Joe avoided eye contact. He assumed she was also a time traveller and sensed he was too. Joe didn't pick up any sensations like he did yesterday. He turned his head and saw she was looking back at him. He kept on walking.
Joe passed several bars but did not go in. He had been drinking too much and wanted to keep his head clear. Besides, the money in the envelope would not last forever. So, he needed to be sensible. He also needed somewhere to stay. He considered Feinstein's offer of getting his head down early in a room at Dylan's hotel, but he immediately dismissed the thought. He needed to stand on his own two feet and had to start now. He bought a copy of the Liverpool Echo and headed towards the Mersey.
It was the first time Joe had been to Liverpool, although he had seen plenty of the city on television and in photographs. He looked up at the iconic Liver Building with its two birds perched on the towers with their wings open. Joe could smell the river that was overlooked by the building. A breeze blew through, and Joe wished he wore something warmer. He found a bench, sat alone, and thumbed through the newspaper. There was an article about Dylan. It mentioned what Feinstein had told him earlier when he said about taking photographs of Dylan goofing around with local kids. Joe knew the pictures well. Like the Aust Wharf picture, he knew they became famous and would be used in future exhibitions of Feinstein's work. Joe saw no mention in the newspaper about Chester's half-hearted attempt on Dylan's life. He was relieved, but he was worried that something would hit the news a day or so later. Then it occurred to him; it was the second time he had possibly come to Dylan's rescue. He thought about the two doped up fans in Cardiff who had intentions of kidnapping Dylan. Despite the positives of protecting Dylan, he had quite possibly changed the future’s course, and Clive had made it very clear that such a thing was not good. Clive had warned him not to contact his parents again too.
Joe needed to come up with a plan for the short-term. The bigger picture would have to wait. He rolled up the newspaper and went for a walk. The clouds he saw earlier had rolled in, the sky was dark, and rain began to fall. Joe needed somewhere to stay for the night. He darted back in the direction from where he came. Joe remembered passing a couple of hotels. He had no idea how much a room cost, but he hoped there was enough in the envelope for at least one night.
Joe found a hotel not far from the Odeon. It needed a lick of paint and was not the most salubrious of places. Joe hoped that the price would be reflected by the downbeat look of the hotel. He stepped inside and was knocked off his feet by the smell of stale cigarettes. If he thought that the pubs he had visited were terrible, they were nothing compared to this place. He walked up to the desk and rang the bell. A woman in her sixties appeared from the back office. She stubbed out her cigarette and looked at him with dull grey eyes. The woman scared him and looked like a tough old cookie. Her skin was brittle as pressed flowers and she had pockmarks on her face, which looked as though it had been shot-blasted.
"What can I do for you?" she asked in a strong scouse accent that Joe could barely understand.
"How much is it for a room?"
The woman pointed to the sign behind her, which said rooms from 65/. Joe had no idea what 65/ meant. He tried to fathom things out. A hotel in two thousand and sixteen would be around eighty pounds for a single room. But that was fifty years in the future. He wondered what that would be the equivalent to now. He could just ask the woman what it meant, but he was nervous about making a fool of himself. In the envelope were pound notes. He pulled out five and put them on the desk. She looked at him strangely. Joe tried to weigh up the meaning of her expression. He wondered whether he had not given her enough money.
"It's not the bloody Ritz, you know," she said, grabbing the money. She slid a pound note back to him, unlocked a draw beneath the desk, counted out change and dropped it on the desk.
"Be out by ten in the morning. If you want breakfast, it's extra. There's a bar through there, but it shuts at eleven. Here's your key. Room one o' four. It's on the first floor. Where's your case?"
"Case? Oh, I don't have one. I'm travelling light."
"You better not be using that room for entertaining whores," she snapped.
"No, I can assure you I won't be doing that. I just need somewhere to stay the night. I'll be gone by the morning."
She eyed him up and down and lit another cigarette.

Joe let himself into the room. The paintwork was chipped, and the bed looked uncomfortable. A faded picture of Queen Elizabeth hung on the wall at an angle. He tried to straighten it up, but it refused to hang level. He lay on the bed and looked towards the window which was the main source of light. A bare lightbulb hung from the ceiling and above his head was a light switch from which hung a length of chord. He pulled it, and the bulb came on. It was so dim it barely made any difference. He turned the light off, then on, off, then on, off, then on, until the patron in the adjoining room banged on the wall and told him to be quiet. He wondered whether he should have stayed in Dylan's hotel after all. He thought the hotel was awful and expected cockroaches to scurry across the floor. He looked for the bathroom door, then realised he did not have such a luxury. He would be sharing the bathroom with the others who were staying on the first floor.
Something in his pocket was jarring his leg. It was his phone. He took it out and placed it next to him on the bed. He pulled out his wallet, pen, and the envelope of cash. Joe emptied what was left of the money on the bed and tried to figure out how much he had. He had a five-pound note, three one-pound notes and a lot of loose change. He assumed if the hotel had cost less than four pounds, then the folding money he had left must be worth rather a lot. The notes were so different to what he was used to. Paper money in the twenty-first century was made from a strange flexible plastic. What lay before him was actual tactile paper. It had a smell about it too. It was the scent of a hundred greasy palms as the notes had been passed from person to person. Joe searched through the coins and started putting them in order. He had three large silver coins that were half-crowns, and five smaller silver coins had 'one shilling' written on them. He had a handful of tiny silver coins which had 'sixpence' stamped on them. There were lots of copper coins which were a mix of pennies, halfpennies, and farthings. Joe had heard of shillings and half-crowns. He clearly knew what a penny and halfpenny were. Joe thought a farthing sounded like something from the dark ages.
Based upon the cost of the hotel room, he estimated the paper money was valued between one hundred and sixty and one hundred and ninety pounds. Not to mention what the coins were worth. He was confident he had something in the region of two-hundred pounds worth of twenty first century cash strewn beside him. It was clear he did not have enough to stay in a hotel or a B&B forever, but he had enough for food and a waterproof coat. He had worn the same clothes for a couple of days and noticed they were beginning to smell. Joe told himself that he would treat himself to something to wear in the morning.
Joe was tired and fidgety, but he did not want to sleep. It was far too early. If he slept now, he would probably wake up in the small hours and not get back to sleep again. He strolled to the window and looked out. The glass was grimy, and it was hard to see what was outside. He pulled on a chord, and the sash window opened. The evening air drifted in, and it smelt better than his room. It was noisy outside, and Joe craned his neck to see what was happening. The noise was the loud voices of the Liverpool contingent of Dylan's fans who were rowdily making their way to the Odeon. He sat back on the bed and left the window open.
Joe wondered how he could kill time. There was no television in his room, not even a radio. Then he remembered the last thing Feinstein said before Joe left the Odeon, which was not to forget the list of Dylan albums.
'That'll kill an hour or so,' thought Joe. The list was in his back pocket. He pulled it out and looked where he had left off.
'2009 – A charitable thing to do'.
Joe looked at the words and frowned for a few seconds, which was the time it took to realise the album title he had so cryptically disguised. Then it came back to him. 'Christmas in the Heart', his least favourite Dylan album. He tried to remember which album came before it. He furrowed his brow and concentrated, but nothing sprang to mind. Dylan had released 'Modern Times' in two thousand and six, but Joe was sure there was something between that and 'Christmas in the Heart', but he could think of nothing. Then, finally, he thought about a clue for 'Modern Times'. 'Easy', thought Joe, as something jumped out at him. He scribbled on the paper.
'2006 - Contemporary Epoch'.
Joe remembered a big gap between 'Modern Times' and what came before it in two thousand and one. He remembered waiting almost five arduous years for 'Modern Times' to follow 'Love and Theft'. Another alternative title quickly came to him. 'Affection and Pilfering'. He wondered whether it was too much of an obvious clue. 'Fuck it,' he told himself and jotted down his latest idea.
'2001 - Affection and Pilfering'.
Joe was getting into the swing of things but paused when he was hit by a thought. Most of the clues had been from two thousand and one until two thousand and fifteen. Poor old Feinstein only had one clue for the older Dylan albums. That was for nineteen sixty-seven's release of 'John Wesley Harding'. That would mean he would have to wait over thirty years for the next clue on Joe's list to make any sense. Joe trawled his memory to think of Dylan's earlier releases. Then he remembered 'Nashville Skyline'. How could he have forgotten? It was the album he almost let slip to Christine on Wednesday. 'Nashville Skyline' came out in nineteen sixty-nine, two years after 'John Wesley Harding'. That would not be too long for Feinstein to wait. 'Tennessee's City's Horizon.' thought Joe. 'Yeah, that'll do it.'  He added it to the list. Joe decided to think of one more title and then continue with the list some other time. The album which followed 'Nashville Skyline' was 'Self Portrait', Dylan's first album of the new decade. It came out in nineteen seventy. 'Self Portrait, Self Portrait, Self Portrait,' thought Joe, 'What can I come up with for Self Portrait?' "I know," he said out loud and wrote down his latest clue.
'1970 – Van Gogh'
‘That'll do for now,’ he thought and perused his handiwork.
'1967 - The name of an 18th century Methodist preacher'.
'1969 - Tennessee's City's Horizon'.
'1970 – Van Gogh'.
'2001 - Affection and Pilfering'.
'2006 - Contemporary Epoch'.
'2009 – A charitable thing to do'.
'2012 – Storm'.
'2015 – Hank and his friends after sundown'.

Joe had only written eight titles, but it would do for now. Writing the list was making him more tired than he was before he started. He needed fresh air. The room had a damp, musty smell and he would not be surprised if mushrooms and toadstools grew under the bed. He slipped some coins into his pocket. Then he shoved the rest of his money under the pillow along with his phone and wallet.
He left his room, took the stairs to the reception area, stepped outside, and appreciated the cool of the evening. The throng of Dylan fans filled the main road and each one was a slight variation of the next. Joe stood next to a line of phone boxes on the street corner and partook in the diversion of people watching. It was fascinating to see so many people heading in the same direction with the same goal for the evening. Pedestrians who were not part of the horde crossed to the other side of the road, the side which Joe was on.
On the wall of the Odeon was a poster of Julie Andrews advertising the 'Sound of Music'. Opposite the venue was the Lord Warden pub, which was packed to the brim with excited fans. An ambulance chimed as it raced along London Road and it was a stark reminder, if one was needed, that Joe really was in the mid-sixties. The ambulance’s siren sounded so different compared to ambulances in the twenty-first century. Then he spotted the last people he wanted to see. Christine and Mark were on his side of the road and walking towards him. Joe hid in an empty telephone box and pretended to make a call while they walked past and crossed over the road. He let out a sigh and put the handset back on the cradle. Joe made sure the coast was clear before stepping out.
Then, Joe spotted Dylan's Princess edging along the road and he stepped back into the phone box. Through the grubby glass, Joe saw that only Clive was in the car. Joe wondered where he was going and began to get paranoid. He did not want to be seen by anyone who knew him. Joe's intention was a night alone and away from the madness of the Dylan merry-go-round. He reluctantly headed back to the hotel.
The reception was unattended, and Joe was about to head to his room but stopped when he spotted the entrance to the bar. He had intended to stay off the sauce for once, but the lure of the bar was too much. He pushed open the door.
It was a gloomy place, gloomier than his hotel room. Several of the wall lights had no bulbs, and the few which did flickered eerily. In the middle of the bar was a pool table, and other than two old guys sitting separately, the place was empty. The soles of Joe’s shoes stuck to the carpet as he walked towards the bar. The shot-blasted receptionist woman was putting beer glasses in a cabinet. She saw him but acted as if he was not there. Joe waited, but it was as if he was invisible. Finally, after a few minutes, he broke the silence.
"Can I have a pint of beer, please?"
The woman sighed, and Joe felt he had spoilt her evening. She half-heartedly poured him a drink and asked for two shillings. Now that Joe had done a little research, he knew which coins to hand over. The woman did not even say thank you, not that Joe was bothered. The less the woman spoke, the better. He sat at a table and watched the bubbles rise to the top of the glass. He soon became mesmerised by them, as if they were tiny little worlds fighting their way to the surface of his drink. He took a sip, and it tasted good. Unlike his room, there was something about the bar he liked. Perhaps it was because the place was empty. Joe finished the beer faster than he had anticipated and went back to the bar for another. Pickled onions were in a jar on the back wall, alongside a stack of crisp packets, pork scratchings and peanuts. He loved pickled onions and pork scratchings but rarely ate them at home because Jenny hated the smell of the onions and disliked the sound of Joe almost breaking his teeth on the scratchings. But she was not here tonight, so he asked the woman for a little of what he fancied. The second beer was going down as well as the first, and the onions and scratchings were good too. They tasted better than in the twenty-first century. The onions had more crunch, although the scratchings did have more hairs.
The two old men left the bar at the same time, despite seemingly not being with each other. Joe was alone and finished the last slurps of his second beer. 'One more, and that'll be it,' he told himself as he got up and ordered a third. Joe had run out of shillings and had a handful of pennies and a half-crown. He had no idea of the value of the half-crown but guessed it was enough to cover the cost of the beer. He gave the woman the silver coin and expected change. When none was forthcoming, it taught him that a half-crown was the same as two shillings. He wondered how such a complicated currency ever took off.
The third beer was more of a struggle, and the first two had already started to affect him. Although he drank often, he was somewhat of a lightweight when it came to too much alcohol. It did not take too many glasses to begin to impair his judgement. His memory wandered to the thought of the phone call he made to his parents the night before and how Clive had told him that it was a risky thing to have done. What Clive said was correct, and Joe knew not to make the call again. But the urge to pick up the phone and speak to his father one more time was hard to ignore. Just the thought that his parents were less than a hundred and fifty miles from where he was and were young, fit, and healthy, was hard to comprehend.
Joe was three-quarters of the way through his third pint and was too bloated and gassy to drink anymore. He pushed the glass to the other side of the table and stood up. He was a little dizzy, but not too bad. The shot-blasted woman sniggered when she saw him leave the bar on shaky legs.
Joe was out on the street again. London Road was busy, but not so busy now that the Dylan fans were jammed into the Liverpool Odeon with their jaws ajar watching his acoustic set. A clock in a shop window told him that the first set was at least halfway through. He waited for a gap in the traffic, crossed the road and stood outside the auditorium. A small part of Joe wanted to be with Feinstein and the others, but the rest of him was content to remain at a distance…. at least for tonight. He walked to the backstage door and saw the Princess and the minibus parked outside. He put his ear to the door and faintly heard Dylan performing 'Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues'. Joe decided not to hang around and made his way back to his grimy hotel room. As he walked away, the backstage door creaked open. Joe quickened his pace and began to run when he heard Clive call to him.
"Joe, wait," shouted Clive.
But Joe did not wait. Instead, he ran. He weaved between pedestrians, saying 'sorry' as he almost bumped into them. He darted across London Road and hid behind the phone boxes, the same ones in which he hid earlier when he had seen Mark and Christine. He peeped from behind and discovered Clive was nowhere to be seen. Joe had lost him and let out a sigh. He did not want to run the risk of bumping into him, so Joe hid inside a phone box and decided it would be wise to stay there for at least five minutes to ensure Clive was nowhere nearby.
He stared lazily at the payphone and thought about his parents again. He was drunker than he was ten minutes earlier and found it impossible to resist the urge to call them again. Joe pulled a handful of pennies from his pocket and jangled them in his hand. He picked up the handset and, after a couple of seconds, put it back. He leaned against the window to steady himself and then picked up the handset again. Joe swallowed hard, dialled the operator, and asked to connect with Daniel and Mary Treasure in Bristol.
Beads of sweat formed on his brow as he waited for either his mother or father to pick up.
"Hello, Bristol three five nine."
It was his father's voice, and, just like before, Joe had not thought things through. He had no idea what to say. But just to hear his father's voice was incredible and Joe's hand shook as he held the handset.
"Hello, is there anyone there? Hello."
"Yes, it's me again. I'm here."
Joe heard his father tell his mother that it was the same caller from last night.
"Who are you?"
The awkward pause was unbearable.
"Who is this? Either hang up or talk to me."
"It's me, Joseph, your son."
"You're mistaken. You have the wrong number."
"You're Daniel Treasure, aren't you, and you're married to Mary?"
"Who are you…. and what do you want?" His father was beginning to lose his temper.
Joe paid little attention to the man waiting in line to use the phone after him.
"You and mum married last year, in June. June the eighth, to be precise. You got married at All Saints Church in Fishponds."
Joe paused and listened to his father breathing.
"Mum won't give birth to me until nineteen seventy-six, but you have to believe me, I am your son. My name is Joe. Joseph Treasure."
"Now, just you listen to me…," Daniel tried to speak, but Joe cut him short.
"I only wanted to hear your voice again. I promise this is the last time I'll call. You died in two thousand and ten. I've not heard your voice in over six years. I just wanted to say don't ever smoke cigarettes, even just a few. Lung cancer killed you and…."
Joe did not finish what he was about to say. The door flung open, the handset was grabbed from him and smashed down on the cradle. Joe looked up and saw Clive with a face like thunder. Clive pushed Joe against the window and lifted him by his neck. Joe gasped for air as his feet dangled an inch from the ground.
"You stupid, stupid bastard. What the hell do you think you're playing at?"
Tears filled Joe's eyes.
"I just wanted to speak to them."
"You've fucked up your future. You have no idea what you've done. You've told your father when he's gonna die, you told him when you're gonna be born, and you told him your name. I can personally guarantee that you've wiped yourself out of existence and have massively, massively changed the course of the future."
"But how?" wheezed Joe, as Clive's hands tightened around his skinny neck.
"In so many ways. Your call may have triggered a row between your parents. Perhaps they'll spit up, or perhaps they'll row and then make up. Perhaps they'll shag tonight and make a baby. A different baby and not you. That's gonna mess the future up, don't you think? There are a thousand and one different variations of the future now because you made that call. Your dad could get so worked up he could get blind drunk, trip, and die. You just don't know."
Clive's grip lessened, and Joe's feet met with the ground. He slouched forward and fell onto Clive.
"So, what happens if I'm not born?" asked Joe sheepishly.
"I think you can probably work that out for yourself. I've never known anyone perform such a stupid stunt as you. God only knows what's going to happen now."
"But why are you so concerned whether I live or die? Why are you so bothered about my parents?"
"Because the knock-on effect is huge. I'm not going to stand in this phone box and go through it all now. When you wake up in the morning, if you wake up, I want you to think very, very carefully about what you've done."
"What do you mean…, if I wake up?"
"Just think about it. Then, when the penny drops, it'll be a sobering thought."
And with that, Clive stormed out, and Joe was alone and very shaken. Clive's words sank in, and suddenly Joe felt afraid. He was too scared to return to his room and sleep. The idea of not waking up because he had not been born hit him square between the eyes.


THE END OF BOOK ONE
Thank you for downloading and reading The Future Man and the Judas Moment - (Book One) – On the Wharf. I hope you’ve enjoyed it.
What will happen to Joseph Treasure? Will he find a way back to Jenny and Robert, or will he live the rest of his life from nineteen sixty-six? Find out by reading The Future Man and the Judas Moment - (Book two) – Three More Days of Hell.
The Future Man and the Judas Moment - (Book two) – Three More Days of Hell, can be sourced by searching the Internet 
