

THE SECRET OF THE NINE









S. Chettiar







For everyone who believed that I could





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Contents
Prologue	6
Chapter 1	9
Chapter 2	15
Chapter 3	21
Chapter 2	28
Chapter 3	35
Chapter 4	43
Chapter 5	50
Chapter 6	57
Chapter 7	64
Chapter 8	72
Chapter 9	79
Chapter 10	87
Chapter 11	95
Chapter 12	103
Chapter 13	111
Chapter 14	119
Chapter 15	125
Chapter 16	132
Chapter 17	140
Chapter 18	146
Chapter 19	153
 Chapter 20	160
Chapter 21	168
Chapter 22	176
Chapter 23	183
Chapter 24	191
Chapter 25	198
Chapter 26	206
Epilogue	210


Prologue
1682 AD

The soldiers walked in pairs ahead of the wagon, which was being drawn by two horses. Following them was Anandrao Angre. A hazari in the Maratha army, he had been given the responsibility of this mission by his general. His eyes were blood-red mostly from being awake from the last twenty-four hours, and his gaze continually looking around the mountain from which they were descending. His right arm was holding the hilt of his sword and the left holding the rein of the horse. The narrow passage was the only way down the mountain. As they approached a curve, he clutched the reins of his horse to guide the animal from slipping down the side.
He looked down the ravine below and thought, “The way down would be a painful death”.
The sun was setting low, and darkness would soon engulf the mountain, which would make the pass impossible to travel. They needed to reach the bottom quickly and make camp for the night. The column of soldiers was moving slowly. He beckoned Rajaram, who was a jumladar and a close aide. “The sun will set soon, we need to reach the bottom quickly.” 
Rajaram gave a quick nod and moved forward. 
Within a few minutes, the group started moving a bit quicker yet cautious. Anandrao knew that the general had used a few favours to guarantee a secure passage for them. Yet somehow, he couldn’t shake the feeling that they were nevertheless not safe. The entire journey would take more than two weeks. 
At last, the group cleared the mountain and reached its bottom just as the sun disappeared behind the range.
“Make camp quickly and post guards across each side. I want the camps guarded at all times,” ordered Anandrao.
The men quickly disembarked their horses and started making the camp.
A quick dinner of Bhakri and onions filled their stomach. The first set of soldiers lay guard to the camp and the rest quickly lay down to sleep. Their feet were sore and the bodies ached from the long travel. All of them knew that they would have to start the journey at the break of the dawn.
Sleep still eluded Anandrao his mind still kept thinking of the journey ahead. It would take two weeks more for his group to reach Kalyan where a battle with the Mughals was underway. The loss to the Mughals in the battle of Sangamnera a couple of years ago was still fresh in his mind.
That was the last time he saw his Chhatrapati. The Mughals had ambushed them with a large force when they were returning from Jalna. The battle raged for three days, and all of them fought bravely. But the Marathas were no match for the Mughal forces who were almost five times their size. Seeing no choice, their general Sidhoji urged the Chhatrapati to escape. The Chhatrapati was reluctant to leave his friend behind, but both of them knew that he needed to stay alive to fight another day. His friend’s sacrifice was the only way he could escape. In the middle of the night, the Chhatrapati along with five hundred of his personal guards escaped the battlefield. All of them indebted to their comrades well knowing that those left behind sacrificed their lives for their king.
And now after the Chhatrapati’s death, the Marathas were looking at one more defeat. The Mughals had surrounded the Kalyan fort with their mighty force under Bahadur Khan. If not stopped the Mughals would be one step closer to the Maratha stronghold capital Raigad.
The gold coins in his wagons would help get adequate supply to the army at the Kalyan Fort. Mughals had lay seize to the entire fort across all sides. The army within had supplies that would last them for a couple of months. Unknowing to the Mughal army, there was a secret passage which ran under the Ulhas River. This tunnel connected the fort to a Hanuman temple couple of kilometres away. Food and other supplies were brought into the fort using the tunnel.
His thoughts went back to cargo that he was carrying. He was more intrigued with the small sealed metal box in the wagon which the general had explicitly asked him to deliver to the commander of the fort with a sealed letter that Anandrao was carrying with himself.
“The box and this letter need to be delivered without fail, guard it with your life Anandrao” said the general when they were about to start the trip.
The sound of a horse galloping towards their camp broke his chain of thoughts. Anandrao quickly stood up and came out of his tent.
A soldier came forward to Anandrao and bowed.
“Sir there is a messenger from Indore, and he says he has an urgent message from the general.”
The messenger came forwarded and bowed his head. He then handed over a parchment to Anandrao and said “The general had asked me specifically to deliver this to you.”
Anandrao took the parchment from the soldier and read the message. His body turned stiff and brows came closer together, with a deep little furrow between them.
“Break camp now. We need to move out quickly.” he said to Rajaram.
Rajaram nodded an affirmation and started giving orders to the soldiers.
The cargo was no longer safe. The Mughals were following the group and were a day away at most. His men quickly broke the camp, fires were doused and the horses loaded. All of them ready to make a move.
Rajaram looked at his superior waiting for his instruction.
“We need to find an alternate way to reach Kalyan, the Mughals are following us. The roads are no longer safe” said Anandrao 

Chapter 1
Present Day

With her sleeves rolled up to her elbows, Meera paced the length of the dim-lit communication command centre at the DCA. Data streamed across the large displays mounted on the front wall of the command centre. The communication centre was the heart of the IACCS, which was the Integrated Command and Control system interconnecting all the networks of the Indian armed forces.   
In front of her, Abhay sat at a station, typing with one hand, clutching an energy drink in the other. He was studying the large monitor on his desk. 
“It seems that they have created a temporary back door in the system using a network admin access code. At this point, they can basically track any assets we have on the water, air or on the ground.” 
“Can we block them out?” asked Meera staring over Abhay’s shoulder. 
“I am trying to do just that” replied Abhay “It’s just that they are just too fast, they are blocking all my commands so quickly like there are thousands of people working against me at the same time.” 
“Do we know who they are?” asked Meera staring at the young network engineer. 
“They could be anyone, could be the Pakistanis, the Chinese or the North Koreans. I want to put my money on the Chinese, but the way they have hacked into the system means that we might have someone who has moved over to the dark side.” 
Meera nodded. 
These days almost all countries employed hundreds of hackers trying to break into their enemies’ networks. The Chinese and North Koreans used a huge army of hackers, some say numbering more than over a hundred thousand, dedicated solely to breaking into all significant countries computers, stealing technologies. 
“Got it” exclaimed Abhay as he sprang from his seat.
He looked at his boss with a crooked smile obviously proud of himself. 
“Good work” replied Meera smiling as she looked at him sitting back on his chair. She had recruited him after he was kicked out of IIT Mumbai, he had hacked the Income Tax servers just using a jury-rigged tablet.  
“I have closed the door and blocked the admin credentials. They won’t be hacking in that way again. I’m now attempting to identify what they were trying to do.” 
He furiously started typing in commands on the keyboard, this time with both his hands and his nose just inches away from the screen. Meera continued to watch the screen over his shoulders, looking at the young man commands. 
“Hmm.. this is a bit odd.” 
“What is odd?”
“The motive of most hacks is either data theft or sabotage. But from the attack here, it looks like they were just trying to find the location of a Navy vessel. I do not see any attempt to install malware into the systems.”
Abhay stood up and stared across the banks of monitors, all still flowing with enigmatic data. The young man studied the screens, running fingers through his ruffled hair, plainly concerned. 
Meera joined him at his side “What is it?” 
“The pattern of search is not random, despite how much they’re trying to make it look like it.” He pointed to one monitor. “This is not a blind search for deployed assets. There is intent here, masked by all the rest of this noise.” 
“What intent?” 
Abhay returned to his station and began typing again. “They were just looking for one particular vessel.” 
“Which one?”  
Abhay looked at the dark screen on his desk. His voice strained with confusion. 
“This is what makes it odd. It is just a survey ship. INS Thakshak” 
Meera understood his confusion. It was a strange target for such a sophisticated and elaborate hack by any foreign country. They would have known that the DCA would be able to block the credentials one way or another. Why would someone want to use a powerful onetime only tool to search for a survey ship? 
Abhay continued as he typed “The ship is off the coast in Gujarat, near the Hazira port.” 
“Are they doing something classified?” 
“Not that I can see, they are on a routine hydrographic survey mission. It departed from Visakhapatnam two days ago” replied Abhay. 
He then added, “Looks like they also grabbed the ship’s past mission logs.” 
Meera felt a bit of unease. What was so important about this ship and its past to this hack. 
“Can we trace the hacking?”  
“I can try, but it’s a long shot. The odds would be better if we can access the mission logs ourselves and try to find their digital fingerprint.”
“Ok, go ahead and access the logs?” 
Aditya nodded and began to open the ship mission logs and history. 
He shook his head sideways “Ok, this is something that I don’t see every day. The logs are declared classified, and we need a FOCWF clearance.” 
“What the hell,” said an annoyed Meera and pushed out Abhay from his chair and sat on it. She then proceeded to enter her credentials on the system, but the system denied her access. 
“Bloody red tape” said Meera as she pushed the chair back infuriated. 
“Can you put a block on the logs before anyone else can  access it and accidentally wipes away that digital fingerprint?” 
“That  I can do” replied Abhay as he pulled the chair forward and sat on it. 
Meera patted Abhay’s shoulder “Let me get that access for us now” and started walking towards the door. 
Abhay glanced at the wall clock ahead, which was showing ten in the night and wondered where Meera could get the access at this hour. 
She took the lift to the basement car park and entered her car. 
Once inside she turned the engine on and yanked the SUV into gear pushing the accelerator. She then drove the vehicle toward a ramp that spiralled up to a private exit onto Rajpath.
She drove into the parking of the South Block Secretariat Building. Meera then went through a physical security check with metal detectors to enter the main reception area. The reception area was empty and just manned by a CISF security guard. 
She walked through a series of corridors and stopped herself in front of a big teakwood door. 
“Is she there?” she asked the assistant sitting at a desk outside the office. 
“She is, you can walk in” he replied. 
Meera walked into a large office furnished with teakwood furniture. As she entered, she closed the door behind her.
“Ma’am, there has been a cyber attack in the IACCS network.” 
The person on the other side of the desk removed her glasses and looked up the docket that she was reading. 
She smiled and said “Good Evening Meera, we agreed that behind closed doors that you will call me Aunty.” 
“Yes Ma’am, I mean Aunty” stammered Meera
“So, let me about this attack” asked Vidya
“Whoever it was, wanted information about a specific Navy vessel. There is a lock on its mission logs and I need access to find out who was behind the attack.” 
“Which ship is that?”
“INS Thakshak”
Vidya squinted her eyes, sat up straighter and leaned towards her. 
“I am sorry but I cannot give you access to its log” 
“I don’t know if that’s such a good idea,” Meera warned. She then added “Whoever did this today will try and hack again”  
“No Meera. I cannot.”
Meera tried her best to assure Vidya “We can find whoever this today.” 
“I don’t doubt your capability, Those files are classified for a reason” 
Meera barely heard the words. She stared at the straight face of Vidya, her vision narrowed. She seemed little mollified by this, her words bitter “Don’t you trust me with the information.” 
“It is not about trust and you know it. These procedures are set for a reason. I do not want to break the same rules that I have set for others. ” said Vidya calmly. 
With a sad smile, Meera said softly “Ok, I understand. Good night Aunty” 
“Good night and I will see you this weekend for lunch” reminded Vidya as Meera started walking out of her office. 
Meera closed the door and started walking towards the basement parking. She justed entered her car when her cell phone vibrated in her pocket. Frowning, she fished it out, checked the caller ID, and raised it to her ear. 
“Yes Abhay” answered Meera sounding exasperated
“Boss, I managed to put a false DNS entry, so wherever is trying to access it is gets diverted somewhere else. Did you manage to get the access?” asked Abhay
“No” sighed Meera. 
She paused for a moment, well knowing that the following orders were illegal and violated the Official Secrets Act. 
She pressed the phone closer to her ears. “Now that you have put a block, can you try and hack into mission logs. Something’s not right here, and we need to find more about that ship missions.” 
“You know that is illegal right?” said Abhay
“I know, will you do it?” 
“You know I will” 
“Good, speak to you tomorrow.” said Meera and hung up the phone. 




Chapter 2

Dhruv slipped on a pair of dark-tinted Rayban sunglasses as he kick-started his bike. The Royal Enfield Bullet roared into life on his first kick. He revved the engine, released the clutch and pulled out of his garage onto the main road towards the camp. 
Traffic congested at the road towards the Akshardham Temple, but he crisscrossed through some backstreets, narrow and lined with crookedly parked vehicles. Slipping between the gears with the skill of a Moto GP racer. He downshifted as he approached the main road leading to the temple. 
Foreigners visiting India often think that Indian drivers are short of patience, ignorant of traffic rules and heavy of foot. But they say that if you could drive in India, then you can drive anywhere in the world. 
Dhruv lunged between a Tata Truck and a boxy SUV, his bullet appeared to be no more than a bird flitting between two big elephants. He flicked his bike around the car ahead of him and filled the tiny space in front of it well earning the blare of its horn. But he was already gone. He whisked off the roundabout and onto the main thoroughfare that headed toward the Yamuna River.
As he rode down the wide street, he kept an eye fixed to the flow of traffic on all sides. To move safely through Delhi streets required not so much caution as it did strategic planning. That’s when he noticed his tail. The white coloured Skoda swung into position six cars back.
Who was following him, and why?
As he rode towards Connaught Place, his phone vibrated indicating a call. He parked his bike towards the side of the road and pulled out his phone. The number was unknown to him, Dhruv put the cell phone to his ear and said “Hello..” 
A familiar voice answered “Major Singh.” 
“Sir” replied Dhruv. A sudden seriousness formed and unknown to him, his upper body became straight. 
“I need you to go to the MOD immediately. They have a pass waiting for you at Gate 11” said the colonel on the other side. 
He checked her watch, it would take him not more than twenty minutes. 
“I’m supposed to meet the Joint Forces Team at Vayu Bhavan today.” 
“Forget about that. You have been directly ordered by the CO.” 
“Any idea what is it about. Sir?”
“They will explain when you get there.” 
Dhruv’s brow crinkled, but before he could ask more, the colonel signed off. 
He adjusted his bike mirror slowly to watch the road behind him and saw the Skoda parked around fifty meters behind.  

He called in a number from his phone. 
Once connected, he identified himself as a member of AFSOD and reported the tail. He then gave details about the car and put the phone back in the pocket but with the line open. 
There had been instances in the past where members of special forces were singled out and kidnapped by terrorists. 
Around twenty minutes later Dhruv pulled into the parking lot of South Block. As he walked towards Gate 11, he searched the street behind him. The Skoda had vanished shortly after he crossed India Gate. 
He pulled out his phone and said “The tail is gone.” 
“Are you secure?” 
“It seems so.” 
“Do you want a police patrol sent out?” 
“No need. I am at the South Block.  I should be fine. Thank You” 
Dhruv pocked the phone and walked towards Gate 11. He announced himself at the gate, after the due verification process the security handed him the pass. Dhruv then followed the line of visitors through the gate and down towards the entrance. As he approached, he studied the red stone building. It appeared more of a utilitarian government building than the seat of power. But its looks were deceptive. Dhruv showed his pass two more times to the CISF Guards before gaining admission building. 
Inside the building, a middle-aged man was waiting for him. 
“I am the minister’s assistant. If you’ll follow me, the minister and the General are waiting for you” said the man as he waved Dhruv to follow him.
The mention of the minister made Dhruv nervous. He did not understand why his CO wanted him to meet here. 
He followed the assistant through the multiple corridors of the South block. The place was gigantic with a thousand rooms, many staircases and a beautiful courtyard. It housed various ministries of the government. After the end of one such corridor, they reached a magnificent teak door.
The assistant knocked on the door and ushered him inside.  
Dhruv saluted to both the minister sitting across the vast table and to his CO sitting opposite her. 
The minister acknowledged his presence and gestured him to sit across her next to his CO.
“I am assuming you know General Shenoy.”
“Yes Ma’am” 
“Good”
She then handed over him a thin file which was on the table. Dhruv took the file and looked to his left towards the General.
General Shenoy nodded a yes. 
Dhruv opened the file. As he began to read the report inside, all expressions left his face, and it grew still except for his eyes which danced from line to line.  Dhruv finished the short document and put the docket back on the table. His face showing a mask of confusion.
The minister noted how stiffly Dhruv sat still at attention. He was not nervous, more wary with an edge of excitement and exuded confidence. 
“You must be wondering why we have called you?”
“Yes Ma’am”
“As you can see from the docket, the discovery is of national importance. We have intelligence report that another party is also targeting this ” 
Dhruv nodded “My role in this?”
She passed another docket to him.
“The person on the first page is Dr Kale from Mumbai University. He is the foremost expert on Indian History and Mythology. We need to secure him to help us find more about this discovery.”
“What about the other one?” said Dhruv, flipping to the next page. 
“He is Plan B in case Dr Kale is not able to help.” 
She then handed him a small black pouch. 
Dhruv opened the pouch which revealed a coin. He examined it and then put it back again inside. 
She then handed him a small piece of paper. 
“This is my personal number. Keep me updated.”
Dhruv took the paper and put it inside his trousers pocket. 
“There is a plane waiting for you at T3. Dr Kale is currently in Chennai Museum doing some research. Secure Dr Kale and get him here. We have reason to believe that the other party is also interested in him.” 
Dhruv nodded and got up from his seat. He then saluted both of them and walked towards the door.  
“Watch you back Major.” said the General as Dhruv closed the door behind him. 
Around four hours later Dhruv found himself at the entrance of the vast Chennai Museum. The museum was spread across sixteen acres of land and was the biggest in the country. He entered the museum through the main gallery and checked at the reception for Dr Kale where he was directed to the Amravati section. 
 He thanked the receptionist and continued deeper into the museum towards the Amravati section. Past the central rotunda with huge paintings, he followed the direction to a public stairwell. Dhruv followed it past the next floor and down farther again to the Amravati section. The section of the museum was empty. 
Dhruv looked around and walked further down the hall. It finally ended at a security door marked MUSEUM PERSONNEL ONLY. NO ADMITTANCE. 
Dhruv tested the door. It was open. 
Dhruv swung the door open and set off into the off-limit spaces of the museum. It was not all that different from the rest of the building, if only slightly more utilitarian with marble floors, wooden cabinets whose frosted glass windows were etched with various topics. 
Dhruv stared up and down the hall. It was empty. 
He pulled out his mobile phone and tried the historian's number, which he had seen in the file. The historian’s phone continued to ring multiple times. 
There was no answer. 
Dhruv cursed himself and put the phone back in his pocket. 
He opened the door on his right. The dark space ahead smelled of dust, Dhruv reached inside and found a light switch. He flicked it on. Racks and shelves filled the back half of a vast room. Wooden crates with shipping labels stapled to them were stacked in a pile along one side. 
A storage room. 
He went back to the hall and opened the door on the left. It opened again into a massive room with a single desk supported a computer and printer. Tables stretched along the other side, crowded with pottery and paintings. 
Maybe someone had been taking inventory. 
There was another door at the end of the room. 
“Dr Kale?” called out Dhruv
No response. 
He called out again. This time a bit louder. 
No response again.
Dhruv opened the door and stepped inside. 
Inside the dimly lit room, he spotted a gaunt figure on the ground and he was weaving toward him. The man was dressed in jeans rolled at the ankle, revealing scuffed shoes, only half laced. He hunched within a suit jacket.
His hand reached toward him, trying to grab Dhruv towards himself. 
“Help me. Please” pleaded the man. 
Dhruv bent down on his knee to pick up the historian when the man tripped backwards with his mouth opened with surprise. Dhruv dropped down to pick up the historian. Dhruv shifted his right arm. His hand settled upon a hot swelling wetness on the man’s lower back. It streamed over his fingers. 
Blood. 
Dhruv pivoted on instinct. With the man still clutched in his arms, he yanked out his compact SIG pistol and pointed towards the door. 
After waiting for a few seconds. He slowly put the historian back on the ground and checked for his pulse. 
Dr Kale was gone. 


Chapter 3

Aditya tightened the lace of his sneakers and started to run. Slowly at first, his legs moving on their accord with his limbs scissoring. His breath was measured taking in the cold winter air into his lungs. His pace increased as he came across the turn of the jogging track in his complex. He did two more laps after which he entered the clubhouse at one end of the jogging track and went to an enclosed courtyard which house the pool. 
The club was nearly empty at this time of the day. The early morning sun was just flickering over the horizon, and the Indian winter made sure that most people snuggled under their cosy blankets. 
He waved to the lifeguard and changed quickly into his trunks in the changing room. The water was cold, but he didn’t mind it. Aditya then swam across the length of the pool, practising his crawl and breaststrokes. 
After some more laps, he crawled up the pool deck and looked at his wristwatch. He straightened himself and walked towards the shower area.
Inside he turned on shower knob, and a stream of water hit him. The water was ice cold, and his body gave an involuntary shudder as the cold water ran through it. He let the water run down for a couple of minutes, closed the shower knob and walked towards the changing room.
Within a few minutes, he was back out fully dressed in his tracksuit walked towards his apartment across the clubhouse. The complex in which he stayed was in the suburbs of Ahmedabad, one of the fastest-growing cities in India.
His apartment was a simple two-bedroom house with a living room and a kitchen. One of the rooms was his bedroom and the other was his study. The entire apartment was sparsely furnished with no photographs or decors in the house. The house did not have any fancy lights nor any colourful wallpaper. In all aspects, it was a bachelor’s pad except it was sparkling clean. There were no papers lying around, no clothes spread across the house, no overflowing dustbins. The cleanliness of the house would make any mother proud.
He went to his bedroom, closed the door out of habit and changed his clothes. A solid coloured shirt, dark blue jeans and brown shoes. He checked himself in the mirror once and walked towards the door of his apartment. He then locked the house in which he entered thirty minutes back and took a quick ride to the basement in the lift. 
There were few cars on the road at this time, and he wasn’t expecting any traffic. While the Sarkhej-Gandhinagar highway was a six-lane road, the ongoing construction of multiple flyovers across the stretch reduced the six-lane into four at various junctions. An hour later the same drive to his office would take more than ninety minutes. 
Aditya switched on the radio and the flow of Bollywood songs broke the silence in the car. The radio jockey was talking about the upcoming extended weekend and her plans for the same. He knew exactly what he was going to do during the upcoming holidays.
On reaching his office campus, he showed his ID through the car window to the security at the gate and then drove to his designated parking. There were only a few cars parked at this time of the day. The walk from the parking to the main building of the campus was short and one could see a cluster of radio dish antennae pointing at various directions in the sky at the corner of the building. There was a housekeeping person cleaning the glass door of the main building entrance which had “SAC-A” etched on the glass. 
The Space Applications Centre, also known as SAC is an R&D division of the Indian Space Research Organisation. This R&D campus in Ahmedabad did significant research in the field of telecommunications, remote sensing, meteorology and satellite navigation which powers the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System, also known as NAVIC, an alternative to the American GPS system. 
He swiped his ID on the turnstile at the gate which gave a beep and entered the building. The receptionist looked at him and gave a broad smile. Aditya smiled back and continued his walk towards a corridor on his left. At the end of the hallway, there was another door this time made of solid steel.
He swiped his ID once on the panel right of the door which opened it with a click sound. He reached his cubicle, pressed the power button on his desktop and picked up his coffee mug which had the SAC logo on it. The coffee machine was at the far end next to the conference room. After a quick fill of black coffee in his mug, he was back to his desk.
He sat down at his chair and started to enter his password on the screen. Before he could press ENTER, there was a ring at his phone extension.
“There is someone to meet you here.” said the receptionist at the other end.
“Give me a minute, and I will come out.”
“Don’t bother he is coming to meet you at your desk” replied the reception.
Someone coming to meet him at his desk only meant that the person was from SAC or the parent organisation ISRO. The time of the day also suggested something important, he made a mental checklist of his unfinished work and whether he was behind schedule.
“Good Morning Mr Kumar” said the tall man standing next to him, breaking his chain of thoughts.
“Good morning, please call me Aditya” replied the man as he stood up to shake the visitor’s hand.
The visitor was taller than Aditya, slightly more than six feet. His grip was firm and his forearms looked muscular. He wore a navy coloured blazer with a white shirt and khaki trousers. He was clean-shaven, and his hair neatly combed with not a single strand out of place. Aditya knew that beneath the layer of clothing, he was looking at someone muscular and extremely fit.
“Hello Aditya, my name is Dhruv, I need you to look at something and tell me what you know about it.”
“Sure”
Aditya pulled a spare chair from the next cubicle for Dhruv to sit. Dhruv removed a small pouch from his blazer's breast pocket as he sat of the chair. The pouch was black in colour with a drawstring. It was a simple pouch similar to the ones that you get in a jewellery shop. Dhruv opened the pouch and pulled out a small coin from it.
Aditya was intrigued; the coin was small and looked like an octagon.
Dhruv handed over the coin to Aditya who immediately started to inspect it closely and feel the ridges of the coin.
The coin was made of gold and had the word “Shri” engraved on it in Modi script. There was something else but the words were illegible. He turned the coin on the other side which had another incomplete word “Chhatra” etched on it. Aditya turned the coin on its ridges and he could visibly see six small holes on one of the sides of the octagon. He knew that he was looking at a “Shivrai”, the currency of the great Maratha King Chhatrapati Shivaji. The coin was slightly heavy than the regular Shivrai which he had seen a couple of times in the past.
“This is a Shivrai, the currency of Shivaji Maharaj, probably printed in the late seventeenth century. Though the design is a bit unusual and it is made up of gold”
“Should it not have made up of gold?” asked Dhruv
“Most Maratha coins was made up of copper during those times, gold has always been expensive and difficult to mine. Any currency which was to be used widely by the people would have to be made by something readily available. These days our currency is made up of paper, and most of us have already shifted to digital currency.”
He then added “There is something else, can you see the six holes in the on its ridges?” pointing it to Dhruv. “These holes are never a characteristic of the Shivrai. Also, the coin weighs more than a regular Shivrai”.
Aditya paused for a moment and turned his gaze towards the ceiling of the room, lost in his own thoughts. He then faced Dhruv and explained
“The Maratha economy was mainly agrarian and their coins lacked a high degree of sophistication of the Mughals. The various Maratha kingdoms never issued a uniform series of coin and their currency system was very loosely controlled by the state. The state restrained its duty to the collection of revenues and never beyond it. In this field, the Marathas were much inferior to their contemporary adversaries such as the Mughals.”
He paused and then added “A notable exception in this field was the Shivrai. It was extensively used by the common people across the Maratha kingdom and was in use till the late nineteenth century. Even the East India Company who became the dominant political force after the Third Anglo-Maratha wars continued to issue Shivrai coins.”
“But they were never made of gold, and the sides of this coin is uniform suggesting that a great sophistication was used.”
“So, do you think this was not made by the Marathas” asked Dhruv
Aditya paused for the moment and said “If not for the words etched, I would have surely thought that this coin was made by the Holkar’s of Indore.”
“But weren’t the Holkar’s part of the Maratha Empire?” asked Dhruv
“They were a part of the empire starting the early eighteenth century, but they had their own currency which was influenced by the Mughals at that time.”
Aditya paused for a moment and looked towards Dhruv into his eyes and said “You need to understand before the Holkar’s ruled Indore, the city was founded by Rao Nandlal Chaudhary who was the chief zamindar under the emperor of Delhi. The Marathas were constantly harassing him and to protect his people he constructed a fort and named the city Indrapur after Lord Indreshwar. The city eventually came to be known as Indore.”
“Only after Shivaji’s death, did Malhar Rao Holkar who was a General in the Maratha Empire won the city. The Peshwa's at that time made him the “Subhedar” of the region.”
“This coin was definitely minted before the Holkar’s came into power, maybe during the transition. I can’t be sure of this, but my gut says that it was minted in Indore”
Dhruv got up from his seat and walked away from Aditya’s cubicle. He pulled out a mobile phone and dialled a number. After a few seconds, he started talking on the phone glancing towards Aditya from time to time. The entire conversation might have lasted a couple of minutes and eventually he nodded at the end and put his phone back in the pocket of his blazer.
He walked back to Aditya who in the meantime had stood up from his chair.
“Are you ready for a short trip, I need you to come to Delhi with me”
The question surprised Aditya.
“What are you talking about, I don’t know you and why should I come to Delhi?, Who are you?” asked Aditya
Dhruv pulled out a wallet from his trousers back pocket and showed an ID card from it to Aditya. The ID showed Dhruv’s picture in an Army fatigue and his designation indicating as “Major” in the Indian Army working for the Ministry of Defence.
“My name is Major Dhruv Singh, and I am currently on a special assignment with the Ministry of Defence.” said Dhruv
“What would the Indian Army want with me?”
“I am sorry but I cannot answer that at the moment, all your questions will be answered once we reach Delhi”
“What if I am not interested in coming to Delhi?”
“Since you are a government employee, you are bound by its rule. I would request if you could come willingly.” replied Dhruv
Well knowing that if the Indian Army or the Government of India wants him in Delhi there was very little he could do. He then asked, “How are we planning to travel to Delhi”.
“I have a plane waiting at the airport and ready to leave at a moment’s notice. You can leave your car here at SAC. We have a car waiting outside” said Dhruv
“It seems that you came prepared.”
“The Indian Army is always prepared” replied Dhruv smilingly.
Both of them walked out of the building towards a waiting Indian army vehicle. The vehicle was a Toyota Innova.
Aditya always assumed that most people in the army would be riding in a Maruti Gypsy. The Gypsy was a four-wheel-drive vehicle originally manufactured by Maruti now Suzuki in India. It is primarily designed as an off-road vehicle or a vehicle for rough unprepared roads. Within India, it is widely used by the police and the armed forces.
In contrast, the Innova in which they were now seated was compact MPV designed for passenger comfort. The variant was the latest one with a widescreen multi-information display parking camera and various trims designed for luxury and comfort.
The drive to the airport took around forty minutes and during this time none of them spoke to each other.
The car reached the airport and instead of parking near the departure zone, the driver drove through the VIP section of the airport taking through various checkpoints. Each time at the checkpoint the driver rolled down his window and showed the security guards his Army ID.
After crossing three checkpoints where the car was searched multiple times the driver stopped the car near an airplane parking bay.
Inside the bay parked was a modern business jet.

Chapter 2

The presence of the business jet surprised Aditya; he had assumed that they would be travelling in an Indian Army plane like the AN-32. The Antonov An-32 is a Soviet-era turboprop twin-engine military transport aircraft widely used by the Indian armed forces. India has the most AN-32 planes other than Russia.
But the plane parked in the bay was a modern business jet. It was painted white with a blue stripe running across the fuselage. The words Indian Air Force along with its emblem was etched across the fuselage in black. 
This was the Embraer 135, generally used to ferry the VVIPs like Prime Minister or the President of India. The plane was equipped with a Self-Protection Suites which included radar warning receivers and missile-deflecting systems. The aircraft has the capability to shoot chaff and flares to deviate radar-guided and heat-seeking missiles off their track along with other security tools.
Aditya had never travelled in a business jet much less on one which is used to ferry the Prime Minister of the country. He generally avoided travelling by aeroplanes not because he was afraid or had a phobia but it bought terrible memories for him.
Both of them climbed the stairs into a very modern-looking cabin. From the outside, the plane looked that it could seat 30 to 40 passengers, but the interiors of the plane were modified to seat only 14 in a 1x1 configuration. Dhruv closed the door behind them and walked into the cockpit. Aditya just sat on the first available seat. The entire cabin was empty except for him. The seats were luxurious and designed for comfort.
The cockpit door opened and Dhruv came back. He just sat on the seat next to Aditya.
“Seat belts please” said Dhruv after fastening his own. “We would be flying immediately.”
Aditya fastened his seat belt and relaxed his head on the headrest.
“We were lucky to have this plane, the VVIPs generally use this, but this was the only one available at such short notice. Otherwise AN-32 or commercial airlines it is for most of our travels” said Dhruv.
The plane started moving out of the parking bay and within a few minutes was ready on the runway for take-off. Aditya instinctively grabbed the armrest. 
“Here we go” said Dhruv.
The take-off was smooth much better than any commercial airline take-off.
Seeing Aditya still clutching the armrest Dhruv said “Relax, these pilots are the best outside the Indian Air Force Fighter pilots.”
Aditya relaxed a bit but did not offer any explanation to Dhruv about his dislike of flying. The seat belt sign came off and the pilot announced that they would be reaching Delhi in 90 minutes. Aditya got up and went to the back of the plane to the lavatory and closed the door behind him. He looked himself at the mirror and wondered what the hell was happening.
He waited for a few seconds trying to seek an answer but it was not forthcoming. He sighed and then splashed cold water from the sink to his face. He then wiped it with the tissue available next to the mirror and opened the door of the lavatory only to see Dhruv standing across him.
“Just wanted to check whether you are doing alright.”
“I am alright.”
“Do you want a Coke?” said Dhruv offering a can of coke to Aditya.
“Thanks, but I am all good.” said Aditya and walked his way back to his seat. He closed his eyes and laid back.
The only question that was bothering him was “Who are they meeting in Delhi and Why me?”
He knew that his IQ was not the reason, while he had an IQ of upwards of 140 there were smarter people than him in SAC and ISRO. Also, the nature of his job was related to remote sensing sensors and telecommunication. The defence ministry had a lot of people with those skills and what he was working currently was not “Top Secret” or “Classified”.
The only explanation probably was his interest in Indian History and Mythology. He was well known online within the Indian Historian circles through online forums and chat groups. But none of them knew his identity much less where he worked. He knew that the SAC network was monitored by the cyber defence agency since some of the work were classified but he had never ventured online or engaged in any discussion from his office computer.
His thoughts drifted to his mother who was also a big history buff. She was a professor at Mumbai University teaching History. Through her, his interest in Indian history and mythology grew. Every weekend both his parents would take him historical places like Forts or Temples around Mumbai where she would explain to him not just facts but would weave the entire history of the place like a story. Her stories were so engaging that he would feel that he was a part of the history at that moment in time.
His father, on the other hand, was a man of science. He was an atheist and was never interested in mythology or history. It was only the love for his wife that would make their every weekend ritual bearable for him. They were an odd couple but madly in love with each other. While his mother would teach him about Ramayana and Mahabharata, his father would try and explain space travel, satellites and rockets. 
Both his parents’ journey was cut short unexpectedly.
Aditya was fourteen at the time, his parents wanted to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary in Europe. His mother wanted to visit Rome and the Vatican and his father wanted to visit the Scandinavian countries. Since his mid-term exams for his 10th grade was going on, the parents left him in the care of his maternal grandparents. They decided that they would spend a week in Italy and another week visiting Denmark, Norway and come back to India via Sweden.
After spending a week in Italy, they were to fly to Denmark from Milan. His mother had called him from their hotel at around 7am Indian time. She was so excited and wanted to talk about all the sights they had seen in Rome and the Vatican. Aditya could hear his father reminding her about the international call charges from the hotel. She promised that she would call him from Denmark in the evening and wanted to share a fascinating discovery that she made but the call never came.
At around 8 am Italy time, their Scandinavian Airlines Flight 689 met with an accident at Milan airport. Their flight which was bound for Copenhagen, Denmark collided on take-off with a small Cessna Citation business jet. A total of 118 people lost their lives. A later investigation would reveal that the collision was caused by several non-functioning and non-conforming safety standards at the airport. Four airport staff were found guilty for the disaster and jailed later.
Aditya was then raised by his grandparents, who eventually passed away due to old age when he was in his mid-twenties. Now he was all alone, a bachelor of thirty years and a loner.
“We would be landing in ten minutes, please fasten your seat belts” announced the pilot breaking his thoughts.
Their aircraft was destined to land in the Terminal 3 of the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi. Named after former Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi,  it is the busiest airport in the country in terms of passenger traffic and cargo traffic. Formerly known as Palam Airport it was operated by the Indian Air Force who then handed it over to Airport Authority in the early 2000s. The new terminal building or T3 as it is commonly known was designed by the HOK, which is the largest architecture firm in the world. The terminal is a two-tier building spread across twenty acres of land with the lower floor being the arrivals area and the upper level designed as a departures area. The airport was rated as one of the best airports in the world in its category.
The aircraft took a right turn and approached the runway 29/11. A small bump indicated the landing of the aircraft. The pilot then taxied the aircraft to the main taxiway towards the VIP terminal after a couple of minutes the plane came to a full stop. The seat-belt sign was switched off.
Dhruv got up from his seat, unlocked the airplane door and waited for the stairs to be connected to the airplane for them to disembark.
“Let’s go, the car has arrived” said Dhruv and started climbing down the aircraft. Aditya followed him to a waiting car which was an Innova similar to one that they used in Ahmedabad.
The passenger door felt a bit heavy while closing and the window panes were a bit thicker.
“In case you are wondering, the car is bulletproof.” said Dhruv sensing what Aditya was probably thinking
“So who are we meeting in Delhi?” asked Aditya after closing the door. 
“We are going to the Secretariat Building in Raisina Hill that is all I am allowed to say at this moment” said Dhruv.
Aditya was irritated by this unknown factor, not being in control of what was happening but he did not show any emotions to Dhruv. The car drove ahead quickly leaving the T3 departure road on to Sardar Patel road towards Rashtrapati Bhavan. Aditya had been to Delhi only once before to attend a conference with the department of science also known as DOS. He was always fascinated by the architecture of Delhi and its pothole-free road.
Most of the Delhi town planning was done by Sir Edwin Landseer Lutyens during the early 20th century when it was made the capital under the British India Empire. He played an instrumental role in designing and building New Delhi and was also the main architect of several monuments in New Delhi such as the India Gate and the Rashtrapati Bhavan. Along with Sir Herbert Baker, he designed the Parliament House also known as Sansad Bhavan which houses both the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha of the country.
As always Aditya was fascinated by the history of the city and the architectural marvels it had. Their car was en route to the Rajpath where the Secretariat Building was located. As the car travelled through the ceremonial boulevard memories of the annual republic day parade on twenty six of January flashed before his eyes. He remembered how he would get up early every republic day and put Doordarshan channel on TV to see the flag hoisting and the parade along with his parents. All of them would have breakfast together while watching TV which was a rarity. His mother was very particular about not watching TV during mealtime. The parade showcased India's defence capability and its cultural and social heritage with every part of the country being represented through various floats exhibiting their cultures. Since their death, he had never watched the parades again.
The car went through another multiple checkpoint and entered the South Block of the Secretariat Building. The South Block houses the Ministry of Defence, the Ministry of External Affairs and the Prime Minister's Office. The driver parked the car in the main parking area and both Dhruv and Aditya walked towards the main entrance of the building.
Another physical security check with metal detectors this time post which they were directed to the main reception area. They had their photos taken and a visitor card was printed for them. Their phones were taken away. The receptionist told them to wait in the lobby and that someone would come to receive them. They must have just sat down in the chairs when a tall man with a big moustache arrived and introduced himself.
“Hello Gentlemen, my name is Amit Tiwari and I am the minister’s assistant. She is waiting for you in her office”
Both of them got up and followed the man through a series of corridor each magnificent than the other. The floor was made up of chequered black and white tiles, the walls were adorned with portraits of Indian freedom fighters and past prime ministers of the country. They paused at a big door made up of teak wood. Amit knocked on the door and entered followed by Dhruv and Aditya.
“Good morning gentlemen, please have a seat. I will take a few more minutes; I need to finish this draft first” said the person sitting on the other side of a huge table.
The lady sitting opposite was Vidya Rajan. Aditya had only seen the Defence Minister on TV and read about her in the newspaper. She was wearing a green coloured saree and looked elegant for her age. She was in her early sixties, her husband who was a doctor passed away a couple of years back. They didn’t have any children.
An army brat, she had travelled throughout the country during her younger days with her father a Colonel in the Indian army. Her early education was done in various army schools where her father was posted. She graduated with an economics degree from St. Stephen's College in Delhi and had worked with a couple of consultancy firm in London where she met her husband through mutual friends.
After a couple of years, both of them got married and returned to India where her husband started his private practice. Post marriage she gave her Civil Services Examination and became an IAS officer. Over a period of twenty years, she grew the ranks before reaching the role of the cabinet secretary. She quit her post before her term ended and joined the current ruling party as their national secretary. And here she was now, responsible for the nation’s security 
She was known to be a strong-willed woman who was recognized for her negotiation skills and her integrity. She was one of the few leaders in the country who was respected within all political parties of the country. Rumour has it that she was offered the post of the Prime Minister of the country but she declined and instead asked for the Ministry of Defence.
She gazed her eyes from the documents she was reading, closed the file and asked looking at Aditya.
“So, Aditya, what you do know about the Battle of Kalyan”
 

Chapter 3

Aditya looked at Dhruv, who nodded to him. He turned towards the minister and said
“Ma’am, the battle of Kalyan occurred between the Mughals and Marathas between 1682 and 1683 at the Durgadi Fort in Kalyan which is currently a suburb near Mumbai. Bahadur Khan of the Mughal Empire defeated the Maratha army and took over Kalyan. The Marathas attempted a counter-offensive within a couple of months but failed and were repulsed by the Mughal forces.”
“Hmm, what more can you tell me about this fort”
Aditya continued “Shivaji Maharaj captured Kalyan and Bhiwandi region from Adil Shah who was the ruler of Bijapur in 1654. He then built a fort near the creek as support to Kalyan and used it as a dock to manufacture ships. Rumour has it that gold was found during excavation for the fort foundation. The Marathas considered it as a blessing from Goddess Durga and named the fort Durgadi”.
Vidya was surprised at the knowledge that Aditya had on the subject. He explained to her without referring any books or internet just from his memory. But she had already done her research and already knew what Aditya just said.
“What else can you say about the battle?”
“There is not much written in history books about this battle, and this was the second major defeat for the Marathas post their loss at the Battle of Sangamner couple of years earlier”. “Kalyan was significant for the Maratha Navy since the Ulhas River connected directly to the Arabian Sea, the ships manufactured here would then travel via the Arabian Sea to Sindhudurg where it would be used to patrol the area from Sawantwadi to Mumbai defending it against the British and Portuguese.”
He paused again and looked at Dhruv for second and hesitated a bit.
Sensing his predicament, Vidya encouraged him “Go on, don’t hesitate to speak your mind.”
“Well, as I said there isn’t much written in the history books about the Battle of Kalyan but there are rumours though”
“Post Shivaji Maharaj’s death, Mughal emperor Aurangzeb started a series of battles which is now known as the Deccan Wars. Many Mughal contingents were dispatched to lay siege to Maratha forts across present-day Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka, and Madhya Pradesh. He started his invasion of the Maratha enclave Bijapur in 1680. His plan was to use a pincer strategy with two divisions encircling the Marathas from the south and north to isolate them.”
“What does this have to do with the Battle of Kalyan.” asked Dhruv.
“I am coming to that” replied Aditya
“The final plan was to attack Raigad which was the Maratha capital at that time and the Durgadi Fort was one of the key defences between the oncoming Mughal army and the Raigad fort”. “A lot of kingdoms like Sikh and Rajput secretly supported the Marathas and they didn’t want the Mughal Empire to expand. It is rumoured that they had sent a huge consignment of golds and other valuables to support the battle of Kalyan. Only the Maratha’s stood in between the Mughal ambition. Also rumoured is that the Marathas had got hold of some sort a secret weapon from one of Shivaji’s Guru which would have allowed them to defeat the Mughal empire quite easily.”
“Of course, these are just rumours and conspiracy theories, there is no evidence to support the gold nor the secret weapon.” said Aditya not knowing where this conversation was going.
Also, he still didn’t understand why he was chosen to explain this to the minister. There were a lot of historians who knew this along with him. The rumours about the gold and the weapon had started during the 1970s. One of the historians found an old parchment letter in one of the archives in Mumbai supposedly written by a hazari to his wife about an important mission to Kalyan to defeat the Mughals. There has been no evidence of the mission ever found, no records of any gold or travel. The funny thing was that the letter was never seen again in the archives as if it never existed.
“Any thoughts on this?” asked the minister after placing a gold coin in front of him similar to the one the Dhruv had shown him earlier in the day.
“Are you suggesting that these are the same gold in the rumours?” asked Aditya astonishingly.
“You tell me” replied the minister.
“As I said to the Major earlier today, this gold looks like a Shivrai but was not minted by the Marathas. The design of the coin, its weight suggests that was minted in Indore or someplace with Mughal influence.”
“Where did you manage to find these and how many are there?” asked Aditya looking at both Dhruv and the minister.
“Before I can share any of this, you need to sign these documents.” said the minister passing a file to Aditya.
“What is it?”
“It says that any information discussed in this room is classified and covered under the Official Secrets Act of the Government of India. You are not to discuss this with anyone who is not cleared, and if found guilty you would be imprisoned as per the law. The second page is your consent to be moved from SAC to under the direct purview of the Ministry of Defence.” replied the minister.
Aditya skimmed through the documents quickly. He then signed both the pages with the pen which the minister had given along with the file.
“Now that is cleared, welcome to the Ministry of Defence” said the minister smilingly.
Looking at the eagerly awaiting face of Aditya she continued.
“Five days earlier an Indian Navy survey ship near the coast of Hazira found a shipwreck. They were conducting a training exercise where a small cache of gold was found on the sea-bed spread across the area by their divers. The ship is anchored there and I have ordered them to continue their search.”
“What is it that you want me to do?” asked Aditya.
“I want the Major and you to join the search party on board the ship. While the gold is of historical importance to the country, I am keen to find the truth behind the rumour of the secret weapon that you spoke about if there is one.”
“Your transportations have been arranged and the Major will take care of the details. Do not trust anyone other than Major who has my full confidence and trust his judgement” said the minister.
“Yes Ma’am” replied Aditya.
“That’s it” replied the minister indicating the end of their meeting.
Both Dhruv and Aditya got up their seats and walked out of her office, closing the door behind them.
Vidya picked up a file from her desk, Aditya’s photograph stared up at him from the upper right corner. It was the man’s passport size photo in his civilian clothes with an ID lanyard around his neck. The photo was probably taken during his induction at ISRO. Dark hair and clean-shaven, he had deep brown eyes. He had sharp cheekbones, big eyes, and strong jaw indicating a mixed heritage. From the file, Vidya knew about his parents and their background but she also knew a lot more which was not in the file.
She did not bother glancing over the rest of the pages in the file. She knew the details very well. Aditya had completed his engineering from IIT Bombay and then did his Masters from Stanford University in America on scholarship. While he had an opportunity to stay back and work, he declined and came back to India. Post which he joined ISRO.
He had no known friends or girlfriends and in all aspect was a loner. She also knew about his interest in Indian History and Mythology. The file also had details of various forums and chat rooms that Aditya visited frequently and a copy of those discussions as well
She put the file down and picked up another one. This one was for Dhruv, it showed his photograph in army fatigue. The page also had a photo of him with his wife and their young son. Besides his military expertise, the man had come to the attention of his superiors due to his aptitude and intelligence tests. He was certainly way above the norm. He was moved to a Special Forces group and eventually managed his own unit. He was recently awarded the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal. Dhruv came highly recommended from the chief of the Special Forces. After reading his file once again which also covered the various missions Dhruv had led, Vidya kept it back on the desk and went back to reading her documents.
Once outside her office, Aditya asked “So what now?”
“Well, we go to Hazira” replied Dhruv. He pulled his phone out from his blazers breast pocket and dialled a number, he then spoke to someone on the other side giving out instructions.
After putting his phone back in the pocket, he said “The car is waiting to take us to the airport.”
Both of them thanked Tiwariji, who was seated on his desk near the minister’s office and walked back to the main entrance of the building. The car was already outside the gate waiting for them for their journey back to the airport. Their travel back to the airport was eventless and both of them did not say a word to each other.
Post multiple security checks again at the terminal the car drove them back to the parked Embraer 135 business jet. The stairs were already connected to the door and Aditya could see the pilots doing a pre-flight check in the cockpit through the glass window. Both of them boarded the aircraft and Dhruv closed the door. He went to the cockpit and Aditya slumped in the same seat in which he sat during their trip to Delhi.
Aditya was exhausted both physically and mentally. Things were moving too fast for him to consider what was happening. In the morning he was working with SAC, a department of the Indian Space Research Organisation and now in the afternoon he was working with the Ministry of Defence. He knew that he had impressed the minister with his knowledge about the subject but it still did not him the answer to the question of why he was specifically chosen.
Dhruv came back from the cockpit and sat next to him. “We would be flying to Surat and from there we would board a Navy helicopter to the survey ship”
Aditya nodded and then fastened his seat belt. His dislike of flying was still there.
The pilot put the seat belts light on and the aircraft started moving out of the parking bay and within a couple of minutes they were on the runway ready for take-off. The Delhi airport was notorious for its air traffic and he could see a lot of airplanes waiting behind each other on the taxiway like a regular traffic jam on the street.
He guessed that being a defence airplane they were given a take-off priority over the other planes.
“Here we go again” said Dhruv as the aircraft gather speed for take-off.
The take-off was again smooth and Dhruv did not fail to see Aditya clutching the armrest tightly.
The plane took a left turn and was on its way to Surat. Post the fasten seatbelt sign was turned off Dhruv got up from his seat and went up the galley. He was back with a couple of sandwiches and water bottles. He handed over one each to Aditya and said: “Not sure about you, but I am very hungry”.
Aditya did not realise how hungry he was and a look at the sandwich made his stomach growl.
“Thanks” said Aditya
He quickly finished the sandwich and emptied the water bottle. Post which he just simply laid his head back against the headrest and dozed off.
He did not realise how long he slept till Dhruv woke him up.
“We would be landing soon.”
Aditya got up from his seat and walked to the lavatory to freshen up.
While in the lavatory he heard the pilots’ announcement “We would be landing in 5 minutes”. He came back to his seat and fastened his seat belts. Shortly after that, the aircraft landed on the only runway of Surat airport.
Surat is the second largest city of Gujarat. Once a port city famous for its shipbuilding and textile manufacturing, it is now the largest hub of diamond cutting and polishing in the world. It is said that 8 out of 10 diamonds on the world market are cut and polished in Surat.
The pilot parked the aircraft in the parking bay and Dhruv got up and opened the door. The stairs got aligned to the door and Dhruv disembarked the plane followed by Aditya.
At the bottom of the steps they were greeted by an Indian Navy officer.
“My name is Lieutenant Karan Shah and I am the helicopter pilot designated to take you to the ship. If you could please follow me to the helicopter” said the lieutenant.
Both of them followed the young lieutenant to a Chetak helicopter which was parked nearby.
Manufactured by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited under a licence from French aircraft company Sud Aviation. Chetak was originally a derivative of the Alouette III helicopters used by the French Armed Forces. Since the 1960s it's been used across the three wings of the Indian armed forces along with the Indian Coast Guard. After being in service for more than 50 years, the Chetak is gradually replaced by the newer HAL Dhruv helicopter in the armed forces.
They entered the helicopter and were greeted by the co-pilot who introduced him to “Lieutenant Raj Thakur”
Dhruv signalled Aditya to wear one of the headphones next to his seat and put one on for himself. Both of the closed their doors and the pilot started the rotor of the helicopter.
“The flight will take around 40 minutes, have anyone of you been on a helicopter before” said the pilot in their headphones.
Aditya nodded sideways and was not surprised when Dhruv nodded in affirmation.
The pilot looked at Aditya from his seat and said “Don’t worry it is quite safe, just don’t remove the headphones. It is very loud when we are airborne due to the rotors”
“If you don’t hear the loud noise then you need to start worrying. I hope you know how to swim” quipped the co-pilot smiling.
The pilot looked at the co-pilot and nodded his head in disbelief.
“What? I am being serious” replied the co-pilot and continued his pre-flight checks.
They were quickly airborne and on their way. The helicopter banked and dove its way through the air with the pilots trying to keep the ride smooth and steady. It was a bit unnerving at first for Aditya in the helicopter but as they climbed higher, he became more comfortable. From the glass door windows, he could see the vast city of Surat with skyscrapers and road traffic. Everything started looking like Lego houses and Matchbox cars.
Their flight took them across the Tapi River towards Hazira. From a distance, Aditya could see the Hazira port with multiple container ships berthed next to each other. After that there was just the vast emptiness of the Arabian Sea. The helicopter turned right and flew north. After flying for around 10 minutes over the Gulf of Khambhat he saw an outline of a navy ship anchored close to the shore.
The helicopter descended as it flew towards the ship. The ship was painted haze grey and classification number on the port side of the ship said “J21”. The pilot carefully landed the helicopter on the helipad at the back of the ship. As soon as it touched down the helipad, a couple of crewmen came and quickly secured it on the deck with tie-down chains.
The door opened and one of the crewmen saluted the Major and Aditya and said
“Welcome on-board INS Thakshak”

 
Chapter 4

Aditya had never been on a ship before but instantly felt at home. The ship was buzzing with activity. The crewman asked them to follow him, after a quick flight down steel stairs they followed the crewman inside the ship. 
INS Thakshak is a hydrographic survey ship in the Indian Navy. Indigenously designed and constructed by Goa Shipyard, the ship is one of 7 active survey ships of the Indian Navy. With its next-generation surveying systems, the ships are designed to undertake both shallow and deep oceanic hydrographic survey to produce digital navigational charts for the Indian Navy. These ships also support archaeological discovery and were equipped with multiple remote-operated underwater vehicles. The ship was armed with a single Bofors 40 mm gun for self-defence.
The commander of the ship was Captain Manvendra Singh. An alumnus of the Marine Engineering & Research Institute at Kolkata, Manvendra Singh had joined the Indian Navy immediately after graduating. Over the next two decades, he grew to the ranks and is now the captain of the survey ship. 
The crewman guided them through a couple of narrow passageways within the ship. The width of the passageway was small and at a time only one person could walk through it. If someone comes from the other side both would have turn sideways and pass each other. After a couple of turns which Aditya quickly forgot they reached a cabin at the end of a passageway. 
“Captain’s quarter” said the crewman and knocked at the door. 
“Come in” said a voice within the cabin. 
Dhruv opened the door and both of the entered the cabin. The crewman closed the door behind them. 
The cabin was small about the size of a small living room. The room looked quite spartan, there was a work desk which was bolted to the floor across which the captain was seated. A sleeping bunk on which the captain would sleep which was now folded. A foldable sink and a small door next to it which Aditya assumed was the captain’s private bathroom.
“Major Dhruv Singh and Aditya Kumar reporting Sir” said Dhruv in attention.
The captain gestured them to the two small chairs across him, the chairs were also bolted to the bulkhead on the ground. 
“An interesting mission, wouldn’t you say” he said to both of them. 
“Got new instructions from the western naval command an hour back.” he said handing over a printed piece of paper to Dhruv who read it quickly and handed it over to Aditya. 
It was a message from Flag Officer Commanding Western Fleet (FOCWF) to the captain stating the mission objective which was to secure the shipwreck they found and search for other shipwrecks in the region. It also stated that they would be joined by Major Dhruv and a civilian today followed by two more from the Navy Special Forces unit coming from INS Abhimanyu. 
“Navy special forces?” asked Aditya
“It would be someone from MARCOS” replied the captain. 
MARCOS is the Marine Commando Force unit of the Indian Navy created for conducting special operations. They are specifically organised, trained and equipped for the conduct of special operations in a maritime environment. With approximately only two people getting selected out of hundred after their rigorous training program, the MARCOS unit is well recognised as one of the top Special Forces units across the world. INS Abhimanyu is one of MARCOS training centres near Uran off the coast of Mumbai. 
 “It’s a rarity that MARCOS is deployed on a survey ship, are you expecting some trouble during the search for the ship wreck.” asked the captain.
“I don’t know Sir” replied Dhruv
“Major, if there is an expected danger to this ship and its personnel I need to know. As you are aware, we are a survey ship with limited defence capabilities” said the captain visibly upset and a bit angry. 
He placed his hands on the table, leaned forward and stared hard at Dhruv, whose calm features hid any emotion he might feel.
“I will definitely keep you apprised of any more information that I get about this mission Sir. The only thing I know is that the discovery and excavation of these ships are of utmost importance to the Nation and the defence minister is personally overseeing it” replied a calm Dhruv. 
There was a silence in the room and one could sense the tension in the air. The captain spoke finally.
“Ok then, the crewman outside will show you to the quarters. We meet tomorrow at nine in the morning and hopefully the commandos would have arrived by that time” 
Both of them stood up, thanked the captain and closed the door as they exited the cabin. The crewman was standing outside in attention when they came out. 
“Follow me Sir” said the crewman and again started walking down the narrow passageway. They followed him down into the lower deck of the ship and towards the stern. The crewman stopped at in front of a cabin and opened its door. The room was almost the same size of the captain’s quarter but had four bunk beds bolted to the bulkhead, two on top of each other on either side of the room. There was no sink nor any private bathroom in the quarters. 
Sensing Aditya’s predicament, the crewman said “The showers are straight ahead and right. The mess hall is on the upper deck. Dinner is served at 7pm, Breakfast is at 6am and Lunch at 12noon”.  He walked outside and closed the door behind him. 
Aditya just lied down on one of the lower bunks. He looked at his watch there was still an hour and half for dinner. He was tired and exhausted from the multiple journeys that he had taken today. Finally, it seems that he was going to be in one place for some time. 
“I am going to the radio room now. I need to speak to my wife and keep her apprised that I might not be home sometime soon” said Dhruv smiling. This was the first time Dhruv mentioned anything about his personal life. Aditya just nodded and remained lied down on the bunk. The Major went out and closed the door. In spite of the small size of the bunk bed exhaustion quickly overtook Aditya and he fell into a sound sleep. 
He woke up to the sound of people speaking in the cabin and saw Dhruv talking to two men in blue overalls. He got up and sat on the bunk bed. Dhruv saw him getting up and said “Aditya, meet Ajay Bakshi and Francis Dias from Special Unit Forces, we were introducing ourselves. Gentlemen this is Aditya Kumar our expert in the excavation mission.” 
They were an unusual pair. Francis was huge at more than six feet and built like a gorilla. He had a bald head, thick-limbed and his arms were probably as broad as Aditya’s thighs. On the other hand, Ajay was about Aditya’s height at around five feet ten inches. His hair trimmed short that one generally sees with armed forces. His body looked lean yet muscular. He said “Hello” to both of them.
Ajay looked at Aditya and spoke “I was just telling the Major that is an unusual mission for us, generally we know what we are expected to do but, in this case, we were just told to pack our gear, arrive at INS Thakshak and follow the Major’s order” 
“Yes, we didn’t know what was expected so we packed everything, the chief mate did not look very happy with the amount of gear we bought onboard” said Francis. 
“How did you arrive onboard?” asked Aditya curiously. He was unfamiliar with the armed forces terminology and their procedures”
“We took a Sea King off our base at Uran and got dropped near the ship” said Francis
“Dropped?” 
“What he means that we jumped overboard the helicopter in the water with our gear and got picked up by the ship” said Ajay.
“Why did you just land on the ship like us?” curiously asked Aditya. 
“The ship has only one helo deck and the Chetak was secured on it so the Sea King could not land. We always pack our gear in a waterproof dry bag in case of a situation like these. The ship’s RHIB then picked us from the water” replied Ajay. 
“What is a RHIB?” 
This time Dhruv spoke “It is an inflatable boat with an outboard motor, let's continue this discussion later. I know you are curious and have a lot of questions Aditya, let's have dinner and then we can talk.” 
He then handed over a bag to Aditya which had a blue overall, socks, pair of shoes and other toiletries in it and said “Why don’t you freshen up and meet us at the mess hall” 
Aditya took the bag and started walking towards the shower room. The shower room was the size of his living room and empty. It had 2 showers, 4 toilets and 4 sinks. Aditya entered one of the shower room, instead of shower knob there was a small steel button. He let the water run through his body for a couple of minutes, soaped himself up and rinsed it down with water. He silently cursed himself when he realised that they were no towels in the shower room and he was expected to get one from the cabin. He used his existing shirt to wipe himself and then put the overall on. After exiting the shower, he walked back to the cabin and put his civilian clothes and shoes in the locker next to his bunk. 
He then started to walk towards the mess hall on the upper deck. He met a lot of crewmen and officers during his way to the mess hall. Almost all of them nodded and smiled at him, he was sure they were surprised to see a civilian on board but did not show it. The mess hall looked like his old college canteen with food spread at one end of the room like a buffet. He picked up a plate and stood in line to be served along with hungry sailors. The food was basic Indian diet of rice, roti, dal and sabzi with salad. He then took his plate and walked to the table where Dhruv, Ajay and Francis were seated and sat next to Ajay. 
“The food is good but no dessert” said Francis with a mouthful. Ajay added “Desserts are served only one day in a week, I checked with the cook and it is served on Wednesday’s only.” 
During the course of their dinner, Dhruv asked them about the equipment and weapons they had carried. 
“We have packed two each of HK MP5, Beretta, APS Underwater Rifle, HK PSG1 Sniper rifle and couple of kilos of SEMTEX 90” said Francis
“That is a lot of gear.” said Dhruv
“And not to miss two light DPD” added Ajay.
“What is a DPD?” asked Aditya looking at the others. 
“It’s called a diver propulsion device, basically it is a motor which runs on battery and enables the divers to travel fast underwater” explained Dhruv. 
“Major you do know your stuff” said Francis sounding impressed. 
“I am with AFSOD and have been temporarily assigned on this mission” he then turned towards Aditya and said “AFSOD is special forces division made up of commandos from all the three services of the Indian Armed Forces” 
“Do we need all these weapons?” asked Aditya
“Maybe not but there is no harm in being prepared. Like we said we were never told about the nature of the mission” said Ajay “which reminds me what exactly are we doing here” he added.
Aditya looked at Dhruv who then started to explain about the gold coin and its possible relation to the Battle of Kalyan. He skipped the part of the secret weapon rumour. 
“Wow, I love treasure hunts. If we find more gold coins can we take one back as souvenirs” quipped Francis smiling. 
Dhruv smiled back well knowing that Francis was joking. He yawned and said “Let’s call it a night gentleman” 
“I will join you a bit later, I need to take some fresh air. I am not used to the enclosed environment of the ship” said Aditya
“No problem, just don’t make it a long night, we have an early start tomorrow” said Dhruv getting up from his chair. Both Ajay and Francis followed him out of the mess hall but not before putting their plates in the rack. 
Aditya stayed back for some time, he looked around the mess hall which was getting empty now. He didn’t know whether people went to sleep or back to their duties. He got up, put his plate in the rack and walked out of the mess hall. Unlike before the passageway was empty, he reached the main deck of the ship and closed the hatch behind him. 
The night was calm and there was no one on the deck. He could see light coming from the bridge window on the upper deck. He walked towards the side of the deck and held the life line. The weather was a bit cold and his body gave an involuntary shudder, he rubbed his palms together to generate some heat and looked upwards toward the sky. There was no moon and all he could see were stars in the stillness of the night. 
He didn’t realize the passing of the time until a crewman approached him and asked “Sir, do you need anything?”
“No, thank you. I was just going back inside to sleep” replied Aditya.
Back in his cabin, he tiptoed to his bunk and lied down. The room was already filled with light snores coming from Francis. 
He closed his eyes and muttered to himself “Tomorrow is going to be an interesting day”
 

Chapter 5

When Aditya woke up the next morning, he could not for some time make out where he was and what was expected of him. Then things came back slowly to him and realisation dawned about him onboard the ship. He looked around and found the rest of them still sleeping. A look at his watch told him that it was almost six. He got up from his bunk and pulled out the bag along a fresh towel from the locker beside his bunk and quietly moved out of the cabin. 
The shower room was full at this time of the day and Aditya had to wait for some time before he got a chance to complete his morning ritual. He checked with one of the officers on how to do laundry and was guided to the laundry room a deck below. There the crew took the bag and wrote the name on it without mentioning when he would get it back. 
The mess hall was busy at this time, he stood in the line for the food and was aware of the curious look people were giving him. He could see around the crew chatting with each other smiling. There was a definite feel-good vibe prevalent around. Breakfast on the ship is generally always the same, the buffet had poha, parathas, corn flakes, egg omelette with bread and fruits. He chose corn flakes with milk and picked up a banana before walking towards an empty seat at the corner of the mess hall. He always liked to eat alone and never enjoyed any company during his meals. Yesterday was one of the few occasions that he was with someone during his meals. He finished his breakfast, put the plate in the rack and went out of the mess hall. There was still time before the meeting with the captain, so he decided against going back to the cabin and went ahead to explore the ship. 
He walked across different passageways and met a lot of crew members, each of whom smiled as they passed him. While he was exploring the lower deck, he saw a couple of crew members coming from the other side who looked that they had been exercising and was immediately curious to check whether the ship had a gym. He asked them about the gym who confirmed its existence and gave him the direction.  A couple of turns ahead and he saw himself standing in front of the ship’s gym. There is generally not a lot of extra space on navy ships, the gym was small, almost double the size of the cabin where they bunked. It had basic weights and cardio equipment, there were still around ten people in that room doing various form of exercise. 
He made a mental note to come back later in the day for a round of exercise. He further explored the ship and found a small recreation room which had an LED TV and a DVD player with some DVDs in a rack most of Bollywood hit movies. There were a couple of books as well stacked in a corner. 
Aditya then decided to go back to the cabin to regroup with the others. As he reached the cabin he saw Dhruv, Ajay and Francis were just about to leave and were closing the door. 
“You are finally back, we were about to send a search party for you. Ajay thought you went overboard” said Francis jokingly. 
“Its time, let’s not keep the captain waiting. We need to be at the operations room” said Dhruv. All of them followed his lead to the upper deck. 
The operations room aboard navy ships is generally below the bridge which helps quickly to co-ordinate with the captain or the first officer. There was a crewman posted outside the door when the group reached the centre. He then allowed them to enter the room. While there is air-conditioning in the entire ship it was unusually cold in the operations room. There was a slight humming noise coming from the various electronics equipment in the place. 
The operations room is the nerve centre of any navy ship. On a combat ship, this is the place where the primary battle is fought. Generally, there are separate designated teams to look air, surface and underwater targets. Each of them coordinating with each other on the incoming reports from various radars, sonar or radio. They would then decide which weapons to choose to fire at the targets. The actual weapons on navy ships are fired from here.  
The management of the combat zone in the operations room is generally divided on consoles with screens either showing radar displays or other information of the weapons system. The consoles looks like a video game arcade machine in the 80s and 90s without the noisy music. 
Since INS Thakshak is a survey ship with limited defence capability, there was just one weapons console in the room. The rest of the consoles were various oceanographic sensors, sonars and other equipment to support the primary role of the ship which was the hydrographic survey. 
The captain was already present in the room and when he saw the four men coming he said “Good Morning gentlemen, we are just about to launch the ROV in the water.” 
They greeted the captain back. They gathered around the captain who was looking at a video feed of the ship’s exterior showing the ROV being launched into the sea. 
The ROV or the ROUV (Remote Operated Underwater Vehicle) currently used was a relatively small one around the size of a personal icebox. It was shaped like one and tethered to the ship with a cable. The ROV had two 180-degree cameras and a claw-shaped manipulator at the front which was capable of picking up small objects. This particular ROV had a maximum depth limit of 150 metres. 
The captain said, “The depth of the sea bed is around 40 meters near the wreck before we send the divers, I wanted to double-check the area around the wreck.”
Post the ROV launch the operator changed the display from the external video feed to the one on the ROV. The screen turned bluish-green, the ROV was going down as it was moving forward. They could see small fishes swimming in the sea as the ROV descended. An outline of a shipwreck appeared before them. As the ROV approached, its light illuminated the wreck which was around 10meters long. It looked more like a fishing or a small merchant boat than a Maratha Navy ship. 
Surprisingly the ship was still intact except for its mast which had probably broken and drifted away. 
“Where did you find the coins, Captain?” asked Aditya. 
“The coins were scattered around the bottom of the wreck. We did not find any remains of people on the boat. Probably they must have drowned somewhere else or eaten by the marine life” replied the captain.
“Or they could have sunk the boat deliberately” added Aditya 
“Why would someone sink on purpose a boat full of gold” quizzed Ajay looking at Aditya.
This time Dhruv replied “If they felt that they were being followed and had no where to hide. They could have deliberately sunk the boat with the plan to retrieve later.”
“Captain, can we move the ROV around the boat to explore the surroundings” requested Aditya.
The captain instructed the operator the same, they watched the screen for the next 30 minutes but did not find anything of interest other than a few corals and fishes swimming around. 
 “Captain, how many gold coins did you find?” asked Aditya suddenly.
“We found hundred and four coins so far” replied Aditya.
“That’s too less, the gold you found should not be more than a couple of kilos then” his voice sounded too excited. 
He continued “They wouldn’t have to use the sea if it was just a couple of kilos, a fast rider could have easily taken it with him from Indore. I am positive that it should have been around more than two hundred kilos in total for them even to think to venture into the sea If they thought they were being followed” 
“If you are right, then where is the rest of the gold?” asked Dhruv
“Captain, would you have a map showing the central and western part of India along with the sea.” asked Aditya
“Sure, we have it with the navigation charts on the bridge” replied the captain. 
They followed the captain to the bridge above the operations centre. 
The bridge of a naval ship is the room from which the ship is commanded. It is usually manned by the officer of the watch or the first officer. They are supported by the helm crew who navigates the ship. When the group entered the bridge, it was being manned by the first officer Commander Azim Khan. The captain took them to a console next to the helm. There was a joystick on the helm control rather than a steering wheel which one generally sees in a movie. Since the ship was anchored, the console was not being manned. 
The captain entered some commands in the navigation console and which then showed them the territorial map of Western India along with the Arabian sea. It looked more like a satellite view that one sees on google map. The captain stepped aside and Aditya took control of the console. He zoomed the map to Indore and then started scrolling down towards present-day Kalyan. He then navigated back to a point and moved towards the west towards the Arabian sea and then scrolled down to the end where their ship was anchored. 
“I think I have a theory on why the boat is here and which route the Marathas must have taken.” said Aditya. They could all see the sparkle in his eyes and how excited he was sounding. 
“Go On” replied the captain.
“The fastest way for them was definitely through land across the present-day Choral mountain range towards Maharashtra and then via Nashik to Kalyan. If they had to change their mode of travel from land to sea, the only way was through the Narmada river” showing that junction on the map. “They would have probably used wooden rafts to travel with the flow of the river on their way to Baruch. Probably changed their cargo to ships or boats from Baruch and travelled down to the Arabian sea via the Gulf of Khambhat.”
“While this makes sense why would they take sea route which is longer and dangerous rather than try to evade the Mughals on land.” asked Ajay
Aditya replied “For the Mughals, their navy was their weakest and poorest branch of the military. They did maintain small warships which were primarily used to control piracy and use it as transport ship rather than used in a war. On the other hand, the Maratha navy was a powerful force on the west and some might argue that they were stronger than the Portuguese as well during that time. The Mughal would have never taken on the Marathas at sea. In fact, the first Naval ship was built at Kalyan” 
He then added “So if I was being chased at that time, it would have made sense for me to travel the sea route where the chances of being followed by the Mughals were slim”
“If that is the case then why to sink the boat on purpose” quizzed Francis this time
“I think the boat was a decoy, they must have moved most of their cargo on a fast Maratha navy ship with the small boat following them in case they were followed. The small boat would have acted as a distraction for the Mughals paving the way for a safe route for the bigger ship”
“Well it does make sense to me” replied the captain. “So, Aditya what’s next?” asked the captain
Aditya felt a thrilling chase through him, this was the first time he knew where they needed to go next. “Sir, I think we should assume that the theory is correct and try to find if there is a shipwreck on route to Mumbai. My presumption is that since the gold never reached the Marathas, it would have probably been lost at sea or maybe on land near Mumbai.”
“Or maybe the Mughals found the ship and got hold of the gold.” said Ajay
“I doubt it, see there is no mention of this in any of history books or archives. A cache of such a large quantity of gold would definitely be mentioned somewhere. The Mughals were quite arrogant and would have bragged about this everywhere.” 
They were interrupted with a sound coming for the comms speaker. “Ops to Captain, Sir we have a possible malfunction with the ROV, it has gone dark.”
The captain pressed a button on the comms panel attached to the bulkhead and said “Pull it up, I will be on the main deck.” 
All of them followed the captain who hurried off the bridge to a steel ladder down the main deck. They could see a couple of crewmen working on a cargo winch to pull the ROV out of the water under the watchful eye of the Chief Petty Officer.
The group walked towards the petty officer who acknowledged their arrival. He leaned closer to the captain and said “Sir, there is definitely a problem.”
“What is it chief?” asked the captain.
“The winch is rotating faster, the ROV is either damaged or has been disconnected from the tether” replied the chief.
The captain walked towards the winch, which was winding the tether wire on the drum. All of them were waiting anxiously for the ROV to be pulled up. The drum was almost full and the ROV would be up in any second. 
A gasp arose from all of them.
There was no ROV attached to the tether, the captain moved closer to the tether and pick up the end of the tether. It seemed that the ROV was deliberately cut off from the tether with a plier. The cut was too clean to be natural. 
He turned towards commandos and said, “I want you in the water ASAP and be prepared for possible hostiles in the water.”
 

Chapter 6

Both Ajay and Francis hurried to the storeroom to unpack their gear and get ready to dive. In the meantime, the captain went back to the bridge and ordered to the First Officer “Sound General Quarters and pull up the anchor” 
The first officer went to the comms panel and pressed a red button and spoke through the panel “General Quarters, General Quarters. This is not a drill.” 
Suddenly alarm klaxons sounded across the ship, and the rotating red lights warned everyone about general quarters. All watertight doors were closed and dogged down as they would be in combat. The air in the bridge suddenly became tense, and everyone seemed alert. 
The captain and the first officer sat in their respective chairs. The captain picked up the comms receiver next to his console and said: “Ops, this is the captain, go active sonar and tell me if there is something or someone in the water.” 
“Yes Sir” came back the reply 
Just a minute after he kept his receiver down, it rang back again. As soon as the captain picked it up, the voice on the other side said “Captain, this is Ops, we have a possible bogey in the water. It looks like a submersible.” 
The captain replied, “Patch me to the divers.”
Ajay and Francis just finished suiting up and were about to dive when they heard a crackling sound on their earpiece and the captain’s voice “We have a possible bogey in the water, looks like a submersible. Be alert and keep this channel on at all times. Good Luck” 
“Yes Sir understood” replied Ajay in his mouthpiece. 
Back on the deck, Ajay gave a thumbs-up sign to the crew who were helping them with the dive suit. Both the commandos adjusted the bezel on their wrist compass, which now pointed to the direction of the wreck. Ajay and Francis put the mouthpiece of their rebreather and descended into the water.  Both of them were wearing a full-face mask which allowed them to communicate underwater.  The crew then handed them an APS Underwater Rifle each which they strapped to their back and then gave them a black colour DPD each. 
The DPD was a conical-shaped device about 2 feet long with an electrical fan on one end and two handles on the side. Both the divers submerged and then switched on their DPDs. They then swam towards the wreck as they descended. The wreck was around 500 meters away from the boat. Since they were using a Rebreather, no bubbles were coming out while they there breathing. 
Unlike a regular oxygen tank that most people use during recreational scuba diving, a Rebreather recirculates the breathing gas after replacing oxygen and removing the carbon dioxide metabolic product. The key advantages of using a rebreather is prolonged gas endurance and lack of bubbles which helps the commandos to stay underwater for an extended time without being detected.
Both of them had a dive knife attached to a sheath on the back of his wrist, the DPD light was illuminating the path ahead. Approximately fifty meters from the wreck, Francis signalled Ajay to switch off the DPD and use their diving fins for swimming forward. The sound of the DPD motorised fan could give away their position to the hostile. 
Back at the bridge, first officer Khan said to the captain “Sonar reports that the bogey is still there in the water around two clicks away from the wreck and it seems it is making a search pattern.”
This worried Dhruv, someone was looking around the wreck for something which meant that their mission was compromised. The captain looked at Dhruv and his expression said the same thing. He spoke to the divers through the receiver “Be advised, the bogey is two clicks away from the wreck and is following a search pattern.” 
Francis replied “Understood.” 
Both of the divers reached the wreck which was in the same position as they had seen it, earlier through the ROV’s camera. Ajay signalled Francis towards his right, and both of them could see the ROV on the sea bed. 
“Captain, we see the ROV, it looks alright except that the electrical tether has been cut,” said Ajay in his mouthpiece.
In the meantime, Francis had swum towards the wreck and started examining it closely. 
“Fuck… ” he screamed, “There is some kind of remote-controlled explosive attached to the bow.”
“Get the hell out of there double-time” screamed the captain on the comms receiver. Both of them switched on the DPD and swam towards the ship. They must have swum just thirty meters when they were rocked by an explosion. 
The concussion through the water stabbed their ears and slammed the air out of them. Suddenly due to the silt-out, the underwater visibility rapidly reduced to zero caused by the explosion.
 “Captain this is sonar, there has been an explosion in the water.” 
“Dive team report” yelled the captain on the receiver. The bridge was suddenly quiet, everyone around was anxious and deep down feared the worst for Ajay and Francis. 
After a few seconds which seemed like hours, they heard a small cough “We are all right captain, the boat was rigged with an explosive device which ….” 
Before Ajay could finish the sentence, he yelled out a big cry of pain. A spear harpoon grazed through his wet suit, making a deep cut in his skin. Blood oozed from his body and began to spread in a cloud.
Francis was quick to see the spear and immediately took out his gun out which was strapped to its back and fired in the direction where the spear came from. 
Meanwhile, Ajay swam upwards towards the surface, he was in deep pain, but he was lucky that the spear did not pierce his body but just grazed it. 
On the ship, the captain was issuing orders “Send the RHIB with the medkit quickly.” 
The silt started to settle in, and Francis could see a cloud of blood towards the direction of his fire. Someone was definitely hurt or killed. From the corner of his face mask, he could see Ajay swimming towards the surface. 
The magazine of his APS rifle held 26 rounds; Francis guessed that he must have fired at least ten rounds during the initial attack. He just had one extra magazine strapped to his waist and made a mental note that he needs to optimise his fire so that each round counts since he was not aware of the number of the hostile divers. 
He quietly ascended a couple of meters upwards to be in a tactical position. As the silt settled more, he saw a dark shadow of a diver below him searching. No bubbles in the water meant that the hostile was also using a Rebreather. He quietly swam behind the diver and put his strong arms around the hostile’s neck and stuck his divers’ knife in it. The diver choked and writhed, he attempted to flee to the surface, but Francis dispatched him with brutal efficiency.
Francis kicked his form away and again quietly swam upwards, waiting for his next target. 
Meanwhile, on the ship, the RHIB was lowered in the water with 2 navy crewmen along with a medical person. The RHIB then sped towards the direction of the wreck. 
“Captain, I see one of the divers on the surface. He looks hurt” said one of the divers in his mouthpiece.  They reached Ajay who had removed his face mask by then and was breathing heavily. The crewmen pulled him on the boat, blood was oozing heavily from the cut. The medical personal quickly cut out a part of the wetsuit fully exposing the wound. 
He examined the cut and said “This is going to sting” and applied a copious amount of disinfectant. 
Ajay clenched his teeth and gave out a gasp of pain as the disinfectant touched his body. The medical personal then applied a medicated gauze bandage on the wound and said to Ajay “please keep the pressure on the wound, Sir.”
He then spoke in his mouthpiece “Sir, the commando is going to be ok but will need stitches. Do you want us to come back or stay here?” 
“Is there an immediate danger to the commando?” asked the captain. 
“No, Sir.” replied the crewman. 
“Then stay there and wait for the other”
Inside the water, Francis was quietly keeping a lookout for any more hostiles. His finger was on the trigger, and he could feel the adrenaline coursing through his veins. The slit had settled entirely in, but he did not dare to light his flashlight. Since they were in the gulf rather than deep sea, the visibility was limited to a few meters only. Even with such low visibility, the light from the flashlight would stick out a sore thumb making him an easy target. 
The receiver rang again next to the captain.  “Captain this is Ops, bogey is almost three clicks away from the wreck and is now moving towards Saurashtra.” 
“Keep me posted if there is any change in the direction” replied the captain. 
He then punched a number and spoke: “Dive team be advised that the bogey is moving away towards Saurashtra.” 
“Understood captain” replied Francis “Its means I can pee now” he sounded relieved. Everyone across the room smiled and the tension eased a bit. He then added, “How is Ajay, is he going to be alright.”
“Ajay is fine, he would need stitches, but otherwise he is good” replied the captain
“Do you want me to stay here longer or come back on the top?” asked Francis
Dhruv leaned towards the captain and said: “Captain, it would be prudent if we find out what they were searching in the water other than the wreck.”
The captain thought for a moment he didn’t sense any immediate danger for the commando but did not want to take an unnecessary risk.
“Hold on Francis,” said the captain and dialled Ops again “Is the submersible still moving towards Saurashtra.” asked the captain
“Yes Sir, it has not changed direction, and it will be out of our sonar range in another ten minutes.” 
The captained dialled back again “Francis, the bogey is still moving towards Saurashtra. Can you check what they were searching for?” 
“Sure, Captain,” said Francis. He strapped his rifle back, started the DPD and began swimming towards the direction of his original fire. With the DPD back on, he was covering the distance quite fast and almost covered two km in fifteen minutes.  
“Captain, I am here at the original submersible site, proceeding with an expanding square search pattern” said Francis
“What is an expanding square search pattern?” asked Aditya on the bridge
The first officer replied “It is basically used when searching for persons or objects in the water. You start with the centre and start searching following a square formation outward.”
“Thanks,” said Aditya. He quickly understood the importance and simplicity of this particular search pattern.  
In the water, Francis was executing a search pattern carefully. He saw a shadow of a huge fish swimming on his port side. Immediately he took his gun out, and his fingers tightened around the trigger. He could see the fish swimming towards him with its mouth opened. Just when he was about to fire, he realised that the huge fish was a whale shark. His fingers relaxed, and he strapped the gun on his back. 
The whale shark was massive more than five meters long, Francis knew that the whale shark is a filter feeder and did not possess any risk to him. He allowed the whale shark to swim forward in the opposite direction of himself. When the whale shark was out of sight, Francis went back to his search pattern. Around five minutes later, he saw the body of a diver next to what appeared to be a ship’s mast. 
He swam closer to examine and saw a couple of bullet holes from where blood was still coming out. Now he knew that his earlier fire had hit the mark, it seemed that the diver was left behind by the other members to die when they found out that he was hit by bullets. 
“Found a body of one of the hostiles, there is also pieces of wooden mast nearby. Going to examine it now.” 
The mast would have been around ten meters long, and it still had shreds of the sail and ropes attached to the pieces of wood. Francis went closer to a portion of the mast to examine it. There were no visible markings on it, he tried to lift it, but it was heavy.  He swam towards another piece of the mast which was probably connected to the hull of the wreck when it broke away. He tried to lift it, this piece was a bit lighter than the other and Francis managed to lift it a couple of feet high. 
He noticed that the mast was hollow and about a couple of feet from the bottom, there was a small octagon-shaped engraving with letters written in it. The letters were too small and smudged to decipher anything out of it. It looked like some kind of seal. 
He quickly swam to the other pieces and tried to look for any visible markings on it. There were none, he swam back to the bottom hollow portion and said on the mouthpiece.
“Captain, I am at the mast, it’s broken into four pieces, and one of them is hollow. There is a small octagon-shaped engraving on it”
“Can you read it?” asked Aditya.
“No, the visibility is low, and the markings look smudged. We will have to bring it, topside” replied Francis.
“Ok Francis, why don’t you come back. We will figure it how to bring the mast pieces onboard. The RHIB is already there two clicks in the direction of the ship” said the captain 
Francis looked at the body one last time and swam up towards the surface.
 

Chapter 7

Francis reached the surface quickly and looked around. He could see the RHIB around two clicks on his left and started to swim towards it. Onboard the RHIB, Ajay was looking a bit pale and exhausted, he had lost some blood, and the pain was still there. The medical personal had given him a pain killer which helped a bit. 
“There he is,” said one of the crewmen and started the RHIB towards him. After a few minutes, they reached Francis, who definitely looked tired. It took all the three personnel to pull him up the RHIB. Once on board, he asked “Do you have anything to eat? I am hungry.”
The medical personnel nodded sideways and handed him a bottle of water. He took a few gulps which nearly emptied the bottle and looked at Ajay and said “You look like crap, but I am glad you are Ok. The SOB who fired on you is gone” said Francis running a finger across his neck. 
Back on the bridge, the first officer reported “The RHIB is back Sir, and both the commandos are being taken to sickbay.”
“Thank you, Azim, maintain general quarters and tell Ops to continue monitoring sonar. If they are back, I need to know ASAP. I will be in my cabin briefing the FOCWF. Let’s have a debrief at 3pm in the officer’s wardroom.” said the captain and walked away from the bridge. 
Dhruv signalled Aditya to follow him, they took the ladder to the below deck to get off the bridge. Once outside he said “Let's check out the boys in the sickbay” 
The sickbay on INS Thakshak is located on the starboard side one deck below the main deck. When both of them entered sickbay, the doctor was giving sutures to Ajay who was lying down a med bed. The room was the size of a living room and had two medical beds and other medical equipment. The sickbay onboard a naval ship is fully set up for everything from treating cuts and bruises to minor surgery. It is also used for conducting health and maintenance checks of all ship’s company. 
Francis was nowhere to be seen in the cabin. When the doctor completed the sutures, Ajay got up and sat on the bed. “How are you feeling?” asked Aditya
“Just a cut, I have seen worse” replied Ajay
“Where is Francis?” asked Dhruv
“He was here sometime back, maybe he has gone to change?” 
“I am here,” said the voice behind them.
Francis had removed his wet suit halfway till his waist and was eating a banana. He had three more in his other hand. “Want some?” offering them both.
Both of them nodded sideways to indicate no. 
Dhruv added, “There is a debrief at 3pm in the officer's wardroom, would you be alright to attend.”
“Sure, this is just a cut, the doctor here says it should heal within two weeks, and I can back at work as long I don’t dive till the time the wound heals completely.”
The doctor helped him out of bed, and he started walking towards them. “Let's go, I need to get out of these” Ajay said, pointing to his wet suit. 
All of them went to the cargo hold where Ajay and Francis had their gear stored. They removed their wet suit and packed it back. Then they put their overall back on.
Francis asked “Now what?”
“Let’s have lunch. I am sure all of us our hungry,” said Dhruv and everyone nodded.
They walked back to the mess hall; it was almost full. When they entered, they got appreciative nods from the crew, it seems that Francis and Ajay’s heroic has gotten around. 
“It seems the boys around here have not seen much action; I am going to charge for autographs and selfies. I need money for my marriage” said Francis smiling. 
“Congrats, when is your wedding?” asked Aditya
“Don’t listen to him, he has been planning it for the last three years” interjected Ajay “I think his fiancé has also left him.”
“No, she has not” growled Francis at Ajay
There was a moment of silence, and all of them laughed. They picked up lunch from the buffet and looked around for an empty table. Dhruv pointed them towards the corner of the mess hall, and all of them walked towards the table to sit. 
“So, what’s your thoughts on the hollow portion and the seal,” asked Francis between a mouthful. 
“I think, the hollow in the mast was used to store something and …” before Aditya finished Dhruv stopped him and said “Let's discuss this in the debrief” and then added, “we have a possible leak somewhere.” 
All of them nodded and went back to eating their food. 
Once finished, Ajay said that he wanted to lie down a bit and he along with Francis left for their quarters. 
Both Dhruv and Aditya sat back and were lost in their own thoughts. The chatter became less and less and eventually, there was zero silence in the mess hall. 
Dhruv suddenly realised that they were the only ones in the mess hall. A wall clock on the showed him the time that they had ten minutes left for the meeting. 
“Let's go, it is nearly time,” he said to Aditya and got up. The captain and the first officer were already present when they reached the wardroom and were having a quiet conversation at the corner.
The wardroom is a compartment which provides a place of recreation or mess dining room for commissioned officers aboard a navy ship. In smaller vessels, it also substitutes as a meeting room for the senior officers on board. A small table was set up with six chairs at the centre of the room. Both of them greeted the captain and the first officer. The captain sat in the chair, and the rest followed suit. At that time, Ajay and Francis entered the room. Ajay shut the door behind them, and they sat in the remaining chairs.
The captain spoke first “How are you feeling?” looking at Ajay
“I am good Sir, the doctor patched me up well.” 
“Good, now to the order of business. If you could report what happened”
Francis looked at Dhruv and started “Sir we proceeded to the wreck as ordered, the ROV was on the sea bed near the wreck. While Ajay was talking to you, I swam towards the wreck. That’s where I saw the explosive attached to the bow. I didn’t get a chance to examine it thoroughly, but it looked like some kind of plastic explosive” he paused waiting for questions from the others. 
“Go on,” said the captain.
“After the explosion, Ajay got hit by the spear. I fired in the direction from where the spear came. The hostile was hit, and I found the body near the mast. There was another hostile in the water to which I took care of. After your orders, I proceeded to submersible position and started an expanding square search where I found the pieces of the mast. I found an octagon-shaped engraving on one of the mast pieces which was hollow inside and it was empty.”
“Any idea what the octagon-shaped would be and the reason for the mast being hollow” asked the captain looking at Aditya
“I was thinking about it Sir and my assumption is that it could be the royal Maratha seal which was octagonal in shape. The hollow mast could be used to hide something” he then added “I can only be sure once I see it”
Dhruv then said, “Sir, I think whoever they were, they were after something that was hidden in the mast.”
“I agree, and now they have it” replied the captain. He then looked at Aditya and asked “Any idea what would have been in the mast?”
“Could be hidden message or instructions, I am assuming that the mast was not too thick” he replied
“You are right, it was less than a foot in diameter” replied Francis.
“So whatever was there in the mast is long gone with whoever they were” said Ajay who looked visibly disappointed. 
“Captain, can we get their bodies back on the ship and we can try to identify them from their fingerprints or run a facial recognition” said Dhruv
“Yes, we are going to that. I have orders from FOCWF to salvage the wreck or whatever is remaining of it now. We will be joined by a Kamorta class corvette by tomorrow evening which has anti-submarine capabilities in case our friends come back” replied the captain
“Whoever they were they are definitely professionals either a private front or from our friends on the west” replied Ajay
“I think they are private, our friends on the west wouldn’t risk coming so much inside our territorial waters” said Dhruv
“I agree with the Major, our sonar lost them when they were moving towards land near Saurashtra” said first officer Khan
The captain looked at all of them and said “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves and assume. Hopefully, we can identify them and will have something in our databases.” 
All of them nodded, looking at the captain. 
“Captain, is it possible for us to be back on the shore after we examine the mast pieces. There is nothing much we can do aboard the ship” said Dhruv
“I will leave it to your discretion, Major. We will prioritize the salvage of the mast pieces first” the captain and looked at the first officer who said, “we should have it onboard by evening”. 
The captain looked around and said “Is there anything else”, after no response he said “Ok then dismiss.” 
Aditya, Dhruv, Francis and Ajay got up and went out of the room. They had nothing else to do, the salvage of the wreck including the mast, would be brought onboard by evening. They heard the hum of the ship’s engine starting, and after a few movements the ship began to move. Now knowing that the captain must have ordered the ship to be moved closer to the mast pieces in the water for them to bring it on board the ship. 
Dhruv started his way back to their cabin, and the rest followed him. As they entered Ajay lied down on the lower bunk and said “I am going to take a nap” 
“Me too” said Francis and climbed on the bunk above. Within minutes both Dhruv and Aditya could hear light snores coming from the MARCOS commandos. 
“I have been thinking and have some questions” said Dhruv sitting next to Aditya on the bunk
“Sure”
“Let’s assume that your theory that the wreck was a decoy is correct then where do you think the ship with the real gold went next.” 
Aditya thought for a moment and said “It is very difficult to point where they went next, they could have gone to anywhere Arnala, Mumbai, Sindhudurg.” 
“But wouldn’t a navy ship have a port call somewhere assuming it was a Maratha navy ship.”
“Ideally yes but I said there could be anywhere” replied Aditya
“Wouldn’t there be any records or logs somewhere?” said Dhruv still persisting
Suddenly Aditya tapped his head in the back and said excitedly “You know what Major, you are correct. A couple of years back an archaeology team found some Maratha navy logbook in the Arnala Fort which is near Mumbai. The logs were then sent to be digitized and to be preserved at the Maharashtra State Archive in Mumbai.” 
“The logs could have an entry of our missing ship; it is a long shot but still worth a try” added Dhruv
“I agree, we don’t have any other clue to move forward.” said Aditya
“Let me speak to Captain and also arrange for our transport to Mumbai. I also need to brief the minister about today’s activities, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she is already aware” said Dhruv getting up and walked out of the door. 
Aditya lied down on the bunk, he glanced at the two commandos who were fast asleep and closed his eyes. 
The buzz of the intercom in their cabin woke all of them. Francis jumped from his bunked and pressed the button. “Francis this side.”
The first officer’s voice said, “The mast pieces have been salvaged and it is on the main deck.”
“Thank you Sir. We would be there right away” replied Francis.
He nodded to both Aditya and Ajay who got up and all of them walked to the main deck. 
The main deck was lit this time. The hull pieces were on an aluminium table next to a hydraulic crane which was bolted to the hull. The captain and Dhruv were already there and were examining the remnants of the mast. 
Francis approached one of the pieces and showed them the engraving.
Aditya came forward and looked at the mast piece which  was around five feet long around ten inches in diameter. The engraving was a couple of feet higher from the bottom of the mast. It was octagonal in shape and most of the letters were smudged beyond recognition. The writing was Sanskrit and the only word that Aditya could recognise was “Chandra”.
Everyone around the table was expectedly looking at Aditya eager to hear about it. 
“This is definitely the royal seal of Shivaji Maharaj” he then went to explain “Most of the royal Maratha seals before Shivaji were written in Persian. Shivaji started the trend of making his seal in Sanskrit which was also emulated by his descendants and officials.”
He closed his eyes, collecting his thought and said “Ever increasing like the crescent moon, the kingdom of Shivaji son of Shahji will seek the welfare of the people.” 
He opened his eyes to the astonished faces of everyone and said “That’s the meaning of the seal.”
“Wow! You are like a walking talking Wikipedia” said Francis who was impressed with Aditya’s knowledge of history
“Any idea on why the mast would be hollow” asked Dhruv 
The crease deepened between Aditya’s brows. “I am not sure, the size of the hollow would suggest that it used to hide a small cylinder-like shape, maybe a parchment.” 
“Thank you for your inputs,” said the captain to Aditya. 
He looked at Dhruv and said “The RHIB will take you to the shore at 8pm. Good Luck gentlemen” and both the first officer and him walked towards the bridge.
“So now what?” asked Ajay to Dhruv
“We get dropped to Hazira port where a Sea King would be waiting for us for our ride to Mumbai.”
 

Chapter 8

They reached Mumbai past mid-night; it was a long ride from the ship. They first took the RHIB to Hazira port where the Sea King waiting for them. From there they flew to Mumbai. 
It took them nearly three hours post boarding the Sea King to reach Mumbai airport. As soon as they boarded the helicopter and started flying Francis dozed off. Aditya was amused by how someone could fall asleep with the loud noise of the rotors above them. 
Sensing Aditya’s thought, Ajay smiled and said “He can sleep anywhere; There is an ongoing joke in our unit that he is the incarnation of Kumbhakarna.” The entire journey was uneventful and they reached the hotel, which was pre-booked for them near Mumbai International Airport. They had also been pre-cleared with the hotel for the weapons that they were carrying. 
Before leaving the INS Thakshak, Ajay and Francis had segregated the weapons into a single duffle bag. The duffle now carried the HK MP5, Beretta and the HK PSG1 Sniper rifles. The rest of their equipment was left on board the Sea King to be taken back to their base at INS Abhimanyu. 
They announced themselves at the hotel, and their bags were not scanned. Post 26/11 all big hotels across India have installed baggage x-ray scanners and metal detectors. 
The 2008 Mumbai attacks also referred to as 26/11were the deadliest terrorist attack on the Indian soil. Ten terrorists carried out coordinated shooting and bombing attacks lasting four days across Mumbai which killed more 170 people including nine terrorists. A lone terrorist captured, interrogated and post judiciary trial was hanged till death in Pune jail as per the law. Since one of the attacks were on a famous hotel in south Mumbai the after-effects of which was that most hotels upgraded their security protocols and infrastructure. 
They quickly checked into two twin sharing rooms. Ajay and Francis were sharing one with Dhruv and Aditya sharing another. 
“We meet at breakfast at eight and from there we go to the Mumbai Archives” said Dhruv when all them were in the lift. 
The room was like any other standard twin room in a modern hotel. It had twin beds, an LED television attached to the wall and a small study table at the corner near the glass windows. There was a platter of fruits on it. 
“I am off to take a shower, if you are hungry don’t hesitate to call room service” said Dhruv and walked towards the bathroom. 
Aditya was not feeling hungry and was surprisingly not sleepy as well. He walked towards the glass window and looked outside. Even past midnight the city was alive, it seemed to him that Mumbai nightlife had got a life of its own. The street was still filled with cars and autos and he wasn’t sure whether the people were going back home or to party all night. It was the start of a long weekend. 
Even from this room which was on the 12th floor, he could hear the constant honks and chaos in the roads below him. This was the city never slept and was supposed to make every dream come alive. 
“Wonderful, isn’t it” said Dhruv’s voice behind him. 
Aditya was so lost in the wonder below him that he didn’t realise when Dhruv came back from the shower. 
“Did you order anything?” said Dhruv. 
“No, I am not feeling hungry” replied Aditya
Dhruv went to the table and picked up an apple and said “I am, but I am also sleepy.”
He finished the apple in quick bites and lied on one of the twin beds. 
“Good night” and switched off the lights near his side. Aditya walked towards his bed, switched off the lights and lied down to sleep. 
He drifted away, but something troubled him, something nagged at the back of his mind. 
He woke with a startle and looked around to find Dhruv still sleeping in his bed. He looked at his watch, which showed him that it was 5.30am in the morning. He was fully awake, he stretched himself and felt the need for a swim. Realisation dawned that he didn’t have any swimming trunks nor any gym clothes. He decided to go for a walk. 
He slowly opened the door trying not to wake Dhruv and took the elevator to the ground floor. There was a lone person at the reception working on something. Aditya wished him good morning and walked out the door. 
Outside the hotel, he decided to explore the area a bit and started walking on the footpath along the airport flyover. The roads were busy with vehicular traffic at this time in the morning, he must have walked for a kilometre when he saw a small tea stall on the footpath. There were people already at the stall having a ‘cutting’. He walked to the stall and asked for a cup of tea. The tea was piping hot and the morning caffeine woke all his senses. 
He paid for the tea and started walking ahead when he sensed that he was probably being followed. He was not sure but did not want to alert his follower by turning back. He continued walking for another kilometre thinking about a way to confirm whether he was being followed. He saw a ‘Naka Bandi’ ahead and decided to walk up to the group of policemen seated next to the barricade there and do an immediate ‘U’ turn.
He walked past the ‘Naka Bandi’ and suddenly turned around and asked one of the policemen the direction of his hotel. When he turned around, he saw a man who looked startled for a bit but continued his walk towards Aditya. The man was of similar height as Aditya, he had a small scar next to his lip and looked muscular. He was wearing a black Polo T-shirt with faded jeans and white sneakers. His follower walked past Aditya and continued straight. 
After taking the directions from the policeman, Aditya started walking back to the hotel. He did not want to raise suspicion that he was aware of being followed. When he reached the hotel front gate, he turned his head around and saw the person around fifty meters behind. 
He went up to his room and saw Dhruv was up and was making himself a cup of tea. 
“I think we are being followed” he said to Dhruv and explained the events of his morning walk. 
Dhruv sat down on one of the beds and started thinking. 
He knew that the mission was compromised, there were only a handful of people who knew that they were in Mumbai and even fewer who knew which hotel they were staying. Only Dhruv and he knew about the visit to the Archives in Mumbai. They had not shared this with anyone even with the MARCOS commandos. While Dhruv trusted both Ajay and Francis and they have been vetted by the defence ministry he still wasn’t sure. 
He needed to be careful and the group would have to limit their communications to the outside world. He looked at Aditya who looked calm and was waiting for Dhruv to speak.  
Dhruv got up from the bed and dialled a number from memory using the in-room phone. He did not want to use his mobile phone in case it was being monitored. 
Immediately after one ring, a voice spoke on the other side “Please enter your access code.” 
Dhruv entered his access code on the phone’s keypad and waited for the line to get connected to an operator. 
“Please enter your passcode” said the operator’s voice. 
Dhruv entered his passcode on the keypad. He knew that his passcode would be verified against the access code in the system and a trace was already running on the network to pinpoint his location. The operator came back and said “Access code verified, what you need?”
Dhruv gave a set of instructions to the operator who repeated it to confirm. Post which the operator said it will take two hours and disconnected the line. 
He then dialled the number for Ajay and Francis room and asked to come in their room. Within a few minutes, there was a knock on their door. 
Dhruv opened the door for the two commandos to walk in. Ajay it seems was already awake when Dhruv dialled their room, but Francis needed to be woken up.
Dhruv narrated the incident that happened with Aditya and his suspicion about the mission being compromised. 
“So, what now?” asked Ajay
“I have asked for help and we should be receiving a couple of things in the next two hours. Why don’t all of us get ready and meet for breakfast downstairs in thirty minutes.”  
The rest nodded, both Ajay and Francis went back to their room. Aditya said he would take a shower and went to the bathroom. 
When he was all alone Dhruv again dialled a number from the in-room phone which was picked up quickly on the other side. He spoke softly on the phone explaining the situation to the person other side. 
All of them met for breakfast in the hotel restaurant. The restaurant was almost full with mostly business travellers who were having the most important meal of their day. 
While Aditya, Ajay and Dhruv stuck to cereals and fruits, the amount of food on Francis’ side of the table gave a curious look from everyone who was passing by. The TV in the restaurant was tuned to a business channel where the anchor was talking about which shares to buy when the stock market opens next week. 
All of them took their time during breakfast well knowing that Dhruv contact would be there with the stuff he asked. 
All of them were having tea when one of the staff approached Dhruv and said “Sir, there is a package for you at the reception.” 
“Why don’t all of you go to our room and I will get package upstairs,” said Dhruv and walked towards the lobby. 
He introduced himself to the staff at the reception and provided a civilian ID card for verification. The staff then handed him a duffle bag the size of a regular gym bag which he took back to the room.
The rest of them were already there waiting for him. Dhruv put the bag on the bed and opened it.
It had two Sauer P226, a car key, four basic Nokia feature phones and non-sequential five hundred rupee notes worth twenty thousand in four bundles. The phones each had a mobile number on a post-it stuck on it. 
Dhruv handed each a phone along with five thousand rupees. He then took a SIG for himself and handed the other to Aditya.
“Do you know how to use one?” he asked
“Of course, not.” 
He turned to the others and said “Why don’t you store the numbers in the phone along with our names while I teach basics of this gun to Aditya.” 
Dhruv then held the gun towards Aditya and said “This is called a SIG Sauer P226 and holds 17 rounds in the magazine” he then went on to explain to Aditya the basics of the gun safety and how to use it. 
Aditya was a fast learner and within five minutes, not only did he understand the basics but also demonstrated correctly back to Dhruv. 
“Good” said Dhruv definitely impressed with Aditya
“We are going to leave our phones in the hotel in case its being tracked, all communications would be through these phones” pointing to the Nokia feature phones on the bed. 
“Also please do not call anyone else, not even your families from these phones. We do not know how serious these people are and don’t want to take a chance”
“How do we travel to the Archives? They must be definitely watching the hotel” asked Francis
“My contact is in the basement with a mini truck, we hide in the back of the truck. He would drop us near Bandra where there would be a car parked. We then drive the car to the Archives” he explained the plan to the others. 
“This is based on the assumption that they don’t know our destination. Since other than us no one knows the final destination I think we should be able to lose our trail”
None of the others could find a loophole in the plan and nodded in agreement. 
Dhruv then asked Ajay and Francis to leave the MP5 and HK PSG1 in their room and carry only the HK Beretta with them. 
When everyone was ready to move, they locked the room and put a ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign outside. All of them took the service elevator the basement. There was a Tata Ace mini truck in the basement, the driver saw them coming from the lift and nodded to Dhruv who responded with a nod. All of them went behind the truck and opened the shutter. They climbed in the truck hold and closed the shutter behind them. 
The truck started to move and they quickly left the hotel behind. The truck drove for nearly an hour through Mumbai traffic and then stopped. The driver shut the engine down and knocked three times on the cargo hold. 
Before opening the door from inside, Dhruv signalled Francis and Ajay to be ready just in case if this was an ambush. He slowly opened the shutter and saw his contact standing alone. The truck was parked on the side of the road. 
All of them got out of the truck and waited for it to leave. The truck went ahead and disappeared into the Mumbai traffic. Dhruv then pointed them to a car parked on the other side of the road, it was a non-descript white colour Suzuki Swift. 
They crossed the road and Dhruv sat on the driver’s seat with Francis next to him. Aditya and Ajay sat in the back seat. 
The car started and Dhruv took it towards the Bandra-Worli sea link. 
The Bandra–Worli Sea Link is an eight-lane bridge that links Bandra in the Western Suburbs of Mumbai with Worli in South Mumbai. 
The traffic was dense and it took nearly an hour for them to reach Elphinstone college in South Mumbai where the Maharashtra State Archive was situated. 
 

Chapter 9

Elphinstone College is one of the oldest colleges in Mumbai, it was built in 1888 and is reputed for producing illustrious luminaries like Lokmanya Tilak, Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar, Jamshedji Tata and others.
Dhruv parked the car in the college parking zone and showed his military ID to the security guard. They entered the building which was designed in the Gothic Revival style made primarily with golden basalt and limestone.
The office of the Director of Archives was on the first floor. They reached the first floor and knocked on the door of the director and entered. 
The room was barely lit and windowless. Though spotlessly clean, it smelled dusty and old. Against the walls, grey steel filing cabinets and drawers filled nearly till the ceiling. 
The Director of the Archives was an old man and looked the part of a college professor. He was seated behind a utilitarian table filled with old files and manuscripts. The placard on his table showed his name as “Ajay Bhosale”.  He got from his chair when Dhruv introduced himself and the others. 
“Ah! Mr Singh, good to have you here. I will be honest; I was a bit confused when I received a call from the naval office about your visit. What is it you are looking for?” said the director
“As you are aware that the Indian Navy publishes books regularly, this time we are looking at publishing a book on the Maratha Navy.” 
He pointed towards Aditya and continued “Our expert Mr. Kumar is the author and wanted to see Maratha Navy logbooks to have a better understanding.” 
“It would be my pleasure. If you, please follow me, I will take you to the archive section.”
The Director then led them to a large chamber which was long and narrow with high ceilings. There were large wooden shelves filled with old newspapers, books and files filled with papers running across the chambers. At one end of the room were tables with desktop computers some of which were being used by the employees of the archive. 
The Director walked towards a person and introduced him “This is Rahul More and he will help you find what you are looking for” post which the director left the chamber. 
Rahul got up from his seat said hello to all of them and asked “What are you looking for?”
“We are looking for any Maratha naval records or port logs from 1682 to 1684” replied Aditya
“We have some port records which we found near Arnala couple of years back, but unfortunately it is not segregated by dates. The entire lot has been digitized and you would have to go through all of them to find what you are looking for”
He then logged on to a computer and started the application which accessed the digitized copies of the archives. For the next ten minutes, he gave a brief on how to use the system to the four of them. 
“We have only two spare computers at the moment,” said Rahul and then set another computer up for them to use. 
“Let me know if you need any help, I will be at my desk” post which he got back to his desk
Ajay turned towards Dhruv and said “Major, I don’t think Francis and I would be of much help here. Let us go ahead get some lunch for ourselves and for you”
“Agreed” replied Dhruv. 
Both the commandos got up and went out of the chamber. 
“Look for any records during the period and let me know if you find it” said Aditya 
Dhruv nodded and started going through the digitized files. 
For the next thirty minutes, both of them went through the records in silence. 
“I think I found something,” Aditya said sounding excited 
Dhruv came to his desk and looked at the part of the computer screen where Aditya was pointing. The information was in Marathi Devanagari font whose alphabets are very similar to the Hindi language. 
“This record shows that a merchant ship docked at Arnala port for a day. The ship was led by a hazari Anandrao Angre” said Aditya
Dhruv was confused and did not understand the relevance of it “So what?” he asked Aditya
“Don’t you see, it says that it was commanded by a hazari. A hazari is like a brigadier in the army. Why would a brigadier in the Maratha army command a merchant ship? Unless ..” 
“He was carrying something of military importance” completed Dhruv now feeling excited as well. 
“Any mention on their destination?” he asked 
“Yes, it says that forty men disembarked with some of their cargo and the final destination would be Bombay.” 
“Also ….” 
“Also what?” asked Dhruv
“The name of the hazari mentioned is Anandrao Angre” 
“Who is he?” 
“I don’t know but the last name Angre is of relevance.”
“How so?” questioned Dhruv
“The greatest admiral in the Maratha Navy was Kanhoji Angre. In fact, a lot of historians would agree that he was probably the greatest admiral India ever had. His navy controlled the entire Konkan coast right till modern-day Kerala. Despite the attempts of the British and Portuguese to subdue Angre, he remained undefeated till his death.”
“So is this Anandrao a relative of Kanhoji, maybe his father?”
“Kanhoji’s father’s name was Tukoji who was with the Maratha Army, but there is very little known about Kanhoji’s family. He could be a relative.”
“Ok, but why would this be relevant?”
Aditya explained “Let’s assume that you are Anandrao and you are being pursued by a larger force, and your destination is still far away. What you would do?”
Dhruv thought for a moment and said “I will try to reach a secure location like a fort” 
“Any fort?” 
“Probably which is commanded by someone I know maybe a family member and which is not too far from my destination.”
“Correct? But I believe that Anandrao did even better. He separated his cargo into two. One on their way through the land and the other by sea to reach Kalyan.”
“And if the rumours are true then Anandrao would have probably kept the secret weapon with himself and sent the gold through someone he trusted.”
“The only thing that is bothering me is why to go to Bombay.” 
“I don’t understand” asked Dhruv
“Bombay was controlled by the British during that period; it wouldn’t have been an ideal place to dock at that time. 
“Maybe he went to Tukoji.”
“Hmm, that is a possibility. Tukoji used to command the fort of Suvarnadurg in Ratnagiri but that would be far for Anandrao since he was being pursued” replied Aditya 
“We need to find a list of forts during that time which was under Maratha control and closer to Kalyan”
“Let us ask him” Dhruv said, pointing to Rahul who was at his desk totally unaware of the discussion they were having.   
Both of them stood up and went to Rahul “Excuse me, Rahul we need some information” said Aditya
“Sure, what information do you need.” 
“Do we have a list or a map which shows forts occupied by the Maratha Empire during the late Seventeen and early Eighteen century?”
“I don’t think we have a list readily available, we do have a lot of literature available on the Maratha Empire during that period. It will take a very long time to go through those documents.”
Both Aditya and Dhruv looked at each other wondering the time it would take them to go through the entire literature available on the Maratha Empire at the Archives. 
Rahul smiled when he saw their worried faces and then added 
“There is a faster alternative available. Google it. The computers are already connected to the internet.” 
Both Aditya and Dhruv looked at each other foolishly.
They thanked Rahul and went back to Aditya’s computer. 
Aditya opened the browser and typed the website address for Google Maps. He then zoomed in on Maharashtra and typed forts. Most of the forts around Arnala were shown in Mumbai. There were only three forts which were closer to Kalyan and accessible by ships, the Ghodbunder Fort, Vasai Fort and the Belapur Fort but all these forts were under Portuguese control during that period. 
The only place that Anandrao could have taken his ship closer to Bombay was the Kolaba Fort near Alibaug.
The Kolaba Fort was personally chosen by Shivaji to be made as a naval base. After Shivaji’s death, the completed fort was given to Kanhoji Angre who used it as a primary base for his attack on the British and Portuguese ships. 
Aditya felt confident about the Kolaba fort and explained his theory to Dhruv.
“If Anandrao went to Kolaba, where did his men take the gold” asked Dhruv
Aditya then zoomed out the Google Maps to show Arnala and Kalyan in the same view on the monitor. The map did not show any forts, most of the distance between Arnala and Kalyan was covered by the Tungareshwar National Park.
He turned towards Dhruv and said “I have a friend more like an acquaintance with whom I chat online, maybe she can help.” 
“Can she be trusted?” asked Dhruv 
“I am not sure, we have not spoken to each other but just catch up online to discuss history and mythology. I only know her chat handle and not even her real name. She could be a male pretending to be a female. But I think it is a female” said Aditya
“I know it is a risk, but I can be vague on what we are looking for” continued Aditya
While it was a huge risk, Dhruv could not come up with any other alternative. They needed answers quickly now knowing that there was someone else who was after the treasure. Someone or some group which had the money and the means to reach it quickly. Also, the other party was already ahead of them in the search since they probably had a clue which was hidden in the shipwreck’s mast. 
Dhruv nodded to Aditya who went online to an IRC chat website and then entered a group with his handle ‘Asoka’. Only one person was showing online with a chat handle ‘Mirabai.’ 
Before he could ping her, she responded 
“Hi Asoka, it’s been a long time.”
“Hi Mira, I know I have been busy with work.”
“Hmm, are you in Mumbai today?”
Dhruv nearly jumped from his seat when he saw the statement. 
“Why do you say that Mira” typed Aditya
“Your IP is showing for Mumbai in fact somewhere in South Mumbai.” 
Aditya cursed himself, he thought since they were using the Department of Archives computer, it would be behind a strong firewall. Unfortunately, similar to most government offices this network was also not secured. 
“No that must be my VPN showing Mumbai.”
Dhruv prodded Aditya to hurry up.
“Anyway, I need your help on a theory that I am working on” typed Aditya
“Shoot”
“Ok, let’s assume that you are someone in the Maratha Army with forty soldiers and want to move a lot of arms from Arnala Fort to support the Battle of Kalyan and are being followed by Mughals where would you go.” 
There was no response immediately; both Aditya and Dhruv looked at each other. 
Aditya typed “Mira … are you still there?”
“I am here, still thinking. If it is a couple of tons of arms and ammunition, they would be on the road travelling through old Bijapur”
Aditya started to type but he saw her typing still and stopped himself. 
“But this would not work; the Mughals would have caught them easily on their fast horses since the cargo is huge.”
“Ok, what if the cargo is small let’s say a couple of hundred kilos” 
“Then they could have easily travelled through the Tungareshwar forest to hide their tracks in the mountains. There is an old Lord Shiva temple up the mountain which must have been there during the Kalyan Battle. The temple these days is hugely popular with tourist and thanks to the rumour over the years.”
“What rumours?” typed Aditya excitedly 
“Rumours of long lost gold that was hidden by Shivaji Maharaj” typed Mira
Aditya and Dhruv stood up so fast that even Rahul got surprised and asked “Is everything alright?”
“Yeah, everything is just fine” said Dhruv smiling and they sat back
Dhruv said to Aditya “Ask her about the rumour.”
“What more can you tell me about the rumour” type Aditya
“Well it’s an old wife's tale which I am sure was started by the temple priests to get more devotees. The rumour is that Shivaji wanted a new fort to be built in the Tungareshwar Mountains overlooking the Bassein creek and the Ghodbunder Fort. So he hid the gold to be used later and built a temple on top of it” 
“No such gold has ever been found and the temple is famous these days as a picnic spot for Mumbaikars.”
“Thanks, Mira for the help” typed Aditya
“Anytime, but don’t lie to me next time” 
“What lies?”
“That you are using a VPN, you are currently logged in from Department of Archives at Elphinstone College in South Mumbai” typed Mira
Dhruv immediately removed the computer power cord. “We need to move out of here fast” 
They thanked Rahul and quickly went out of the chamber even before the man could say goodbye.
As they exited the chamber, they saw Ajay and Francis hurriedly coming from the other side. 
“They know we are here” said Ajay
 

Chapter 10

Dhruv’s suddenly became tensed “Where are they now?” he asked both of them
“There are two of them waiting outside the college gate. I am sure they are waiting for us to come out for them to follow” said Ajay
“Do you think they have realised that you know about being followed?”
“I don’t think so, we were cautious not to show any sudden movements. They followed us to the restaurant and sat behind us”
“That could just be a coincidence,” said Aditya
“It could have but it is not. We are trained on counter-surveillance. We took a long route to the college, and they followed us around here” said Francis 
“We will have to leave the car here and go through the backside” said Dhruv
“I would suggest that we go to Churchgate Station and then take a local train” said Aditya
“That’s a good idea” said Dhruv
All of them took the stairs down the ground floor and went behind the building. Both the Sessions Court and the Elphinstone College shared a common wall. There was a small gate with a security guard manning it. 
Dhruv showed his Army ID to the guard who allowed them to pass through the gate. Being a weekend the court was closed and there weren’t any people in the building. The front gate was manned by couple of police guards who didn’t stop them when they exited the complex. Outside the court they found themselves staring at the Oval Maidan. 
The group took a right turn and started to walk quickly towards Churchgate station led by Aditya. 
Churchgate station is the headquarters of Western Railway and is the end of the terminal for the Western Local trains. 
They reached the station within ten minutes and entered it through the south entrance. The station was relatively empty being a weekend and there we not too many people at the ticket counter. 
“Where to now?” asked Ajay
“Take the tickets for Vasai” said Aditya
Dhruv wanted to say something but held himself back. 
 Ajay went ahead to take the tickets for them and the rest went to a small cafeteria opposite the ticket counter and waited for him. The cafeteria did not have any chairs but only round standing tables. 
The group went to a table and waited for Ajay who joined after a couple of minutes. He handed over each a ticket and said there is a train leaving in three minutes from platform four. 
The group left the cafeteria for platform four, they could see a twelve coach train standing on the platform. They entered the fourth compartment and sat in opposite seats near the exit. 
The compartment was relatively empty and there was no one seated next or behind them. Aditya waited for the train to start and then said to Dhruv 
“I think we need to tell them everything and about the other rumour as well”
“What other rumour?” asked Francis
Dhruv was a bit apprehensive at the start but he knew that both the commandos have not shown any inclinations that they couldn’t be trusted. 
He leaned forward and shared with them about the rumour on the secret weapon and Aditya’s theory about Anandrao taking it to Alibaug.
“Shouldn’t we then be going to Alibaug rather than Vasai?” asked Ajay
“I wanted to ask the same to you back at the station” said Dhruv to Aditya
“We don’t know whether the secret weapon exists, but we definitely know about the gold coins. It makes sense that we first recover the gold rather than run behind a supposedly secret weapon that could win wars” said Aditya 
The train that they took was a fast Virar local. It would only stop at major stations till Borivali and then would stop at all stations. Vasai was the fifth station post-Borivali. 
Dhruv’s eyes scanned the doors each time the train stopped at a station looking for any sign of them being followed. It took them nearly an hour to reach Vasai station. 
The group exited the train when it stopped at Vasai station. The station was filled with families and weekenders. They followed Aditya who started walking towards the East Exit of the station. 
They exited the station and came out to the main road. The road was lined with various shops and there was a taxi stand nearby. 
Francis looked at his watch and said “It’s going to be dark in a couple hours, we would need shovels and flashlights if we are going to look for treasure.”
“Agreed, you and Aditya can pick up the hardware. Ajay and I will get a couple of duffle bags to put the stuff in”
Aditya followed Francis to a hardware shop nearby. He then asked for a couple of shovels, four flashlights with batteries, a bundle of rope, a cutter and a couple of crowbars. Once he was satisfied with the items he started bargaining with the shopkeeper for the price. The shopkeeper was definitely intimidated by his huge size and Francis made it a point to wave his arms animatedly to intimidate him further. After more haggling on the price, Francis seemed satisfied and paid the shopkeeper. 
“My mom always took me to shop when I was young and taught me all the tricks” he said smilingly to Aditya
They waited for Dhruv and Ajay to join them. Within a couple of minutes, the rest of them came with two big duffle bags. Dhruv and Francis packed all the equipment that Francis purchased in the two bags. 
They then walked towards the taxi stand and asked the driver of the first car.
“We want to go to Tungareshwar Temple” 
The driver scanned the four of them and said “Five Hundred” 
Aditya nodded and all of them sat in the taxi, which was a Mahindra Bolero. The driver started the car and drove through the narrow roads of Vasai. They passed a lot of industrial estates with factories and housing society lined next to each other. 
The road finally led them to outskirts of the city from there they would see the Tungareshwar National Forest and its mountain range. 
The driver went off the main road to a small muddy track which led them to the base of the mountain. 
It was around 4pm in the evening and they could see people walking down the mountain track. As the taxi climbed up all the busy traffic noise was lost. 
The surrounding was serene and silent; there wasn’t any soul on the path. The road was canopied by huge trees and lined with dense vegetation on either side.
There was no noise of birds chirping or the rustle of the leaves.  The only sound was coming from the engine of their car. 
“How far is it?” asked Francis who was sitting next to the drive in the front. 
“Around ten minutes more” 
“Is there something to eat near the temple?”
“You can get Vada Pav and Tea in the stalls outside the temple” replied the driver. 
They started seeing people coming down in groups both devotees and picnickers alike. Finally, they reached the temple.
The temple was nested in a beautifully landscaped garden. It had a massive dome with a Trishul standing impressively at the top. The evening aarti was going on, and they could hear people singing in praise of Lord Shiva. 
They paid the driver and got off the taxi. 
“What now?” asked Francis after stretching his legs. 
“Let’s eat something and wait for the temple to get closed. Then we speak with the priest alone.” 
There was still a couple of hours for the temple to close. They walked to a food stall near the temple and ordered Vada Pav for all of them. 
It started getting darker and they realised that due to winters the sunset would be early. The temple lights came alive. 
That’s when Aditya’s realised that the temple was made up of bricks and cement. He walked towards the owner of the food stall and asked him smilingly. 
“There is so much good energy in this temple. When was this temple made?” 
“Around 1960’s, I was a small kid when the construction began. The locals collected the money themselves and funded the construction” replied the shopkeeper
“But why make a temple so high in the mountain.” 
“There was already a small old temple of Lord Shiva here and that temple was revered by the locals. So they constructed a new bigger temple and moved the Shiva Linga here from the old temple.”
“So where is this old temple” asked Aditya trying not to sound excited
“It’s up there around two kilometres ahead” the shopkeeper said pointing towards the peak of the mountain.”
Aditya thanked the shopkeeper and went back to the group. 
“We are looking at the wrong temple; this temple was created in the 1960s. There is an old temple two kilometres up from here.”
Dhruv and Francis picked up the bags, and the group started walking towards the direction pointed by Aditya.
They had just walked a couple of hundred meters when the road moved towards a different direction from the mountain peak.
“I think we should leave the road and follow through the forest.” 
“There are some footprints here leading in the forest” shouted Ajay pointing towards them. 
“I guess some of the villagers must be still visiting the old temple” replied Aditya
They followed the footprints towards the forest and came to a worn-out track leading towards the peak. 
“We seem to be on the right track” suggested Dhruv as the group moved forward. 
As they moved forward, they came across a small stream and the path seemed parallel to the small stream of water. The vegetation in the forest got dense and tree branches arched overheads cutting off sunlight. 
Suddenly Dhruv stopped and raised in hand. Everyone stopped. 
“What’s the matter?” asked Aditya, and then he heard it, too.
Voices of people ahead of them talking among themselves. 
Dhruv’s eyes narrowed and he signalled everyone to keep quiet and gave a sign to Ajay to move forward and check. 
Ajay quietly moved forward off the track. As he came close the voices grew louder, it seemed that someone was giving instruction.
“Hurry. The sun is going to set soon and we need to remove the trunk soon” he heard. 
He slowly pulled out his gun from the belt holster and moved forward hiding behind trees slowly in a slumped position.
Across a couple of trees ahead was a group of five soldiers.  Two of them were digging a pit with shovels and the rest were guarding it. The men looked like professionals and were in full gear, including AKMS with collapsible buttstocks, holstered pistols with suppressors attached. 
Ajay saw a body of a dead man close to them. A single bullet hole in the middle of his forehead meant that he died quickly. 
He slowly backtracked the way below and reached the group. He then silently signalled them to follow him further away. They followed him quietly away from the voices. When Ajay thought that they were far off the group, he stopped and spoke.
“Five men full tactical gear with AKMS and semi-automatic pistols with suppressors. Two of them were digging a pit in the ground, and the rest were guarding it. I saw a body probably of a villager who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. There is also a couple of heavy shipping cases nearby. I don’t know what’s inside them”
“Did you manage to see how deep they have dug the pit?” asked Dhruv
“I would say not more than three feet, I could see their upper body from the pit” replied Ajay 
“Can we take them out?” asked Francis 
“Possibly, if we take the three guards simultaneously, it would give us more couple of seconds to take the men out who are digging. But we have to do it simultaneously” replied Ajay
“Let’s do it that way, Ajay you take the left, Francis you take the right and I take the middle. We do a headshot” Dhruv said to Ajay and Francis who nodded in agreement 
Dhruv then turned towards Aditya and said “I want you to be here, when everything is clear we would come to get you”
 Aditya nodded in agreement, they was nothing he could do in this situation. 
The three men slowly walked back up towards the hostiles. 
When they reached the place, the pit was now dug a bit deeper. The commandos positioned behind the trees. From their vantage point, they could see the three guards and the two men digging. 
Dhruv looked at both of them and signalled to fire at the count of three. He raised his hand and started the count with his fingers. As soon as the third finger were up they fired the shots killing the three guards instantaneously. Before the men who were digging raised their weapons, they dropped dead as well. 
The three commandos came slowly out of their hiding places and walked slowly towards the dead men with their guns still pointing forward. 
They went across each body to check whether the men were dead and after confirming holstered the gun back. 
The men were Indian and definitely looked like ex-Military. 
Dhruv went towards a guard and started checking his pockets for identification. Seeing him the other two did the same. After a thorough search, they couldn’t find anything that identified them. One of them had a handheld GPS system and a satellite phone. The phone was locked with a passcode. 
The discovery of the satellite phone bothered Dhruv.  They could be looking at a well-organised terrorist group. 
Satellite phones are banned in India. In the past, it has been used by terrorist organisations to communicate with their cells. It is complicated for the agencies to track the same real-time and getting records is also dependent on the country through which the phone is sold.
Dhruv pocketed the phone, thinking that the technicians at the Defence Labs would have more luck with the passcode. He then picked up an AKMS, the rifle looked almost new. 
Originally made by the Soviets AKMS is an improved version of the AK-47. These guns were mostly used by security forces of developing nations primarily in Asia and Africa due to their lower manufacturing cost and reliability. It was also favoured by most terrorist organisations in the world due to the same reasons. 
Francis found a big black coloured duffle bag near the dead men. They had probably carried the digging equipment in it. Both the MARCOS commandos had picked up the weapons from the dead men and put in the bag. 
“Ok, Now …”
Before Ajay could finish the sentence, a bullet pierced his head from behind and he fell forward face down. 
 

Chapter 11

“Ajay ..” shouted both Dhruv and Francis. 
Francis bent down towards Ajay and turned his body around. He checked his pulse but there were none, his friend had died instantaneously.
“Drop your guns and put your hands in the air or your friend dies” a deep bass voice ordered.  
They turned around and saw a giant of a man holding a gun towards Aditya’s head. The man was tall, even a couple of inches more than Francis. He was wearing a black tactical shirt and cargo pants similar to the other men.  Unlike Francis, who was heavily built like a body builder this man was lean but muscular. 
“I am going to kill you” growled Francis as he forward towards the man with his gun in his arm.
“Francis, No” shouted Dhruv “This is an order, stand down.” 
Francis stopped in track and looked at Dhruv. His eyes narrowed and every muscle in his body wanting revenge said “He killed my friend.”
“If you don’t back now, he will kill Aditya as well” replied Dhruv 	
“Listen to him, drop your gun or he dies” said the man calmly
Both of them dropped their guns on the ground. 
“Now put all weapons in the bag over there” 
Francis picked up their guns and put it in the duffle bag. 
The man scanned the dead bodies around and said “You should have at least waited for them to finish digging before you killed them. Now you have to finish what they started” 
‘Who are you and what do you want” asked Dhruv
“I want the same thing as you Major Dhruv and I will tell you later who I am” said the man calmly and then his toned changed and he ordered, “Remove the bodies from the pit and start digging or I can always begin shooting with your friend again.”
He pushed Aditya towards them and said “You too Mr. Kumar” his fingers still clutching the trigger of the gun
“How do you know our names?”
“I know a lot about you and not just your names. We do not have much time since the sun is going to set soon and if you don’t finish before sunset I will kill all of you. So start digging quickly” warned the man
The three removed the two dead men from the pit they had dug and started digging in silence. The pit that they were digging was around eight feet by six feet.  
They must have dug for around thirty minutes when one of their shovels hit something metal. There was a definitely something hidden below. They removed the dirt where the shovel hit from their hands and saw the top of a metal trunk. 
The trunk was around four feet by three feet and was rusted. They quickly dug around the metal trunk to loosen it up and tried to pull but it was heavy.
“It’s too heavy we need more hands” said Dhruv
“Well it’s only you three, so I would recommend that you start thinking on how to get the box up.” 
Both Francis and Dhruv looked at Aditya for advice. 
“We could turn it on one side to make it standing and then make a slope with the dirt that removed from the hole. Then we can push the trunk up the pit.”
“Let’s see if this works” said Dhruv
They pushed their shovels under the trunk and pushed it downwards. They heard small clanging sounds of metals insides being moved. 
Whatever was in the trunk was not filled to the brim, when the men pushed the shovels down the content shifted and it became easier to put the trunk upright. 
Once the trunk was upright Aditya came out of the pit and started pushing the dirt back in it. Both Francis and Dhruv pushed the earth on one side of the pit and started to make a slope out of it. 
It was nearly dark by the time the men finished making a slope. 
“Open the green coloured case over there and bring out the floodlights” the man ordered Aditya
Aditya went to a large military looking green coloured case and opened it. Inside he saw a couple of crowbars, a bundle of ropes and four battery operated outdoor floodlights. He also saw some clay-like substance wrapped in gelatine kind of paper and other electronic components with wires that he didn’t recognise. 
He picked up two floodlights and a bundle of rope from the case. The floodlights were connected to a battery which was similar to a car battery with a retractable stand. Aditya pulled the stand which was around four feet tall and then placed the floodlights on opposite sides of the pit.
“Turn them on” ordered the man
Aditya switched the floodlights on and the entire area surrounding the pit got illuminated. 
“Good, now get the trunk up and open it” 
Aditya picked up the bundle of ropes and passed it to Francis, who tied it across the trunk and pass the end to Aditya.
“You both push from below and I will pull it” said Aditya
The trunk was heavy but the plan seemed to work. Inch by inch the trunk moved forward the slope and the three men finally manage to get it up the pit. They were covered in dirt and their face covered with sweat.
“Open it” ordered the man
The trunk was locked with a single lock. 
“Can you pass the key?” asked Dhruv
“Nice Joke Major, now open the trunk” 
Aditya took a crowbar from the case and handed it over to Dhruv who wedged it in the gap between the lid and the lock.
With the crowbar wedged in, he forced down the crowbar creating significant pressure on the lock which quickly snapped. 
With the lock now broken, Dhruv opened the lid, and a small gasp left his mouth. 
The trunk was filled with thousands of gold Shivrai.  The gold which was on its way to Kalyan but somehow landed in the middle of Tungareshwar forest. 
“Now move away from the trunk with your hands up where I can see them.” 
All the three men moved away from the trunk with their hands up in the air. Their eyes on the man holding the gun in front of them. 
He moved closer to the trunk, and one look inside the trunk angered him. 
“It is not here, it was supposed to be here” he growled 
He pulled a satellite phone out from his left breast pocket and hit a speed dial number. He waited for the line to be picked up and after a few seconds he spoke. 
“It is not here, there are only the gold coins and nothing else. The men are dead, and I have Dhruv with the others here. I am holding them on gunpoint”
A long stretch of silence followed and then he said.
“Yes, I understand” and put the phone back in his pocket. 
He turned towards Aditya and ordered “Pull the ropes from the case and tie your friend's hand in the front where can I see them.”
He then pulled a knife from its sheath which was attached to his belt and threw it near Aditya’s feet. 
“Use it to cut the rope.” 
Aditya followed his orders and went up to the case to pick up the rope from it. He then cut three pieces from it and then went to Francis who reluctantly held his hands forward for Aditya to tie. 
Once he finished tying Francis’s hand he moved to Dhruv who had already put his hands forward to be tied. After he finished tying Dhruv, Aditya moved towards the man for him to tie his hand.
“Hold on, not so fast Aditya. Sit down and tie your legs” Aditya sat on the ground and reluctantly tied his own legs.
The man then ordered the rest as well to sit down next to Aditya.
“The chopper would be here soon and then we can all leave” said the man smiling
“Who are you? You still haven’t told your name” said Dhruv.
“My name is Aridam.”
“Which terrorist group do you belong?”
Aridam laughed aloud and said “Why do you think we are terrorist Major?”
“Then who are you?”
“When the time comes you will know” 
Dhruv’s mind raced fast, they would need to escape before the helicopter reached. There would definitely be more armed men on-board the helicopter. He looked at Francis, who was probably also thinking the same thing. 
He planned to continue talking to Aridam, trying to find out more about him and his organisation, their motives and more importantly who their mole in the defence ministry was. 
“How did you find out about the gold?”
“We found a letter in the mast of the shipwreck which led us here.”
“How could the letter give you the exact position of where the gold was hidden, the gold was on its way to Kalyan. The ship was a decoy and it wouldn’t have any details of where the gold was”
“Oh, you misunderstand my dear Major. You think that the ship was a decoy, but it was actually ours.”
“I don’t understand.”
“How could you. We have been around more than two millennia’s since the time of Ashoka. We infiltrated the Maratha Empire, and one of our brothers was part of the group carrying the gold and when the time came he killed everyone and hid the gold here”
All three of them were astonished on what they were hearing. A secret society going back more than two thousand years. It all sounded improbable. 
Aridam continued smiling “Our brother hid the location of the gold in the ship’s mast and was returning back to his leader when his ship sank due to bad weather. Thanks to Indian Navy we found out about the ship and realised that it was the one lost three hundred years back”
“But you looked disappointed with the gold” prodded Dhruv “Was it more that you were searching or was it something else”
Aridam did not answer but kept quiet. The silence around them was broken by a voice coming closer to them. It seemed  that someone was humming and probably walking towards them. 
Aridam’s body became alert and he turned around to see who was coming. He saw a light beam from a flashlight coming towards them. 
They spotted two young men walking towards them probably local villagers who were on their way to the temple. 
“Run” shouted Dhruv which caught Aridam by surprise and he started firing towards the light. The men saw the gun and started running down the track. 
The heavily muscled form of Francis lunged at Aridam and slammed him to the ground. The gun flew from Aridam’s hand and landed a few feet ahead of him. 
He turned his body around and kicked Francis in his face. The impact was so great that it broke Francis’s nose and blood started oozing out rapidly. He again kicked Francis hard in his ribs and the commando fell backwards with a groan. 
Aridam turned and leapt for his gun, but Dhruv was already ahead of him and kicked the gun out of his way. He then kicked Aridam in the head who fell sideways and grimaced in pain. He quickly got up and punched Dhruv in the stomach and then a volley of punches on his face. With both his hands tied together there wasn’t much Dhruv could do. He raised his hand towards his face and tried to protect his face from Aridam’s punches. 
Meanwhile, Aditya was untying his legs quickly. Once untied, he picked up the knife that he had used previously to cut the ropes and then ran towards Aridam who was busy fighting Dhruv. He approached him from the back and stabbed the knife in Aridam’s shoulder who yelled in pain. 
He turned around, his face filled anger and pain. He punched Aditya in the face and then kicked him in the stomach. Aditya fell on the ground. 
Aridam removed the knife which was lodged in his shoulder and turned towards Aditya. 
He just raised his hands with the knife to stab Aditya when Francis shoulder slammed him once again. It was now three against one and Aridam was losing blood quickly. He did not have any weapons with him, he realised that it wouldn’t be long that he would be overpowered by them. 
Knowing that his chances of winning the fight was less he turned around and ran towards the darkness of the forest. 
Aditya got up from the ground, his head was pounding hard and every muscle of his body ached. 
“Are you alright?” he asked Francis who was breathing heavily from his mouth. 
His entire face was covered in blood which was still coming from his now cracked nose. 
He untied Francis and was untying Dhruv when echoing across the mountain, a deep thump thumping sound grew in volume. 
Dhruv’s eyes narrowed. He recognized the sound, a helicopter was approaching fast towards them. 



 

Chapter 12

The thumping sound of the helicopter rotors grew closer. 
Dhruv quickly removed the AKMS with extra magazines from the duffle bag and passed it to Francis and kept one for himself. 
He passed a pistol to Aditya and said “Just aim and fire like how I showed earlier.” 
He then said to both Francis and Aditya “Let’s hide behind the trees, we should expect them to rappel down quickly. We fire as soon they come down.” 
The helicopter was almost above of them now, then suddenly machine gunfire erupted from the helicopter towards the floodlights. The lights went out quickly and smoke came out from the battery connected to the lights. 
 “Get down” shouted Dhruv
The gunfire continued and they could hear the bullets ricocheted around them against the trees and boulders. Suddenly the shooting stopped and silence took over the entire area. 
Two drop lines fell from the helicopter followed by two men who quickly came down. But before they could hit the ground Dhruv and Francis fired a volley of bullets towards them. The shots had minimal impact on them.
The commandoes realised that the men who rappelled down were wearing bulletproof jackets. They swiftly turned their weapons fire towards the men’s head. One of them quickly fell as a bullet pierced through his helmet. 
The other managed to remove his tether and rapidly crouched low. He pointed his gun towards Francis’s direction but before he could fire, a bullet from Aditya’s pistol ripped through his helmet and killed him instantly. 
The helicopter steadied into position above them and machine-gun fire started back again on the ground. The dense forest and the darkness around them gave them a good cover and most of the bullets from the helicopter got lodged into the trees. 
Just when the bullets stopped for a moment Dhruv sprang up from his position, aimed and began shooting at the helicopter. Seeing him both Francis and Aditya followed suit. The dropline tumbled loose and writhed. The helicopter yanked up and off to the side, caught by surprise at the gunfire. 
Both the commandos quickly changed their empty magazine. The sound of the helicopter grew farther away from them as if it was running away from the scene.
Dhruv came out from behind a tree still holding his AKMS and walked towards the two men who now lay down. Both the men were wearing night-vision goggles and were in full tactical gear. They were using the MP5 submachine gun. 
He directed Francis and Aditya to come out.
“Let’s take their weapons and gear. We should expect some more to come maybe on foot now that they know that we have weapons which might take their helicopter down.”
He pointed to the night vision goggles and said “This might come in handy.” 
Both the commandos took the bulletproof jackets off from the dead men and their weapons as well. Dhruv checked their pockets for any identification but there were none similar to the other men. He then passed one of the bulletproof jacket to Aditya and asked him to wear it and then ordered Francis to wear another. 
The huge man refused first, but one look in Dhruv eyes made him take the jacket reluctantly. 
“We need to move farther away from this location to a tactical position on higher ground and wait for them to come”
Both Francis and Aditya nodded in agreement and followed Dhruv who started walking ahead quickly. Slightly ahead in the opposite direction from where they came they found a huge boulder and quickly settled behind it 
Once when all of them were behind cover, he quickly pulled out the phone from his trouser pocket and dialled the familiar number. 
After one ring a voice spoke on the other side “Please enter your access code” 
Dhruv followed the process of entering his access code and then after a few seconds entered his passcode. 
The familiar voice on the other side responded “Access code verified, what you need?”
Dhruv quickly explained the situation they were in. He pulled out the GPS device which he had removed from one of the men earlier and gave the co-ordinates which highlighted their current position. 
“Support will arrive in forty minutes until then you are on your own Major” said the voice and disconnected the line. 
Dhruv kept the phone back into his trouser pocket and looked at both Francis and Aditya.
“Help would arrive in forty minutes, till then we take care of all by ourselves.”
He looked at the bloodied face of Francis with his nose broken. If the big man was in pain, he wasn’t showing it and put up a brave face. 
“How are you feeling now” he asked Francis
“Have seen much worse, the bleeding has stopped. I will get it checked at the base hospital if we get out of here alive” he said with a smile and put the night goggles on his face. 
As the night grew old the temperature dropped in the forest sending a chill through all the three men. A breeze whispered down the path, stirring the hanging leaves. Dhruv felt the cold on his face and he froze in his hiding place. A natural instinct took hold of him and he put a finger on his lip indicating the other men to be silent. 
A sound of a twig breaking meant that they were not alone. 
Dhruv put the night vision goggles on his face covering his eyes, and the entire area turned greenish. He saw a man hiding behind a tree line directing two others to move towards their left. They were trying to flank them down. 
How many were there wondered Dhruv. 
It was now or never, with the MP5 fully loaded and ready in his hand he started firing at the two men who were trying to flank them.  
Francis followed suit and opened fire at the person ahead of them who was behind the tree line. The entire forest was now echoing with the sound of gunfire around them. Bullets ricocheted around the boulder behind which they were hiding. 
Dhruv whispered to Francis to stop the firing. 
The entire forest became silent once again. 
Dhruv knew that the attack was not yet complete, the enemy now knew their position and they would again try to flank them from a broader side. They would need to fall back in the forest away from their current position and wait for the enemy. 
He signalled both Francis and Aditya to fall back from their position silently. Both of them understood and slowly started walking back from their position. 
Dhruv was quite impressed with the way Aditya handled himself in this situation. Even under fire he was calm and did what was expected to do. He had the ability to assess the situation quickly and act accordingly. He could have been a great commander in the armed forces.  
The moonlight in the forest shone brightly laminating the dense trees around it. Their trunks were gnarled, their branches still encrusted with dry brown leaves. The team had fallen back around fifty meters from their previous positions and hid behind trees. This time there was no boulder to support their hiding but they were sure that the dense forest hid their tracks.
And they waited. 
Aditya started feeling tired, the adrenaline that had kept him going was running out. The pain on his face where Aridam had hit him was coming back. He hid behind the tree and waited for either Dhruv or Francis direction. Without the night vision goggles he didn’t want to risk peeking out of the tree line. 
Francis saw a shadow of a man with his rifle pointed towards them and slowly moving forward using the trees as a cover. The man was wearing a night vision goggles similar to himself. 
A ping ricocheted off the tree branch near his head.
The man yanked out a grenade from his waistband and threw it towards his location.
“Grenade” shouted Francis as he dived in the opposite direction
The grenade exploded deafeningly. Aditya felt his ears pop as he fell prone upon the ground. 
The impact of the grenade shoved dirt and rock pieces all over the ground. Dust from the dirt and smoke nearly choked them. 
He heard gunfire and saw Dhruv firing from behind a tree. He got up and took his earlier position. 
A heavily muscled form lunged out of the darkness and slammed him from the left. Aditya coughed out his air and fell to his knees. The man reached his throat and grabbed the gun out of his hand and threw it away. 
Aditya stared up into Aridam’s face as he pulled him up in the air. He was at least half a foot taller than him. Aditya could feel his throat choking, and his lungs gasping for air as his body hung in the air. He tried to free Aridam’s hands but he was too stronger from him. In desperation, he put his thumbs in Aridam’s eyes who could not hide the shock from his face. 
Aditya gathered all his strength and kicked Aridam in the groin. The tall man grimaced in pain and dropped Aditya to the ground. Aditya coughed and gagged repeatedly, reflexively, unable to stop. His limbs floundered. 
Aridam kicked Aditya in his ribs who gasped in pain. 
Before Aridam could do any further damage, Dhruv hit him in the back of the head with his AKMS rifle butt. 
Suddenly darkness engulfed Aridam as his body slumped to the ground. 
Dhruv bent down towards Aditya who had his eyes squeezed closed in pain. He was squirming in the ground with his hands holding the side of his body where Aridam had kicked him. Dhruv touched where Aditya was holding his hands and could feel the man ribs bruised. Aditya let out a cry of pain when Dhruv’s hands touched his ribs. 
Dhruv helped Aditya to sit up against the trunk of a nearby tree. Aditya’s breathing was shallow and he definitely needed medical attention. At this point, there was nothing much Dhruv could do. 
The gunfire had stopped, Francis was still taking guard behind a tree, the night vision goggles still on his face. 
The silence in the forest was broken by the thumping sound of a helicopter which was coming closer. 
The phone in Dhruv’s pocket started vibrating, he picked it up and the voice on the other side said
“Don’t shoot the helicopter, it’s the MARCOS. Confirmation code is Chakravyuh.” 
The thumping sound was almost above their heads. Four drop lines came from the helicopter followed by four heavily suited MARCOS commandos who automatically took positions on the ground. 
Dhruv and Francis still held the weapons, this could be the enemy pretending to be Indian Commandos. 
 “Major Dhruv, we are from MARCOS. Confirmation code is Chakravyuh” the lead commando shouted. 
Dhruv looked at Francis and nodded in affirmation. The men lowered their weapons and came forward. 
“I am Major Dhruv and this is Lieutenant Francis” said Dhruv strapping his AKMS to the back
“We have a wounded friendly and an unconscious hostile that we need to move out quickly” continued Dhruv pointing towards the direction where Aditya was leaning against the trunk. 
The lead commandos spoke in his earpiece “We need a rescue vest to bring two people up”. 
He then directed two commandos to pick Aditya up and get him there. 
“You look like hell Kumbhakarna, were you sleeping like always on the job” said the commando smiling to Francis. 
“This is Captain Rathore, one of our unit team leaders in INS Abhimanyu” Francis introduced him to Dhruv
He paused for a moment and then said “Ajay is dead, that bastard killed him”   
The large man's head lowered down with the telling. What his wounds couldn't bring low, grief finally did back. Dhruv tapped his shoulder and touched the back of his head, sharing his sadness and grief. 
The captain was shocked to hear this news and mumbled a small prayer for the dead commando. 
Dhruv borrowed a couple of nylon zip ties from the captain and walked towards Aridam. 
Aridam was still lying unconscious on the floor, Dhruv zip-tied his hands and emptied his pockets of everything. He found a Ka-Bar knife strapped in his ankle and satellite phone in his breast pocket. The phone similar to the one Dhruv found earlier was locked with a code. 
The commandos came back to pick up Aridam. 
Dhruv walked past them towards Rathore, he saw Aditya in a rescue vest being pulled back in the helicopter.   
“We have a cargo that needs to be secured quickly and be delivered to the defence ministry. We also need to bring the bodies back for identification” he said to the captain. 
“The ground rescue unit on their way from INS Hamla and should be here in another thirty minutes, they can secure the cargo and deliver it to the base along with the bodies” replied the captain.
“Major, can I go with the cargo and Ajay’s body to the base.” asked Francis
“Sure, I understand” replied Dhruv
In the meantime, the two commands carried back Aridam with a black hood covering his head. The rescue vest was lowered again and the commandos adjusted the straps to quickly secure the Aridam into the system. They then signalled the helicopter to pull him up. 
Slowly his body was being pulled up by the hovering helicopter. Dhruv eyes narrowed as he saw Aridam be pulled inside the helicopter and disappear. 
“Sir, we will be here to secure the cargo and the men, you can leave to the base with the helicopter” said the captain to Dhruv
Dhruv noddle silently and grabbed a drop line, the captain spoke in his mouthpiece and the drop line started to get pulled up. 
Inside the helicopter Dhruv sat opposite Aditya who smiled at him weakly. 
“We have given him a pain killer and have injected a sedative to the prisoner so that he does not wake up unexpectedly” said one of the commandos in the helicopter. 
Once the drop line was secured back, the commandos closed the helicopter door. 
The pilot’s voice spoke through the headphones. “We reach the base in twenty minutes.” 
Amidst the deafening noise of the rotors, Dhruv felt the helicopter rising above towards its way to the base. 
 

Chapter 13

Back at the MARCOS base, the medics carried Aditya into a stretcher to their base hospital. Dhruv accompanied the Naval Police carrying Aridam who was still unconscious to the base holding prison cell. 
Inside the cell, medics stitched up the stab wound in Aridam’s shoulder and put a dressing on top of the injury. Aridam was then handcuffed to the metal bed in the cell post which they locked his cell door. During this entire time, Aridam was unconscious due to the sedation that was given to him on the helicopter. Guards were posted outside his cell with strict instructions on not to engage with him.
Before leaving the building, Dhruv instructed the MPs to call him when Aridam was awake. Once outside, he dialled a number from his memory. This was the personal number of the Defence Minister. While he was a bit wary of calling her at this hour in the night, he knew that the minister would want an update immediately. 
The phone was picked up just after a single ring, and the Defence Minister spoke on the other side. Dhruv gave her an update from morning about their visit to the Archives, trip to Tungareshwar and about the gunfight they had with Aridam near the old temple. He also spoke about the trunk filled with gold Shivrai.  
He paused for a moment choosing his next words very carefully “Madam, we have a possible mole in the Ministry or someone higher up in the armed forces. Aridam knew our names and a lot of details about us. The attack on the commandos during the salvage operations also meant that they knew about the mission earlier.  They also knew which hotel we were staying and were following us.” 
A long pause followed. Perhaps he had said the wrong thing. He didn't mean to accuse anyone but there was too much evidence about the leak in higher places. 
Finally, the minister spoke “I am going to assign a permanent handler for any support that you require. The person will connect with you later. Going forward, all the updates come directly to me and I need it daily.”
Another pause and she said “Aridam would need to be transferred to a RAW safe house, they have means to extract information. Also, I would be sending someone I trust in the morning to help you crack the satellite phones that you recovered. It is too risky now to send it to Defence Labs.” 
“Good Night Major” said the minister and ended their conversation. 
Dhruv kept the phone back in his pocket. The entire mission was taking a dangerous turn now, what was worrying him more was Aridam’s brag about a secret organisation which seemed to have deep roots in India’s history. 
Dhruv looked upwards in the sky, thinking about what he needed to do next. The stars reminded him about his toddler son and his wife. He needed to check on them. 
He walked to the main administrative building of the base. There was a young naval guard seated out there, Dhruv showed his ID and requested a phone call to be made from the desk phone. The guard nodded, and Dhruv picked up the receiver and dialled in his home landline number.
There was a possibility that the entire team’s phone line was monitored and he did not want to take a chance dialling from his new mobile phone. 
He dialled his home number and it was immediately picked up by his wife Pooja.
As soon as Dhruv said hello she asked “How are you? Are you alright?” 
“I am alright, listen I am on a mission will be out of contact for a couple of days. I will contact you directly” he said
“How is he doing?” he then added referring to their son
“He is asleep now, he was asking about you the entire day” 
Dhruv could sense the smile on her face when she talked about their son. After saying their goodbyes, he kept the phone receiver back and walked out of the administrative building. 
He had met his wife in junior college and had fallen in love with her. She was a cheerful, adventurous person who was happy to be a part of Dhruv’s plan to join the army. They got married as soon as he cleared the Indian Military Academy. 
And now they were parents of a young son. 
He checked his watch. It was almost midnight. 
He started walking towards the base hospital. The familiar buzzing of insects, crickets chirping around the base gave a somewhat peaceful feel to the place.
He entered the small hospital, which looked more like a clinic and asked for Aditya. He was shown to a small room with two beds and saw Aditya sitting up against the back of the bed. He smiled when he saw Dhruv entering the room.
“How are you feeling?” 
“I am feeling well, they have given me a painkiller and have put a brace around my ribs. Thankfully there were no broken bones. The doctor says it should heal by itself within a couple of weeks as long as I don’t do any strenuous work” he said with a smile
Dhruv saw the tiredness in the man’s eyes and said “Why don’t you sleep now, we will catch up in the morning.” 
Aditya nodded and said “Good night Dhruv.” 
“Good Night Aditya”
Dhruv then walked out of the room to the reception of the clinic. A naval guard was waiting for him. 
“Sir, if you could please follow me. I will take you to your quarters.”
Dhruv followed the guard to a two-storey building to the north side of the base. It was a small building with four rooms on each floor. 
The guard then opened the door of a room on the ground floor. The room was a sparsely furnished with a bed, a closet, a desk and an attached bathroom. 
“The mess hall is on the north side of the base. Do you need anything Sir?” asked the guard
“Nothing, Thank You” 
The guard walked out of the room and closed the door. 
Dhruv removed his shoes and laid down on the bed. Having rested very little over the past few days he was fast asleep within seconds. 
By the time Dhruv woke up in the morning the sun had already broken apart the clouds and opened blue skies. Dhruv opened the window to let in the cheery morning light, illuminating the room and him.  He completed his morning rituals and had a quick shower in the room’s attached bathroom. He then donned the Navy fatigues which were there in the closet and made his way to the mess hall in the base. 
The base’s mess hall was huge and could nearly accommodate more than two hundred people but was almost empty at this time of the hour. Dhruv quickly ate his breakfast, he wanted to check on how Aditya was doing. 
He felt responsible for him since he was the one who had involved him in this mission in the first place. Aridam had nearly killed him last night.
After he finished his breakfast, he walked towards the base hospital to meet Aditya. When he entered Aditya’s room, he was already awake and was just finishing breakfast on his bed.
Aditya smiled at Dhruv when he walked in.
“How are you?” asked Dhruv
“Much better, the pain is almost gone and the doctor said I can leave after breakfast.” 
Aditya then added “So what now?” 
“Aridam will be handed over to RAW for interrogation today. There is also a cyber-security expert who is going to meet us to help decrypt the satellite phones that we recovered.” 
“When do we visit the Kolaba Fort?” asked Aditya
“It is a bit more difficult now since Aridam’s organisation is definitely following us and I am sure someone higher up in the defence ministry is involved with them.” 
A naval guard walked in towards them, saluted and said “Sir, the base commander wants to see you in his office. If you could please follow me.” 
“I will also come with you, I am done with my breakfast” said Aditya putting the tray aside on the small table next to his bed.
Dhruv nodded and both of them followed the naval guard out of the hospital. The base commander’s office was on the east side of the base. 
Upon their arrival at the base commander’s office, they introduced themselves to the desk guard and indicated that they were reporting for a meeting. The desk guard then escorted them past the commander’s office to a small conference room down the hall. 
Sitting behind a small conference table was a woman dressed in civilian clothes. She wore a dark grey business jacket with a skirt and her hair was tied behind in a bun. Her gaze swept over the newcomers, settling a moment longer on Aditya. She got up and shook her hands with both of them and introduced herself. 
“My name is Meera, and I am from DCA” 
The Defence Cyber Agency is an arm of the Indian Armed Forces which is tasked with handling cybersecurity threats. The key objective for the agency is to focus on the international offensive and defensive capabilities of the state.
Both Aditya and Dhruv looked at each other thinking about the person that they chatted yesterday online with the handle “Mirabai”. 
They finished their introductions quickly and sat on the opposite side of the conference table. 
“I was asked to report here and meet you both about a satellite phone that needs to be unlocked.” 
Dhruv handed over the two satellite phones to her which they had recovered yesterday. While Dhruv was handing her the phone, Aditya studied her glancing, evaluating her. She was in her late twenties, long-legged with an athletic physique, dark-haired. She looked like someone who could take care of herself. Her clothes looked chic for someone who worked in a government agency. 
Meera sat down and removed a laptop from a bag next to her. She connected the phone to the laptop through a cable and ran a decryption program. 
Both Dhruv and Aditya seated across her. 
“How long do you think it will take to unlock the phone?” asked Dhruv
“This is an Iridium phone so should be less than a couple of minutes. Thuraya phones are difficult and sometimes take more than a couple of days to crack” replied Meera  
A small beep from her laptop indicated that the decryption program was now complete. 
She handed the phone back to Dhruv. Except for a last dialled number, there was nothing on the phone. No contacts stored, no messages. 
Dhruv handed the phone back to Meera and asked “Can you find out more about this number?”
“It is possible but it will take a couple of hours, I will have to hack into the satellite network to backtrace its GPS location and also put a trace on it so we can listen to any call made on this number.”
“Can we listen to calls as well?” asked Dhruv astonished 
“Sure, these phones use Iridium satellite network which uses a GMR2 Cipher which is easy to break” replied Meera coolly. 
A second beep from her laptop indicated that the second satellite phone was also unlocked. She handed the phone to Dhruv who checked for numbers and messages in it. Unfortunately, this particular phone was clean and did not have any number either stored or dialled from it. 
“Nothing” he said and handed the phone back to Meera
“I will put a trace on this phone so if anyone calls this number, we can trace the origin of the call” she replied and went back to working on her laptop. 
The door of the conference room opened and the base commander entered the conference room. He was a well-built man in his late forties and was dressed in Navy fatigues. 
All of them stood up and Dhruv saluted the commander who returned his salute. 
He smiled and shook hands with both Aditya and Meera. The commander then took his seat at the far end of the table.
“The prisoner was handed to RAW last night to be taken to a secure location.”
He paused and then added “The cargo that you recovered yesterday will be airlifted to the Nagpur vault later in the day.”
The commander’s expression turned grim, and he said “It is sad to hear about Lieutenant Ajay Bakshi, his body is being sent back to his native place in Jalandhar for his last rites.” 
All of them nodded sadly. 
The commander got up from his seat and said “This conference room is assigned to you. You can ask the duty guard for anything that you need. Jai Hind” 
He then nodded at them and walked out of the door. 
Dhruv walked towards the corner of the room and dialled the familiar number. It was picked up immediately with the familiar voice saying “Please enter your access code.” 
Dhruv followed the process of entering his access code and then after a few seconds entered his passcode. 
This time it took a couple of seconds for the line to get connected on the other side. 
“What is the support that you require Major Singh” spoke a man on the other side. Never before had someone referred to Dhruv by his name. 
He wanted to ask who the person was but realised that the minister had said that he would have a dedicated handler for support. 
Dhruv gave a list of items primarily weapons, satellite phones and an unmarked vehicle to take them to Alibaug. 
The person on the other side noted it down and said “The items will be delivered in two hours. Wait for my call.”
The voice paused for a moment and then said “Aridam escaped last night, his convoy was attacked when they were on their way to the safe house. Everyone was killed. Watch your back Major.” 
The line got disconnected. 
Aditya saw Dhruv face tightened and his eyes filled with anger.”
“What happened?” he asked
“Aridam escaped last night” replied an angry Dhruv



 

Chapter 14

The humidity in the room did not help Aridam’s mood. It was only midmorning and his naked body was already gleaming with sweat as he stood at the doors out to his penthouse balcony on the top floor of the skyscraper in south Mumbai. The doors were open but no breeze moved. 
He could see the Arabian Sea and its dark murky waters. The pylon towers of the Bandra-Worli Sea Link looked majestic. All around him he could building construction going around slums and small structures giving way to big skyscrapers. 
Aridam hated Mumbai, the smell, its traffic but mostly the people who lived in it. 
He despised the herds of people trying to earn their wage, the constant chatter, yells and the honking car. The air as well reeked of garbage and dirt. 
Even the girl that was sleeping on his bed smelled of cigarettes and sweat. She stank of Mumbai but at least the sex had been satisfactory. 
He turned from the balcony and sat on the maroon coloured wingback chair in the room. His shoulder was stiff with pain where Aditya had stabbed him. He cracked his knuckles and made a mental note to kill him in the most painful and miserable way anyone could endure. 
The rescue last night had not been easy, his convoy was heavily guarded. It seemed both RAW and MARCOS did not want to take any chance with his security. The brotherhood waited till the convoy was out of the populated area and attacked them using a combination of RPGs and machine gunfire. They didn’t realise that there were six MARCOS commandos along with Aridam in the van. A gunfire ensued between both the groups while all the MARCOS commandos were killed the brotherhood also lost eight men. 
The phone on the table next to his chair rang. He had been expecting this call. It was what had really soured his mood.
His body stiffened, he sat straight and picked up the mobile phone.
“Aridam,” he said.
“I received the report from last night’s mission.” The voice on the other side was stiff with fury.
“Sir—”
He was cut off. “I won’t accept any excuse. There is too much at stake, we lost more men in this mission than ever before. Another failure will not be tolerated.”
Aridam frowned at this last. “I would not fail you again.”
“Your actions have alerted the Nine who will no doubt try to destroy their creation quickly. They will not make the same mistake again.”
“I understand.”
“Everything has been arranged for you and get what we need. Slay anyone who stands in your way. Remember failure is not an option” 
There was a pause for a moment

“Aridam, the mission must not be jeopardized. The secret at the end of this trail must be ours.” the person on the other side finished the call and disconnected the line. 
And Aridam knew why. It had been drilled into him since he was a toddler. The ultimate goal of their sect. To bring about a New World Domination, one led by their Court, descendants of the original prince from whom everything was snatched away. 
For generations, going back centuries, their brotherhood had hunted for the arcane knowledge which the Nine possessed. Whoever possessed it would hold the “powers to rule the world,” or so it was written in the brotherhood’s scrolls.
Aridam kept the phone back on the side table. 
He needed to get his head cleared, the humidity was irritating him. He stood up, walked up to the bathroom and entered the shower enclosure. He turned on the hot water and stood under the rain head of the shower. The hot water started to erase away the stiffness of his body. He let the water flow through his body for a couple of more minutes and turned the knob off. 
Fresh from the shower, he wore a towel around his waist and went back to the same chair where he was seated early. He looked at the still body of the woman who was still asleep on his bed. 
He had come a long way from being a small-town boy to reach the higher echelon of the Assisi. And now he was just one level below the brethren as one of their most trusted commanders. He couldn’t let all hard work, the numerous killings that he had done to reach here go waste. 
He was brought into the fold of the Assisi when he was young by his father. Like him, his father was with Assisi. When he was young, he was personally trained by the best within the sect. 
The brethren taught him the ancient ways of the brotherhood. He had learned to practise every day the different techniques to kill or maim someone. He had learned to fight with swords, daggers and modern machine guns eventually to become the perfect assassin. 
But somehow, after he was accepted within the ranks, he didn’t see his father again. It was if he never existed. 
Aridam had tried to find out more about his father through the brotherhood, but the brethren always seemed to dodge his questions. At one time, he was directly told to drop the matter once for all.
Most people believed that the Assassins or Ḥashshashin as they were called earlier came from the old mountains of Persia and Syria. But only a handful few knew that Assassins were around more than a millennia before their presence was noted in the history books. 
They were worshippers of the goddess Kali and were born from the bloodbath of the Kalinga war.
The then ruthless Ashoka attacked the kingdom of peaceful Kalinga for his political growth and what followed was the deadliest battle in Indian history. More than a quarter of a million people died in the battlefield. It is said that there was so much bloodshed that the Daya River flowing next to the battlefield turned completely red.
While the aftermath of the war made Ashoka embrace Buddhism and made him the emperor people now know him as, the people of Kalinga lost everything, including their benevolent King Anantha Padmanabhan and Princess Rajeshwari. 
The princess who had fought bravely till the end died alongside her soldiers. 
History, as they say, is written by winners. The sacrifice of the king and his daughter lay forgotten with the passage of time. 
The king had a young son who was secretly taken away by the king’s prime minister after their defeat in the war to Atavika region of the kingdom. Ashoka had captured most of the Kalinga Empire but was not able to capture Atavika which was on the west of the kingdom and was covered with dense impenetrable forest and mountain ranges.  
The young prince grew among the local tribes, consumed by revenge over the death of his father and his sister, he vowed to destroy the Maurya reign. 
He knew that he couldn’t take the Maurya reign in an all-out war. 
The prince set out to create a sect Assisi all by his own, one consisting of a small, specially trained inner circle, insulated by a larger outer circle of general members whose job was to give supply and protect the inner circle. Over the years the rings of circle increased and replaced by ranks within the brotherhood with the inner circle members being only the descendant of the prince. 
Although the ‘Paditik’ or the foot soldier was the lowest rank in the sect’s order and were only used as expendable pawns to do the sect’s bidding, much time and resources were put into training them. 
The Paditik’s were generally young in age, giving them the physical prowess and stamina which would be required to carry out their missions. However, physical power was not the only trait that was expected to be a part of the Assisi. To get to their targets, the Assassins needed to be patient, cold-hearted and calculating. They were intelligent, well-read and appeared sophisticated because they were required to possess not only knowledge about their enemy, but his or her culture and their language. They were trained to be masters of disguise and to sneak into enemy territory to perform the assassinations, instead of simply attacking their target outright. 
Series of secret assassination followed after Ashoka’s reign destabilising his succession and finally leading to the demise of the Mauryan Empire. After the goal had been met the sect wavered from their original objective leading to many conflicts within the inner circle members. 
Nearly a millennia later one of the inner circle member unhappy with the vision and the progress they were making moved eastwards towards the old kingdom of Persia. There he found his pupil and protégé who influenced by his teachings and training led to the creation of the now-infamous Ḥashshashin. 
The original sect grew smaller in size over a period of time and was almost lost by the mid-thirteenth century. The saviour came from a young inner circle member who was a direct descendant of the prince. He provided the vision of moving away from their present roles of providing mercenaries and assassins to become the influencers with the power to start wars and run world affairs. 
The new Assisi was then purported to be part of a cabal that operated through many front organizations. It orchestrated significant political and financial events, ranging from causing crises to pushing through controversial religious and political policies, at both national and world levels. These were steps in an ongoing plot to achieve world domination.
The power of the brotherhood has now become so strong that it stood the antiquity of the ages. 
Today the brotherhood has become a powerful and secretive elite organisation with a globalist agenda with the prime vision to eventually rule the world through an autonomous world government, which would replace sovereign nation-states. 
What was important now was not to lose his head over yesterday’s incident. The clue from the salvage led them to the gold in Tungareshwar, but it was not what they were looking for. The only way to reach their goal was to follow Aditya and Dhruv. Both of them seemed quite resourceful and had reached the temple even without the clue. 
He needed to regroup with his team and move ahead. 
Aridam got up from the chair and went to an adjoining door in the room. The door to this room was secured by a biometric scanner which opened only with his right thumb. 
He entered the room, closed the door and switched on the light. The room was a massive larder, well stocked with automatic guns, knives and ammo.  He picked up a suppressed HK416 and four extra magazines. He visualized killing both Aditya and Dhruv as slowly and painfully as possible begging for mercy as they died. 
Feeling confident Aridam left the penthouse and entered the lift to go down to the basement where his SUV was parked. Once in the basement, he walked towards his parked Land Rover. One of his lieutenants was already in the SUV and started it when he saw Aridam. 
The Land Rover came out of the basement and drove towards the Eastern Freeway. Being a weekend traffic was sparse at this time of the day. Their destination was a warehouse in Turbhe, which was near Navi Mumbai. The warehouse was registered to one of the front organisation of the brotherhood.  No doubt following Aditya and Dhruv would be challenging, Aditya had picked up his tail in Mumbai quite easily and so did the MARCOS commandos. 
 But this time Aridam had a plan.  
 

Chapter 15

“How did he escape?” asked Aditya leaning forward
“It seems there was an attack on the convoy last night and he was rescued, all the agents were killed” said Dhruv 
“Who is Aridam” asked Meera quizzing 
Both Dhruv and Aditya looked at each other, thinking whether she could be trusted with this information. They still didn’t know how deep Aridam’s organisation had infiltrated the defence ministry. 
Dhruv then realised that she was personally selected by the minister herself, which meant that she could be trusted with the details on the operations.
“He was the prisoner that we captured in last night operations” replied Dhruv
“And now he escaped?” 
“Yes” 
A long silence stretched which was broken by Meera.
“There is no point in putting the trace on these satellite phones, Aridam would have informed his contacts about us being in possession of them now”
“She is right” said Aditya
“So what’s next?” she asked
“Hold on, you are not involved in this and I am not sure whether we need to include you in this” replied an exasperated Dhruv
“Major, there is nothing that you know of me or of my skills. I could be of help in whatever you are doing right now” said Meera calmly
“Like what” questioned Dhruv walking towards the conference table
“I am good with cyber forensics, hacking, electronic surveillance and I can also kick butt” she replied, leaning forwards towards the table. 
Aditya studied her. 
She then added “If I was a man, you wouldn’t have hesitated to include me in your team with my clearance level”
Looking at the expressions of both of them she knew that she had touched a nerve. Still, she read Dhruv’s darkening expression. Anger and annoyance had replaced the man’s coddling tones. She decided to stop the prodding for a moment. 
Before any of them could answer the door of the conference room opened, and Francis walked in. He looked at all three of them and sat in the chair opposite Meera. He was now sporting a bandage across his nose. There were purplish bruises under his eyes, his eyes looked tired probably with the lack of sleep. 
“How are you feeling?” asked Dhruv
“Better, just tired. I will feel good when I break Aridam’s nose in the cell” said Francis slowly stressing on the last part
The rest of them looked at each other not knowing how to break the bad news to the big man. 
“He escaped last night” Dhruv said finally
“What… How?” Francis asked infuriated as he pushed the chair and stood up. They could sense anger rising within him as his brows arched together and his eyes narrowed now looking at Dhruv.
“He was being taken to a safe house, his convoy was attacked and his people rescued him” said Dhruv calmly 
Aditya walked around towards him and put a hand on the shoulder of the big man. Trying to calm him down. Francis looked at him, his face saddened with grief for his friend who was killed by Aridam last night.
“We will get him Francis and make him pay for Ajay” said Aditya. There was a sadness in his tone but Francis knew that the man meant each word of what he said. 
He sat down back on the chair and started taking deep breaths as if to control his emotions. None of them said anything. 
Finally, he said “There was this one question that has been nagging me since last night”
“What?” asked Aditya
“Why did Aridam look upset when we pulled out the trunk filled with gold, it was as if he was searching for something else other than the gold”
“What gold?” asked Meera
Dhruv was in a fix, he didn’t know what to say to Francis. The MARCOS commando had proven his loyalty last night and he trusted him. Meera was a different matter, they didn’t know anything about her other than that she was personally selected by the minister. 
Sensing Dhruv’s predicament, Aditya said to him “I think we can trust them Dhruv. Why don’t we all sit down?”
Aditya then started explaining what transpired in the last three days beginning on how he met Dhruv, the gold Shivrai, his theory about the Battle of Kalyan and the secret weapon. He talked about their trip to Delhi and how they were personally asked by the defence minister to look into this mystery.  
Francis spoke about their time on INS Thakshak, the salvage operations and how they were attacked during their dive to Meera. Dhruv finally chipped in about their visit to the department of archives, their trip to Tungareshwar forest, the fight with Aridam and the trunk full of gold Shivrai” 
“Asoka?” 
“What?”
“I am Mirabai, Mirabai from our chats” said Meera smilingly
Aditya was pleasantly surprised. He had always wondered how the Mirabai would look in real life. 
“What Mirabai?” this time it was Francis’s turn to be surprised
Aditya explained how they met on chatroom to discuss Indian history and mythology. 
“Like that Bollywood movie Dil Hi Dil Mein” said Francis with a smile leaning towards Aditya
Aditya blushed and said “Nothing like that, we just share common interests” He looked at Meera who wore a passive look on her face. 
“Now that we know each other and what has transpired in the last three days, can we decide on the next steps” said Dhruv with a serious tone which got everyone’s attention. 
“If my theory is correct, then the secret weapon or whatever it was would be in Alibaug. We should start at the Kolaba fort” said Aditya
“The Kolaba Fort is big and filled with day picnickers, it’s not that we can look under each stone. We don’t even know what we are looking at” said Francis
“That’s not correct, we do know that it is small enough to be hidden in the trunk that we found last night” said Aditya
“Also Anandrao would not have left it in the open, it would have to be hidden somewhere safe where people would not find it easily” added Meera
“But what is the secret weapon” asked an exasperated Francis 
There was an eerie silence in the room with all of them thinking about what the weapon could be.
“It is definitely not a conventional weapon like a bomb. Though gun powder was available during that time the crafting techniques were not sophisticated enough. Also, the size is too small to make an impact. I think it is a bio-weapon like a disease carrying bacteria or virus” said Meera
Aditya had not considered that. He should have. Dhruv met his eyes and shrugged his brows. The DCA agent was proving herself to be more than a pretty package.
“I think you are right” said an impressed Aditya
A small beep sounded on Dhruv’s phone, breaking the silence in the room. 
Dhruv looked at his phone, the message was from an “Unknown” caller id and said “Fortune Star Hotel, Vashi. Ask reception”
“Our stuff has arrived and we would have to pick it up from Vashi” said Dhruv
“Aridam would definitely be following us once we are outside the base.” Said Aditya
“hmmm, maybe we can do a three-cup trick”  said Dhruv
Dhruv walked out of the conference room and spoke to the duty guard outside about their requirement. The guard nodded and went outside the administrative building. 
Dhruv then walked back to the conference room.
“The plan is in motion, there will be three trucks which will exit the base. We will be on the third one. After five minutes of the truck's departure, an Innova would also leave towards Pune. If anyone is watching the base they would think we are in the Innova. The truck will take us to a hotel in Vashi from there we are on our own to Alibaug.” 
The door of the conference room opened and desk guard walked in and saluted the Major and informed the group that the convoy was ready to move. 
They gathered their stuff and walked behind the guard to the waiting trucks outside the base commander’s office. The trucks were standard army supply trucks which were painted in olive green camouflage. The back of the truck was covered with an olive coloured tarp. Dhruv climbed the back of the third truck followed by Meera, Aditya and lastly Francis. Once seated inside, Dhruv knocked the panel behind the driver to indicate they were ready to move. 
The trucks started moving slowly and then after sometime picked up speed. None of them knew the route the trucks were going to take. 
“Which route are we taking to Vashi” asked Aditya looking towards Dhruv.
“I am not sure, all I asked that we needed to be dropped near the Fortune Star hotel. The plan is that outside the base compound each of the trucks will take a different route towards INS Hamla and since they will have to cross Vashi on their way it would not look suspicious if someone is following us”
Aditya gathered his thoughts and his resolve. He cleared his throat. “How did Aridam know so much about us? I didn’t even know you three days ago” he asked, looking straight into Dhruv’s eyes. 
“A leak” Dhruv replied and continued.
“Someone higher up in the defence ministry. I briefed the minister last night about my suspicions on the same. That’s how she sent Meera to us directly rather than sending the phones to DCA. I also have a new support handler”  
“What do you mean by support handler?” asked Aditya curiously as he leaned forward 
Dhruv cleared his throat and hesitated for a moment. He was a bit unsure till what details he could share with the group on his past missions which were all classified. Before he could think of an answer Meera responded to Aditya’s question.
“In special forces, they have a support line to call in case of emergencies during a mission. The support handler would then try and arrange for any help required. Mostly these are top classified clandestine mission which I am sure that the Major cannot discuss with us.” 
The DCA agent continued to impress Dhruv. 
Before Aditya could ask one more question. 
Francis spoke “So what’s your story?” he questioned Meera. 
Meera glanced to him. She was sharp enough to understand the tack of where the conversation was going. She took a deep breath and said “I think I can help with you with this mission like I said to the Major earlier, I have varied skills that might come handy.”
Francis demeanour hardened “How do we know that you are not one of the leaks? Knowing the resources that Aridam has, you could well be the spy for him?”
He then turned towards Dhruv his face cold with anger “Did we check her ID and with the ministry that she is what she claims to be. She might have killed the real agent and could have taken her place.”  
Meera frowned, her brow furrowing together at the accusation that Francis was making about her. She took a deep breath and replied calmly to the MARCOS commando 
“My access code is DM879312 which you can check with the DCA, and the minister can vouch for me personally.”  
Aditya interrupted “And why do you think the minister will vouch for you personally?”
Now visibly annoyed with the questioning, Meera blurted out “Because she personally recruited me in DCA and because she is my aunt.”
“Are you Ravi Iyer’s daughter?” asked Dhruv politely to her.
“Yes, he is my father” replied Meera 
The defence minister was a very private person, and little was known about her maternal family in the public domain. The minister had a younger brother who lived in America and was a well-known economist and a professor at Stanford University. Like his sister, he was a private person and did not enjoy public life much. 
Francis apologised “I am sorry about the accusations, I just lost my best friend and right now other than Dhruv and Aditya it is difficult for me to trust anyone.” 
She stared into his eyes. He could not keep the sadness and apology out of his voice. Meera nodded to the big man sitting opposite her.
With a firm resolution, she said “We will get that SOB.”  
There was silence for some time and then Aditya asked “How do we plan to go to Alibaug from Vashi” 
“We would be taking the car from the hotel basement to Alibaug” replied Dhruv.
“Why not take a boat directly from Vashi jetty to Kolaba fort. It would be faster by road and we can easily track if someone is following it” said Francis
“That is a good idea” said Dhruv
He hadn’t thought about this, the commando was showing to be more brains than brawns. 
The truck started to slow down and stopped. The driver of the truck knocked the panel between them, indicating that they had arrived at their destination.
Dhruv signalled Francis to alight first and check. 
Once out of the truck Francis looked around, the truck had stopped on the opposite lane of the hotel. It was almost noon but the traffic was heavy and the footpaths were full of roadside vendors selling their wares. 
The hotel was in the midst of a shopping zone and the weekend crowd was heavy. Francis looked around the truck to see anything suspicious, but no one around gave the truck or him a second look. He opened the tarp and signalled the others to follow. Once out the truck, Dhruv banged the side of the truck indicating the driver that they were out. The truck soon followed the traffic towards Mumbai. 
The group crossed the road and reached the gates of Fortune Star Hotel. 
 
 
Chapter 16

The four of them walked into the hotel. Dhruv walked to the reception while the rest of them waited in the lobby of the hotel. He showed his photo identification and asked if there was a package for him. 
“There are two rooms booked for you already for one night with twin beds. The rooms also have interconnecting doors. We received your luggage, and it’s already been sent to your room. Here are the keys” said the person manning the hotel reception and handed him two key cards. 
Dhruv gestured the rest of them to follow towards the elevator. Once inside he pressed for the seventh floor. Their rooms were in the far end of the passage next to Emergency Exit stairwells. Dhruv opened the room with the key card and all of them entered. 
The room was of standard size with twin beds. There was a large hardtop trolley bag next to the wardrobe. Dhruv picked up the bag and placed it on top of the bed. He then opened it and laid out the items on the bed. 
There were two suppressed HK MP5 and with four extra magazines, four SIG Sauer P226 pistols with eight extra magazines, four sheath knives, four satellite phones similar to the ones they had seized from Aridam and his men. Both Dhruv and Francis began checking the weapons when it all checked out Dhruv handed the SIG Sauer pistol along with two magazines each to both Aditya and Meera. He then handed over one satellite phone each to everyone. The contacts were already pre-added on the phone.
As soon as the gun was handed to Meera, she did a chamber and safety check on her pistol which impressed Dhruv. A look at Meera told him that the DCA agent was well trained and was not new to these situations. 
“I am going to check on the car in the hotel basement, why don’t you order room service for all of us” said Dhruv and walked out of the room
As soon as the door closed, both Aditya and Meera heard a loud rumbling sound. 
“I’m sorry it is my stomach, didn’t realise how hungry I was” said Francis sheepishly.
Both of them cracked a smile looking at the big man. 
Francis picked up the room phone and ordered room service. 
“It will take around thirty minutes for room service” said Francis and then went to the adjoining room through the interconnecting door leaving both Meera and Aditya alone in the room. 
There was a bit of awkward silence between them. They usually would end up chatting online for hours, but today in person it seems they didn’t have much to say.
Aditya looked at Meera, her eyes looked bright and cheek pink. Being a loner, he didn’t have much experience with the opposite sex. Moreover, his passion for History and Mythology kept him busy on the weekends and public holiday. Other than Mirabai online, he had never met any female who shared his interests and passions. 
Most women he met formally were mostly scientist discounting the receptionist at the SAC-A office. The woman seated opposite seemed to take his breath away.
He cleared his throat but his mouth still felt dry. He was surprised at how nervous he was. 
“So what made you decide to join DCA” he asked awkwardly.  
Meera smiled at Aditya, she had always liked him online. She found him mysterious yet clearly very intelligent and passionate about the topics they chatted. Over the years there was a feeling of closeness, but he never flirted with her. He behaved more like a long-distance office colleague. 
Now seeing him in person, she thought he was cute with a boyish charm – a little shy and quiet. 
“I was always good at computers from the beginning. After my masters from MIT my aunt sort of persuaded me to come back from the US and give a shot at the DCA.”
Before he could ask another question, Francis came back into the room and sat on one the twin beds rubbing his stomach over his jacket. 
“I really can't wait. I'm starving.” 
He went back to the room phone to dial the room service number. But even before he could dial, the main door opened and Dhruv stormed in. 
“We’ve got company.”
“Company?” Francis asked the receiver still in hand. Meera immediately understood. “How many of them?”
“Not sure, I saw two of them in the hotel lobby, and I am sure there would be others as well watching the entrances.” 
Aditya’s eye grew larger “How did they follow us?”  
“I am not sure but it is time for an early checkout, everyone.”
Francis sighed heavily “But the room service is yet to arrive.” 
They quickly grabbed their gear and Dhruv led everyone in a rush down the hall toward the hotel’s fire escape. It was just around the corner from his room. Reaching the door, he tugged it open and stepped aside for Meera and the others. “Let’s head down” he ordered. 
They reached the ground floor quickly towards the assembly area of the hotel. Thankfully for them, the assembly area was behind the hotel and was not visible from the front gates. Dhruv signalled them to scale the wall and jump on the other side.  The wall was just around seven feet, Francis crossed and dropped to a knee with his fingers laced. Everyone quickly stepped into his grip and climbed the wall to jump over. 
Aditya stumbled a bit when landing. A sharp pain ran through his body. He clutched his ribs which was still feeling sore from last night and held back a wince. The effect of the pain killers seemed to be subsiding. 
They had landed on the backside of Vashi Central Mall. 
“What Next?” asked Meera
“We need a change of clothes, let's go inside” 
The mall was a mid-sized one much smaller than the mega malls that had sprung across the country in recent times. The three-floor mall was filled with weekend shoppers carrying large shopping bags and walking in and out of the various stores. 
Dhruv showed his army ID to the security guards manning the entrance and got the group bypass the metal detectors. 
All of them followed Dhruv to the clothing section on the ground floor. 
“Let’s make this quick and don’t forget to get a cap as well. Also no electronic payments but just cash. We meet back here in twenty minutes” 
The rest of them nodded and wandered into different directions. 
Aditya picked up a light blue Levi jeans and a black varsity jacket and cap. He paid the amount in cash to the cashier and walked out of the store. 
Dhruv and Francis were already there. Both of them dressed in dark civilian clothes meant not to stand out. Each of them carrying a backpack which Aditya guessed was stuffed with their MP5 rifle and other gears.
All three of them now waited for Meera to come. It didn’t take her much time and they could see her walking towards them. 
She was dressed casually in midnight-blue jeans and a dark green V-neck sweater. Her black hair tied to a bun accented against the sweater. 
“Now we need to get a car quickly” replied Dhruv 
“Leave that to me” said Francis and signalled them to follow him.
They followed Francis to the parking lot of the mall. He quickly started scanning out for the parking bays for a specific type of car.
“Guys, try and find a Bolero or a Tata Sumo” he said to the others.
The others nodded and quickly spread out in searching for it. Within a few seconds, Aditya whistled to the others. He was standing next to a white coloured Bolero. 
Francis quickly removed his jacket and wrapped around his fist and before anyone could react punched a hole in the SUV’s window on the driver’s side. 
He then quickly entered the SUV and pulled the panel below the steering wheel by sheer force. He then proceeded to cut two brown coloured wires and two red ones and joined them. The SUV came to life. 
The others quickly entered the car, Dhruv rode shotgun with Meera and Aditya in the back. 
“Hang tight!” Francis called to them as he hauled the SUV into gear, pounded the gas, and sent them squealing out of the parking and into the street. 
He took the narrow streets at breakneck speeds and reached the back lane of the Palm Beach road. At this hour the traffic was heavy, he wheeled the car in between the weekend traffic and eased off the accelerator.
“Where did you learn to hot-wire a car” asked Dhruv visibly impressed with the commando’s ability to slide into any role as easily as changing clothes.
“My dad was a mechanic and I used to be a grease monkey when I was a kid” replied Francis coolly. 
“There is a fisherman’s jetty near Sea Woods, we should be able to take a boat from there to the Kolaba fort” he added. 
It took them nearly twenty minutes to reach the Jetty. Francis parked the SUV near the Jetty and walked towards one of the fishing trawlers anchored closed to the Jetty. He called out to the person who was cleaning the deck of the trawler. 
Francis walked up to him and showed his Navy ID card to the fisherman and spoke to him in the local language. After speaking to him for a couple of minutes, he pulled out his wallet and handed over the five thousand the Major had given him yesterday to the fisherman. The fisherman smiled and called out to the others to board the boat.
The trawler started its way down south towards Alibaug. With the sun still on top of their heads, the air was still on the deck of the trawler. The group stood near the bow of the ship looking at the calmness of the sea. Aditya leaned over the edge of the ageing trawler as it bobbed forward in the calm waters of the Thane creek towards the Arabian Sea.   
Aditya checked his watch. They had taken off half an hour ago and it would still be more than an hour until they reached Alibaug. He looked around and the rest seemed quite in their own thoughts. 
Dhruv’s plan with the three trucks was solid. Yet Aridam managed to follow them and knew exactly which hotel they were staying. 
Who was he and how did he manage to that, Aditya thought. But he did not speak this worry aloud. 
“Whoever this mole is we need to find out quickly” Francis said, breaking the silence. 
“What worries me is that no one knew the hotel we booked other than us and the handler” Dhruv said, his voice sounding strained. 
Everyone realised the implication of the statement Dhruv made. 
“Unless he found a way and was watching all the trucks” Aditya said
Dhruv felt the ring of truth in Aditya’s words. 
The rest of the journey to Alibaug nearly took another hour and a half. The trawler dropped them at a fishing jetty near Alibaug beach. From the jetty, they could see the beach packed with weekend picnickers and also the Kolaba fort. 
The tide was coming in and the sun was starting to set low. 
“The sun is going to set soon and we wouldn’t be able to do any search in the fort now.” said Aditya
“I know just the place for the night and it is not far from here, we can take a rickshaw down” said Dhruv
The hotel it seems was a part of a community, home to a small Catholic hamlet. The last remaining small community where Portuguese Creole is spoken. 
The hotel appeared nondescript from the street. A small plaque on a wall, no larger than Dhruv’s palm, read Casa di Chaul. The hotel had been converted out of a small building, dating from the early twentieth century. 
They entered the small lobby inside. A small hanging bell at the door announced the group’s entrance. The back wall was covered with ancient maps and bits of cartography. 
A wizened old man in a buttoned vest met Dhruv behind a small wooden front desk. His face cracked into a warm smile. “It has been a long time, Dhruv,” the proprietor said warmly in English, recognizing Dhruv. 
“It has, Mr Rodrigues.”
Dhruv exchanged a few pleasantries, long enough for Francis to come striding into the space. The larger man’s eyes swept the walls. Being a part of the navy, he nodded his approval at the choice of decor.
“Mr Rodrigues, I was wondering if you have some rooms vacant.” Dhruv forced his voice not to sound desperate. 
The old man smiled “Sure, how many do you need?” 
Dhruv’s relief felt like a rush of cold water. “Four” 
Mr. Rodrigues reached into a cubby behind his desk, removed four keys and passed it to Dhruv. “First floor. The view of the garden is very nice from those rooms.”
Dhruv thanked the old owner again and headed to the stairs with the others following suit. It was a narrow, winding way more of a ladder than a stairwell making them go in a single file. 
Reaching the floor, Dhruv followed the wall signs to find their rooms. 
He handed over the keys to others and said “Let’s regroup in fifteen minutes in my room.” 
They entered their rooms totally oblivious to the fact that their entire journey to Alibaug was being watched by eyes in the skies in the form of a drone flying several hundred feet above them. 

 

Chapter 17


The Land Rover entered the nondescript warehouse in Turbhe through its wide doors. The entire warehouse was filled with brotherhood men armed with HK MP5SD and dressed in civilian clothes. Some of the men were offloading equipment from black coloured cases and loading them into five Mahindra Scorpio SUVs. 
The entire warehouse and its compound were secured by a sophisticated security system including CCTV, motion detectors and twenty-four-hour monitoring. 
On his way to the warehouse, Aridam had instructed his team to get the drones ready for this mission. This time he had no intention of letting Aditya and Dhruv know that they were being followed. 
Once all the cases were offloaded he entered the lead SUV and signalled everyone to start. His men entered the SUV in groups of four.  Their destination was the MARCOS base in Uran. On his way he made several phone calls, this time he didn’t want to leave anything to chance. 
Since Indian independence, the brotherhood had managed to infiltrate the highest level of the government and its various branches. Over a period of time these agents would pass critical information, favour contracts towards the brotherhood organisation and influence policies of the government. 
One such agent had shared the convoy details last night which helped the brotherhood stage a rescue for Aridam. The agent was instructed to let Aridam know when Dhruv and Aditya would leave the base and how. He was sure that Dhruv would have figured out a way to leave the base undetected and he would now have to rely on the agent to pass this information. 
His team reached Uran an hour later and spread across various junction points outside the base. Each of them was connected through a state-of-the-art Motorola APX-3000 radio system which was designed for covert operation and had a range of more than fifty kilometres.  
“Stay sharp and report anything unusual. Whatever happens there is no shooting till I give the go-ahead” said Aridam into his earphone mic. 
Around twenty minutes later, he received a coded message in his phone which said “Gate 3, third truck” 
“Team 1, launch the drone, they are coming out from Gate 3 and would be on the third truck” he ordered on the radio. 
Aridam’s team had packed six drones, these were the modified version of the popular DJI Mavic. The modification increased their battery life to a couple of hours and the drone’s range to around ten kilometres. 
The men launched the drone in the air and immediately it started relaying live pictures from its high definition camera. 
“Take the drone up to one thousand feet. I don’t want anyone to see the drone even by accident.” 
The drone flew higher in the sky with its focus shrinking. The entire base was now visible similar to a birds eye’s view from the drone. He saw the three olive-green trucks lined up and within a few minutes, he saw four figures walking down towards the third truck and getting inside the back of the truck. 
The camera zoomed in and the drone now started following the third truck. 
The team realised after some time that the truck was on-route towards Navi Mumbai.
“Launch the second drone, they are moving towards Navi Mumbai. Team 2 and 3 you stay in front of the truck” ordered Aridam on his radio. 
The drones continued to follow the truck till Navi Mumbai. Throughout the journey, Aridam’s eyes never left the tablet on which he was looking at the live video feed.
He saw the truck stopping and the driver getting out. 
“The truck has stopped. Stay alert everyone and keep your distance.” 
From the drone’s live video feed, he saw the group getting out of the truck and entering the Fortune Star Hotel. 
He grinned at himself, so far his plan was successful. 
He then started barking orders to his men.
“I want two men each watching the entry and exit gates. Also two without weapons in the lobby. Keep at least two drones up at all times.”  
Aridam didn’t want to let his guard down, the Major’s group had shown to be resourceful. Aridam closed his eyes, if he let down the brotherhood this time, they would have his heart cut out … and probably more. 
Working with the brotherhood, he had always considered an escape plan to disappear. He had money stashed around the globe but deep down he knew that he wouldn’t be safe if he took that route. 
He’d still be hunted down. 
Aridam’s radio buzzed in his ear. “I’ve got movement around the hotel, zooming in on video” 
Aridam frowned, on the drone’s video he could see Dhruv’s group outside the hotel and it seems they were jumping over the hotel wall to the other side. 
“We might have a problem, the next building is Vashi Central. It’s a shopping mall and we might lose them there” said a voice on the radio
Aridam clenched his fist, he hadn’t come this far to lose.
He growled on earpiece “Put two more drones up covering the all the entrances and exits. I want four of you in the mall. Make sure you are not carrying any weapons and keep your distance.”
His men entered the mall through the front quickly.
With two more drones up he could now see four live videos feeds in his tablet. Two of the drones were focusing on the perimeter of the wall and the other two were panned out to cover the entire mall. 
Mall traffic was high due to the weekend and there were a lot of people entering and exiting the mall. 
More than ten minutes had passed and Aridam was starting to panic. He eyes continually cycling through the four video feeds. A look of apprehension spread across his face. He was feeling nervous and worried.
Suddenly a voice crackled in the earpiece “Got them, there are in the clothing section on the ground floor. It seems that they are changing clothes” 
“I want everyone to keep an eye on them, don’t lose them” he directed on the radio. 
“They are moving towards mall parking in the basement.”
After another tense five minutes, the voice again crackled “They are in White Bolero now coming out of the mall quickly. The number plate is MH43AF9120.” 
Another voice crackled “Got them on the drone, their SUV just exited the mall.” 
“I want two drones to continue following them. The rest come back to the cars, and we will follow them on the road” 
“They are on Palm Beach road en-route towards Sea Woods” continued the voice on the radio. 
Aridam and his men continued on the Palm Beach road following the Major’s Bolero. Aridam was riding shotgun and his eyes glinting with fury were unceasingly monitoring the video feed from the drone. 
The Major’s car was blazing through the traffic and it was getting difficult to follow the SUV on the road. 
A motorcycle veered on the road. But they were across. 
The Major’s SUV was still in sight, less than half a dozen cars ahead now, yet still apparently unaware being followed. 
Through the drone, he saw them stopping near the Jetty and getting out of the SUV. 
“Stay clear of the SUV” 
After some time he saw the group getting aboard the trawler. There was definitely a woman in the group. Aridam couldn’t see her face clearly due to the angle of the drone. 
“Shit ….”
Aridam cursed loudly as he saw the trawler removing its mooring line to steer away from the jetty. He could see his careful plan was falling to pieces. Even with all its contingencies, he had not considered the possibility of sea travel. 
The drones have been up since some time and they needed to be recharged. 
Also if the trawler was planning to go onto open seas then following them would be difficult, and there was a possibility of being discovered. 
Aridam’s team had carried six drones up and already four of them were used considerably. 
“Get the next two drones up and the get the others down to recharge” he scowled in the earpiece. 
Aridam quickly needed to devise a way to follow the Major. 
Following them on a fishing boat would be risky. On water, it is easy to notice someone being followed. Using a helicopter was also not advisable since the noise of the rotors could easily give away their presence. 
Aridam opened google maps on his tab and zoomed out to show their location on the map. 
It was almost late afternoon and his gut said that the Major’s trawler would not be venturing out to high sea.
He was confident that the trawler was not going towards Mumbai but down the Konkan line. Using google maps he thought of various points the trawler could stop along the way. 
From the online map, he could see different waypoints from where his team could track them with drones with minimal possibility of losing them. 
The only risk was near Elephanta and Jawahar Deep islands where ship traffic would be high due to the weekend.   
“I want Team 1 Uran, Team 2 in Kihim, Team 3 in Thal and Team 4 in Alibaug. Park yourselves closer to a beach and when I tell you to launch the drone.” 
“We are going to track them like relay race” he said on the mouthpiece with smug over his face. 
Aridam got out of his car and walked towards the jetty. There was only one small machwa fishing boat moored to the jetty. 
A lone fisherman was tying up his fishing net when he heard footsteps. He saw three men walking towards him. One of them was very tall more than six feet. 
Before he could get up the tall man whipped out a gun and point towards him. 
“Start the boat” he ordered. 
As soon as the fisherman started the diesel boat there was a muffed cough and Aridam shot the fisherman. His men pushed the fisherman’s body overboard and removed the moor from the jetty. The boat then proceeded into the sea following the Major’s trawler. 
Through the drones, he could see the trawler moving past Kihim on its way to Alibaug.
“This is team 3 we have a tire puncture and will not be able to reach Thal on time. We will look for an alternative.” 
“Reach Kashid instead in case the trawler goes beyond Alibaug” ordered Aridam
“Understood” came the reply on the radio. 
After almost more than two hours, the trawler finally stopped and moored in Alibaug. Thankfully the team in Alibaug reached before time and were in place with the drone. 
 “They are getting out of the trawler and moving towards the rickshaw stand” said the voice in the radio
“Everyone converge in on Alibaug” instructed Aridam
The drone continued to follow the Force Minidor rickshaw as it moved in and out of side streets towards the small old building where it finally stopped. 

Chapter 18

Fifteen minutes later the three of them sat in Dhruv’s room. Aditya’s hair was slicked down, still wet from a shower. 
Outside the sun was near to setting. 
Dhruv stopped pacing the room and cleared his throat. Time to get to business. 
“I think it is safe to assume that we could be followed again.” his face dead serious. 
“It seems that Aridam’s organisation tentacles are spread far and wide.” Meera spoke with a fixed expression. 
“Aridam mentioned that his organisation existed since Samrat Ashoka’s time. I can’t think about any secret society which existed that far long” added Aditya 
“Not to mention that they are armed to the teeth” grumbled Francis
Dhruv nodded. 
Silence settled over the group as they all pondered the many perplexities here. 
“I need to brief the minister about today’s event,” said Dhruv and started walking out “Why don’t all of you start thinking about what to do next?” 
The call with the minister took around twenty minutes during which Aditya briefed her about the entire day’s event and what they were planning to do next. The minister listened quietly, even if she had questions she didn’t ask any. 
Dhruv finished the call and entered back in the room. 
The room had quickly turned into a research think tank, sort of. Both Aditya and Meera hunched over Meera’s laptop. Francis was lied down on the bed, light snores emanating from him indicated that he had fallen asleep.
“Any thoughts on how can we search the fort without being seen?” Dhruv asked looking at both Aditya and Meera. 
“We couldn’t find much more about the Kolaba fort other than what we already knew.” said Meera
Aditya said “Tomorrow being a Monday, we should see less tourist at the fort, but there is too much ground to cover and we don’t know where to start.”  
“What Aditya is referring to is that we need is a local guide or a historian who can help us with a starting point” added Meera smiling at Aditya 
Francis got up from his sleep and spoke up “Why not ask the owner?” 
Dhruv lifted one eyebrow “Good idea” and walked to the room phone. 
He dialled the reception and spoke “Mr. Rodrigues, I was wondering if you would know any local guide or historian who help us with some information about the Kolaba Fort” 
“Father Albert is the best historian in Alibaug and he should be able to help you. You can trust him.” said the old owner and gave instruction to reach the house where the priest lived. 
“I’ll call him and let him know that you are coming”
“Thanks Mr. Rodrigues” said Dhruv and kept the receiver down. 
“There is a catholic priest nearby who is the local historian, let’s go” said Dhruv to the others. 
“Can we please stop somewhere to eat first” said Francis 
The rest also nodded in agreement with Francis. 
The sun had already set and the street lights were out when they reached the place. The priest’s house was next to a church at the centre of a small hamlet. It consisted of homes painted in many colours, distinct from any of the other houses that they had witnessed in Alibaug. Few local elderly men and women looked at the group with intrigue. 
They continued to walk through the hamlet while gazing at the old fashioned neighbourhood, they could hear the locals speaking an unfamiliar language. 
Father Albert’s was a single storied house which opened into a small courtyard in the front. There was a small covered in porch with a built-in seating area. 
When they reached the porch, Francis stepped next to Dhruv and touched his elbow. “I’ll keep watch out here.” 
Dhruv nodded and walked towards the door and knocked. They were surprised to hear the sound of a dog viciously barking. Next, they heard an elderly man’s voice shout at the dog to be still. 
“Come on in, the door is open” shouted the voice from inside. 
As they entered the house, Dhruv turned back to see Francis near the gate in a tactical position, his eyes continuously roaming the streets, most likely analysing the area for ambush, escape routes and the best places to duck for cover.
“Welcome and please have a seat” said the old priest pointing them to a wooden rustic sofa across him.
The living room was small and cosy with a unique style of rustic, colonial and country decor. The walls were adorned with old pictures and on the far wall to the right, hung a small wooden cross. In the farthest corner lay an old golden retriever on a pile of clean rags, its gentle eyes following the group as they sat down opposite the priest. 
Father Albert was a small-framed man with white hair. He was wearing a white cassock with a silver-coloured cross suspended by a long silver chain around his neck.
Dhruv pulled out his Army ID and showed it to the priest.
“Father, my friends and I are doing some research on behalf of the defence ministry and we wanted some information about the Kolaba Fort.” 
“Rodrigues had called me earlier to let me know that you were coming. What information are you seeking my child” asked the old priest
Aditya spoke up “We were tracking a Maratha ship which might have landed at the Kolaba fort in 1682. The ship was led by a Maratha Hazari with the name Anandrao Angre” 
“Hmm … I am not sure whether he was a relation to Kanoji Angre. Not much is documented about the great Sarkhel’s family other than his father.” 
“In fact, the Kanhoji Angre Samadhi is here in Alibaug.” 
The three of them looked at each other checking whether it was of any relevance. 
Father Albert looked out the window towards the church. 
“Unfortunately there wasn’t any records or logs recovered from the Kolaba fort which can indicate the ship you are asking about. Also, the timeline doesn’t seem to match. Kanoji would have been quite young during this time and his father Tukoji was stationed at Suvarnadurg near Ratnagiri.” 
He looked at Aditya and asked, “You will have to give me more background on why you are seeking this information.”
Aditya looked at Dhruv, who nodded in affirmation.
“It seems that Anandrao was trying to escape the Mughals and with him was something of importance which could have tilted the Battle of Kalyan in Maratha’s favour” replied Aditya
 “We also recently found a trunk full of gold Shivrai’s which Anandrao was carrying to support the battle” added Meera
Aditya placed his palm over her fingers and squeezed gently, his intent plain. Until they knew more about this man, he didn’t want Meera telling him more. Meera swallowed, too aware of the warmness of Aditya’s palm on her skin. She removed her hand away and placed it on her lap. 
Both Dhruv and the priest failed to notice their quiet communication.
“The gold is currently in possession of the Indian Government” added Dhruv stressing the last words. He didn’t want to let the feeling that they were treasure hunters.  
The old priest nodded, his eyes widened glowing with interest. 
“Hmm… The Kolaba Fort was considered one of the most important naval bases of Shivaji Maharaj. He had ordered its fortification but unfortunately passed away before it got completed. The fortification was completed by Sambhaji Maharaj in around 1681. The fort was then handed over to Mayanak Bhandari who was one of the earlier admirals during Shivaji’s time. The fort construction was also different.”
“What do you mean by different” asked 
“Sea forts generally experience significant damage to the walls due to constantly colliding waves and saltwater. To solve this problem, the fort was built by stacking rocks on one another with very little or no cementing material. Gaps between the rock slabs were purposely left open. When a wave hits the wall, water enters inside these small gaps. This causes water dispersion and reduces the force of the wave. This simple technique had reduced the wear and tear of the fort walls, thereby increasing its life.”
“But how is this significant to Anandrao?” Dhruv asked, seeking to draw the priest closer to the core of their investigation. 
The priest smiled and raised one brow. “Ah, well, because there is one more fort or rather two forts closer to Kolaba which was under construction that time and your man could have easily gone there. And also because there is an emblem engraved in one of the outer stones on one of them.”
“I still don’t understand,” Dhruv said. “What does this emblem have to do with Anandrao?”
The old priest raised his wrinkled hand, asking for patience. 
“We know that whatever Anandrao was carrying did not reach the Kalyan fort. Maratha’s were defeated by the Mughals in that battle. So what’s a better place than an under-constructed fort to hide something important.” 
“But why is the emblem important, I am sure there are many forts or places where this emblem is engraved” Dhruv pressed, plainly wanting to hurry him along.
“Not exactly. You’ll not find this symbol carved into other ancient forts at least not on the outside. While most of the words have eroded, the name Angre is still visible” replied the priest. 
Dhruv sensed they were drawing near to the heart of the mystery. He appreciated the old priest knowledge, but he needed more concrete information, something to pursue. 
“Which forts are you talking about” he asked. 
“These are the twin forts of Khanderi and Underi near Thal” answered the priest as he leaned forward towards them. 
The priest elaborated “Both these forts were selected personally by Shivaji Maharaj to keep a check on the British trade route to Mumbai and northward ports. While he started fortification of the forts as early as 1672, it was constantly attacked by the British leading to the delay in its fortification. It got over only in late 1682.”
“So which fort has the emblem” asked Aditya
“It is the smaller one Underi. The emblem is etched on one of the stones of the west wall”
“Sorry. ... Where are my manners?' the priest said, suddenly standing upright.
“Would you like some coffee, I always drink one before going to sleep” he said.
The three of them nodded yes and the priest walked to the kitchen and turned the light on. 
“So what do you think” Dhruv asked looking at both Meera and Aditya. 
“Let’s assume that the priest is right and Anandrao hid the weapon within the fort” Aditya continued in a hushed tone still a bit wary of the priest “then it must still be there … maybe beneath the fort.” 
 “It’s a good place to start looking,” Meera said.
“And what do we do? We cannot dig under the fort?” asked Dhruv
Meera offered a more practical solution. “We can contact ISRO. They have access to a satellite with ground-penetrating radar capability. Have them do a pass over the fort where we can look for any abnormalities or cavities and it might help pinpoint our search.”
“What if he hid it in the water, the royal emblem was etched outside like a marker to point the exact place” questioned Aditya to the rest. 
Dhruv liked the idea. 
“We can dive near the fort in the morning till the time the GPR satellite makes a pass-through” said Meera 
Both the men nodded, but before anyone could speak, the old terrier began a low growl at the back of its throat. The dog climbed to its legs and stared toward the entry door of the house. 
As the door swung open, the terrier’s growl deepened. A towering figure stepped into the room, a little breathless. It was only Francis. 
“I know how Aridam is following us.”

 

Chapter 19

Dhruv beckoned the big MARCOS commando to sit in the wooden chair next to them. 
“Not here, let us go back to the hotel and we can talk” he said calmly to Francis. 
“Aridam will be able to follow us to the hotel” said Francis, excitement growing in his voice. 
Dhruv realised the implication but said, “If he followed us here, then he must already know where we are staying.” 
“Francis, we have a lot to update you and plan our next move. Dhruv is right, let’s discuss this at the hotel” added Meera. 
The serious look at both Dhruv and Meera silenced Francis. 
They could hear the sound of kettle and clatter of cups being set out on a tray. The silence in the room was broken by Father Albert’s announcement that the coffee was ready. The old priest entered the living room with a tray of biscuits and coffee. He smiled at Francis who got up from his seat and greeted the priest. 
The priest poured coffee to the four of them and then passed out the biscuits. While having coffee, Aditya asked more about Alibaug and the priest was happy to share snippets of Alibaug history and culture.  
When they finished their coffee, they said their thanks and farewell to the old priest. 
As soon they walked out of the door, Francis announced to the group “Don’t look up, they are monitoring us from drones above.” 
The rest followed Francis instruction and they started walking back to the hotel through the hamlet. 
Once back inside Dhruv’s room, he motioned Francis to sit and asked “So tell us about your find” looking at Francis.
The big commando slumped in one of the chairs and said “I was standing near the porch when I heard some noise above, and then I saw a drone tumbling downwards in a spiral. It seems that it got hit by a flock of birds. Whoever was flying the drone was good, and they managed to stabilise the drone and flew it away from me”
“So they now know we are on to them” asked Aditya
 Francis acknowledged the question with a nod “I am sure they saw me looking up towards the drone.”  
“Ok, so how can we dive and search underwater near the site without being seen” asked Meera.
Francis scratched his bald head with his fingers and asked “What dive?” 
“Sorry, we forgot to update you” said Meera and went ahead and explained to him about the twin islands of Khanderi and Underi, the royal emblem and how the priest felt that Anandrao could have hidden the weapon during the construction of the fort. 
“Why can’t we ask the survey ship to anchor near the fort and use the ROV like last time to investigate?”  asked Aditya to Dhruv
“I think it would be difficult to explain the reason to move a Navy ship just based on a hunch from an old priest” said Dhruv
“Also I think by the time the ship gets here, Aridam would have found a way to search the area before us” added Francis
“We would have to do it ourselves and possibly tomorrow morning itself” continued Dhruv
“So coming back to the question, how do we dive undetected?” asked Aditya 
“We need to lay a false trail for Aridam” said Dhruv
“I have an idea” said Meera and quickly pulled out the laptop from her backpack.
She booted the system and went online to Google Maps. She searched for both the forts and started measuring the distance between them, the rest of them looking over her shoulder on what she was trying to achieve. 
“Here, the distance between both the forts is around three kilometres.” 
Dhruv interrupted “So ..” 
But he was cut off by a raised palm. “We travel to Khanderi on a boat and Aditya, Francis and I dive near the fort. You would be on-board the boat communicating with us and pretending to stay guard at Khanderi.”
“Using DPDs the rest of us to reach Underi and start searching” she continued
“It sounds like a good plan but I think Francis should be on the boat” said Dhruv not sounding happy. 
“No offence Major but I think I am better suited for any underwater operations, we train for this kind of things at MARCOS” countered Francis
“He is right Dhruv, Francis would be better suited to protect us from any eventuality.” Said Aditya supporting the commando.
He quickly added “You can support us quickly from the boat if we need your help.” 
Dhruv’s attention shifted back to the laptop screen looking at the satellite view of both of the forts and after a moment he nodded in agreement. 
“Let me get the stuff for tomorrow” he said and walked out of the room. 
After a few minutes, he was back and said “All arranged for tomorrow, now let us get some sleep.”
Francis stood behind the wheel of the bowrider speedboat with Meera seated next to him in the cockpit. They had boarded the speedboat from Alibaug and were now moving towards Khanderi. Once in the open waters, he gunned the throttle and shot across the bay. 
As they reached closer to the fort, Meera studied the old stronghold of the Maratha Navy. Most of the fort was still intact, with the most prominent structure being a lighthouse which was visible from the south side of the fort. The walls were built using black basalt and some of them were butted with circular bastions meant to host cannons.
 “Do we really need all this gear?” Aditya asked as he picked up a full-face mask from behind the cockpit area. “Thick dry suits and all this special headgear?”
“We’ll need it” said Dhruv and explained “There is a fertiliser factory at Thal and they are renowned for their dumping practices. It seems a lot of wastelands up in waters near here” 
“Also the rebreather will help us dive for a longer time and it would be bubble-free which would help us remain undetected from above” said Francis coming out of the bowrider’s cockpit.
“Who is driving the boat?” exclaimed Aditya
“Meera is,” said Francis coolly. “The girl knows how to handle a boat.”
“Which reminds me commander, we are not seeing any drones following us” said Francis
This worried Dhruv, either Aridam found a different way to follow them or he already knew where they were going. Either way it was too late for them to go back.  
Aditya fell backwards into the sea. Water swamped over him. The seams of the suit were double-taped and double-sewed. The neck and wrist seals were heavy-duty latex. Even his mask completely covered his face, sealing the hood over his head. The regulator was built into its faceplate, freeing his mouth to speak. 
He tried the radio, “Can everyone hear me?” he asked. “Respond.” He got affirmative responses all around, even from Dhruv, who was on guard on the boat. 
He spotted Meera and Francis dropping on the opposite side of the boat. Aditya watched Meera. Like him, she seemed to enjoy the freedom of the water. He took a moment to enjoy the shape of her form, then concentrated on his own descent. 
Aditya adjusted his buoyancy to keep him drifting just above the seabed. He searched right and left. The others settled into similar postures. 
“Can everyone see each other?” he asked. 
Nods came from the other two.
“Ok, let’s start the DPD and visual contacts with each other at all times. Follow me” instructed Francis
“Keep in radio contact. Any problems, you raise the alarm and I’ll quickly come over there” said Dhruv on the radio. 
Francis looked at the compass to set out towards the east. He had a dive knife in a sheath attached on the back of his wrist and a flashlight on the other. The others were also carrying the same. Francis also had an APS Underwater Rifle which was strapped to his back.
With the sun directly overhead and the water only fifty feet deep, there was enough illumination in the water. 
As Aditya swam behind Francis, he pondered on the absence of the drone wondering what Aridam was up to at that time. The man was dangerous and had the resources. Did he knew where they were going, was there an ambush set up for them in Underi. What had they missed?
 Unconsciously he had begun to swim faster. He lost sight of Meera on his right. He realised this and slowed down to see her reappear.
After around thirty minutes of swimming eastwards. “Commander, Do you see any boats around Underi?” asked Francis on the radio
“Let me check” replied Dhruv
Dhruv picked up a binocular and scanned the periphery of the fort. 
“All clear, there are no boats in your area.”
“Ok, I am going topside to check how close we are to the fort” said Francis and swam upwards. 
“All clear guys, come up” 
Both Aditya and Meera fed air in their BC vest and swam upwards. Since they were swimming from the east side of Khanderi, they were also on the west side of Underi. They could see the west end of the fort and its fortified walls. 
The water was shallow and they could see the waves lapping against the sheer walls of the fort. The west side of fort covered with sharp rocks which could have sliced through the hull of any ship that came close. 
“Does anyone see the emblem?” asked Francis looking through a small binocular. 
“No, I think we would have to swim a bit closer to the wall” said Aditya. 
“No need, I think I found it. Look at the stone third from the bottom on the right side bastion” replied Meera looking through her binoculars.
Both Aditya and Francis turned their binoculars at the direction where Meera was pointing. 
There it was an emblem engraved on the stone still visible. All of them were relieved that the emblem had stood the passage of time well.
“Ok, now what?” asked Francis taking his eyes from the binoculars and looking at both Meera and Aditya
“We dive again and swim towards the direction of the emblem” said Aditya.
The rest nodded as they dived again in the water. 
As they dived towards the emblem they saw the spit of land rise, and soon enough they saw the rocky foundation of the fort fortified by stone blocks. This was definitely man-made. 
Aditya flicked on the flashlight on his wrist and pointed it forward. The light illuminated a straight tunnel, which was angled upwards. 
Where did it lead? 
There was only one way to find out. 
Aditya swam towards the tunnel. 
“What are you doing?” Meera asked. 
“Someone’s got to go take a look” replied Aditya 
“The tunnel is too small for Francis to fit with his dive suit. I’ll be right back” he continued. 
“Keep the comms radio open Aditya” instructed Francis.  
Aditya nodded and then turned to face the tunnel. The width of the tunnel was small and it would be tight. He kicked off and swam into the cramped tunnel.
After a few moments his excited voice came on the radio. 
“The tunnel is short,” he said. “A straight shot angled up. Francis if you take a deep breath and kick a bit with your fins, you can swim right up here.”
“What did you find?” Dhruv asked. 
“There is one more tunnel. Looks solid enough. I’m going to push forward and explore.” 
“Wait, we are coming with you” Meera blurted out. 
She swam to the tunnel opening and ducked inside. It was pitch dark. In her haste to get in, she had forgotten to turn on her flashlight. But as she flicked her legs and pushed deeper inside, a ripple of light appeared only three meters ahead. The light grew as the tunnel widened to either side. In a matter of moments, she popped out into a small pool. 
Standing in front was Aditya smiling at her.
A moment later, Francis appeared, splashing up into the pool without his rebreather. 
They were now standing on the stone bank that touched the pool. The pool was in a man-made chamber. 
Once out of the pool, Meera shed her mask and pushed back the hood. She then shook loose her hair and detached the rebreather from her suit
Aditya kept his mask in place and spoke on the radio. 
“Dhruv we are in some sort of chamber, there is a tunnel leading away from it. We are removing our mask and will be out of radio contact for some time.” 
Dhruv was irritated but said “Be careful”
Aditya straightened and finally pulled away his own mask. The air smelled surprisingly fresh, if not a tad crusty with salt. 
Meera headed towards the tunnel. 
“Let’s see where this leads.”
Francis blocked her with his massive arm. “Sorry, I will go first.”
He had removed the APS rifle from his back and was now holding it. He stooped down a bit and pointed his flashlight towards the opening of the tunnel and started walking in. 
Meera followed Francis with Aditya entering last. 
The air grew a bit musty. Aditya could almost sense the weight of the fort above him. 
The passage made a series of sharp turns, but eventually, his light revealed the tunnel’s end. A larger space opened ahead. The glow of their combined flashlight reflected off something beyond. It was sort of an antechamber with one more tunnel leading away from it and was illuminated by a powerful camp light. 
Standing opposite them were four men with MP5s pointed at them, and one of them was Aridam. 
 Chapter 20

“Drop your weapons” said Aridam with the guns pointed at them.
Francis gave a lasting look at all of them and then dropped his APS gun on the group. It was four against one, there was no chance of winning this one. 
The three of them were forced to their knees by prodding submachine guns. 
One of Aridam’s men came forward and removed the knives from their wrist sheath. He then secured their wrists from the front with plastic fast-ties. 
“You are difficult to keep track off” said Aridam looking at Aditya.
“But that’s going to end now. And don’t hope for a rescue call from Dhruv or anyone else. I have men taking care of him now.” He added. 
“How did you find us?” asked Meera.
Aridam grinned and said “Father Albert, God rest his soul was of great help.” 
All of their hearts clenched. They were responsible for the old priest’s death.
Aridam grinned broadly, a savage and bloody expression.
Aditya stared at Meera, trussed up next to Francis. Her face seemed pale, but her eyes flashed with fury. 
“You Bastard, how could you kill an old defenceless man” she screamed at Aridam. 
Aridam grabbed her by the elbow and she spat on his face. 
Aridam wiped his face still grinning and slapped her on the face, hard, driving her to her knees.
Aditya couldn’t bear this longer, he leapt to his feet, driving an elbow into the groin of the man guarding him. 
But before he could do anything more, another one hit him hard on the back of his head with his MP5 butt. 
“Stay down and don’t be stupid” Aridam said, pointing the nose of the MP5 submachine gun at Meera’s head. 
Aditya kneeled down, blood from his scalp wound dribbled down one side of his face. 
“Good, don’t be a hero Aditya. We still need you and Meera” said Aridam. 
“How do you my name?” growled Meera 
“I know a lot about you Ms. Iyer. I wouldn’t mind discussing it later … in my bedroom.”
“What do you need from us?” asked Aditya
 “Find the weapon of course” replied Aridam
“And if we don’t” 
Aridam waved an arm and one of his men hit Francis at the back of this head with MP5 butt. Meera bent down to go to his aid, but a rifle drove her back. 
Aditya straightened. “What do you want to us to do?” 
“Just follow the tunnel and you will understand yourself” Aridam grinned and handed him a flashlight. 
He then ordered two of his men to guard Francis in the antechamber. 
Prodded by guns, both Aditya and Meera were led into the tunnel. Though the passageway was tall enough for him to walk upright, he kept his back hunched and his head low. The entire tunnel was lit up by Aditya’s flashlight and extended only thirty meters. It curved to the right and led to a square-shaped chamber. 
It was empty. 
Aditya turned around to face the tall Aridam and said “Now what?”
“That’s what we want you to find out. There has to be a secret door or tunnel leading out of this chamber.” 
Aditya looked around the squared shaped chamber, it was empty. The walls were made of bricks and stone. 
It didn’t make sense. Why would someone dig a tunnel leading to an empty chamber? Also the chamber would have to be dug from above the ground rather than below the water. There has to be a way out. 
He raised bound hands towards Aridam, who then nodded to his lone guard to free both Aditya and Meera. 
Once freed, Aditya went closer to the wall and put his palm on it. The walls were dry but smooth. He took a look around the chamber, its floor and ceilings was also made up of smoothed and levelled stones. 
He nodded to Meera and she also started searching the walls for any clue. 
After a few moments, they heard Meera excited voice.
“Look here” 
Both Aditya and Aridam’s eyes widened. They were looking at a small octagonal shaped depression in the middle of the wall. The depression was slightly more than two centimetres in diameter.
Aditya put his forefinger in the cavity and immediately he could feel the ridges at the end. He pointed his flashlight in the cavity but couldn’t see much.
He stepped away from the wall. 
“We need more light” said Aditya looking at Aridam. 
Aridam nodded and looked towards his guard, who understood and went back into the tunnel. 
“What do you think it is?” demanded Aridam. His excitement grew. 
Before Aditya could respond, a commotion immediately sounded from down the tunnel. Then suddenly, automatic gunfire and screams echoed through the tunnel.
As soon as Aridam turned around towards the tunnel opening, Aditya stuck him very hard on his shoulder where he had stabbed him two nights earlier. He went down on one knee. He was hit again, on the back of the head, by the lone lantern in the room by Meera. 
Darkness engulfed the chamber, the lantern was broken. 
Before any of them could react to the sudden blackness. 
Aridam kicked Meera in her mid-ribs and punched Aditya on the side of his face. They had underestimated the speed of the giant. A mistake. 
The force of the punch was so strong that Aditya staggered and fell on the ground with a groan.  
Fiery pain followed. 
Aridam ran towards the tunnel and after a few moments, they heard a loud bang and a blinding flash of light. 
Then silence. 
“Aditya! Meera!” came a shout from the tunnel and moments later, a tall figure came running out of the tunnel with an MP5 in his hand. The flashlight beam from the big commando illuminated the chamber.
Francis leaned over at Meera and Aditya “Are you alright?” 
Meera nodded towards the big commando and leaned over Aditya. “How are you feeling?” 
He coughed, unable to answer as blood filled his mouth. Francis helped him sit up.
Aditya took a deep breath and spat out the blood in his mouth. He could feel one of his molar loose from the impact of the punch. 
Dhruv entered the chamber and said “Aridam  … ” but before he could complete his sentence there was a huge explosion deafening the closed spaces to a sonorous ring.  
Rumbling reverberation trembled through the closed walls, sounding like a passing train. The tunnel behind him flashed with a dull yellow glow. 
The trembling faded.
Smoke and debris shattered outward towards them.
Dhruv, who was closer to the tunnel had hit the floor as soon the explosion rang in his ears. Once the trembling stopped he quickly sprang up and ran into the tunnel. 
Rock and earth had blasted downward collapsing the outer tunnel in the antechamber. It seems Aridam had placed explosives to do precisely that. 
There was no exit and now they were all trapped.
Dhruv walked backed to the squared chamber. The others were waiting anxiously for him.
“The outer tunnel has collapsed. Aridam must have blasted it when he escaped” he sounded worried. 
“What now?” asked Francis
“We need to quickly find a way to get out of this death trap.” replied Dhruv
“How did you find us?” asked Meera.
“After the last radio, I thought I might as well join you at Underi. I had reached Underi and had just dropped the anchor when I saw a couple of skiffs coming towards the boat. I could see the men with their rifles pointed towards the boat. Without wasting a moment, I put on the diving mask and dived near the west bastion.” 
“I swam through the tunnel and came upon the first empty chamber. I saw the tunnel opening and started walking slowly towards the antechamber. Closer to the end, I heard Francis growling at someone and realised what happened.   
He then added “Any ideas on how can we get out of here.” 
“Major, do you still have the gold Shivrai with you now” asked Aditya.
Dhruv was perplexed with the question. He stood confused but after a moment nodded yes. 
Both Meera and Aditya looked at each other and smiled. There a slight sigh of relief from both of them. 
There was hope. 
“We might have a way out of this chamber” said Aditya raising his hand with palm outwards towards Dhruv.
Dhruv opened the zip of his small stash hip pocket, pulled the gold Shivrai from it and handed it over to Aditya. 
“Now we need to see whether this works” she reminded Aditya.
Aditya looked at Meera and handed over the coin to her.
“Why don’t you do the honours?” 
Francis handed over the flashlight to her. Meera got up and went towards the right wall. The rest of them followed her. 
She placed the gold Shivrai on the octagon shaped depression. 
It fit perfectly. 
Their eyes widened and relief flooded through her. 
She pressed the coin hard trying to fit it in the depression fully. 
A loud snap sounded, and a portion of the wall swung open. 
The gold coin was pushed outwards from the groove and it fell on the stone floor with a clang. Meera picked up the coin. 
The wall revealed a narrow staircase leading upwards. 
“Yes!” shouted Francis  
It took them some manoeuvring to get in through the door and into the stairwell. Though narrow, it was wide enough to stand up in. 
Meera shone her flashlight down the short flight of brick steps. The others followed her to the stairs with Francis at the rear. 
“There is a door at the end” she said to the others. 
But as she hit the last step, she felt it sink an inch under her weight. 
Another metallic snap sounded. Her heart stopped.
Behind them, the portion of the wall swung closed. Francis who was last on the stairs leaped for the wall but he was too late. 
The wall sealed with a distinct and final click. They were locked in between the stairwell and the door. 
“This is the last time I am getting into a dark tunnel” Francis grumbled. 
Meera backed a step and shone her flashlight beam on the door. It was metal door with no handles and this time there was no octagonal-shaped depression on the door.
She passed the flashlight to Aditya who was behind her and then pressed both her hands on the door trying to shove it open. The door along with its frame rattled a bit. 
“I think the blast must have made the frame loose” she said to the others. 
“Let me have a go” said Francis. 
He then sidestepped the others and reached the top stair. Once there he tried to shake the door with his hands trying to appraise the frame strength. He then took a slight step backwards and then side slammed the metal door with brute force. 
The door along with the frame rattled loudly. 
Ignoring the jolt of pain, he slammed the door once again with his shoulder. This time the entire frame along with the door gave away as it fell backwards with a loud thud. 
They entered a nearly empty large chamber where positioned along the wall was a skeleton of bones slumped to the side. 
There was an old rusted Katar lodged near the ribs of the skeleton. 
But all their eyes were locked on the metal trunk next to the bones.   
 

Chapter 21

“Anandrao ?” asked Dhruv
Aditya kept quiet. He didn’t know the answer to that question. 
Dhruv moved forward to take a closer look at the trunk. It was a medium-sized trunk, around two feet long with rounded corners and round fall in top. The trunk was covered with black enamel iron and it had four hardwood bent slats on top with one extra slat in centre full length of the trunk. It was closed with an iron padlock. 
Dhruv removed his SIG Sauer pistol and fired at the padlock. 
The gunshot reverberated in the room. 
The lock, now a jagged wad of metal, spun around on the latch. Dhruv pulled it loose and opened the metal trunk.
He leaned inside in the opened trunk. The rest gather around him to peer inside the trunk. 
It was almost empty. 
At the bottom of the trunk was a roll of paper parchment approximately ten inches in width and tied by a cotton fibre string. 
Dhruv picked up the parchment and handed it over to Aditya. 
Aditya untied the knot of the string and rolled opened the parchment. 
He tried to read it but it was written in Marathi using the Modi script. 
“It is written in Modi script, I don’t know how to read it” said Aditya and looked towards Meera who nodded sideways. 
“What is Modi script” asked Francis
“It is an old script used primarily in Maharashtra to write in Marathi during the Maratha Empire” added Meera. 
“So how we translate what is written” asked Francis 
“That can wait. Right now we must find ourselves out of this death chamber” interrupted Dhruv
Everyone nodded in agreement and looked around to find a way out. 
The room was square-shaped but almost double the size of the previous chamber. 
“Try and look for any cavity in the wall, any cracks or depression” said Aditya to the rest of them. 
Each one of them took a single wall of the room and started searching, between the four of them they had only two flashlights which was making the search difficult. 
“Major, I think we need to make a group of two each and search. So that each group has one flashlight” suggested Aditya  
“Agreed” replied Dhruv
Dhruv then teamed up with Meera and Francis with Aditya. 
The two groups started searching the walls for any clue that could help them get out of the chamber. 
While Aditya was trying to look for any cavity and depression the wall, Francis was trying to push each stone inside. 
“Saw it in a Hollywood movie, one stone acted as a push lever key which opened the secret door leading the Hero to the treasure” said Francis.
Aditya didn’t know whether the big commando was serious or joking. 
Then suddenly a portion of the wall creaked and opened backwards slightly. 
“What did you do?” asked Aditya astonishingly.
“Just pushed the stone, similar to the movie” said the big commando smiling obviously proud of himself. 
Meera patted the big commando in the back. 
Francis pushed the door open with his back. He then pointed his flashlight in the opening. A spear of light pierced the shadows, revealing a short tunnel. 
Francis led them up the slight incline toward the passageway end. 
The tunnel ended up into a small shaft which had a rope ladder that was still in place. There was a tiny ray of light coming from the top. 
Everyone was relieved, it seemed there was a way up with the ray of light beaming from above. 
Francis shined his light into the vertical passage. The top lay was around fifty feet high with no exit.
 “There must be a trap door above. I have a feeling that this leads to one of the bastions in the north” said Aditya.
“This is as good as it gets, I do hope that ladder holds our weight,” said Meera.
“I’ll go first,” said Dhruv and strapped the flashlight on his wrist and the MP5 on his back. He sidestepped the others and reached the shaft.  
He looked upwards trying to find the end of the ladder but was unable to find it. Dhruv then gripped the ladder and climbed several rungs. The ladder started to wobble a bit, Dhruv immediately stopped his climb. 
He waited for the wobble to stop and then slowly ascended one rung at time, testing each one before giving its full weight. He could have moved faster but he wanted to be sure that the others could safely follow him. 
The people below were watching him in rapt suspense. He stopped and beamed his light up the shaft. The ladder abruptly ended only six feet above him. Climbing some more rung, Dhruv extended his arm and touched the top. It was made up of wood. 
Dhruv tried to push it outwards. The door rattled a bit, it was locked from outside. 
 “There is a wooden trap door which is locked from the other side” he shouted to the others. 
“Stand back, I am going to shoot at it” he added.
The rest of them went back into the tunnel. There was a possibility that one the bullets could ricochet back down.  
 Dhruv climbed down a couple of feet and removed his MP5 using one hand. 
With his legs firmed on the rung and one hand holding the ladder, he then pointed the muzzle towards the door. Using the other hand he placed the butt of the MP5 on his right shoulder pocket and started firing towards the corner of the door where he felt were the hinges. Within a few seconds, he emptied the entire magazine. 
 Multiple rays of light passed unobstructed through the holes where the bullets passed through. Dhruv climbed up the rungs and pushed the trap door. It moved a bit but didn’t open, the door was heavy. 
Dhruv climbed up the last rung and pressed his back against the trap door. He braced himself up the ladder, using his legs for extra power he pushed up with all his strengths. 
It squeaked opened a bit. 
Dhruv mustered all his strength and pushed harder. 
The door opened with a thud. The shaft was filled with light and whistling of the wind from the sea. 
Dhruv was now standing on the north side bastion just as Aditya predicted. He peered through a small embrasure on the bastion wall and could see the vastness of the Arabian Sea. One by one the others joined him. 
They looked around, there was no one to be seen. The entire fort was empty except for them. 
“Let’s check whether the skiffs are still there?” Dhruv said to the others
The rest of them ran towards the other side of the fort. The fort was just two hundred meters long at its farthest point. 
Aditya whistled loudly to get the attention of the others. 
He then raised two fingers of his right hand, indicating that two skiffs are patrolling. Dhruv instructed others to meet at the centre. 
“There are two skiffs patrolling and guarding our boat. I counted eight people armed with guns” he said to the others. 
“The shore is not too far, we can swim towards it” suggested Meera
Dhruv nodded sideways. 
“Their skiffs are fast. It is risky, and we can get caught. ” responded Dhruv
“What about coast guard support?” asked Francis
“That we can do” replied Dhruv.
He opened the pouch located on his left thigh of the dive suit and removed a waterproof zip lock bag. Inside was a satellite phone which they had received at the Fortune Hotel. He dialled the familiar number and waited for it to get connected to the support line, which he called multiple times in the last couple of days. 
After verification of his access code, Dhruv explained the situation to his handler on the other side. The person, on the other hand didn’t ask too many questions and said that the coast guard support should be there in the next thirty minutes. 
Dhruv relayed back the information to the others. 
“The entrance to the fort is on the west side, we can take a tactical position there till coast guard comes” said Meera. 
The others nodded in confirmation and took up a various position near the entrance. Between the four they had only two MP5 and one SIG Sauer. 
Dhruv handed over his SIG Sauer to Meera. She knew her way around guns, and she seemed definitely a better shot than Aditya. 
And they waited. 
Aditya who had taken a position at the west bastion called out loudly “One of the skiffs is breaking away and moving north” 
He then ran towards the north side of the fort and saw the skiff cruising fast towards Kihim. 
The others waited patiently for Aditya to come back.
“The skiff has moved towards Kihim. Aridam must be on it” said Aditya shaking his head in frustration. 
Dhruv finally spoke “We will get that him.” 
All of them nodded a yes with a determination. 
Soon enough, they heard the sound of speedboats approaching. 
“Coast guard is here” Aditya announced, pointing at the two approaching speedboats. 
The sound of the motorboats was quickly followed by the thumping sound of an approaching helicopter. 
The coast guard helicopter dove toward the remaining skiff, nose dipping, blades cutting the air with a deafening chop. 
Several of the men from the second boat started firing at the helicopter as it neared. The helicopter banked suddenly to its left to avoid the incoming volley of fire. The door gunmen on the helicopter readied his M240 aerial machine gun and pressed the trigger. 
A burst of automatic fire from the helicopter stitched its way across the water and up the side of one of the skiff. 
The gunfire quickly disabled the skiff. It was dead in the water and rocked back and forth with each following wave. Heavy smoke was coming from its outboard engines and the panic on the men’s faces suggested multiple hull breaches due to machine gunfire.  
The helicopter circled the area twice and moved away from the skiffs. Its M240 machine gun still pointing at the skiff. 
The coast guard vessel swept in closer to the skiff. “Throw down your weapons and raise your hand” a voice demanded over the loudspeakers on the coast guard vessel. 
Dhruv and others saw the men on the skiff starting to comply. Everyone felt relaxed as the coast guard vessels cautiously moved towards the skiff. Resistance from Aridam’s men seemed over. 
Francis pulled away from the embrasure and grinned at the others. “Finally we can go …” 
Before he could finish his sentence, the skiff erupted into a massive fireball that also consumed the smaller coast guard interceptor boat closest to it. The heat and the concussion of the blast were felt by the four of them on the fort. Finding any survivors was going to be bleak.
The smiles disappeared from their faces. 
“Shit …” shouted Francis and Aditya together as they saw the fireball going upwards. 
The sudden blast shook them. Innocent lives were lost. They felt sad for the coast guard personnel on the fast interceptor who were also engulfed by the fireball. 
 “I think it was Aridam, he didn’t want to risk any of his men getting caught” said a dejected Dhruv. 
Francis slammed his hand on the wall “Damn, we would have learned a lot from those guys about Aridam’s organisation during interrogation.” 
They could now see several coast guard divers in the sea searching for survivors. 
The helicopter which was hovering near the coast guard vessel made a turn and flew towards the fort. The pilot made a slow pass over the fort trying to search for a safe landing spot. As the helicopter roared overhead, the four of them looked up and wave. 
The helicopter swooped down towards the south side of the fort and started making descend. Seeing this they ran towards the south side of the fort. 
The helicopter gently touched down, the rotors still going. The machine gunner near the door shouted loudly “Major Dhruv Singh.”
Dhruv raised his hand, stooped a bit low and ran towards the helicopter door. “I am Major Dhruv Singh”
The gunmen shouted over the loud rotor noise “We have been instructed to pick up your party immediately.” 
Dhruv turned around and waved to the others to join him. They quickly entered the helicopter after which the door gunner closed the door. 
“Belt In” shouted the pilot over the engine as the helicopter rose up. 
All of the strapped themselves in and put their headsets on. From the helicopter windows, they saw the burning boats and the coast guard divers searching for survivors.
The helicopter rose up higher and flew north towards Mumbai.  


 

Chapter 22

Couple of hours later, Dhruv was pacing the meeting room which they used the previous day, still edgy, nerves stretched thin. 
During their ride, Dhruv had asked the pilot to take them back to the MARCOS base. They needed a safe place to regroup, establish a plan of action. 
Dhruv was sure that the base had a leak which helped Aridam last time to follow their truck through the drones. But he knew Aridam wouldn’t dare attack a MARCOS base. Once they landed, Dhruv had requested an immediate meet with the base commander where he requested additional patrolling and security around the base. 
He didn’t share much information other than that there was a possible terrorist threat.  
Both Aditya and Meera were on working on a laptop, their heads buried in the screen trying to find a way to decipher the parchment. 
Francis was out in the lobby, making a phone call. 
“How is it going?” Dhruv asked
Both of them looked up the laptop screen and shook their head sadly. 
“This will take a long time” said Aditya
“I can upload the document to the DCA server and use their linguistic translation software” Meera suggested.
“Not yet” Dhruv said, “We need to stay incommunicado.”  
He glanced around the room. He had a responsibility beyond his own. These were smart people who have not trained in the army way where people followed their superiors order without question. 
His eyes found Aditya and Meera. They were all looking to him and he suddenly felt overwhelmed. 
Dhruv gathered his thoughts and his resolve. He cleared his throat. “Aridam has shown that his organisation’s reach is far, we cannot trust anyone other than each other” 
They recognised the truth in the Major’s voice. 
The meeting room door opened and Francis walked in with a smile on his face.
“Spoke to my mom” he said cheeringly to the others. 
A look at all their faces made him realise that something was adrift. 
“Any luck with the parchment?” he asked the others. 
Aditya nodded sideways. 
A broad smile appeared on his face. 
“I might know a way” he announced to the rest. 
All of them looked at the big man with their eyes shining in astonishment. 
“How?” asked Meera 
“You know I was speaking to my mom, she stays in Naigaon Koliwada which is near Vasai. I was born there and did my schooling. It is a small community and people know each other” 
He paused for a moment and continued. 
“Anyway, I asked her about her my old Marathi teacher who is now retired. Because I remembered that he knew how to read Modi script. He used to tell us often during our Marathi class that Modi script was more difficult than regular Devanagari script.” 
All of them were looking at him expectantly, waiting for him to finish. 
“In short, my mom said that he is now retired.” 
“So we can take the parchment to him and he can decipher it for us” asked Meera with a fixed expression on her face
“It will take more than three hours for us to reach Vasai” said Dhruv. 
“Nope”
“What do you mean nope?” asked Dhruv frowning. 
Francis answered, with a big grin on his face. 
“He is retired and now stays in Panvel, I got the address from my mom. He has agreed to meet us tomorrow morning.” 
There was a knock, and the desk guard entered the meeting room. He saluted the Major and said, “Sir, these are your keys to your quarters.”
Dhruv took the keys from the young petty officer and said his thanks. 
The desk guard closed the doors behind him as he walked out of the room. 
“Why don’t we all freshen up and meet at the mess hall in about in an hour” said Dhruv rubbing his tired eyes. 
All of them nodded in affirmation. While none of them had said anything but they were all tired after the long day’s event. 
Aditya picked up the parchment and the laptop from the meeting room table. He then followed the rest of them to the officer’s quarters. 
Once inside Aditya put the parchment and the laptop on the bed. He stretched his arms and rolled his shoulders and picked up the toiletries, the navy overalls from the small table in the room.  He then walked into the small connected bathroom. Once inside, he stopped in front of the mirror and looked at himself. 
He looked like hell. 
There was still a slight pain in his jaw and bruising where Aridam had punched him earlier.  He felt the stubble on his chin and decided to shave.  
He tore open the small disposable shaving set, lathered up and started shaving. 
Once done, he turned on the instant water geyser and waited for some time before turning on the shower. Aditya stepped in the hot shower, the hot water running down his body. 
The hot water felt good, soaking away the stiffness and relaxing the sore muscles. Even the pain in his jaw started to settle down. He let the hot water run over him for a few more minutes and then turned the shower knob off. He towelled himself dry and changed into the blue overalls. 
As he came out of the bathroom, he noticed that the lights were switched off. Before he could realise something hit him at the back of his head. He dropped, unconscious before hitting the floor. 
“Aditya, Aditya” he heard someone shouting his name. He tried to lift his head to see the person but saw stars in front of his eyes and he drifted, his eyes closing.  
Aditya woke up to a world of blinding light, his head swimming, the pulsating pain behind his eyes made him wince. He felt confused and nauseous. He opened his eyes briefly again, his mind trying to remember what happened. His eyes slowly wandered around the room as his brain tried to figure out where he was. 
He saw his left arm connected to a monitor which was showing his vital signs and the right attached to an IV line. 
There he saw a slender figure curled up and sleeping on a chair next to him. It took a couple of seconds for his brain to register that it was Meera. His face stung as he smiled, he wanted to get up and hug her. 
He tried to sit upright on his bed but the commotion of it woke Meera up. 
She stood up and hugged him tightly. 
“It is so good to have you back, for a moment we thought we lost you” there was a huge relief in her voice. 
The footsteps sound down the hallway, made her release him. 
A moment later, Aditya saw Dhruv and Francis entering the room with coffee cups in their hand. 
“Finally, you definitely need a permanent helmet since you keep getting hit on your head” said the big man smiling.
“How you are feeling?” asked Dhruv
“I have been better, other than this massive pain at the back of my head. I think I am alright.” 
“You have a concussion, thankfully there were no internal injuries” replied Dhruv
“What happened?” asked Meera. There was a concerned look on her face.
Aditya’s face scowled for a moment as he tried to remember the event leading to this.
“I came out of the bathroom after taking a shower and realised that the lights were off. Before I could turn it off I felt something hit behind by head”
“Did you manage to see who it was?” asked Francis
“No, it was just too quick” said Aditya
“That’s alright, the person is long gone” said Dhruv nodding understandingly. 
“What do you mean?” pressed Aditya
“Whoever it was took with him both the laptop and the parchment” replied Dhruv
Aditya pictured the smirking face of Aridam. He closed his eyes, pushing back the pain in his head. Still, guilt knotted his gut. All of their efforts for nothing. 
He held a fist clenched to his stomach, mirroring that tension.
He swallowed before mumbling. “I am sorry” with a grim expression. 
“Don’t be too hard on yourself, we haven’t lost much” said Dhruv
Aditya looked at the Major wondering what was he meant. The others were also shocked at this statement and looked at Dhruv in bewilderment. 
“I had taken a photo of the parchment on my phone earlier” added Dhruv calmly.  
All of them were now staring at Dhruv with their eyes wide open and a growing respect for the Major. 
Aditya found himself surprisingly relieved by this confirmation and felt the weight of the guilt lifting over. 
“Aridam has proven more of an adversary that we had anticipated. We need to find out what’s in the parchment and quick” he added. 
Their discussion was momentarily postponed by a young female doctor with white scrubs entering the room. All eyes turned to her as she walked towards them. 
“Good Morning Aditya” she said.
She walked towards the side of his bed and asked “How are you feeling now?” as she started checking his vitals. 
“Better” said Aditya smiling. 
She shone a light into his eyes to check his pupils. 
“Everything looks good. How is the pain?” she asked looking him in the eye. 
“It’s a bit dull, like a bad hangover.” 
She smiled at him and said “Thankfully there has been no permanent damage. Just a small concussion which will reduce over the next couple of days. Nothing a good ice pack and pain meds can’t help” 
“Doctor, can I move out and get back to work.” 
The doctor looked at him and eyed the others. She shrugged her shoulders and said “As long as you put regular ice pack and continue the medicines for the next three days” 
She started walking back to the door. 
“I will send someone with the medication and to remove the IV” she said at the door. 
“Also, avoid getting more hits on your head” she said with a smile as she closed the door behind them. 
“So what’s our plan” asked Aditya sitting up on the bed. 
“It’s almost seven, we can still meet the teacher today” said Francis looking at his watch. 
“How do we get past Aridam’s surveillance?” asked Aditya
“Evacuation Drill” blurted Meera.
All of them looked at her. 
“What do you mean?” asked Dhruv
Meera explained “We ask the base commander for an unannounced yellow code evacuation drill. As per the rule, all non-combatant personnel would need to assemble in the assembly area and then loaded in trucks for immediate evacuation. We would be wearing the base overall on top of our clothes and can use this subterfuge to escape the base.” 
“We can then use the MSRTC bus to travel to Panvel undetected” added Francis concluding the plan.  
Everyone concurred with the plan. 
“Let’s freshen up, have breakfast and meet here at eight. I will speak to the base commander about the evacuation drill” said Dhruv. 
“Sounds like a plan, by that time the nurse can remove these” Aditya said pointing to the IV line. 
Francis handed the coffee mug to Aditya, smiled and walked out of the room. The others followed suit. 
 

Chapter 23

Aditya and Meera sat near the back of the rattling bus. Behind them, Francis sprawled his big bulk across the large seat at the rear, snoring. The rest of the vehicle was full of local working-class men and women, drowsing or talking in low voices, some carrying tiffin boxes on their lap, others carrying their work bags. 
Near the front of the bus, Dhruv kept vigil by the driver. 
Their escape worked as per plan without any glitch. The commander agreed for an evacuation drill and using that subterfuge, they made their way out of the base. 
From the base, they took two rickshaws to reach the MSRTC bus stand next to Uran railway station. Inside the railway station they removed their Navy overall in the railway washroom and changed into civilian clothes. The men were wearing a baseball cap and Meera wore a stole over her head.  
And now there were en route to Panvel. 
It took the bus nearly two hours to reach Panvel depot from Uran. The depot was the final destination for the MSRTC bus. 
All of them got down. 
Francis stretched his arms and gave a loud yawn. 
Meera looked at the big commando who was stretching himself and asked “Where to now?” 
“The teacher’s house is close to the depot” replied Francis as he pulled out a piece of paper from his breast pocket.
“It says, Balleshwar apartment, Sawarkar chowk” he continued looking at the paper. 
He pointed to a couple of rickshaws standing at the depot exit gate “Let me check with the rickshaw driver over there” 
They followed behind him as he walked boringly towards the auto-stand near the exit of the depot. Francis spoke to one of the auto drivers in Marathi and asked for direction. The auto driver who was in his late fifties looked at the piece of paper and explained to Francis the way to reach Balleshwar apartment. 
After saying his thanks, Francis turned around and said “It is not far from here, we can walk down.” 
The rest of them nodded and followed his lead. 
People brushed past them minding their own affairs as they followed Francis through the narrow crowded streets of Panvel. 
They must have walked for around ten minutes when Francis stopped a passer-by and asked again for the direction of Balleshwar apartment. The person pointed towards a old four storied building on the opposite side of the road and continued on his way. 
As they entered the small lobby of the building, they realised there was no lift in the building. 
“Which floor?” asked Dhruv
“Fourth” replied Francis as he swore sharply under his breath and started climbing up the stairs, grumbling under his breath. 
The others smiled behind him and followed the big man as he climbed slowly on the narrow staircase. 
A frail old man in his sixties opened the door partially secured by the safety chain and peered out from behind it.
“Yes” 
“Sir, I am Francis Dias, son of Maria Dias from Naigaon. I had called yesterday.” 
“Yes, Yes. Come In” said the old teacher and opened the safety chain to welcome them in. 
The group smiled broadly and followed the old teacher inside to a small living room. 
Most of the available space in the living room was filled with books and manuscripts. They were piled everywhere on the tables, chairs and along the walls. 
Aditya glanced at the small, cramped living room and he started to say something routinely, “You have a nice ….” but his eyes focussed on all books and manuscripts.
“Wow … I don’t think I have seen so many books and manuscripts except in a library” 
“Thanks” said the old teacher with wide appreciative eyes and started to move aside books to clear a place for them to sit on the sofa. 
“Have you read all them?” asked Meera. 
“Most of it pretty much, except for the dictionaries and encyclopaedias which is mostly for reference.” He pointed to other stacks in the corner of the wall and said “Those are the ones pending.”
The old teacher motioned them to sit down on the sofa and asked “Would you like a cup of tea or a glass of water?” 
All of them shook their heads sideways.
The old teacher shook their hands and said “My name is Prakash Deshmukh and you are …?”
The rest of them introduced themselves and sat on the sofa. 
Dhruv leaned forward towards the old teacher and removed a mobile phone from his breast pocket. He opened the picture of the parchment and showed it to the former teacher. 
“Sir, we wanted your help in translating this” 
The old teacher adjusted his glasses and took the phone from Dhruv. He brought the phone closer to his eyes and leaned backed on the sofa. 
There was a long silence as the old teacher read the parchment. 
“This seems to be a letter by a person called Anandrao and is addressed to his Sarnobat.”  
“What is a Sarnobat?” asked Dhruv
“Sarnobat is like a General in the army, as a Commander In Chief” replied the teacher looking up from the mobile phone. 
“Hmm… this is interesting” he said slowly to himself. The old teacher reached out to the small table in front of him and picked up a notebook and a pen. He then started writing down translating word by word from the picture. 
The others waited patiently for the old teacher to finish translating.  
Once finished the old teacher kept the book by his side and slowly removed his glasses. He then wiped it with the end of his sleeves, staring at the four of them intently as he handed the phone back to Dhruv. 
The old teacher then sat back, folded his arms, and swept his gaze over the lot of them. “Ok, what is going really going on here?” 
“I don’t understand,” Dhruv said, feigning confusion. 
“Ok, before I tell you what was written I need to know what is this all about,” he said to them. 
Dhruv removed his Army ID card and showed it to the old teacher. 
“We found this during an excavation while clearing land in an army base. I am sorry, but I cannot tell you which base since it is classified” said Dhruv calmly. 
The old teacher peered at him, his eyes magnified grotesquely by the glasses. 
Dhruv felt as if the old teacher was peering right into his soul. 
After a moment of scrutiny, the old teacher leaned back to the sofa and picked up the notebook by his side and started translating it for them. 
“At the start of the letter, Anandrao is apologizing to his general about the failure of the mission. The Mughals continued to follow his group. He had initially suspected a spy within his ranks since the Mughals knew exactly which route they were taking. He explains that he separated both the cargo, the bigger cargo is on its way to Kalyan through Ghodbunder and he took the trunk with him.” 
The old teacher paused and asked, “What was in the cargo?” 
“We are not sure” replied Dhruv passively with a blank expression.  
The old teacher stared at him for a moment and went back to the notebook. 
“He was on his way to Kolaba fort when his group was attacked, this time not by Mughal soldiers but what seemed like a small band of assassins. They managed to defeat the assassins but were in no shape to move towards Kolaba fort. He took shelter in Underi fort which was still under construction along with his remaining guards. He had planned to hide the trunk in the fort, but within a week more assassins returned only this time with hundreds of soldier. They then lay seize to the fort, and we were trapped. He is once again apologizing to the general. He opened the sealed letter which the general gave, it has instructions on how to use what is in the trunk. He took out one of the many glass vials in the trunk. One of his men infiltrated the enemy camp in the night and opened the vial.”
The old teacher paused for a moment, removed his glasses and wiped his watery eyes with the sleeves of his shirt. He put the glasses back on and went back to the notebook. 
The others continued to listen intently to his words. 
“He describes that the entire night he and his men were wide awake listening to the moans and agony of hundreds of men in pain. Cries for help, pleas to the gods or their mothers mingled in the darkness. By early morning the cries stopped, which was followed by an eerie silence.  After sunrise they ventured out in the camp, there were dead bodies everywhere. The bodies had blisters all of them with blood and pus oozing out of them and spreading a terrible odour. The men looked as if they burned from inside out. He and his men burned all bodies during the day to leave no evidence. He is once again apologizing to the general and says this is wrong and this kind of power should only be in the hands of the god and not men. He says that he will ensure that no one ever gets a hand on this and hopes that in time it would lay forgotten. His close confidant and his friend, who was his jumladar has a different opinion. He thinks that the Maratha’s should use this against the British and the Mughals. He is sad that he had to kill his friend. He seeks guidance from Lord Ambeshwar to help him destroy this poison like Halahala. Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivaji” 
“That’s it” concluded the teacher and laid the notebook aside. 
“What is Halahala?” asked Francis
“It was the poison that Lord Shiva drank, which turned his throat into blue. That’s how he got the name Neelkanth” Meera replied to Francis.  
They were now staring at the old teacher who remained silent, but his eyes were directed towards them. He finally removed his glasses and laid them on the table in front, crossed his legs and brushed his hands across the crease of his pyjama pants. 
He folded his hands in front of him and stared across all of them with a look that seems to demand an answer.
“Now I can understand why you cannot tell me more about his letter but I want a promise from you” 
But it was the steady fix of his gaze that most struck Dhruv. There was a steely edge to the man.
“What promise?” demanded Dhruv calmly.
“When this is all over, I want you to tell me the truth about this letter” replied the old teacher placing his hand on his lap as he leaned forward staring into Dhruv. 
Dhruv stared back for a moment and then nodded a yes to the old teacher. 
The old teacher smiled broadly and tore open the page from the notebook, which had the translation. He then handed over the piece of paper to Dhruv.
Dhruv stood up and said “Thank You” 
The others followed suit and thanked the teacher as they walked out of his apartment.   
It was almost one in the afternoon when they climbed down the staircase. Once outside the building boundary, Meera suggested that they have lunch pointing to a restaurant across the street. 
At the entrance of the restaurant, Dhruv said “I need to update the minister” and stood outside while the rest went in the restaurant. 
The group sat across the table and exchanged a dejected look. Francis lifted his shoulders in a shrug “So we are back to zero.” 
Aditya closed his eyes, overwhelmed by the magnitude of this discovery. He was also nagged by the sense that he was missing something important. 
“What am I not seeing?” he thought as he rubbed his fingers against the side of his temples. 
Frustrated and mentally exhausted, he could not pinpoint the source of this feeling. He chose to come back to it later as Francis waved his hand to get the attention of the waiter. 
By the time Francis finished giving the order, Dhruv had come back and sat next to him. 
“The minister wants all of us to meet her in Delhi immediately. We collect our tickets from the airline counter at the airport” he said to the trio. 
He looked at his watch “We still have time.” 
“What you all think about the letter?” he asked to the others.
“I don’t think Anandrao managed to destroy whatever it was. Now that we know that it is some kind of a pathogen, it would have been difficult for him to destroy without drawing attention. There would have been something written in the history books” said Meera as she leaned forward 
“I agree with Meera, I think Anandrao hid it somewhere” said Aditya 
Dhruv sighed and shook his head “Where?” 
Aditya closed his eyes. No one spoke, leaving him to think. He heard the waiter putting plates on the table but kept his eyes closed, not wanting to lose his train of thought.
Nothing came to his mind. Aditya finally sighed and shook his head. “I don’t know.” 
They finished their lunch and took a taxi from Panvel to Santacruz Domestic terminal. During the ride, none of them spoke. All lost in their own thoughts. 
At the terminal, they took their tickets and checked in their weapons with the Airport CISF security. 
When they reached the gate, they sat down opposite each other, waiting for the boarding announcement. They had around ten minutes more before boarding started. 
Aditya sat straighter, abruptly enough to draw everyone’s attention. Francis stared at him. “You got that look on your face.”
“Dhruv, can I have your phone?” he asked with his hands outright.
Dhruv passed the phone to Aditya who tapped and opened the browser. He started typing on the phone and began searching for something furiously. 
 The rest looked at each other silently as the announcement came over the speakers to start boarding. Passengers began moving closer to the gate in a queue where the airline staff was checking their boarding pass.  
Oblivious to this Aditya continued reading something on the phone. The line at the gate became thinner as the gate attendant made the flight's final boarding announcement. 
“Aditya …”
“Just a minute…” he said without raising his head from the phone. 
The domestic terminal was a silent airport. The airline staff realising that they were missing some passengers started walking down the aisle to search for them. 
One of the staff came forward and asked “Delhi Flight?” 
Meera nodded a yes.
“Ma’am you all would need to board the flight immediately,” said the attendant politely. 
Aditya raised his hand once again without looking at him and said “Just a moment more” 
“Sir… Please …” requested the attendant impatiently but before he could finish Aditya sprang upright from his seat suddenly and said excitedly “I know where he hid it”
 

Chapter 24

It took the group some time to clear CISF scrutiny for off-loading their weapons and exit the terminal.  Dhruv had to make couple of phone calls and had to speak to the CISF Commandant at the Mumbai airport to get their weapons off-loaded from the airplane. 
After exiting the terminal group made their way to a coffee shop next to the Arrival terminal. They sat at the back of the cafe with Dhruv and Francis sitting with their backs to the wall and one eye at the entrance. 
Once they had all settled in with their coffees, Aditya started explaining “I believe that Anandrao buried the trunk under Ambeshwar temple in Ambarnath.” 
He continued “It is a thousand-year-old temple carved out of a single stone and is one of the four cultural heritage declared by UNESCO in Maharashtra.”
“But why there?” asked Dhruv
Aditya took a sip of his coffee and said “Because of the letter where he is seeking out Lord Ambeshwar’s blessing to destroy the poison like Halahala and the only other Ambeshwar temple is in present-day Rajasthan.” 
“Sorry Aditya, I am confused” said Francis scratching his bald head
“There is a bit of mythology that we need to know to understand the relevance of this with the temple” 
Aditya straightened and explained to the trio. 
“After sage Durvasa's curse left them powerless, the Devas were defeated and the Asuras, led by Bali who gained control over the universe. The Devas sought help from Lord Vishnu who suggested that they churn the ocean and drink the nectar of immortality to regain their lost glory. The churning of the ocean was called Samudra Manthan.” 
He looked at Meera who eyed him appreciatively and nodded. Aditya continued 
“The Gods declared a truce with Asuras so that their combined strength can help them get the elixir. They used Vasuki, the serpent as a churning rope and the mount Mandara as the churning staff. Lord Vishnu took the Kurma avatar which was a tortoise and stood below mount Mandara, while the Gods and demons churned the ocean.” 
He paused for a moment and took a sip from his coffee. 
“Various gems and precious stones that came out of the ocean during the churning and along came ‘Halahala’ which was a dangerous poison that could wipe out all creation. This terrified the Devas and Asuras both and sought Lord Vishnu's advice. Lord Vishnu suggested that they approach Lord Shiva for help. Lord Shiva consumed the poison to protect the three worlds. Alarmed by the fast spreading of the poison, Goddess Parvathi entered Lord Shiva’s throat in the form of a Mahavidya and controlled the poison in his throat. Thus, Lord Shiva became blue-throated and came to be known as Neelkanth.” 
Meera continued with widened eyes “So Anandrao buried it under the temple as a reference Lord Shiva consuming Halahala”
“Not to mention that there is a tunnel that goes under the temple” added Aditya facing them all, his eyes full of excitement. 
“Please not another tunnel” said Francis grumpily. This made the others smile. 
“It’s is going to be dark soon.” Dhruv said to the others.
“Let me make arrangements for the equipment. In the meantime why don’t you all grab some essentials from the convenience store next door” said Dhruv and walked towards the other end of the café. 
“It would have been faster to reach Ambarnath from Panvel, now we have to travel back again. Aditya you are losing your touch” said the big commando scowling. 
Both Meera and Aditya began smiling as all of them got up from their seats. 
“I do hope Aridam has not figured out the connection yet” sighed Aditya as he got up
“Hope not” replied Meera and she sensed the possibility of this and nodded. 
The group was now en route to Ambarnath in an MPV, on the way they stopped at a naval base INS Tanaji in Mankurd and picked up a duffel bag which was arranged for them. Inside there was a SIG Sauer for Aditya, couple of flashlights, couple of foldable shovels and a single night vision goggle. 
Dhruv sat in the passenger seat, behind him were Meera and Aditya and at the back lay Francis with his huge body sprawling across the seat. 
“What more do we know about this temple” asked Dhruv in the car and breaking the silence.
Aditya adjusted his seat belt and straightened up “Legend says that the temple was created in a day by the Pandavas for taking a night refuge during their period of vanvaas.  They could not complete the structure which is reflected even today in the missing roof directly above the main sanctum area of the temple. Rumours have been about a long tunnel beneath the temple which was used by Pandavas to escape. The Entrance door of the tunnel has been shut by the local authorities.” 
“So our starting point will be this entrance?” asked Meera looking at Aditya
Aditya nodded a confirmation. 
He paused for a moment and then added “One unique and unusual  thing about this temple is that the sanctum housing the Shivling is situated at a slightly lower level and one has to descend twenty steps to take the blessings of Lord Shiva.” 
When they reached mid-way, Aditya asked Dhruv “Can you download the offline google maps of Maharashtra?”
“Sure, what are you thinking?” asked Dhruv as he started downloading the map
“Don’t know yet. It is just feeling now” replied Aditya
By the time they reached the temple and it was closed for visitors. Being a UNESCO site there were a couple of guards posted outside the temple. They were pre-cleared with the guards who guided them to the tunnel entrance and opened the door. 
They took out the guns and shoved the rest of the items in the backpack that Aditya was carrying which they had picked up from the convenience store next to the airport.
One by one they ducked under the broken door frame and entered the tunnel. 
Aditya freed his flashlight and pointed it down the tunnel. A steep passageway extended deep into the ground. He led the way the group through the narrow and graffiti-scarred tunnel with his flashlight lighting their way. The tunnel was built like a catacomb rather than straight. They had to backtrack a couple of times after they encountered a dead end. Aditya mumbled a curse of not bringing in chalk to mark their path. 
Dhruv stuck close to the Aditya with Meera following him and lastly followed by Francis. 
The tunnel height was just under six feet and they could hear Francis constantly mumbling curses under his breath as he walked slowly bowing his head. 
As they ventured more inside the tunnel they could see the walls adorned with several murals painted across the expanse of the limestone. The tunnel expanded to a large chamber with a high ceiling and small tunnel on the left leading the way out. The ceiling of the chamber was adorned with subterranean artistry of a mural masterpiece.
The mural depicted the entire story of the Mahabharata war between the Pandavas and Kauravas. 
The floor, on the other hand, was lit with a scattering of bones, a mix of femurs, ribs, and broken skulls. They stepped carefully through the clutter and reached the centre of the round chamber. 
“This looks like a good omen” Francis mumbled as he craned his neck to the ceiling. “I heard of stories about bones moving on their own. Thankfully these ones have not moved.” 
“Let’s keep going,” Meera urged and Dhruv waved everyone to move forward. 
The group entered the narrow tunnel on the left in a single file. Aditya touched the walls of the chamber which was damp and cold.  
“We must be below a pond or a lake” he said to the others. His voice echoed through the tunnel with a strange acoustic sound. All of them paused in their track.
So far they had felt relatively safe down here. They had heard no echoes or voices of anyone else down in the tunnel. 
But that could change. 
“Shhhhh,” said Dhruv placing his forefinger on his lips and waved Aditya to move forward in the tunnel. 
They walked for another five minutes when around a corner Francis slipped his footing and fell down sharply on his knee. A gasp of pain left his mouth, which echoed through the tunnel.  
Everyone froze, holding their breath. 
A gunshot blasted through the tunnel and hit the wall couple of meters away from Francis. 
“Run” shouted Francis as he nearly emptied his magazine in the dark tunnel. Both Aditya and Meera started running through the dark tunnel with Aditya’s flashlight pointing their way through the darkness. 
Dhruv burst through his feet and crouched low towards Francis. A dark figure appeared down the side tunnel walking slowing towards them with an assault rifle in hand. Having the momentary advantage, Dhruv and Francis aimed their MP5 and squeezed off two shots each, all aimed towards the head. The shadow fell, crumpling to the ground. 
Another shadow.
Francis fired at the shadow who with a cry dropped in a prone position not before Dhruv aimed for the source of that scream and pulled his trigger. The target’s head jacked back as it fell on the ground. 
Both of them now hurried behind Aditya and Meera in the tunnel. Far beneath the ground above this section of the tunnel seemed flooded long ago as rainwater pooled in from above. The cold water reached their shins as both of them marched quickly forwards. The tunnel led to a crossroad where both Meera and Aditya were waiting with SIG in their hands.
“This way” said Meera pointing to the middle tunnel and set off again wading quickly. The rest of them trying to follow as silently as possible. The watery path wound through several more turns before leading him out of the drowned tunnel and back to a dry passageway. 
As they set off again in the passageway they heard echoes of tromping feet, muffled whispers. All of them hurried in the tunnel further away from the voices. 
The passageway opened to a large circular chamber. The walls were adorned with faded murals whose paints were chipping off the wall. 
The story of Samudra Manthan. 
Dhruv looked around the room. There was no exit. 
“Get Down” bellowed Francis and he pushed Dhruv back in the ground. 
Francis had spotted the grenade launch in tunnel. 
The blast threw them both to the ground. Stones clattered all around, followed by a cloud of smoke and rock dust. The air now stank with a hint of gunpowder.
Deafened and dazed, Dhruv crawled on his hands and knees back to the tunnel opening, which was miraculously still intact.
Dhruv waved to Francis to be on the opposite side of the tunnel opening. 
They heard Aridam’s voice through the tunnel followed by a single gunshot. 
“Both of you, try and search for an exit. Hurry” whispered Dhruv at Meera and Aditya. 
He saw a rip in the upper sleeve of the Francis shirt now soaked in blood. 
“You okay?” he asked.
“Just a graze.” Francis said, he quickly reloaded his magazine. 
His eyes focused on the tunnel. 
Dhruv switched off his flashlight. Now the room was only illuminated with the other flashlight which Meera and Aditya were using to find a way out of the chamber. 
They heard slow footsteps coming from the tunnel towards them.
Dhruv looked behind and called out desperately “Hurry” towards Meera and Aditya.
He then looked at Francis and nodded tightening his grip around the trigger.
They saw two shadowing movements towards them with assault rifles in hand. Before they could fire the tall shadow who was behind the duo shoved the front one to the ground and fired blazingly.  
The volley of bullets strafed the passageway, forcing both Dhruv and Francis back. 
Francis quickly went into a prone position. Extending his arm carrying the submachine gun he blindly returned fire. The chattering roar of his weapon in full automatic mode deafened as Francis emptied his entire thirty rounds magazine down the passageway in less than three seconds.
Even knowing that nothing could have survived that barrage, Dhruv burst out of hiding and ran headlong down the tunnel. He found two bodies face down slumped on the ground. 
Aditya’s shout from the chamber made him turn around quickly and run towards them. 
“Here” said Aditya pointing towards a portion of the wall which was open. 
Both of them quickly entered the passageway in the wall. Once inside the passageway, Francis pushed the door closed.  
They were now staring into a long tunnel with no ending in sight. 
 

Chapter 25

They could now hear Aridam’s voice coming from the other side of the wall. 
“Hurry” urged Dhruv to the others. 
Unlike the previous tunnel which was covered with cobblestone with each stone perfectly place along the entire length of the tunnel, this one was dug through the sandstone like a burrow and angled slightly downwards. 
Dhruv put on the only night-vision scope they had but the details were blurry and there was no view of the end.
The group pointed their beams down the tunnel and started walking hurriedly. 
The air was stale and musty making them cough often. Every now and then the tunnel would turn slightly, their entire path illuminated by the flashlights. 
Dhruv tried the night-vision scope multiple times but the results were the same. 
“Where is this tunnel leading” grumbled Francis who was most affected due to his broad structure. The width of the tunnel was just big enough for the big commando to fit in. The sides of the tunnel was rough and often grazed his shoulders as he moved forward. 
After walking for more than an hour through the endless passage Dhruv said “Let’s take a break for some time, Aridam is definitely far behind” 
The rest nodded in affirmation and sat down on the dusty floor. Aditya pulled out and passed a bottle of water from his backpack. He then passed one granola bar each to the others. 
“Dhruv, can you pass your phone” said Aditya
“Sure” replied Dhruv and passed it to him.
Aditya opened the digital compass in the phone. The digital needle rotated for a few seconds and pointed towards East. He then opened Google Maps on the phone. 
“What are you looking for?” asked Meera who was seated next to him.
Aditya sighed and said “There was a rumour that Shivaji made this tunnel till Pune.”
“What.. that is like a hundred kilometres away” cried Francis “I hate tunnels.” 
“Don’t worry. Thankfully it is showing east. The only thing of relevance is the Barvi dam or the Bhimashankar Forest which is around forty kilometres away”
“What’s there in Bhimashankar Forest” asked Francis as he rubbed his neck
Meera chipped in “Other than multiple forts which are now in ruins. It is home to one of the twelve Shiva Jyotirlinga in India.” 
Francis scratched his head and said “You have confused me more, what is a Jyotirlinga and what is the significance of twelve here” 
This time Dhruv explained to the big commando “It is said that once Lord Vishnu and Lord Brahma were debating over who was supreme between them. To settle the debate, Lord Shiva pierced the three worlds appearing as a huge Infinite Pillar of Light and asked both of them to find the end of the light in both directions. The jyotirlingas are believed to have appeared from that infinite pillar of light produced by Lord Shiva.”
“Got, it. By the way who found out the end of the light?” 
“No one, while Lord Vishnu accepted defeat Lord Brahma lied that he found the end. Shiva then cursed Lord Brahma that even though he is the creator of the Universe, he won't be worshipped in any ceremonies.” 
“Hmmm … so basically don’t mess with Lord Shiva” smiled Francis. 
This made the others giggle. 
 They got up and started their way forward. 
Finally, after more than an hour walking, Aditya said excitedly “I see it, I see the opening.” 
The prospect of the exit made them walk faster towards it. 
With his heart thudding harder, Aditya clambered to the tunnel’s end and pushed into the cave beyond. 
Stunned, he lifted his flashlight higher as he stood up. 
A massive subterranean cavern stretched before him. The walls glittered from the light beam of his flashlight. The dome-shaped white roof dripped with glistening stalactites and stalagmites rose like fangs. In a lot of places, both of them joined together, creating columns of minerals. 
On one the far end was a small waterfall pooling into an aqua green pond. 
The others joined him, voicing various levels of astonishment as they entered.
Francis came last, adding, “What the …”
Aditya cut him off, gaping around. “We must be under the Barvi Lake.” 
“We need to spread out and check if there is an exit from this cavern” whispered Dhruv but the acoustics of the cavern made him sounded much louder. 
 The group spread out, walking delicately across the floor. It was a difficult task as the salt and mineral accumulation underfoot made the floor slippery. The columns of stalactites joined up with stalagmites were broad and rose up high. The innumerable columns made the cavern look like a stony jungle with endless places of shelter and cover. 
“Gypsum” said Aditya as he bent down to pick up a piece of rock. 
“Water levels must have risen and fallen in here over the centuries to create this accumulation of salt and other minerals” said Meera
Dhruv stared up the roof of the cavern and said “I think this was possibly flooded from the lake above, millennia ago” 
“Guys here,” Francis said, pointing to a broken column of stalactite. 
Dhruv turned and brought up his flashlight. He shone its brightness into the broken column, buried underneath was remains of an old skeleton. Next to it was an old rusted iron shovel.
“It appears that he was burying something when the column must have fallen off the roof”  
“Do you think, the trunk is buried underneath?” asked Meera
“It is worth a try” said Aditya. 
 “We must break it free of the salt!” said Francis as he removed the MP5 which was strapped on his back. 
Using their MP5 butts as a hammer Francis worked to chip away at the thick base of the column. Looking at him Dhruv also followed suit using his MP5 butt. 
It slowly revealed the skeleton and the rusted shovel. 
Francis picked up the shovel and said “Where?” 
“It has to be next to the skeleton itself” replied Dhruv
“I do hope my tetanus shot works” said Francis smilingly as he started digging next to the bones. 
Aditya pulled out two small foldable shovels from his backpack and handed one to Dhruv who dropped on his knees started digging. Meera kept a flashlight trained on the area where the men were digging. 
“Well. It seems that whenever I am with you both I end up digging something or I end up in an underground tunnel” said Francis laughingly as he wiped the sweat from his brows. 
“I would suggest a better hang out place next time” he quipped. 
“I agree” added Aditya laughingly. 
After almost an hour of digging, they heard the gentle thud. Aditya put his shovel aside and starting moving the dirt around with his fingers.
As it was slowly revealed, the trunk proved to be small, a foot and half or so tall and twice as long. Aditya swept the dirt off its metal surface. 
For next several minutes, the three of them removed the dirt around its edges. Finally, Francis pulled the trunk out of the pit and placed it in the side. 
Finally, after more than three hundred years the trunk was exposed to air. 
Using the shovel as a lever, Francis pried opened the padlock. 
“The moment of truth” whispered Meera
Meera gripped Aditya’s shoulder as with both hands he lifted the lid off its hinges. All of them stepped closer to the trunk. 
The trunk was filled with sand, parts of glass vials were visible inside it. Aditya picked up a glass vial slowly.
“Be careful” nudged Meera
The glass vial was small, around three inches in length and shaped like a test tube. The vial was closed with a wooden cork and sealed airtight with a rubbery substance. 
Inside the vial was a transparent liquid which was filled three-quarters of the vial. They all knew the potent of the liquid inside. 
Aditya carefully put the vial back and closed the trunk lid. 
“So what now?” he asked. 
“We need to ensure that it reaches a BSL laboratory” replied Dhruv pointing at the trunk. 
“Ok, let’s find an exit out of this place” said Francis pointing at Aditya. 
Both of them slowly walked towards the other end of the cavern while Meera and Dhruv stayed guard near the trunk. 
“Help me push this behind that column” said Dhruv pointing to a dome-shaped large boulder of stalagmite. 
Meera picked up her flashlight from the ground and helped Dhruv pushed the trunk. 
A barrage of gunfire erupted behind them.  
A shadowy figure rounded the far end of the cavern, his gun blazing. Rounds tore into the stalagmites like glass. Dhruv pushed Meera into the ground and fired blindly behind them, wasting precious ammunition. 
“I should thank you for making my work easy” shouted Aridam from behind the columns of stalagmites. 
Meera switched off the flashlight and removed the SIG from her belt strap. Both Francis and Aditya who were further away heard the gunfire and hid behind a column. 
A small pop sounded. 
Dhruv glanced up to see a fist-sized black object arc across the breadth of the cavern towards them.
 “Grenade!” he screamed as he shoved Meera down the floor. 
The explosive device hadn’t been a grenade, but a flashbang meant to stun and soften an enemy. 
Meera groaned and picked herself up off the floor. If not for the column of minerals, she would have been blinded. But the concussion and noise which echoed throughout the cavern still felt like a giant had slapped both sides of her head with its palms. 
Shards of stalactite broke away from above and fell on the groundbreaking away into pieces. 
Dhruv looked no better as he rolled to a low crouch, his MP5 raised. They retreated more back in the cavern behind one more column towards the other end of the cavern.  Dhruv took one side of the column while Meera kept to her feet on the other. 
Dhruv spied high while Meera remained low, both of them searching the cavern ahead of them. 
Shadows shifted out there and Dhruv fired once. A groan of pain. 
It wasn’t a mortal wound, but it got their attention. 
Guessing that Aridam and his team came equipped with night-vision gear, Meera reached to her flashlight. 
She flicked it on and whipped it towards them. 
It wasn’t precisely a flashbang, but the sudden flare of brilliance would momentarily blind their sensitive night-vision equipment, stinging any eyes wearing such gear. 
“Smart,” Dhruv whispered. 
The flashlight also revealed a pair of enemies, who fled from that well of brightness. 
Both of them fired simultaneously. 
She hit one in the upper thigh, sending him flying behind a column. Dhruv hit the other under his ear, dropping him flat. 
One more down. 
But the enemy was not so easily frightened. Other forces were flanking wide, keeping out of sight. 
Dhruv knew that they had to retreat even farther and get the others moving even deeper. 
From behind the column of stalagmite, Aditya spotted a pair of gunmen placing explosives around the cavern. The others were trying to flank Meera and Dhruv. 
“Shit, they are going to blow this place” whispered Francis as he looked at blocks of C4 on the wall. 
They heard Aridam voice “Give up Dhruv. I promise your death would be painless”. The sound seemed closer than before. 
Aditya looked at Francis and pointed upwards towards columns of stalactite.
Francis understood what Aditya meant and nodded, pointing his MP5 towards the ceiling. 
Then gunfire erupted at first sporadically, then more fiercely. Screams rose, full of blood and pain as huge shards of stalactite dropped from the ceiling of the cave on the Aridam’s men. 
Dhruv looked around to see both Francis and Aditya firing on the ceiling at the columns of stalactite. Taking from their cue both Meera and Dhruv started firing at the stalactite near Aridam. 
“Here ..” shouted Francis waving for them to come towards them. 
Aridam groaned from the pain as he fell on the ground. The impact knocking out the air from inside. His head pulsed with a throbbing beat as his muscles continued to burn. He looked at his bloodied shirt near the shoulder where a piece of the shard was sticking out. 
He looked around to see his men on the ground. All of them dead. 
He was outgunned and outmanned. 
He heard Dhruv’s shout over the rubble of salts and minerals “Surrender Aridam. I promise we will not hurt you.” 
“Never, I have more men coming” he shouted back.
Aridam knew it was a lie. He began to feel the heaviness in his arm and the fog in his brains.
“Damn, the shard must have pierced an artery” he thought “It wouldn’t be long before he could succumb due to this. He had probably less than a minute to live” 
“Surrender Aridam, this is your last chance” 
He was not going to let them win. 
He pulled out the electronic detonator switch from his upper breast pocket. 
A resounding explosion jolted the entire floor.
They all jumped to their feet and ran for the exit. It began to wobble, columns of stalactite began to break away from their tether in the ceiling and fall on the ground.
Off balance, Meera tumbled to the side. Aditya caught her around the waist and both of them rushed towards the tunnel. 
They all flew into it as more of the cavern imploded. A last glance showed the floor tilted askew as a waterfall of rocks and water started to flood the massive cavern from the lake above.
They continued running far up the tunnel to see any more. A moment later, an earth-shaking crash chased them. 
A flume of rock dust came rolling up the tunnel and over them. 
 

Chapter 26

“Is everyone alright?” asked Dhruv as he pointed the flashlight towards them. 
The blast and aftershock had knocked everyone off their feet.  
“I am done with tunnels and caverns” said Francis grumpily
“Let us get going, we have a long walk from here” Meera said pointing towards he long narrow tunnel in front of them. 
“How long is this tunnel?” asked Francis
“If it is leading towards Bhimashankar than around sixty to seventy kilometres” replied Aditya
“Whoever said walking is the best exercise has never been inside a tunnel” groaned Francis as he stood up.
“Like they say a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step” quipped Meera
They walked for many hours in the underground, the tunnel opened to multiple tiny rooms during their journey, allowing them to rest and sleep for some time. 
When the tunnel finally opened under a waterfall at the outer rim of the Bhimashankar, they were rewarded with a cold breath of fresh air from the forest. The entire journey had taken nearly twelve hours. 
Francis was the first one out, and he kissed the ground as he walked out the mouth of the tunnel. 
“Thank You, Thank You, Thank You” he exclaimed
The others smiled as one by one they came out of the mouth of the tunnel into the bright afternoon sunlight. 
Without wasting any more minute, Dhruv dialled the support number and called for help. Thanks to google maps on his phone, he was able to give an exact location of where they were. The operator said that they should expect a helicopter within the next hour and asked them to search for a clear landing space for them to be picked up. 
“Help is on the way” said Dhruv and sat on the ground next to the waterfall. 
They spent the entire day at Lohegaon air force base in Pune where the helicopter dropped them. Thankfully none of them had any serious injuries other than a couple of bruises to remind them of how narrowly they had escaped. 
At the base, Dhruv had called the minister and briefed her about the incident. She was mostly quiet during the entire conversation and at the end asked them to meet her the next day in Delhi.  
They landed early next morning at the Defence Ministry in South Block. 
“The minister is in a meeting, please have a seat” said the assistant pointing to the sofa opposite his desk.
“What happened to the earlier assistant Amit” whispered Aditya to Dhruv as they sat down.
“Not sure. One way to find out.” 
“What happed to Amit Tiwari” asked Dhruv to the new assistant. 
“Sadly, he passed away. His car met with an accident a couple of days back” 
“Sorry to hear that” replied Dhruv 
The phone of the desk started ringing and the assistant picked it up. 
“You can go right in. She is waiting for you all” said the young assistant as he got up from his chair to open the big teakwood door. 
As they walked, they saw a middle-aged man already sitting in front of the minister. He stood up from his seat and smiled at the group. 
“Sir” said both Dhruv and Francis in attention and saluted the man opposite him.
“At ease” he replied to them. He came forward and shook hands of both of them and introduced himself to Meera and Aditya.
“Hello, I am Lt. General Pradeep Shenoy” he said, shaking their hands. 
Both Meera and Aditya introduced themselves to the General, who was still smiling at both of them. 
“Great, now that all of us know each other. Let us sit down” said the minister pointing towards the rectangular conference table in the room. 
All of them sat around the conference table. 
“So do you think Aridam could have escaped?” asked the minister.
Dhruv looked at the other three “I don’t think so. He was hurt before the cavern collapsed so escaping that much debris would have been impossible.” 
“What about others?” 
“I don’t there were any more left. If Aridam felt that he had a chance of winning, he wouldn’t have detonated the explosives. He detonated it because he felt he had lost” replied Dhruv
“So do you think the weapon is gone?”
“I think it is still buried under that water and debris. Maybe lost forever. Whatever Anandrao planned, looks like it that he finally got it after three hundred years” replied Aditya 
“Can we excavate it?”
“I doubt it. The floor of the cavern was gypsum. With all that freshwater from the lake hitting the cavern, I believe it would have created a sinkhole which would have consumed the trunk” continued Aditya
“How is everyone reacting to this?” asked Meera, looking at the defence minister. 
This time the General answered “Well. The official communication is that there was an underground gas explosion which caused the cavern to collapse.”
He then added “So far we have not found any contamination in the lake and the area around it. We have a team of scientist on the ground as we speak” 
The rest of them nodded. 
“Good. Now to the important part” said the minister which made the four of them look at each other.
“The treat of the Assisi is real, we still don’t know how far their tentacles spread. My last assistant was one of their agents, we found out that he had bugged this office” 
She paused for a moment, looking everyone in the eye around the room “We need to take their organisation out completely.” 
There was firm determination in her voice. 
“The General and I have been working on a plan, to create a new strategic strike team who will directly report to me. The main objective of this team is to find out more about this covert organisation so that we bring them to justice. General Shenoy would be moving from AFSOD to lead this team.” 
She paused and looked at all of them.
“The HQ is going to be based in Mumbai. We have secured an underground basement facility within the Asiatic Townhall.” 
The others looked at each other, wondering why the minister was revealing this information if the team is top secret.
“I want all of you to be part of it.” 
 

 

Epilogue

There was a gentle knock on the door. 
“Come In” 
“Madam, do you need anything else” asked the young assistant at the door. 
“Nothing. You can leave for the day Manoj. I will manage it from here” said Vidya
“Good night madam” said the assistant as he closed the door behind him. 
Vidya closed the document and looked at the large ornate hanging opposite her desk. It was almost eleven in the night. She pressed a small switch on her desk, which automatically dimmed the lights in the room. 
She then picked up a tablet from her desk and placed it on a holder in front of her.  The app she opened asked her to authenticate herself with her fingerprint and a long twelve-digit alphanumeric password. 
The video conferencing app opened and it was already showing eight other shadowy figures on the screen. 
“Good Evening All” she said.
“Good Evening Eight” said the others as they nodded at her. 
“As we speak, teams are trying to salvage the trunk” she said
“Do you think it is destroyed?” asked one of them
“We checked the water in the lake for the pathogen but there was none. It is safe to assume now that it is buried under hundreds of ton of water and rock. It might take some time to dig it out” she replied
“The Assisi will send their operatives to find it as well” 
“I don’t think they know the exact place, as of now the official word is that there was a gas explosion which damaged the dam and the lake. Our teams are there as scientists studying the explosion epicentre and a construction unit is repairing the dam.” 
“What about the others?”
“What about them?” she countered
“Can we trust them?” 
“Yes we can.”
“You’re going to leave the fate of our future with this handful of young people” 
“These people have proven to be resourceful. They are smart, courageous and their hearts are in the right place. I believe with the right push they can be exactly what we need to find and eliminate the Assisi once for all” 
She paused for a moment, measuring the reaction from the others and added 
“It is time that we finish what we never started.” 
