Prologue
A child dressed in a sparkly pink tutu, lying in a white coffin.  The silence broken only by her mother’s sobbing.  A white feather flutters, unnoticed, into the tiny casket and rests on the unbeating heart of the dead child.
A handsome youth, dying on the wet ground in front of a cash-point.  As his life and his blood ebb away, a white feather floats past, invisible to the braying gang who surround his crumpled body.
An elderly man dies alone in a National Health hospital.  His yellow gnarled hand has no one to hold it.  Because his wife does not know he is dying.  Still, the white feather he clasps at his last rasping breath gives some comfort.
A man dies in his lover’s arms aboard a luxury yacht moored at Portofino.  A white feather falls onto the bloodied deck and slowly sails towards the murderer.
They used his head like a football and then they photographed his bubbling death on a mobile phone.  As they snapped the phone shut, a white feather was trapped inside.  But who was really coherent enough to notice?
A car collides with a middle-aged woman.  Skids over her body in the rainy night.  A white feather drops from the sky onto the windscreen of the screeching car, where it is swept away by the wipers, yet it manages to twist and then lands onto the dead woman.  Allah sends his aide to lift her up to Paradise.
A man watches all of these incidents and shakes his head.  A large black dog sits at his feet and the man strokes the dog’s haunches to comfort her as she cries quietly.  They both hear a noise – just a quick sound like the rustle of a leaf and then it is gone.  But it is enough.  
“Let’s go,” says the man to the dog and she springs up onto her long legs and stretches like a panther, “it’s beginning.”
In his haste to leave, he drops a white feather, which floats towards Earth like a boat lost on the horizon.



Snow raced to Jersey in a panther-black sleigh which exploded over St Helier like starry overspill from the Milky Way.  
It brought a festive delight to the island but it did not bring Christmas Eve to Ada’s heart.  She observed the falling snowflakes from the lounge window as she half-heartedly decorated the tree; something she had always enjoyed doing with Sophie.  Now she was just making the effort for her husband because she wanted to appear normal.  She grabbed tinsel and tree decorations and covered the large fir tree in a haphazard way.  And at the same time, the thirst for her dead daughter was unquenchable.
Not a day passed by when she didn’t wish she too was dead.  Yet when a crack of lightning smashed through the window, followed by a thud, she experienced a slime-like fear and her whole body froze, apart from her feral, blinking eyes.  
Crouching on all fours she crept towards the broken window.  The bullet-proof glass had only fractured, but there was a perfectly small hole in the bottom pane and lying nearby, was a rounded object no more than four inches high.
At first she thought it was some kind of hand grenade but on closer inspection she could see it was a metal figure.  She placed it in the palm of her hand.  It had a fluorescent green hue.  It was a little bronze man wearing a winged helmet and winged sandals.  It’s Hermes, she realised, the Greek God.  She smiled and placed him out of sight behind the Christmas tree.  As a child she adored Greek mythology.  I wish, she said to herself, that the gods really existed.  Because if they did, they’d help me.  They were strong and didn't bother about what was right and what was wrong.  They made their own justice.
From his roost behind the tree, the little god’s eyes shined a crystal blue.

“What’s happened?” Barney rushed into the main lounge.      He saw the broken glass.  “Are you okay darling?”
“Of course, don’t worry...an ornament crashed through the window, that’s all...”
“An ornament?”  What sort of ornament?”
“Oh, just a little figurine.  Nothing to be concerned about.  I’ll show you later.”
He frowned, “I’ll get Dragon to repair the window.”  He looked up surprised when he saw the tree.  "Hey, I thought you were going to let Miriam do the decorations?"
She looked sheepish.  “I thought, I‘d do it…"I’ve let Dragon take Miriam out to celebrate.”  She looked at the fallen star on the top…“but I haven’t made a very good job.”
He pulled her close and kissed her blonde curls.  "It looks fabulous and you smell gorgeous... Night off or not, Dragon will still have to repair the window when he returns.  Just hope he’s in a fit state.” 
She allowed him to cuddle her because she was his wife after all and she knew he genuinely loved her.  He also had a never-ending supply of money which was a comfort but when she first met him, she took him for what he was, a gentleman with a caring nature who made her feel safe.  She’d always suspected his wealth came from dodgy dealings but she was lenient with that and never questioned him.  After all he had saved her.  Until him, she was a physical wreck and he breathed some sort of life into her.  But she was aware that like the fine wine and art he collected.  She was a trophy as well.  She doubted he would have been interested in her had she not looked like a goddess.
He guided her towards the sofa.  "Sit down Ada.  I’ve got a Christmas present for you."
“But Barney it’s only Christmas Eve - it's far too early."  More diamonds, she thought.
"It's not jewellery by the way."  He looked serious, almost grey coloured under the soft focus lighting.
He searched in his back trouser pocket and gave her an expensive cream coloured envelope, ever so slightly crumpled which she ripped opened: a legacy of impatience which stemmed from childhood. 
She smiled, “Thank you darling.”  She stared briefly at the cheque, ready to move on   “But you haven't written the amount - be careful or I'll use it as an open one!"
He sat down beside her.  "That's what I want you to do.  Think of an amount you need and then treble it and write the cheque out for that sum.  I’ve opened a new bank account in Switzerland especially for you – I’ve put a few million in it for you to start you of but I know you will need more in the future...so just let me know and I’ll put more money into it so that you can write cheques or do whatever, transfer it..."  
“Why?”
His eyes clouded so that pupils and irises merged.  “Because I want you to be careful.  I’ve seen this...it was on the dressing room floor, you must have dropped it.” He thrust a newspaper clipping into her palm.   She glanced at it and then threw it onto the log fire that dominated the room.  Her eyes narrowed as she chose to remember her daughter's bruised and abused body.  
“It’s you Ada, isn’t it?” he asked, “you’re responsible for this craziness?”

She hung her head and corn-coloured curls fell like a ferret keeper’s cap over her forehead. "I wish you’d known Sophie, you’d have loved her.  You’d have realised exactly what I've lost."
His arm snaked around her waist like a new belt.  He breathed so deeply it echoed in her mind.  "I wish I’d known you."
"What do you mean?"
"Because when she was alive, so were you.”
"Sophie was my life...and now...”  
"Ada don’t beat yourself up.  It crucifies me to see you this way.  Is that why you’ve done it?  Because you want to meet strangers who feel the same way about murdered people as you do?  You know you can always talk to me, after all I’m your husband, we’re meant to be able to discuss things with each other.”
She could tell from his face that although he was her husband he did not really know her at all.  “I’m sorry Barney, revenge is eating the life out of me and I can’t discuss Sophie with you – she is not a murdered person she was my daughter.”
He sighed, “Look I’m sorry I shouldn’t have said that, it was callous of me...but darling why can’t you discuss Sophie with me?  You know I’m always here for you.”
“Because she was my daughter, not yours.”
He studied her face and his eyes squinted as if shavings of glass were trapped in them.  His wife had been married previously.  Sophie was the end product.  Thankfully her first husband had been killed in an industrial accident, else he would never had known her.  But Sophie was already dead by the time they got together.  He sighed heavily.  “Darling, revenge is not always the way.  Believe me, I’ve been there –wrote the book and wore the tee-shirt.”
“It’s the only way for me...”  
Her face reminded him of a marble sculpture as he traced the contour of her cheekbones with his thumb.  “I love you, I really love you and you know I’ll support you whatever you do, I’m no moralist.  But please be very careful.  Where you’re going in your mind, I can’t protect you.”
He breathed deeply again, “Look Ada think about what you really want to do.  Perhaps if we had our own baby.  That would put paid to these thoughts you have...”
She held her hand up to silence him.  “I’m not a nutcase Barney.  I know what I’m doing.  Look, I’ll never be ready to have another child.  When we met you said it didn't matter-“
“That’s right,” he said, “it doesn’t but it could make things better.  Make you fulfilled.”
Her beautiful face contorted to one of severe ugliness.  “No baby for us Barney.  I had a perfect child; one was enough.  I wouldn’t be capable of holding another baby let alone loving one.”
She turned away from him and gazed at the fire, wishing she could throw herself into the flames and then emerge, like the phoenix, to be the wife he deserved.  
******
Earlier in the month she had composed the advertisement and placed it quietly in the personal column of a current affairs magazine: "Have you lost a loved one as a result of a heinous crime?  Was the law too easy?  Was the punishment too soft?  Join the RC and be treated fairly and sympathetically.  Meet like-minded individuals."
"Ada what exactly are you up to?"  Barney’s cautious voice brought her back to the present.  
She sighed "I'm going to murder Edward Sedgwick.  It’s all I’ve ever wanted to do...I won’t rest until I get retribution.”  
“And what about me?” he asked, “Don’t I matter?”
She couldn’t look at him, “I care about you Barney, you know that, but nothing matters more to me than Sophie.  I loved my daughter far more than I’ll ever love you.” 

Michael watched closely as the boys tormented the old man, forcing him to eat chunks of raw pork and then punching him in his genitals. 
It was ironic, thought Michael, as they skinned alive, the old man's cat, that someone who had been through so much: escaped Auschwitz and the gas chamber, would end up being brutalised by two little psychos, high on acne and crack -cocaine.  He sighed as the old man screamed to his God for salvation as the youths spread the bloody pelt of his pet over his face.  Then they both began kicking him urgently in his ribs.  Complementing each other like pinball flippers.
He looked at Juno.  The dog's eyes never flickered once as she too, surveyed the carnage in the house.  Michael sighed again, “Come on girl – let’s do it.”
Juno followed him, inches away from his heels, wearing a black shiny coat with pricked ears and gangly legs.  When they reached the door of the old man's house Michael decided not to ring the doorbell.  Yobs didn’t open doors.  Instead, as he was occasionally inclined to do, he dematerialised and began to walk through the door, with Juno following.
"Hey guys," he remarked on surveying the destruction in the lounge.  The old man was still alive, but only just.  "Someone up there’s not pleased with you."  He pointed to the ceiling.  
"Who are you?"  The boy with virulent acne stopped his fancy footwork on the old man's face and looked up at Michael.  He covered his eyes with his hand as if blinded by the light emanating from Michael's direction.  "Turn off that fuckin’ torch."
Michael smiled and the light in his eyes dimmed.  
The taller, fatter youth moved over towards him, "Yeah, who the fuck are you?"
"Never mind who I am.   But I know who you are, Brian."
The boy's breath was rapid.  "How do you know my name wanker?"
"I know all about you and your worthless life."  Michael laughed.  "I know all about your friend John as well."
"What d’ya know, idiot?" asked John.  The pustules on his face were bursting with drug-induced rage.  “Can you see into the future arsehole?"
"Yes," said Michael, "But I don’t see either of you.”
They stared at him as if he was quite mad.   But then it was over for them before it ever really started.  Michael’s electric blue eyes glowed and the room filled with delightful copper coloured flames which rose higher and higher towards the ceiling as they whirled and looped themselves around the startled youths, like lovers they would never experience. Their mouths fell open each making a black pitiful hole.  Pain was blinking in their eyes.  
Michael looked away, he hated seeing discomfort even when it was deserved.  Instead ,he listened to the popping bones and sizzling flesh.  But the dog’s eyes never left the prey.  He clicked his fingers and the fire vanished and his eyes darkened to navy blue.  
Two piles of black soot and charred bones nestled on the carpet and a lone tear meandered down his cheek.  “They didn’t deserve to live,” he said to the dog, “perhaps someone loved them...but they were just too evil.” He caressed the dog's muscular neck but she had long been resigned to the boys’ fate.
In the lounge he cradled the old man in his arms and kissed him on his head.  "You asked your God for help but I came instead."
******
No one noticed them standing in the shadows as the ambulance arrived.  It was not the sort of neighbourhood that would notice them anyway.
Michael stared at the moon, its raw beauty never failed to amaze him.   He scratched the dog’s head and she succumbed to the intricate seduction of his fingers.  "What happened then was just a taster,” he said.  He released the newspaper extract he was holding and watched it soar towards the moon.  “Come on girl, let’s go.  Tonight we have a meeting to attend."   
Watching them both was a strange man wearing a red fedora and grey velvet smoking jacket.  He struck a match against the roof he was sitting on and lit a cheroot.  “Have your moment Michael or whatever you call yourself these days,” he whispered, blowing smoke up towards the stars, “because soon I’ll have mine.”

From far above the world in Mount Olympia Zeus watched.  His expression was rigid as he watched the boys torment and batter the old man.  Even when Michael put an end to them, his expression didn't change.  Only when he looked at the dog did something happen to his face, the acute stoniness of his features left and he looked almost, happy as if he was about to smile.  But then he pushed his hands deep into the waters of the all seeing pool and they vanished from view, leaving Zeus angry and about to cause the worst storm that the Earth had ever known, such was the ferocity of his fingers in the waters.

Charles Green roared up to the front of the café on his powerful Ducati just before 7am.  He always ordered the same breakfast: two poached eggs on wholegrain toast, small glass of orange juice and an Americano coffee.  
He was ex-Sandhurst, taught not to show his emotions but the day he heard the news of his son’s death, he cried like a baby.  He hadn’t really stopped since.  
He was way into his breakfast (including second cup of coffee) when Saffie walked in.  She kissed him lightly on the lips and pushed her elfin fringe away from her face.
"You want somefink to drink?  Eat?" shouted the man behind the counter as he admired her beautiful face.
Saffie smiled widely.  "Just an Americano please," she said looking directly into Charles’s eyes.
"What on earth are you doing here?"  
"Oh Charlie, aren't you pleased to see me?"
"Huh, of course old girl, but the last time I saw you was less than an hour ago and you were fast asleep."
She smiled wickedly, and ran a narrow foot up his shin, making him blush.  Something he did not think he was capable of doing.
"Saffie!"
"It's all right Charlie.  No one can see.  Not unless they're under the table."  The waitress arrived with her coffee before Saffie’s foot could proceed any further.
"Well?” said Charles, “Why are you here?” He was irritated that she had infiltrated his breakfast haven.
She sipped her coffee and the twinkle in her conker brown eyes departed.  "We never talk Charlie, you're always too busy."
He put his fork down loudly on the table.  "Ah so that's it - you're fed up with me.”  He looked pitiful.  "Can't say I blame you.”
"Oh don't be stupid.  I love you.”
"You do?”
"Yes, of course.”
"Oh well, that's all right then."  He continued with his breakfast.
"It's not all right Charlie...sometimes love just isn’t enough”
Charles sighed.  "Okay.  Spit it out Saff!”
"I want us to have a baby."
Charles spluttered, spitting his own Americano all down his pin-stripe suit.  "Damn it, I should have kept the leathers on."
She looked at him in the same adolescent way that James used to.   "Well what do you think?  Are you up for a kid?”
He looked exasperated, "You know what I think.   I've had enough children.  I don't want any more."
"But Charlie -"
"Look, I love all my children, but I loved James the most.  His murder ended my life as it was...he was my piece of creation, the best ever.  But now I don’t want to recreate any more.  If you want kids darling then it won’t be with me.”  He carried on eating.  
She gave him a withering look - "Okay if that's what you want - but don't expect to find me at home this evening.  There’s a straw to break every camel’s back you know.  We’ve been together long enough now.  We should be making a commitment.  You say you love me, so prove it."
He looked into her face and recognised the anguish in her eyes because he saw it smothered on his own face every morning when he looked in his shaving mirror.  "Don't force ultimatums on me Saff.  Do what you have to.  You’re your own woman – that’s what you always tell me."  
"Charlie, how can you say that after all the support I’ve given you...he wasn’t my son...”
"I know," he said, “but he was mine.”
She was crying now.  “You can be a complete bastard you know.”
“It’s my middle name darling.”  
He watched her leave, straight back, like the Pilates teacher she was.  He sort of loved her but he loved his dead son more.  James cracked his very soul but poor Saffie did not even dent the surface.
A tear for James or was it for Saffie meandered down his cheek as he unfolded the piece of paper that had been lurking in his pocket.  His deep set eyes scanned the invitation to the club that he so desperately wanted to join.
******
Hazel Begg glanced in the mirror: her dead brother was standing behind her. She blinked and then he vanished.  She poured herself another glass of red, perhaps she could bring him back again.  Instead, she slumped on the bed like an overused whore.  Tomorrow, she promised herself, she’d give up the booze.  
There was only 16 months’ difference in their ages.  He was the elder but they always behaved like twins.  They looked so similar, both dark with huge blue eyes.  And they had that special telepathy that twins usually possessed.  They holidayed together and they had even bought a mews cottage together.  In fact, they were inseparable until Jemima came on the scene.  Of course, she was not Tony's class and Hazel could see she was trouble right from the start.  She was possessive and stopped him from seeing Hazel.  She even made him move from London to Cap Ferrat of all places, where big investment and big partying was the name of the game.
Hazel read about him, her own brother, in the gossip columns.  She discovered he was getting married but there was no invitation for her to the ceremony.  Of course Tony wanted her there but his nightmare of a fiancée did not.   
When Tony was murdered aboard his yacht, he called out for Hazel but by then it was much too late.  Time had taken an awful diversion.  
Jemima’s crime was a crime of passion the judge said, a loving woman who just snapped.  Tony and Jemima had a row: she was hysterical and stabbed him to death with the knife one of the crew had used to prepare steak for their evening meal.
Hazel raised herself from the bed and began packing a small case.  What she wanted was pure revenge which was worse than pure cocaine.   The Retribution Club would give her that.  Jemima was in prison here, extradited from France.  Hazel wouldn’t be happy until she saw her blood running in front of her and she could see death scribbled on her face

He walked into the room and the aroma almost suffocated him.  Lilies, he abhorred the smell.  But Kieran adored them, so he put up with them.  Since Kieran’s death his housekeepers arranged for fresh lilies to be placed daily in the bedrooms they used to share in all the properties he owned throughout the world.  He smiled and but there was only regret in his eyes.  Shrines.  They would never be anything else now.  He would never sleep in those rooms again, and neither would anyone else.
He knew that he would always suffer from that dark gnawing hunger called loneliness.  Because he had loved too much.  He had achieved everything possible: gold discs on nearly every wall in all his homes, a couple of Ivor Novello awards and countless others; as well as writing his own songs he wrote for many other super-stars.  It was true, he thought, as he caressed the Egyptian cotton pillowcase where Kieran used to lay his head, I won’t experience that kind of pleasure again.  He could feel a new song coming on but he suppressed the urge to write.  In fact, he had not written anything since Kieran’s death.  He didn’t need to - he had enough money for more than one lifetime.  The Press started saying he was a has been. Past his prime.  But he knew different...he was just a guy who had loved too much and whose grief was too much to bear.
Closing the bedroom door, he made his way down to one of the lounges and walked out through the patio and directly onto a magnificent white sand beach where he visually devoured all that the Caribbean had to offer.  He felt the blue sky and swaying palms caressing his grief as he bathed his soul in sunlight.
Yes sir, he thought, Pigeon Point was a good place to settle and the rum was the best.  What more could any man want.  I want my lover back in my arms.   He moved back towards the patio and there was a crashing sound just where he had been standing.  He looked, slightly taken aback; a coconut had fallen from a palm.   If I had still been there it would have smashed my head to pulp he thought.
Deep down he knew it was a sign.  He had been given a life.  Not just to sit and do nothing but to take action.   He had the means, and, he had more than enough anger to fight the world.  Back in the lounge he picked up a cheap white envelope that was lying on the coffee table.  It bore a South London postmark and he was a South London boy: he knew them all: Jagger, Richards and a few more that were no longer around.  Of course, he was years' younger than them, but he knew them all right.  South London superstars always banded together.  Momentarily he considered who could have sent this to him.  But then his mind squashed the thought like a fly.
He pulled out the cutting from the envelope.  It was his licence to commit murder. An eye for an eye and all that hokum.  What was frightening was that he now passionately believed it.

Every Friday night Mrs Peasbody made shepherd's pie.  It was Henry's favourite.  Just because Henry was dead there was no reason to change things. Besides, his memory was mightier than his life. 
She put the shepherd's pie into the oven and glanced at the kitchen clock as she busied herself by polishing a silver photograph frame containing a photo of Henry and herself on their wedding day.  Both were smiling broadly for the camera.
"You were my rock, my love," she said aloud, "and now my rock has been eroded."  
In her front parlour she removed a German accordion from a cupboard and started to play "I'll Take You Home Again Kathleen".  Henry always played it so well for her.  She received a form of comfort playing it herself; of course she was not half as good as him.
Soon her past gave way to sleep and she dozed in the chair with the accordion resting awkwardly at her side.  She woke abruptly to the sound of the smoke alarm outside the kitchen.  The shepherd's pie was on fire.  She darted into the kitchen – Henry would be looking down laughing at this she thought as she removed the flaming pie from the oven.
This has to stop right now, she decided, while wrestling with the burnt pie dish, this grieving, it has to stop.  I must try and get some happiness from what time I have left.  No, she tossed her head; it’s not happiness I want.  It’s something else.  She returned the accordion to the cupboard and  delved in her pocket and produced a neatly folded section of a magazine.  She spread it across her shiny dining table, found pen and paper and began to write a letter addressed to the advertisement in the personal column that she had ringed round previously.
"Dear Sir/Madam - in response to your advertisement I would like you to know that I would like revenge...no that’s not true.  I am hungry for revenge."

Jake Imran Khan Cotton, had seen a lot in his twenty-eight years.  His was a turbulent childhood in a mixed race household where the Bible was used for beating and the Koran used for placating.  Where a vicar instructed that sex outside of marriage was always painful because it was caused by lust seeping through the guilt. Where an imam told him that sex within marriage was entwined with beauty and passion.  And that if you truly believe that everything you do is righteous, then it will be, even if, in the eyes of the Christian faith, it is wrong.
Then to adulthood and completely off the rails.  Petty crime and loving girls, and tears in his mother’s eyes and a clench in his father’s fist.
And then surprisingly to the making of him: to the army at seventeen years old and a proper education, rising to the ranks of lieutenant – a glittering future. But then a downfall.
His Pakistani mother, wearing her best salwar kameez, lying crumpled beneath a car. Blood collecting at the corner of her mouth, and trickling slowly down her nose.  Dying, not in his arms, because he was in a desert storm, preparing to invade.  But in the arms of a compassionate milk-man: His milk float abandoned on the verge as he gave a devout Muslim woman the only help he knew, his Catholic Last Rites.
What happened next?  Of course a dishonourable discharge just because he happened to nearly kill the wrong man for the crime.
So just released from the glasshouse, here he stands, letter in hand, ready to post.  The Retribution Club is ready to embrace another member.
******
She sat in her husband's study - there were piles of letters on the desk and floor.  All desperate people like her, she thought, all responding to her advertisement.   She had never realised before just how much injustice there was in the world and just how much people were suffering.  She opened a letter and cried as she read the contents and put it to one side.  She had always thought that she was alone, that the feelings she contained belonged only to her.  But there were sack loads of people just like her.  All trying to have some form of life after death.  All let down by the justice system.  All having lost loved ones, with nothing left but a feeling of gall stones - a deep, raw pain that would not go away no matter how much milk you drank. 
It was so sad, she thought, she wanted to help the people who had no money.  But she couldn't.  The only people who she was interested in, had to be financially secure.  Because money needed to be spent.  But the poor...she would have loved to help them.  Those people who were really left with nothing.  Only very sad memories, that not even wealth can erase.
But she had to pick her team wisely because with revenge there was no going back.

Barney, although he was a handsome man, usually immaculately dressed, he sometimes had the air of a spiv about him.  It was as if he didn't quite conform.  It was a grey, overcast morning. One of those January days that were blending into February, another worthless month as far as he was concerned. Give him June and the smell of a Portuguese golf course any time.  He drove carefully down to the ferry terminal at St Helier and parked the Bentley with loving care.  Tapping its bonnet as he made his way to a small, slightly run down coffee shop near to the terminal entrance.  He walked in and adjusted his camel overcoat.  It was a bit tight around the shoulders, he made a mental note to stop pumping iron every day at the gym and maybe lay off the carbs for the time being.
He looked over to the window.  A man, dressed in a full length leather coat was sitting near the window.  He reminded Barney of Steve McQueen when he was in Bullit or some movie.  He couldn't remember but he had that same sleek look about him.
“Hi,” he said, “Are you Mike?”
“Michael,” said the man.
“Barney,” and he felt a flush of irritability cross his face yet he held out his hand for the man to shake.  Michael’s handshake was neither overbearing nor limp and it gave Barney some strange kind of reassurance.
Barney took a seat opposite Michael and looked around.  Once he was sure that no one was looking he handed Michael an envelope.  “Inside are the Swiss bank account details…you will find everything in order.”
Michael smiled.  “I’m sure.”
Barney turned again to make sure he wasn’t being overheard but there was no one behind him.  "I want my wife fully protected you understand.  If she isn’t I’ll hold you fully responsible.  And I will hunt you down.”
Michael nodded.  “I understand..there is one thing though…I have a dog is it okay for me to bring her with me?”
“You can even bring your mother, I don’t care as long as my baby is looked after...and I want regular updates.  Understand.”
“Completely,” Michael smiled.  They shook hands and Barney left still looking behind him.
Outside Barney bumped into a large black dog that was waiting patiently outside the café.
Over the road a strange looking man wearing a red hat and Turkish slippers watched and laughed.

Dragon manoeuvred the silver Mercedes with the blacked out windows down the winding lanes.  His route was highlighted by the wet roads and Ada heard a gentle splash when the car's tyres made contact with puddles.
They pulled up as silently as the big car would allow in front of a small church hall, as they did so, the lights appeared inside giving a cosy feel to the place, even though the weather was frightful.  Dragon jumped from the car and opened the rear passenger door for Ada.  Her expensive heels caught in soft mud as she alighted from the car.  I should have worn flats, she thought to herself, but then I would not feel empowered.
"Do you want me to come in with you Madam?"  Dragon looked at her with his warm Mediterranean face.
"If you come in Dragon, you might at some stage be implemented, and I couldn't do that to you."
She could see the concentration in his face as a v-shaped frown appeared between his eyes and he bit his bottom lip.  "For me, Madam, it will be a pleasure to be implemented."  He guided her up the steps.

He crouched over the huge BMW, like a Brand's Hatch veteran.  His leathers appeared oily in the moonlight which had sprung from nowhere and then vanished as a sharp rain played havoc with the visor on his helmet.  Damn it, thought Charles Green, what a night for biking.  As if hearing him, the rain sulkily turned to sleet.
"Turn back," said a voice in his head, "you can't change anything."
"Bastard," replied Charles revving up the engine even more, "I'm bloody well going to try."  He drove into a deep bend then out again and was forced to slow down so that he could ease the bike along the concealed drive.  At the same time he nearly collided with an elderly woman who was walking sprightly up the drive.

She unpacked her tiny suitcase and hung up a conker-brown cardigan, conker-brown checked skirt and white high necked blouse, nearly identical to the ones she was already wearing.  She looked out of the window.  It was a really dreadful night.  She tutted as she meticulously washed her hands.  There was a lot of noise coming from the bar below which was she decided, one of the penalties for staying at a pub.  Still, it was only for two nights.   The rain pelted the window and she shivered as she felt the searing pain of arthritis creeping uninvited into her body.  But there is no going back now, she said to herself, putting on a voluminous raincoat and matching hat.  
As she marched past the bar, the landlady looked at her in surprise, "Really dear, should you be going out in this awful weather?"  It's not a good idea, especially at your age!"
"I have an appointment," she replied, surprised at the snappiness in her voice, "I'm due at the church hall shortly."
"Oh that," remarked the landlady, quickly losing interest, "Isn't it some travel club reunion?"  
"Yes," replied Mrs Peasbody, "something like that."
Armed with her umbrella she made her away along the lane.  The wind had risen and sleety rain scratched her face.  She gave up on her umbrella and pulled her hat over her eyes as she walked along the deserted road, illuminated only by house lighting.  She found the church hall easily and made her way along the drive.  The hall was lit up so she assumed that other members had already arrived.
A roar came from behind and she turned just in time to see a powerful motorcycle bearing down on her. She jumped in the bushes to avoid it.

The Learjet touched down smoothly, Joseph was at the controls and allowed himself a brief smile.  All those years of drug and alcohol over- indulgence were excommunicated from his body, and now he had a steady hand to control the plane’s instruments.  He examined his right hand. Steady as a rock.  And that’s thanks to you Kieran.
A Porsche Carerra waited for him at Biggin Hill Aerodrome.  His team had arranged everything and they had learned not to ask questions.  A man huddled in a duffle coat handed him the car keys.
Once inside the Porsche, he removed a large silver crucifix from his inside pocket. He did not know what made him bring it with him.  Just that he felt compelled to do so.  He placed it on the dashboard.
The Porsche revved beautifully for him, which was why the make was one of his favourites and he sped out of the aerodrome gates into the winding road that led towards Downe Village.  He looked at his satnav and noticed that he was passing by Charles Darwin’s house.  He stretched his neck but everything was in darkness.  Perhaps he would visit another day – see what made mankind turn out so awful.  The car's windscreen wipers worked furiously to keep the rain from obscuring his view.  With the help of the trusty satnav he found Chelsfield easily, pausing briefly as he eased the accelerator as he pulled into the drive.  He was quickly hit from behind by a redhead driving a small hatchback.

Hazel Begg caught the BA flight from Nice into Gatwick.  She collected her hire car and was soon on her way towards Chelsfield.   As the M23 merged into the M25 the weather turned vindictive – sleet sprayed across the merging motorways and she nearly missed junction 4 and would have ended up at the Dartford Crossing but fortunately, she swerved back into the correct lane.  Damn it, she thought, I should have demanded satellite navigation.  
Her face was a mask, no love, no hate just an expression that proved she was alive, as she made another wrong turn and drove into lack-lustre Orpington.  At the one way system, just before the High Street she turned around.  She could not help but notice the hopelessness on the wet pavements as small gangs of feral youths boldly roamed where pensioners and the righteous feared to tread, two of whom decided to spit at her car as she waited at the lights.  I'm so glad I live where I do she decided, only millionaires apart from a small army of immigrants, legal and otherwise!
She drove into Chelsfield village and straight into the back of a Porsche that was trying to proceed along the drive.

Jake Cotton considered himself very lucky.  His probation officer lived in Sevenoaks and was able to give him a lift from Waterloo to Chelsfield village.  Jake told him he was going to an army reunion – his probation officer never said that was an unusual occurrence for a man who had been dishonourably discharged.  Probably, thought Jake, he did not even realise – because that was the sort of probation system which ruled in the UK now with untrained, overworked people.
The probation officer had asked how Jake would get home and Jake just shrugged.  "Well," said the chap, "if you get stuck, here's my home number, I'll come and get you and you can stay the night."
No matter what, Jake would not be calling him, because he had decided that the man fancied him.  Paranoia hits you when you have been in Iraq, he thought
He stood outside the community hall and watched a couple of people go in.  He felt frightened which was silly after you had lived in a world of bombs and snipers. 
Behind him, unnoticed, a man with a large black dog watched him.  And a million miles away, in the bowels of the earth, a demon closely watched all of them..

The caretaker was a roly-poly man with a smile as wide as a child on his birthday.  “Just help yourself m’dear to hot water.  It’s in the urn – tea bags as well, but no coffee.  The vicar don’t like coffee – call’s it ‘the devil’s drink’”.
“Thank you very much,” said Ada, “but we’ve brought our own refreshments.”
The caretaker smiled again, “Good for you.  Well I’ll come by at about 10.30-ish to lock up, if that’s okay?”
“That’s fine.  Thank you for your help.”
“It don’t matter if you’re a bit late,” remarked the caretaker, “the Women’s Medau Club are the worst ones.  Always late….getting out of their leotards.”
Ada heard a car door slam, “thank you…”She looked at Dragon.
“Thank you,” echoed Dragon, “we must get ready now, our visitors are arriving.”  He placed a firm hand on the caretaker’s shoulder and carefully steered him towards the back door.
Ada fixed up a small microwave in the kitchenette near the stage.  Then she arranged pretty duck-egg blue mugs, along with tea and coffee caddies.  Dragon placed some giant size stainless steel vacuum flasks next to them.  
There was a slight tapping at the entrance.  “Come in,” shouted Ada.
A small lady with short salt and pepper hair peeped around the door.  “Is this the RC meeting?”
“Yes,” Ada smiled warmly albeit nervously, “that’s right.  Please help yourself in the back to a drink – I’ve also got some microwave ready meals that we can have later.  I don’t know whether you’ve eaten yet?”
“Thank you, that’s very king of you.  I’m sure.”  She sat down in the front row and adjusted her skirt.
A tall distinguished man with iron grey hair followed her in.  He moved purposely with a strong military bearing, nodded at her and went and helped himself to a black coffee.  “Mmm – at least the coffee’s good!” he remarked, smiling at Ada, “Blue Mountain I think?”
Ada laughed.  “Spot on – but instant I’m afraid.”  She turned back to her paperwork and heard a commotion outside, near the entrance.  A tall man came in quickly followed by a woman with striking red hair.  
“You idiot, don’t you know how much damage you’ve done.”
“Chill out, the insurance company will pay out,” screamed the red head.
“Not for all this damage lady.”
“Well,” remarked the woman, eyes blazing, “If what I’ve read about you in the Times Rich List is true then you can well afford whatever bill’s thrown your way….”
When they noticed Ada staring at them they became silent.
“Help yourself to drinks.  It will calm you down.”  She pointed in the direction of the kitchenette.
They looked sheepish as they headed there.
This doesn’t look good, she thought, fighting amongst ourselves before we’ve even started!
Suddenly, a handsome young man burst through the entrance.  He looked agitated.  “Am I in the right place?” he asked, dark eyes flashing.  “I replied to the ad.”
“Yes you are,” she stated.
She directed him to the kitchenette and he pushed past the red head and helped himself to a bottle of mineral water.  He came back and faced Ada, “Well I’m saved then aren’t I?”
She looked at him closely, his handsome eyes were crying, “Yes,” she said, “you are.”
She surveyed the small group assembled before her: the tall chap with the highlighted hair.  He was obviously Joseph.  She had seen him in countless magazines and had even been to his gigs.  The silver hair and grave eyes belonged to Charles.  Mrs Peasbody…small and bird-like.  Sultry redhead, Hazel Begg.  And as for the beautiful dark eyed young man who was full of anger.  That was Jake.
She glanced at the sixties-style electric clock on the wall.  There was one other to come …but she couldn’t wait.  Murder does not wait for latecomers so why should retribution?  But he needed to show....

It was a hurried conversation.  She met him in a bar.  One of those posy ones in St Helier.  She was waiting for Barney but he never showed.  Apparently his mobile wasn’t working and he had been called into a late business meeting.  He sent Dragon to meet her but apparently he had a flat tyre.  Anyhow, the man bought her a cosmopolitan cocktail.  He was extremely good looking in a Nordic sort of way.  She didn't know why but she found herself easily telling him about her daughter.  She also told him about the Retribution Club and he listened...

She smiled at the sombre group who were, sipping hot drinks and reflecting.  None of them spoke and none of them laughed..
She inhaled deeply, aware that Dragon was watching her from behind the tea urn.  “Thank you all for coming this evening.  It means so much to me.”
“You’re welcome dear, I’m sure.”
Ada stared at the woman in the front row.  Yes, she looked exactly like a little sparrow.
“Thank you….Mrs Peasbody.”
Mrs Peasbody gave a slight nod of the head.
“Right…well, let’s get started…we’ve got so much to get through…We’re expecting another person…but we must press ahead.”
She asked them if they had told anyone about their whereabouts and she asked Dragon to make each of them swear on the bible that they had not.  
Jake Cotton refused.  “I’m Muslim,” he said.
“I do not have a copy of the Koran with me,” stated Dragon, “so close your eyes and think of this bible as being the Koran.  And swear.”
Jake looked angry and hesitated. 
“It will not hurt you,” said Dragon, “just pretend please.  You will still get to paradise.”
Jake didn't think so, but he took the bible and closed his eyes and said “I swear.”
Jake returned the bible to Dragon and noticed that he wore a glass eye a lighter shade of brown than his real one.
“Now,” said Ada, “help yourselves to more drinks quickly.  If you can let Dragon know which ready meals you want, he’ll heat them up for you.”
No one wanted to eat so Ada clapped her hands. “Please sit down, we must hurry.  The Retribution Club, is as you know about to be formed to help people whose loved ones have been murdered and for whom there was no justice.  We must listen to each of your accounts and we have to be out of the hall by 10.30.
Now who wants to go first?”
“I will.”  Charles Green’s eloquent voice boomed across the hall.

He stood up and walked over to Ada. “May I stand here?”
Although he phrased the sentence as a question, Ada sensed that he was telling her, rather than asking.
“Of course.”  She went and sat in the front row.   Her eyes did not blink as he began to speak.
“I suppose you’re thinking what’s that posh git doing up there.  What’s he got to say that’s worth listening to?  What loss has he suffered?  A dodgy business deal?”
Ada watched as tears welled in his eyes and he clenched his fists so hard that his white knuckles were in garish contrast to his suntanned hands.
“Well,” he continued, “I’ll tell you – I’m a very successful property developer.  I’ve an extremely posh mews house in Chelsea, and even grander luxury villa in the Marbella hills, and a loft conversion in New York – not so posh, a small villa in Turkey.  As well as a weekend retreat in Somerset.  I drive a Mercedes and a top of the range Ducati motorcycle …….”
“The one that nearly ran me over?” the little bird-like woman stated.
Charles Green gave a throaty laugh.  “Yes, the very one.”
His laugh is posh, decided Ada, but it’s genuine.
“… Well,” he continued, “I’ve also had three wives; a girlfriend who has just walked out on me because I didn’t want her child….I could go on.  I also had four lovely children.  Whatever my chauvinistic failings, they gave me unconditional….” His voiced ebbed away, until it was less than a whisper…“love” 
He removed a handkerchief from his top pocket and blew his nose furiously.  “Yes, I had four kids…but now I only have three.  My youngest child, James, was viciously murdered by a feral street gang.”

Charles Green watched the five people seated in front of him.  Good grief, they understand, he thought.  It’s in their posture.
His voice cracked.  “He was only twenty four and he was coming to the end of his chartered accountancy training.”  He laughed, remembering his lively son.  “He wasn’t really accountant material…far too outgoing…still it was grounding for his life ahead.  He really wanted to be an actor, but well….” He looked morose and began crying for the life his son would not have.  He composed himself.  “He’d had the usual night out with friends.  Near to where he lived, he stopped at a cash point.  He was coming to Sunday lunch the next day with me.  Perhaps he was going to treat the old man to a couple of bottles of decent vino?  Who knows?  Anyhow, by all accounts, they surrounded him.  Demanded his money, his cards, and his pin numbers.  He gave them what they wanted.  He didn’t want trouble.  He was no brawler.  Good grief he wouldn’t even tread on a snail.”
He sobbed loudly and the guise of upper crust gent dissolved.  Everyone stared at him because they could relate to him.  “You can’t imagine how I feel,” he cried, but then he remembered that they did.  “They took what they wanted and roughed him up a bit.  Even broke his nose: a bystander saw it all.  And then they left him, clutching his nose and clutching a lamppost...Then the ringleader came back, just as an afterthought I suppose... and stabbed him…dead…straight through the heart…just because he could…”  His voice trailed away with his loss.  “…Thank you.  I’m done.”
He left the small stage and looked at Ada Marcolli.  The beautiful tears on her beautiful face reminded him of diamonds.
Ada took to the stage.  “Thank you.   Thank you.  That was Charles’s account of why he’s here.  And I know that we all really feel for him.  Who would like to go next?”
“Me please.”
Eyes darted toward the sinewy woman with the intelligent brown eyes.
Ada smiled.  “Then come to stage if you please, Mrs Peasbody.”
Mrs Peasbody bit her trembling bottom lip.  She paused before she mounted the steps and went over to a nearby window and pulled open a dull check curtain which was blowing furiously.  “Oh my,” she remarked, “the rain’s turned to sleet now.”
Nobody said anything as she marched up the steps.
When she finally spoke after clearing her throat, her voice was hesitant.
“Hello all, I’m Mrs Peasbody.  I don’t think dears that I’ll be able to include the passion that Charles had but I do want to tell you about my loss and my hate…”

We’d just celebrated our 50th wedding anniversary.  We went to Madeira as a treat as we were both keen walkers.  Some of the levada walks were spectacular … misty mornings surrounded by tropical blooms and small banana trees.  One afternoon we even had tea at Reid’s Hotel.  She laughed like Tinkerbelle, giving insight into the carefree girl she had once been.
“I’ve been there as well, it was top stuff,” remarked Charles who had recovered his composure.
Mrs Peasbody smiled and then like the sun setting, it vanished.  …Yes, we had a wonderful time.  A remarkable holiday … but … it was our last …Henry’s days were numbered.  He had always been a fit person; old age never stopped his zest for life
After the holiday, the tan he picked up never really left him.  One day, I noticed it wasn’t a tan at all; it was that awful mustard colour of jaundice.  It was just one of those things; my poor darling had liver failure. He didn’t drink, or do anything to abuse his body.  He was informed by a hospital consultant, such a young chap with baby blue eyes, that he would die soon if he didn't have a transplant.  We needed a donor and quickly.”
She signed and blew her nose on a dainty cotton hanky.  “But dealing with the National Health Service is a toil…they mean well I suppose…anyhow after six months and with my Henry close to the grim reaper, a donor was found.  It was so sad: the organ of a young girl who took her own life.  She jumped off the Clifton Suspension bridge.  Silly girl.  Why end your life like that when life never lasts a lifetime anyway.  Silly, silly girl” 
Ada swallowed and looked around; the others had the same feelings as her.  They wanted to end their lives as well because of what had happened to them.
Mrs Peasbody sniffed and continued, “The surgeon who was to perform the operation, Sir Ranulph Shankling was well known and well respected.”  She sighed again.  “The operation was scheduled for 9am on the Monday.  We were so excited.  Henry now had a fighting chance.  I thought how lucky we were living in the UK, what with my Henry getting a transplant free on the National Health.  Well, at midnight on the Sunday, a sister from the hospital phoned me.  She was very distressed.  Henry’s operation was cancelled.   But she couldn't give a reason why.”

“It was truly awful dears, one minute Henry was getting a new liver – and then the next thing, nothing, just creeping towards the bitter end.  I asked around, as to why they cancelled the operation but I met with a wall of silence.  My poor Henry.  He began to deteriorate.  First he developed shingles, then pneumonia.  He ended up in intensive care.  His soft skin turned to that of an elephant’s bottom.
One night, I had a brief respite from sitting near his bed – he didn’t know I was there, but I felt I needed to be there.  I hoped that deep down he would know I was with him.  I was sitting in the canteen when a nurse came up to me.  Jamaican and ever so nice.   She mentioned that she saw me visiting every day.  That I was a really devoted wife.  I said that we’d been married fifty five years and had only spent one week apart – which was when I went in for a hysterectomy.”
Charles Green sighed and tapped his foot.  Mrs Peasbody cast him a thoughtful look and then carried on.  “As I was leaving, she clutched my arm that Jamaican nurse and said she was so sorry for me – that it was criminal what he did.  I didn’t understand, I said “who was criminal?”  She looked sheepish and asked me not to tell anyone because she might lose her job.  “Sir Ranulph,” she said, “because he sold that liver that was meant for your husband to a private patient….a chief executive of an important company.” Apparently they played golf together. Well what do you make of that.  It wasn’t fair was it?  In fact it was downright criminal. What sort of person was he?  A man who loved status more than the Hippocratic Oath.

The church hall was filled with an uneasy silence.
“But that’s outrageous,” ranted Charles Green.
“I know,” said Mrs Peasbody, her little head was cocked to the right and shaking. I couldn’t believe it was true.  When I went back into the ward, my Henry was gone – he couldn’t wait for me, he had just slipped away in the midst of community acquired pneumonia (well that’s what the death certificate said).  I had lost the love of my life.”  She cried quietly.
“Did you contact the surgeon?” said Charles.
“Yes,” she replied, her eyes were not sparkling anymore.  “And he ushered me out of his consulting rooms, he didn’t want to give me any time at all.  “You National Health patients,” he stated, “you think the medical profession owes you life…and what about the man in question.  He could pay for his operation – not like your husband, for God’s sake woman he was the CEO, he was going places, and he needed to be alive.”  And he pushed me out onto the street, like I was a peg seller”.
“And how did you feel?” asked Charles.
She descended the steps far quicker than someone her age should have.  “I felt,” she remarked, her eyes shining once more, “that it should have been him dead.  Not my Henry.”

Ada took briefly to the stage.  “Mrs Peasbody, your story moved us all…so who would like to follow that?”
A hand shot up, Ada watched intently as the young man with the deep brown eyes stood up.  She could see he was trembling.  “Jake Cotton.  Jake Imran Khan Cotton.  I’ll go next.
He shuffled up the steps like an old man.  Still angry looking Ada thought but when he looked at her, his face broke into a radiant smile. Good grief, he has really got film star looks, she decided.
He shook her hand.  She noticed his handshake was delicate but firm at the end.  “It’s good to finally meet you, Mrs Marcolli after all the correspondence we’ve had.”
Ada smiled, revealing the delicate features that made her face canvass so exquisite.  “It’s a pleasure to have you here Jake.”  She thought back towards the sifting stage of the applications to join the Retribution Club which she had received.  Jake’s letter stood out, large precise handwriting, copperplate.  And his heart and soul had bled into the turquoise ink which he had written.  
He moved to the centre of the stage as if treading on egg shells.  “I would like to tell you about my mother.  Miriam.  She was born in a small village, just outside Lahore.  It was a place that no one had ever heard of.  It was so unimportant.  When she was young she was really beautiful and had a talent for singing and dancing.  She wanted to be an actress but because her parents were poor that was impossible.  There was no money for drama school.  When she was fifteen my grandparents sent her to England and when she reached sixteen she would be married to a cousin.”
“She had a Saturday Job in Selfridges and well, basically,” he smiled, and his long curly hair flopped across his eyes, “she met my dad, he was older than her, a white furniture salesman…they fell in love.  Ran away.  It was in the newspapers at the time because it was a mixed marriage and a good love story. When she was seventeen they got married.  Two sisters were born before me, Then me….”

It was difficult for me.  Growing up.  A product of a mixed race and I caused my mum loads of problems. Drugs and alcohol mainly.  But then I put myself straight, I joined the army.  My Dad, who I had never been close to, died while I was in the army and I was pleased.  Because he turned out to be a bully.  My mum only stayed with him to keep the family together.  But she was always there for me...”  He started crying and Ada wanted to comfort him but knew she had to let him tell his story.  
“I was stationed in Iraq when I was told that my Mum who I had loved with a fury was dead – killed by a hit and run driver – snuffed out just like that.  I cried so much that day and I thought that would be it.  But I’ve cried every day since.  I miss my Mum and I want her back.  She was the one shining light in my putrid life.”
I got special leave and tracked the killer down, or so I thought.  Beat the brains out of someone.  But it wasn’t the right person – it was his cousin.  They put me in the glasshouse for nearly two years, with a dishonourable discharge when I was released.  I’ve only just got out – and my mum’s killer was already out – he only got six months and community service.  But he’s inside again now....for at least a year or so I think.  Would you believe he killed someone else in a stolen car, same as what happened to my mum.”
“So what’s next on your agenda?” asked Charles.
Jake looked distant, almost angry.  He looked around the room and studied their faces through his tear stained eyes.  “Me?  I don’t have an agenda.  I don’t need one.  I intend to kill the bastard, with or without your help.  Yeah I don’t have an agenda and I don’t have a mum.”
Silence enveloped the hall as he left the stage.   Ada grabbed his arm.  His smile was diluted, yet she was aware that he knew she cared.
There were many things she could have said but instead she just said “Who wants the chair next?” 

Joseph Corinthian stood up.  His presence filled the room.  And no one had any doubt that it was his right to go next.  He walked up the steps thoughtfully and calm.  Just as if he was about to perform at a vast open air stadium.  
The door rattled outside. “Is that your missing person?” he asked Aida.
“I doubt it,” she remarked. “they’re very late if that’s the case.”
“It’s all right,” stated Mrs Peasbody, “it’s only the wind and that can’t hurt you.”
“Well,” continued Joseph Corinthian, “I suppose most of you know who I am.  I’m not being a big head when I say this.”  He looked sheepish, and a dimple appeared in his cheek.  “I’m just stating a fact.”  He hung his head, shrugged his shoulders and his expensively highlighted hair, fell over his eyes.
“You, sir, are a superstar,” said Charles and everyone laughed.
“Well, that’s broken the ice,” Joseph said, smiling.  Then he looked serious.  “But really...I’m like everyone else...I cut, bleed, I love...I grieve.  Which is why I’m here. For what it’s worth and I don’t know how relevant it is but I’m also HIV positive.”

Joseph liked the fact that no one looked shocked.  Well he reminded himself.  It’s an illness but a modern one.  He surveyed the eyes that were closely waiting for him to speak again.  He liked build up.  Like at his concerts.  It got his adrenaline going.  But this...this was different.
Like the opening to one of his ballads he softly chanted, “Kieran was the love of my life.”
“He was the celebrity chef, wasn’t he?” interrupted Mrs Peasbody, “brutally murdered?”
Joseph Corinthian cried.  “Yes that’s right...When I first met Kieran, six years ago; I was not only attracted to his handsome face, but to his handsome soul as well.  He saw good in everyone.  I try it myself, sometimes, and find it impossible.  But Kieran tried to do good on a day-to-day-basis.  He gave his support to loads of charities from child abuse to animal welfare.  You name it...”  He raised his hands in the air.  “His work was endless.”
“His recipes were delightful dear,” remarked Mrs Peasbody, “my Henry loved the bread and butter pudding I used to make – now that was one of his recipes.”
“Mrs Peasbody,” Ada gently said, “please let Joseph have the chair.  You’ve had your time.”
“I’m sorry,” replied Mrs Peasbody, “I’m not usually with people these days...I’ve got myself over-excited.”
Joseph flicked his hands through his hair and pushed it away from his face, revealing startling dark eyebrows.  “Well that awful night, he finished work late at the TV studios and then decided to go out for a drink along the South Bank with some of the TV crew.  I was playing in Berlin.  He didn't like being in the house when I wasn’t around, he suffered from loneliness.”  His body crumpled like a paper bag with no air inside it.  “But I wished he had gone straight home...he’d still be here with me.”
Anyhow it was a warm night and they all enjoyed a beer or two then most of them left and it was just Kieran and the sound co-ordinator.  They had moved away from the bar they were drinking in and were sitting on a bench – looking out towards Charing Cross.  It was a very clear night and I know that Kieran would have been looking at the stars.  He loved stars...Well then this gang of scumbags came along.  Just kids.  Mouthy boys with some stupid little girls with them.  Yeah a bunch of feral kids.”  He stopped to wipe the tears away from his eyes.  “Well they recognised Kieran from his cookery programmes.  So they started giving him some lip.  To begin with it was just light hearted stuff.  Nothing he couldn't handle.  But then they changed.  They set about Kieran’s drinking buddy.  Beat him to the ground.  He was too weak or frightened or whatever to get up and then it turned really nasty because they turned on Kieran.”  He stopped to sob.  Mrs Peasbody got up and tried to put her arm around him but he gently pushed her away.  “No please, let me carry on...I need to carry on....”
“Soon they had kicked him to the floor.  They were braying all the time like wild animals.  They had stopped speaking, just making awful jungle guttural noises.  Someone started jumping on his head.  Then another...”  He paused, sobbing loudly.  “then it was all over.  Someone who saw everything called the police.  But it was too late – the love of my life was dead.  It was all so pointless. They’re still in prison – the ringleaders but the rest of the scum got off scot-free.  But the ones in prison they’ll be out soon no doubt.  Prison’s like one great big rave these days so I hear.  It does my head in!
“Okay, I’ve got millions stashed away, big houses, flash cars, the works. But none of this matters when the person you adored has been murdered, snuffed out just like that.”  He clicked his fingers.  You know what?  I wish they were all dead and I wish I could kill them all myself.”
The silence deafened their ears.
“That’s why I’ve come along this evening.  Because I want to kill the whole bloody lot.  
Retribution would taste so good man.  So very good.”
“Thank you Joseph, that was another dreadful account of injustice.”  Ada glanced at Hazel Begg.  “That just leaves you and me.” 

“You’re the organiser Ada,” remarked Hazel, “So I’ll go next.  Her high heels made a click click sound as she walk slowly towards the stage.  She cast a secret look at Joseph Corinthian and he returned her gaze with a similar furtive glance.
She stood before them, dressed in a slinky jade silk dress over which was a sharply cut Chanel type black jacket.  Her vibrant red hair cut short in Parisian fashion which highlighted her angular face.  
Joseph looked at her, astonished, because although far from beautiful she had a deadly attraction.
 “Hi,” she announced, in clipped boarding-school tones.  “Hazel Begg.  Pleased to meet you all.”  She shuffled uncomfortably, as if her 10 inch heels were hurting her feet.  “I won’t beat about the bush.  I won’t ramble on and on.  Not my style.  My beloved, older brother who I absolutely adored was murdered on a yacht in San Tropez by his lover.  She was an absolute bitch and she murdered him out of pure jealousy, just because he was popular and everyone liked him, although she would never even admit that she had murdered him.  She got life and was actually arrested in the UK.  The French for whatever reason, I suppose because they like to pass the buck didn't extradite her.  So she’s in prison here.  But it doesn’t end there, for some reason she manages to give interviews, even though she’s behind bars, saying awful things about him.  That he beat her and raped her.  Everything.  All from her cell.  Makes me sick.  My brother is dead.  He can’t defend himself.”
“How does that make you feel Hazel?”  Joseph sounded sincere, or so he thought.
“I want to kill her.”  She looked at him with eyes that were small set but dangerous.
She walked slowly down the steps.  It appeared that she had left her bravado on stage as her shoulders were hunched, and she was crying.  “He was my life you know.  I only existed for him.”
She is vulnerable, thought Joseph and he stood up and tried to hug her.
She looked at him.  “No.”  
He shrugged and sat down again.
Charles studied Hazel Begg carefully.  What a strange thing to say that she said she only existed for her brother.  Could they have had a sexual relationship he wondered?  He shook his head in his mind and let the moment and his thoughts pass.
“Well,” said Ada, “thank you Hazel it took a lot of courage to get up on that stage and do what you did.  Now it only leaves me ...I’ll tell you about the vile creature who raped and murdered my daughter.

Ada walked onto the stage.  Her pale blonde hair reminded Mrs Peasbody of moonlight and that made her feel romantic and want Henry.  But he was oh so dead.
“Of course you know I’m Ada Marcolli and I’m the founder of this brand new society for justice”. She looked at Dragon for assurance.  He was swallowing hard but he managed a brief smile for her.  “The Retribution Cub,” she continued, “is something I’ve been dreaming about for the last three years, but it’s something that would never have happened.  Had I not married an extremely wealthy man.”  She looked ashamed.  “I don’t mean to imply that I married for money,” she faltered, “because that’s not the case. But I won’t bore you with the complexities of my marriage. I’d prefer to tell you why I’m here this evening.  Like you all, I want revenge.  I feel terribly let down by the judicial...”

She looked almost dreamy as she started to tell her story...
Joseph Corinthian stared at her.  She did not seem genuine to him.  A bored, rich housewife, looking for kicks to alleviate the tediousness of her pampered world.  He felt ashamed; he was too quick to form opinions.  Whatever her wealth and motives, she was a grieving mother.  She had lost her beloved daughter.  He sat back in his chair and decided to listen.

“Sophie would, if she had lived, been eight years old now.”  Tears formed in her eyes and Joseph Corinthian was quick to notice.
“I wasn’t born into a privileged background,” she said, “and I was a single mother – my first husband died tragically, he was a farm hand and silage collapsed on him and he suffocated.  It was an awful death and it still affects me even now.”  She sighed and her eyes widened.  “And I was left with my darling daughter, Sophie, and I wanted her to have all the opportunities in life which I never had.  So I worked like a dog and I did every menial job I could find just so she could have the opportunity that I never had.  I wanted her to take ballet classes and to learn how to play the piano.  It wasn’t much to ask in life was it, me wanting her to grow up a lady?  She stopped and blew her nose.  “She was adorable, in her pink tutu.  Fair hair that appeared to trap sunlight and ocean blue eyes.  She was a proper little fairy princess and she was a happy little girl who giggled all the time.  She was doing well at ballet classes and I was told she had potential.  On a friend’s recommendation I decided to send her to piano classes as well, I was sure she was musical what with her sweet sing song laugh.”
Her voice faltered because tears were bubbling up in her throat..  “In fact, I was sending her to her death.”

There was an uneasy silence in the room.
“I can’t,” she cried, “go into detail at the moment.  Suffice to say the piano teacher, a middle-aged man, was a paedophile with loads of previous convictions. He obsessed over my lovely daughter.  Took her from her bed that night.
“I can’t believe I never knew – for God’s sake...”
“There isn’t one,” boomed Charles Green.
She looked at Charles and nodded her head.  Her face was wet and shiny.  “They found her a week later.  She had been murdered and raped.”  Her voice trailed away to a mere whisper.  “Her pink tutu was stuffed in his kitchen cupboard, covered in blood – he had ripped out her womb.”
The others stared into the night, not noticing the wind was getting up outside.
“He was given a life sentence but it doesn’t really mean life. In fact, he could be out within a few years.  That’s what the legal system is like.  And that’s what I can’t stand.  How can he be free?  When my little girl is dead?  It’s not real justice is it?”
Charles Green stood up, followed by Jake Cotton, followed by Hazel Begg, followed by Joseph Corinthian.  Mrs Peasbody was the last on her feet.
“It’s not justice,” they chanted in unison.  The strength of their voices echoed loudly across the room, as if they were all auditioning for a part in Hamlet.  Justice....Justice...Justice...Their chants carried into the night, helped by the wind that was now enveloping the community centre.
“Well,” said Ada meekly when they were silent again, “I’m glad we’re all in agreement, that we must do something. We must be responsible for taking the law into our own hands. But I should warn you all, that once we’ve decided what action to take, then there’s no going back.”
“No going back,” they all screamed.  
They had become one.

The front doors of the church hall banged loudly, and the wind became a frantic gale and they all thought the roof was coming off.  Outside, in the darkness, what had been sleet, turned into the most awful blizzard.
The doors banged furiously again until they fell wide open. And Ada felt an awful bitter chill bite deep into her bones.   Sleet blew in and settled at her feet.
Standing in the doorway was a man dressed completely in black but coated in snow, close to his side was a huge black dog with a scarred face and human-like eyes.  “I’m sorry’” said the man, “we were delayed.” 
Ada looked at him, “Michael.  I’m glad you could make it.”

The man smiled warmly, and as he moved closer, carefully dusted the snow from his clothes and from the dog’s muscular back.  “Have I missed everything?” He asked.
Ada smiled.  “Yes, I’m sorry – all of it - but we can catch up later.”
“Thank you.” As he walked towards the stage he caught sight of Mrs. Peasbody recoiling as Juno passed by.  He stood in front of the stage and rubbed Juno’s alert ears.
“Wherever I go,” he stated, “Juno goes to.  Don’t be worried because she will never hurt any of you.  Go on girl go and say hello.”
The dog laid her ears flat on her head, like a beret and wiped her strong tail and went over to where the others were sitting.  They all stroked her, even Mrs Peasbody who remarked, “Why isn’t her fur soft, like a lamb’s.  I thought it was going to be rough.”
Michael laughed, crinkling his electric blue eyes.  “Looks can be deceptive - always remember that.”
Juno moved over to Jake Cotton.  Their eyes locked.  She knows, he thought, exactly how I’m feeling.  He could feel Michael’s unfaltering gaze on his face.  
“She’s a thinker,” remarked Michael about Juno, “guard your faults or she will steal them.”
Everyone laughed nervously. 
Ada ventured onto the stage – “I’d better let you know why Michael’s here – he’s not a victim like us.”
Michael smiled I’m not but that’s not to say I haven’t suffered trouble and unhappiness.  But please treat me as your consultant, or a counsellor.”  The room started shaking.  “But believe me, I do get results.” He paused and studied their intense faces.  For he knew that he was offering them a hope that they wouldn’t find anywhere else.  “Like you, I think that society stinks and that the legal system doesn’t do enough to protect the ordinary person.” He paused again, eventually speaking slowly.  “Sometimes it’s necessary for an eye for an eye.”
Charles Green boomed, “The Bible…  Everything always comes back to the Bible, doesn’t it?  Tell me, Mr. Michael, do you..” 
Michael smiled, “Michael is sufficient thank you Charles…  Yes I believe in the scriptures.” 
“That’s not what I asked.  Do you believe in the Bible?”
Michael’s eyes shone so much that to Ada, his irises were colourless and then a frown appeared over his forehead just like a black cloud.  After a while he stopped concentrating.  “I believe,” he whispered so that hardly anyone could hear.
“How do we know we can believe in you?” Jake Cotton stood up.
Michael raised an eyebrow.  “Believe in me?  Do you mean trust me?”
“Yeah.” Jake looked flushed.
“You don’t,” said Michael, he was smiling, “but I hope you will...” 
“But…”
Michael held up his hand, “no more buts Jake, life’s too short.  We must all believe and trust each other.  Doesn’t everyone agree with that?”
Everyone nodded and mumbled except for Jake.  He stood up looking unsure.  Juno came over to him and nuzzled his hand, she was whimpering.
Michael smiled, “Juno believes in you.  Give me and my dog a chance?  Won’t you?”
Jake softened his rigid posture, sat down and caressed the big dog’s ears.  “Okay.  I guess so.”
Charles Green stiffened.  “How can we trust you?  You haven’t suffered a loss?  What experience have you got?  Are you ex army or ex policeman?” 
Michael smiled and his unusual eyes filled with laughter.  “No, I’m not a military man or a policeman.  I’ve experienced loss, but not of the kind that everyone else here has experienced.  But, like you all, I feel sadness, and a longing for revenge and justice.  Think of me as a defender for everything you’ve ever believed in.  I’m all your emotions rolled into one…  I can only ask that you trust me...”
Juno sobbed quietly and allowed Jake to scratch her head.  The room was silent except for the odd laboured breath.
Charles Green nodded, “Okay, that’s enough, you’ve got my vote.” He strode across the hall and shook Michael’s hand.  Juno watched him carefully with her thoughtful eyes.
“Well,” said Ada, “it looks as if we have our retribution club.”

The room was bathed in silence –as if everyone was resigned to the seriousness of their situation.
Dragon served coffee and tea.   
Ada sipped green tea before she continued, “what we’ve got to do now, I’m afraid – is work out the financial arrangements.  As I’ve mentioned to you all previously, you’ll need to give me one million pounds to help fund our club.  I just want to double check that you can fulfil the agreement?”
Charles Green wondered how the dowdy looking pensioner and the grungy youth would be able to meet their parts of the agreement.
“Absolutely,” stated Joseph.
“Of course,” agreed Hazel.
Jake Cotton looked disagreeable and sulky.  “Yeah.  I’ve told you.  No problem.”
Mrs. Peasbody head shook ever so quietly and she appeared to have difficulty speaking.  “…  Insurance…  My Henry’s life Insurance…  Our savings…  And I’ve had a part re-mortgage…  I won’t be able to give you any more though, if you should need more.”
Ada smiled and clutched Mrs Peasbody’s hand.  “Thank you Mrs Peasbody that won’t be necessary, one million from you will be adequate.”  She glanced at her watch.  “I think we’ll have to bring our first meeting to a close because the janitor will be around in a moment to lock up.  What I suggest, is that if you haven’t already arranged accommodation, you come and stay with me this evening.  I have a place nearby.”
“Is Juno welcome?” asked Michael.
Ada tugged at the dog’s ears.  “Of course.  Always.”
Everyone else took Ada up on the offer except Mrs Peasbody who said that as she had already settled in at the pub she would prefer to stay the night there.  Ada arranged to drop her at the pub and then Dragon would collect her tomorrow morning.
“Apart from financial discussions, what else do you plan for us to do tomorrow?” Charles Green appeared bemused.
“Logistics, I suppose, we decide who and how we kill first.” Ada’s face was expressionless 

Charles coughed, “Look Ada, murder is not something that we’re all going into lightly...If we get caught that’s it – I suppose it’s life for all of us. But I do think we need to know who’s going to be first to get it?  Doesn’t everyone else agree?”
The wind blew fast and furious outside, bellowing with anger.
Ada looked worried, “I don’t really think now’s the right time...we’re so tired.  Anyhow we do have to give this some consideration because some of the people concerned are imprisoned, others are out, and others have never been imprisoned.”
“They’re not people, my dear, none of them bear the slightest resemblance to human beings!”  Mrs Peasbody’s sing song voice echoed throughout the hall.
“Mrs P is most certainly right there,” remarked Charles.
“Here here,” agreed Hazel.
They all started shouting their views and all the time the wind and rain outside was growing stronger.  Juno paced up and down, her tongue hanging out.
Michael rubbed his eyes, and Ada noticed a beautiful silver bracelet swinging from his wrist.  It was something that looked as if it should have been in a museum.  “Ada’s right guys...let’s wait until we get the business side out of the way.  Also, we have to get to know each other a little more first...”
“Are you playing leader now as well as know-all?” said Charles.
Juno growled softly and Michael moved towards Charles until he was standing directly in front of him.  When he spoke, it was if their breath had become one.  “Perhaps you’re right.  But I’ve been given the job of looking after you by Ada and that’s what me and my dog are going to do.”

The sun emerged and began its assent; a bright golden sphere and the mist of early morning evaporated to embrace a new day, humid and sexy.  But then all the days on Mount Olympia were like that.  
Zeus looked into his own private plunge pool, where the deep blue waters of time ran through, never ceasing.  He rippled the water and looked down on the scene that appeared below in a flurry of waves and sensuality.  A black mood appeared in his face: the  image in the turbulent waters was that of his wife, her flesh, pale and naked.  The bare back of a man, shamed with sinew and muscle as he bore down upon her.  And through the waters of magic, Zeus heard her cry out and she cried for the man who pleasured her, not for him, her husband.  And he brought his fist down in the pool and the impact caused a terrible tsunami in the Indian Ocean and many mortal lives were lost just because of the rampant jealousy of a god.

Dragon dropped Mrs Peasbody off at the pub and then drove in a ghost-like cavalcade through the winding lanes of the Garden of England, meandering past the hop fields and rambling orchards battered by the elements.
Sitting at the front of her luxury limousine Ada watched the concentration on Dragon’s face and noticed that he was biting his lip, oblivious to his passengers apart from their care and safety.  His false eye caught light from somewhere and it winked to no one in particular.  She turned to Jake and Michael who were sitting in the back.  Juno rested peacefully against Michael’s shins.
“Do you know Kent at all?” 
Jake shook his head and Michael smiled, “I’ve been to a couple of places once or twice, in the past.”
“Well, you should be here during the summer, it’s absolutely divine.  The lushness, the smell, the orchards.”
Michael laughed, “Yet you live mainly in Jersey”
“Yes, but that’s because my husband is based there.  But my heart’s in Kent.  I was born in Kent.”
Jake nodded his head, “Is your husband a millionaire?”
Ada grimaced “No...that’s too easy...he’s a billionaire!”
Jake raised an eyebrow, “What does he do – your old man?”
“Oh,” she replied, “he’s a wheeler and dealer.”
“All above board?” remarked Jake.
The car caught gravel under its wheels, as it manoeuvred into a curved drive.
“I don’t ask,” replied Ada.

Behind them, Joseph purred along in the Porsche.  Wow, that was some evening, he thought.  Mind blowing.  For one moment I thought I was back on drugs.  It was surreal.  Registering to become a murderer.  And what about that guy with the dog.  Creepy or what?  No, he decided, as he turned quickly around a bend with his headlights hostile.  There’s no going back.  He looked in his rear mirror.  He could see Hazel Begg weaving around the lane trying to keep up with him in her little hire car.  Hmm now that’s one foxy lady.  He laughed 
But hey man, I’m gay – I just don’t fancy chicks!  But the thought of Hazel bothered him.  And it bothered him that he was lusting after her when he should remember Kieran.
I like Joseph, decided Hazel, as she crunched the fifth gear.  He’s my kind of man.   A bit like Tony.  At the thought of Tony, a smile crossed her thin fuchsia-coloured lips.  “Damn it,” she said aloud, “nearly caught up with him.”  But in the end, when it mattered, the Porsche was too quick and she lost sight of it as it rounded a bend and turned noisily into the drive.
At the end of the convoy Charles Green purred along on his powerful bike.  Good grief, he thought, I feel as if I’m part of a funeral cortege.  He shook his head and thought of Saffron, her soft brown hair, and her lithe body as it pressed against his in the night.  Her healing hands on his forehead when the nightmares became reality.  Saffron reminded him of the beautiful Afghan Hound he had kept as a child.  She had loved him unconditionally, regardless of whose conkers he had stolen.  But, he sadly realised, nothing lasts forever.  His mother sold the Afghan to a vicar, she didn’t like the way that the dog’s silky hairs took over her very proud house.
He brought the bike to a halt as a magnificent mansion loomed in front of him. 

The house was wonderful. It had a Jacobean frame with small windows with leaded lights.  Charles counted 20 windows at the front of the house.  Each window was lit with a single candle bringing an ethereal presence to the glowing silhouette

“I think we need rest now,” suggested Ada, “It’s been a strange evening, and we must all be drained ..well I know I am.”
“Could we have a whisky first?” asked Charles, “I need some liquid stimulation to send me to my dreams.”  He caught the way Hazel looked at him and he didn't like it. “I’m not an alcoholic,” he announced, “not even a recovering one.”
Ada looked upset, “Of course, come this way – I’m sure some of you will want nightcaps. I’m sorry I should have offered.”  She led them into a fine library.  Ceiling to floor with oak bookcases, neatly filled with leather bound books.  In the middle of the room a large ebony table shone with pleasure.  Near a bay window were two large leather sofas and four comfy chairs opposite.  An original tiled fireplace which glowed with a real coal fire was queen of the room.  Ada pushed a switch and a shelf full of books lifted and a comprehensive drinks cabinet emerged.  “Please help yourself.  Dragon will leave a list on the sideboard about the location of your rooms.  But if any of you want to go to bed now, follow me.  Breakfast will be late tomorrow at 10.30am.  I hope that’s all right for everyone.  But if you do want to get up and breakfast earlier, Dragon will lay out stuff from about 8am.  But hot food won’t be served until later.”  She smiled and noticed that everyone looked exhausted, even Charles.
“I’m ready for bed,” said Michael.
“And me,” stated Hazel.
“Count me in.  I’m bushed,” said Joseph.
Charles Green raised an eyebrow.  “Looks like it’s just me and Jake then.  Want a nightcap my boy?”
Upstairs, Ada showed Hazel and Joseph to their rooms which were built around a polished carved balcony that overlooked the hall area.  She led Michael up another flight of stairs and Juno padded behind them.  Ada opened a heavy door that groaned as if it was unfamiliar with this action.  She gestured for Michael to enter.
A four poster bed dominated the room, but a smaller bed was in a corner.  On the four poster was a soft cotton bath robe neatly spread across it.  Near to the small bed was a dog’s water bowl and another which contained dog biscuits.
“I hope you’ll be comfortable,” she said, “Juno is welcome to the bed if she needs warmth and comfort. I’m afraid I don’t have a dog basket.”
Michael smiled, “thank you, she’ll be fine, she can sleep anywhere.”
She appeared hesitant, “If you should need anything in the night, there’s a bell by the door.  Dragon will hear it and he will come to you.”
“Why would I need Dragon?” he replied.
She looked away.  “No reason,” she said.  
Michael slept that night as if he had peas under the bed.  Juno cuddled up to him and he reached out to her through the black pit that was endless dreams but no sleep so that she could soothe him.

“It’s some room isn’t it?”  Charles helped himself to another large malt.  “Not much ice please,” he said to himself, and a cube clinked into the glass.  He turned and looked at Jake.  “Ice destroys malt.  Too much causes it to ferment, and I don’t want that in my gut...Can I get you another?”
Jake nodded.  Charles was aware that he sounded like a cheery bartender.  He poured four shots of Russian vodka into a crystal tumbler and handed it to Jake who threw back his head and swallowed the drink in one go.  He handed his empty glass to Charles who immediately refilled it. This sequence happened a few more times until Jake coughed on the final drink and slumped on the sofa.  Charles eyed him thoughtfully, “I think you’ve had enough son.”
“I’m not your son.”  Jake’s eyes were drunk yet menacing.
“No you’re not...you most certainly are not.”  Charles thought of his lovely boy who perished for nothing.  Yet drunken, good-for-nothing Jake was still around.
Jake moaned.  “I don’t feel too good.”
“Do you always drink that much in an evening?”
“No,” groaned Jake, “I don’t usually drink – I’ve never drank vodka before...It seemed a good idea at the time.”
“Why drink now?”
“Why not,” he slurred. “Actually,” he said, “it’s to kill the demons – don’t you know they’re all around us?”
“What demons?”  Charles licked his lips as he savoured the last drop of whiskey in his glass.  But Jake had fallen into a drunken coma.  Stupid boy, thought Charles as he tried to make Jake comfortable on the sofa his drink habits are worse than mine.

Outside, peeping through a gap in the heavy curtains.  A demon watched the antics of Charles and Jake and licked its lips.
 
Joseph tossed and turned in the creaking bed.  It was comfortable but for some reason, the smell of cedar wood was putting him off finding sleep.  He opened his eyes. He felt a fear which he had not felt since he was a child when he was badly frightened by the dark.  In the corner of the room, he could just make out the outline of a blurred figure.  He grabbed his throat, someone was strangling him.  Then he was overpowered by the smell of lilies and the sensation in his throat ceased.  He relaxed and began to fall asleep.  “Thank you Kieran, you saved me.”  And then nice dreams took over and everything was rosy.
Hazel was reading in bed.  Chick lit always kept her in touch with the real world.  She yawned and enjoyed a sip of strong peppermint tea.  She removed her reading glasses and went to take another sip but she saw the water in the mug boiling like a cauldron and a large brown scorpion slowly emerged from her scalding peppermint tea.  She heard the crackling of its shell.  It raised its tail and then scurried over the rim of the mug and then fell to the floor.  She heard it scratching along the floorboards.  She badly wanted to scream but instead she fell into a deep sleep although her heart was pounding.
Mrs Peasbody was fast asleep.  Surrounded by the love of her husband which was probably why the nasty goblin with the yellow feather duster could only tickle her feet and not her mind.
Ada practised yoga for a while.  She enjoyed doing it but it never released her from stress.  But perhaps when this was all over, she decided, it would make her better.  She pulled back the quilt ready to let her weary mind sleep.  But it was curled up in the middle of her bed, comfortable in her Egyptian cotton sheets.  A large hooded cobra with eyes that she assumed were the colour of hell.  Hissing at her with a vicious forked tongue.  It raised its body and swayed like a belly dancer.  She screamed quietly as it began to hypnotise her, all the while twisting its body closer so that it was almost touching her.
Her quiet scream was enough.  Michael threw open her bedroom door, closely followed by Juno whose fur was standing up on her head and neck.  She was the image of a punk rocker, only she was a deadly one.  Ada closed her eyes knowing that the snake would strike at her any minute.  Juno crept behind her and then like a cheetah pounced on the snake.  It gave a short hiss as the powerful dog clamped on to it and then threw it up into the air.  It spun like a hissing top and landed on the floor, completely dead.  As Ada watched the cobra vanished before her eyes.  She looked at Michael, her eyes huge and full of fear.  “Something bad is happening – isn’t it?”
Michael’s smile was short.  “Yes.  But it’s over now.  Get some sleep.”
“I can’t sleep in that bed.”
“Yes, you can,” said Michael, “trust me, it’s all right now.”  He straightened the sheet where the snake had been and helped Ada into bed.  “You’ll be okay now.”
“I won’t,” she said.
“Yes you will."  He touched her brow and his fingers caressed her eyebrows and it felt comforting.  And she fell asleep and was soon playing hide and seek with Sophie.
Michael watched Ada.  “Come on lady,” he said to Juno, “let’s get back to our room.”
Michael had difficulty opening his bedroom door.  It was frozen.  He managed to get it open and walked into a completely Arctic room.  Stalactites had formed on the ceiling and stalagmites stretched up from the floor.  He looked in amazement as a blizzard started and snow settled quickly on Juno’s coat resembling an icy eiderdown.  A snowman in the corner of the room sprang to life and skimmed towards them his face was unpleasant.  Michael closed his eyes and pressed the palms of his hands closely together.  Sweat poured from his face and when he opened his eyes, the ice and snow had vanished.  Just a puddle remained near the bed where the snowman had been and Juno blinked to remove the last traces of snow from her eyelashes.
Michael looked at Juno. “It’s beginning.  Satan has sent his foot soldiers.”

The six people seated around the Victorian table, were ghostly pale.
“Well, I don’t mind telling you all, I’ve had a shit night.”  Charles Green’s voice caused the window panes to creak.  Dragon came into the room, armed with Charles’s staple coffee shop breakfast. “Ah,” he remarked on spotting the scrambled eggs, “but this will make me better.”
“Were you having nightmares as well?” enquired Hazel.  Charles laughed and the table shook.  “Good grief no.  I had too much malt last night and I started hallucinating in bed and saw dragons and all sorts of things coming through the wall.  But it wasn’t a nightmare.  Just the effect of Ada’s jolly good whiskey.  Ha.  Never again I say.  Well until the next time!”
“I slept like a baby,” stated Jake. “I crashed out on the sofa in the library.  Never even made it to my room.  The effect of too much vodka.”
“You should both be ashamed of yourselves,” said Hazel, “we have important jobs to do.  I for one, don’t want to be hindered by two rampant alcoholics.”
“Oh dear,” what have we got here,” said Charles, “an evangelist?”
Ada cut in.  “Well you’re both lucky.  I had the most awful nightmare last night.”  She shivered and clasped a small diamante cross that swung like a rosary from a fine platinum chain on her neck.
“My dear, whatever was it?”  Mrs Peasbody touched Ada’s hand.  
Ada looked at Mrs Peasbody’s hand it was claw like with blue veins similar to a Danish cheese.   “I don’t know.  I can’t remember.  Except I have this awful feeling that it was something terrible.”
“There, there,” soothed Mrs Peasbody, “it’s over now.”
“I had a weird dream as well,” added Joseph.
“Me too,” Hazel agreed.
“Oh dear,” said Mrs Peasbody.  “I dreamt of my beloved Henry, and that was most definitely a pleasant dream.”
“Perhaps this house is haunted,” suggested Charles as he finished off the last of the scrambled egg.  
“No!”  Michael’s voice was more of a cry and everyone looked at him.

“No, there are no hauntings.”  His smile was as bright as a rainbow.  “It was simply that we were all overtired last night.  And when that happens, the mind starts playing tricks.”  Juno nuzzled his hand.  “Look guys, we’d all had a dramatic night.  It has affected us that’s all, nothing more.”
Everyone nodded.
“But let’s lighten up...Ada’s the perfect host and we’re in a beautiful house in a very special part of England.”
They all pretended to smile and they continued their breakfast along those lines.  They learnt, surprisingly, that Mrs Peasbody once swam the English Channel.  And to this day she had kept up her swimming; latterly teaching adults and Down’s Syndrome children to swim.  That groomed, silken tongued Charles Green was a martial arts expert, possessing a black belt in Karate, a master of Aikido and held a dan grade in Kendo. That Jake Cotton was an explosives specialist, trained from his army years.  That Hazel Begg was a linguist who spoke six languages fluently. That Joseph Corinthian was the king, when it came to piloting aeroplanes – there was nothing that he could not fly.  He even took the controls of Concorde once.  He was also master of the sea, fast speed boats and submarines.  All these things learnt because he was pushing the boundaries.  He did everything to the excess and had the wealth to do so.  They learned, with pleasure, that Ada had been a skilled gymnast as a teenager, although for personal reasons, she had dropped out of an Olympic place.
They sat back in their chairs and looked complacent; everyone enjoyed revealing what they were good at.
“And what about you?”  Charles asked Michael, “what rocks your boat then?”
Michael let out a booming laugh.  And it surprised the others because he seemed too controlled to produce a laugh like that.  “Me?” he asked.  “What rocks my boat?”  He stood up and looked out of the window. “All this, nature: birds, animals...”  Juno wagged her tail.  “The trees...”  He came and stood in front of them “...and life.  I value life, it’s something, you won’t always have.  So you must think very carefully before you proceed to take someone else’s from them.”
Inwardly he cried, the beauty of feeling a mortal death was lost on him.

Silence sliced through the air like a nuclear missile.  Their breath was arctic mist.   
Ada poured more coffee and helped herself to sliced fruit.  “Michael is right; we must give it a lot of thought before we carry on...” She paused and appeared to look into each one’s soul.  Not even Juno was exempt and when she made contact with Ada’s searching eyes, she pinned her ears tightly back on her head and looked away.
“But,” she continued, “I know that like me, you’ve already turned it over again and again in your minds; or else you wouldn’t be here today, sitting at my breakfast table.”
They smiled at her in unison.  
“So?” asked Jake, with probably the worst smile of the lot, “what happens now?”
Ada winced, “Well it’s painful but first of all I need your money.  The amount that’s reasonable to fund our “expedition”, or whatever you want to call it”.
“We should call it justice Ada…  Justice,” stated Charles, looking more like an off-duty property entrepreneur than ever, dressed in cornflower blue pure cotton shirt and too well pressed denim it jeans, with a rakish grey silk cravat around his neck.
“Yes,” Ada appeared deep in thought, “it most certainly is justice isn’t it?”
“Okay,” said Charles, “how much do you want?” He searched in his jacket pocket and removed a spectacles case and a cheque book.  
Joseph Corinthian laughed, “how much is a length of string?”
“Dearie me-it’s how long is a piece of string,” replied Mrs Peasbody with sparrow eyes.
Joseph hugged her, “not this time mum, not this time.”
Michael stood near the door of the dining room.  He stroked the soft flock wallpaper, appearing deep in thought.  
“Don’t you eat Michael?” asked Ada.
“Sometimes,” his voice sounded lazy like a long river.
“I can get Dragon to make you something?  If there’s something particular you fancy.”
“I’m fine, Juno’s eaten.  Without meaning to take over, I think it’s best that we discuss the money situation now.”  He looked directly at Jake Cotton, who looked away from his gaze.
“Do you ever cook?” Jake asked Ada, “or is everything left to poor old Dragon to do?”
“No,” said Ada, “I don’t, I have Dragon and his wife Miriam, who you haven’t met yet to look after my husband and myself.  That’s what they’re employed for among other things.  I don’t cook and I don’t do housework.  Of course, we have other staff as well, in all our properties.  But Miriam and Dragon travel with us the most.”  She stared long and hard at Jake who swallowed hard.  “But enough of my lack of housewifery skills, Michael’s right, let’s get the finance sorted out now.  Money’s always the cause of a lot of grief.  Is everyone okay with that?  Let’s get it out of the way.”  
They nodded again like Stepford wives.
“Yeah, I’m cool,” stated Jake. 
“Right,” said Ada briskly, “how much is everyone going to put in?”
Charles rubbed his eyes.  “Erm...well...I thought to begin with two million – is that enough?”
Ada smiled, “Yes.  Thank you Charles, that’s fine.  That’s more than enough.”
“Is that pounds or dollars or euros?” asked Joseph.
“Always pounds,” said Ada.  She looked directly at Jake and noticed the colour leave his face.  Not yet she thought, leave him.  She twisted her body towards Joseph.  “How much Joseph?”
He eased himself back into his chair and ran his hands through his expensively highlighted hair.  “I can match what Charles has put in.”  
“Thank you,” she said, “fantastic.”  She turned towards Michael who appeared transfixed.  But then she switched her steely gaze to Hazel.  “Hazel, can you match two million pounds?”
“Of course.  What do you want?  Cash?  Cheque?  Credit card?  Banker’s draft?”
“Oh, we’ll discuss that later.”  Ada focussed her eyes on Mrs Peasbody.
Her bright little eyes clouded over.  “I told you previously, I can give you no more than one million.  That’s all I have dear.  Henry’s insurance money, plus some savings and a small inheritance.”
Ada smiled, “That’s okay.  I understand.  It’s what we agreed.  Pay £500,000 first – and the rest later.  Is everyone okay with that?”
There was silence until Charles Green spoke.  “Are we, the people who put more into the kitty subsidising the likes of Mrs Peasbody?”
Mrs Peasbody hung her head, forcing Ada to say,  “Charles it was what we agreed – some people are putting in more than others because, basically they can afford to...If money’s going to be a problem for you, then say so now.”
Charles matched her steely stare, “I’m here because I want to even the score for my boy.”
Ada smiled, “Well that’s good then.  That’s the right reason.”  She continued, “Michael you’re our consultant as such, so I don’t expect you to contribute at all.”
Charles gasped.
Michael smiled and looked directly at Charles, “That’s fine,” he said, “but if you need money then ask and I will give you whatever the shortfall is.”
“Thank you Michael, I appreciate it.”  She looked across the room; Jake Cotton seemed to be shrinking in the midst.  “And finally, to you Jake.  What are you going to put in?”
He looked red and slightly clammy “one mil – is that okay?”
Of course,” said Ada, “do you have access to the money right away?”
“No,” his voice was practically inaudible, “but I can get it.”
“Well, you need to be able to access it quickly,” remarked Ada.  “Because we all need to deposit it in a bank account which has been opened up for us in Chur.”

“Where on earth is Chur?” asked Jake.  Ada noticed that he was sweating profusely.
“Switzerland,” she replied.
“It’s where all the Nazi’s used to stash their cash,” stated Charles
“Actually,” I have a couple of accounts there,” stated Joseph – one is in Kieran’s name – or rather number.  I should have closed it but...”
“Keep it open,” suggested Ada – it will be easier for you to transfer your money from there into our RC account.”   She eased herself up on to the edge of the dining room table.  “We all have to go in person though.”
“But it’s possible for us to do it over the phone or internet,” said Charles.
“Yes, I know,” said Ada, “but it’s more complicated.  We need to be seen as a group of wealthy philanthropists who have founded their own travel club.  So we all need to go together-“
“But won’t we draw attention to ourselves?” asked Hazel.
Michael smiled, “Yes that’s what we want.  We want everyone to think we are aboveboard. We want to be in the public eye to show we have nothing to hide.”
“Exactly,” agreed Ada. 
A dark shadow found its way into the room causing Juno to whine and everyone shivered.
“Except, we’re not dears are we?” whispered Mrs Peasbody.
“Not what?” snapped Charles.
“We’re not aboveboard are we?” she replied, “When we all have murder on our minds.”

After breakfast Ada and Michael took themselves off to the study to discuss arrangements for travel to Chur.
Hazel and Joseph paired up and decided a walk around the grounds would be a good way of de-stressing.  It had snowed again in the night and the air was bitter.  They wrapped up well with bad-weather clothing provided by Ada.  
Everything around them was still.  Snow covered the fir trees which surrounded the house and the branches made a rustling sound as they made contact with their clothes.  Hazel looked up towards the sky and squinted as diluted sunlight squeezed through the branches of densely packed trees.  “Hey look Joseph, sunshine,” she remarked.
“Yep,” he replied, “it’s gonna be a nice day, albeit a bloody freezing one.”
“That’s what I like,” she replied, “wonderful wintry days.”  My God, she thought, he looks even more handsome close up.  Could he be interested in me?  Snow and sunlight, I love it, even as a child I adored the winter landscape.”
Joseph smiled, “Yep, me too...Wow this is some house isn’t it.”  He looked like a little boy experiencing Christmas for the first time.
Hazel nodded, just taking in the view as they walked out of the woods and stood in front of the house.
The house sat in acres of its own grounds and its Jacobean structure and light stone colour blended in perfectly with the snow encrusted landscape.  Joseph noticed that all the flower beds were empty, and unkempt.  It did not look as if glorious flowers had ever occupied  them.  He sighed perhaps, he could visit in the summer and get a riot of colour installed in the barren garden.  He rubbed his hands together.  He noticed Hazel looking at him.  But he could not detect the look, although he had seen it somewhere before.
“Cold?” Hazel enquired.
Joseph nodded, “Yeah. I guess so – I mainly live in LA so I’m not really used to freezing conditions now.”  His breath evaporated in pearls of frost.  “It’s a shame,” he said, “the front of the house looks kinda neglected.  It needs tidying and some beautiful flowers and bushes planted.”
“I suspect the lady doesn’t care for flowers - let’s check out the rear,” said Hazel.  She grabbed Joseph’s hand and for some reason it felt comfortable, especially when he entwined his fingers with hers.
The view from the rear of the house was stunning, obliterating completely the untidiness of the front.  A man-made lake, not quite frozen but getting there, dominated the vista. The sun spread a hue of flecked gold and silver across the ghostly water.  Joseph expected, the Snow Queen to arrive at any moment.  
Instead, he heard a howling noise like an injured animal .  He thought it was coming from the swans huddled near the side of the lake.   They were residing in raffia and bamboo tepees.  Something that Ada had fixed up for them he assumed.  He started to walk to the periphery of the lake, his hand still linked to Hazel’s.  Then he realised that the noise was coming from nearby stables.
“What on earth’s that,” asked Hazel.
“I don’t know,” he said, “but it doesn’t sound good.”
“Well, let’s go and see,” she replied.
They ran over to the stable entrance.  The screaming was louder and more blood curdling.
They pushed open the door.  
“Help me.  For God’s sake help me.”

They looked up to see where all the noise was coming from.  Horror painted itself across Hazel’s face and there was only severe astonishment, running across that of Joseph’s. 
Charles Green was stuck to the ceiling.  His arms and legs stretched out in the form of a garish crucifix.
“In the name of God,” he pleaded, “get me down please...please help me.”

“What shall we do?” asked Hazel, “how do we get him down? It’s as if he’s been glued to the ceiling.”
“I don’t know,” said Joseph, “but we had to do something quick.”  He heard soft padding behind him and turned to see Juno and Michael.
“Oh please, please help me,” moaned Charles.
Joseph noticed that Michael did not appear surprised at Charles’s plight.
“It’s okay,” said Michael, “I’ll get him down – hang on Charles.”
Like a Spider monkey, Michael quickly climbed the eaves of the roof    He then started to pick his way along the horizontal eave near to where Charles was stuck to the ceiling.  He was like the finest of tightrope walkers, never faltering in his steps at all.  “Breathe deeply Charles, stop swallowing air, don’t panic and close your eyes.”
But Charles, did not close his eyes and they had the look of a drowning man.   Sweat poured from his face.
“Tell me you trust me Charles?” 
“I can’t Michael,” shrieked Charles.
“It’s important!”
“Okay – I bloody trust you.”  Importance was creeping back into Charles’s voice.
Michael extended his arm and grabbed Charles by the shoulder and he threw Charles quickly towards the ground where he landed on top of hay bales.

Hazel and Joseph ran over to where he had landed.  “Are you all right?” said Hazel.  
Charles lay motionless.
“Hey Charles, you okay?” said Joseph.
There was a scuffling sound as Michael swung down from the ceiling and dropped near to Charles.
“Come on Charles, speak to us!” Michael’s voice was like a blade.  Juno looked up at him and growled softly.
Charles opened his yes.  “It was horrible, horrible...”
“What was it?” pressed Hazel.
“I don’t know.  It looked like some kind of bull but it had bright red eyes and it stood on its hind legs. It was naked and had a huge penis.”
“Wow,” remarked Joseph.
Michael breathed in quickly, but no one noticed except for Juno.
“I thought I’d do some exploring,” said Charles, slowly regaining his composure.  “I found the stables, I thought that there would be horses in them...but there was nothing...they were a bit tired looking.  I don’t think a horse has been in them for years.  Well, I thought that I heard a noise coming from the end stable so I went to open the door and then it happened...”
“What happened?” asked Hazel.
“That thing,” Charles shuddered, “as I opened the door it charged me as it ran out.  The smell was awful, like excrement and I don’t know what...it’s breathe was evil.  I’ve never smelt anything like it before and then it blew this awful foul stuff out of its mouth as it growled and roared at me and the force of it pushed me up into the air and stuck me to the ceiling. It was terrible.  It was a rancid awful thing.  Half man, half bull...it was like that Greek mythology thing...it was bloody awful.”

“The Minotaur, you mean the Minotaur.”  Michael pronounced the name slowly and loudly and Juno cocked her ears.
“Yes,” gasped Charles, “Yes.”
Joseph shook his head, “Are you sure you didn’t dream it?”
“If only,” said Charles, “if only it had been a dream, then I could wake up.”
Michael helped Charles to his feet and he slowly made his way down the hay bales.
“Look,” said Hazel, “the back of his coat...”
The back of Charles’s sheepskin jacket was singed black.
“I’m all right,” he insisted, “honestly.  All wounds are superficial.”
“But what I don’t understand,” said Hazel, how did you stick to the ceiling?”
“By the sheer force of his breath,” said Charles.  “That thing saw me...bellowed and hissing steam emanated from his nostrils.  The beast roared again and this awful black steam enveloped me.  I felt like I was in a very bad sauna.   The smell was awful, rotting eggs and faeces...then it was like I was in an awful fetid wind tunnel and I was whipped up as if by a tornado.  The force of it, stuck me to the bloody ceiling, I’m just sorry I never had a chance to practice my karate on the brute. That would have finished him off.”
They all stood in silence.  It was only broken when Ada peered around the door.  “Is everything okay?  I heard shouting.”
Michael looked directly at her.  “When was the last time there were animals in these stables?”
She looked thoughtful, “About ten years’ ago...an old donkey...he’s dead now.”
“And there’s been nothing since?”
“No,” said Ada, “definitely not.”
They all stared at the large fresh hoof prints which cut into the ground.

Ada patched up Charles’s wounds but they were superficial compared to the scars in his mind.  He would never forget the image of that roaring creature.  He sipped sweet tea.  His beloved coffee not wanted.  

It might have been  Ada’s imagination but Charles’s hair appeared greyer than before and his face was etched with deep worry lines which she had not noticed previously.
“That thing...,” he muttered, “...it was a demon.  Nothing more, nothing less.”
Mrs Peasbody cocked her head, “Are you sure he wasn’t an escaped bull my dear?  We are in the midst of farmland after all.”
Jake’s eyes never left the floor.  “We did get through quite a few whiskies last night mate.  It could have been the DTs.”
Charles shook his head, “No. I know what I saw.   It was definitely a demon.”
Everyone stared at Michael as if he had all the answers.

Michael watched them secretly.  He scratched Juno’s head but all the time his eyes were darting from face to face.  They were all frightened.  In particular, Charles looked terrified.
“We all have demons within us,” he said, “some more than others.  The imagination is a very powerful tool.”
“Do you mean,” asked Charles, “that I imagined that I was stuck on the roof?”
“To you it was real.”
“Hey Michael, he was most definitely stuck on the roof.  I saw that, Hazel saw that and you most certainly saw it.”  Joseph’s cheeks were burning.
“We all see what we want to see,” said Michael, “but rest assured, you will not see it again.”  Well not that particular demon anyway, thought Michael.
Juno studied him carefully, her tongue a rosebud pink, hanging over the side of her mouth.
“Do you think we were all hysterical then?” asked Hazel.
“I think,” said Ada “that Michael means we are prone to let our imagination play tricks on us.  After all we are about to embark on a terrifying journey.  And I suppose that has given us...”
“The heebie-jeebies,” remarked Jake.
“Yes,” remarked Charles, “but I’m not mad I know what I saw.”  He directed his eyes at Michael.
Michael returned his gaze.  Then his eyes moved to the rear of Charles.  He watched calmly as a demon resembling a huge cat was stroking Charles shoulder.

The rest of the day passed without incident.  Hazel and Joseph went out again to explore the land surrounding Ada’s property.
Charles and Jake, an unlikely pairing to the raw eyes, but their bond was caused by a military background; and a man grieving for a dead son and a man wanting to embrace a father figure, decided to retreat to the games room where they played table tennis and pool.  Charles still appeared uneasy after his terrifying ordeal but the colour was beginning to return to his cheeks. 
For a while, Mrs Peasbody knitted in the lounge, while gazing out at the near frozen lake, noticing how the bright sunlight captured it – turning it into a glassy kingdom.   Then she felt tired, almost as if looking too much had sapped her strength, so she retired for a bath and an afternoon doze.
Ada fiddled with her hair – screwing it up into a pony tail and then pulling it loose.  She watched Michael who was sitting directly opposite, perched in a cosy armchair reading, Juno snoring quietly at his feet.
Ada coughed, just once and Michael looked up from the history compilation.  He raised an eyebrow and returned her gaze with a rawness that unnerved her.
“Michael,” she asked, the black kohl framing her eyes made them look bigger than ever.  “Tell me, what’s this stuff with the demon?  And please don’t insult my intelligence by lying to me.”
Juno woke up.

Michael smoothed his cropped hair with long fingers.  Ada was aware of him slowly massaging his brow and cheekbones, searching for answers he could not see easily.  He knew, she thought, what I am about to say, even before I said it.  He breathed in and glanced at Juno, before he exhaled.
“We are,” he said, “being tracked by demons.”  Juno’s tail thrashed.
“Tracked by demons?” she repeated his words.
“Yes, tracked,” he said quietly.
The tired looking grandmother clock next to the fireplace chimed to let them know it was 5pm.
“How many demons?”
“I don’t know.”
“But more than one?”
“Yes.  However many it takes.”
Ada pushed her hair away from her face which looked acute and angular; the softness appeared brushed away by her own hand.  “Do you really expect me to believe this?  Demons?”
Michael smiled, “No of course not.  But I’d prefer you to believe it because it’s true.”
Her smile was water colour weak.  She looked up at the mantle place for a packet of cigarettes which she hoped would be there.
Michael removed a packet from his pocket and offered her one.
“I’ve been trying to give up,” she said lamely, at the same time helping herself, “I didn’t realise you smoked?”
“I don’t,” he replied.
She sighed, and her eyes looked angry.  She inhaled deeply and then expelled smoke like tiny rings.  “Why are we being tracked by demons?  Is it because of you?”

Michael buried his head in his hands.  “Well....”  He sat up and looked at her and briefly she was aware that he was weighing up her trustworthiness with those strange eyes.  “Yes,” he said, “because of me, but indirectly.”
“Why indirectly?”
“Whenever I delve into evil, as we are about to do, demons appear.  They try to stop me.  But now they are showing themselves to all of you as well.”
Ada extinguished the cigarette and gave him such a fierce look that he dropped his gaze.  A woman had never done that to him before.  “Michael are you endangering our project?”  Because if you are.  I’m sorry, you’ll have to leave.  I don’t want anything to jeopardise our plans.  I’m fuelled on by hate and I need to do what I’m doing and so does everyone else.  And if you compromise that.  Then we are lost.  Do you hear me?”
Michael sighed and he moved forwards to grab Ada’s hand but Juno growled softly so he moved away.
“I don’t want to say too much to you.  Reveal all to you yet...”
Ada sighed, in return “And why not?  I expect honesty in all members of the club and that includes you.  Who are you really?  Friend or foe?  I trusted you.”
Michael did take her hand.  He looked at her with the clear blue eyes that reminded her of the colour of the waters when Barney and her were on a Nordic cruise.  “You can trust me Ada.  I swear to you that I am your friend.  He looked at Juno.  We are your friends and we have been sent here to protect you in your quest for retribution.  But we are not of this world.  When we came to Earth we passed through a portal, very quickly as we flew towards earth.  The portal to hell was accidently opened, long enough for us to be followed by demons in the name of the devil.”
“I see,” Ada looked serious, and she withdrew her hand.  “I want to believe you because I believe in other forms of life.  I desperately want to believe in life after death.   But I need to understand who you are and where you are from.  You must lay all your cards on the table?”
“I can’t tell you any more at the moment Ada.  But please trust me.  Look I’ll tell you this.  You asked for my help.”
“I did?”
He smiled, “Yes you did.  Think about it.  That night in Jersey on Christmas Eve...I’ll say no more now.”
She looked confused.  “Look Michael, I can’t get my head around it now if you are talking in riddles.  I want the Retribution Club to succeed. I don’t want the devil to stop me doing what needs to be done.  But if all this demon and devil stuff is true.  Can we stop them?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
He smiled.  “It’s as old as time.  Good prevails over evil – but evil...
“Wins.”
He shrugged, “Sometimes.  Not always though.”
“Can we defeat them?”
“Possibly.  I have powers.  So we can weaken them.”
“What powers?”  She looked tired.
“Things I can’t tell you.”
“And you expect me to trust you?”
He moved over to her and took her hand once more.  “Yes.”
Before she could reply Charles ran into the room.  “Come quickly, it’s Mrs Peasbody – she’s collapsed.”

They rushed into the conservatory.  Mrs Peasbody was on the floor crumpled in a heap.  Blood poured from the side of her mouth.
“I’ve placed her in the recovery position,” said Charles.
“Is she dead?” asked Hazel.
Jake stood in the corner, he was sweating and his eyes briefly made contact with Michael’s.
“No,” said Michael, leaning over Mrs Peasbody’s lifeless body.  “She’s not dead, she’s just fainted.”
“But the blood coming from her mouth?”  Hazel grimaced.
Michael smiled.  “She bit on her tongue as she fell.”  He stroked the old lady’s forehead and she stirred and moaned softly.  He smiled down at her and she opened her eyes for a second.  Then she closed them again and then opened them wide and she looked wild as her eyes bulged out of their sockets.  
“Look out,” she screamed at Michael, “the devil’s standing behind you.”

Michael turned around and fleetingly saw a red eyed horned creature as it faded into the wall.  He smiled at her.  “There...there.”
He looked up at Ada. Her eyes were diamond bright.  “The mind playing tricks again?”
He smiled at the steel behind her question.  “Yes,” he stated, “the mind does strange things when a person is unwell.”
Mrs Peasbody, sipping brandy and supported by Charles, glared at him.  “I know what I saw young man.  The devil was standing behind you.”
Charles laughed, “The devil’s in all of us.”
“Is he?” screamed Hazel, running into the room.  “Is that why there’s a huge python in the kitchen?”

Everyone, barring Mrs Peasbody rushed to the kitchen, a huge rectangular room dominated by an aga.
“Look,” screamed Hazel, her face puce.  “Look, it’s wriggling under the fridge.”
“How long is it?” asked Charles.
Hazel’s face turned a deep purple shade.  “Are you kidding:  It’s about ten feet I suppose.”  She flapped her arms around  – “You can see it.  You judge.”  She looked at Charles as if he was mad.
“That’s the thing,” said Charles, “I can’t see it.”
“Me neither,” said Jake.
“Ditto,” agreed Joseph.
“I’m so sorry,” said Ada gently, “nor me.  I see nothing but my kitchen.”
Hazel buried her face in her hands. 

It’s okay,” said Michael, there was a look of resolution in his eyes.  He clasped Hazel’s shoulders and smoothed her hair.  Juno growled in condolence.  “It’s okay I can see it.”
The others stared at him.  He smiled, “I can see things that sometimes you can’t”.
Charles coughed.  He looked older than his years.  I think you owe us all an explanation Michael.”
Michael smiled again.  “I do, but first of all we need to get to Chur.  Explanations come later.”
“Why?” said the newly recovered Hazel.  “Is it so we part with our money quickly before we can change our minds?”
Michael looked serious.  “No it is safer there.  If we stay in this house much longer we will be in grave danger.  We can return later - it will be safe - but for now we must leave as soon as possible.  Ada have you finalised all the arrangements?”
“Yes, her voice was sombre, “I’ll brief everyone.  As soon as Mrs Peabody recovers we can leave.”

CHUR
Ada’s hotel room was on the top floor and she braved the chill of the late afternoon and opened the French windows and looked down at the people walking below.  Matchstick people she thought, like T S Lowry had just painted them.  It had been snowing heavily, but then it turned, very quickly, almost too quickly, she thought, to rain.  The pavements were like glass, caught up in the glare of the street lamps as the matchstick population skidded on them.  She did not notice the man in the red fedora who was looking up at her.  It was probably just as well.

Juno padded softly through the adjoining door and nuzzled Ada’s hand.  She looked down, “What’s up girl, do you want to go out for a walk?”
Michael appeared at the door, “We’re going to do just that.”
Ada smiled at him, “do you mind if I tag along as well, or do you want to be on your own?”
Michael paused, and looked at Juno who growled softly.  “We’d love to have you with us.”
“Good, I’ll get ready.”
He looked at her, as if they had just met, “Just a minute - are the sleeping arrangements all right for you?”  I’ll take the sofa and you can have the bedroom.”
She smiled, “That’s fine. We are checked in as husband and wife after all.”
“Yes,” he replied, “we are at that.”
“Charles and the others should have arrived by now.  I’d better check...”
“No,” he said, “leave it.  We’ll make contact later. Don’t worry.  I’ve received a text from Jake.  He and Joseph have arrived at the hotel over the road...don’t worry, everything will be all right.”
They revolved around the hotel door and out into the chilled air. Ada was wrapped up well in an imitation fox fur coat and a burgundy coloured chenille beret which she had pulled low over her forehead.  On her feet were burgundy suede ankle boots.  Michael looked at her and looked surprised.
“It’s okay,” she said, “it’s not real.”
He appeared even more surprised.  “What’s not real?” 
“My coat...it’s fake fur...I’d never wear the real thing.”
He laughed out loud.  “Well, I bet Juno’s pleased to hear that.  I was just looking at you, not the coat, because you look beautiful, that’s all.”  Juno growled softly.  
Ada looked thoughtful and she took his arm and allowed him to lead her along the iced streets. As dusk swooped down, he took her to a coffee shop where they shared chocolate cake and drank hot chocolate flavoured with cinnamon.  She was oblivious to the man in the red fedora who pressed his face against the window to look in at them.  But out of the corner of his eye, Michael saw him and it caused Juno to growl from beneath the table.

That night they ate in the austere hotel dining room.  Giant chandeliers swung from the ceiling and mirrored the snow outside, reproducing the frosty scene on each tiny piece of crystal.  They sparkled with an urgency and Ada looked up and smiled, “Chandeliers – I love them, always have.”
 “Yes, I noticed your house is full of them!” Michael said and looked away quickly; Mrs Peasbody, Hazel and Charles had just entered the dining room.
“More wine?” Ada held up the slightly sparkling wine adored by the Swiss.
“No – thanks but I’ll have more water.”  Michael had a quick look to see where the others were sitting.
Ada felt her stomach turning like a gymnast on a parallel bar, reminding her how hungry she was.  She devoured the starter – some form of pate, but she did not bother to dissect it, like she usually did with her food.  She was now on the main course crushing the lamb as it fell from the bone.  Lamb shank was a favourite of hers.  She felt that she could go on eating and eating until she exploded.  Michael, on the other hand, toyed with his food, as a cat does with a mouse.  The vegetarian goulash on his plate was virtually untouched.
He looked at Ada, as her eyes fixed on his plate.  “No appetite,” he remarked. “I’ll get a doggy bag for Juno.”
There was virtually no fat on his body. Ada thought.  He was all muscle and sinew, just like his dog.  His face was acute and his cheekbones were the most prominent she had ever seen.  He reminded her of a bronze statue she had seen somewhere, but for the life of her she could not remember what it was.  What would it be like, she thought, to make love to a man such as him.  A bronze man.

Charles glanced at Hazel as the waiter ambled over with the menu.  She is an interesting looking woman, he decided, not beautiful like Ada, but interesting nevertheless.  
Over the menu, Hazel’s eyes darted across Charles's face, as if she were surveying the dark side of the moon.  He’s not handsome in the brash American way of Joseph, she thought, he’s actually more interesting looking and I bet they are about the same age.  Not sure that I would want to wake up with him by my side in the morning though.
Mrs Peasbody sat composed.  People watching was her speciality so she didn't really need to say anything at all, just take in the moment.  
“Well, Mrs P,” remarked Charles, “What do you fancy?”
Mrs Peasbody smiled, in a shy little way which she had perfected over the years.  “I’ll have the veal with rice please, no starter thank you.”
“Hazel?” Charles raised an eyebrow.
She looked up from the menu.  “Vegetarian lasagne, and no starter either.”
Charles laughed, “Well you ladies aren’t eating a lot this evening.  I’d better make up for that....”

At the less salubrious hotel over the road, Joseph dined ravenously on oxtail soup, followed by a spaghetti bolognaise washed down with a raw red wine which bit into his gullet.  He looked at Jake who appeared to be knitting his spaghetti.  “Not hungry man?”
Jake grimaced “No.”  His eyes focused on the floor.
“I noticed you were nervous on the way over.  What’s up?”
“It’s nothing really.”  Beads of sweat appeared on Jake’s broad forehead.
“You haven’t got it have you?”
“Got what?”  Jake was perspiring heavily.
“The dough, you don’t have it?”
There was a sharp bleep and Jake looked intently at a text message which appeared on his iPhone screen.  He swallowed hard.   “No.  I don’t have the money.”

The waiter returned.  “Right,” said Charles and he related to the waiter what Mrs Peabody and Hazel wanted, adding mixed salad and lamb shank for himself, plus he ordered an expensive Pinot Blanc – never being a red man.  He looked across the table to where Hazel was powdering her nose.  I would, he decided, like to make love to her – just for the sheer hell of it and to wipe that superior smile off her face.  But I won’t.  Saffron still resides in my heart as much as I hate to admit to myself.
Mrs Peasbody stood up.   “If you’ll excuse me dears, I have to go to the ladies.”  She rushed off, like she was competing in an egg and spoon race.
“Hmm, the veal’s presumably off,” remarked Charles.
Hazel laughed, “She’s such a funny little soul.  I can’t believe that she’s planning to become a murderer.”
Charles looked serious, “The capacity to murder is in every one of us...we wouldn’t be here otherwise.  More wine?”
Hazel nodded.  Once their glasses were full, they just stared into them.  Frightened what would happen if they made eye contact.
There was a rustle of polyester.  Mrs Peasbody sat back down.  “Guess what dears,” she remarked in that precise way of hers.  “I’ve just seen Ada and Michael, they’re at the far end of the dining room, tucked in a corner...and...”
What is it Mrs Peasbody?  What’s wrong?” asked Hazel
She smiled.  “Nothing dear.  Nothing.  They have the look of lovers...that’s all...”

They were sitting in their seedy bedroom.  Joseph hated sharing a room with Jake.  When you are a big star and used to the finer things in life, sharing a cramped room with someone you don’t really know and are not sure that you do want to know them is difficult.  But all the decent hotels were full because of some Swiss Bankers’ Association bash.  Joseph really could not imagine what he was doing here with this strange group of people....but then he remembered Kieran, and suddenly all his jigsaw pieces flew together.
“So,” he looked directly at Jake, “what are you gonna do?  You need to get the money quick.”
Jake looked defiant.  “Ha ha, how about lending it to me?”
Joseph sighed and looked uncomfortable, “Well....how much do you need?”
Jake shook his hands around, “Oh it’s okay, I’m just joking – I don’t want anything from you...I’m getting it soon, it’s cool, it’s just that I don’t have it right now.”
“Well, you need to have it right now.  Ada wants it!”
Jake rummaged in his pocked for a cigarette, quickly lit it and inhaled hard’  “It’s cool she’ll get it, don’t worry.”
“I’m not worried,” replied Joseph, “only if you don’t get it my friend, you’re out.  No retribution for you sonny.”
Jake waved him away like a bad smell.  “Come on big guy, let’s hit the bar.  You can buy me a beer.”  He switched off the light and they left the room.  He was not aware of a tiny demon, with a bright blue scaly face, with purple eyes laughing at him from the side of the TV cabinet.  And then the smoke alarm in the bedroom started screeching.

“Everybody’s here now, where they should be,” said Michael, “Joseph and Jake are in the hotel over the road.  And the others are here in the dining room.”  He put his mobile into his back pocket.
Ada smiled, “that’s good...we need to speak to them later about opening the bank accounts.”
The waiter brought them a dessert menu.  “Nothing for me, just a green tea with jasmine please,” said Michael.
Ada winced, “Grand Marnier and ice for me please – oh and make it a double.”  When the waiter had left, she asked him why he did not drink alcohol.
“I do drink it occasionally,” he said, “but it is rare.  I don’t need it to function.”
“Neither do I,” she replied.  
Michael smiled.  “Don’t drink then.”
“Easier said than done,” 
Michael smiled again, “I know,” he said, “pain like yours is difficult to dilute even with alcohol.”
She took a long sip of her drink, her eyes were angry, “Do we all really need to go to the bank?”  
“Yes because we’re classed as an organisation.  We all have to be there.”
Ada sighed, “Oh I hope it’s not too time consuming.  Presumably we get the account there and then and deposit the money?”
Michael stared into space, “We have to wait 48 hours because we want a numbered account but then we can deposit.”
“I was hoping we can open one and then be off.  We have so much to do.”
“Jersey’s a lot simpler Ada, perhaps we should have opened an account on the island instead?”
“No,” she tossed her head, “I don’t want to open an account in my own back yard thank you very much.  Still as soon as everyone puts in their share – that’s the end of it and we can get back to the UK.” 
“Yes, we can,” Michael agreed, “however, Jake’s a problem.  You know he doesn’t have any money at all.  He’s just pretending.”
Ada sighed and licked her lips, “I know.”
“Well what are you going to do about it?”
“Nothing,” said Ada
“Nothing?”
“Yes, nothing, I like Jake and I feel sorry for him – I think we’ll have enough money without a contribution from him.  Anyway, he has good expertise: he knows how to handle himself, plus he’s an explosives expert....”
“Ada, You can’t let him get away without paying.  This club is all about wealthy people contributing.  Besides he’s not trustworthy, there’s something not right about him –“
Ada laughed, “And you are so above board Michael?  You and your dog?”
Michael shook his head.  “What will happen when the others find out?  They won’t be pleased-”
“They won’t find out because I’m going to put his share of the money into the account.”
Michael looked almost sad, “no good will come of this you know don’t you?”
“No good will come of anything Michael, we’re going to murder quite a few people!”

Ada wanted to meet up with the others, but Michael told her that he didn't think it was a good idea.  He thought they should all get an early night as they would need to be clear-headed the next day.  He was going to text the others to make sure that they didn't go out either.  He escorted Ada into the wonderful art deco lift and Juno and he walked her to her room.  Then Michael and the dog sprinted up the fire escape to the top floor where they were staying.
Ada did not sleep until dawn tried to peer through the thick curtains in her bedroom.  She was fearful and she missed Barney.  She missed the smell of him and the muscles in his back.  He was a big bear of a man and at nights when all the horrors of her life surfaced, he was her comfort blanket.  She loved him but was not in love with him and she did not care how he obtained his money; all she cared about was that he was there for her.  But she did not want him involved with what she was going to do.  It had to be her way.
Michael and Juno had not slept at all.  After he had announced to Ada that he was going to bed, they crept out of the hotel via the fire escape and hunted the gothic alleyways of Chur.  They left no stone unturned, seeking and searching.  They waited in the shadows until they found Jake, deep in conversation on his mobile.  He was sitting at a window table of a tiny bar on the edge of a square.  They waited, Juno growling softly as they watched a man wearing a red fedora, sprinkled with snow enter the bar and sit opposite Jake.  Michael adjusted his eyes until they were strange coloured telescopic lenses and saw wads of money passed over to Jake.  Once the man had gone, Jake got up and left.  The man walked past Michael and Juno, unaware of their presence in the darkest of shadows.  He was laughing hysterically to himself.  Michael noticed that hidden deep under the fedora was a vile purple, pock-marked face and unsettling red rimmed eyes.  He knew then that Ada didn’t have to bother paying Jake’s share.  

After a quick breakfast they all decided to acknowledge each other and congregated at the square near to the entrance of the cathedral.  A snowstorm was blowing across the cobbled streets.  Mrs Peasbody was dressed in a waterproof mac and wide brimmed hat.  Hazel and Joseph resembled the rich après ski set – bling mixed with Gore-Tex.  Charles and Ada looked countrified, with heavy raincoats and tartan scarves.  Jake just looked freezing in soggy jeans and an unsuitable hooded top.  Michael looked the epitome of cool, dressed in black waterproof trousers, black belted leather coat and a black leather cap.  As usual, Juno was at his side, glossy black, she did not appear to be bothered by the snowstorm and any snow quickly melted from her coat.
“This weather’s awful,” remarked Charles, “can we go to the bank now before I freeze to death?”
“It’s not quite eight yet,” said Michael but let’s start walking, it’s not far – just down the end of this street.”
“Will they want the dog inside?” said Charles.
“Yes,” said Michael, “they will want the dog inside.”
“Good girl Juno,” said Mrs Peasbody as she walked alongside Juno.  
Ada was aware that the dog’s eyes never left Charles as he marched along the pavement, slipping once or twice as he went.
Once inside the bank, the manager they were dealing with looked initially surprised to see Juno but once he made eye contact with Michael, the surprise quickly left him.  Everyone was able to contact their banks and arrange transfers into the new numbered account which would be set up for the “Ex-Pat’s Travel Club”.  The ruddy faced Swiss manager never blinked when told the title of the account.  What did surprise everyone else was that Jake dived down the pocket of his sodden fleece and produced a fat brown envelope.  The bank manager took it from him and opened it. He raised his eyebrows, and Ada could see the envelope was stuffed with Swiss Francs.  “I’m just going to have this counted sir,” he said to Jake and I will bring you a receipt.
He duly returned and informed they should come back within 48 hours to get the account number and details.
“He didn’t ask many questions about why we wanted to open up the account did he?” remarked Jake. 
“Because he thinks we’re evading tax in the UK,” said Charles.
“Tax evasion is not an offence in Switzerland,” remarked Michael.
“Well, I don’t know about you,” remarked Mrs Peasbody, “but I could do with a coffee now.”
“Yes, that’s a good idea but I’m not coming with you because I’m going to take Juno for a walk: there’s a park nearby,” said Michael, “I suggest you go and have a drink in that coffee shop over the road, I’ll see you back at the hotel later.”
The snow had stopped and Ada thought how pretty Chur looked like a Christmas postcard.  The cathedral was coated in snow surrounded by fir trees which appeared heavily dipped in royal icing.  Although early morning she could hear bells, like those she imagined were on Santa’s sleigh.  A tinkle tinkle sound that tried to bring her back to childhood.  “If you don’t mind, Michael, I’d like to come with you...unless you’ve had enough of me already?”
He laughed, “As if!” and they walked off in the direction of the park.  Michael kept Juno on a tight lead, close to his thigh.
“Hmm,” remarked Charles, as they walked into the coffee shop, “You might be right Mrs P, what you said the other evening at dinner.  They could be an item in the making.”
“Naa,” said Jake, as Mrs Peasbody was about to gulp a reply, “he’s not her type, she’s made of ice.”
Hazel snorted, “But so is he...a match made in heaven – or wherever he comes from!”

Wherever Ada went in the world, a park was always a park.  Come rain or come shine, there were always children or dogs in some form or other.  The park that she walked towards with Michael and Juno was no exception, surrounded by high iron railings and bald hedges but then Michael pushed a gate and voila there were in.  What made it different was this was a park where children were not wanted, and probably Juno too.  There were no slides or swings, no little bins for “dog fouling”.  Just an expanse of grass, spread with ghostly white snow which was in pristine condition, there were no footprints of any kind.  Michael let Juno free from her lead and she raced and raced around the perimeter and Michael chased after her and the dog starting barking with pleasure.  Ada smiled, it was good to hear the sound of Juno barking, previously she only growled or whimpered but now this sounded healthy.    They both bounded up to Ada, Michael even had colour in his cheeks and Juno was almost steaming.
“Good girl,” remarked Ada, “did you enjoy that?”  The dog wagged its tail and Michael pulled softly at her ears.
“It’s good to let her run around,” he said, “she needs it.”
Ada smiled, “I should have joined her.”
“Yes, you should have.”  He looked at her with his strange blue eyes, which today reminded her of glass mosaics she had seen at the bottom of a pool in Cyprus, they were pale and fragile in colour.
“You know,” she said, looking serious, “we have to decide now, who gets killed first.  We can’t leave it any longer.”
He dug his hands deep in his pockets, and Juno jumped up at him, perhaps hoping for a tit-bit Ada thought.  “Yes, you’re right;” he replied, “we have to decide before we leave Chur because we need a plan of action.  We don’t want to look like amateurs but I’m not really sure whether this lot are really up for it when it comes to the crunch.”
“Oh don’t underestimate anyone,” Ada remarked, “they all want retribution as much as me.  It’s burning in their souls.”
Michael laughed, “Well come on then let’s get going and decide who’s going to be first.”
They walked out of the park and Ada glanced behind her to close the gate.  She saw her footprints, glaring at her like pastry cutter patterns in the snow, precise and neat.  But where Michael and Juno had trod, there was nothing, no foot or paw prints.  It was like they had never really been there.
She walked alongside him.  “Michael why did you come to me?  Why did you read my advert?”
He looked behind him and noticed the lack of footprints that she had seen.  “Because you needed me.”  He clasped the mobile phone on his pocket.  He would text Barney later.

They joined the others at the coffee shop.  Charles tried out a few jokes but the mood was sombre because they knew what they needed to discuss and by ordering extra cups of coffee and chocolate was just delaying the matter.
“Look,” said Ada, “This isn’t doing us any good...we have to get back to the hotel.  We need to decide who’s going to be the first one...”  She looked around, the false joviality had left and they were all ashen faced.  “...that we kill,” she whispered.
Charles looked her straight in the face.  “It should be me,” he stated, “I should be the first one...my chap, he should be the one to go first -“
“Let’s discuss back at the hotel,” she replied, “I’ve arranged a small meeting room for us.  We won’t be overheard there.”
“Yes,” said Michael, “let’s just do that...we are amateurs...but we don’t have to behave as if we are.”
“Oh why don’t you just shut up Michael, you can’t possibly know us and what our backgrounds are...so as far as the amateur bit is concerned...”  Charles’s voice trailed away and he stared at Jake who nodded his head.
But I do, thought Michael, know about you all.
“Look mate,” said Jake, “let’s do as Mike says, let’s go back to the hotel and discuss it...for what it’s worth, we do all know how you feel Charles; we’ve all been there.”  He moved from the table and went over to the other small table where Charles was sitting and helped him to his feet.  “Come on, let’s go.”
“You might understand,” shouted Charles, “but he certainly doesn’t.”  His finger aimed directly at Michael.
“Michael does understand, I can assure you,” said Ada, “he wouldn’t be here otherwise...look let’s leave.  You’re drawing attention to us and that’s the last thing we want.”
Charles scowled at Michael and Juno gave a deep growl from the back of her throat.  Charles allowed Jake to lead him from the coffee shop and out on to the crunchy snow which had buried the pavement.  Michael led the crocodile back to the hotel, Juno by his side.  No one noticed the strange bird which flew directly above them.  It looked prehistoric.

At reception Ada asked for the meeting room they had booked.  The young receptionist smoothed his suit and let them downstairs to a small room.  It was windowless but with fierce under-floor heating.  The walls were painted corporate cream and a laptop was king in the middle of a square table, surrounded by tumblers and bottled water.  At one side of the room was a flip chart and at the other a small table equipped with tea and coffee, flasks and cups and saucers.
“If you want anything Madam,” said the receptionist, his eyes creeping across Ada’s beauty, “just phone me.  I’m Justin.”
She smiled at him, “Thank you Justin.  There is one thing.  Please could you turn down the heating and arrange more ventilation, we need air circulating rather than the furnace coming from the floor.  But we don’t want to get cold.”
“I will see to this immediately Madam.” He closed the door.
“Is this room safe,” asked Charles, “or is it bugged?”
Michael stared into space, “I think...it’s safe enough for us...”
Ada glanced at the walls, imagining windows that looked out to a Tuscan lifestyle.   For one fleeting minute, she wanted to escape.  But she was in too deep.  She was the creator of this...she searched for a word in her mind, and evil sprang to mind.  
And besides there was Sophie.  Her daughter did not deserve to die but her murderer did.  “Let’s get the coffee poured,” she said, “we can’t leave this room until we decide who we are going to take out first.”
“Oh dear,” remarked Mrs Peasbody, it does sound brutal doesn’t it.  Like out of a detective story on the TV.”
“An eye for an eye,” stated Charles, “it’s a necessary evil Mrs Peasbody.”
“Please don’t call it an evil,” stated Mrs Peasbody, “it’s just retribution.”
Everyone was silent.  We aren’t really any better than the murderers, decided Hazel but then the thought washed away.  “How on earth are we going to choose,” she said, “draw straws?”
“It doesn’t matter how,” said Ada, “we’re talking about the lowest of the low here, none of them are valuable human beings and let’s not think of ourselves as evil.”  She shuddered as she said it.
“Strictly speaking,” said Charles, “Mrs Peasbody’s husband wasn’t murdered; he died because the surgeon was too greedy and could earn far more money elsewhere, rather than operating on a National Health patient...Perhaps Mrs Peasbody should go last?”
“That’s not fair” said Hazel, “what happened to her is just as life changing as the rest of us.”
“We don’t have to argue,” said Michael.  “It’s easy, we will pick by age.  The oldest goes first in this instance...”
Joseph looked concerned, “Is that a good idea?  Because it’s obvious that it’s Mrs Peasbody.”
“Ah ha, that woman again,” said Charles.
“It’s a good idea,” decided Ada.  “We murder Shankling and then we will decide who to get rid of next when this is done.  So it will be Mrs Peasbody first, regardless of whether you think her case is deserving.  What we need now are logistics – how, when, where and by whom.”
“All of us should be involved,” said Charles, his voice sheepish.
“Perhaps,” said Michael, “but we do have another problem.”
“Here we go again,” said Charles, “what’s that my man?”
The air conditioning in the room roared causing everyone to shiver. 
“We’re being followed by the devil,” said Michael.

“The devil?  I see,” said Charles, out loud but as if he was talking to himself.  “Is it to do with that beast that stuck me to the barn roof?”
“Yes,” said Michael.
“Why are we being followed by the devil?  Is it because we’re evil?  Or about to commit evil?”  Charles looked at Michael, with the eyes of a barrister not of a property entrepreneur.
Ada trembled.  It was that word again.  Michael sighed and Juno came and squashed herself beside him, her sleek fur cat suit bristling slightly.  He stroked the dog’s ears and then sighed again.  “Look, let’s end this talk that we’re evil because we are not. No...it’s not because of you.  It’s me that’s being followed by the devil.”
“By the devil?”  Mrs Peasbody cocked her head to one side.  “But why?”
Michael loosened his grip on Juno’s ears.  “I can’t tell you...not yet... trust me.”
“Oh,” remarked Charles, “well that’s okay then.  “I’ve nearly been killed by one of the devil’s henchmen, if not by the person himself...and you’ve just told me it’s okay – that I should trust you....well, what a load of old flannel.”  He gazed at the large “no smoking sign” emblazoned in red on the wall, and lit up a Havana cigar.  “I don’t know what’s worse,” he continued, “expecting us to believe what you are telling us, or worse, still, if you have caused it, refusing to tell us why it’s happening.”
Joseph moved from his seat to the head of table, near to where Ada was sitting, “Charlie, give the guy a break, he’s trying to explain himself to us.”  Joseph stared at Ada and she imagined that he was blaming her for all of this.  “Look,” he said, “we don’t know Michael well, just as we don’t know each other well.  There’s a reason what’s happening to us – and I know what it is, we’re going to murder people.  I suppose the devil doesn’t like that...perhaps he’s taking it out on Michael-“
“Oh for goodness sake Joseph stop it, you sound brainwashed by Michael.  Something bad’s going on and Michael’s at the hub.  I’ve been nearly murdered myself by some weird creature.  And Michael now tells me that he’s to blame.” 
Hazel looked indignant, “Charles – you were stuck to the wall-by an awful creature not by Michael“
He looked ashamed.  “I’m sorry, I know I was, and I can’t explain why, it was probably hypnosis,” he looked at Michael, “but it wasn’t the devil was it?”
It was Ada’s turn to sigh.  “Okay, let’s leave it, please, for another time.  I trust Michael, just like I trust you all.  We know that Mrs Peasbody’s man is the first to go.  Let’s arrange it.  No more talk of the devil.  Just let’s do it – let’s get rid of Shankling and let’s do it quickly with no mistakes.”
At reception, the caring young receptionist laughed to himself, he could hear what they were discussing.  Stupid mortal fools he thought.” 

Michael was pensive.  “How do you want to kill him?”
 “As quickly as possible, please,” said Mrs Peasbody.  “To begin with I thought I wanted him to suffer first.  But now I don’t.   I just want him dead.  Snuffed out like my Henry”
“You wanted him tortured?” Jake’s eyes darted back and forth.
“Yes,” she trembled, “for what he did to my darling husband – but now I just want it over as soon as possible.”
Charles, inhaled loudly, “You’re weakening aren’t you Mrs P, you don’t want it to happen...”
She stood up and even though she was tiny and bird-like, she looked fierce and strong.  “Don’t want it to happen – I want to do it personally.  I want to be the one who pulls the trigger or cuts his throat – whatever – I want him to know it’s me!”
“We understand, really we do,” said Ada, “but sit down, please don’t upset yourself – can someone get Mrs Peasbody some tea please – we do understand and you shall have your day Mrs Peasbody believe me.”
They talked throughout the morning.  Charles wanted to make a bogus appointment to go and see the surgeon, and then he could kill him with a single bullet to the brain. But Mrs Peasbody wanted to be the main part of the action.  Jake favoured cutting his throat; he was trained in combat and would do it quickly and correctly, Mrs Peasbody could watch if she wanted to.  Hazel suggested that they could poison him, she wasn’t sure how they could do it, but poisoning was always good, well it was in some of her more explicit chick lit novels she read.
“Good grief,” said Ada, “We really do sound like amateurs, don’t we?  Which is a shame as we have all this expertise in the room.”
Michael helped himself to more coffee.  “I think we should adjourn now, we’ve missed lunch and we need to go and eat, Juno needs exercising.  Anyhow I think I know how we can do it.”
All eyes rested on him and Juno moved closer, growling under her breath.  “Here’s how we do it,” he continued, “Mrs Peasbody was a champion swimmer, do you still swim Mrs P?”
“Most certainly, I go to the local pool every day, and when I’m on holiday I swim in the sea – in fact I was going to ask if there’s a pool nearby that I can go to.”
“There is,” Michael replied, “and I will take you...I think the best plan is to drown him, and Mrs Peasbody can be the one that does it with help from the rest of us.”

Ada stood up and helped herself to some water from the chiller.  “Is that what you want Mrs Peasbody?”
Mrs Peasbody’s hands were under the table, she was pulling at a man’s handkerchief,  monogrammed with HP  “Yes my dear, I’m okay with that.  I’m glad I’m first.  I always wanted to be the first one.  It means so much to me.  Retribution coming at last for my darling husband...”
“It’s all very well,” said Charles, his cheeks had very fine thread veins on them and he was flushed so his face looked extremely red.  “You’ve told us that you were a champion swimmer and all that, but for God’s sake, you must be nearly eighty?  Are you up to it?  Have you got a dicky ticker, high blood pressure, all that sort of thing that could kill you in the water?   And do you have the strength to actually murder a man much stronger than yourself?”  Charles dropped his pen on the table.
“Oh Charles, don’t be so callous,” said Hazel and she smiled at Mrs Peasbody, “I’m sure that Mrs Peasbody is more than capable...”
“Yes, Charles snarled, “more than capable for knitting and embroidery....but this is men’s work...”
“And we will be there to help her,” stated Michael, “I will go and take one or two of you with me....that’s enough, oh and Juno of course, and then if anything goes wrong...”
“Will it then?” asked Charles, “because we’re all eager to drown him...but how do we know he can swim or even goes swimming?”
Michael looked away.  He put the idea of drowning him into their minds, because he could see Sir Ranulph Shankling swimming at his exclusive health club.  Michael could see the past, clearly, every so often.
Mrs Peasbody smiled.  “I know he swims.  The hospital staff could never get hold of him because they said he was always off swimming with his posh chums at the posh club he belonged to.”
Michael frowned, and tapped the desk and stared at Ada and then looked at Charles, who thought that Michael’s eyes looked a different colour from yesterday, contact lenses he thought.  Whatever would have come next did not happen because there was a soft tap on the door and the receptionist entered.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, I’m sorry to bother you, but we have prepared sandwiches for you, plus slices of our best chocolate torte.  Would you like them served in the lounge or here?”
“That’s very kind of you,” remarked Ada, “here will be fine.”
He smiled at her with his narrow snake-like mouth, “Thank you, I‘ll see that the catering staff see to you straight away.”  He collected their used cups and tumblers and went over to the cabinet by the window.  “Oh my,” he remarked, “It’s snowing yet again.”
They all smiled at him, because no one knew what to say.  When he left the room Hazel asked whether they had noticed his left hand.  It was deformed: it reminded her of a cloven hoof.
Michael looked agitated when he heard his.  He honestly hadn’t noticed.  He was losing his power he thought.

They finished the sandwiches and made the last of their plans.  They were all weary.  They had been in the meeting room all day virtually.  Ada looked at her watch – it was 6pm as Michael ushered them out of the room and closed the door.  “What do you want to do now?”  She asked him.  
“I think we all need to freshen up and relax...Let’s have a stroll round the town, and then a later supper?  First though I must take Juno for a walk.  Poor girl cooped up all day.”
“It’s bloody freezing out there,” remarked Charles.  “Besides, I’m not really hungry after all those sandwiches, I’m going to my room and I’m not coming out again....what time do we need to be ready tomorrow?”
“Nine o’clock at reception should do it – Jake and Joseph can call round for us...who is up for coming out this evening?” said Ada. 
“Not me dear,” said Mrs Peasbody, “I’m absolutely exhausted...our discussion today has brought everything back to me – memories I was trying to forget...I’m going to stay in my room too.  I’ll see you all tomorrow.”  She shuffled off and waited for the old bronze lift to arrive.
Joseph, who had been silent for most of the day, said that he and Jake would come out because the hotel they were staying in was a flea-pit and they didn’t want to spend any more time in their room than was necessary.  Hazel was up for a night out and so was Ada: at the moment she hated her own company.
They arranged to meet in the foyer at 8pm and find somewhere to go for a drink – somewhere that catered for Juno as well.  
Michael watched as Joseph and Jake revolved around the door.  He studied them as they disappeared into the mini snow storm and back to their hotel over the road.  As he turned, he saw Hazel and Ada get into the lift.  He stroked Juno’s head and the dog wagged her stumpy tail.  He went over to reception where a bored looking girl was shuffling paperwork.  “Excuse me,” he said and the girl paused a few minutes before looking up, but when she saw Michael she smiled broadly.
“Hmm what can I do for you sir?”
He smiled back, “I want to speak to the young man who works behind reception with you?”
The girl looked puzzled, her pale cheeks flushed.  “I don’t know what you mean sir, there is no young man, there is only myself on reception and three other women, we work in shifts of two...”
“Not a young man with a pinstripe suit and blond hair?  His name’s Justin.”
“No, no one with that name or who fits that description – we have waiting staff but they’re quite old, it’s a very traditional hotel you know – “
Michael thanked the girl and walked towards the lift, Juno padded behind him.  From the room marked “private staff only” the young receptionist watched.  He was laughing and his eyes were completely red.

Ada inspected her reflection in the dressing table mirror.  In a matter of weeks she appeared to have aged.  There were faint lines on her face and when she moved closer to the mirror they reminded her of cracks on a duck egg.  It’s all this she thought, all this retribution, it’s prematurely aging me.  She brushed her blonde curls furiously, hoping that her hair would suddenly become straight but no such luck.  She had always hated her curly hair, when she was a girl her mother had carefully ironed it straight for her.  She laughed remembering herself bent over an ancient ironing board while her mother carefully pressed the iron over her hair, protected only by tissue paper.  
It was days like that when she enjoyed her mother’s company...something that her darling Sophie would never experience.  She cried but she was expecting it because for one awful moment she could not remember the colour of her baby’s hair and whether it was straight or curly.  What was happening to her?  Her mobile phone trilled, through her tears of self-pity.  She glanced at the number and quickly switched the phone to the answer phone.  It was from Barney, he must be in LA now.  She did not want to speak to him.  He was the man she should love but didn't.  After all, how could she love anyone as much as Sophie?  She cried some more and then quickly dressed in jeans and a thick top, to keep the cold and hate from her body.
From the window outside a strange beast, half-man half-bird watched her.  His wings beating softly against the window but she never noticed.  Too many thoughts were clogging her mind.

Joseph Corinthian had just got out of the shower when a tiger attacked him.
It came from behind the wash basin and lunged at him with a mighty roar.  Its green eyes locked into his soul and with one swoop of a fearsome paw, his face ripped to shreds.  He screamed and then it embraced him in a tight bear-hug, its breath putrid.  This is how hell must smell he thought as he fought the beast and managed to beat it off with the lavatory brush.  He closed his eyes ready to die and somehow he rustled up a superhuman strength and managed to open the door to the passage way.  He staggered, covered in blood at the feet of Michael.  I’m definitely going to die he thought and then he fainted.
No you’re not said Michael to himself and quickly picked Joseph up and took him back into his room.  There was nothing in the room.  No blood.  No tiger.  There was no blood on Joseph’s face but that was because the tiger had only attacked his mind nothing else.
Joseph woke up he was lying on the bed.  “Help me,” he said to Michael, “I’ve been attacked, and I’m bleeding to death.”
Michael put his arm round him, “you’re okay Joseph...it was a nasty dream that’s all...”
“No, no it wasn’t.  Something wanted to kill me.”
“I keep telling you, dreams are very powerful sidelines to our personalities...but that’s all it was.  I’ll wait outside for you, get dressed, the others are ready and waiting.”
The tiger sat in the bathroom, slowly beginning to fade.  His work was done.
Jake was motionless, in the next bed to Joseph.  His dreams were sweet ones.  Joseph prodded him.  Get up Jake, we’re going out.
Jake rubbed his eyes, “Oh that was cool I had a really good sleep.  Hey what’s wrong with you,” he said noticing the look of fear on Joseph’s face, “you look as if you’ve seen a ghost.”
Joseph gave a lame smile, “No ghost but I’ve seen a tiger.”
Jake raised an eyebrow.  “It’s okay,” said Joseph, “get ready and I’ll fill you in later.”

Joseph, Jake and Michael strode over to where the others were waiting.  
“What’s wrong with you big guy?” Hazel said to Joseph, “you look as if you’ve seen a ghost?”
Joseph looked at her through watery eyes, “Oh not you as well...” he smiled at Jake, “no I haven’t seen a ghost I’ve just had a fight with a tiger, it nearly killed me but I managed to escape – but this guy told me I was dreaming!”  He pointed accusingly at Michael.
Ada looked at Michael, “Oh another dream?”
He shrugged, “Come on let’s go and look around...let’s try and enjoy ourselves this evening.”  Juno bumped into his knee and looked up at him.  Ada handed him the lead, she had been looking after Juno while Michael went to get Joseph and Jake.  She kept her surprise to herself, if she did not know better it looked as if Juno was looking at Michael in the same way that a woman looks at a lover, not how a dog should look at his owner. 
Michael looked at Ada.  But I am not Juno’s owner, he thought, but there are things you need not know.
Hazel held on to Joseph as they walked along the street.  They made a striking looking couple Ada thought and wanted to know more about them.  It was strange but they seemed to know each other so well, she fleetingly thought that perhaps they already knew each other beforehand.  
The snow had hardened and the pavements took on a different texture, as if coated with an impenetrable nail polish top coat that was slippery and treacherous.  Jake tripped over and landed at the feet of an obese woman dressed in a huge fur coat.  Hazel remarked afterwards that she did not think there was anyone inside that monstrous bear skin.  Jake was hobbling by the time the party made their way inside a quaint looking bar.  Inside the temperature soared as they made their way to a table and removed their overcoats.  Juno huddled between Michael’s legs as soon as they sat down.  “It’s good that dogs are allowed here,” remarked Ada.
Michael smiled, “Are they?”
Ada looked flustered, “But you’ve brought her in with us.”  Juno looked at Ada and wagged her tail.
Michael looked secretive, “Yes I have haven’t I?”
They all laughed but Michael’s was short lived.  He had noticed that virtually everyone in the bar resembled each other, and he wondered how long it would be before his colleagues discovered this.
A waitress with a reptilian face came over to their table.  She was smiling and Joseph wondered if anyone else had noticed her large green teeth but then he looked over to the bar staff and noticed that they had the same type of teeth.  “Hey....” he remarked, after he had placed an order for a Jack Daniels and ice.  “Are all the bar and waiting staff related around here?”
“Why do you ask?” asked Jake, he looked sullen and bored.
“No reason really, “replied Joseph, “except they all look the same, large green teeth and creepy faces.  Their skin is like crocodiles, even the women.  In fact they’re a pretty ugly bunch of dudes.  Perhaps it’s a fancy dress night for lizards.”
Hazel shivered, “there’s a gothic atmosphere in here and it’s getting colder.”
“I’m beginning to feel uncomfortable too,” said Ada.
“Yes,” remarked Hazel, “as if something is going to happen to us.”
“Perhaps we should leave?” Joseph looked around the bar.  His eyes not liking what he saw.
“But we haven’t got out drinks yet,” said Jake, “I could do with a nice strong beer.”
“We can’t leave,” stated Michael, and Juno growled.
“Why ever not?” asked Ada.  
“Because the windows and doors have disappeared, that’s why.”
They watched as the bar changed into a bleak cavern, with just themselves and the strange creatures.   Hazel grabbed Joseph.  “I’m frightened, what do they want?”
“They want our souls,” remarked Michael, “they are disciples of the devil.”
“Well,” said Jake, as the creatures began to surround them, “what do we do now?”
“Nothing,” said Michael, “leave this to me.”
The creatures in the cave had now completely cast off their human-type skins and they were now enormous scaly green lizards, with glassy eyes and flickering mustard-colour tongues.
They moved in closer to the group who huddled together.  Every time the lizards’ tongues shot out, an awful sulphur like smell was omitted, causing Hazel and Joseph to gag, and Jake to actually vomit.  Ada clung onto Michael’s arm.  He gently pushed her away and with Juno beside him, he walked around the group.  He is trying to protect us, thought Ada.   
A high pitched sound came from nowhere, the humans could hear it for only a second but they clasped their ears as if in terrible pain.  The lizards stopped in their tracks and clicked their heads from side to side, they too were experiencing pain.
Ada and the rest of the group watched as Michael and Juno started to glow.  Juno’s eyes changed to the colour of fire.  Michael flicked his fingers and fluorescent blue shot from the tips, like an electric storm.  His eyes were translucent.  The creatures started grunting and then let out blood curdling screams, as before the group eyes, their bodies bloated as if they were going to burst.  Michael was playing a lyre.
A searing heat passed through the cave but then the temperature rapidly cooled and the air frosted over.  The cave turned into a winter grotto scene with stalagmites and stalactites.  The group looked with relief as the liquid inside the bloated creatures turned to ice and then cracked.  In the background of their ears they heard faint, soothing music.
“Close your eyes,” instructed Michael, “now!”
They quickly closed their eyes, and after a few minutes he asked them to open them.  When they did they were amazed to see that they were standing in a close knit circle, inside the park near to the hotel.  They were all completely naked.  

Joseph smiled as he scrubbed himself in the shower.  It was strange but his hotel concierge did not blink an eyelid as he ran naked back to his hotel.  Wow, what great tits Hazel has.  I wonder if they’re real, he thought.
Hazel ran a foam bath, as the soap swirled around her she found herself giving extra attention to her secret parts.  She moaned in pleasure as she remembered Joseph jogging back in to the hotel.  My, she thought, just before her orgasm came, he was certainly a well-endowed man.
Jake cotton cringed on the bed; he was wrapped up in loads of blankets but still felt freezing cold.  Had he imagined it, but was Juno completely fur-free as she raced back to the hotel?
Ada reclined in a hot soapy bath, smoking one cigarette after another.  Things were happening she realised which were completely beyond her control.  Previously, she only believed in one evil force: the man who had murdered her child, but now she realised there was a lot more evil coming her way.  What she couldn't understand though was whether the evil had happened because of what they were planning to do, or because of Michel.  He did not strike her as being evil, but then neither did Edward Sedgwick.   Her cigarette died and she flung it into the soap dish along with her negative thoughts.
Michel sat in his darkened room, Juno was trembling and he held her tightly.  “Don’t worry,” he said, “nothing will happen to you.  Remember I’ll always love you and protect you.” She whimpered and he held her tight.  Remembering her as she used to be.

The next morning the snow hit Chur once more.  Michael and Ada breakfasted in silence.  Both lost in the world they experienced the night before.  Michael knew he owed it to them all to tell them everything but he was not able to at the moment.  He spotted the others, sitting at a table at the other side of the restaurant but he did not make eye contact.  He refilled his cup with steaming strong coffee.  He wondered whether Hazel had told Charles and Mrs P about what happened last night.  Ada looked at him; he knew she was thinking the same.
Over the street, Jake was stuffing his clothes into his holdall.  Joseph Corinthian looked on in amusement, “Hey guy what d’ya think you’re doing?”
Jake looked fearful, “I’m out of here Joseph...Yeah I want retribution but not when I’m nearly killed myself by monsters from out of space!”
“Look,” said Joseph, “Calm down, I’m sure Michael will explain later.  Perhaps we were all drugged.”
Jake laughed, “Or dreaming, like your bloody tiger?  All the same dream?  Get real.  It’s not safe here.”
Joseph looked serious.  “What we’re going to do isn’t safe.”
Loud hip-hop music played on Jake’s phone.  He stopped what he was doing and took the call.  “If you leave Jake we will kill you.  So don’t go anywhere”.  

They were near a large oak tree on the corner of the street.  It had stopped snowing and everyone’s face looked white and serious.  Jake made a gasping sound; he had developed a bad cough.  “I heard about last night,” said Charles, looking directly at Jake.  “Is that where the cough came from?”
Jake looked at him and then turned away.  “Come on he said, let’s get on with it.”
What’s wrong with him?  Thought Ada, has something else awful happened to him?
“Yes,” said Michael, “let’s go.”  He held Juno on a very tight leash. 
When they arrived at the bank, Michael said that apart from Ada and himself the rest of the group should wait at reception while they actually set up the account.  They had everyone’s details.  Once the account was set up with a deposit from Ada, then everyone else could do the same.
“Well,” remarked Charles, once they were all inside, “I just hope everyone has money to deposit.”  He raised an eyebrow and Jake looked away.  
Mrs Peasbody took the leash from Michael and Juno lay down at her feet.  Michael and Ada pressed for the elevator and got out at the relevant floor.  A manager stood at the door.  “Mrs Marcolli and Mr....”
“Michael,” said Michael.	
“....Michael,” said the round faced man.  Do come in to my office.  I won’t keep you long.”
He was right.  It, did not take long to set up the account as they had all the necessary details and paperwork for the others concerned.  Ada made a transfer of £30 million and the round faced man thanked her.  He’s used to it Michael thought.  He sees big money deposits all the time and he’s not really interested.  They all shook hands and then Michael and Ada went downstairs and the others were led into private rooms so that they could do internet and telephone transfers.  All except Jake.

Ada looked at him, “What’s wrong Jake?  
“Nothing,” he said, “I don’t have any money to deposit.” 
“Why not?” said Ada.  
“It’s okay, it’s cool,” he replied, “You saw me the other day - I gave it all to the bank manger.  Cash.  He gave me a receipt.”
Ada raised an eyebrow.  “How much?” 
“What we agreed, £1 million in Swiss Francs.  He patted his jacket. “The receipt’s here.”
Charles Green stared at him for a while and then started searching in the smart black leather briefcase he was carrying.  As he rummaged through his papers he could not help but think that Jake was hiding something.  All that money he thought, where’s he got that from?  Cash as well.  Only the other day he had absolutely nothing.
Ada smiled, “Good,” she said, “You’d better go with the others to ensure that the deposit goes through – and don’t forget your receipt”.  She patted him on the shoulder.
He nodded and followed Charles Green out of the door.  Michael stayed behind with her.  “What’s up?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” she said, “It’s Jake...the other day he didn’t have any money and now he has loads...all in Euros I think – I saw him with a large envelope full the other day.  The bank manager banked it all apparently.  Where do you think he got it all from?”
“He robbed a bank.”  Michael looked serious.
“Really?”
“No, I’m joking...I don’t know where he got it from, but I agree with you, it’s strange.  I’ll fish around later and see what I can find”  
“Be careful,” she looked at him honestly.  “I like Jake but there’s something different about him.  Something that makes me want to say to you to be careful.”
Michael grabbed her arm, “Don’t worry,” he said, “I will.”  And he went and rubbed Juno’s ears.

Joseph sat opposite a computer terminal in the luxurious, but understated office at the bank.  An attractive young woman showed him what to do in order to transfer his money from his bank account into the Swiss one.  Usually, he had his people to do that sort of thing for him.  But now he was on his own with just a bunch of near strangers for company.  He tossed his head quickly, what was he doing, was he losing his marbles?
Did his passion for revenge really mean that he wanted to kill to get even?  He gasped which made the young woman hovering patiently in the background come closer.  But he realised it was just that – he wanted revenge more than life itself and he would gladly suffer the consequences.  He pressed the send button and watched his millions ping across to the Retribution Club’s Swiss bank account.
Charles Green was in the next room.  He was allowed to light up a cigar which pleased him when he looked at the no smoking sign, emblazoned across the door.  He felt helpless though because he was not the most computer literate person in the world.  He had his secretary for that.  Yet still he managed to punch his details in without too much mishap.  Very soon he was watching his money move from his account to the Swiss one.  But he thought, with his chin stuck out, every pound is worth it.  If I get the results I want.
Hazel was secretive; she did not want the patient banker who watched her thoughtfully to see her passport photograph.  She let him think that she was ashamed of the photograph.  He studied it for a while as Hazel bit her bottom lip.  Then he smiled and handed it back to her.  “Thank you Madame Begg.”
She allowed herself to relax.  It was done. The transaction was done.
“While you are waiting for your colleagues,” the banker said, “May I offer you a glass of champagne.”
She smiled and nodded.  A man after her own heart.
Ada was called in to help Mrs Peasbody, she was sitting in an adjacent room to Hazel.  “I’m so sorry to bother you,” she said when she saw Ada, “but I’m afraid that I’m not at all computer-literate.”
“That’s okay,” Ada smiled, “I’m not so good myself but we’ll get by.”
Downstairs Michael and Juno waited patiently.  The dog was asleep with her head on her paws when the banker who had poured champagne emerged from the elevator.  He hurried towards the entrance.  Juno sat up and growled.  He looked at her and tried to smile at Michael and then he rushed past them.  And a bitterly cold gush of air enveloped them both.  Michael looked at the back view of him as he disappeared out of the door.
He noticed that the man had goblins’ ears and then he caressed Juno’s neck.  “It’s okay girl, he’s gone now.  The sooner we leave Chur, the better.   It’s not safe.

Jake Cotton was sweating.  Large globules were snaking down his forehead and he could see the elderly banker recoiling in disgust.  “Listen man, I just don’t see why I have to answer all those questions...it’s really pissing me off.”
“I’m sorry sir,” said the banker, it’s just a formality.  More so as you are paying by Euros and not by electronic transfer.”
Jake sighed heavily and wiped his brow.  The banker turned his nose up and offered him a box of tissues. In return Jake thrust his completed forms at the man.  “Thank you sir, nearly done now – and if I may just have your passport for a moment please?”
Jake looked sullen and fished in his pocket for his passport. He searched in his other pockets and in the small shoulder bag he had hoisted on his shoulder.   “I don’t understand,” he said, “it’s not here – I can’t find it.”

Michael was called upstairs to be with Jake.  He walked into the room.  “What’s the problem Jake?”
Jake looked sullen, like a petulant child.  “I’ve lost my passport...I don’t know where I put it.  It must have fallen out of my bag.”
“I’m sorry sir,” said the banker, “without the passport we cannot complete the transaction.”
Jake looked sheepish, “Don’t you want my money then?”
The banker looked awkward, “Of course we want to offer you our usual high standard of service sir, but we cannot complete the transaction until we see your passport.  Banks have rules you know.”
“How long will it take me to get a new one?” asked Jake.
“I’m not sure,” said the banker, “you can’t get one here, you will have to go to Paris, it probably takes a couple of days.”
“Paris man, but I’m in Switzerland, not France.” said Jake
The banker nodded sympathetically, “Yes, but the rules have changed, originally you could go to Geneva but now you must go to Paris.  Although, I believe if you ring the British Consulate they will be able to advise what to do.”  
“Could you do that for us please?”  Michael looked serious.
The banker sighed and then smiled which Michael knew did not match his disposition.  “Of course I’ll make the call straight away.”  He left the room and Jake swallowed loudly and Michael looked at him but did not say anything.  You’re a liar he thought to himself.
A feeble cough preceded the banker as he came back into the room.  “It’s all right,” he said directing his eyes at Jake.  You will be able to get emergency documentation for us to see but you have to get to Geneva though, it can’ be done from here.”
“Geneva,” said Jake, “But that’ll take a long time.”
“Yes,” said Michael, “It will”.  He watched Jake carefully, as he fumbled in his pockets and sweat fell like imitation pearls down his forehead.  
“Well,” said Jake, “I guess, I’d better make plans to get to Geneva, but first I’m off for a drink with Charles.”.

That evening Michael lay on his bed, Juno was on the floor her eyes closed, snoring gently.  Although her left ear stood on end, which meant that even in the depth of the mysteries of sleep, the dog had not given up the protection of her master.
Michael inhaled a cigarette.  He digested his thoughts as circles of smoke curled from his nostrils.  Jake is a liar.  He hasn’t lost his passport.  He wants to delay for some reason.  But I don’t know why yet but I’ll find out.  Anyway at this time, whatever the reason was, it was not important but they could not waste time while Jake was sitting around pretending.  He would wait, deeply in his mind until Jake returned from his drinking session with Charles. 

Narrow cobbled streets, clouded his mind, too narrow for chariots except where the road widened to meet the harbour.  Whitewashed villas with bougainvillea dripping off the window frames and doors.  Looking out towards a true blue sea.   This was Mount Olympia, everlasting home of the Gods.  A place where the sun shined every day and rain was in the imagination, except when Zeus was angry.
The heavens had opened for several days, the bougainvillea was soaking and the pristine white villas were caked in mud.  Zeus, King of the Gods was so angry that Olympia was rumbling.  Zeus sat on a large marble throne and looked out of a picture window the size of a palace.  I am powerful he thought, far more powerful than the mortals, supremely more powerful than the other gods.  But look at what has happened to me.  He struck a gong and a servant quickly appeared.  “Bring them both to me.  Now.”  
The servant was not sure whether he had spoken or whether a volcano had erupted.
Hermes walked in first, the wings on his feet had been hacked off, blood poured down his ankles.  Hera followed him.  Not a mark on her, except her beautiful aqua marine eyes were sodden with tears.
Zeus watched them.  For a brief moment sympathy ran barefoot across his face, but then jealousy overtook and rushed past the finishing line.  “You have both disappointed me.”  He said.  “And as for you”, he pointed at Hera, once you were my beloved wife, but now...” Hera screamed and Zeus pointed as her body was surrounded by a thousand fires.  Hermes tried to fight through the fire to get to her.  “And you my son are stupid,” said Zeus, “you cannot save her.”  The fire ebbed away until only a small flickering flame remained.  “But out of the ashes, the phoenix rises,” said Zeus.  
A large black dog padded up to Zeus, and cried.
“Hermes, you can take this creature and go to where the decadent and those without moral and hope live.”
“We know we have wronged you,” said Hermes, his cold blue eyes unblinking, “but can you forgive her.  It was not her fault.”
“Lust is both your faults,” said Zeus, “Go to that awful wilderness and try and put things right, or do what you like...but get out of my sight I am tired of the pair of you.  On Earth you will find a woman, Ada Marcolli. Go to her.  Help her. ”
“Can we return one day?” asked Hermes, but by then he was already on top of a large wave in the ocean.  
Zeus put his hand in the ornamental bath and made the waves ripple, “I hope,” he said that the sea makes you sick.  Sick as I feel.”  He watched carefully as they bobbed around on the water, Hermes, his face like a mask, trying to keep the large dog afloat.  
Zeus rippled the water some more.   Shall I drown them now? He asked himself.  But something inside of him told him now was not the time.
He watched as Hermes and the dog disappeared from view and the ocean dried up resembling black salt.  
He thought of the treacherous Hera.  I did love you he said to himself but it is a fading love. Fading by the minute.   

Michael returned to the present because the telephone was ringing.  Juno, who had been asleep, was at his side in a flash.  He picked up the receiver.  It was reception; there was a man downstairs called Father Koch who urgently needed to speak to Michael.  Michael told the receptionist that it wasn’t convenient. It was late; the clouds had long since turned into the depth of night.  Father Koch would not take no for an answer, said the receptionist, the matter was urgent.   

Michael was agitated, and tried not to show it.  But when he entered the reading room in the hotel he ripped off the petals of some winter roses and then felt upset that he had taken out his anger on beauty.  He went over to the log fire at the corner of the room, and seated in a comfy armchair was Father Koch. 
He stood up to shake Michael’s hand.  He was a tall straight-backed man, taller than Michael and he had long white curly hair tied loosely into a pony tail, fastened with a wide velvet ribbon.  His eyes were a penetrative dark brown and Michael for all his seriousness noticed that there was merriment hidden deep within the irises.  For some reason this man made Michael smile.  Father Koch wore a small dog collar underneath a denim shirt and reindeer-pattern fleece jacket.
“Father,” said Michael, his hand enveloped in the strong grip of Father Koch, “I’m pleased to meet you.”
“Thank you for seeing me, I know it’s at such short notice and it is so late.  Please sit down...Can I get you a drink?” The Father sank down into the armchair and put a large brandy glass to his lips.
“Thank you,” said Michael, “I’ll have the same.”
Father Koch beckoned the waiter over, and pointed to his glass, “the same for my friend please.”
Michael smiled.  He knew that Father Koch would be a friend.
The Father removed a slim silver cigarette holder from his inner pocket. “Do you mind if I smoke?”
“Of course not, carry on...”
He removed an expensive looking cigarette from the holder and lit it with an equally expensive looking lighter.  Inhaling deeply, he blew delicate, blue tinged smoke rings up into the air.  “I’m sorry manners and all that.  Would you like a cigarette?”
Michael shook his head.  “Thank you but no.  I do smoke but only very occasionally...”
Father Koch laughed, “I wish I only smoked occasionally too.”
Michael looked up wistfully.
“You wish you could disappear like a puff of smoke?”
“Something like that,” said Michael, “but tell me, what’s the life and death matter you urgently need to discuss with me?”  Michael lay back in the armchair and stretched his long legs out and Father Koch mirrored him for a moment then moved upright in the chair and moved closer to Michael.  “My bishop recommended you to me.”  
Michael looked puzzled.  “Your bishop?”
The Father smiled, “Yes,” his voice became a mere whisper, “he died fifty years ago.”
If Michael was surprised he did not show it.  “But you’re no more than about 45.  Your bishop would have died before you were born.”
“Actually, I’m 42 and you are correct.  My bishop did indeed die before I was born.”  He stared at Michael for some time before continuing, “But he came to me in a dream.  He knew you and said you would help.”
Michael bit his finger nails quickly, the only sign that he was stressed, “Yes I knew your bishop.  We were joined in the fight against evil.  But it was all a very long time ago.”

“I first met Karin Reisner when she was three years old.  A beautiful child, not really of this world you know...she was like an...”
“Angel,” Michael said.
“Yes,” said Father Koch, “exactly, a little angel...But her parents, well there’s no other way to describe them.  They were...”
“Vermin,” stated Michael.
“Exactly.  Because of them little Karin led a dreadful life, they tortured and abused her until at the age of six her poor broken little body gave way and she died.  But she’s at peace now and I know that she is in heaven because she visits me in my dreams.”
“Yes,” remarked Michael, I’m sure she walks with angels.  What happened to the parents then, if you can call monsters like them that?”
Father Koch sighed, “They were convicted of child cruelty and manslaughter and the father was sentenced to seven years in prison, and the poor excuse of a mother was sentenced to a few years less. But they are both out now and they had another child which was immediately taken into care and they also had a dog taken away from them, which they had tortured, cut of its ears and tail and tried to amputate a leg in cold blood.”
Michael looked passive, “What is it that you want from me?”
Outside it had started snowing; Michael gazed out of the window, in the darkness.  He could just make out snow falling on the pavements and settling on the window panes.  Snow scenes were usually beautiful in Switzerland, like a Christmas card.  But this one reeked of cruelty and pain.  He turned his attention towards Father Koch, he was not sure that the Father had heard his question.  
Father Koch took a long sip of brandy and buried his head in his hands for a short while.  Then he sat up and looked directly at Michael.  He tugged at the crucifix around his neck which Michael had only just noticed.  “Oh it’s simple,” he said, “it’s all about wickedness really, I want retribution.”

Michael stirred in his chair.  The firelight hit his face painting his pale features with a rosy hue.  His icy eyes appeared on fire.  “I see.  What type of retribution did you have in mind?”
Father Koch looked at him with his Raphael-painted eyes, and continued to sip his brandy.  The fire made his cheeks burn but his expression was still mournful.  “Well, I suppose retribution can come in many forms...but in their cases...I think death is reasonable retribution.”
Michael sighed, “I care about justice.  I always have.  But I’m not a hit man.”
“I know, but the bishop told me that you would help.  Because you have a code of honour which others do not possess.”
Michael could see the whole universe before him.  “The bishop was a good man, but...do you think that your God has deserted you?”
The Father looked into the fire, hoping to find the answer within the flames.  “Yes,” he replied, “I feel he has, in this instance.  If you knew that little girl and how she suffered, you would want them dead as well.”
“Why now? asked Michael, “after all this time?”
The father sighed, “Because I knew how much that little girl needed me and I did nothing...I want to make amends.  Praying will never alleviate my guilt.”
“Where are they?” Michael asked.
They live on the outskirts of Vienna, in a shabby wooden house near to a forest.  They don’t work, just live off benefits and smoke, drink and do drugs all day and torture anything helpless that gets in their way.”
“I will do it,” said Michael.  “But one day I may need a favour from you?”
“Anything,” said the Father, “I just want to be able to sleep at night once more.”
“Are you sure that you won’t have any second thoughts?”
“No.  I want retribution for her sake.  And because I was not man enough to stop the things they did.  Because I believed in God.”
Michael stood up and so did Father Koch, they embraced and then shook hands.
“When will you do it? Asked Father Koch.
“Don’t worry it will be done.”
“Thank you.”
Michael walked away and then turned around and looked at Father Koch.  “How did you find me?”
“By your aura of course.”
Michael smiled, “Of course.  One other thing, what’s your first name?”
“Gabriel,” said Father Koch.
Michael smiled and nodded.  He turned around to speak, but Gabriel had gone back to his God or wherever. 

It was that time of day when it was not quite morning.  The forest was topped with crumbly snow which also partly covered a small rundown wooden house.  Michael could see a faint light within the house.  He walked into the house, closely followed by Juno.  In times like this their ability to walk through walls was a necessary attribute.  Although, as Michael was aware, sometimes his gift would not work, especially if he was stressed.  But this time it worked a treat. 
They faced a seedy looking couple who were in the throes of guttural lovemaking.  How can it be called that Michael thought, when it is so primitive and animalistic with people like that.  A chill wind blew around the couple and their grotesque bodies.  A blue light glowed in the room.
The man ceased his actions, rather hastily and the woman slumped on her side.  “What is it asshole, why’ve you finished, I’m not satisfied yet.  Do it more and do it quicker.”
“There’s someone in the room,” said the man.
Michael could see clearly, unlike the man, and he saw a sunken cheeked creature with a set of brown and broken teeth.
“Hi,” said Michael and Juno growled.
“It’s a man with a monster dog,” said the scrawny man.  “How did you get in?  Get out.”
“No,” said Michael, “I’m here now, that’s all that matters.  Tell me, do you miserable pair ever think about your daughter?”
“Our daughter?”  The fat woman sat bolt upright in bed.
“Yes,” remarked Michael, “the little innocent daughter you tortured and murdered.”
“Look,” the woman stood up, like unwanted flotsam on a beach, “we served time for her, and we are so over her now...our lives have moved on.”
“Are you a bloody reporter or an interfering social worker?” asked the man and Michael could see terror mixed with anger in his ferret coloured eyes.
“No, I’m not,” said Michael.
“Who are you?”
“Do you regret murdering your daughter?”
The woman flinched, “It wasn’t murder.  It was manslaughter, the court said.  Perhaps there were times when we could have been better parents, but she was a bastard child after all.  We couldn’t get her to do anything...”
“Yeah,” said the wild eyed man, “we had to teach her respect. Respect for her mum and dad.”
“So you declined her food and then broke virtually every bone in her body?”  Michael’s eyes were no longer blue, they resembled ice. 
“Perhaps we were a bit too rough with her sometimes,” wined the woman, “but we didn’t mean any harm.”
“YOU MURDERED HER.”  Michael roared and Juno growled.
The couple looked frightened.  Michael could see their hearts lumbering under their putrid flesh.
“Do you believe in God?” asked Michael, his anger subsided like a storm in an ocean.
The man laughed, “Of course not, why do you ask?”

Michael and Juno walked this time to the front door and as he opened it, Michael looked back at them.  “Because I would feel bad about killing you, if you believed in God.”
Outside dawn was caressing the icy fingers of the night and the sky was turning navy flecked with the grey of an impending snowstorm.
Michael pulled up the collar of his thick overcoat and wound a cherry red knitted scarf around his neck.  He heard a faint rumbling in the sky and looked up.  “Please,” he cried, “give me some help please; I can’t do this on my own.”  
The rumbling sounded like the end of the world.  Michael and Juno gazed at the sky again.  It was on fire and the wooden shack gyrated like a bad dancer.  Inside, Michael heard faint screaming.  But they would never get out.  The door to the rest of the world was firmly locked for those two.  An almighty wind arrived in the animated sky bringing with it a huge man made of bronze: he was the noise.  The roar was the groaning and straining as he made his way slowly across the sky.  The force of him hurled Michael and Juno to the ground.  Michael stretched his hand out, “Hephaestus.”
The giant in the sky smiled and smoke and flames erupted from his mouth.  They watched as the dilapidated house flamed upwards towards the sky.  Michael walked over to where the house had been.  There was nothing left, except two bronze figures hugging each other for comfort.  Fear etched across their faces.
Michael was sombre, “I’m not one for modern sculptures,” he said.  “Come Juno we must travel back to Chur.”  He knew that sometimes the gods were barbaric, but they had not deserted him after all.  Hephaestus shot across the sky and exploded into the new day.  
They approached the hotel, as dawn moved directly into the sky.  It was the time of the day which Michael found the most relaxing.  The time when he could forget about his problems and who he was.  At this time he was just a man with normal aspirations and desires that ordinary men wanted.  But...outside of these times he knew he was so far removed from a mortal.

They sneaked into the hotel and once in his room, Michael dashed for a hot shower.  Juno fell asleep near the window.  She cried out in her sleep: her dreams had arrived to haunt her.
He covered himself in shower gel, too much he knew.  But he needed to be really clean.  He thought about several things while he was shampooing his body but mostly he thought about Jake Cotton.  Because he needed to do something about him.  Before it all got out of hand.  

They had breakfast in their respective hotels and then packed their bags ready to leave Chur.  They had done what they had come for.  Well, everyone was leaving except Jake with the passport problem.
Ada, Hazel, Mrs Peasbody and Charles waited outside their hotel, luggage at their feet, waiting for a taxi to take them to the airport.  Joseph and Jake stood outside the shabby hotel across the road.  Michael had gone to get his truck from the hotel car park; Juno and he were travelling back to the UK overland - the very same way they had come.  
Both the hotel groups watched as Michael sped out of the car park and came to a halt near to where Jake Cotton was standing.  Juno stayed in the truck but Joseph was aware that the dog was studying Jake very closely.  And by the sweating that Jake was doing, he must have known that Juno was staring at him.  But Jake put on a brave face.  “Hey how ya doing?” he smiled at Michael. 
Michael smiled back in the sincere way that he usually dealt with nervous people.  “I’m fine Jake,” he said, “and what’s more I’ve found your passport.”
The colour left Jake’s face.  “My passport – I don’t understand.  I’ve lost it.”
Michael looked serious, “Yes I know you have, but now I’ve found it so you can go to the bank and get the account properly opened and then you can fly back to London.”
Jake picked at his finger, “But suppose I miss the flight?”
Michael stopped smiling, he did not want Jake to keep erecting barriers.  “Well then you can either catch a later flight or come back with Juno and me.”
Joseph watched Jake carefully, I think he’s lying, he thought, about losing his passport.
He was aware that everyone including Juno was staring at him.  How on earth did Michael get it.  He had hidden it so well under the floorboards in the kitchen of the crap hotel.  “That’s great news man.  Better give it to me then.”
Michael smiled, “I’ll come to the bank with you, and I’ll let you have it back then.  Don’t want you to lose it again.”
Jake nodded.  He’s definitely lying thought Joseph, but why?  And how did Michael get his hands on the passport?  At that very moment, a motor cycle rider passed by to the group on the other side of the road, and fired a gun.  Ada fell to the ground.

Michael raced over to her, for once leaving Juno behind and the dog looked upset but swiftly followed him, head low on the ground.
Ada was conscious, in pain, but okay, the bullet had scraped her shoulder.  An ambulance swiftly arrived on the scene.  Hazel travelled with her in the ambulance, and Michael followed behind in his van with Juno.  The rest of them, apart from Jake went on to the airport.  He went to the bank to conclude his unfinished business.
Michael was in deep thought as he followed the ambulance.  He did not look once at Juno.  Someone, he decided, did not want us to leave Chur.  And it’s all about Jake.  He hoped that Jake would be okay on his own, conducting the banking business but he had no option but to let him go on his own.  He couldn't leave Ada.
His breath was like frost by the time he arrived at the hospital.  He parked, leaving Juno in the VW van and then raced into the hospital.  He was not sure but he thought he recognised jealousy in Juno’s eyes.  
The hospital was on the outskirts of Chur and Michael had to ask a few questions before he was taken to Ada. The receptionist had looked at him suspiciously.  “You are the second man in a few minutes to ask after her.”
“Who is the other man?” asked Michael, and more importantly, he thought where is he now?
Perhaps the receptionist read minds he thought because she told him that the man went to the ward where Ada was being treated.  She also mentioned that the police were on their way, but he only half heard that.  Outside the hospital entrance Juno prowled.  Her eyes clear and calculating .    .
Michael followed the receptionist’s instructions and broke into a run until he reached a room marked private.  This must be the one he thought.  He opened the door, he saw Ada, fixed to drip but sitting up in a bed.  He breathed a sigh of relief.  At least she could not be too badly hurt, if she was sitting up talking.  Hazel was sitting on the bed, stroking her arm.
Jake Cotton was pouring out a glass of water from a tumbler positioned on the bedside cabinet.  He smiled when he saw Michael’s puzzled expression.

Michael walked over to Ada.  “How are you?”
“She’s fine,” replied Hazel.  “The bullet grazed her shoulder, that’s all.  She’s in pain but she was lucky.”
Michael looked concerned and sat down opposite Ada. He wiped a stray blonde curl away from her eyes.  Her forehead felt clammy to this touch.  “When can you leave hospital?”
She smiled but she looked very tired, “Not until tomorrow morning.  They won’t discharge me until tomorrow.  Hazel’s going to stay the night at the hospital.  We’re going to get a flight early afternoon - tomorrow.  That should be all right?”
Michael nodded.
“The police are coming soon.   They want to interview Ada, they want to know what happened?  What shall we say?”  Hazel frowned
“It’s okay, I’ll deal with them.  Don’t worry, I’ll make them believe we’re just members of a travel club and we were in the wrong place at the wrong time.”  His eyes wandered over to Jake and he surveyed his interesting face for a few minutes.  “What are you doing here Jake?  You’re meant to be at the bank, finalising your payment into our account?”
Hazel smiled, “He’s a sweetheart; he bought our luggage for us.  Else the others would have missed their flight.”
Michael smiled, “I see...” that’s a decent alibi Jake he thought.  “Well, that’s good of you but now you really ought to get to the bank.  If you don’t go soon it will hold us all up.”
Jake looked nervous and swallowed hard.  “I’ll get going, I don’t want to jeopardise our mission...I don’t need a lift to the UK after all Michael.  I’m going to travel back tomorrow with Ada and Hazel, just to make sure they’re all right.”
Michael looked as if he was about to say something but then decided otherwise.  “I think that’s a very good idea Jake.”
Jake kissed Ada and Hazel and Michael’s eyes were virtually attached to the back of his neck as he disappeared from the room.
“Who do you think did it Michael?” asked Hazel, “Was it something to do with those creatures?”
“I don’t know,” said Michael, “but I’ll find out.”
“I still want to make all this happen,” said Ada, “shooting me still hasn’t put me off my quest for retribution.”
Michael smiled, “I’m glad to hear it.”
The door opened.  “Ada Marcolli.  A burley man asked, “If you’re up to it, we would like to ask you some questions.”
Michael made the police putty in his hands and Ada felt sure that he had either hypnotised or brainwashed them.  They smiled at him and never really asked any of them questions.  Michael asked if they had any idea who shot Ada but they shook their heads with blank stares.  By the time they left the hospital they couldn’t remember who they had come to see in the first place.

When Michael left the hospital, he drove directly back to the hotel and then parked the van at the back.  He took Juno with him and made his way to the park where he had walked Juno with Ada.  It was nearly dark and the park had closed but he vaulted over the gate with Juno in hot pursuit.  He waited under the protection of bushes covered in snow, until he heard footsteps.  It was Jake and then along came a guy dressed in a motorcyclist’s gear and helmet...the man who had shot at Ada.  Flames burnt in Michael’s eye and he wanted to end the life of the motorcyclist.  But Juno pulled on his pocket.  He felt her teeth scraping his hand.  He looked at her wise face in the twilight and instead he listened.

Mrs Peasbody took a cab to the small hotel in Mayfair where she was staying.  She had kissed Joseph and Charles good-bye at Gatwick, they were both staying in a hotel near to the airport and were going to wait for Ada and Hazel, and possibly Jake but neither of them knew exactly when he would be arriving.  Michael had phoned them he would make sure that Ada and Hazel were safely at Zurich airport and ready to board before he continued overland with Juno.  He was planning to stop off in Belgium before continuing the drive to the UK.  Ada was going to fly on to Jersey for a couple of days recuperation with her husband and then return to her house in Kent, where they would all meet again to go over the final plans for the first execution.
Ada embraced Hazel at Gatwick.  Hazel was going to stay at the same Mayfair hotel as Mrs Peasbody.  Half of Ada wanted to invite Hazel to stay with her at her Jersey home.  But she felt that was too personal.  She wanted to keep her home life away from the crimes they were about to commit.  Barney was at home waiting for her; she had phoned him and told him of the shooting.  He wanted to send out his private jet to pick her up.  She didn't want that because she didn’t want to draw attention to herself.  She wanted to blend into society not ride on the crest of it.  She needed to be anonymous.
It was a fine evening when the plane touched down at Jersey.  The fresh air blasted her face as she walked across the tarmac.  It was chilly but not the rawness that was Chur.  The head of customs was on duty as she walked through.  “Good evening Mrs Marcolli, I’m sorry just a formality, but could I examine your luggage.”  She smiled thinking that there was no need to be so apologetic in searching her bags.  What’s more she had nothing to hide.
Outside the terminal, she waited for approximately one minute before a sleek Jaguar with blacked out windows pulled up.  The driver got out briskly and walked over to her and quickly took her bags from her.  “Good evening madam, I trust you had a good flight.”
She laughed, pointed at her arm in the sling, “Under the circumstances Dragon, yes it was a good flight.” 
In the comfort of the car, she allowed herself to think of the last couple of weeks.  It was surreal.  Yet everything had really happened. There was no going back of course, but what about going forward?  She had thought that all she would be involved with was murder.  But the demon and devil stuff was something else.  Anyhow, it was all something which Barney would not get to hear about it.  The car pulled into the drive – the electric gates opened as Dragon pressed his thumb lightly on the scanner.  Security was ace in the Marcolli household.
All she really wanted was a hot bath, sling permitting, and then prop herself up in bed with a mug of Miriam’s famed hot chocolate complete with marshmallows for dunking!  Of course, she also wanted to see Barney didn't she?  She furrowed her brow at the thought, not knowing whether to believe it or not.
Miriam greeted her like a long lost friend.  She was the best housekeeper ever.  Ada did not know what she would do if Miriam and Dragon ever left, they were like part of her family.  And she would trust Dragon with her life.  She knew that he had been in the Bosnian army and she shuddered as she thought of the atrocities that he had seen or even committed.  She knew that he was troubled just by the way his eyes flickered in his face, steel blue, but there was speckled green of hurt within them.  She knew that one of his eyes were false and the scar above the artificial eye was deep but he never mentioned anything and neither did she.  She knew that he had witnessed too much.  Miriam must have been his salvation.  Once she shyly whispered to Ada that before the war Dragon was in a seminary.  He was training to become a priest.  But she continued, crying desperately onto Ada’s shoulder, that he was made to become a beast instead.  Ada knew though that at his core there was a gentle passionate man and that the toils of war made everyone behave in ways that they would not really choose to do.  
“Miriam, where’s Mr Marcolli?” enquired Ada.
“In the patio,” said Miriam, “he’s sorting out his gnomes.”
“Gnomes?” said Ada raising an eyebrow.
She wandered off to the large patio that was adjacent to the rear of the house.  She spotted Barney before he saw her.  He was bending over a large cardboard box and removing brightly painted garden gnomes.  Ada counted at least twenty of them.
“Barney...”
He looked up when he saw her, his dark, grey streaked fringe blew away from his face and his brooding face broke into a warm smile.  He stood up and clasped his arms around her in a bear hug.  She winced.  “Sorry,” he said, “does it hurt a lot.”
She smiled, “Just a bit...”
“Baby, I’ve missed you so much,” he said.  The softness in his eyes disappeared.  “Who did this to you?  Who tried to kill you?”
Ada looked ashamed, “Don’t worry no one tried to kill me, I think it was a case of mistaken identity.” 
“Indeed.”  Barney looked displeased.
“Yes,” stated Ada, although her voice was strained.  She quickly changed the subject. “What are you doing with all those gnomes?”
His booming laughed filled the patio, “Oh they’re splendid little chaps aren’t they.  I don’t know where they came from.  They just arrived for me.  A mysterious present.  Someone who knows that I must like garden gnomes I suppose.  I’m going to spread them out amongst the others.”
“There are so many of them.”
He laughed again, “No not really, there are only thirteen...”
“I thought I counted twenty.”
He looked thoughtful, “Oh dear they must be multiplying.”  He laughed again.

Ada tried to meditate as she let the foaming bubbles lap over her.  But it was difficult because of her injury.  Barney had removed the sling and looked pained as he examined the stitched wound.  He gently washed her back and she felt his nails scrape gently along her spine.  She lay back further in the bath as his hands moved towards her breasts, massaging them slowly until each nipple was pink and heavily erect.  His hands worked their way down her inner thighs and she felt his gentle probing and warmth moving around inside her.  She wanted to scream with pleasure but he silenced her and then carefully picked her up and placed her on a huge fluffy towel which was spread over their four poster bed.  He undressed and was soon inside her, making her become the woman she wished she was.
The moment was beautiful and she knew it wouldn’t happen again.  She wanted to cry out, but then she remembered how guarded she had become since the death of her daughter and her quiet controlled manner kicked into force as he brought them to a joint climax.
Afterwards, they both shared a joint in bed.  Something that she hated herself for doing, but in the past it had helped her eradicate her pain.  She felt ashamed because when she climaxed it was Michael’s clear, all seeing all knowing eyes that looked into hers.  Not Barney’s.
Barney stroked her injured arm.  “Honestly, he said, I really don’t know what I’d have done if anything had happened to you.  You don’t realise just how precious you are to me.”
She smiled, “I do know...” 
He kissed her.  “You really are a fairy tale you know.  I’d be lost without you...Listen, I want to know what happened?  You can tell me can’t you?”  
She cuddled deep into his chest.  “It’s not safe to tell you Barney, I don’t want to incriminate you... I just need sleep now..I’m sorry.”
He smiled at her.  “My fault, I’ve worn you out...”
When she awoke, Barney was not by her side.  All she could hear was the sound of Miriam screaming loudly for someone to help.

Ada slung her dressing gown over her shoulders and rushed down the stairs.  Miriam was at the foot of the stairs screaming uncontrollably.  “Help, Mrs Marcolli, please come into the garden...I’ve phoned the police.”  
“What on earth’s wrong Miriam?”
“It’s the gnomes,” Miriam cried, “they’re murdering Mr Marcolli...I can’t help.  They won’t stop. And Dragon’s not here...he’s gone out with a friend.  Where are the police?”
It had started raining and a nasty wind pushed the chilled water into her face and chest as her dressing gown gaped open.  The fairy lights which illuminated the garden, cast their glow upon an awful scene.  Barney.  Her Barney was lying crucified to the floor by croquet pegs and a group of the garden gnomes were driving Barney’s powerful electric lawnmower over his body.  He screamed, a blood curdling sound and then there was silence.  Ada found a rake near the garden wall and rushed to knock the gnomes off the lawn mower but they were surrounded by some invisible barrier and all she could do was pound her fists against it and scream and scream as her husband was hacked at again and again.  
The gnomes were expressionless lumps of clay.  But very real as they did their job until there was no life left in Barney.  
Job done.  They formed a crocodile and walked down to the garden’s edge and walked over it and plunged into the water below.
The invisible barrier was lifted and she went over to the mashed body of her husband. His face was unrecognisable.  She sank to the grounds, stroking what had been him.  Her crying filled the night like a fox searching for a mate.  She thought she was in the midst of some awful fairy story and then she heard footsteps running.  She heard Dragon consoling her and pulling her away and police sirens wailing and then there was nothing.  Not even blackness.

Michael blinked rapidly.  “Okay.  Deep breath Dragon.  Make sure you and Miriam stay with Ada.  I’ll be with you soon.  We’ve just left Dover.  We’ll be with you shortly.”  He looked serious and pulled the van off the main road and into a wooded lay-by.   Juno watched him intently.  “It’s okay girl...it’s happening sooner than I expected...we’ve got to dump the van...we have to be in Jersey soon.
A farmer was in a nearby field, trying to catch a rampant fox that was disturbing his livestock.  The night was crisp and for once, he was pleased to see stars filling the sky.  He saw flashes of light streak across the sky.  Good grief, he thought, shooting stars, and two at that!  Wait till I tell the wife.
The stars fell fast over Jersey.  Teleporting was very difficult for Michael and Juno; each time they did it their strengths weakened.  And would never be the same again.  They lay on the ground near to Ada’s house, neither could breathe properly.
Eventually the two of them were on their feet and making their way down Ada’s immaculate drive.
Michael rang the door bell.  After a short while, Dragon opened the door.  “Mr Michael, please come in quickly.”
“How’s Ada now?”
Dragon’s face looked as if it was dropping quickly like an elevator.  “Mr Michael, she’s bad...we had to lie to the police.  They assume it was an attack for robbery or something because Mr Marcolli was a very very wealthy man.  We couldn’t tell them that the culprits were garden gnomes.  They would think we were all mad.”
Michael sighed heavily.
Dragon looked embarrassed, “It’s true Mr Michael, true.  My wife she saw them as well as Mrs Marcolli.  They just minced him up using the sit on lawn mower.”                                
Michael sighed once more.
“Do you know what?” Dragon said, “It’s ridiculous isn’t it.  Who would believe it?  It’s like some bad English comedy.  I want to laugh.”  He broke down in tears and all Michael could do was stare.  He couldn't comfort the big man as his shoulders shook and he cried like a baby.  Because he was a god and emotions were for mortals alone.
Outside, in the deepest part of the grounds the man in the red fedora danced with glee.  The mission was successful.  And there would be other glorious days...

Michael knocked on the bedroom door and quietly entered.  Juno waited outside. She was forever on call, in case Michael needed her.  She owed her life to him and she would never forget it.
Ada was propped up by numerous embroidered pillows.  Her bed was large and had four poster tendencies but the drapes had been removed.  She was always of a pale complexion but now she looked like a ghost of herself, Michael thought.
“How are you?” he asked and he gently held her hand.
“I feel awful,” she said, “I’ve been sedated but it doesn’t work.  I’ll have to take more pills to get the desired effect. Plus my arm is still paining me.”  Her eyes filled with tears.  “I just want to forget...I’ve lost a good man.”
Michael smiled, “I know.  But don’t take anymore pills.  They’ll kick in soon.  Really they will.”
She sighed and played with wisps of hair which had fallen over her face.  “You don’t understand...my life, it’s been an absolute mess.  I was born into poverty.  Escaped.  Had my darling daughter.  She was brutally murdered.  I married my husband.  I felt safe.  And now he’s dead. And do you know what Michael?”
He looked solemn. 
“It’s all my fault.”
Michael looked towards the ceiling.  “Ada, listen, it’s not your fault.”
But she wasn’t listening.  “Everyone I loved and cared about has been murdered.  My life will never be the same again.”
Michael watched her eyes move to the photo of Barney and her which was on the mantelpiece over the large ornamental fireplace.  “I’m definitely the reason why Sophie died.  I didn’t think twice about the man who was giving her piano lessons.  If I had just thought things through...”
“It’s not your fault...”  Michael’s voice boomed.
“It is.  And now Barney had died in a horrific way just because I’ve been egotistical and wanted revenge for my daughter’s death...and the revenge that has been put into place has flown back in my face.  My husband is dead because of my actions...”
Michael held the side of her face and turned it towards him.  She was very beautiful he thought.  Her profile was wonderful.  He could imagine her face painted on an ancient vase.  “Look, you only have to say the word and then all this will stop.  Give up the Retribution Club and there will be nothing else bad happening to you.”
She winced, “Barney believed strongly in an eye for an eye.  He wasn’t snow white you know.  He told me that he had done.  Unpleasant things and he wasn’t proud of his life before me.  He knew what I was going to do was dangerous, yet he financed me...Yes I still want to go ahead with the retribution.   Nothing has changed in that respect.  In fact I want even more now, in Barney’s memory.”
“Did you love your husband?”
She winced.  “No I didn’t and he knew that.  But I respected him, liked him very much and enjoyed his company and he looked after me.”
“Okay,” said Michael, “we go on, if you’re sure.”
She looked at him with saucer-like eyes.  “Those bloody gnomes, they were a present from the devil weren’t they?”

Barney’s funeral was a dignified affair.  Ada wanted to keep it small and private.  Just his immediate family were there.  But the Retribution Club members, out of respect, also attended but they kept an extremely low profile.  His mother, in her eighties had a special pass from the St Helier care home and a nurse accompanied her.  She cried because she did not expect to outlive her kind, fun-loving son.  His sister, a tall elegant woman surprised everyone by sobbing uncontrollably at his graveside.  She did not come back to the house afterwards but caught a flight straight back to her home in LA.  His children, products of his first marriage arrived with Barney’s ex- wife.  They all greeted Ada fondly.  No animosity there thought Michael as he stood at the graveside.  Juno studied him from afar, peering from behind a tree.   All seeing, all hearing.  The other Retribution Club members stood back from the main crowd.  They had passed themselves off as old business acquaintances of Barney.    Fear was mapped firmly in their lives when they heard about Barney’s murder.
Jake Cotton stood away from everyone as Barney was laid to rest.  Dust to dust... He sweated profusely even though the day was chilly.  Michael, like Juno saw everything and watched him carefully.
Watching the funeral party from afar was Satan and his band of helpers and they could not stop laughing, especially the man in the red fedora.

Back at the house, Charles Green helped himself to some more whisky.  “Thank you for inviting me Ada, it was a very beautiful service.” 
Ada nodded she was unable to speak; she had been through so much.  Sophie and now Barney.  She was alone now, Edward Sedgwick must pay for this.  She moved away from Charles and to the safety of Michael and Juno’s watchful eyes.
Charles sidled up to Jake who looked extremely uncomfortable in a shiny new suit and a too tight tie. He sniffed his glass, “My, my this is a remarkable malt you know.  Must have cost a fortune.”
Jake looked at him.  “Ada’s lost her husband, is that all you can say man?”
“I’m sorry, but it was expected wasn’t it ?  Knowing the road that she had chosen.”
“He was sliced up by a fuckin’ lawnmower driven by garden gnomes.  It could have been any one of us.”
Charles gazed deep into his glass, “Yes, it could have been.  Actually it makes you want to take stock and stop what we’re doing – or at least have me jump off the carousel.”  He looked at Jake.  “But I don’t want to son.  I’m in this to the bitter end.  Whatever the outcome.”
Jake looked away towards the French windows.  He saw something moving in the dusk.  He thought it looked like a gnome and he started sweating.
“I want you to get everyone together.  I need to hold a meeting tonight,” said Ada, “we must get going soon...the first murder...it has to be soon.”
“Okay,” said Michael, I’ll make sure everyone stays behind when the rest of the people have gone.  But I need to explain about those gnomes.”
Ada’s full lips looked thin as she chewed them.  “It’s okay Michael, I understand.  Because we’re are having such wicked thoughts and are planning to do such wicked things, we are being tracked by the devil...”
Michael started to speak but then thought otherwise and Juno growled.
“But you are going to save us.  Aren’t you?”  Ada’s eyes looked diamond bright through the dew of tears.

The last of the official funeral guests had departed only the vicar and the Retribution Club members remained.  Ada looked anxiously as Charles refilled the vicar’s glass.  “Just one for the road then vicar?”
The vicar whose face was crimson anyway blushed a deep aubergine purple.  “If you must, just the one but then I must depart, I’ve a sermon to write you know.”
“Hallelujah,” whispered Hazel to Joseph forcing him to emit a deep guttural laugh.  Mrs Peasbody looked cross and Michael smiled.  Jake was drinking vodka and cranberry juice and went and sat beside the vicar on a large squashy sofa.  The vicar eyed Jake uneasily and his face turned from red hot mauve to ash.  His hand was trembling.  You old lush thought Charles, get it down you.  But then his eyes focused on the vicar,
The small crucifix the vicar was wearing started to move up and down on its thin chain.  It started slamming up and down on the vicar’s chest and there was a look of terror on the vicar’s face until the crucifix pulled free of the chain and flew up into the air and then came down with such a force as it landed on the vicar’s forehead. Steam arose from his forehead as well as a smell of burning flesh.  He cried out and Charles tried to remove the crucifix but it was stuck fast and the vicar was crying out for God to save him.  Michael caught Jake Cotton smirking.  Eventually the crucifix with one final pull from Charles, came away from the vicars forehead.  Leaving an ugly red burn in the shape of the crucifix.  Before their eyes the cross turned black.  The vicar stood up like a zombie and made his way to the front door, as he went his dead eyes did not leave Jake’s face and Michael noticed everything. Jake is different thought Michael, one of the devils disciples only he doesn’t appear to know it.

The shadows from the fire which Dragon lit in the library surrounded Hazel’s face, softening her features.  She looks really pretty by firelight thought Joseph.  Like a Christmas fairy.
Ada pulled a soft cashmere shawl around her shoulders and Joseph noticed how bony she had become since he first met her.  Then she was rounder and fuller-faced.  Still beautiful though, perhaps even more so now.  She stirred in her armchair and took a sip of the strong coffee that Charles had made.  She winced when she tasted the brandy he had poured freely into her cup.  “You need this”, he remarked, “for all that’s happened to you”.
“Thank you all for being here.” Her voice was as soft as a gentle wind on a summer’s day.  “It means so much to me...I’m just so sad that none of you were able to meet Barney, he was a very special man.”
Michael look away, he felt sad – he hadn’t liked Barney, there was something about him...controlling---yet Ada didn't appear to notice.  Maybe because of his money, his flaw of character was something that she chose to overlook.
“My dear, we’re all so very sorry,” remarked Mrs Peasbody, settled comfortably between Charles and Jake on the sofa.  Juno lay at her feet.
Michael stood at the fireplace with Charles, who was sipping from a large brandy glass.  He glanced at Ada and noticed that her eyes were flashing with outrage.  “I’m sorry about what happened to your husband...I feel I owe you an explanation,” he said.
“Explanation?”  Hazel looked fearful.
“About me,” he replied, although don’t reveal too much, he thought to himself.  “And about the devil...”
The room chilled and the flames from the fire were not enough to warm their bones.  “What’s the devil got to do with all this?”  Charles asked.
Michael breathed heavily.  “Can you all believe that we live in parallel worlds?”
Charles laughed, “Do you mean something like a motorist who has cheated death in a violent collision for instance, might feel relieved at his lucky escape. But in a parallel world, another version of the same driver will have been killed. And yet in another world the motorist will recover after treatment in hospital. Something like all that bull?”
Michael sighed, “yes, that’s an interpretation.  But what I mean is when different worlds live on different plateaus in the same universe, not the same world being reacted over and over again but with different outcomes.”
“It’s a fascinating theory,” said Mrs Peasbody.
“What I want to explain to you,” said Michael, “is not a theory but the truth...Whether you believe it is up to you.”

Michael settled back into a squashy armchair, Juno padded over to him, sighed and then flopped onto the floor, her large black shiny head resting on his foot.  He rubbed her alert ears until her eyes closed and her breathing was the only sound in the room. Michael smiled, aware that no one else was smiling.  “She’s heard it all before...”  The smile left his face and Ada noticed how chiselled his face was, almost as if it had been carved out of stone.
“We’re not the only beings in the universe.  Earth is not the only world populated by intelligence.”
“Oh, please,” said Charles, “still milking Ada’s brandy decanter for what it was worth, “tell us something we don’t know.”
“Look, I am explaining things to you all...I’d appreciate it if you would remain quiet until I’ve finished.  Then you can ask questions.”
Ada looked sharply at Charles and his face deepened in colour.  He pushed the decanter closer towards him and helped himself to another brandy.
“It’s difficult for me to explain about other lives up there,” Michael pointed to the roof.  “But I will try.  Just, for the time being try and accept what I’m saying.  No matter how stupid it might seem.
“The parallel worlds I was telling you about.  Imagine a pyramid.  At the top of the pyramid is Heaven – the place where the Almighty lives.  Below this is the underworld.  The place where the devil and his disciples make their home.  And below that, residing alongside other worlds is Earth.  You must trust me and accept that this is the truth.  And that hell is not in the bowels of the earth but resides above us and splits us from heaven.
“The devil is not a figment of man’s imagination – he was not put in the bible to fill up the pages.  He really is the business.”  
Somewhere in Ada’s house a clock chimed, cold and spooky.  Outside an owl hooted.  Hazel shivered and cuddled up to Joseph, who subconsciously put his arm around her.
Michael paused and looked at them.  “Can you feel his presence?  You should do because he’s coming.”
Mrs Peasbody cried out loud.

“I don’t want to frighten you,” he continued, “but it’s true.  Anyway if you’re willing to kill to get retribution, then the devil will not faze you.  He knows all about Ada and what she is planning to do.  It’s as simple as that, so he decided to stop her because that’s how he gets his kicks.  The devil is in all of us as well, it feeds from our emotions and the things we say and do.  But mostly we manage to keep him in check.  But now he’s loose and he’s already caused you all grief, taking those you love away from you.  Now he wants more, he wants to destroy you, simply because he can. He thinks that you are all above your stations in life.  Playing with fire and deciding who should live and who should die.  He’s jealous because that’s his line of work and he wants to wipe you all off the face of the earth.  But I also heard what you were planning to do. So I came to you... to save and help you.  It’s as simple as that.”
He walked over to Ada’s drinks cabinet.  “May I?”  Ada nodded and he poured himself a large whisky.  He returned to his seat smiling, “Anyway, I suppose your next question, if I allowed you to speak would be, who am I?  Well, you probably won’t believe this but I am an ancient god and so is she.”  He pointed to Juno. 
Charles Green laughed out loud like a maniac just released from an asylum. 

“Good grief man do you expect us to believe all that piffle.  That you and your bloody dog are gods?  Well, I’ve heard everything now.”  And Charles laughed again.
For the first time since she had met him Ada could see that Michael was losing his patience.    “Look,” he said, “I did not say I was God.  I said I was a god and so is Juno.  But I’m not going to say any more about that now.  What I will say is that I have special powers but sometimes they’re weak because I’m out of my world, so it’s hit and miss.  You’ll just have to trust me.”
“Does Juno have special powers also?” asked Mrs Peasbody, “I always knew that she was not just a dog.”
Michael smiled, “Yes, Juno’s special as well.”
Jake looked sad.  Who are you and your dog?  What gods are you?  At least tell us that.
Michael looked away and shook his head.
Ada stood up.  “It’s been a long day for me...but we need to get matters in hand.  We must get the show on the road.  Our first act of retribution must take place soon.  Are we all agreed?”
The chorus shouted yes.  Michael was under no illusion now of the people he was mixing with.
“Michael dear,” said Mrs Peasbody, “Just one more question please.  Will the gnomes come back?”
Ada shivered, frightened of the reply.  
“They will return,” stated Michael, “because they are the devil’s helpers.  But they will be in another guise.”

Hazel desperately wanted to sleep but Michael had them talking throughout the night.  She could see that Ada was exhausted, she had just buried her husband after all.  Hazel felt that they needed to let her rest.  She noticed how bright eyed Mrs Peasbody was.  But of course that was because it was going to be her “murder” which was next. 
What would happen when it was time for Hazel’s murder to be carried out?  Hazel sighed; she imagined that they would all be imprisoned by that time.  She too went to Ada’s drink cabinet and poured herself an extremely large vodka, with a hint of tonic.  She made her way to the large oval table in a majestic room which used to be Barney’s office.

Ada helped herself to strong black coffee, Michael and Joseph did the same.  Jake just hogged a bottle of vodka, kept pouring until the glass was nearly full and then mixed a dash of cranberry juice with it.  Charles winced when he saw what Jake was doing.  Ada sat patiently with her memories and her coffee, allowing the others to fidget before anything important was said or done.   Sitting round the table, everyone looked sombre.  “Look,” said Charles, “Are you sure you’re up for this Ada – it’s been a very long day for you?”
Ada sighed, “I can’t sleep Charles, I don’t think I ever will again.  Let’s get the arrangements over and done with...Mrs Peasbody...do you want to participate in the murder or remain an onlooker?”
Mrs Peasbody stood up and puffed herself up to her full, short height.  “My dear, I want to participate of course.  That’s why I’m here.  I could read that the bloody doctor was killed but that would give me no satisfaction.  I need to be in at the kill.  I’m definitely, as Jake would say “up for it”.
Ada managed a watery smile, “Okay – I was just checking.  Does anyone have any idea what to do?  Good grief I do sound like an amateur.  If anyone was listening in they would think what a stupid cow I was.”
Michael smiled.  “That’s for debate.”
Everyone laughed.
“What we have to do,” said Jake, “is put him under surveillance for a week or so.  Just to determine what his habits are.  We need to know what he does on a regular basis and that will determine how we dispose of him.”
Ada stared at Jake, she had never heard him so articulate before.  The soldier was really coming out in him.  Michael agreed it would be the best route to take but they had to decide whether they should do the surveillance themselves or whether they should get someone to do it for them.
“We don’t really want to be seen trailing after some egotistical surgeon,” said Charles, “we’ll all be shopped and imprisoned before the murder has even taken place.”
“I can do the surveillance,” said Jake. 
“No,” said Michael, “I don’t want you revealed at all.  Especially at this stage, we’re all so new in our campaign.  I think the best thing is for us to hire a private detective...a good one...it will cost money but it will be worth it...and we have more than enough money.”
“What if he finds out we have him under surveillance?” said Hazel, “perhaps he’s good at counter-surveillance?”  
“No, he’s too stupid and greedy,” remarked Jake, “he wouldn’t be up for anything like that.   He’s lived off the fat of the land for too long. His guard’s down now.”
“And never to be put up again,” agreed Charles.
Joseph eased himself into the conversation by asking if they could trust a private detective and Charles nodded in harmony.
“He’ll be reliable A good detective will get results quickly and that’s what we want.  Besides I’ll take care of him,” said Michael 
“How can you be so sure,” asked Charles, “are you going to murder him, once you’ve got all the info out of him?”
Michael laughed, making Juno wag her tail.  “No.  Of course not, but I’ll deal with him.  He won’t trouble us later....”
They went on to discuss the implications of being caught and being imprisoned themselves until a cold air bled their bones.  And the grandmother clock sounded 3am.  Ada looked beyond help now.  Michael watched her closely.  “Look guys, we’d better turn in now...Ada’s shattered.”
Mrs Peasbody and Hazel helped Ada to her feet; she staggered slightly and could hardly stand.  Michael rushed over and caught her before she fell to the floor.  He picked her up and carried her up the stairs.  “She’s burnt out,” he remarked to Charles, who quickly followed him.”
Once inside her bedroom, Michael removed her shoes and placed on her on the bed.   Charles arranged the duvet over her.  “Let her sleep,” said Michael, “for as long as she needs.  She’s been through so much...and more so recently.”  Charles nodded his head in agreement.  “Juno will stay with her.  She’ll be safe.”
As if on cue, Juno padded into the bedroom, yawned and lay down with a thud under the large bay window.  For a few moments she stared at them, then curled up in a ball and her body rose up and down to the sound of her calm breathing.  No one spotted a man with one ear standing outside the house.  His face obscured by the darkness.
Michael slept soundly but was awake just before 6am.  He looked outside his window.  There had been a frost and there were footprints in the garden below.  They resembled cloven hooves.  He smiled sadly and then went into his bathroom for a quick shower.  He dressed and then went and checked on Ada, she was still sleeping.  Juno lazily wagged her tail when she saw him and then closed her eyes again.
Michael left the house before anyone else was awake.  He borrowed Ada’s Mercedes  and drove to the airport.  
Soon he was airborne and on his way to Gatwick.  During the short flight he thought of nothing and when he landed at Gatwick he, hired a car and hit the accelerator fast and furious onto the motorway.  He followed the signpost for Bromley yet still he thought of nothing.

Ethan Goldberg was not your usual type of private detective.  He had followed that route via an unremarkable array of menial jobs.  Originally he trained as a concert pianist but his career was over before it had really begun when he woke up with meningitis one day.  His left hand and a finger on his right hand were amputated to save his life.  Apart from playing the piano there was nothing else that he was qualified to do.  As a youngster he used to enjoy watching Eddie Shoestring on the telly and sometimes the American Columbo series which fuelled his appetite for private investigations.  He never even bothered to train with anyone.  He just rented a tiny office in the Kent suburbs and put his name above the door Ethan Goldberg Private Investigations and took it from there.  Of course there were a few formalities but soon he was in action and built up a steady clientele by word and mouth because he was a very good detective.  He always had a gut feeling which got results.
He would have been even more successful if he had not developed a taste for rose wine and whisky mixed together.  When he was drunk, he forgot that the piano had been the love of his life and his detective capabilities.  But when he was not, there was always an air of sadness about him.  Something to do with how his brow rose and fell and how his eyes never sparkled, they looked as if they were cut from felt.  
He had children and grandchildren, he was devoted to them in his own way but he didn't see them often but he wanted to.  His wife, well she got fed up with him years’ ago and left with a newly retired photocopy engineer for a new life in an urbanisation in the Alicante area.
He was recovering from a late night drinking session and his head was slumped on his chest and he was trying to gulp water when his buzzer rang.  He answered.  It was the man who had booked the appointment yesterday, Mr Smith.  He heard himself telling the man to come upstairs but he was very early.  Dawn had only just broken.
Mr Smith did not look like a Mr Smith thought Ethan Goldberg.  He was tall, probably about 6’ 3” and extremely handsome, with close cropped white blond hair which Ethan assumed would be very curly should Mr Smith decide to wear it longer.  He had an elegant Roman nose with dark , well groomed eyebrows.  His eyes were the most amazing blue that he had ever seen.  One minute they looked the colour of the Mediterranean Sea and the next they appeared a dark navy like a brewing storm.  They were obviously contacts decided Ethan.  His dark eyelashes were to die for if you were a woman, let alone a man.  Yes thought Ethan Goldberg, Mr Smith was not your ordinary sort of guy.
Mr Smith declined Ethan’s offer to sit in the one comfortable armchair he had in his office. He preferred to perch on the edge of the chair.  He also declined coffee or tea, just requested a glass of water.  He then described what he wanted Ethan Goldberg to do...
He was to watch and log the daily movements of the eminent surgeon, Sir Ranulph Shankling.  He must be fastidious and was to watch him for two weeks and note his every movement and habits.  For this he was to be paid £30,000.  But he was not to fail.  Of course he took the job – he would have been stupid not to.

The Retribution Club had nothing really to do except wait until Ethan Goldberg reported back to Michael.  He thought it best that Ada, Joseph, Hazel and himself decamped to Ada’s Kent mansion.  But that it would be better for Charles, Mrs Peasbody and Jake to return  to their homes and wait for the call from him.  Jake had no home to go to so Charles offered to put him up, in his luxury apartment.  He enjoyed Jake’s company and didn't want him to be on his own.  Michael was keen to keep everything looking as normal as possible, even though they were living a surreal existence.  Charles and Jake were worried that the devil or his associates might come looking for them.  Michael said he did not think anything would happen to them but as a precaution, when Mrs Peasbody left, Juno accompanied her to watch over her.
Ada spent most of the time in her bedroom or taking solitary walks.  Joseph and Hazel became closer and were always whispering and laughing with each other.  But Ada was oblivious to all this.  Michael allowed himself the luxury of the pick of Ada’s expensive cars and would take himself off most afternoons exploring country lanes and small villages.  He was always looking for something.  A favourite of his was Benenden, a typical country village.  There was a decent pub there overlooking the green where he became accustomed to British warm beer.  The days seemed endless.  Very soon he thought spring would emerge and they would have already murdered.

He was in his room one evening when Ethan Goldberg called.  He had all the details that Michael requested.  He said no names over the phone or no other details.  He arranged to meet Michael in Benenden the next day in the village pub that Michael was fond of.
Michael waited in the car outside the pub.  He was missing Juno but Mrs Peasbody had called.   Juno was fine.  She was a lovely dog and Mrs Peasbody didn’t want to part with her. 
Michael heard a noise like a tractor.  He watched as an old battered BMW pulled up and Ethan Goldberg got out.  Michael noticed that he looked much younger and carefree than when he had first seen him.  Must be because he knows he’s going to get a pack of cash thought Michael, as he got out of Ada’s Mini Clubman.
They shook hands and Michael gestured for Ethan to go in the pub with him.  He noticed Ethan taking a few sneaky looks at him as they walked towards the pub entrance.  They settled down at a table and Michael offered Ethan a drink.  He asked for half a lager.  Michael sipped mineral water.  “Well,” said Michael, “what have you got for me?”
Ethan smiled, “I’ve got the lot Mr Smith. In this file, I’ve detailed everything that Shankling has been up to.  I’ve observed him closely for two weeks.  What’s more he’s a creature of habit who definitely doesn’t practice counter surveillance.  He goes to the same pool every morning for an early swim, except on Sunday’s.  He’s got a mistress he visits two evening a week – Mondays and Fridays.  If he’s operating he changes one of the days to a Wednesday.......
Michael took the documents from Ethan Goldberg.  “It’s all there, Mr Smith, everything you need.  He’s a bit of a one though that surgeon – got a good looking wife, but not content, has a mistress as well and she’s gorgeous.  And it gets better...he’s also goes with rent boys..  Dirty old sod.”
Michael raised an eyebrow, mortals he thought, they’re all the same.  “You’ve done a good job Mr Goldberg.  Very thorough.”  He skimmed through the documents.
“Thank you,” Ethan replied, smiling at Michael with his rat-like eyes.
But, thought Michael, you don’t have much longer to live.  To live would put us all in danger.  

Michael passed Ethan £20,000 (he’d already given him £10,000 as a deposit when they first met).  He would collect it from his body later.  Ethan grabbed the envelope.  Dead man thought Michael as Ethan tried to push the bulging envelope into his inside pocket and a photograph fell out onto the table.  Michael picked it up and a small dark haired boy looked up at him, with shiny bright eyes. Ethan clawed back the photo.  “That’s my grandson. He’s four now.  Apple of my eve.  His mum and dad don’t have much.  This dosh...,” he patted his pocket, “It’s all going into a trust fund for little Sammy...ready for when he has his bar mitzvah.  He’s a delicate kid he was born with a hole in the heart but we all love him.”
Michael stared at him; his rat-like features had come alive.  There was love and a fierce pride shining in his eyes.  Michael felt weary.  “Thanks for your help then...but I really have to go now.”
Ethan smiled, a few strands of his thinning grey hair flopped onto his sweaty forehead.  “And thank you too for the work...if you need anything else doing Mr Smith you know where to find me.”
In the car park, a fine mist like that in a shower room, covered the area yet the sun was dribbling its rays into the static sky, desperately trying to expose itself.
They shook hands.  Michael’s face took on a blue tint as it drained of colour. The force of the electric shock travelled up the private detective’s arm.  His face showed terror.  There was an awful burning smell.  Michael pushed him into his car, quickly removing half the amount of money he had given him from his wallet.
The sun broke through, turning what had been a watercolour day into a bright oil coloured one.  Michael tapped on the window, gently waking the man who opened his eyes and blinked.
“Are you all right?” asked Michael.
The man looked puzzled.  “Yes, thanks...well that is...I’m not sure...where am I?”
Michael laughed, “In a pub car park.”
The man returned his laugh.  “I must have had one too many...I don’t know what I’m doing here.”
Michael smiled.  “But you’re all right?”
“Yes,” the man replied, “I’m all right.  But I can’t remember anything.”
Michael turned away and walked slowly towards his car.  There was goodness in Ethan Goldberg.  He did not have his entire mind or all his money.  But after all, he had his life.  Michael decided to keep the money – it belonged to the Retribution Club but he had never had that much money before, £10,000 was a good sum of money in the mortal world and he never knew when he might need it.  For him and for Juno.

Michael drove back to Ada’s mansion.  He walked purposely along the hall.  Charles was coming down the stairs.  “Hello there good sir, what have you been u to?”
Michael held up his hand.  “Not now Charles.”  He sprinted up the stairs.
Charles briefly glanced at Michael’s stone set features.  Bloody foreigners, he thought, or gods, or whatever....
In the privacy of his room Michael quickly went under the shower.  First, he blasted himself with hot water and then cold.  This procedure went on for about 10 minutes.  Until, exhausted, he emerged from the shower and then wrapped himself up into a large soft towel and then threw himself on the bed, vanishing beneath the duvet.  He pulled it over his head, so that he could not see the sunlight flowing through the window.  He thought about Ethan Goldberg.  He had nearly murdered him.  Just because he could. He was a god and he really didn't regard human life at all.  It was true what the mortals said about the gods that they were cruel.
And then he cried.

By supper time, Michael was his usual self.  Dragon went off to collect Mrs Peasbody and Juno .  He was also going to collect Miriam who was cooking the meal.  
Juno flew into the house, almost on furry wings and jumped into Michael’s arms. It broke the solemnity of the moment.  Everyone laughed as the two were so delighted to be reunited with each other.  Jake and Charles arrived by taxi.  
Mrs Peasbody quietly kissed Ada on the cheek and Jake looked shifty.
“Jakey boy,” Joseph grabbed his shoulder.
Jake did not want to make eye contact.  “I’m cool big guy could someone get me a drink?”  
Charles smiled warmly, “vodka and cranberry juice coming up my son.”
Hazel wobbled into the lounge where drinks were being served. She didn’t feel like drinking, she had been doing that all afternoon in the privacy of her own room, along with smoking.  But she would give both up soon, she promised herself.  She glanced at Ada.  Poor Ada was so beautiful, so rich but she was not so lucky.  Look what had happened to her, losing her daughter and then her husband.  Money cannot buy good fortune, but it does help ease the pain.  Where would the Retribution Club be if it wasn’t for Ada’s substantial contribution?  Ada came over to Hazel.  Are you sure you don’t want a drink Hazel.  She smiled at Hazel but it didn't fool her.  She had never seen Ada happy.  Yes she was stunning but there was no passion in her face.  Hazel shook her head at Ada and then she shivered because Ada had the eyes of a dead person.

Michael spoke.  “Well everyone, you’ll all be pleased to know that I have Sir Ranulph’s schedule now.  We can now decide how to dispose of him.  We can either discuss before or after dinner?”
Ada said it would be better if they waited until after dinner, they would all be more relaxed then, after wine and liqueurs.  Discussing murder would not be too much of a shock to the system.  But then she looked around and noticed that everyone was wide eyed and hyperactive.  “Let’s go into the study then,” she said, “and get it over for once and for all.
The study was austere, not particularly friendly, there were gargoyles carved above the stone fireplace.  Hazel looked at them and shivered.
They all sat round the large oval shaped ebony wood table.  Brandy and whiskey decanters, gin, vodka and mixes were all placed in the middle of the table by Charles.  Juno paced the room never taking her eyes off the fireplace before settling down at Mrs Peasbody’s feet.
Charles looked worried, “Well Michael have you worked out how we’re going to do him in?  So that we’ll get away with it of course?  Is it going to be in the water like we discussed?”  I don’t really fancy being banged up for murdering someone I don’t know. But I’ll abide by the Retribution Club’s rules of course.”
Michael smiled, “It’s simple.  He visits a health club every morning between 6am and 7am.  He goes to the pool then the sauna then has a massage.  We murder him when he’s in the pool.  There’s no attendant...”
“But there must be CCTV?”  Now Jake looked worried.
“Yes,” said Michael, “but we can easily disable that”.
“How are we going to get into the health club?”  Charles still looked concerned.
Michael laughed. “I’ve been given a key of course!”
Charles raised an eyebrow.
“No it’s true,” said Michael, “the private eye got it for me.”
“How can we be sure that it will work?” questioned Charles.
Michael looked serious, “because I had a dummy run.  It works for sure.”
Now it was Ada’s turn.  “How are we going to murder him – actually in the water?” 
“Yes,” said Michael, “we should drown him – that would be best – hold him under.”
Mrs Peasbody stood up.  “Yes it would be...and I definitely want to be part of it please.”
“Look old girl, I really don’t think that’s a very good idea you know, what with your age and everything,” remarked Charles.
“I think it’s an excellent idea,” said Ada, after all Mrs Peasbody was a very good swimmer, she swam the channel ...”
“Mrs Peasbody should definitely be involved,” said Michael, “after all it’s her retribution.”
Mrs Peasbody smiled and sat down.  “Yes I must do something.  My wonderful husband died because of that pig...he might not have murdered him but it was as near to that as you could get.  Purely because of his greed.”
They carried on discussing the basics and the roles that they would play in the murder when Dragon came in and told them that dinner was ready.  Miriam served them a wonderful meal of grilled prawns, rack of lamb, vegetable pasta and a beautiful pavlova.    They all felt the stress leaving their bodies as they talked about themselves, not giving too much away but Ada could see that she had most definitely picked the right people to form the Retribution Club. 
“Well,” said Charles, pushing himself away from the table slightly and downing his serviette.  “That was a wonderful dinner Ada, thank you.  My compliments to Miriam.  She’s a wonderful cook...”
Ada smiled, “Yes she is isn’t she...I’m so lucky to have her.  She’s not just a cook and housekeeper though, she’s a wonderful person as well.”
“She most certainly is my dear,” remarked Mrs Peasbody...a very lovely lady.”
“I always fancied being a chef,” replied Charles, “not that I’m very good at cooking mind you.”
“Well, I always wanted to be an actress,” said Hazel, “faint chance though because I can’t act.”
Joseph smiled at her in a secretive way, “Oh but I’m sure you can my darling.”
Hazel blushed and laughed, “What on earth do you mean by that?”
Ada smiled at them, she thought they might be having an affair, and looked wistful.  “What did you want to be Joseph?”
He winked at her, “What I am of course, a rock god!”
Everyone laughed.
“I wanted to be an airline pilot,” said Jake but I could never afford it.
They were silent because the gap between Jake and the others, the privilege and wealth formed a rift in the conversation.
“Never too late to learn son,” said Charles.
“Yes it is, well for me anyway – but it doesn’t matter I’m cool about it...things happen.”
“That just leaves you Ada – oh and Michael of course – what did you want to be Ada?”
She played with her fork on the plate.  “Simple, really just a good wife and mother, and I seemed to have failed at both.”
“You haven’t failed,” said Michael, “never ever doubt yourself.  You’re going through a bad patch because stuff happens and has happened to you.  But hang on in there your life will change for the better I promise you.”
“Doesn’t look too promising, does it – murdered child and now murdered husband.”  Charles almost spat the words.
“Let’s get off this subject please,” said Michael.
“Okay,” said Hazel, “what do you wish you could do Michael?”
“Just to be loved,” he said, “nothing more nothing less.”

They were enjoying brandies and coffee in the lounge when they heard an awful scraping coming from above the fireplace.  Charles looked up and then he looked at the rest of them.  Three ornamental gargoyles had broken free from the ceiling and were slowly crawling down the wall towards them.  Breathing fire and hissing.
“What on earth....,” said Charles.
“Be quiet,” snapped Michael, “Don’t anyone move, please.”
Eight pairs of eyes studied the awful looking creatures as they reached the bottom of the wall.  Michael counted about twenty of them and noticed that there were more outside the window.
Juno let out a blood curdling scream.  One had landed on her back and was furiously scratching and biting her neck, blood was flowing.
Jake left his seat and rushed across to Juno.  He kicked the creature so hard; it released his grip on Juno and lay breathless on the floor.  It’s red eyes watering.  Jake jumped on to its chest and it began to crack slowly, oozing a trail of vile smelling slime across the floor.  Then another one landed on Jake.  He tried to fight it off, but then three more landed on him.  One was trying to bite off his nose.  
Mrs Peasbody moved quickly.  She pushed and shoved until a shield and sword fell from the wall.  She picked them up and rushed over to Jake.  He was moaning.  She hurled the shield at the gargoyles.  One was knocked off balance and split open.  Another was kicked off Jake by the might of Charles’s boot – and the creature exploded in mid air, covering everyone with a ghostly chalk.  Mrs Peabody threw Michael the sword.  He caught it and then swooped up towards the ceiling.  She watched amazed.  She had cataracts on both eyes but it seemed to her that Michael had small wings on his feet as he glided across the top of the room.  He dive-bombed the remaining gargoyle on top of Jake and sliced off the creature’s head.
Hazel screamed one had her by the throat and was ripping the front of her dress off.  Joseph rushed over and tried to push it off.  It turned on him and bit him hard on the shoulder.  He kicked at it, knocking it sideways.  Michael swooped down and levered the sword into a bolt at the back of the gargoyle’s neck.  Once released, a black steaming liquid came forth and the thing disintegrated.
Ada let out a blood curdling scream.  She was being carried from the room by four gargoyles.  Juno, her back congealed with blood raced after them growling.  Mrs Peasbody looked up from the fire place where she was bashing a small one over the head with a poker.  She had never seen Juno so fearsome because she had only ever seen her gentleness.  Michael and Joseph raced out of the front door which was wide open.  They smelt burning and out of the darkness their eyes adjusted to a large bonfire and in the midst of it strung up, were Dragon and Miriam.
“Oh no,” cried Joseph what can we do?
Michael bit his bottom lip furiously.  Find the fire extinguishers and try and put the fire out. 
“You’re joking man,” said Joseph, “that fire would be a no hoper for the fire brigade let alone. Me.”
“Find the extinguishers,” repeated Michael, “use them and pray and the gods will help you…I’m going after Ada and Juno”
Somehow, Joseph and Jake developed super-human strength and they managed to drag the fire extinguishers from the kitchen and hallway walls.  Charles, Hazel and Mrs Peasbody ran around looking for more.  Jake and Joseph rushed over to the burning pyre with Dragon and Miriam perched on the top as the flames were getting closer.  Jake looked in horror as Dragon removed his artificial eye and threw it towards them.  It was melting and the heat of it was obviously hurting him. 
“Quick,” shouted Jake, “let’s do something now.”
“It’s a futile experience,” said Joseph, “but let’s get spraying…”
Jake stood behind the pyre and Joseph stood in front.  They raised their extinguishers simultaneously and Joseph prayed for the help of gods he didn’t believe existed…
Zeus looked down at the flames.  He sighed.  This chap, Joseph, he is asking for my help….but I can’t be bothered…but I will do something…
Joseph and Jake were joined by the others, all armed with extinguishers, but they were fighting a losing battle, as the flames were getting higher, nearer to Miriam and Dragon.  “We can’t win,” shouted Joseph, “we need help.”
The sky darkened.  And through the clouds, Joseph saw a woman with long, dark wavy hair, riding on the back of a huge bird, like an eagle only much larger.  Following behind her was torrential rain.  It rained and rained and very soon the fire fizzled to a halt.  Jake cheered and they set about freeing Dragon and Miriam.  
Joseph looked up towards the sky which was becoming lighter, he saw the women disappearing into the sky, taking the rain with her.  She heard his prayer and helped him.  She was a goddess but he didn’t know who she was but she had saved the lives of Miriam and Dragon.

Michael ran into the woodland surrounding Ada’s house.  His eyes darting back and forth.  In the dim light, he saw Ada’s pearl necklace suspended on a branch.  Good.  He was going in the right direction.  An awful smell pushed its way into his nostril and he knew that he was getting nearer to the hellish gargoyles.  He stopped to recover this breath when he heard a blood curdling scream...

Juno had a rag stuffed in her mouth and was trussed up like a pig on a spit.  Ada had been pegged, spread eagled to the ground.  Her clothes had been ripped from her.  One of the gargoyles, with weeping sores on its body was standing astride Ada, a huge throbbing purple penis was growing beneath its legs.  He spewed some kind of foul bile over Ada and she let out a blood curdling scream as the vile thing crouched to penetrate her.  At the same time another gargoyle started to ignite the rag in Juno’s mouth.

The gargoyle didn't know what happened.  It’s huge penis was spit in two.  Michael wielding a machete.  Then it’s head was quickly decapitated from his body.  Quickly, Michael cut the ropes and kicked the pegging away from Ada.  “Get up,” he shouted, “I have to save Juno.”
He ran over to where the rag had just been lit and Juno was beginning to smoulder. He tore the flaming rag from her mouth.  He sunk to his knees and exhaled loudly and water, like from a rushing stream, surged from his mouth and bathed Juno in healing water.  The water contained tiny ripples of golden water.  He did this twice and then crumpled to the ground.  Ada cut the rope from Juno and helped her to the ground.  The dog lay next to Michael, gulping for air.  Then got up onto her feet, her coat was singed but she didn't look too bad.  She spotted a couple of gargoyles slinking away into the forest and then with an almighty growl, she flew into the air pouncing on them.  She showed no mercy and ripped them to pieces.
Ada clasped Michael in her arms and then she lay his head on her lap.  He opened his eyes.  “Where am I?”  
She smiled at him.  “We needed you and you saved us.”  

Michael and Jake watched Sir Ranulph Shankling from a small white van parked on the other side of the road from the health club.  Mrs Peasbody and Juno were sitting in the back, hidden from view.  “How long do you think we should give him?” asked Jake his voice was trembling slightly and Michael noticed sweat on his forehead.
“I think we should make our move in about 10 minutes, he’ll be in the pool, or going in by then.”  Michael looked in the rear view mirror at Mrs Peasbody.  “Do you still want to go ahead with this Mrs P?  If you don’t I understand and Jake and I can handle the situation, easily.”
Jake gulped.
Mrs Peasbody’s eyes shone like amber  “Young man I wouldn’t miss this for the world.  In fact, it’s what I’ve been waiting for…”  
Carefully they alighted from the van.  Michael and Jake were casually dressed, wearing woolly hats like they were joggers.  Mrs Peasbody was in a velour-type tracksuit that was fitting for a lady of her age.  They made their way to the health club where Michael swiftly allowed them to gain entry.  

The pool had a spectre-like glow in the just -before dawn light.  It was a large pool, expensive looking Magnolia-coloured mosaics patterned the walls and swept down into the pool itself.  Large marble pillars which protected the pool made it look like a scene from a Roman gods bathing session.
The intricate skylight was closed, but high above the pool, hidden by lush foliage was Michael.  On entering the building he removed his casual gear and was dressed as usual, from head to foot in black: merino wool polo neck, mole skin trousers, and soft Italian loafers.  He spied everything in the darkness, to him it was as if night was always day.  He looked around and quickly located Jake crouching near to the diving board, dressed only in tight black Speedos.  Strapped across his chest was an Eickhorn Pohl hunting knife.
The water rippled, an artificial blue which dazzled Jake’s eyes.  He heard a soft padding and as his eyes adjusted to the brightness of the pool, he saw Juno slinking in and out amongst the shadows.  He’s here as well, thought Jake, Michael’s here but I can’t see him.
He heard another noise, this time a human one: a person flip flopping quietly across the mosaic tiles.
Even though he knew that there was no one around to see him, Sir Ranulph sucked in his stomach.  For his age, and with the help of one of his plastic surgeon pals, he retained a slim figure, minus love handles.  His shoulders were muscular and matched his strong legs.  The only giveaway to his age was the silver hairs which started at his chest and then delicately tapered to the depths beneath his designer swimming trunks.  He was going to dive from the board and Jake trembled as he approached, but then Sir Ranulph changed track and eased himself into the pool.  Jake’s eyes registered surprise – he assumed that Sir Ranulph would power through the water doing a macho crawl, instead, he trundled the water, exhibiting a delicate breaststroke.  His head held at a strange broken angle.  Jake guessed that he did not want to get his bouffant silver hair wet.  His swam to the side of the pool and breathed deeply, flicked quickly on his back and moved purposefully through the water, oblivious to the state of his hair.  Jake smiled to himself, he was not that vain after all.  Sir Ranulph turned again; about to launch himself into the crawl that Jake originally wanted to see.  But then he stopped and trod water, because he realised he was not alone in the pool.  
Thrashing through the water like a torpedo, clasping a smaller version of Jake’s hunting knife was Mrs Peasbody, focused on revenge.  Before Sir Ranulph could move any further, Mrs Peasbody grabbed his right foot and pulled him under.  Her bird-like body took on a new strength in the water, where she always felt so at home.  Sir Ranulph was taken completely unaware as Mrs Peasbody pulled him down and down until they were both submerged.  He panicked and started coughing, Mrs Peasbody was pushing him deeper and deeper and he knew he was drowning, murdered by some mad midget.  Then he turned and caught Mrs. Peasbody by surprise with a karate slice that he remembered from lessons as a teenager.  
Jake sensed something was wrong due to the violent ripples in the water.  
From his roost high above, Michael could see deep into the water, and what was happening beneath it.  But he did nothing.

Mrs. Peasbody fought him like a tiger even though he had hurt her.  They were pushing each other and then both rose to the surface both coughing and spluttering.
“Who on earth are you, you maniac?”  The surgeon pushed hard on Mrs Peasbody’s crown, trying to get her under the water but not succeeding.
“Don’t you know?” Mrs Peasbody struggled and removed her bathing cap.  “Don’t you know,” she gasped, “you murdered my husband.”
He looked at her, fear in his eyes because he knew she would only be happy when he was dead, but on his life, he couldn’t remember her at all…  She was just some mad old hag and he was fighting for his life.  But he was not going to let her snuff out his chances of a knighthood and a new mansion on the Wentworth golf estate...
He grabbed her hair and pushed his other hand into her face, putting on pressure until she was under the water and she dropped her knife…
Jake leapt from the shadows into the pool, quickly reached Mrs Peasbody and dragged Shankling away from her and swiftly, without thought as to whether it was right or wrong, expertly cut the man’s throat with his own knife.  Shankling struggled briefly, twitched and then he was dead.  His blood and his extravagant life blended with the turquoise of the water and ebbed away.  
Juno emerged from behind a large potted plant.  She padded over to, the edge of the pool and looked Jake straight in the eye.  It was an unnerving stare and it chilled his core.  She knows he thought, somehow she knows.  
From his eyrie Michael watched.  “It’s okay girl, it’s OK,” he thought.
Jake swam over to Mrs. Peasbody, she was hanging on to the edge of the pool and her knuckles were raw and bleeding.  Jake put his arm around her, “Are you okay?” 
She smiled at him, and he could see that her face was badly battered.  “Yes my dear, thanks I feel awful but I’m alive and we did it didn’t we?  We killed him.  That’s all that matters to me.  My darling husband’s gone…  But now that bastard he’s gone too hasn’t he?”
She looked to Jake, just like someone’s favourite granny, albeit a beaten up one.  Yet she had thrown her morals and her softness away and had fought to kill Sir Ranulph  
Jake grinned which softened his angular features, “Come on Mrs P, let’s get the hell out of here.  We’ve got to get dressed…  We have to get out as quickly as possible; security will be here any minute.  It’s time for the regular patrol.”  
“Of course, my dear, but just give me a few minutes please, I just need to be alone here, just for a moment.”
“All right, but don’t take long.  I’m going to get dressed.”
Michael watched them uneasily, and began to climb down a huge tree back towards the pool.

Without warning the atrium opened and cold air gushed in, reminding Jake of the dead man’s last breath, frozen to his soul.  And with the cold, terrible gusts blew in a huge black cloud.  It violently shook the branches of the tree that Michael was on.  It made Juno’s ears pin back and the fur on her back and her legs was ruffled and the water sprayed from the pool drenching her.  Eventually she was blown off balance and was caught in the draft and started flying around the room.  Michael lost his footing and fell from the tree; the sound of bones crunching, as he landed on the unforgiving marble floor.  Jake was forced to do somersaults, because the wind was so brutal, he was being blown all around the pool area, crashing into the columns, smashing to the floor, and then being blown up towards the atrium, really suffering.  This is because of what I’ve done he thought...it’s someone else’s retribution on me!
The monster black cloud twirled and swirled and dived straight into the pool, where Mrs Peasbody was still clinging on to the side, she was lifted by the force of the wind, flying high towards the atrium and then she dived down, probably the most forceful dive of her life straight down, straight down, straight down to the bottom pool, and then it dropped her…  She smashed, all her bones, completely broken.  She didn’t even have time to cry out.
Michael slowly pulled himself from the floor, his face bloody, his mind disorientated, and dived into the pool straight into the eye of the black cloud.  He dragged Mrs Peasbody to the side of the pool, Juno was back on her legs and she nuzzled the old lady gently and gripped on to her swimming costume with her large pointed teeth, and helped Michael get her out of the pool.  They lay down: Michael, totally exhausted, Mrs Peasbody, and then finally Juno.  
As suddenly as it had begun, the black cloud departed, swirling up and away and fizzling out of the atrium.  The departing wind let its murderous fingers drop Jake and he landed with a thud near to the others .  “Oh man, what on earth was all that…  Mrs P, she’s dead isn’t she?”
“We were visited by the devil,” remarked Michael, in between trying to breathe.  “He wants retribution too.” 

This wasn’t what should have happened; Mrs Peasbody wasn’t meant to die.  Michael and Jake carefully removed her body from the pool and put her in the car.
“What are we going to do?” asked Jake.
Michael’s face was white and his blue eyes were almost the colour of frost.  “I think the best thing we can do is take her back to her own flat.”
Jake looked shocked.  “Is that wise?”
“Probably not, but it’s the best I can do.  I can make it look as if she died in her sleep.”  He phoned Ada, she was distraught and horrified.  She told the others and they all decided to go to Mrs Peasbody’s flat to pay their respects.
“It’s not safe,” said Michael.  He was worried that the devil and his cronies might be on the lookout.  But Ada was adamant.  “I’m sorry Michael; it’s something that we all want to do.  Something we must do.”
Juno looked on as Michael gently laid Mrs Peasbody on her bed.  Surrounded by photographs of her beloved husband.  Hazel thought she saw a tear trickle down the dog’s cheek.  But that was impossible, she was just a dog.  
Michael laid his hands on Mrs Peasbody.  She was still in her swimsuit and gradually the awful wounds she had incurred in the water with that dreadful thing faded into nothing. He was exhausted.   Every time he used his diminishing powers it exhausted him.  He needed to sleep.  Jake and Joseph helped him to Mrs P’s sofa where he slumped into a deep sleep, like a baby developing in the womb.  Charles was like a statue seated in the corner.  His face a granite texture and colour.  
In the bedroom Ada and Hazel prepared Mrs P’s body.  They found a warm flowered nightdress and dressed her in that. They sprayed lavender water which they found on her dresser over her body.  
“She looks happy,” remarked Hazel.
Ada smiled, “Yes she does.  But I didn't want her to die this way.”
“Of course not.”
Ada looked sad, “But I expect she’s with Henry now..”
“It’s funny,” said Hazel but I never knew her first name.”
“It was Edwina,” said Ada, “Edwina Peasbody...She was just a normal woman, who just wanted retribution.  I just hope she hasn’t died in vain.”

When Michael awoke from his sleep, he could see that Ada and Hazel had got Mrs Peasbody ready.  “She looks lovely,” remarked Michael, “so peaceful.”
“Well,” said Joseph, “I suppose that’s because justice has been done.”
Charles looked blank, “Has it?” he remarked.
Michael sighed, “Yes, for Edwina Peasbody, justice has been done.  But as for the rest of you...” 
Ada looked at Michael who seemed very angry with Charles she thought.
“Look folks,” Michael continued, “we must all leave now. I’ll make a call pretending to be a concerned neighbour worried because I haven’t seen Mrs P for a while.”
“Won’t the police be suspicious,” said Jake, “like the fact that her body’s hardly decomposed at all.”
Michael looked serious, “when we leave here folks, her body will turn quickly...come on let’s go now.”
“But we’ll be seen by everybody,” said Hazel.
“Everyone form a big circle, Juno in the middle and then clasp hands and close your eyes.”  Michael was getting impatient.
“Why?” said Charles.
“Just do it.”
They experienced light then dark and an awful feeling of something crawling within their skin.  When they opened their eyes they were all standing in Ada’s hallway at her home in Kent.  Joseph looked at the clock.  “Good grief,” he said, “we’ve lost a day...I don’t believe it, it’s a day later.”   He looked outside, “and all the cars are back as well.”
Charles grimaced, “Is this the work of the devil as well?”
“No,” said Michael, “it’s the work of me.”  And then he collapsed.

They were a sombre group.  They had lots of questions to ask Michael but he was too exhausted, Charles and Jake took him to his room, he wanted to sleep until early evening.  They had dinner that evening but no one was really in the mood for speaking.  Miriam and Dragon served the food but they too were too upset to eat. They had liked Mrs Peasbody very much, they had grown to love her quirky ways.  And now she was no longer with them... 
“Well,” said Joseph,” tossing a crayfish salad around his plate, “what happens now?  I know that you don’t want to focus yet Michael.  But we, as a group, need to carry on - one down and five to go…”
Charles looked up from his plate.  “What do you mean?  One murdered and five more to kill?”
No one said anything.  
“Look everyone, we’ve all had the day from hell,” said Michael, “let’s try and get a good night’s sleep and have a discussion after breakfast.”
“How can you expect us to sleep after all this?” said Charles, “One of us has been murdered and we couldn’t do anything to stop it – besides haven’t you had enough sleep for today, first at Mrs P’s and now here?”
Michael looked at him; his eyes were the colour of natural gas.  “Tomorrow.”
******
Zeus put his hand in his pool and rippled the water and the Retribution Club faded from view.  Oh Michael he thought, you still have so much to learn.  You’re not ready to return...not yet.

Charles showered then once ready for bed he looked out of the window.  The moon was high in the sky.  Full and a blazing red colour.  He thought he saw the man in the moon looking at him but that was just a fallacy from his childhood.  Now he was an adult his magical beliefs had gone.  He suddenly felt chilled and quickly put on his pyjamas.  He looked outside again and in the darkness he saw two figures.  His heart leapt.  Had the devil come for them again?  He was about to call Michael when he realised it was Joseph and Hazel.  And they were kissing.  He turned away.  He was not a voyeur.
He could feel himself losing control.  His life now was surreal.  Was he really becoming a murderer, just because he loved his dead son’s memory too much?  Was this what he really wanted?  Retribution?  He turned over the bedclothes and crept in.  Shivered.  Cried and sucked his thumb as he thought of the man in the moon.  He wished he would come for him and then he fell into a reckless kind of sleep.
Outside Joseph kissed Hazel deeply.  He couldn’t stop and she didn’t want him to.
Ada cried herself to sleep.  She didn’t know Mrs Peasbody very well.  They were just two people who joined up for a time because they shared a gross injustice together.  They bled the same blood.  But now Mrs Peasbody had left them prematurely.  And Ada just couldn't understand why.
Jake was freezing.  He sat in a hot bath.  Today and what had happened had made his head revolve.  He was in such a dangerous place and he had no idea how he was going to escape.
Michael fretted.  He screamed.  He cried.  He wanted to be where he belonged and it was not on earth.  Juno pushed her wet nose onto the palm of his hand.  But even she could do nothing to lessen his pain.  She watched on with serious eyes as he reached for the whisky bottle which was on his bedside table. 
In a another world in another time, the devil rubbed his hands with glee.  It was happening.  His victims were beginning to doubt themselves.  Soon he would be calling the shots.


Joseph put his arm around Hazel.  It was a balmy night and even though they had been through so much they decided it was a beautiful night and they wanted to witness it outside of the house.  What had happened to Mrs Peasbody was a terrible thing but it was a wakeup call for them to reveal their growing feelings for each other.  Although they would have been horrified if they had known that Charles had been watching them because they didn't want to go public yet.  
They were about to go back inside the house when Joseph pointed out a shooting star it was high in the sky and it was racing towards the house.
“How absolutely wonderful,” remarked Hazel when she saw it.  “It’s a sign of good luck. Perhaps the tables will turn now....and we’ll all be back on track.”  She kissed him and he felt himself slowly changing.  All his beliefs and wisdoms were going out of the window.  Strangely enough it was a change that he wanted.  But then he felt the guilt arrive and it oozed out of his pores.  Surely Kieran meant more to him than his new, heterosexual affair.
“Let’s get inside,” he said, winding up the passion, “the star looks as if it going to crash land on the house”.
Hazel looked up surprised and saw a brief puff of smoke, “why you’re right it does.”  And still arm in arm they went inside.
It was not a shooting star.  It was the man in the moon.  And he had come for Charles, like he wanted him to.

The large egg landed with a thump on the roof.  The impact caused it to shatter and a vile smell of rotting flesh emanated from it.  It was so strong that it woke Charles from his fitful sleep and he got up to close the window and then lapsed back into his strange lonely dream.
A creature was born that night.  A hateful thing which had evolved from man’s desire for evil.  It was part troll and part banshee.  It emerged howling from the green and yellow pus of the rancid egg.  It rushed along the roof on all fours.  Eyes glowing like the depths of hell.  It was getting bigger and bigger by the minute.  Its body covered in warts and coarse hair.  It began sniffing and snarling.  Searching for Charles.
Ada was having a fitful night.  She imagined she could hear something scurrying along the roof top but that of course was only in her dream.
Hazel slept close in Joseph’s arms but she woke up briefly when she heard the sound of something running down a drainpipe.  Probably a rat she thought.  Joseph slept on, dreaming that Kieran was lying in his arms.  He smiled in his sweet dreams and kissed Hazel’s forehead.
Jake lie in bed petrified, drinking vodka and smoking.  He knew something was going to happen.  Fear travelled down from his thoughts into his bladder where he could not help himself.  He urinated.
Juno listened from her position next to Michael’s bed.  She heard it but then she already knew it was coming.  She looked at Michael.  His eyes were shut, his breathing rapid.  He was not sleeping, he was somewhere else, she knew that.  But would he get back in time?
She stood up.  Legs apart, head down, growling quietly as the fur on the back of her head stood up and her tail started beating furiously.


Charles was dreaming now of his childhood.  His father was an army man and his early years were spent in Germany.  Charles had hung onto his German beginnings and remained fluent in German.  Then the family moved to Cyprus but he really didn't have much contact with his parents, both he and his sisters were always in the care of nannies and guardians.  He remembered Lomax the black Scottie, bought for his eighth birthday...
He was awakened from his re-acquaintance with childhood by the scratching on his window pain.  He sat up in bed, not sure where he was.  The bedroom had become freezing cold: there was ice on the inside window panes.  
He stumbled out of bed and went over to the window.  He knew that he did not want to, but he forced himself to pull back the curtains.  He found himself looking at the most awful face ever, sort of half-human half monster.  It looked at him with cyclamen pink eyes and then smiled showing ancient yellow, crumbling teeth.  “Let me in Charlie,” the demon said, “I’m the man in the moon and I want you...”
Charles wanted to scream but could not.  The demon now at least 7 ft tall, crashed through the window and landed opposite him.  Charles looked at its awful scaly body, covered in patchy foul smelling hair and he believed he was going to die.  He would be reunited with his son he quickly thought.  But not in the circumstances he wanted.
The demon grunted and put a clawed hand on Charles’s shoulder.  He crouched so that his face was near to Charles’s.  When it spoke its voice was low and rumbling like an awful thunderstorm about to start and his breath smelt like Hades, or what Charles thought Hades smelt like.
“I want you, Charlie, very much,” said the creature.
Charles looked in horror as a huge penis appeared between the demon’s legs.  He was powerless as the demon turned him over, ripped his pyjama bottoms from his body and penetrated him.  Charles screamed harder than he had ever screamed in his life.    The demon screamed higher and higher, experiencing deep pleasure for the first time.  As it came to orgasm, it shuddered and screamed in such a vile way that Charles covered his ears. It had violated his body and he did not want it to violate his mind.
The bedroom door flew open.
Ada ran into the room, her hair flowing around her shoulders.  The thin straps of her nightdress had slipped down her shoulders.  The demon pushed Charles down onto the bed and turned to her face her.  “It’s your turn now....”  He laughed as he made his way towards her.  His awful encrusted talons reached out to the front of her nightdress and ripped it down.  Leaving her scratched breasts exposed.  Ada screamed and Michael heard.

Michael stood in the doorway.  Ghostly pale.  His irises and pupils had merged with the whites of his eyes and he looked completely blind.  Juno growled at his side in a crouching position.  
The demon was squeezing Ada’s breasts and he looked up at Michael.  Michael pushed Ada out of the way and released a spray can he was holding.  And sprayed directly into the demon’s eyes.
The demon bellowed.  Grabbed his throat, his awful eyes began to bleed and his nostrils ignited and pale, floppy flames began devouring his face.  He fell to the ground and as Jake, Joseph and Hazel arrived he shrivelled up before everyone’s eyes until he was just dust.
Jake looked stunned, “What on earth was that stuff you sprayed on that creature?”
“Cockroach spray,” said Michael and the colour returned to his face and eyes.

There was a whimper from the bed, Charles was writhing in agony.  Ada rushed over to him.  She looked at his body and grimaced.  “He’s badly injured.  He’s almost ripped in half, such was the force of that brute…we’ve got to get him to a doctor.”
“No,” said Michael, “it’s too risky.”
“Can you heal him?” asked Jake, “after all you’re a god.”
“No,” said Michael, “I can’t.  You want Jesus Christ for that.”
“Well then,” said Jake, “we get him a doctor quick.”
Michael went to protest but the look on the others faces made him to decide to say nothing.
Ada quickly called her Kent GP and made up a story that they had found Charles mutilated in his bedroom.   She knew that the GP would probably not believe this and would insist that Charles be taken to hospital and also call the police.  Michael said that he would deal with this.
Dr Sayer arrived in his nippy yellow Morgan.  Ada red eyed and tearful, showed him upstairs where Charles was lying, screaming out in pain.
“Good God, Ada this man is seriously injured.  He needs to be hospitalised immediately.”
“No Dr Sayer that’s not possible.  Please can you treat him?  For me?”
“Ada.  This man’s losing blood.  And he’s in pain.  He needs urgent hospital treatment.” 
Ada grabbed the doctor’s arm.  “We can get you blood if you need it but you must treat him here.”
Dr Sayer looked flustered and frightened.  “Ada it’s not right, we must get him to the hospital for a transfusion...”
Michael walked up to him and placed his hand on the GP’s forehead.  “You have the power to treat him here.  We can assist.  There is a donor card in his wallet.  His blood is O positive.  How much will he need?”
The GP looked stunned.  “I would have thought about 4 pints but 6 to be on the safe side.”  The doctor looked dazed, “Where can I scrub up?”
Ada showed him to the en suite bathroom in Charles’s room.  She looked at Dr Sayer, he went through the motions thoroughly washing his hands and returned to his bag in the bedroom to check if he had the necessary instruments.  She was aware that he looked like a zombie on autopilot – his movements were rickety and disjointed.  She knew that Michael had done something to him.

Michael and Juno got out of Ada’s small Fiat.  They were standing outside the local hospital.  They walked up to the security gate.  A huge security man was speaking into a mobile.  He stopped talking when he saw Michael and Juno.  “No dogs allowed in the hospital.  No visiting now as it’s the dead of night, unless there’s an emergency.”
Michael stared at the man.
“Did you hear what I said to you,” said the man.
“Yes,” said Michael, “I heard you.  I have an emergency, “I would like you to get me 6 pints of O positive blood please.”
At first the man looked surprised and then his surprise turned to laughter.  He was laughing loudly when Michael struck him in the middle of his forehead and sparkling flames shot from his knuckle.  Michael keeled over; using more power had exhausted him.  Juno crept to his side and nuzzled his ear.  He came to in time to see the huge security guard returning with a metal box which he gave to Michael who quickly opened it and checked the amount of bottles and also made sure they were all the correct blood group.
“Thank you,” said Michael.  But the man couldn't see.  His eyes had been burnt away and there were just two calcified eye sockets let behind.  As Michael and Juno walked away, the trance left the man and he started screaming.
You win some, you lose some thought Michael.  He had read the man’s mind and knew that he was a paedophile who enjoyed pornographic photos more than anything else.  Well you won’t be able to see them now thought Michael and he laughed as dawn began to break.  Juno wagged her tail.

The GP looked at Ada.  “Can you help please,” he said, “we must stem the blood flow quickly.  This man has lost a great deal of blood”
Michael looked in the bedroom.  “We’re back,” he said, “I have the blood...do you need some help?”
Ada looked relieved.  “No.  It’s okay, I’ll do this.”

Dr Sayer, sipped his tea.  “Thank you for helping Ada.  You did very well.”
Ada smiled, the GP appeared to recover from his strange manner while patching Charles up.  “Thank you for helping Charles, I really appreciate it.”
He sighed and looked at her with his frank GP’s eyes.  “I only did it Ada because I respect you very much and Barney was my friend.”
“Thank you Dr Sayer.  But I appreciate it.  Very much”
“But it is my duty to call the police you understand that don’t you?”
“Of course,” said Ada.
“What happened to him?  What caused these injuries?  He’s been sodamised  but I’ve never seen anything as bad as this before.”
Michael who had been looking out of the window into the dark beyond, turned around and came and sat next to Ada on the sofa.   “We’d been out for the night but our friend Charles didn’t feel well so he stayed behind.  We’ve just got back and found him like this…He said he’d been attacked.  Raped.  But he didn’t know who the attacker was.”
The doctor frowned, “Well whoever did this to him wasn’t human.”

Ada showed Dr Sayer to the front door.  “Thank you again you have been wonderful.”
He looked sombre, “I’ve given him 5 pints of blood, stitched him and shot him full of antibiotics so he should be okay now.  I’ve left him some oral and intravenous antibiotics and pain killers.  You must make sure he takes them.  Your friend, Michael said he could administer the injections but when I get home I’m going to call the police.”  He noticed the look on Ada’s face.  “I’m sorry Ada I have to.  You know that.  But he’s been so brutalised that I must let the police know that there’s some maniac on the loose.  Also, he really needs to be in hospital.”
Michael grabbed him gently on the shoulder.  “Thank you very much for coming Dr Sayer.  I will see that Charles gets the best treatment.  Don’t worry.”
Ada saw an electric blue current pass from Michael’s eyes into the doctor’s ones.
The doctor turned to look at them both.  He smiled.  “oh I’m sorry, I don’t know what’s happened to me it must be because it’s late but I’ve forgotten what I was going to say.  Oh yes I remember now.  Just keep him warm and give him his medication.  Your friend’s just had a very bad attack of flu.  He should feel better in a few days.  But of course, if he doesn’t just call me and I’ll come out again.”  He looked at Ada.  “Will you be holding the fete in your grounds this year?”
Ada smiled, “Of course.  Good night Dr Sayer.”
She went back into the lounge where the others were waiting.  Michael followed her slowly.
“What did you do to him Michael?  He doesn’t remember what he really saw.”
“I changed his memory.  I had to. He would have gone to the police otherwise.”
Jake looked petulant.  “Will he remember ever?”
“I would imagine so,” said Michael, “but by that time he will be a very old man and it won’t matter.”
Hazel looked concerned, “But what if he remembers sooner than that?  Then he’ll go to the police.” 
“You have my word,” said Michael, “he won’t say anything.  Let’s change the subject now.”
They all looked warily at each other but never questioned Michael.
“How’s Charles now?”  Jake’s voice was shaking.
“He’s zonked out.”
Hazel’s face was pale like putty. “His injuries…they looked awful…”
“They were remarked,” Ada, “but he’s received treatment.  Provided he keeps taking the antibiotics and the painkillers, he’ll recover.”
“But what about his mind?” said Jake.
Michael looked sombre, “That will never recover completely.”    

The electric storm came on like rapid appendicitis; Dr Sayer didn't know that a storm could invade so quickly.  He rounded the bend too quickly and he was unable to control his little sports car on the slippery road.  He crashed full on, into an old oak tree that had been in the same spot for hundreds of years.  It had seen everything in life that there was to see, except...
Michael emerged from the driving rain, his blue eyes glowed like halogen lights.  He opened the driver’s door and Dr Sayer’s head fell forward.  He managed to open his eyes and looked straight into Michael’s. 
“Ada’s friend,” mumbled the GP, “you’ve saved me...my neck it’s so stiff....”
Michael smiled, “Yes.  I’ve saved you.”  He put his arm around the doctor’s neck to support it and felt it break cleanly in his hands and he cried.  Juno was by his side and she cried in unison.  

From his bedroom window Charles watched buds appear on the trees, and then leaves.  Soon he saw beautiful cherry coloured blossom on the trees which swayed at the rear of Ada’s fenced in part of the garden.  He imagined what it would be like to walk amongst those blossoms and to inhale the sweet smell as the sunlight penetrated the perfume.  But he knew that he would never do that.  Because he never wanted to leave the bedroom again.  His physical wounds were healing but the psychological ones remained, strong and awful.  To have been violated by that laughing, leering monster had broken his soul.  So much so that he never thought of his murdered son.
Ada could feel his frame of mind.  She knew that he would never really recover from what had happened to him.  But she wanted him to improve because she was eager that the Retribution Club did not lose sight of its goal.  Charles’s cause was the next one that would happen.  But she knew that he would not be strong enough.  She didn’t want to feel that she was losing control but it seemed like it.
She mentioned this to Michael but he looked at her and said nothing.  He had adjourned inside his own private shell and she found it difficult to make any kind of conversation.  The others were getting restless too: they wanted action.

Charles was propped up in bed.  He was meant to be reading a book but it hung precariously from the bed, abandoned in his limp hand.
There was a tapping on the bedroom door.  But he didn’t notice.  Ada looked around the door before entering.  She was carrying a breakfast ray, with a boiled egg, soldiers, orange juice, coffee and fruit compote.  Good morning Charles,” she said, “here’s some breakfast, just eat what you can.  I’ll open the curtains so that you can see to read if you want to.  It’s going to be a beautiful day when the sun eventually breaks through.”  She opened the curtains and bright, angelic sunlight danced through the window.  “How do you feel today?  Any better?”
Charles looked at her with bloodhound eyes.  There was no fire in them, just an acceptance of death and whatever else it entailed.
“How would you feel you stupid cow if you’d been buggered so hard that your innards were hanging out of your arse.”
Her alabaster face said everything but before she could reply Michael and Juno appeared in the room.  “Good morning Charles,” said Michael.  “After you’ve had breakfast you can get bathed and dressed and take Juno for a walk in the grounds.  It’s going to be a lovely day.”
Charles glared at Michael.  “Yes, I’ve already heard that.”
“Don’t take it out on Ada.  It was an awful thing that happened to you for sure.  But none of this is her fault.”
Charles looked at Ada and then he looked at Michael.  “Isn’t it?  Who formed the Retribution Club then?”

Michael looked at Charles and his eyes with navy blue, not that Charles noticed.  “Charles,” said Michael, “Ada formed the Retribution Club.  But it’s not her fault what happened to you.”
“No,” he replied, “well whose fault is it then?”
Michael had had enough.  He looked harsh, “Yours.  It’s your fault.  You yearned for the man in the moon.  And he took up your offer.”  He walked out of the room, leaving Charles looking like a zombie.
Ada rushed after him.  “Michael, that was so unnecessary.  Can’t you see how traumatised he is?”
Michael studied Ada’s face before he decided to speak. Her face was beautiful, more so than anything else he had seen on Mount Olympia.  And then he looked down at the dog, she was growling slightly.  A jealous growl.  He smiled at her.  “She is lovely in a different way to you my love.”
Ada turned and looked at Juno.  She was puzzled, what on earth was Michael going on about.
“Charles is a grown man Ada.”
“Yes,” said Ada, “but being brutalised by a monster was not something that he thought would ever happen to him...
“Some things Ada happen in our lives.  Things we can’t control.  It was the work of the devil.  We can’t stop him.”  He looked sad and he also looked very tired.
She followed Michael down the stairs.  “I’m so worried,” she said, “do you think he’ll ever improve?” 
“I don’t know,” said Michael, “I really don’t know. But his injuries have healed but I don’t know whether his mind will ever forget.”
But in reality he did.  What happened to Charles would fill his nightmares forever.

Later on in the day Ada allowed the others to visit Charles.  But it was not a successful venture, as Charles refused to communicate.  Jake was visibly shocked and could not stay in the room for long.  
Ada caught him crying in the garden later.  To begin with he was watching the birds as they went to roost and then later on she saw the tears which crept in a child-like way down his face.
“You really like Charles don’t you.”
Jake smiled, a hopeless type of smile.  “Yes - he’s obstinate and cantankerous I know.  But he treated me like a son from the first day.  I just can’t stand what’s happened to him.  He didn’t deserve that.”
Ada clasped his hand, “You know he thinks a lot of you too.  He needs your help now, so just be kind to him and support him.”
He smiled and noted the winsome beauty stretched across her face.  To begin with when he first met Ada he thought she was the consummate ice queen but now…well now he could see the woman she was, boiling in the pot, someone who would take her passionate beliefs to her grave.  “Have you noticed something about Charles though Ada?  He looks older and frail.  He looks more like my granddad now than my father.”
Ada knew there was something wrong with Charles and it just wasn’t the brutality of the attack which had left him zombie-like.  Like Jake she had noticed that Charles was looking tired and old.  Old like a very old man who had lost his will to live.  She looked at Jake and he looked through her and caught her soul.  “I think he’s just in trauma.  But time is a healer…”
“Is it?” said Jake, throwing her soul back at her.
She inhaled deeply and caught it.  “No,” she stated clearly, “it’s a lie.  Time doesn’t heal anything.  It just refreshes the memory.”  She walked away from him and went off in the direction of the house.  “We must do something to help him and help him quickly,” she said to herself.

Charles could not be persuaded to come down for dinner.  So the five of them dined in the conservatory with Miriam serving up a wonderful pot roast.  It was dusk and Dragon took Juno for a stroll in the grounds.  Juno looked up at the darkening sky ready to catch the stars in her mind when they arrived.
They made small talk over the wine, a good year Burgundy which Charles would have approved of.  Ada tried to steer them towards the topic on her mind.  The next murder.
She was actually getting impatient and really needed to know what the others wanted to do, what they thought about things.  It appeared that Charles was not going to be in any fit state to even think about his so-called act of retribution let alone commit it.  She asked the others what they thought they should do. 
Michael was reluctant to say anything or help her out verbally.  Hazel looked po-faced and said that they should wait a couple of weeks to see if Charles’s health improved.  Joseph didn't have any real views.  In Ada’s eyes he was becoming insignificant and clingy towards Hazel.  Jake had his own demons to conquer but he still had Charles’s best interests at heart.  If Charles wants retribution, then we give him retribution was what he said.
Ada thought about what they had all said for a while and then said that really they had three options: to get Charles fit enough to carry out the murder, to do it on his behalf – if he wasn’t well enough; or not to do it all. 

The days passed into weeks.  Spring arrived in Kent with an almighty force.  Blossom sprung open on trees and the smell devoured the area around Ada’s house.  Grass which had been bald and muddy became thicker and a delicious dark green.  The birds were vocal in the trees and foxes and rabbits ran across Ada’s lawns, bolder than they had been during the winter months.  
But Charles was getting worse.  Before their very eyes he was aging rapidly, like his body had been set on a very fast forward.  He was no longer dapper looking.  He was all skin and bone, hunched and doddery. His thick head of iron grey hair had deserted him and all that was left was a pure white down that coated his head like a thin layer of talcum powder.  His face skeletal looking and when he spoke it was a high pitch mumble.  He was only in his mid fifties but he looked and acted like someone in their nineties.
“Isn’t there something we can do to help him?” said Ada, “he’s fading before our eyes.”
Michael was sombre.  The steeliness had left his eyes and they were sad and open looking.  Juno paced at his feet, her tongue hanging out and her ears flat back on her head.  Michael licked his full lips.  “He’s dying Ada.  And there’s nothing I can do.  It was the rape by the monster.  It’s poisoned his body.  There’s nothing anyone can do now.”
“Not even the gods?” Ada was defiant.
Michael looked sheepish and down at his feet.  “I can’t do anything...but I’ll see if something can be done...but I don’t know what.”
Ada looked at him.  “Please try Michael.  Please.  His life depends on it.
“I know of one god,” said Michael, “Asclepius – he can even heal the dead.”
Juno screamed out and wailed like one of the dead, waiting for healing.
“Can you call upon him then?”
Michael laughed, “No I can’t call upon him.  I am living as a mortal and my powers are diminishing by the day.  We would have to travel to the healing temple at Epidaurus in Greece, I may be able to conjure him up there.  But I don’t know if he will help.  He doesn’t like me much.”
“Whereabouts in Greece is Epidaurus?”
“The Peloponnese.”
Ada’s eyes illuminated.  “I‘ll make arrangements.  We’ll travel to Epidaurus as soon as possible.”

The next morning Ada set about travel plans to Epidaurus.  She discussed it with the others and they were all in agreement that she and Michael took Charles.  No one else would go.  Michael decided that it would be easier and safer that way.  Juno would be looked after by Jake.
Ada arranged flights to Athens and then a hire car where they would drive to the Peloponnese.  She booked a hotel in Epidaurus for them.
Ada and Hazel helped pack Charles’s belongings for the journey.  Ada did not know whether he would still be alive when they reached Greece.  She had decided to say that she was his nurse and Michael his helper because she had to alert the airline staff that he would need wheelchair assistance etc.  She told them that he was suffering from a terminal illness which is why he looked so old.  As they were packing his things she found his mobile phone, the battery had run down. She found the charger and recharged it.  She could not help but notice that he had received several text messages from someone called Saffie.  She remembered Charles telling her, what seemed ages ago, now, about his ex-girlfriend, the Pilates teacher.
Ada was upset because the texts from Saffie seemed to show that she was still in love with Charles.  It would be awful she thought if Charles died and Saffie was not by his side.  She told Michael that she wanted to get in touch with her so that she could see Charles again. Michael was angry; in fact he flew into an awful rage that Ada had never seen before.  He told her that he was worried because it was too dangerous letting in an outsider.  But gut sense told Ada that Saffie would be shocked and horrified about what had happened to Charles but that she would be trustworthy.  
Ada contacted her.  Saffie lived in London but would come down to the house that afternoon.  She could come by train and Michael would meet her at the station.

Michael was waiting at the station when Saffron arrived.  A couple of women got off the train but he found no difficulty in recognising her.  She was tall and elegant with thick chestnut brown hair which matched the colour of her eyes.  She wore a simple outfit of navy blazer and pale blue jeans with black patent pumps.  Michael thought she looked a million dollars.  He got out of the car.  “Saffron?”
She smiled as if they had once been lovers.  “Michael?”
Michael nodded and escorted her to the Bentley.  Inside, she adjusted her jacket and put her seat belt on.  “You know what; I’ve never been in a Bentley before.”
Michael reversed the car out the parking bay and turned and looked at her.  He loved her South London vowels and her exotic looks, he knew why Charles was attracted to her.  She was completely unaffected.  “Guess what?” he said smiling, “neither had I until I came to work for Ada.”
They drove, in silence down country lanes festooned with May blossom.  He noticed her cat-like eyes widening as she surveyed the beautiful scenery. They took a bend fast and nearly collided with a sleepy milk float.  The driver waved at them and Saffie waved back.
“Cool.  If that happened in London you’d get shot.”
Michael nodded in agreement.  “How did you meet Charles?”
Saffie laughed and the sound was like wind chimes.  “I teach exercise and Charlie wanted to get fit.  He had let himself go after the death of his son…well one thing led to another…and soon Charlie and I were an item.  There was an age gap but we got on so well.”  She looked sombre, “You know I really loved him and I wanted us to get married and have a kid and everything. But he was so hell bent on revenge that was all he ever thought of – and then that bloody retribution club came along and well, that was the end of that.”
Michael swallowed hard and turned into the grounds.

“Wow.  That’s some house.”  Saffie’s eyes widened.
Michael pulled up outside the main entrance and Ada rushed out to greet Saffie.  “Hello, I’m Ada, I’m very pleased to meet you.”  They embraced quickly and Ada led the way into the lounge.
“Wow this is really something.  Are they prints or Hockneys?”  The paintings that hung over the fireplace were exciting.
Ada laughed.  “Would you like tea – they’re Hockneys”.
“I’d rather see Charlie.”
“Look please sit down.”  Ada’s tone was serious, “I need to explain to you about Charles first.”
Saffie sat with her mouth slightly open as Ada explained more about the Retribution Club.  She did not want to explain about the devil and the awful monster and the rape but she realised that she had to.  She did not want to lie to Saffie, she respected the girl and she could tell that she really cared about Charles.  When she had finished speaking she sat back in her armchair.  Tossed her hair around her shoulders and waited for Saffie’s reaction.
“I didn’t really know about the Retribution Club, well what it actually was.  But I found the ad that Charlie had cut out of the paper.  So I knew something.  I asked Charlie but he was secretive and accused me of prying...but he was touchy about things anyway – cap on toothpaste, no ring left around the bath.  That sort of thing.” 
Ada looked sympathetic.  “But Charles shut you out of his life.”
“Yes I think he was so hell bent on revenge for his son’s murder that he couldn’t think clearly.  He wiped me out of his mind.”  She clicked her fingers.  “Just like that…Look I don’t care what he’s done or hasn’t done.  If he’s injured I want to help him.  I want to see him.”
Ada smiled.  “Of course you can see him.  But you must remember he’s ill.  But we are going to get him help.”
“Please let me see him.  Please.  I want to help too.”
Ada felt like a jailer leading Saffie up the stairs.  She opened Charles’s bedroom door.  The heat blasted Saffie back.  The room was so hot because Charles was a very old man and he felt the cold.  He didn’t like the light so the curtains were drawn.

He was facing the window, sitting in an armchair that was far too big for his fragile frame.
Saffie approached gently.  “Charlie,” she cooed.  “It’s me Saffie, I’ve come to help you.”
The old man struggled to turn round in the chair that was his prison.  His wrinkled weather beaten face contorted with happiness and his eyes tried to sparkle.  He grimaced, exhibiting ancient yellow teeth that were beginning to crumble.  In the recesses of his mind, he remembered the name Saffie but couldn’t remember why.  Yet her voice was like a choir of angels to his ears.
Saffie took one look at him and screamed.  

Michael and Jake tried to control her but she was out of control.  “That’s not my Charlie,” she screamed, “what have you bastards done to him?”
Ada pushed herself in front of them and slapped Saffie harshly around the face.  “Pull yourself together.  I told you it would upset you to see him.  But you promised you would help.  Charlie needs you.

Saffie sat in an armchair, looking at the Hockneys but not seeing them.  She sipped the camomile tea from the large mug which Ada had given her.  “Ada, I’m sorry that I was hysterical.  It’s just that I can’t believe what’s happened to my Charlie.  It’s just too awful to think about.”
Ada nodded and looked concerned.  “I know Saffie, it’s more than terrible.  But we need you.  We want you come with us to Greece.  We want to try and get help for Charles.”
Saffie looked at Michael.  “I like you Mike, you’re a straight talking guy and I like you Ada.  And I love Charlie, I want him fit and handsome again.  I can’t quite get my head around all this talk of demons and devils but I’m coming with you.”
“Great,” said Michael, “I can run you back to London to get your passport and then we can meet Ada at the airport.”
Saffie smiled, and patted her bag.  “It’s here.  I always carry it with me.” 

Michael slipped out of his seat belt and walked towards the toilets at the rear of the plane.  For some reason, he didn't know why, he had a great desire to walk down the aisle.    He was searching but for what he didn't know.  He walked around and then returned to his seat.  It was safe for the man wearing the red fedora to come out of the toilet.  He took his seat as the “fasten seat belt sign” switched on.
Michael glanced briefly at Ada, he could see she was suffering because of her ears.  He looked at Saffie and Charles.  Charles was whining quietly like a baby, he was wrapped up snugly in a rug, and Saffie, dressed as a nurse comforted him.  We should have used Ada’s private jet after all, he thought.  But I wanted us to appear like normal people but so many people have stared at Charles.  We would have fared much better if we had done what Ada wanted.  She has the money – well they all do and we should use it.  He sighed and closed his eyes ready for the descent.
Athens airport was below them, lit up like a giant electric circuit.  Ada felt the aircraft’s wheels lower.  Slowly the plane began to descend. She held her hands over her ears to stop the awful earache she had developed.  Swallowing hard and sucking on a boiled sweet did nothing for her.
The plane banked slightly to the left because of a strong wind and then recovered and made a textbook landing.
In the early hours it was decidedly chilly on the tarmac as the temperature had dropped. Michael sniffed the air.  Greece.  Even if it was just an airport.  It was magical.  He felt that he really was on his way home.  The mountains that formed Olympia returned to his thoughts.

They found their hire car and once Saffie and Charles were safely in the back they set off. It was a three hour drive and the sun was starting to rise, like a huge flaming globe, reminding Michael of home.  Charles started whimpering in the back, like a wounded animal and then his breathing became difficult.  If we don’t hurry up thought Ada, it will be too late.
Eventually, as the sun moved towards the new day, they arrived at their destination; a small village supposedly 15 minutes drive away from Epidaurus.
Michael helped to get Charles out of the car and then they made their way to the pre-booked pension.  There was a room for Ada and Michael and one for Saffie and Charles.  Michael said it was best to wait for nightfall before they visited Epidaurus and hopefully Asclepius would appear to them.  No one noticed the man wearing the red fedora as he checked into a room near to theirs.
The day was hot and the air dust ridden.  The village they were staying in was not the most picturesque of places: a dry barren looking place dominated by stray dogs and even more stray cats.  A really mangy looking black one had taken to following Ada around as she tried to explore the village.  The villagers were not friendly and did not appear to welcome tourists.  They went into several tavernas but each time they were turned away because the owners said that they didn’t offer meals to tourists, only locals.
Eventually, down a dusty track hidden by trees they found one run by a grizzled, one-eyed old man and his pretty granddaughter.  Ada and Michael were ravenous and when they sat down, their nostrils were filled with wonderful smells of cooking.  Even Saffie smiled when she caught the aroma.
The granddaughter served a wonderful Greek salad and a mouth watering beef and macaroni dish.  It was simple but delicious.  The old man brought them water and a carafe of rough retsina wine.  He looked at Charles as much as he could.  Although old, the man must have thought he was a mere boy compared to Charles’s ancient face.
Fortunately for them he did not want to make conversation and the granddaughter smiled sweetly.
“What time do you think we should set out tonight?” asked Ada as she finished off her salad.
Michael sighed, “I think if we leave about 11pm that would be a good time.  We need to get to the temple quickly and then be away as soon as possible.”
“Why?” asked Saffie in between feeding small pieces of macaroni to Charles who by now was in an unresponsive state.”
“Because it’s not safe around here.  It’s the devil’s land.”

It was 10.45 at night.  Ada looked out of the bedroom window onto the main street.  A deep wind blew causing dust and debris to dominate the area.  How desolate it is she thought and shivered.  It was like the end of the world.  The night sailed in like a ghost ship and she shivered again.  There was no one on the street at all.  She went next door to help with Charles but Saffie had nearly got him ready.  “He’s been crying a lot,” said Saffie, I think he remembers who I am and what he was.  I pray we‘re not too late to save him.  He means so much to me.”
“Of course he does” said Ada, “I’m sure Michael won’t let us down...Come on Michael will be waiting and it will take us some time to get Charles into the car.
Michael was leaning against the hire car.  He was not happy because something was not right.  Why was that awful wind blowing?  Where were all the people?  
Above them flying around, looping the loop was the man wearing the red fedora.  His face looked like the surface of hell with vivid purple spots and pockmarks like craters.  The whites of his eyes were jaundice yellow and both the irises and pupils with blood red.  He was laughing so much that he caused the wind to blow furiously and move clouds over the village that were originally on the other side of the world.  “Tonight.  Tonight,” he screamed, and it registered as thunder in Ada and Michael’s ears.  “Tonight Hermes dies.”
Michael looked up at the sky, not knowing what he was looking for as he helped Saffie and Charles into the rear seats.  Ada slid into the seat next to him.  He started the car and before he could drive away the thunder started again, even more loudly and then the lightening began, followed by violent rain.  It lashed the windscreen like the river of no hope.  The car’s windscreen wipers were of no use and Michael ended up driving blindly.
“Perhaps it would be better if we waited until this stopped,” suggested Ada.
“No,” said Michael, “it won’t get any better only worse, I know that for sure.   What’s more we have to get to the temple by midnight.  If not it will be too late and Asclepius will have gone and I don’t know whether we can summon him again…but it will be too late for Charles.”
“Please,” Saffie’s little voice croaked from the rear of the car.  “Please help Charlie.  Don’t let him die.”
Michael nodded and put his foot down on the accelerator.  The man in the red fedora surfed over the car on the back of the wind bringing even more rain, thunder and lightning which cut across the car like electric blue fingers of hell.  The road became a river and the car slid dangerously as Michael fought to remain master of the steering wheel.  There was a loud thud.  Something landed on the windscreen, cracked it and then slid off under the wheels of the car.  Michael brought the car to a halt.  He got out.  Saffie screamed, “We’ve killed someone.”  Ada ignored her and quickly followed Michael into the driving rain.
Michael turned over the body lying in front of the car.  It was covered in mud and blood.  It was the old man from the taverna where they had dined earlier.  “Is he dead?” asked Ada.  
“It looks like it…can you help me move him to the side of the road?”
Together they pulled the body to the side of the road.  “There’s nothing we can do,” said Michael, “we can’t inform anyone now.  There’s no one around.”
Michael made his way back to the car.  Ada followed.  Behind her, the old man from the taverna sprung to life.  His glass eye fell from the socket and his face was a pale mask of death.  His toothless mouth was full of vile pointed fangs.  He jumped onto Ada’s back and attempted to sink the fangs into her neck.  She cried out in terror.  Michael just returning to the car, heard her and rushed back.  He knocked the old man off Ada, just before the fangs made contact with her skin.  He wrestled him to the ground.  The old man started shouting in a foreign tongue.  He was foaming at the mouth and his remaining eye was going back in his head.  Yet he was getting stronger.  “Get me a branch or something wooden,” he shouted at Ada.  Quick.”
Ada found an old fence paling sticking out of the mud.  She grabbed it and gave it to Michael.  He took it and then forced it through the old man’s heart impaling him to the ground.  He hissed and screamed and turned into some awful demon and then he turned back into the gummy old man.
Michael sighed, “he’s really dead now.”  He closed the old man’s vacant eyes.
“What on earth was he?”  Ada was trembling
“Just an old man that the devil used to turn into some form of vampire,” said Michael.  
“You bastard, you’ve killed my grandfather…”
Michael turned around and looked into the face of the old man’s pretty granddaughter.  Although she was no longer pretty.  She had developed a murky green scaly body and her face was grey with red rimmed eyes and the long yellow fangs favoured by the undead.  It was ironic thought Ada that the girl was still wearing her pretty flowered summer dress.  Somehow it seemed odd attire for a vampire like demon.
The girl lunged at Michael baring her awful fangs.  Michael pushed her back and bright, silver light flew from his fingertips and made the form of a large sparking cross suspended above the girl who looked up saw it and started hissing and spitting.  The cross fell towards her and as it made contact the girl exploded into flames that soon extinguished in the mud.  Michael fell to the ground, exhausted as more power had left him.  Ada had to drag him to the car.  
“Thank God you’re back,” said Saffie, “there have been some pretty strange people wandering around...they looked like ghouls all ghastly white faces and blood red lips.”
Ada pushed Michael into the passenger seat, he was too weak to drive.  “They were ghouls but don’t ask,” he whispered, “we’ve got to get to the temple.”  The rain petered out leaving a mist which was akin to that found in the Scottish Highlands.  As Ada drove, Michael was aware of various vampires flying past him, some dive-bombed onto the windscreen but none of the others noticed.  Michael was protecting the car with his mind.
At last they hit bumpy ground and a dirt track. In the eeriness of night Ada brought the car to a halt. 
In front of them was the temple of Asclepios, the Greek god of healing.

It was midnight.  The sky had cleared and beautiful stars roamed high in the sky sparkling like mirrors as they twinkled and shone towards the temple.  A couple of shooting stars raced across the sky causing small iridescent skids in the velvet of the night.  Fooling some into thinking that dawn would break suddenly and lift them up into a new day.  The moon peered between the crumbling ruins, casting its pale wonder over anything that caught its glance.
Before their eyes the temple ruins were rebuilt and once more, it stood in the splendour of millions of years previously when the gods ruled.   
“Where is he?” whispered Saffie, “the guy that can heal my Charlie?”
Michael looked up to the sky.  “He will come.”  And Michael hoped he would, because if didn't Michael knew that he would no longer be accepted by Ada or Saffie as he could feel in their souls the beginning of resentment.
The wind whispered to the trees, and small fires struck up between their bushes.  Ada was startled but then she realised what was happening: the burning trees were forming a runway.
The wind arrived and sand lodged in their eyes.  They could barely stand up.  The humming became louder.  Ada looked up into the darkness of the sky.  A shadow passed over the moon.  And she thought she heard wolves howling.  Michael stood erect.  His hands outstretched ready to guide something to the ground.  The force was stronger and Ada, Saffie and Charles were blown to their knees.  But Michael remained.   
Then everything ceased.  No wind.  No noise.  Ada slowly pulled herself to her feet and looked up straight into the dark eyes of Asclepios, a god.
He was about 10ft tall and he looked down on Michael with an expression of bemusement.  Around his waist, writhing, were two serpents and he carried a staff with an engraved snake on the handle.  He was dressed like a beggar in rags.  When he spoke, Ada’s hair blew around her face.
“Why have you called me?”
“I need your help,” replied Michael.
“You,” laughed the god, “you who Zeus pushed from the sky in disgrace...”
Ada looked at Michael, she was interested.
Michael frowned, “Asclepios....this is not the time or the place.  I called on you for help...you owe me.”
The god laughed, “I do?  Oh yes I do don’t I.”  He smiled and Ada no longer looked frightened.
“Well then,” he continued, “what is it?”
“It’s not for me.  I want you to heal my friend here.”
Asclepios laughed, “So you are mixing with mortals now...like I used to.  What’s wrong with the old man, he’s nearly dead anyway.”
“He’s not that old,” said Michael, “he was attacked by a demon and it’s turned him into this ancient thing.”
Asclepios frowned, “how did the demon injure him?”
Michael bowed his head, “he was raped.”
“Raped?”
“Yes.”
“And that action caused this?”
“Yes,”
Asclepios frowned again, “I see.  I think the demon has poisoned his bloodstream...bring him closer to me so that I can see him.”
Saffie brought a tottering Charles forward, so that he was standing directly in front of the god.
He smiled at Charles, “I’m going to make you better old man.”
Ada heard a noise behind her and turned around to face a pack of the biggest wolves she had ever seen.  She wanted to cry out but instead she tugged at Michael's arm.  He turned around and looked straight into the amber eyes of one. But it was not a real wolf. The devil had sent the pack...

“Be quick Asclepios – Satan has sent these creatures.”
Asclepios searched in his ragged pocket, and pulled out an ancient bottle with a crystal stopper.  Charles had fallen down by Asclepios’s feet.  The god pulled him up on his feet, “Drink this old man.”
The howling of the devil wolves grew louder.
“What on earth are you making him drink?” screamed Saffie.
The wolves were getting nearer.  Ada could smell them.
“it’s blood from the right side of the gorgon.”
Saffie looked horrified, “the one with the snakes in her head?  And who turned men to stone?”
Michael winced, “the very one...but Charles’s has to drink it quickly...the wolves are getting nearer.”
“I will have to leave soon, make the old man drink,” instructed Asclepios.
Saffie took the potion from Asclepios and guided the bottle to Charles’s gummy mouth.
A wolf jumped up at Ada, its large yellow teeth grabbing her arm.  She screamed out in pain, frightening Saffie and causing her to drop the bottle before Charles managed to drink any.  The Gorgon’s blood poured onto the floor.  Michael moved forward to try and get the wolf off Ada’s arm, which was pouring with blood.  An even bigger creature jumped on Michael’s back.  
“I have no more blood,” Asclepios said, “get the old man to lick it off the floor.  Quick.  I have to leave soon, the sun will be turning over the temple.  I have to go else I will turn into a mortal - something which doesn’t appeal to me.  Two wolves hurled themselves at him and he tried to protect Charles.  But the wolves fearlessly attacked him and were bringing the large god to his knees.  The snakes around his waist spun furiously into life and were hissing at the wolves.  Their tongues forked, dangerous, armed with poison.  
Michael kicked a wolf demon to the ground and rushed to Charles to help him drink the evaporating blood. Saffie screamed in horror as the wolves developed wings and began flying directly towards her and Charles.  “He’s drinking,” shouted Asclepios, “he will recover...but I have to go, it’s not safe for me.”  A huge chariot descended from the sky and Asclepios jumped aboard, a wolf tugging at his leg.
No one watched him go; they were too busy trying to stay alive.
A wolf knocked Ada to the floor and was about to rip out her throat. Michael rushed over and grabbed the brute, breaking his neck as he did so.  But the wolves appeared to multiply as soon as one was dead two more would arrive.  But then the sky split as if hit by a thunderbolt.

An almighty growl erupted like thunder, only worse.  A huge black dog jumped from the sky.  Ada looked up.  It was at least 30 feet high, perhaps more.  The coat was shiny and waxy black.  The ears were pinned back and the eyes were bright and earnest.  It was Juno, only a larger and more ferocious version.  She picked up Ada in her huge mouth and flew her to a place of safety behind the temple.  Then she ploughed forth.  Emitting an awful growl as quickly and furiously she destroyed the wolves one by one.  She bit through throats, ripped the backbone from several and gouged out the eyes of others with her lethal claws.  The more they came the more she killed them.
Four of them were on top of Michael, ripping at his face and his limbs.  He could smell their fetid breath and when he looked into the eyes of one, he realised he was looking into the eyes of hell.
He saw his life that he would never have unfold in front of him.  What was he?  Just a fallen god.  There was no good trying to fight because Zeus had written the sands of time and his mortal life would stop now.   He thought of Ada.  Who would help her now?  He closed his eyes and remembered that he had been a god and a great warrior.
Juno stretched out a giant paw and crushed the lives from the wolves surrounding Michael.  He opened his eyes.  Fight back Michael she hissed into his mind.  Remember you are a god.  Michael stood up, weary and bloodied.  A sword appeared in his hand, and Ada watched in awe as he too grew to gigantic proportions in the night sky.  She watched as the silhouettes of Michael and Juno battled with the never-ending supply off demon wolves.  The sky surrounded them with a rainbow as the two of them battled to defeat the enemy.
The moon disappeared, and gave way to an insipid sun which crept slowly behind the temple, bathing Ada in weak warmth.  She opened her eyes.  How long had she been asleep?  She stretched and felt pain all down her torso.  She looked to the side of her.  Saffie was sleeping, and cradled Charles in her arms.  Charles was the old Charles.  His age and looks were beginning to be restored. 

Charles was laughing and crying, “Good grief I can’t believe it, I’ve been repaired.  Well more or less!”  He held up his left hand which was old and withered.
“What happened?”  Ada looked  concerned?
“The Gorgon’s blood evaporated.  There was not enough to heal all of his body.”  Michael walked towards them.
“I can live with that,” said Charles, “it will be a reminder of what I’ve become.”
“And that is?”said Michael.
“A man who has been given a second chance,” he replied.

On the plane back to the UK there was celebration.  Even though Charles had the withered arm as a reminder, he couldn’t wait to crack open bottles of his favourite Louis Roederer Cristal champagne.
In fact, he was dancing in the aisle.  He had his health and looks back.  Well most of them anyway.  Ada had used her private jet for the return flight. She called the pilot who was based in Jersey and he quickly got the plane ready and airborne within two hours and was soon with them in Athens.
They landed at Manston airport in Kent.
Faithful Dragon met then at the airport, the Bentley was purring quietly outside the arrivals terminal.  Soon they were meandering down the snake-like bends which led to Ada’s mansion. 
Hazel and Joseph heard the car crunch onto the gravelled drive and rushed outside to greet them.  Joseph greeted the women with a kiss and hugged Charles in a deep man-hug.  “You look great,” he said, “just like your old self.”
Charles nodded, “Well almost…” he held up his withered arm and hand.
“What happened?” Hazel looked surprised.
Charles laughed, “not enough of the snake-bite left to heal me I’m afraid.”
“It’s okay guys,” said Michael, “we’ll tell all at supper.”
Charles looked around, “Where’s my boy?”
Joseph raised an eye brow.  Jake stood in the doorway.  Ada noticed the tears in his eyes.  “Charles mate, how are you?”  
Charles started sobbing uncontrollably.  “It’s been awful son…but I’m back now…more or less intact…”
Saffie watched him with adoring cow eyes.  And Ada watched her.  Some day, she thought, Saffie and Charles will have a child of their own.  And it will be a girl.  Not a son.  Because Charles has found another son.
As Jake and Charles continued to embrace ,the devil did not like what he saw.

At dinner, Miriam and Dragon joined the Retribution Club members.  Miriam had made a wonderful roast pheasant and all the trimmings.  Charles was in good form and the champagne flowed freely once more.  He sat in the middle of Jake and Saffie but he never took his eyes off Michael.  Miriam and Dragon listened intently but they never added anything to the conversation.  I wonder what they really think, thought Joseph.
After dinner, they assembled in the library, Dragon brought them large brandies and then Miriam and he retired for the night.  Ada did not want them too involved.  They knew enough for now.  And she trusted them with her life.  But she was desperate to keep them safe.
She looked serious as they settled in comfy leather armchairs.  It was a chilly evening and Dragon had lit a small fire even though it had been a fine spring day.
“I can’t believe all that you’ve all gone through in Greece, in particular Charles,” remarked Joseph.
“It’s all behind us now,” said Ada, “we’ve got Charles back to his old self.  And we’re all safe…but now we need to carry on...”
“Charles, I know you think it’s probably too soon...but we need to get started again...how do you feel now about murder and our retribution?”  Ada’s words cut into Charles’s psyche.  He couldn’t forget Mrs Peasbody’s death and he couldn’t forget his own rape by that awful monster.  He looked thoughtful and he clutched Saffie’s hand under the table until both their palms were sweating.  He coughed, looked around, aware that all eyes were on him.  He took a large swig of brandy.   “Yes,” he whispered, so that Hazel had to move forward to catch his words as they disappeared into the acoustics of the library.  “I’m still interested...”

Sleep refused to come to Ada.  She was frightened the devil would appear in her dreams and what would she do then?  She thought a lot about her early life, her childhood.  Born into a house of Formica and lurid orange walls, enhanced with a bright green plastic settee.  A house where there was too much poverty and not enough love, well only for her sister, not a lot left for her brother and none for her.  She sniffed when the thought of her sister, they didn't get on.  She has often dabbled in the occult when Ada was a practising Christian.  But the vile murder of her daughter soon annihilated any faith she had.  She thought too, about her first husband.  She married him because she wanted to experience sexual love between a man and a woman.  The type she read about in magazines.  But it was always so mysterious to her.  She was locked outside a door of desire but she didn't have the key.  She went in with her husband but his love was of, the just come back from the pub type.  Nothing there then to turn her on.  But the best thing he did was to give her Sophie.  She had thought too much and as usual when the dreams did come to her, they were always of Sophie.  Even Barney’s death did not penetrate her darkest hours.

Michael could not sleep.  He was the guardian of the others.  So he prowled the house and grounds, with faithful Juno by his side.  Until eventually, the god of sleep claimed him too and backwards he fell to Olympia.  The only home he had ever known.  He could not remember being a young god but of course he must have been.  But then Zeus had stolen his memory.  He curled up on the bed, in a foetal ball.  He cried out when he dearly wanted to remember but could not.  Juno climbed onto the bed and she cuddled deep into his chest.  His hands tweaked her ears and cried because he wanted to remember his mother.
Jake was engulfed in a clammy sweat.  His mother haunted his dreams or were they nightmares?  He too cried out because he wanted someone to love him.  But not a mother’s love.  The bedroom door opened and the blackness of his nightmares.  She stood there.  She wanted him too.
Joseph couldn’t sleep.  He got up quickly and looked out of the window.  He didn't know what he was looking for but he presumed he was looking for the devil or a demon or something...But the only thing he saw was a brazen full moon, taking over the sky.  So much so that even the stars had been pushed out of place and had formed a squashed constellation just above the moon.  Hell, he wished he knew what that constellation was. 
He heard a noise, sort of grunting.  It sounded like a man and woman drifting in from one of the open windows further along the house.  He took a swig out of a water bottle and then went back to bed.  He laughed to himself.  It was Saffie and Charles getting reacquainted again.  

Saffie had fallen into a deep sleep.  She lay closely entwined with Charles.  He was not asleep.  He was frightened to go to sleep because he knew that one day the man in the moon would come looking for him again.  He wanted to make love to Saffie but he couldn’t find the courage.  During the day he was fine, but when it was dark that’s when he worried that the monster would return.  
Hazel took a shower and then a bath but she still wasn’t sleepy.  She tried to dream that she was in another place and that seemed to work.  But she had lost something very dear to her and there was only one person who could help her.  She walked towards the door....

Jake was very good at surveillance.  That’s why Michael picked him.  Although, he thought it wasn’t really surveillance that he was doing.   He was just going to speak to the bloke who had murdered Charlie’s boy.  He wished he could be travelling in one of Ada’s flash cars but Michael had said that would make him too conspicuous.  So he travelled by train to Taunton and then with difficulty hired a cheap car at the station.  He had got an appointment with the bloke, who after his release from prison, was living in a monastery.  Jake had pretended he was looking for work in the monastery and he was pleased to find out that the man he had to speak to was the murderer.  God knows how that happened, he thought but it was a stroke of luck for him.  It meant that he didn't have to nose around too much.  He couldn’t understand though what this chap was doing in the monastery.  Presumably he was some kind of casual help.  
The journey from Taunton, sort of calmed him as he made his way down narrow lanes heralded by juicy green trees and bushes.  He didn't encounter much traffic: a tractor, a battered ford and a man wearing a red fedora on a bicycle. He frowned as he overtook the man.
Within an hour he had arrived down the winding track which led to the monastery.  The sun slid brightly around the imposing building which stood amongst an array of flattened yellowing grass.  Something big has landed near here, decided Jake, and he meant big.
He got out of the car, and for some reason decided to lock it.  He laughed to himself.  Surely the car wouldn’t be stolen here?  He walked over to the Benedictine building.  He was surprised to see a modern buzzer near the huge brass and wood door.  He buzzed and tried not to look shifty.  He waited a few minutes and the imposing door creaked open.  “Mr Cotton,” a slim pallid monk was behind the door.
Jake smiled, “that’s right...I’m here to see Brendan Phelen.”
“The monk analysed him quickly with sharp brown eyes that were narrow set.  “Please come this way.  You can wait in the refectory.  Father Phelen is at prayer but will be with you shortly.”

Jake looked confused and he could see a slight smile spreading across the monk’s face.  He had no idea that the murderer of Charles’s darling boy was now a bloody priest.  Wait until he reported that back to the others.  The monk led him into the large refectory and gestured for him to sit on a hard wooden bench.  Jake winced as he sat down it was very uncomfortable.  He was not sure that he could sit there for long.  “There is tea and coffee and water, whatever you want,” said the monk, “may you find peace some day.”  His dark-eyes lingered too long on Jake who felt himself reddening and uncomfortable.  He wanted to feel burning hatred for the murderer of Charlie’s son.  But he found it difficult in this type of environment.  It seemed too religious for nasty thoughts.
He sipped strong black coffee and gazed out of an elegant ceiling to floor window.  I don’t think the fittings are original, he thought.  It was a calming view, an expanse of grass given over to grazing sheep and goats.  The sheep resembled fluffy clouds in a sky of leaf green.  Jake smiled.  And as for the goats well...
He didn't notice their malevolent expressions and bright red eyes.
He hardly heard the refectory door open.  But he heard a slight rustling of robe and a refined cough and he looked around straight into the open grey eyes of Father Brendan Phelen.

If ever a man was born to wear a priest’s robes then it was Father Phelen.  Tall and straight with good looks that only the Irish dare to possess.  His noble face, aquiline nose, those slightly opaque grey eyes framed by youthful laughter lines took Jake aback.  Firstly, he was not looking for someone as good looking as him.  Secondly, he was expecting a yob but got a cultivated angel.  He shook hands with Jake and he found himself enveloped in a grip of iron.  
“Would you like more coffee Mr Cotton?”  He looked at Jake and gently scratched his flaxen cropped hair.
Jake shook his head, “No Father I’m fine thank you.”
Father Phelen poured himself a coffee, black and right up to the rim of the mug and sat down opposite Jake.  “You’re not really looking for work are you?” 
Jake looked past Father Phelen and thought he saw his life flash by.  “No,” he said, “I’m not.” 
Father Phelen looked sombre.  “What do you want of me?”
“The father of the boy you murdered would like to meet you.”

Silence is always long when a shock has preceded it.  Father Phelen said nothing but he turned his head so that he could look at the same beautiful green vista as Jake.  He too, admired with his eyes, the gambling lambs and the strange goats.
Eventually he cleared his throat.  “Now why would he want to do that?”
“Don’t know,” said Jake, “but he does.”
“Has he forgiven me?” asked the father.
“No,” said Jake, “he hates you more than ever.”
Father Phelen clasped his hands in front of him, as if he was about to pray.  “I was a different person then...in a different place...it was a long time ago.”
“Not long enough,” advised Jake, “you’re out...my associate’s son is still dead.”
The father clasped his hands around his head.  When he looked at Jake again his eyes were watering. “Look, what I did was awful.  Because of that my life will never be the same again.  But I really didn’t know what I was doing.  I was caught up with drink, drugs, mugging.  Everything.”  He looked at Jake as if he was looking for sympathy.  “Then, I was doing the devil’s work...But now I do God’s work.  I know that I’ll never pay for my sins.  Every night when I go to sleep they come back to face me.  But with the help of God I conquer them until the next night...”
Jake looked directly at him.  “Will you see him then?”
Father Phelen smiled.  “I don’t know what will come of it.  But to help my own salvation and his...then yes I will see him.”
Outside the sunlight faded, overtaken by an awful black sky as if heaven was angry with earth.  In the darkness a wind howled and the gust became uncontrollable as rain beat down upon the refectory’s windows and lightening struck them with blue vein frenzy until the windows were completely blown away.  And then the devil rode in.

The air was mummified and brimming with mist swirling around his eyes.  Jake felt that he was dreaming but realised when he looked at his hand, seeping blood, he realised that his nightmare was in fact reality.  He smelt a putrid odour, straight from the bowels of the horse.  The devil was on horseback. A huge black stallion.  It’s eyes were blood-coloured and from its nostrils smoke and lava erupted.  All foul smelling.  The crimson devil, for such a terrible looking creature, could be no other, was skin free – just bleeding muscle and sinews.  He appeared shrouded in an awful red smoke.  The blood of all those unfortunates that he corrupted and who there was never any redemption for.  His face was skeletal and brutal, pouring down it was the thickest of blood.  Only dark sockets with red worms wriggling out of them where eyeballs should be.  He was at least, 12 feet fall and was seated on the gigantic horse.  It neighed and stomped with a truly terrifying urgency. The devil laughed out loud.  A terrible sound that caused both Jake and Father Phelen to cover their ears.  Behind them approached the awful red eyed goats.
“You,” the devil pointed at Father Phelen, “think you have redeemed yourself, just because you have forsaken me do you?  Well I’ve come for you now.  There’s no redemption for you.”  His tongue was oxblood red and shot out like a long serpent’s.  He turned to face Jake and there was an awful creaking noise, “As for you, you pitiful wretch...your day is done as well.  I will drag you screaming to my world.  I have given you money and now it’s payback time.  You’re not getting results.”  He laughed again and his vile teeth began crumbling and bleeding profusely.
Out of the corner of his eye, Jake saw Father Phelen, remove the large crucifix from his neck and threw it directly at the devil, landing straight into the middle of his skeletal forehead.  It grew golden wings and flew inside the devil’s skull.  The devil screamed with rage.  Around the wall of the refectory were oil paintings of angels and saints.  They immediately sprung to life and flew around the devil, sprinkling him with holy water.  The devil cried out in pain, the water was burning his fleshless body.  Somewhere, from the depth of his mind, Jake heard holy singing, a heavenly choir of angels...the devil screamed even more.  Their beautiful voices were burning deep into hell itself.  His stallion neighed furiously and reared up onto his hind legs.  The devil was having difficulty staying on board.  His voice was fraught with pain.  “Damn you Father Phelen.  I’ll see you in hell.”  The stallion rose towards the window.  Jake could hear the devil’s head and neck twist, like an old stone door being unlocked, as he looked towards Jake with those awful demonic eye sockets.  “I haven’t finished with you yet,” he said.  His voice crackling with thunder and lightning.  The huge horse flew from the window and out into an awful tornado.  Jake and Father Phelen clung to each other for fear of getting caught in the horse’s wind gush.
Just as it had arrived the awful storm quickly abated and when Jake and Father Phelen opened their eyes, sunlight was bearing down on them and all the windows in the refractory was intact.  It was as if the devil had never visited.  Except the goats were lying dead in the field.  Their red eyes turned to stone.

“Hey guy, now that’s some story,” remarked Joseph, “it’s really freaky.”
Ada pushed her plate away.  After hearing Jake’s recollection of the day’s happenings, she suddenly lost her appetite.
Michael stared at Jake and then he stared at Hazel but she returned his gaze with a fiery brilliance.  He stood up and looked out of the window.  Darkness had been brutal.  The day had been lovely, no thunderstorms or mini-hurricanes near Ada’s house but one minute it was hot, sticky sun and the next - a cool night, as black as pitch with only tiny stars pitted in the gloomy canopy to break up the human despair.  He pulled the heavy brocade curtains.  “Tonight’s not the night to be on show,” he said, returning to the dining table and helping himself to a fine malt.  “The devil’s getting more dangerous, more brazen.  We must carry on but quicker now, because he’s closing in.”
Ada smiled at Charles who was silent and clutching Saffie’s hand.  “Well, it’s up to you Charles - do you want to meet this Father Phelen?  Is there forgiveness in your heart?”
Charles was aware that all eyes were on him.  He could almost feel Jake’s long lashes pressing against his eyeballs.  He coughed and looked embarrassed.  “I’m sorry Ada.  Even after all that I’ve been through; I suppose there should be forgiveness, as I’m lucky to be alive.  But I still feel hatred for him...I do want to meet him but I just wonder if I can listen to him or whether I will want to strangle him with my bare hands?  I really don’t know.”
Michael coughed as well and Juno, faithfully at his feet looked uncomfortable.  “You must meet him Charles and then you can decide...whether you still want to murder him.  It’s up to you.  Either way we will stand by you, whatever you decide.

Jake was terrified at having to take Charles back to the monastery but Charles had decided that he had to meet with Father Phelen.  He wanted either to close a book or open a murder.
They were driven to the monastery by Michael who had Hazel for company.  Juno was lying stretched out on the back seat of the people carrier.  Michael decided to go along because he wanted to be around if the dark forces showed up again.  
It was the same monk who let them into the monastery and Jake escorted Charles along the silence of the cloisters.  It was a fabulous day, early summer sunshine and Charles could smell lilac and roses.  He should have been feeling upset, sad and angry but all he felt was peace.  
There was a hissing noise and they both looked frightened but then they laughed as an angry goose with four goslings was running towards them.  They stepped back to let them pass and mother goose did not stop hissing until she was long past them.   Charles looked at the cloisters’ grey walls peppered with a spring green moss.  He felt almost holy.  Jake clasped his shoulder firmly as out of the rose-pink showers of the corridors loomed the imposing figure of Father Phelen.

Damn you, thought Charles I want to hate you.  Instead, he held out his hand to the priest who clasped his hand in both of his hands.  “I’m so sorry,” said Father Phelen, “I hope I receive your forgiveness, but I know I don’t expect or deserve it - come this way please to the refectory...”  He glanced at Jake.
Jake shook his head, “No – it’s between you two.  I’ll wait here.  He sat down on a stone resting place built into the cloister walls.  He watched as the father clasped Charles’ shoulder gently; the two of them close as they glided out of sight.  Charles, linked physically to his son’s murderer.  
A gentle breeze flashed by. Jake caught the smell of a well known fragrance in his nostrils.  Whose perfume was it?  He smiled.  It was Hazel’s.

Charles sat in the refectory transfixed.  He couldn’t take his eyes off Father Phelen.  He couldn’t believe that this quiet, beautiful, cultured man had cruelly murdered his son.  His mouth was open slightly and he tried to mouth the words of Father Phelen, begging forgiveness.
Charles broke down and cried in front of him. He wished Saffie was with him.  She would know what he should do.  He buried his head in his hands and cried loudly, like a baby experiencing his birth.  The father put his hands firmly on Charles’s trembling shoulders.  Charles tossed them off in a childish outburst.
He looked up at the Father Phelen, he was standing in front of him and all he saw with his eyes was a man of God who deserved to receive his forgiveness.  But in the darkness of his mind, after all he had been through, all he saw was his son’s lifeless body, laying in front of a cashpoint, bathed in his own blood.  He looked deep into the sad eyes of Father Phelen and cleared his throat, but he did not need to,  he knew that the father could already see his reply, highlighted in his eyes.
When he thought about it later, he thought that perhaps he was dreaming.  It wasn’t really a loud bang.  Perhaps he thought it was a bird crashing through the window.  Or a branch falling from a tree, and landing on the patio.  But it did so much damage.
The bullet was quick and very neat.  It shot through the father’s temple, directly between his eyes, just like one of those fast Japanese trains.  There was no blood hardly, just a perfect little hole and a perfect little death.  Father Phelen died immediately.  Charles doubted whether he even had time to make his peace with his maker.  Charles and the son he murdered were probably the last two people on his mind.
Charles looked around, Hazel Begg was dressed all in pink and he thought he had imagined it but now he wasn’t so sure but the Springfield appeared to be smoking like the devil’s breath.

Michael ran into the refectory.  Hazel looked at him.  “Give me the gun please Hazel,” he said.  Hazel smiled, a shy smile as she passed the gun over to him.  
Charles started crying like a baby.  
“There there,” said Hazel, “it’s all right now.  I’ve made everything better.”
Jake, who had been waiting outside the cloisters heard the noise and rushed in and took in the scene.  He held Charles close.  “Michael man, we’ve gotta split quickly, someone’s coming.”

They huddled around the dining table.  Ashen faced.  Michael came into the room and everyone sat up straight-back in their chairs.  “How ‘s Hazel? asked Ada.
Michael grimaced.  “She’s okay.  She’s in a catatonic state.  No sign of movement.  Nothing.  Just staring.  Well she would be but her eyes have gone up into her head.  I’ve put her on the bed.”
Ada winced.  “I should go and see if she wants anything.”
“Trust me, she won’t want anything.”  Michael looked severe.
Charles looked shaken.  “Why did she do it?”
“I’m not sure...but I think I know.”
Joseph stood in front of Michael.  He tried to use his height to intimidate Michael.  “How about sharing then?”
Michael stood up; he was as tall, “Later Joseph.  Later.”  He left the room, quickly followed by Juno who had a wary look on her face.
Ada slumped back into her chair. “It’s all gone so terribly wrong.”
“It sure has lady.”  Joseph was unforgiving.
“I don’t know why she did it....I never asked her to...”  Charles looked terrified.
Saffie put her arm around him and moved closer to kiss him. “I know why she did it.”
They all looked at her.
“She did it because she’s the devil.”
“What on earth do you mean Saffie?” said Ada.
Saffie looked frightened.  She came into our bedroom one evening, Charles was asleep, but she looked different, she had horns and red eyes and she was chanting.”
Ada looked at her in disbelief and horror.  
“You’re lying,” said Joseph and his face flushed crimson.

Michael and Ada were breakfasting in the conservatory.  It was a beautiful, early summer morning.  Something that Michael really appreciated. When he was on Olympia the days and nights always looked the same.  When Zeus put him and Juno in the dark place they really suffered.  He knew what Hell was like.
He shuffled the scrambled egg around on the plate.  Mortals, they were always eating he thought.  He heard the sounds of the birds as they fought with their neighbours and watched, as Ada’s prowling ginger tom walked out of the conservatory and into the garden stalking the noise and then when it mattered moving like a panther.  But the Song Thrush was quicker.  The old cat was no longer king of the garden.
Michael watched Ada, demurely nibbling at toast and marmalade.  He wanted her.  He looked at Juno, asleep by his feet, oblivious to the garden antics of the old tom cat.  He felt momentarily ashamed and then he allowed the wave of lust that he was feeling for Ada to overcome him and float around his body.  Ada stopped breakfasting and stared at him.  She feels it too, he decided but then he compartmentalised his thoughts to sort out at a later time.
Joseph walked in.  He was smiling for the first time in weeks Michael thought.  “What’s for breakfast I’m starving....guess what?”  He shuffled the cereal around that was on a self service sideboard.  Quickly piled it up in his bowl.  Helped himself to the biggest fry up ever and then sat next to Ada.
Michael looked bemused.  “What’s up big guy?”
“It’s Hazel.  Her eyes have dropped down.  They’ve come back and she said hello to me.  I’m gonna take her breakfast in a bit.  Mind you it’s a bit strange...”
“What is?” asked Ada.
“Her eyes...they’re blue..”
“And?”  Ada sounded impatient and it surprise Joseph.
He returned her edginess.  Well they used to be brown...”

Michael jumped out of his chair and rushed out of the door, closely followed by Ada.
In the bedroom they found Hazel staring into space.  Just as Joseph had said her eyes were now blue.  Not a terribly vibrant colour but a pretty colour all the same.  Perhaps like a couple of washes of sky on a Monet painting.
Ada was intrigued.  “When we first met Hazel, her eyes were that pretty shade of blue.  I remember it clearly.”
Michael gently stroked Hazel’s face.  “Yes you’re right...but then they turned brown and I didn't notice...but I remember looking at her and thinking there was something about her eyes that wasn’t right...”
“What happened to her?  Why did they change colour?”
Michael shuddered as if someone was walking over his grave.  But he was a god and would not have a human grave.  “Her eyes turned brown when the devil invaded her body.”

Her voice tinged with sadness, Ada fought to speak.  “How on earth did that happen?”  Michael had never looked so serious.  She could tell that he didn't want to tell her.
He moved away from Hazel.  “I don’t really know...but I think it happened very quickly, probably when Charles was stuck to the ceiling in your barn...that episode.  I think the devil saw an opportunity so that he managed to take over Hazel’s mind and body.  It was the devil that killed Father Phelen, not Hazel.  Saffie was right when she said that she saw Hazel with horns and cloven feet.  For a short time she became the devil.  Well, he took over her life whenever he wanted to. She was his portal to us.”
Ada fiddled with a crystal heart fastened around her neck with a delicate chain and which ended at the beginning of her cleavage.  “I see. Where’s Hazel now?”
Michael smiled, “she’s over there of course.”
“Isn’t she dead?”
Michael looked solemn.  “No Ada, she isn’t.  The devil’s left her now...he has no more need of her.  But he’s left an empty shell, where a human being used to live.  He’s taken away everything.  Her emotions, her mental  ability – everything...”
It was Ada’s turn to smile.  “No not everything – look Michael.”
Hazel had moved from the chair and she was looking out of the window.  Her face was animated.  She was smiling and her wistful blue eyes were sparkling.”
“The devil hasn’t been able to take away her ability to love,” said Ada in almost a whisper.
Michael moved to the window to stand next to Hazel.  He saw what she was looking at.  It was Joseph, strolling around the grounds, smelling flowers, touching blooms.  Dipping his feet in the soft grass as if it was Tobagon sand.  And Hazel’s eyes were following him around with love and desire.

The Retribution Club took a back seat for a few weeks after what had happened to Hazel.  Ada flew back to Jersey she had Barney’s estate to put in order and also the Island was arranging a memorial service for its favourite son.
Joseph stayed at the country house in Kent.  He spent most of his time with Hazel, pushing her around in a wheelchair.  He also hired a private nurse to look after her and specialists to see in London.  But they all said the same – no hope.  Whatever had happened to her would stay in her mind.  But Michael had told Joseph that the devil had been in her mind. And Joseph knew that the real Hazel would never reappear.
Jake and Charles did some undercover work just to ensure that none of them could be linked to Father Phelen’s murder.  But it looked as if they were in the clear.  An opportunist thief was thought to be the murderer.  Michael was thoughtful enough to steal gold and other trinkets from the refectory and other parts of the monastery.  Then Jake returned to London.  He had “things to do”.
Charles and Saffie took a break in Turkey.
Michael was secretive, he borrowed Ada’s people carrier and took off with Juno looking bright eyed on the back seat.  He had “something to attend to.”  He boarded the ferry from Dover to Calais.  

In the steal of the night, Michael and Juno arrived in St Tropez.  Michael had rented a discreet apartment in a tiny street away from the glitzy quay and opulent yachts.  He had minimal luggage and he led Juno up a small series of steps and closed the door.  He checked his watch.  It was half past midnight and he did not like the smell of the place, so he opened all the tree-green shutters to let in the distinct aroma of St Tropez.  That was better.  He breathed deeply as his nose was assaulted by all sorts of smells: Gitanes, newly caught fish, expensive perfume intermingled with the smell of flesh and finally a magical whiff caught his nose, the smell of wild Maquis.  Something that always reminded him of Mount Olympia.  Even Juno had smelt it.  He could tell by the way she had bounded onto the small sofa and stretched her neck so that she could see the stars lying above them in a sky of naked black.
He scratched her glossy head.  “Stay here Juno.  I’ve got to go out.  And I can’t take you with me.  But watch over me.”
Juno shook her head as if she was nodding in agreement.  She lay down on the sofa, sighed and within minutes was in a deep sleep, dreaming of the wild Maquis.  She did not hear Michael leave but she was watching him in her dreams..  And someone watched her.  A man wearing a red fedora.
Michael loped around old St Tropez, quickly taking in the crumbling ice-cream coloured buildings and the louche young men with Freddie Mercury moustaches standing in the shadows of unlit alleyways and courtyards.  He ignored the old men, tumbled into heaps in the grassy squares, suffering the effects of cheap vin rouge.  Eventually he found what he was looking for: a dimly lit bar Le Cœur de la Mort, that appeared closed but when he opened the door, was throbbing with people. 
Michael walked in and straight up to the bar.  He looked at his watch, it was nearly 2am.  For a while everyone in the crowded bar stopped what they were doing and stared at him.  But then they must have found it boring because they continued as before.  The barman, looked like an evacuee from the Ottoman Empire.  He leant towards Michael and puffed himself up.  He asked, in French what Michael wanted.  Michael responded in fluent French.  Michael sipped Ricard.  The barman pretended to be busy, shunting glasses around on the table and then dusting off drinks.  Michael called him over.
“Can you help me monsieur?”
“Depends,” said the barman.
Michael removed a photo from his jacket pocket and showed the barman.  The barman looked at the photo, expressionless.  “I don’t know this person.  I have never seen them before.”
Michael put the photo away but not before he had registered the fear in the barman’s face.

Michael tucked himself away outside the bar, squashed into a narrow alcove that adjoined the tiny church opposite.  Whiling away the time, looking at the wonderful sky and smoking elegant menthol cigarettes with gold tips.  He had never smoked before until that evening and doubted he ever would again.  He glanced at his watch.  It was 4am, the bar would close soon.
The faint sound of drunken revellers as they fell out of the bar, reached his ears, but they did not pass by.  They mooched along a different street.  He looked at the powerful motorcycle parked nearby.   Footsteps echoed along the cobbles.  The barman had arrived.
“Mon dieu, what on earth....”  The barman was astonished to see Michael astride his bike.
“The photo....” remarked Michael, “you said you didn't recognise the person...you’re a liar.”
The big man looked mad.  He moved close to Michael so his breath was spewing forth into Michael’s pores.  “You’re dead,” he said to Michael.
Michael looked at him with his clear-blue eyes.  “No my friend but you are, if you don’t tell me what I want to know.”
The man clutched his throat.  He was choking.  He realised that unless he gave the stranger the information he wanted that he would never drive his bike again.  He began to feel lightheaded and he watched in horror as the flesh appeared to fall freely from his arms.  He was nearly unconscious and he knew that death was pushing her icy fingers upwards to claim him as her own.  But he was not ready.
He told the stranger all he wanted to know.
The next morning Michael gathered his thoughts as he pushed open the wooden shutters.  He loved silence.  He was born to it.  But unfortunately the world he now invaded was completely the opposite.  The watchful eyes of Juno rebounded on his neck.  He looked behind him.  “Good morning girl.”
The dog wagged her muscular tail, but she didn't get up from the bed next to his.
Michael went over to her.  “Are you tired girl.  Come on; let’s go down by the harbour for a nice walk.  But the dog couldn’t move her legs they had been completely bound together.
Michael stopped off for a cafe and a pain au chocolate in a small leafy square. He requested a bowl of hot chocolate for Juno, more milk than chocolate. The owner looked surprised but nevertheless carried out Michael’s wishes.  He was used to the eccentricities of customers who visited his café with their apricot and pale lilac coloured poodles whose nails matched the same colour as their owners.
Michael stirred his cafe au lait viciously until an impressive foam appeared on the top.  He wondered about Juno.  Who had tied her up so savagely?  She was okay when he came back last night.  It must have happened when he was asleep.  But that was strange because he never slept soundly.  He would have heard...and he heard nothing...he didn't hear Juno cry out.  Perhaps he’d been drugged, but he didn't think so.  He dipped his pastry into the large coffee cup and watched as crumbs skirted the perimeter.  He knew it was the work of the devil.  He was warning him off.  But he had to carry on; he needed answers.
They wandered along the quay and a boisterous Dalmatian chased around Juno who retaliated and chased the dog up and down.  Michael smiled, he wanted Juno to enjoy herself.  
“They are having great fun monsieur.”  
A tall brunette was staring at him.   She was wearing a tight fitting white t-shirt, extremely short denim shorts with the longest brownest legs ever.
“You’re lucky,” he remarked, “living here on this beautiful sunny day.”
She smiled and her teeth, he could see, were perfect and a natural white.  “Yes, it’s fabulous but not so much in the winter.  The days are rainy sometimes and the sun not so strong.  I hate it.”
She smiled widely and her lips were inviting.  But Michael could not really see her face properly as it was hidden by huge sunglasses with a midnight blue tint.  “Where are you from?” asked Michael, “you’re not French are you?”
The woman laughed, “No I’m eastern European originally but I’ve lived here for ages, since I was widowed...oh look your dog and the spotted one are back.  We have to go now.”  She turned to look at him.  Close so that he could smell her sweet breath.  He imagined that behind her glasses lay intrigue and beauty.  “I hope monsieur that we meet again soon.”
Juno’s growl was loud and the woman toppled slightly.  Michael looked down to chastise Juno and when he looked up both the woman and dog were gone.

Juno stayed close to Michael as they meandered along the small crowded streets of back-street St Tropez.  Michael was looking for an address in particular.  Eventually he paused outside a small crumbling building with handsome balconies decorated with pots of geraniums, the vibrant plants moved slowly in a lazy breeze.  Michael found the apartment number he was looking for and pushed the buzzer.
“Yes,” he said speaking into the intercom, “thank you for seeing me, I can walk up myself...I have my dog with me she is large but very gentle...can I bring her up with me...no, that’s okay, she’s fine with cats.”
Inside, the building was musty and Michael noticed that there were loads of fruit flies in the air.  There was a tiny, old fashioned, cage style lift.  He ignored it and bounced up the stairs instead.  Juno shadowed him.
At the top of the stairs, propelled on a stick was a short dumpy woman. She had messy grey curls and was wearing a flowered smock dress.  When Michael looked into her eyes he recognised the beauty that she once owned.
“It’s good of you to meet me Mrs Begg.”
“Not at all,” said Hazel Begg’s mother, “please come this way.”  She patted Juno on the head and led the way into her small apartment.

Michael settled down in the floral armchair.  Mrs Begg sat opposite him.  In her unfortunate floral dress she blended too much with the armchair she was now sitting in and Michael sometimes had difficulty seeing her.  Because although the shutters were open in the room, the windows were covered with heavy blinds.  “I have a rare form of glaucoma,” she remarked, as if reading his mind, “hence the blinds – the light affects me. But if you’re bothered...”
“No,” said Michael, “it’s fine.  Thank you for your hospitality.”  He sipped the jasmine tea she had made for him.
Juno was asleep, her head lying across Mrs Begg’s feet.  Mrs Begg sighed and sipped her gin and tonic.  “Oh I know it’s far too early for this.”  She pointed at her glass, “But I’ve got to have some pleasures.”
Michael, smiled.  He was about to speak when a large marmalade cat padded into the room.  It quickly glanced at the sleeping Juno and then bounded up onto Mrs Begg’s lap, very nearly knocking over the gin and tonic.  “Oh Thomas stop it.  Stop being so jealous of the nice dog.”  She scratched the cat’s head and soon he was purring contentedly.  Juno was no longer in his world.
Mrs Begg sighed again.  “Oh where do I start…my children…they were real live wires when they were younger.  My youngest nearly died at birth, very nearly strangled by the umbilical cord.  But....”  
Michael sat up straight in his chair.  He was intrigued by what he was hearing.
“I suppose you think I’m being harsh,” remarked Mrs Begg, “but I just couldn’t love my youngest...”
“Too naughty.” suggested Michael.
“Too evil,” Mrs Begg retorted.

Michael sat in silence while Mrs Begg was speaking.  Well over an hour had passed but he hadn’t really noticed.  As she came to the end of her speech, she sipped the remains of the gin and tonic.
He clasped his hands together.  “Would you be willing to come to the UK?  So all this can be confirmed.”
Mrs Begg shook her head.  “I’m sorry no.  My health is bad.  I left England many years ago with my late husband to settle here in St Trop.  He was the consul until his death…I used to return to the UK occasionally but I never liked it.  And England never liked me.   And now I’m too ill to go anyhow.”
She smiled at him.  “I hope you understand?
Michael smiled, defeated, “Of course.”
Mrs Begg read the disappointment in his eyes.  “But if you like I can type out what I told you and sign it.”
“You would be willing to do that?”
“Of course…I miss my eldest child…I loved him so much…and I would like to see justice being done.”
At the top of the stairs, Michael shook hands with Mrs Begg and said that he would return later that evening to collect the signed copy of Mrs Begg’s statement.  Juno wagged her tail and nuzzled the ginger tom who half heartedly hissed at her.
At the bottom of the stairs, just getting into the lift was the glamorous woman and the Dalmatian who Michael had met earlier.
She laughed, “Hello there, we meet again.”
Michael laughed.  It went through his mind like a bullet train that perhaps she was worth getting to know.  But then it was gone.  She waved good bye and the lift door closed.
The glare of the sun forced Michael to put on his sun glasses and Juno held her head low to the ground as they walked back towards their apartment.
Inside the lift the woman removed her sunglasses and her eyes glowed ruby red.

Michael thought about the woman.  She was certainly beautiful…but there was something about her.  Not quite right.
He spent the rest of the day with Juno, walking around, thinking.  Just being with Juno and remembering the past.  He felt that he had to do something.  He had to get back on track.  All this the - Retribution Club.  It was not him.  But what was him?
Juno was exhausted by the time they returned to the apartment.  When they got back to the UK he would get her checked out.  But where?  He couldn’t take her to a vet that was sure.  She was a goddess, not a dog.
He left her sleeping on the bed.  He would go back to Hazel’s mother, collect the statement she had typed and then they would drive back to Ada’s

The sky had been light a clear-water blue with sculptured fluffy clouds but now it had darkened.  Michael looked sombre as he acknowledged an ink spot cloud overhead.  It ‘s like hell he thought.  He approached the entrance to Mrs Begg’s apartment.  The wind was gathering and something twirled up from the floor and blew into his face.  He recoiled.  It was a bloody animal pelt.  He could see that it had once been ginger.
The door was wide open.  He didn’t need the intercom.  Inside there was a dank atmosphere.  As if the small foyer had been lying at the bottom of the ocean.  It was dark and he couldn’t see anything but he thought he made out moss growing on the wall.  As he walked there was a crunching sound.  His eyes were beginning to adjust and it looked as if he was walking over large sea snails.  He tried to sprint up the stairs but it was as if anchors were strapped to his legs.   Mrs Begg’s front door was wide open.  Then he smelt it.  The smell of death.  It was all around him.  The room beckoned him.  So he went in.  Lying on the floor off the minuscule hallway was the blooded mess that had once been Mrs Begg.
He looked across to the bedroom.  The door closed.  He moved slowly, like he was living a dream and went over to the door.  He didn’t have to do anything.  The door opened.  He crossed the threshold.

The woman from the quay was spread across Mrs Begg’s bed.  She wore a blood red brassiere and matching knickers.  Her legs were longer than Michael had first thought.  Her body, in fact, was perfect.  He thought of her as Eve, so untouched and perfect.  But that was where the similarity ended.  Through her transparent knickers he could see a man’s genitals.  He looked down towards her long narrow feet.  They were cloven hooves and they were painted a tantalising red.
She looked at him and began popping grapes into her mouth, sucking them hard before she swallowed them whole.  Her tongue was forked and flickered across the grapes in quick succession.  She smiled at Michael and looked at the Dalmatian, which was now much larger and was ripping apart the remnants of the once-ginger cat.
“Hi Michael, I’ve been waiting for you…”
“Who are you?”
“I’m your conscience Michael.”
Michael smiled and shook his head, “No, you’re not.  Whatever my conscience is, it’s nothing to do with you.”
The woman laughed and it sounded like hell.  “No I’m not Michael.  I’m the devil.”
Michael tried to breathe but the air was fetid and was slowly sucking the life out of him.  He believed the thing in front of him.  It was the devil.
“You’re beginning to bore me Michael,” said the devil, preening and giggling like a virginal teenager, but at the same time grabbing his genitals roughly.  “It was fun to start with...but now...I want you dead.  Simple as that.  You’re too dull.  You and the stupid people you mix with.”
Michael felt weak.  He had an awful head pain.  He began to concentrate on Juno.  Willing her to be by his side.
“Don't bother about the dog,” remarked the devil, its hand pushing the knickers down and beginning to rapidly masturbate.  The phallus between its legs was rising to its frantic stroking and getting bigger and bigger.  “She’s already dead.
Michael fell to the floor and grasped his throat, he was choking.  The devil laughed and an awful thunderstorm broke all over St Tropez.  Yachts capsized in the harbour.  People drowned in the sea.  Gargoyles and other statues fell from the tops of buildings crushing people below.
The devil climaxed, its penis huge and bulging erupted. Full of fire and brimstone. The devil belched loudly with pleasure.  And from the brimstone came a crackling sound and emerging from the hardened crust was a terrible creature, part octopus, part spider.  A horrible living breathing example of evil.  The devil flew up towards the ceiling, taking the form of a vile winged scorpion and flew out of the window, his booming laugh caused a mini tsunami throughout the Mediterranean.  His evil work completed.  The octopus thing devoured the Dalmatian with one crack of its gigantic jaws and then moved towards Michael.
It wound its huge tentacles around him and Michael felt himself being crushed.  He could no longer focus on Juno.  He had no strength.  No powers.

Not far from Michael, lying stretched out on the bed in another small apartment.  Juno tried to focus on Michael.  He was calling her.  He wanted her help.  But she too was powerless.  A small trickle of blood first came out of one nostril then began to meander down the other one.  She was slowly bleeding to death.  She was paralysed and could not move.  There was only one thing she had enough power to do....she thought of Ada.

It was nearly midnight and Ada couldn’t sleep.  She knew that the others were sleeping.  Charles and Saffie had arrived back from Turkey only that evening and they were very tired and went to bed almost immediately on arrival back at the house.  
Although the night was chilly she dressed in a fine muslin nightdress.  For whatever reason, she was not feeling the cold.  She opened her balcony window and walked out.  It was a starry night and as she glanced up at the sky she prayed for one thing only.  She heard a loud crack and assumed it was thunder which surprised her because the day and early evening had been so clear.  But it was a form of thunderbolt in her brain.  She reeled over in pain and rubbed her temples as her head thumped and thumped.  She closed her eyes and in her mind’s eye she saw Juno lying on the floor of a scruffy apartment.  Fighting for breath.  Fighting for life.  
“Help Michael.  Save Michael.”  A woman’s gentle voice sounded in the midnight air.  Ada opened her eyes then closed them again as the pain in her head was travelling to another spot and was just as severe.  It was as if a television had switched on in her brain.  A grainy picture revealed Michael, slowly strangled by some awful thing with long tentacles.  She opened her eyes hoping she was in the middle of a nightmare but the vision stayed with her.  I must save both of them she thought and then said out loud, “But who will help me?   I don’t even know where they are.”
She glanced again at the sky.  The moon was magnificent, full and brooding.  Her eyes filled with tears and rage.  And somewhere, away from her, Michael and Juno were dying.
A shooting star dented the darkness of the sky and she begged for someone to help them again.
A strong wind arose and the fine hairs on her arms stood up.
She watched as the sky began to part, until it looked as if some kind of rift had formed.  She wondered whether an earthquake was occurring.  There was a faint rustle of noise and then it became louder and louder.  Like galloping.  Then another noise intermingled with the galloping.  A soft swishing, like wings flapping furiously.
She looked on in awe as between the gap in the sky; flying towards her was the most beautiful white horse she had ever seen.

The sky resembled a pearl-black sea as the stunning creature flew towards her.  His wings were gossamer soft, a silver colour, resembling a swan’s wings.  His coat was glossy and platinum coloured.  He was treading water outside her balcony, neighing softly so it sounded like the wind.  He looked directly at Ada, and she saw that his eyes were a beautiful forest-green, and his long noble face was full of intelligence and intrigue.  “Come on,” please he said in a baritone voice, “get on my back.  We must hurry.”

The huge horse snorted and instead of steam, stardust blasted from his nostrils.  Ada had never liked heights and climbing onto her balcony to mount the horse was something that she didn’t want to do.  But she thought of Michael and Juno.  They needed her and this fairy tale horse was going to take her to them.  
The horse stopped treading water and kneeled in front of her balcony; gingerly she grabbed onto its soft plaited mane and pulled herself up onto its back.  He was so big that she sat side-saddle and would not let go of his mane.  He stood up from the kneeling position and she felt turbulence and clasped his neck for extra grip.
The horse rose up on his hind legs and punched the air with its front hooves and galloped rapidly towards the moon.  
Charles Green was in the middle of one of his frequent nightmares and left Saffie sleeping soundly.  He pulled the curtains apart.  He decided that the sleeping tablets he was taking must be causing hallucinations.  He thought he saw a huge white horse galloping across the sky, with Ada on board.
He went back to bed and pulled the bed clothes over his head and cuddled into Saffie for reassurance.  He thought his demons had returned.

To begin with Ada was petrified but then when she became used to the gentle jostling of the horse, she relaxed and watched with excitement and awe.  Here she was travelling through the night air on the most wonderful of beasts.  They climbed high until they were above the clouds.  Surprisingly, although only dressed in her thin nightdress.  She did not feel cold.  The horse’s body was too warm for that.  She laughed as they sped by an aircraft full of people.  The horse’s head was level with the cockpit of the jet.  The pilots looked out with surprise and fear on their faces.  But soon the horse had overtaken them and they were speeding towards land and lights.
The horse began to descend, almost freefalling and Ada felt light headed and elated.  Exactly the same feeling as when she had just given birth to Sophie.
It gathered speed, its head was pointing downwards and Ada spotted lights below them getting nearer and nearer.  She didn’t know it but they were flying in to St Tropez.
The horse was agitated.  He did not know where to go first, to Michael or to Juno.  Ada sensed his frustration.  “Find Michael,” Ada told him and his indecision was over.  The horse landed on the roof of a shabby building and he crouched down so that Ada could jump off.  Quickly, like the gymnast she used to be as girl, she tumbled into the open window of Mrs Begg’s bedroom.  Her eyes focussed on an awful sight.


Michael was being squeezed to death by a thing so awful that she did not dare look at it.  Part human/part spider/part octopus.  It’s face was terrifying and it had long spider-like fangs about to sink into Michael’s neck.  But she had to do something because he would not survive.  But what?  She could hear her brain ticking over.   A faint light caught the corner of her eye.  A metal pole rail hidden behind ancient curtains.  She rushed by the creature and tried to dislodge the pole from the wall.  It wouldn’t budge. Outside was frantic neighing. And she felt the room vibrating.  The white horse was trying to kick the side of the wall in.  Ada stretched up and pushed all her weight onto the pole.  She looked behind her.  Michael was shuddering as the thing was squeezing the life out of him.  She continued to pull and pull.  Eventually the pole gave way.  She grabbed it and quickly tore away at one end, removing the ornamental top and revealing a jagged silver point.  She jumped on the back of the creature and stabbed at it with the curtain pole.  The creature screamed but did not release his grip on Michael.  It hadn’t worked.


She could see some tapers near to the small made-up fire in the bedroom.  She ran over to them.  Using a nearby lighter, she lit one.  The creature looked at her with vile bug eyes.  
You can see what I’m going to do you bastard thought Ada.  She glanced at Michael, his face was white.  She couldn’t see how there could be any life left in him.  She lit not one but the whole box of tapers and plunged them into the hole that she had already made with the curtain rail.  The creature screamed in agony.  Ada had hit the spot this time and she cheered wildly.  The thing slowly released Michael from its tentacles and roaring with rage it began emitting an awful gunge of blood and pus, like a lanced boil.  It was still on fire and thrashed around the room, singeing the curtains and carpets.  
Ada watched transfixed as the evil creature melted away in front of her.  Soon there was just a pile of a disgusting green and yellow like jelly substance on the floor.  She rushed to Michael.  He was covered in the stuff as well.  She cradled his head on her lap and checked the pulse in his neck.  It was faint and fading fast. She had to do something.  
She intended to give him the kiss of life.  But something happened.  Instead she just kissed him.  A lingering kiss that a woman would give to a lover who had yet to experience her.
Michael’s breathing became stronger.   The pulse in his neck quickened.  His thick dark lashes flickered and he opened his eyes.  And for one fleeting moment she saw her future in the opaque blue of them.  And then it was gone.  He gave her a lopsided smile.  His voice was weak and breathy.  “Thank you,” he said.
Outside the horse was scratching his hooves on the roof tiles.  “Can you get up and walk?” she asked.
Michael nodded and she helped him to his feet. Even breathing was painful for him.  
“We must get to Juno,” Ada said, “if not she’ll die.”

The wonderful horse skimmed like a glistening pearl over the rooftops.  It arrived at Michael’s small flat and a recovering Michael somersaulted from its back and went into free-fall.  He dived through the unopened window using what power he had left and found Juno in a bad way on the floor.  The dog was foaming at the mouth and there was hardly any heart beat. He scooped her up in his arms.  Kissed her soft forehead and flew back towards the horse and Ada.

They flew high and the horse stretched his plumed wings out as far as they would go.  Soon, they were flying above the stars.  All Ada could see were twinkles and stardust where the stars had been.  Then out of the depth and darkness of the sky was a flashing blinding white light which forced her to close her eyes when she opened them they were riding across a sea of billions of stars.  The horse’s hooves clip clopped with a grave sense of urgency.  Ada was spellbound: it was like skimming along glittering snow.  Starry icicles were falling in her hair and the body of the horse was steaming.  She was holding on tight behind Michael who had Juno clasped gently in his arms.  She looked around, the view was of a deep midnight blue, and here she was riding along a glittering silver path on the back of a majestic snow-white stallion.   
“She gasped, “I’ve never seen anything so beautiful.  Where on earth are we?”  She could sense Michael’s lazy smile in the darkness.
“We aren’t on Earth.  We are riding across the Milky Way, it’s formed of stars and created by the gods for the gods.  The horse turned and banked, like a jumbo jet.  Its feet splayed and she could see some ground below.  They had flown through the Milky Way and later on, in the future, she would fly through it many times afterwards.  But always in her dreams.  Below, she spotted the beginnings of a stunning crystalline lake with blue water, with a majestic snow topped mountain in the distance.  
“It’s magical,” she remarked, “I’ll remember it forever?  Where are we now, it’s so beautiful too?”  
Michael swallowed hard.  “That mountain is Mount Olympia, the home of the gods.  My home.  The lake below us, Alcyonian will heal Juno.  Hold tight....we’re going down.
She gritted her teeth and held on tightly to Michael.  His body was very warm.  She took one final look at the Milky Way as it sparkled out of view.  It felt as if the flesh was falling from her face, such was the G force.   The air smelt pure with a fragrant hint of lavender as they descended, and an inner peace befell her...
And then a dreadful turbulence which literally caused her to vomit.  The great horse shifted upside down, neighing and whining uncontrollably as it fought to right itself.  There was no light, the sparkle of the Milky Way had vanished.  Dreadful thunder and lightning erupted.  She was clinging on to the flank of the horse for dear life.  
Michael shouted.  “Zeus won’t let me back.  He’s still angry with me.  There’s a force operating which is barring my entry into Olympia.  The horse tossed and turned as giant blue lights shot across his body.  Ada was shook off the horse and was plunging downwards.  She heard screaming as she fell rapidly, then realised it was herself who was screaming.  This was how it was going to end.  Her life.  Retribution for Sophie all in vain!  
Michael screamed.  “Zeus you bastard don’t kill her or Juno.  Kill me.  Take me instead of them.”  Then he pushed Pegasus forward, trying to catch Ada.
She began to lapse into unconsciousness as she fell quicker and quicker.  And then she felt Michael’s arms, sinewy yet strong around her.  He had Juno fixed over his shoulder.  She thought he too was winged.  But then she fainted.

She opened her eyes.  She still felt dizzy.  She was snuggled in the horse’s flowing mane.  Juno, was lying lifeless behind her and Michael was steadying both of them.
The horse had regained his balance and once more they were flying through the depths and nightmares of the night.
“I thought I was going to die,” said Ada.  “I didn't realise just how frightened I would be when the end would come.”
“You were never going to die Ada.  I was sent to help you.  To protect you.  I would never let that happen.”  He looked guilty but Ada couldn't see his face clearly.
“But you can’t protect me forever.  I won’t live forever.”
He sighed, and the wind from the horse’s wings distorted Michael’s speech until it was a mere whisper.  “Believe me Ada; you wouldn’t want to live forever...”
She sensed the upset in his voice.  She didn't profess to understand the ways of the gods.  “Where are we going now?”
She couldn’t see Michael’s face and she didn't have the strength to look behind her but she was aware that he must have looked severe because when he spoke his voice was like metal.
“We need to get to the lake and quickly if Juno is to be saved.  We’re approaching earth.  It’s okay...I know of another way we can get to the lake.”
The great horse flapped his legs and Ada could see that they were approaching land.  She saw the lights strung out in front of her like a landing strip.  “Where are we?”
“We’re landing in Madrid,” said Michael.
They flew down towards the town and she noticed that the buildings had become larger.  Michael laughed as if he was reading her mind. “It’s okay Ada, it’s not the buildings getting bigger.  It’s us getting smaller.  You’ll see why later.”  They descended so that they were almost on the street, but they were so small.  Then the horse rose again and they dived into an open window.  Ada recognised the building immediately, the Prado. And she realised that the horse was no bigger than a sparrow.  Once in the room the horse circled the room near the dim night light on the ornamental ceiling.  Ada could see that the room was full of paintings.
“Over there,” said Michael.  The horse turned and then turned again.  At the far end of the intricately carved wooden wall was a painting which depicted a man on a boat on a lake.  “It’s a painting of Charon,” said Michael, “he ferries the dead to the underworld.  He will take us to the lake.”  
The horse circled around and around.  “Come on Pegasus,” shouted Michael, “Do it.  You can do it.”
The horse suspended in mid air and the magical fairy dust, of thousands of tiny stars gushed from his nostrils.  He pounded an imaginary floor with his hooves.  His ears pricked up and his wings flapped and the feathers were erect.  He galloped at full speed towards the painting, neighing loudly.  His war cry.  “Hold tight,” said Michael and she felt his strong hand on her waist, “shut your eyes and don’t worry.”
There was a mild sound of ripping canvass and a loud puff from the horse, and then there was blackness and a slightly tipsy feeling in her head.

Her eyes opened.  She was lying on some kind of raft and an old man was paddling slowly across inky waters.  She felt Michael’s arm around her.  “Are you okay Ada?”
She smiled, “Yes.  How’s Juno?”
“The same.  We must get to the lake or it will be too late.”
“Where are we now?”
Michael tightened his arm around her.  “We are on the river but Charon will see that we reach the lake quickly.”
A dreadful wailing sound reached her ears and she felt chilled with fear and couldn't stop shivering.  “What on earth is that noise?”
Michael sighed, “The dead souls...they tried to get on this ferry and then Charon could take them to the afterlife.”
“Why couldn't they come?”
Michael sighed again, “Because I am a god and requested that Charon take me...the others cannot board.”
“Will he return for them later?”
“No.  They will wait for eternity now.  They have lost their sailing.”
Ada looked at Michael, he was swallowing hard and his face appeared a granite compassion-less mass.  And then the lights went out in her mind.

She was floating on her back in a pool of turquoise coloured water which was warm and smelt of frangipani.  Michael was sitting on the edge of the pool watching her.  She was aware that she was completely naked.  But his eyes locked only on to her face.   “How do you feel,” he asked.
“Good,” she said.  Because it was true.  She felt relaxed and invigorated.  There was a gentle splash near her.  A beautiful woman with long dark brown hair was floating on her back as well but her eyes were closed and her breathing shallow.  Michael looked concerned and bent over and gently touched the woman’s face.
Zeus was looking at the scene which had appeared in his own fountain and he splashed the water in the fountain gently, with his foot.  “Oh Michael,” he said, “You’re still a fool, coming here.  You know that I’ve forbidden it, yet still you continue to disobey me.  He studied the image of Hera.  She was more beautiful than ever...perhaps he should bring her back and leave Hermes to rot.
Ada swam towards Michael and he left the woman and guided Ada towards him.  
“Where’s Juno?” she asked.
He smiled, “Oh Juno’s okay too – she’s recovered as well.  In fact we have to go back to earth soon.  We can’t stay here.  It’s not safe.”  He looked wistful.
“Why?”
His eyes narrowed, “Ada, it’s not safe for me, or Juno...relax for a while longer....float on your back again...and then I’ll call Pegasus.  We must go back.”
She watched him until he was out of sight and when she looked for the woman swimming close to her.  She had vanished as well.  She lay back in the water and drifted....far away into the deepest sleep ever.  
When she woke up, rain was beating down on her and the Technicolor sky had changed to slate.  Michael picked her up in his arms.  “Come on Ada, time to go home.”  Her energy had vanished and she allowed him to carry her in his arms back to Pegasus.  She was pleased to see that Juno, had recovered and was resting on the horse’s back.  The dog wagged her tail but it was a limp wag, she was tired too.  Ada managed to scratch the soft fur between Juno’s ears.  “Hello, girl,” she said, “good girl.” 
They all rested on the horse until Michael gave the command and they soared high into the sky which had developed into a deep plum.  Ada looked on in awe as the luminous horse raced a shooting star across the sky and won.  But then her head felt dizzy and her eyelids droopy and she was spinning and spinning and then there was only black, not even grey.

Ada slept deeply and when she awoke in her own bed, she felt that she had been sleeping for days.  She remembered Pegasus and then slowly remembered everything.  How Michael had nearly died and how Juno had nearly died.  And how she felt when she thought Michael was dead.  She felt that her world would crumble but she didn't feel that way when Barney died.
The Retribution Club met for dinner in the ornate dining room.  Michael was the last into the room.  He had a lot of stuff to tell them, some of which he knew that Joseph wouldn’t like.
Over dinner and between courses Michael related what had happened.  How Hazel’s mother had admitted that it was Hazel who had murdered her own brother and let his fiancée take the blame.  Michael looked at Joseph’s face after he had said this.  It was like a mask.  Charles looked engrossed.  “Fancy that and you say that Hazel’s mother wrote a letter to confirm all of this?”
“Yes said,” Michael, “and there’s more...” He looked at Joseph who furtively looked away.  “But I’ll tell more later when I’ve finished eating, I’m starving.”
After dinner, Ada served cheese and port but Charles helped himself to whiskey.  Michael stretched his legs out and collided with Ada’s under the table.  She flinched because just touching was too much for her.  He then went on to tell them how Ada had saved both him and Juno but he never mentioned going to Mount Olympia and riding on the wonderful Pegasus.  Because he felt that the others didn't need to know everything and Ada obviously agreed with him because she didn't say anything either.
“But,” he ended up by saying, “we need to get Jemima, Hazel’s brother’s lady out of jail quick.  She doesn’t deserve to be there.
“But if we do that,” said Joseph, “then Hazel will go to jail....and I’m not having that.”
Charles sighed, “she’s a murderess Joseph.  She doesn’t deserve to be amongst us.”

Michael and Joseph tried to outstare each other while the rest of the group watched but said nothing.  Ada knew that Hazel wasn’t really Hazel any more, just a shell but Joseph didn't seem to understand that...
Michael looked at Joseph and his voice was soft.  “Look it’s okay Joseph, we’ll work something out.”
“What can you work out that won’t involve Hazel?  Look she’s sick.  She’s been through enough and I won’t have it.  I’m taking her home as soon as possible.”
Charles glared at him across the dining table.  “Sick?  Of course she is and she’s a double murderess.  She should never have been with us in the first place.  She’s evil.”
Michael sighed, and his voice was almost faltering.  “Look everyone, I told you there was something else about Hazel...and I think it’s something that Joseph already knows.  Mrs Begg didn't have a daughter only two sons.

“I don’t understand,” said Charles.
“There’s not a lot to understand,” said Michael.  “Hazel was Mrs Begg’s younger son, David.  He was having a homosexual affair with his older brother, Christopher, who was bi-sexual.  When David (Hazel) realised that Christopher was actually going to marry Jemima after all the times they had spent together, he flipped, murdered Christopher and framed Jemima.  Then carved out a new life for himself calling himself Hazel.”
Ada stared at Joseph, “Did you know about this?”
“If you mean did I know that Hazel had a dick? Well yes I did, I played with it enough...”
“There’s no need to be liked that,” said Michael, “be civil to Ada.”
“Did you know that Hazel or whatever she’s really called was a murderer?” asked Charles.
Joseph sprung out of his chair and Ada thought that he was going to attack Charles, instead he moved to the door.  “I’m going upstairs now...to be with Hazel...I’ve heard enough for tonight.”  The door slammed without his help.

Joseph looked at Hazel, she was asleep and she didn't look like the demon the others said she was.  Without her makeup she looked young and pretty.  He touched her face, although cold her skin was soft.  She breathed softly.  I wish, he thought, that you would wake up...normal.  He looked out of the bedroom window but he couldn't see anything, not the devil, demons or the Minotaur.  He had experienced a good life he thought, riches and success beyond the mere man.  He was a rock god.  A living legend.  People paid outrageous prices for tickets to his gigs.  But he didn't do gigs any more.  He had admitted to himself some time ago that he was not at the top of the tree anymore.  But he was still mega respected.  Even though the youngsters didn't really get him.  He sighed and moved away from the window.  He had experienced it all groupies, drugs, booze....and it nearly killed him.  He washed up.  Resigned to doing chat shows, with hosts who were long past their sell by date.  Yet the power ballad he wrote for Kieran.  That resurrected his career.  And he was in demand again...the youngsters started listening to him.  Life was rosy and he was earning megabucks again.  And then Kieran was murdered.  He cried and Hazel woke up.

Downstairs Charles mulled over the situation, hugging a large brandy glass.  “Fancy that, Hazel being a man....I suppose that was why Joseph was interested in her.  He could tell she was a man...”
Jake stared at the ceiling.  “I suppose so mate.  I wonder if he knew that she had murdered her brother?”
“I don’t think he did,” remarked Ada, “I think that Joseph is too honest and he would have told us if he knew that.”
“What do you think Michael?” said Charles still hugging the brandy glass.
“I am a God not a mortal,” said Michael, “I don’t understand human behaviour.”  
Juno who had been sleeping near the hearth woke up and Ada could have sworn that she was smiling.

Later that night when the others had gone to bed, Michael and Ada lay on the carpet of the study, playing mournful jazz records on a very old gramophone which had belonged to Barney.  They were both drinking gin and tonic.  “What are we going to do about Hazel?”  She looked at Michael but he was absorbed staring at the full moon which had appeared outside the library window.  He frowned, “I know what we have to do.  Must do.  But it’s not nice.”
Ada smiled at him and her long eyelashes caught up with her hair and Michael, briefly touched to free her eyes.  I want her he thought.  And then the moment was gone.  
“What do we have to do Michael?”
He shivered.  “We have to kill Hazel,” he said, “She’s not a real person anymore.  She’s just a cardboard box and she can do a lot of damage like that.”
“No, that’s too awful to contemplate,” said Ada, “there must be something we can do...some other way.”
“Nothing else,” said Michael, slightly mesmerised by the moon, “it’s the only way.  She’s never going to get any better... And what’s more, all the time she is around she’s an empty vessel for the devil to use.  He can channel his energies through her and cause havoc, chaos and even death!”
Ada looked away.   She had to admit to herself and probably to Michael if he asked, that she did not like Hazel very much.  She had tried to warm to her but Hazel had always been suspicious and distant.  Perhaps it was because she was a guilty woman/man.  “There’s no chance of her ever improving?”
“None.”
“Is there nothing the gods can do to help?”
“No.”  His voice cut through her like a sharp knife.  “The gods don’t help murderers regardless of what you might have heard.”
Ada sighed, Juno padded into the room and she stroked her ears. “When will you do it?”
Michael looked out of the window, the moon was still full.  He imagined he could see Mount Olympia because that was where he wanted to be... 
“Don’t worry Ada.  I’ll do it and I’ll do it soon.”
“You promise she won’t suffer?”
For a moment she saw anger travel through his eyes but then it was gone.  “How can she suffer, she’s already dead...it’s just her body that hasn’t packed up yet.”
He stared at Ada and she watched as his eyes became an electric blue.  Then she felt he was taking over her mind, doing something to her and she felt herself falling into the deepest of sleep.  She fell back on the floor.
Michael watched thoughtfully and then he picked her up and walked softly up the stairs and carried her to her room and laid her gently on the bed.  The fierce blue left his eyes.   He bent over Ada and kissed her shyly on the lips.
He went into the rooms of all the others, Saffie and Charles were last asleep.  He opened Jake’s door he too was fast asleep.  The effect of Michael’s blue eyes.  He sighed and then walked towards Joseph and Hazel’s room.

He went to open the door, but the door knob turned freely on its own.  And the door creaked open.    He could see their sleeping bodies in the large king size bed and looked down on them.  They were both fast asleep.  Joseph was lying on his stomach with one arm stretched across Hazel’s body.  Her breathing was shallow and then Michael noticed a light mist flaring from her nostrils and the room turned fridge-like and his own breath was frosty.  Hazel coughed and sat upright in the bed.  She smiled at him and her eyes were a strange green and red colour.  Like a mixture of phlegm and blood.
“I thought you’d come,” she said, “I’ve been waiting for you.”  Her voice was hoarse like that of a man who smoked too much.  
Michael’s eyes turn to opaque.  Outside the door Juno growled softly, waiting for the invitation to enter.  
“You know you want me Michael, you can’t resist it,” said the thing that was once Hazel, “I know you’ve always wanted me.” She got out of the bed and stood up. She had levitated slightly and was maybe a foot or so off the floor.  Arms outstretched her nightdress fell from her.  
Michael recoiled at the sight of her naked body.  It was a horrible scaly type skin and her breasts although pert looked like the skin of an alligator.  As Michael watched her skin began to shred.  Soon the skin had all shed away and she was just a bloody mass of muscle.  It was a revolting sight.
“The only thing I want from you Hazel is your death,” said Michael.  
Quick as a flash, the creature that was once Hazel scurried up to the ceiling becoming smaller as she did so.  Her tongue flickered in and out like the lizard she had become.  “Good bye Michael,” she hissed, “see you later…”   She was just about to disappear out of the top of the window, when a huge black fluffy cat came crashing through the window and ripped the lizard to shreds.  The lizard made a human cry as it breathed its last.  The cat held the bloodied remains of the lizard in its mouth and crept towards Michael.  It studied him for some time with its intelligent forest green eyes before it dropped the remains at his feet.  Michael scratched the cat’s ears.  “Good girl, you’re always here for me aren’t you”
He watched as the cat’s body disbursed to become floating molecules and then reformed as Juno.  
In the bed, lying close to Joseph in his deep sleep was the dead body of Hazel.  She looked relaxed; she looked sort of at peace.


An earth shattering scream woke Ada.  She quickly got out of bed and rushed along the corridor.  Jake was already in front of her.  Saffie and Charles behind.  Jake stopped outside Joseph’s bedroom, the door was wide open.
Joseph Cotton was on the bed, he was crying uncontrollably and cradling Hazel in his arms.  Jake and Charles walked over to him while Ada and Saffie huddled in the doorway.
“It’s okay mate,” said Jake, “it’s all right mate, come with me.  She’s gone.” 
Joseph started rocking and wailing and it looked as if Hazel’s body had come to life once again, as he was bouncing her up and down in his arms.
“Come on Joseph.  Pull yourself together.  She’s dead.”  Charles put his arm around Joseph’s shoulders and with the help of Jake, they released his grip on Hazel and dragged him to his feet and led him out of the door.  
Ada and Saffie looked on as they filed past and nearly bumped into Michael and Juno.

“Hazel’s dead,” said Ada.
Michael nodded and walked over to her body.  Gently, he pulled a sheet over her.  “Saffie, can you go and help Charles and Jake.  They need you.  I’ll be down in a moment.  Saffie saw something in Michael’s eyes and nodded and left the room.
“It was you?”
Michael said nothing.  
She sighed, and looked at a map of 13th century Britain framed on the wall.  “So what now?” 
“I can make Joseph forget.”
“No,” she replied, “that’s not the way.”
He coughed and she could see another colour lurking behind his ice blue eyes, “Well then, tell me, what is the way?”
She sighed.  “I don’t know.  Everything is going pear shaped isn’t it?”
He looked serious.  “I promise you it will be all right.  “What we have to do now is make sure that the woman wrongly imprisoned for Hazel’s brother’s murder is freed!”
“How are we going to do that?”
“We will get a doctor in, I can make it look like a suicide and then we can leave a note supposedly from Hazel, telling all.”
“Isn’t that amateurish?”
“Probably,” said Michael, “but I will also use my mind to influence others’ thoughts.”

Things had been difficult since Hazel’s death.  There was mention in the newspapers about her death and the fact she was really a he.  She was also portrayed as the boyfriend of aging rock star, Joseph Corinthian, but Joseph was oblivious to all this.  The suicide note was given coverage and just as Michael had said, Jemima was released.  Then the police closed the case.  It was simple really.
But no one was really talking to each other.  Joseph was full of grief and he hardly came out of his bedroom.  Ada had more or less become his nurse. Jake and Charles were hanging out together: country pub lunches and fishing on the lake near Ada’s property.  Saffie had returned to London for a few days to her yoga teaching classes.  She needed to be away from everything for a while.
Michael and Juno were left to their own devices.  Lots of long walks, deep thoughts and silence.  It probably would have gone on like that for a few more weeks.  Because it was a time in everyone’s life who belonged to the Retribution Club to stop and reflect upon what they were doing and what the consequences were, because they had made mistakes...but were they going to carry on.
But the letter which had been pushed through the letterbox and was addressed to Michael , put paid to his peace.
“Hello Michael, you don’t know me but you have been recommended to me.  I need your help.  I’ll wait for you outside the First Highwayman pub tomorrow afternoon around about 7 am.  I’ll know who you are.  I think you know where the pub is.  I do really need your help.
Michael frowned when Miriam gave him the letter.  He wondered who knew his name and where he was staying.  Was it the devil about to do something again?
That evening at dinner he didn't say anything to Ada, he didn't want to worry her.  But he did wonder what all this was about; whether it was related to the devil.

It was a Kent morning and the sun shone.  Michael could smell the apples in Ada’s orchard as he and Juno crossed the field adjoining the orchard and then manoeuvred some stiles.  Juno flat on her belly crawling underneath them until they reached the lane.  It was early, they didn't meet any traffic as they walked towards the crossroads.  Michael enjoyed early mornings such as these.  Everything was new and untarnished; only the early morning chirping of the birds interrupted his thoughts.  What would it be like to be human?  He looked at Juno and caught the amazed expression in her eyes.  When they reached the crossroads they encountered an old lorry with some chickens in the back, the driver waved at them.  His red fedora was on the passenger seat but Michael didn't notice.
The First Highwayman public house was a typical country pub with white walls, original oak beams and a wonderful thatched roof.  The owners kept a small holding so Michael and Juno could hear animal sounds such as goats and geese waiting for breakfast.  In all it was postcard pretty framed by rambling roses that fell down towards a luxuriant front lawn dotted with wooden benches and children’s play area.   
Sitting on one of the benches was a small blonde woman dressed in jeans and a black fleece.  As Michael approached he could see that her face was thin and slightly pinched.  Even at that time of day she had a face full of potent make-up.  Ada’s carefully made up beautiful face flashed briefly in front of his eyes.  As he got closer the woman stood up and Michael could see the likeness even through the thick veil of cosmetics.
Michael sat opposite the woman and Juno sat down by her side.  She patted the dog.  “Nice dog .  Lovely coat”.  She looked at Michael and he recognised her beautiful Eau de Nil flickering in her eyes.  “Thank you for coming...I’m sorry it was so cloak and dagger, but I didn’t want her to know...”
Michael raised an eyebrow.  “It’s Ada...she’s my sister.”
Michael smiled, “I can see that...what do you want?”
She smiled, her dimples were the same as Ada’s.  “I’m Cathy, Ada’s baby sister...although there’s only a year and a half difference in us.  I haven’t spoken to Ada for years.  We fell out.  I don’t suppose she’s mentioned me?”
“No,” said Michael honestly, “she hasn’t.”
“I didn't think she would have,” said Cathy.
Michael looked puzzled, “Why do you think I can help you?”
“Because I met you in a dream,” she replied.

Michael was surprised but didn't show it.  
Cathy smiled and it was full of Ada.  “I had a dream several weeks ago and you came into it and said that you would help me.  Help the village.”  Her voice faltered.
“Go on...” Michael was intrigued.
“In my dream you told me your name was Michael and that you were staying with my sister.  You did say you would help me.”  Her eyes filled with tears.  “Please I can’t go on any longer.  Nor can the rest of the villagers...”

Michael settled back on the bench, ready to listen...Juno lay on the grass next to him.  The dew dampened her coat and made it look even glossier.  She put her head on her paws.  She wanted to listen too.  Michael wished he had a mug of tea.  He had missed his breakfast this morning.
As if she could read his mind, Cathy pulled out a vacuum flask and poured out tea for him and herself.  She also had a small bowl which she filled up with tea for Juno.  “Does Juno like tea?”
“How do you know her name?”  
Cathy smiled, “I’m a medium.”
It was Michael’s turn to smile.  “Well then you should know.”
Cathy put the bowl of tea in front of Juno and the dog lapped it quickly.
“I don’t live in this village she said,” pausing to sip the tea.  “I live in one a couple of miles away.  It was a nice village.  Quiet and postcard pretty...but...


Cathy began her story.  “The village was lovely.  Really quiet.  People kept themselves to themselves but they were friendly.  We helped each other though, when need be, when there was an emergency.”  She gulped and then continued.  “But then everything changed…an awful family moved in.  Sent to our little part of Heaven by Social Services.   They were a problem family and one of the cottages in the village was Council owned and the old lady who was the tenant had recently died…”
“So the family from hell moved in?”  Michael sighed. 
“Yes,” said Cathy, “They were awful…there were eight children and six of them were boys who had loads of awful friends who used to descend upon the village at the memorial statue at the weekend, just to cause trouble.”
Michael sighed again, “But that’s how young people behave Cathy…”
“No,” she said, “normal young people don’t kill pets and terrorise people.  In fact they have probably murdered one disabled lady…but because there was no evidence connecting them to her death, the police wouldn’t prosecute or even investigate..  Now they are even worse…threats…more pets being tortured.  People of all ages threatened.  A woman was raped last week.  We know it was one of the gang but we can’t prove anything.  Once again, the police aren’t interested.
“The lovely quintessential village has now become a no man’s land.  Please help.  You said in the dream that you would help.”  She leaned across and grabbed his arm.
He touched her hand.  “Take me to your village.”
They walked over to Cathy’s car, a small Ford.  Michael slipped into the passenger seat and Juno squashed into the back seat.

The drive to the village was a pretty one, small bendy lanes, sometimes with dense green orchards and other times engrossing hop fields.  Cathy slowed down and changed into second gear as they drove into the village.  The road turned into a small bridge which ran over a dribbling river.
Michael spotted ducks in a pond on the other side.  There was a small row of shops, a quaint baker, a gift shop, an old fashioned apothecary.  Michael thought it looked wonderful, just how he always imagined an English village should be.  But then they drove past the memorial.
There were a group of youths on the green.  A couple were defacing the memorial, they had spray cans of paint and were covering it in bright green obscenities.  A large rangy youth had some kind of pit bull cross on a lead; he released the dog when he saw an old lady approaching with a small terrier on a lead.  A sweet looking dog with a light fawn face and eyes like Bambi’s.
“Oh that’s Mrs West and her little Cairn Rosemary…oh no.”

The youth shouted a command at the dog and it raced across the green, teeth bared.  Little Rosemary did not stand a chance.  Mrs West screamed, “Leave my little dog alone.”  She tried to beat the pit bull off with her stick but as the dog leapt she lost her balance and then fell over.  The dog left Rosemary who ran off and turned its venom on Mrs West.  The youths formed a circle around her and started laughing as the dog attacked her.
“Silly old cow,” shouted one, “you’re gonna get what you deserve now.  You, filthy old bag.”
Cathy looked on astonished as the hatchback of her car flew open and Juno, lithe black, shiny and far more muscular than she had noticed before, jumped into the air.

The pitbull-type had let go of Mrs West and now had little Rosemary in its jaws.  She was beyond fear now and was limp, her whimpering had stopped.  She was ready for the end.
Juno was like a rocket, before the pit bull was aware what was happening Juno was on his back.  The force of her landing, already crushed some vertebrae.  Stunned the pit bull released his grip on Rosemary.  Cathy and Mrs West rushed to her bloodied body.
The force of Juno’s weight had knocked the pit bull to the floor.  He was lying on his side.  His left leg was not working properly but he had to go on.  He had only been trained to fight.  His life served no purpose otherwise.  He growled and was egged on by the braying gang.
But Juno was different, of course, a goddess forced into the skin of a dog, perhaps for eternity.  She would not partake in a bloody fight to the end with this dog.  She did not want him to suffer anymore.  He jumped up as fast as his broken body would allow.  The muscles in his hind legs and neck protruding dangerously.  But he was no match for her feminine wiles.  As he jumped into the air, she met him full on.  She saw the look in his eye.  I don’t really want to do this but it’s all that I know.  He looked at her and knew that he was dead.   
He didn't feel the snap of his neck as she twisted his head, making a clean break.  He fell to the floor.  The gang looked on; the owner of the dog walked over and kicked its carcass.  He did not like it because his weapon was dead.  He looked at his friends, “No matter, I’ll get another one...”
Juno closed her eyes.  She could see in her mind, the pit bull gliding away to a better place and for that she was glad.  He had suffered terribly in his life but no more.  She opened her eyes and looked at his body.  All the deep scars he had incurred during his fighting life had gone.  He was at peace.
The ringleader, glared at Michael.  “Your animal has killed our dog.”

The hooligans could not believe what had happened to their prize-fighter.  Mrs West was cuddling Rosemary in her arms, she was bloodied but not seriously hurt.  Cathy was going to take her to the local vet anyway.
Juno padded up to Mrs West and Rosemary.  Mrs West looked terrified but the big dog just licked Rosemary’s bloodied neck.  Rosemary whimpered and as Juno turned away and walked back towards Michael no one noticed the wound in Rosemary’s neck slowly begin to heal.
Juno sat down next to Michael and the yobs stared.
The owner of the dead dog was feeling brave.  He came over to Michael, ignored the fact that Juno had just killed his dog without actually fighting it.  He was about the same height as Michael, but that was all.
He looked intently at Michael with his watery blue eyes.  Michael returned his gaze with his crystal blue ones and the youth’s eyes began to water profusely, until they became bloodshot.  If this boy had any sense, he would have embraced his youth and made the most of what time he had left on earth. But he was not intelligent enough.  
“It don’t matter,” he said to Michael who said nothing.  “...Cos he was worn out anyway...but there’s a bloke I know, he’s got some new puppies – I can choose the strongest of the litter...so next time we meet – me and my dog we win.  Hands down.”
The other youths crouched around him and Michael.  Juno looked up, she didn't even bother to growl, such was her faith in Michael.  She fell into a deep sleep until it was all over.
Behind Michael, the village was greyed out including Mrs West and Cathy.  A bit like a computer suspended in time.   But the youths didn't notice.
“If you could change anything about your life, would you?” Michael asked the youth.  
The youth laughed and an awful yellow bile spewed over his mouth and down the front of his hoodie.
It’s too late, Michael thought, he can’t be saved.
All the other yobs joined in, laughing as loudly as they could.  “Why should we change?” they said in unison.  “We live as we want to...we don’t want to change.  We are the law around here.”
Michael looked grim.  “I thought you’d say that...but I wanted to give you one last chance...”

They looked at him with hostile eyes, they didn't really understand but all the same they smirked at him and winked.   They thought they were big men after all.
“Just take a quick look around then,” advised Michael, “a sort of recap, of what it’s like to be young...”
They really didn't get him and studied him closely as if he was a nutcase.  He didn't amuse them anymore so they shrugged their shoulders and began to walk away.  A spotty hooligan with a swastika tattooed on his neck announced that there was an allotment they could go and ransack nearby.  The others were all in agreement.  As they walked away from the village green, ready to cause more mayhem.  A mist encircled them and they too, were trapped in the computer freezing scenario.
Michael was perspiring profusely and then he took on a strange glow.  He called out to the youths and they tried to turn and look at him but they were caught in the strange greyed out world.  However, they did notice that he appeared to be on fire.  They didn't like what they were seeing but something was forcing them to watch.
The glow left Michael and the village was no longer greyed out.

Six old men shuffled past, they could hardly walk.  All they had left to wish for was a long death.  The one with a stooped back and watery blue eyes, clasped the shoulder of his lizard-skinned colleague who had a fading swastika on his leathery neck and they looked at Michael with horror etched onto the wrinkles on their faces.
Michael smiled sadly as he acknowledged them. With Juno he walked back to Cathy.  He was so weak he could hardly stand.  Cathy helped him to her car. By the time he had snapped his seatbelt on he could hardly keep awake.  
Thank you Michael, Cathy thought, for stealing youth.  Now the village can get on with life in the laid back way it always had.  

Michael drove slowly and was relieved to see Ada’s house.  They tiptoed into hall.  Michael wanted a shower and sleep.  The whole morning had been spent putting right to wrong and now he wanted to wash the vermin from his skin.  He decided that he would give Juno a hose down as well, her shiny coat looked dusty.  He was about to go up the stairs when Ada appeared.  “Hello,” she said, “I wondered where you two had gone.”  She looked quizzical and he knew that he wouldn’t tell her about meeting her sister.  
He smiled sheepishly, “We had some things to attend to.”
She looked at him and her stare went beyond his eyes, “But it’s all sorted now?”
He looked away, “Yes.”
“Good,” she remarked, “because I don’t want to waste any more time, and too much has already been wasted.  I want us to move on...I want results.  We have three more acts of retribution to carry out and I want them to happen soon...”
Michael shook his head, “Look Ada we have to plan.  We have to...”
“No,” she stated, “I’m adamant.  I want to get a move on.  Don't you see we need to bring closure on all of this?”
“So that everyone can get on with their lives?”
“That’s right.”
Michael moved up the first couple of steps.  He was still thinking about the shower.  “Is Jake still in?”
“Of course.  He desperately needs retribution for his mother. He adored her.”
“What about Joseph?”
“I don’t know – probably not...”
He looked severe.  “Well when you find out.  Let me know.  I’m going for a shower.”
She barred his way and her eyes were inflamed with anger.
“I mean it...what I’ve just said.”
Juno looked at Ada with thoughtful eyes.
“And so do I,” said Michael and a thousand worries exploded in his head.

The shower burnt through his mortal skin.  He was angry.  He was hoping that Ada would have seen by now the damage that retribution could cause in the world.  But she was relentless; she wanted to go ahead with two more acts of revenge.  Ultimately, he realised, it was all about her.  It never was about anyone else.  Just her, her loss, her grief and her utmost selfishness.  He turned the shower on until the heat was unbearable.
The devil was in a foul mood and caused the most awful tsunami the world had ever seen. It struck the Indian Ocean and thousands of mortals were killed. But that didn't make him feel any better.  Mortals could wait; he wanted to be rid of the gods forever.  Their reign had been timeless and useless and now he wanted it to end.  He was especially keen to see the end of Hermes.  He had lived far too long and was tiresome and cocky.  

Ada arranged dinner on the terrace as it was a balmy night.  English summer evenings could be delightful and she wanted everyone to enjoy themselves and everything to run smoothly.  Miriam and Dragon were in attendance.  It was as if she was preparing a dinner party for her closest friends.  The candlelit dining table highlighted a flickering fear in everyone’s faces.
The cheese and biscuits arrived.  Port was served.  Everyone stared at Ada.  Juno was in the corner of the room.  Miriam had bought in the dog’s food.  This evening, for some reason, Ada wanted everyone to be happy.  Miriam and Dragon were also invited to drinks but they graciously declined.  Instead they would wait in their quarters and could be called quickly if needed.
“We need to discuss whether we carry on or not,” said Ada, “we have three more acts of retribution including mine.”
“More murders,” remarked Joseph.
Ada glared at him.  “Call it what you like Joseph.  But are we in agreement or not?”
“Hazel’s dead,” said Joseph, “and so is Mrs Peasbody.  Charles is maimed.”  He laughed, “We’re not getting retribution.  Michael’s friend the devil is taking it all out on us.”  He sighed.  “I’m out.  I’m going home to Montana.  I’ve had enough of murder in my life. Two of the people I loved the most are gone...I don’t care what happens now.  I’m sorry.  I’ve booked a flight back to the US.   I leave first thing tomorrow.  If you don’t mind, I’m gonna pack my gear up now.”
Ada’s eyes glowed, and Michael sensed the silent rage that dwelled beneath her alabaster skin as Joseph left the room.

“Well,” remarked Ada, sounding “Is anyone else out?”  Her beauty was momentarily hidden by ugliness.
Charles Green looked uncomfortable, after everything he had been through, he didn't want to carry on.  He just wanted to be with Saffie.  And live in his Turkish bolt hole that he had owned for a few years.  But if Jake was still in he was in as well.  He felt he owed it to Jake to protect him if he needed protecting. He thought of Jake as his son.  He couldn’t replace the one he had lost...but even so...
Charles coughed, “If Jake’s still in. Then so am I.”
Ada stared at Jake and he looked awkward.  There was a long drawn out silence and she could see beads of sweat forming on his forehead and falling down towards his nose.  Eventually he replied, but his voice was a mere whisper.  “Yes,” he said, “I’m definitely in.”
A cold wind arose in the room, without prior warning.  There was no time for Michael to even try and do anything.  It blew everything around in the room, lifting the tablecloth off the dining table and hurling it towards the roof, where it stayed, suspended.  Grit was in everyone’s eyes and a thick white coating of dust covered everyone including Juno.  Saffie screamed and clasped Charles’s withered arm.  Michael moved towards Ada and pushed her on the floor.  “Everyone down,” he commanded, “and cover your heads with your arms.
“Let’s get out of the room,” shouted Charles.
“No,” said Michael, “stay where we are.  The door’s locked.”
Jake sprinted towards the door, but the wind and dust was beating him back.  He eventually made it to the door handle.  “He’s right...it’s either locked or stuck.”
And then the lights went out.

An awful screaming started.  A wailing that should have been locked away somewhere on the pages of a horror novel. But it was real and in the room with them.  Pictures fell from the wall. The fire went out and smoke filled the room.  The wailing intensified and within the spiral smoke that was now taking over the room.  A vile apparition appeared.  It wasn’t human but it looked like a human with its stomach hanging out.  Bloodied entrails swung from the creature’s stomach followed by a potent smelling pus that began spreading across the carpet.  
“Keep your eyes closed,” shouted Michael, “don’t look at that thing.”
“What bloody happens if we do?”  Charles shouted back.
“It will turn you to stone,” said Michael.

“The Gorgon,” whispered Jake his voice curdling with fear.  “Is that who it is?”
“Yes,” said Michael, I think she may have come for Charles.  The Gorgon’s blood was used at the Temple of Asclepius to heal Charles, I think she wants her blood back.  He had his arm around Ada and Juno was wedged in between them.  He noticed that the dog’s body was tense, her muscles were tight and her breathing was almost nonexistent.
“As long as we don’t look at her we’ll be okay.  Just keep your eyes shut.”
“Will she go?” asked Saffie.
“Yes said Michael but it might be some time.  Her sight’s not good, she can’t see us on the floor.
Charles groaned, “I don’t believe it, first the Man in the Moon and now the Gorgon.”
They crouched in the darkness for what seemed ages while the Gorgon roamed around the room.  There was a putrid smell of death that no one could fail to notice.  Ada whispered, “So if we look at her we turn to stone?”  
Michael clasped her hand tightly, “Yes, so make sure you don’t look.”
“What if she looks at her own reflection?”
Michael looked at Ada in the darkness.  He couldn’t see her beautiful face but he could touch it.  He traced her nose and mouth with his slender fingers.  “Then, she turns to stone.” 

Medusa, turned around the room, she was looking for something but she didn't know what exactly.  She vaguely remembered that in her youth she had been pretty and she had turned men’s hearts.  She wanted to know if it was still true.  She did not believe the expressions of those that she had turned to stone, mortals, animals and gods.  There was always the same revulsion.  She needed to see for herself.  That was why she was summoned to this room.  A man had come to her in a dream.  He was wearing a red fedora hat.  She could not see his face.  He said that what she would find in this room would be an end to her desire to see her reflection.  He also told her that the mortal who took her blood was there and that she was to kill him.
Michael knew what the gorgon was looking for.  Ada had brought that to her attention.  “Ada,” he whispered, “wasn’t there a mirror in the dining room.”
“There were two,” Ada replied, “but I fear that creature has smashed them.”
“We need to find them quick,” said Michael, “I need some help...”
“I’m with you,” hissed Jake.
“Me too.”  Charles’s voice was like a slight movement in the wind. 
“We need to find some of the broken mirror,” whispered Michael, “and show it to the Gorgon.  We’ve got to do it quickly.”
“How?” said Jake. 
“Get down on the floor, crawl to where we think the mirror is.  Pick up the biggest broken piece we can feel and then find a light and show her face to her...and that’s it.”
“Hey presto,” whispered Charles, “and she’s all stone.
They looked toward the floor they could hear a soft scraping sound.  It was Ada, gingerly picking her away along the floor.
“Ada get back now,” Michael’s voice echoed with urgency and the Gorgon heard and grunted.
“No,” she softly said, “it’s my house and I know the layout best.  I’ll bring a piece of mirror back.”
Charles tried to grab her.  “Let her go,” said Michael, “she won’t let us down.”

Ada felt she was crawling in hell.  She imagined she could feel serpents wriggling all over her body as she made her way along the ancient Persian carpet.  She knew where the mirror had been.  Huge and adjacent to the fireplace.  She heard rumbling.  The gorgon was in the same part of the room as her.   She squashed low down to the ground and felt its awful scaly feet, dig into her as it raked over her body and she could hear the hissing of the snakes growing in her hair.  Slowly it moved to the other end of the room, knocking over furniture as it went.  Ada seized the moment and crawled to where the broken mirror was.  In the pitch of darkness she found the pieces of broken mirror and grabbed them under her arm and crawled her way back to Michael.  The Gorgon sniffed the air and thundered back down the room. She had smelt Ada.

Ada could smell the fetid breath of Medusa as the creature hissed along towards her.  So quickly she picked up the largest pieces of the shattered mirror and scurried along the perimeter of the room, but the Gorgon still came after her.  Ada felt her inner thighs become clammy.  She realised that she had wet herself with fear.  It was lucky that she knew her way around the room because she started to crawl towards Michael with the Gorgon in hot pursuit. She heard a low growl.  Juno had come to get her and wrong foot the Gorgon.  The Gorgon found the scent of the dog and then raced around the room, while Ada made her way back to Michael.

“I’ve only got pieces, I’m afraid.”  
“That’s fine,” said Michael, “You did very well.”  
“We’re gonna need these now,” said Jake.  In the darkness he passed Michael a small roll of sticky tape and a tiny torch.  “I always keep these in my pocket for emergencies.”
Michael smiled into the darkness.  “Good we do need them.”  Ada passed him the mirror pieces and Michael quickly stuck them together with the tape.  He gave Jake back the torch.  “Here, when I say so, turn the torch on.”
Michael stood up and shouted.  “Medusa, over here.”  He waived his hands and the Gorgon turned, making the sound of a rusty metal door being opened.  Even in the darkness Michael kept his eyes closed.  He waived again and the Gorgon moved closer towards him.  
The Gorgon stood in front of him.  Ada felt her heart beating so loudly it was going to explain.  
“Here,” shouted Michael, “Look at yourself...Jake lights please.  Everyone, eyes shut tight until I say open them.”
Ada put her hands over Juno’s eyes as the dog closed her lids.
The torch illuminated the mirror and the trashed room.  They were all lying face down in the room there eyes tightly closed.  Michael now had his hand fiercely over Juno’s face and Ada’s face was buried deep into his chest.  Charles was moaning quietly and there was the odd sob coming from Saffi.  Jake was holding his breath.

Medusa was shocked to be bathed in light, she normally walked around in the near darkness and at first she didn't focus on the mirror.  But it was in her face, so she lumbered closer.
Go girl, thought Jake.  Do it, thought Michael.  Please God, prayed Ada.
Medusa stood in front of the mirror; it shined like a mosaic work of art.  She moved closer and looked...

She saw what she wanted to see, a beautiful golden haired princess with wonderful blue eyes.  The colour of the Mediterranean Sea in August.  A rosebud mouth and perfectly white teeth.  A smile to enchant the angels.  I am beautiful she thought.  I knew I was.  And then the mirror cracked even more and she saw what she really was, a vile creature.  Her eyes staring, uncaring and dead looking.  Her hair a tangled mass of dirty yellow serpents.  The look on her face was so hideous but before the creature had time to scream.  
She turned to stone and slowly cracked and disintegrated.  
All they heard was something like a terrifying landslide.
Eventually Michael let them all open their eyes because he knew the threat of Medusa had gone.  They rubbed their eyes, and still fearful they stood up.  To the side of the room near to where the French windows had been was a pile of dust.  They looked closely as thousands of tiny spiders scurried away into the night air.
Joseph bounded down the stairs, “Is everything okay?  I heard a lot of noise and smelt burning.”
Michael let his lips swim to a pursed pout.  “Don’t worry.  We had a minor hiccup – nothing serious.”
Outside, sitting in Ada’s Bentley was the man wearing the red fedora, and he didn't look pleased.
Michael looked up at the stars.  “That’s it.  We all need to get away for a while.  Somewhere safe.”

Charles poured them all another chilled glass of Chablis and they were pensive as they looked down towards the small harbour which was covered in a cobweb of twinkling lights.  The warmth of the evening and the smell of the gardenias mummified their nostrils and for a brief moment in time, they forgot they were murderers and just ordinary tourists.
“It’s fabulous here isn’t it,” remarked Charles sighing as he took another sip of his beloved wine.  “Do you know what I could easily end my days here.  Turkey is intoxicating and also very addictive.”
Saffie stroked his head.   “If that’s what you want Charlie.  Then let’s do it.  Don’t let’s go back.  Ever.”
He smiled at her, and the lights in his eyes twinkled brighter than those illuminating Kalkan harbour.  “I appreciate it Saffie, I really do.  The way you look after me.”  He kissed her with a passion which he hadn’t found yet but which he hoped to in the near future.  “But I owe Ada and Jake too much.  I can’t back out now.  Not until it’s really all over.”
Ada and Michael looked away, feeling like interlopers.  But Jake just stared.  His face an expressionless mask.
“I hope you’ll all enjoy your stay here,” said Charles.  “I thought that my villa would be too small for all of you which is why I rented the one next door as well – to give us all space.”
Michael nodded, “It was a good idea Charles.  Ada and Juno and me are comfortable in there.”
Jake sort of smiled.  “And I’m with you, so that’s okay.”  He patted Charles on the back and Charles looked at him in a way that Ada noticed made Saffie feel uncomfortable.
Juno stirred near to Michael’s legs she had been in a deep sleep but a troubled dream had disturbed her.  “Well,” said Charles, “to be honest I think we can all do with recharging our batteries for a few days...and what better than in this fabulous place.  I just wish that Joseph had stayed...we needed him.  Plus he was an okay sort when you got to know him.  Really self-deprecating.  He didn't wear those awful egos that adorn other rock stars.”
Jake smiled and took a long drag on his cigarette, “Yeah, he was an okay guy...I wish he was still here.”
Ada winced, “Yes, it’s really sad...I wish he was still around too.  I felt he really was one of us...until he got involved with Hazel – then he was all over the place.”  She looked wistful, “still that’s it now, Joseph’s gone and we’re still here...but my, it’s certainly very pretty here.  I’ve never been to Turkey before, I’ve never wanted to but it’s beautiful.”
“Well, continued Charles, “I suggest we finish our wine and then make our way down to the town there are some super bars and the walk down will clear our heads...We can get a taxi back so don’t let’s hold back on the drink!”
They laughed and toasted each other.  They were behaving exactly like holidaymakers now.
They took torches, just in case, and made their way past the rocks and down towards the village, following a small path lit by pure moonlight and they all felt privileged to be in such a magical location.  Although the man in the red fedora who was following them didn't think quite the same way as them.  His cloven hooves were encased in velvet tasselled slippers and the walk was painful for him.

After dinner they decided they would go to the far end of the harbour as they had noticed a small bar, open aired but with strategic wind breaks around it.  There were mosaic tables with tiny night lights, Ada thought she was dead emotionally but something made her stir.  She looked at Michael.  He returned her gaze but it was a very thoughtful one.
Jake decided that he would join them later.  He claimed that he wanted to walk around the harbour.  He needed to clear his head.  Ada didn’t believe him; she thought he had a hidden agenda, but what, she didn’t know.  Michael eyes drilled into Jake’s back as he left them to walk along a dark part of the harbour.  Juno looked up at Michael and he scratched the dog’s head but he wasn’t smiling.
They spilled into the bar and Charles was up quickly ordering gin and tonics for everyone.  Addictive Turkish music was playing.  Very soon they were all up dancing with a few of the locals.  Even Juno joined in by chasing her tail and barking loudly.
Outside a mist quickly moved in over the harbour.  A strange occurrence considering the night had previously been clear and full of bright stars and a zealous moon.  But the mist hid them from Michael’s eyes and he stopped dancing and went towards the entrance.  Juno padded behind him.  The mist was coming in fast.  He didn't like it. 
Charles came up to him.  “That’s strange isn’t it?  The night had been so clear. It was all starry and beautiful.  How can this have happened?”
“I don’t know.”  Michael was about to turn back when in the darkness a voice screamed.  It was English and snobbish.  “Do something for God’s sake.  There’s a man in the harbour and he’s being chased by two huge whales...”

“Good grief,” said Charles, “what on earth are whales doing in Kalkan harbour.”  But his thoughts fell on deaf ears.  Michael had gone, running quickly towards the water with Juno in hot pursuit.
The others followed as well.  Michael stood at the water’s edge.  Ada thought he looked hesitant.  “It’s Jake isn’t it, in the water?” she said.
“Yes.”  Michael’s features were set. 
Two gigantic creatures leapt out of the water like flying fish.  One had a huge gaping mouth which belched water out, causing a mini tidal wave in the midst of the beautiful harbour.  Then they both dived into the depths again.  “What are those things Michael, they’re not whales?” asked Ada.
“They’re sea monsters.  I’m going in”.  He jumped into the bleak water.  Juno was about to follow him but then she padded back to Ada.
“I’m going in too.”  Charles started undressing.
“No, you’ve been through too much already.  You’re not strong enough.  I’m going to find your friend Charlie.”  Saffie had stripped down to her underwear.  She rushed past Charles and blew him a kiss.

The water was dark and murky.  It was freezing cold and it smelt dreadful, pungent of dead fish.  Saffie inhaled and then quickly dived into the depths.  She couldn’t see a thing.  She didn't really know what she was meant to do but she was compelled to do something.
She dived deeper, as if she was swimming into a black hole.  She was on the sea bed, but that couldn’t be possible.  And then she saw him, Jake, chained to the seabed by terrible lengths of seaweed and anchored down with huge barnacles.  His eyes firmly closed.  He already looked like a dead man.  She swam over to him but she felt her lungs were exploding, she must get to the surface quickly.  She couldn’t help Jake.  She had no knife or anything that she could untie him with.  Where on earth was Michael.  She felt faint and was in the throes of losing consciousness.  Then she heard a soft voice.  “Come on my dear let me help you.  You must get to the surface now.”
She opened her eyes, and an old woman dressed in a severe black swimsuit was looking at her.  “I can’t where’s Jake?”
“It’s all right my dear, I have him with me as well.  Come on please.  Let me guide you upwards.”
Then she fell asleep, the water was hot just like a bath.
“Saffie wake up please.”
She opened her eyes.  She was confused.  Charlie was looking down at her.  He turned her on her side and green water spewed from her mouth.  She heard spluttering nearby.  It was Jake.
Ada knelt down beside her.  “Saffie, where’s Michael?  Did you see Michael and Juno?”

In the depths of the harbour waters, Michael and Juno battled the sea monsters who were as old as time.  The devil had called them to help him with his fight against Michael.  The creature called Scylla tried to suffocate Michael and crush his body.  She had six long necks topped with six terrifying heads.  She wound all of them around Michael’s body as she tried to crush him.  Meanwhile the other sea monster, Charybdis, with a huge gaping mouth which sucked in vast quantities of water, ferociously sucked in Juno intent on drowning her.  The dog put up little resistance as she was powerless against this creature.  Michael fought to be rid of the monster’s heads as it squeezed and squeezed.  He saw Mount Olympia and then he saw Ada and he wanted to cry.  He closed his eyes, ready to embrace the end of eternity.  But then a huge god powered through the waters.  
	Poseidon, did not like the sea monsters.  Charybdis had her mouth torn from her by the god and Juno appeared from the whirlpool of water that had been coughed up.  She swam towards the harbour.  Next Poseidon turned his attention to Scylla.  He ripped each head off her six necks and she fell to the sea’s graveyard as Michael rose to the surface.  Michael watched in wonder as Poseidon slowly left, soon he was away from the protection of the harbour and the sea beckoned him home.  A beacon lighting the way to Olympia.  

Charles was worried, Saffie had slept more or less for three days, opening her eyes only occasionally to sip water or eat egg custard.  She said she didn't want a doctor.  She was young and normally fit. She wanted to heal her body naturally.
In her villa, Ada was worried about Michael, he too had taken to his bed after they pulled him out of the sea, there was a dark cloud passing across his face and she even heard him speaking sharply to Juno, something which she had never heard him do before.  Yet still the dog was faithful to him.  While Michael slept, in troubled fashion, the dog slept close to him on the floor.  Her sleep appeared deep and healthy.  Yet she woke up a couple of times barking furiously and it made the hairs on Ada’s neck prickle.  
Jake was different though he behaved as if nothing had happened.  He seemed positively cheerful which Ada didn't quite get.  His appetite had increased and his usually angular face had filled out a bit.  Ada found it unsettling and wanted to discuss it with Michael.  But he was no longer there for her.  He was back in his own world or so she thought.  But she needed to rouse everyone soon.  There were acts of retribution that needed to be carried out and they needed to be done quickly.

Michael was in his bedroom.  He had closed the door and closed Juno out of his life.  The dog lay fully stretched outside his door; she was sobbing quietly.
He lay on the bed looking up at the ceiling but he wasn’t really seeing it.  Instead he saw stars, so bright they resembled neon pearls lighting the way for him to go home. The moon was huge and raw and it was spitting fire coloured mist.  And the backdrop was shadowy mountains: the sky had succumbed to a night which should only have been for lovers.
He sat up in bed, quick yet almost like a robot.  It was if he had merged, the piece of him that was a god and all the lack of emotions, had blended with Michael, the man who was here, living in the present on earth for only a short time.  Bringing with him all the deceit, jealousy and lies of the human being.  And for that split second in time he wanted it all.  He wanted to get drunk.  He wanted to smoke and do drugs.  Most of all he wanted to smell the odour of good sex.
He rushed out of the room.  His eyes, very blue, but tinged with a pearlescent madness and his normally neat hair was sticking up aloft from his head.  He ignored Juno and she whimpered.  He rushed onto the terrace.  Kalkan’s lights were still twinkling.  He poured himself a large glass of malt whisky; Charles had thoughtfully left a variety of alcoholic drinks and their accompaniments on a sideboard.  Michael crumbled up in pain.  He wasn’t used to the strength of this particular malt and it burnt him to his pit.  But he accustomed himself and was soon drinking freely, like mortals did when they wanted to annihilate all pain and feeling.
Ada noticed the lights on the terrace and trembled.  Was it another visit from the devil and his demons again?
She tip-toed towards the terrace.

Michael stood in front of her with a crystal tumbler nearly empty.  “Hi Ada,” his voice was unsure and he looked at her like a little boy who had been stealing sweets.
“You’re drunk,” she remarked.
He laughed.  “Yes, I wanted to know what it felt like.”
She smiled.  He was showing his vulnerable side, almost human.  “What else do you want to try?”
“A line of coke for starters.”
She looked horrified, “Well I don’t think I have any in the villa...”
“Yes you do,” he said, “I have some.”  She watched in horror as he removed a small plastic packet and a credit card from his pocket.
“Where on earth did you get that?”
“I found it in Jake’s room in the other villa.  It was tucked away in his holdall.”
“You stole it?”
He giggled, “If you say so.”  He moved to a small table decorated with glass candle holders, it was a Turkish antiquity but he probably didn't notice that.  He expertly did a line and cut it, using a well-worn rolled up ten pound note that was also in his pocket to inhale.  He came up for air and his eyes were huge like blue caverns, and the irises were pulsating.  “Join me.”
Ada  looked horrified, it was something that she had done with her sister years ago, when for a time they both fell into a depraved way of living.  But now she felt compelled to join him in his destruction.  She bent over and he guided her so that she snorted two lines straight away.  She felt as if she was looking at herself outside of her body.  She felt good, hot.  Michael was behind her and she felt his lips on her neck.  

He made her whole.  He very nearly healed her.  But not quite.  There was not one part of her body that he left unkissed.  She pushed her fingers onto his back, digging her fingernails into his flesh as she traced the muscles in his back.  She felt ever injury that he had ever had.  She stroked his jaw line and still the kisses rained down on her.  She licked his long, feathery eyelashes and he never blinked.  
Throughout their lovemaking, his eyes never closed once and she was aware of the deep stare like a bottomless ocean and he took her to another level.  She fell in love with Michael, the human, not Hermes the god.  It was the first time she had ever experienced a love as bare and raw as she was now experiencing and as the stars exploded high in the sky so they exploded in her inner self and she knew that whatever happened, she would never ever be the same again.  
His mouth explored her body and she felt a warm feather-like breeze mix with his kisses.  She opened her eyes.  They were floating over Kalkan harbour, making love.  Suspended in time in the most magical of fashions.   The harbour lights twinkled furiously as they met the soft, sparkling sheen of the gentle water.  It was beautiful, a wonderful place.  Her legs tightened around Michael’s waist and every nerve in her body flickered across her face and then they moved into his face, until they became one....

Morning rudely crept into her eyes and she pushed her face down into the pillow to take away its unforgiving stare.  She looked at the other side of her bed.  It was empty.  Had he ever really been there or was it just one of her simple, fairytale like dreams that happened occasionally to free her from her nightmares.  She sighed and there was an urgent knocking on the door.
It was Jake, “Ada come quick, something terrible has happened.”
Ada rushed from the room, “Jake whatever’s up?”
Jake’s face was ashen, “It’s Michael…”
Ada looked into Jake’s fearful eyes.  “What’s wrong with him?  
“He’s been crucified.”
“Crucified?”
“Yes,” Jake’s skin was pale.  “I found him in the pool…”
“In the pool?”
“Yes, he was in the middle of the pool strung up on a cross…I can’t get him down.”
Ada felt her head turning., last night they made passionate love and now he was crucified…it didn’t make sense.  “Crucified?  But is he dead?”
“I don’t know…I think so, but I can’t get to him.”
She was at the pool’s edge, Charles and Saffie, were there, they were in the middle of the pool.  A cross about, 20 foot high was high in the pool at the very top spread-eagled in the crucifix position was Michael, his eyes were closed and he was smouldering slightly.
“We’ve tried to climb up to free him.  But there seems to be some invisible force and it just throws us off the cross back into the water.  I think he’s going to ignite any moment and then we’ve lost him for good.”  Charles’s ruddy face was tinged with hopelessness.
“Oh what on earth can we do…he’s smoking badly, he‘ll be on fire soon...”   Ada looked up at the sky, “Look…” 
They looked up to the sky and the sun was brilliant, they tried to shield their eyes but then they spotted a huge cloud approaching.  Very soon it had obscured the sun completely.  Rain fell onto their faces dousing out the flames that were surrounding Michael.  There was an almighty roar and then the heavens opened and the cross crashed across the pool and the patio.  
Michael opened his eyes.  Zeus.  The god had saved him after all.  He closed them again.  Unaware that everyone was in the water was trying to free him.  The magnetic  force which had earlier prevented them from doing so was no more.
The man in the red fedora, skulking at the rear of the villa, grappled with worry beads.  He was not pleased.

Rain sounded like mini shotgun fire as it hit the cobbles.  Making them glisten as they made contact with the street lamps which were just illuminated in the dusk drizzle.  Ada crossed the cobbles and pulled her Burberry raincoat closer to her slender body.  Her hair was a halo of ash blonde curls.  She didn’t have her umbrella with her and her hair so her hair misbehaved.  She thought longingly of her hair straighteners and then the moment was gone because her feet were wet.  She looked down.  Jimmy Choo shoes weren’t made for wet weather but she could never bear to wear flat shoes when she didn’t have to.
The days pre-Barney were etched in poverty.  Trainers from a charity shop were the name of the day then.  But now anything….No not anything she thought.  I have nothing.  I don’t have my darling Sophie.  And I don’t have Barney.  She picked her way along the path and her dainty heals made a light tap tap.  She was deep in thought and didn’t notice two demons who passed by.  One was hissing and the other had a bright orange tongue.
They waited in the shadows of dusk as she caught the grocer’s shop before closing.  She came out with a laden bag and made her way back to her gated residence, a smart bijou flat in Hampstead.  She pressed the code on the wrought iron gates and then walked through with her shopping.  The demons watched intently.

Michael was curled up on the sofa and Juno was in the same state lying on the floor.  She pottered around the flat, trying to be as quiet as possible because he had been exhausted on arriving back in London.  He had slept a lot and his dreams were all rancid.  She had spent nearly every night smoothing his brow and cajoling him with comforting words while receiving hostile glances from Juno.
One night he came into her room but only in a dream.  He told her in that intense way that he sometimes adopted that their lovemaking had been a one off; a mistake and it wouldn’t happen again.  But you did want it and you did enjoy it?  She asked him.  But he never replied.  The next day Juno was a loving dog again.

Michael came up behind her in the kitchen.  She turned around and dropped a glass.  “I’m sorry,” he said, “I shouldn’t have done that.”  He smiled and she felt embarrassed.
“I’ve recovered,” he continued, “I’ve repaired my body and my mind.  We have to go on.”
She smiled.  “That’s good.  I was hoping you’d say something like that.”
He returned her smile, although his eyes didn't.  “I’ve contacted Charles and Saffie, they managed to get a flight from Antalya.  I’ve phoned Jake, he’s meeting us at the lake.”
“I don’t understand.”
“The guy who kicked the lights out of Joseph’s lover...he’s been released...he lives in Windermere and he’s already causing havoc there. Some people never learn...”
“But Joseph doesn’t want to know.”
Michael looked sombre.  “He might not want to Ada...but we’re not called the Retribution Club for nothing.  And he’s on our list.”
Her smile was thin.  “I agree with you.”

Michael decided that Juno should travel to the Lake District in the people carrier that Charles and Saffie had hired.  It would be more comfortable for her.  Besides Ada and himself would be travelling back in it as well.  Jake had decided to hire a huge BMW bike.  He was staying in Ada’s Kent home and would travel up from there and meet them at the planned rendezvous.  He said that it wasn’t safe to use Ada’s fleet of cars.
Ada thought Michael appeared edgy when he bought them two first class tickets to Windermere.  He also bought some magazines, all about fishing and settled back in the carriage and read them.  Ada smiled at him.  He was a god, and there he was reading fishing magazines.  No way would she have thought he would have been interested in fishing.  Ada took a magazine out of her bag.  Vogue, she enjoyed reading it occasionally, more for the fashion than anything else.  She looked at the front page and gasped.  Strange that she had not noticed before.  A woman dressed as demon adorned it.  She didn't dwell on that and quickly turned the page.  Michael glanced at it quickly.  He looked down the aisle another woman was reading the same magazine, however her front page showed an ordinary model, no demon.  He shook his head and went back to his fishing magazine.
Unfortunately, the train was crowded and they hoped that there were not too many other people around but just before the train pulled away and elderly couple quickly took the seats on the opposite side of the aisle.  The woman, petite with snow white hair, smiled at Ada as she sat down.  Ada nodded in recognition and then settled back with the magazine. Although in reality, she was going over in her head the arrangements for when they arrived in Windermere.  The old lady’s husband, well she assumed it was, reminded Ada of an eccentric professor.  
The train pulled away making all their heads bob up and down just like the train journeys she remembered from her childhood.  The old lady’s head though did not stop bobbing up and down and Ada noticed she was trying to knit but her hands were trembling violently. She dropped one of her knitting needles and Michael bent down and picked it up for her.  She noticed that Michael held the woman’s gaze for a mere second or so.
“Thank you,” said the old man, “my wife suffers from Parkinson’s Disease.  It makes her very unsteady.”
“Oh it’s worse than that,” remarked his wife, “it’s so bad that I want to kill myself.  Well on most days anyhow.”
Michael smiled at her, “Don't say that, life is very precious.”
The old lady scowled.  “If you are in good health then life is indeed precious.  But if you’re like me...well you might as well be on the funeral pyre.”
Michael leaned closed to her, “How long have you suffered from it?”
“Too long.”  The old woman started dribbling slightly and her husband leant over and wiped her chin with a tissue.
“About 10 years,” he said and looked sadly at his wife.
“And it’s been awful,” his wife remarked.  “I wish I was dead...but you know what,” she looked at Michael with pale cornflower coloured eyes.
Michael smiled, “What?”
“If I could have my life over again, knowing that I would get Parkinson’s Disease when I got older, and knowing that there was no cure...then I would really live.  No afternoons in bed for me...I would really live...and then, ending up like this, wouldn’t be too hard for me.”
She flopped back in her seat again, and her husband looked pained and he clutched her hand.  Ada was surprised to see that Michael had tears in his eyes.
Ada smiled at the couple.  She was intrigued as to why Michael was so interested in the old couple.  She decided to go to the buffet car to get coffee, as no one seemed to be coming down the aisle.  Michael only wanted a mineral water.

The buffet car was more crowded than she thought but she waited patiently in the queue.  Unaware of the man in the red fedora standing behind her.  She was deep in thought. Sophie had taken charge of her thoughts.  She was unaware that all the other people in the buffet car were identical, like waxy mannequins.  They started to close in on Ada and they were getting hotter and hotter which started the wax to melt.  At first dripping slowly onto Ada and then as they jostled her the wax was beginning to pour over her and the burning started.  She screamed as three of them moved to embrace her.

Michael was politely listening to the elderly couple but then Ada came into his mind and she was screaming.  Abruptly he left the couple and made his way to the buffet car, pushing people out of the way as he went.  He arrived at the car and saw that a lot of people had congregated outside but were unable to enter.  He pushed his way to the front of the queue.  “There’s no need to push and shove,” said the man at the front of the queue, “the buffet car’s closed due to unforeseen circumstances.”
Michael ignored the sign on the door and forced his way in.  He could see Ada in the midst of a group of mannequins And she was slowly burning.  Quickly, he found the fridge and covered the slow moving dummies in ice cubes and frost and held cold drinks over Ada’s scorching skin.  The dummies slowly turned to ice.  Michael closed his eyes and rubbed his hands over Ada’s face, the redness and burning subsided on her face and body and by the time they left the buffet carriage, she was back to normal.  The crowd trying to get into the buffet car surged past him but the door remained firmly locked.
Michael helped Ada back to her seat, she had minor burns and was shaken but was all right.  
“We wondered where you had disappeared to,” said the lady sitting the other side of the aisle.
Ada looked up.  To begin with she didn’t recognise the woman.  But then she realised it was the elderly lady but now she looked twenty years younger and there was no sign of Parkinson’s Disease.  Her husband smiled too.  He was younger but still looked eccentric. Michael had given them both back the time they dearly wanted.

On arrival at Windermere station they took a taxi to the hotel they had pre-booked.  It was a wonderful place overlooking the lake and when they arrived a delicate lacy mist covered the view from their bedroom window like a slightly out of focus camera.  
Ada was embarrassed they were sharing a room after what had happened previously between them. And Michael obviously did not want to speak about it.  They were ensconced in the most romantic suite in the hotel which boasted a huge four poster bed, with a richly embroidered canopy and Michael announced that he would sleep on the sofa.  Ada didn't argue with him.
She raided the mini bar and poured herself a whisky while Michael went downstairs for a look round.  But he wasn’t gone that long. 
“Jake’s arrived,” said Michael as he rushed back into the room, “he’s just checked in and he passed Saffie and Charles on the motorway.”  He laughed softly, “Juno was looking out of the window, and she spotted him...”
Ada tried to smile.  The dog meant so much to him.  Far more than a mere woman ever could.
“Are Charles and Saffie, still planning to come along for dinner once they have checked into the cottage?”
Michael frowned, “I think so, they’re going to leave Juno in the cottage, but as soon as they phone to say they’ve arrived, I’m going along to see her.”
One man and his dog thought Ada, but the irony did not appear on her face.

The dining room was old fashioned but very welcoming.  Charles decided on quails eggs for starters, followed by braised pheasant with a lime and ginger sauce.
“This is absolutely beautiful,” he remarked as he tucked into the pheasant, “it’s perfectly done.”
Ada smiled.  She played with the sea bass on her plate.  “The fish is good but I guess I’m not in the mood for eating.”
“Me neither,” Jake pushed the chick-pea and pepper casserole around his plate.  He looked serious, “so how’s it panning out Michael.  What have you discovered?”
Michael stopped eating.  His food didn't look appetising.  He ate a lot of tofu and it always looked bland Ada thought and she assumed tofu was in the dish in front of him.  She thought that all the gods loved food and drink.  If that was so, then Michael was the exception to the rule.
“Well,” he said, “I’ve found out that Kieran’s killer is now calling himself Chico Fernandez...”
“He had a British sounding name before”, remarked Ada.
Michael grimaced, “Well that was when he was arrested.  Now that he’s out he presumably didn't want to use his old name, so he changed it.  His mother’s Hispanic, so I suppose he called himself after one of his relatives.”
“He’s a complete arsehole,” remarked Charles.
Jake looked agitated, “None of that’s of interest really...have you found out anything interesting?”
“I was getting to that.”  It was Michael’s turn to look agitated.  “For whatever reason, he decided to relocate to the North of England when he got out.  Perhaps he thought there might be reprisals if he stayed in the South.”
“Is he working?” Saffie asked.
“Oh really....pleaaaaase Saffie, scum don’t work.”  Charles raised his eyebrows.
Michael laughed, “Charles is right of course...he’s not doing an honest day’s work but surprisingly there are quite a few low life in the area.  And what do you know?  He hooked up with some of the other gang members who have since been released and they have all relocated now to this part of the world.  They have also palled up with some creatures who already live in the area.  But whatever, he’s now part of a gang of misfits.  They mug and rob wherever possible.  Arrange dog fights.  They’ve even raped a couple of times. But as of yet no murder...”  He continued eating.  He had said his piece.
Charles took up the baton, “Not yet folks...but I can feel that murder is on their agenda at some stage.”
“When do we take him out?”  Jake’s face was expressionless.
“The sooner the better,” remarked Ada.
“Well don’t forget, we’ve got to plot Chico’s movements first,” remarked Charles.
“Why?” asked Jake, “get a good piece and then...BANG...he’s gone and we’re all happy.”
“I’ve traced his movements,” said Michael, “and he doesn’t really have any...he’s a low life yob.  He does the same thing every day...tomorrow evening, him and his mates, will be down at the water’s edge.  Torturing a few ducks.  Perhaps maiming them with airgun pellets...like they normally do.  Then they’ll open a few cans and roll a few spliffs.
He stopped eating again and his eyes glowed like fire diamonds.  “We’ll do it tomorrow evening.”

Ada was getting ready for bed when Michael returned.  He looked dishevelled.  
“I’m sorry,” he said, “I didn't mean to disturb you...I didn't think that I’d be back so late.”
“Where have you been?  When we went to the bar, you vanished.  I was worried.  I thought the demons had got you.”
He smiled boyishly, “Only my own demons.  Actually, I went to see Juno again...but she’s okay.”
“You love that dog don’t you?”
He looked embarrassed, “she means so much to me, she’s...”
“More than just a dog.”  Ada’s eyes were watchful.
“Yes,” he stuttered, losing his cool exterior, “she is more than just a dog.”
Ada sighed and looked desperate, “Look we’ve had another long day, I’m off to bed now.  Are you sure that you’ll be comfortable on the sofa?”
He smiled, “I’d be comfortable anywhere.”
“But not in my bed.”
He looked to the floor and she could see he was swallowing hard.  Perhaps he is fighting his inner demons, she thought.
“What happened before Ada was a mistake.  It shouldn’t have happened and it can’t happen again.  Please go to bed now.”
He heard the door close and when he looked up she had gone.  He held his hand on his forehead.  Perhaps he was becoming more of a mortal than he wanted to be.

Everyone, including Juno gathered behind trees near to the water’s edge.  They were all feeling the cold and Charles was passing his hip flask amongst them.  Michael declined but Jake took the most sips.
“Hey Jakey boy,” remarked Charles, “Steady on that’s got to last us...”
“It won’t be much longer,” whispered Michael, “they’ll be here any minute.”
“How many of them?” asked Jake.
“Probably no more than six or seven.”
“Are we going to take them all out?” Jake asked again.
“We are not cold blooded murderers,” said Michael, and his icy words penetrated their already chilled bodies.  We don’t want murder for the sake of it do we?  We want retribution.  But I suppose if they get in the way....”
“Take them all out,” said Charles, 
“Don’t worry,” said Ada, “none of them deserve to live.”
Michael stared at her but because of the darkness she couldn’t see the distaste powdered on his face.
“Listen,” said Saffie, “I think I can hear them coming.”  Ada glanced over at her, Saffie’s eyes were glowing huge in the moonlight.
“Will we have to fight off the demons as well?” asked Charles, “his voice getting smaller and smaller.
“I sincerely hope not,” said Michael but I’m ready anyway, just in case.
There were about 10 of them in total.  Chico, carrying a shot gun, leading the braying pack as they made their way to the water’s edge.  They were swearing profusely and drinking out of cans which were flattened and then chucked into the beautiful lake.  Someone spotted a loan duck, quick as a flash Chico aimed his gun and the poor creature stopped swimming forever.
Saffie gulped.  She hated cruelty to animals but when she remembered what this Chico had done to Joseph’s lover her blood run cold.  He had no respect for animals and even less for humans.   He deserved to die.  And she was ashamed at thinking such a thing.
Adrenalin was running high now amongst the Retribution Club.  No one wanted to make a mistake.
“Is Chico the one with the gun?” said Charles.
“Yes, he’s wearing the green checked hoodie,” said Michael, “he likes to stand out...Jake are you ready?”
“Take him now.”  He stroked the barrel of a large Smith & Wesson.
“Okay said Michael, he had a Heckler & Koch machine gun over his shoulder.  He was acting as back up.  “I’ll shout his name and then hopefully he’ll turn round and then you can shoot. Are you okay with that?  I don’t want you to have to shoot him in the back?”
Jake nodded, he didn't want to shoot him in the back either, that was a coward’s way of doing things.
Jake removed the safety catch.  And clenched the gun with two hands.  He stood up and then crouched slightly.  Chico was firmly in his vision now.  Michael moved forward a few yards and shouted.  “Hey Chico.”
The youth turned round and Michael could see clearly his drug fuelled eyes filled with hate.
And then...the quick sound of gunshot cut through the night air.  Gunsmoke circled like mist and Ada coughed as she inhaled the smoke.
There was no time for running and screaming.  All ten youths lay dead on the floor.

The Retribution Club were dumfounded.  Ada looked at Jake.  “I didn't shoot,” he said looking distressed.
“Don't look at me,” said Charles, “I’m unarmed.”
Michael ran back his face was the colour of alabaster.  “Someone beat us to it.
“We had better get out of here,” said Ada, already starting to pack up, “the police will be here soon and we don’t want them to find us and our guns...”
They quickly packed up their things.
“But don’t we want to know who did it?” Charles looked irritated.
“No, someone did the job for us.  That’s all we need to know.”  Michael appeared shocked.
Saffie’s face was burning, “but the others that were killed...just one of them might have been innocent to violent crime...just gone along for the fun of it.”
Michael looked wistful, “It’s one of those things Saff.  We are here, hell bent on revenge because atrocities have been committed against people you have all cared about in the past.  They were innocent too.”
“None of this lot were innocent.  They were all vermin.  Now they can all burn in hell, it’s what they deserve.”
The voice boomed from the darkness.
Emerging from the mist was some kind of large hunting dog, a sandy beige colour.  It was nearly as tall as Juno but not quite.  When the dog aggressively approached Juno, its amber eyes were flashing.  Juno returned its stare and the dog whimpered and cowered on the floor, lying on its back with its paws pulled up just under its chin.
“What’s wrong with you boy?  What’s happening?”
The owner of the booming voice loomed into view.

Michael looked at a giant of a man.  He must have been nearly 7ft tall.  He was of a large build but full of muscle, not fat.  His hair was long and matted and tied into a pony tail. And his weather beaten face was framed by a long crudely clipped beard.  “I repeat myself brother, “they were all vermin and they all deserved to die.”  He looked at Michael with intelligent eyes the colour of autumn leaves.  
Michael stared at him for some time.
“If you say so.”
“I do say so.”
“I believe you…but how come you are here?”
“What are you?” interrupted Charles, “Some kind of vigilante?”
“I’m like you,” replied the man, “I wanted retribution.”

Ada looked shocked, “How do you know about us?”
He smiled at Ada.  “Because I responded to your ad in the paper…but you never replied.  I watched you all arrive here and then I put two and two together…especially when I saw you loading all the firearms and stuff into your car.  You looked like what you are -a bunch of rich people hell bent on revenge and then I knew that you were the Retribution Club, the club that didn’t want me as a member.”
“I’m sorry, I can’t remember your application,” said Ada, “but you must understand, it takes a lot financially to fund our operation, I had to get people who were wealthy.”
“I understand ma’am…besides I’ve been going it alone now for some years…and it all worked out fine.  I just thought that it would be nice to meet folk who thought the same way as me.
“What’s your name?” asked Michael.
“I’m known as the Hunter,” said the man.
“Who were the ones you took out?  Did you know them?”  Michael’s voice took on a gentle tone.
The Hunter’s eyes filled with tears.  “I knew of four of them…the other ones were your yobs.  Those four gang raped my daughter at this very spot six years ago…and then threw her body into the lake  She couldn't swim very well and she drowned…The juridical system worked in their favour.  For rape and murder they only got five years and they laughed and heckled throughout their trial.  But I was waiting for the bastards when they got out…I waited this last year until the time was right…and tonight it was…”
Ada took the man’s large calloused hand.  “I’m so very sorry.”
“Don’t be,” said The Hunter, “because I feel good now…better than ever…it was worth it.  When my daughter died I felt dead too.  But now I feel alive.  Retribution is worth it.”
I knew it, thought Ada, and a smile reached her heart.
“But what have you been doing all the years while you have been waiting for them to be released from prison?” asked Charles.
“I bided my time, made sure that I got everything right so I wouldn’t be caught…also had some fun with some low life that I met along the way.”
“Did you kill them too?”asked Jake who had been strangely silent.
“No.  Sometimes I tortured them or just beat them up a bit…I told them if they did anything I didn’t like I’d be back for them…”
“Did it work?” asked Jake.
“I don’t know,” said the Hunter, “but I’d like to think it did.”
“Why didn't you kill them then?  The other low life that you met?”  Jake was serious.
The Hunter looked into space.  “It wouldn’t have felt right.”
Ada looked worried, “Look we had all better get going now, the gunshot; the police will be on their way soon…”
“No they won’t,” said the Hunter
“But their families will be concerned.” said Ada.
“I told you before, they’re vermin…no one will care.”
“But the gunshot...” said Charles, “people will have heard.”
“If they did hear, then they wouldn’t have been interested,” said the Hunter, “that’s what it’s like here.”  He looked at his dog.  “Come on Spider, we’ve got to go now...”
But Spider was occupied.  He was staring lovingly at Juno who stared back at him with almost flirtatious eyes.  For all the seriousness which had happened, Ada was amused.  “I think your dog likes Juno.”
The Hunter watched Spider and then he watched Juno.  Then he looked at Ada was sad grey eyes.  “I think poor old Spider’s out of his league with Juno.  She’s not just a dog...”
Ada smiled and she invited the Hunter back with them but he said it wouldn’t be safe.  So she gave him a card with a number on where he could contact her if he needed her.  He gave her a scrap of paper on with a number written on it.  “In case you need me.”

The Retribution Club drove back to the hotel and the cottage.  On route an old VW camper van overtook them and hooted.  A large dog looked out of the window.  Michael flashed his lights in acknowledgement.
They pulled into the hotel drive and Ada and Jake got out.  Michael carried on with Saffie and Charles, and Juno.  
Ada got ready for bed and she waited for the sound that Michael had returned to the sofa outside her room.  She willed him to return, not because she wanted a repeat performance of what had happened in Kalkan.  It was just that she felt so safe, knowing that he was just outside her door.  He really was her protector she thought.  All the scrapes they had got into, she was so grateful that he was around to protect her.  She couldn’t begin to imagine life without Michael.  It was strange she thought as she drifted into an uneasy sleep, she would miss Michael more than she was presently missing Barney and he was her husband.  Her priorities were all wrong she decided.  But still, she decided, as she yawned into the unease of dreams, Sophie and her darling little face and ways was still the gigantic must in her life.
Her eyes closed and her arm fell limp out of the bed, and she was, for a short time, reunited in her dreams with her beloved daughter. 
Outside, rain was falling, but it was a light pitter patter and Michael and Juno hid themselves firmly in the grounds of the hotel, watching the man with the red fedora as he was swinging mischievously from the balcony directly above the hotel entrance.
Let us do the watching for once, thought Michael, and see what he gets up to.  Juno looked up at Michael and wagged her tail in agreement.

In the morning when Ada woke up she knew that Michael had not returned to their room.  She could always smell him when he was around.  It was a distinctive smell, which she always found pleasant and comforting, but now there was no comfort in the air.  Slowly, like a robot she dragged herself out of her bed and into the shower room.  She gazed at a reflection in the mirror that she didn’t recognise.  Her appearance was frightening.  When, she thought, this is all over, I think I need to do something about my fading looks.
She was going to contact the others, but then decided they could wait until after breakfast.  Michael must be okay because she would have heard from one of them otherwise.
In the breakfast room she was surprised to see Michael already sitting there, reading a newspaper.  He was wearing spectacles.  That surprised her as well because she had never seen him wearing them before.  
“Hi,” he smiled when he saw her.  “I’ve already ordered juice and toast for you - brown?”
She returned his smile, hoping that she now looked better than when she first got up.  “That’s fine but I’m desperate for coffee.”
Michael winked, “it’s already here on the table…”
She sat down and they breakfasted in silence.
“I didn’t get back last night.”
For a brief moment she felt married to him.  “I noticed.”
“But it’s okay you were safe.  Juno and I were watching the hotel from outside.”
“All night?” she looked quizzical.
“Until the new day!”
“Why,” she asked, “what were you looking for?”
“A man in a red fedora.”
“And did you…find him?”
“Yes, we found him.”
Ada sighed, suddenly she felt weary.  “Michael who is this man?  Is it the devil?”
He poured himself some coffee. “No he’s not the devil but he’s a close associate.”
“A demon?”
“Something like that.  He causes the havoc that has befallen us all at some time.  He’s the devil’s fixer and he often watches us.”
“Do you see him a lot?”
“No, only once or twice so far, because he manages to hide himself well...but there is someone amongst us who sees him a lot.”
Ada downed her knife and fork.  “Who?”

Michael looked serious.  “It’s okay Ada there’s nothing to worry about really.”
“Well I think there is.  Who is it?”
“Jake.”
“Jake?”
“Yes.  I think what happened is that originally he never had the money to put down as a deposit and the devil helped him via the man in the red fedora.”
“The devil helped him?”
“Yes, but I don’t think Jake really knew what he was getting himself into.  I think he was desperate to join the Retribution Club but didn't have the money and then out of the blue, this chap arrives on the scene...”
“The man in the red fedora?” Ada looked angry.
“Yes, and he was the answer to all Jake’s money worries.”
“But I don’t understand how?” Ada looked pale.
“Well, the devil knew that Jake didn't have the money so sent the chap in the red hat – sort of as a loan shark...well Jake’s in deep with him now and the red fedora is now asking for the money back with interest and of course Jake doesn’t have it.”
“I see,” said Ada, “so what’s next.”
“Jake is in grave danger.”

Ada watched Michael as he buttered toast.  Briefly, she smiled inwardly; he was becoming too mortal-like now.  
“Look don’t worry Ada,” he said, “I’ll watch him, and I’ll try and speak to him.  He’s not a bad guy.”
“But we can’t trust him.”
Michael stopped buttering the toast, “Yes we can.  We have to. He’s one of us.”
In his hotel room, Jake perspired heavily.  Standing opposite him was the man in the red fedora. He wanted Jake to murder Michael in return he wouldn’t ask for the money back.

When Ada looked at the clock in her head, she was surprised to find that it was Christmas Eve again.  She couldn't believe that she was back once more to where it all started and the Retribution Club had been firmly on her mind.  She thought back to last Christmas Eve when she was decorating the tree and the little god appeared.  She had looked for him when she was last in St Helier but couldn't find him anywhere.  This year, Christmas in the Lake District should have been wonderful but she had wanted to be on her own with her thoughts, Sophie and Barney and possibly allow Michael to penetrate them.  So she refused a dinner invitation from the other members.  They celebrated with good spirit, although Michael and Juno went off and did their own thing for most of the time.  
However, she rejoined society when New Year’s Eve crept up on the Retribution Club.  There was no celebration of their first anniversary though, not after all they had been through.  They decided to meet at the cottage to discuss the next stage of their operation and Saffie and Charles said they would cook something.
Jake, Michael and Juno enjoyed a day in the woods near to the hotel.  They also went out on a boat on the lake.  No one heard anything about any bodies being discovered..  
The hotel had a small spa and Ada and Saffie decided to spend a day of pampering.  Charles went shopping in the morning.  He bought some outdoor gear, some food and a couple of books on the Lake District.  He decided he would return in the summer with Saffie - when all this business was over.

Ada could hear Michael in the shower and she desperately wanted to be in there with him.  Just when she thought that she was emotionally and sexually dead he came into her life and in one magical evening he made her whole again.
She brushed her skin; it smelt of Moroccan rose courtesy of the spa.  Her hair was pinned up and ash blonde tendrils framed her face..  She dressed in a black fluffy cashmere sweater and a beautiful rose coloured chiffon skirt decorated with hundreds of crystal beads.  Sheer black tights and Christian Louboutin black patent heels completed the outfit.
“You look beautiful.”
Michael was standing in the bedroom doorway.
“Thank you,” she said, turning her face away from him.
“And it makes me sad.”
She turned to face him.
“Because…I really want you…”
“Stop playing games with me Michael because you know I’m yours if you want me.  I’m sick to death of your excuses.”
Michael looked away, “I’m sorry Ada but that’s what I do – play games.”

Jake drove Ada and Michael in the hire car down the lane to the cottage.  It was twilight and someone had hung fairy lanterns in the trees and bushes near the cottage giving it a magical air.
Charles and Saffie were the perfect hosts. They greeted the others with kisses and Juno wagged her tail in excitement.  They had decided that until supper was over they would just behave like old friends.  They would discuss work later.
Charles had made a wonderful fruit punch which they all had including Michael, and there was a watered down bowl of it for Juno.
Dinner was excellent.  Saffie had concocted rack of lamb and Charles had rustled up some vegetables, Brussels sprouts, swede and puréed potato whipped with cream and port.  Dessert was Charles’s speciality: lemon soufflé.
They laughed and joked and then it happened...
The New Year celebrations.  The clock had not yet struck midnight when they heard loud bangs.  They opened the French windows and went outside in the back garden.  There were hundreds of lights shooting across the sky.
“Oh they’re shooting stars,” squealed Saffie.
“No, they’re not,” remarked  Charles, “it’s fireworks.”
“No matter what,” said Ada, the sky looks wonderful, as if it’s on fire.”
Jake laughed, he was mellow this evening and loosely draped his arm around her shoulder.  Only Michael looked concerned.

The lights pranced across the sky giving it the appearance of a giant kaleidoscope.  Jake was entranced.  It was his psychedelic experience without drugs!    
They laughed and gasped with pleasure as the bright lights increased in size and revolved.  Everyone started getting motion sick.  By the time the lights exploded into the garden, the Club members were lying on the ground, semi conscious.
The lights shattered on impact, they were like large glass eggs and inside each one when it broke was a kind of embryo about an inch and a half wide and it quickly grew up, into a bright leopard-print bat with glowing red eyes and a punched in face.  Their fangs were long with serrated edges.  Michael and Juno regained their consciousness “Oh no, quick, everyone up and get indoors, they’re vampire bats,” shouted Michael.
Not quick enough.  About twenty of the small vicious creatures descended on Charles.  He screamed as the creatures bit deep into his flesh and sucked and sucked.  And as they did so became engorged with his blood.  Saffie was screaming, she removed a shoe to try and beat them off but they wouldn’t budge.  A couple turned on her.
Michael grabbed Jake and urgently whispered in his ear.  Quickly Jake vaulted over the sharp garden hedge and ran away into the darkness.
Juno crouched low and growled softly and then louder, the bats were hovering in a circle around her but they appeared reluctant to attack her.  Her growl was deafening and she jumped over the circle of bats and onto Charles’s back ripping the bats off one by one – twisting them so that their necks were immediately broken.  Due to the weight of her, Charles fell to the ground.  All the bats were lying on the ground.  Michael pulled Charles to his feet and dragged him through the French windows.  Saffie look in horror as the dead bats slowly came to life. “Indoors now,” shouted Michael and the three of them rushed inside.  Juno was right behind them.
Saffie looked as if she had witnessed her own death.  “Where’s Ada?” she screamed. 

Michael rushed outside.  In the moonlight, surrounded by at least 50 of the things, stood Ada, rooted to the spot.  Michael could taste her fear.  A light flashed in his eyes.  He realised that Ada was wearing a small golden cross around her neck.  He sighed, that would give her some sort of protection but it wouldn’t last.  The evil that was contained in the bats, was the devil’s work and the cross would not keep them at bay forever.  He needed Jake.  And he needed him now.
He told Juno to go and watch Ada and then he ran back into the cottage.  Inside, Saffie was seeing to Charles’s wounds, oblivious to her own.  “What can we do,” she wailed, “we must save Ada.”
“Yes,” muttered Charles, “can’t you do something; after all...you're meant to be a god.  Well go on for heaven’s sake, save Ada.”
The tears fell down Michael’s face.  He wanted to but he couldn’t. Every day he spent on earth made his power weaker and now he didn't have the energy to overcome those creatures.
The cottage doorbell rang loudly.

Joseph Corinthian stood at the door.  He registered the surprise in Michael’s eyes as he opened the door to him.  He also registered relief.
“Hi Mike...Jake phoned me the other day, he told me what’s been happening.  I’m back because I wanted to see you.  He invited me for the New Year...so here I am...”
Michael slapped him across his broad shoulders.  “Good to see you...look quick...Ada’s in terrible danger...you don’t happen to have anything silver on you do you?”
Michael smiled and rushed out to the drive to where a beautiful shiny Bentley was parked.  He opened the door and Michael watched as he dived under the front seat.  “Do you mean like this,” he said when he run back to Michael.
In his hand was a beautiful engraved solid silver revolver.
Michael smiled, “I hope it’s real – does it have silver bullets?”
Joseph smiled, “Would it use anything else?”
Michael pulled Joseph over the threshold, behind him was Jake he was red faced and out of breath.  
“Do you have everything?” said Michael.
Jake nodded.
“Good man, let’s get into the garden quick, Ada’s surrounded.

Juno was in the garden circling the vampire bats as they were getting ready to pounce on Ada.  The cross was keeping them at bay for the time being.
Michael beckoned for Joseph and Jake to follow him.
The bats looked on suspiciously as they arrived.  Jake was dragging a high speed jet water cleaner with him.  Instead of it being filled with water it was filled with liquefied garlic.  He found a convenient electrical socket which was thoughtfully situated on the patio and switched the machine on.  High impact garlic juice was immediately sprayed all over the bats, they were shrieking and squealing.  Joseph moved in on them, firing the antique silver pistol, it wasn’t the quickest of weapons but it was doing the job. Juno rushed through the dead or dying mass of bats and guided Ada back towards Michael and the others, Saffie ran to comfort her.  Then the moon clouded over.  “Good grief,” said Charles, “What’s happening now...”  A loud buzzing noise had started up.
“Those were just the foot soldiers,” said Michael, “here come the cavalry.”
Huge bats about six foot tall, dived from the sky, their malevolent red eyes glowed in the darkness and their huge bloodied fangs were ready to rip out the throats of the Retribution Club members.
We’re done for, thought Jake, my homemade bat juicer can’t compete with that.  Joseph looked worried, he was running out of ammunition.  A giant bat had dive bombed Saffie and had its vile claws on her neck when an elegant silver arrow ripped into its neck and it fell from the ground.  Michael looked up towards the sky and the moon reappeared and what seemed like thousands of tiny silver arrows tore through the air.  Michael smiled, as a huge goddess flew into view.  A beautiful warrior, armed with beautiful silver arrows.  She fired furiously on to the bats who turned direction and flew away.  The goddess looked down at Michael and winked as she hotly pursued the bats who screamed in agony as the silver arrows found their subjects.   Michael waved as she disappeared from view.
“What on earth or rather who on earth was that?” Charles said.
Michael smiled widely, “She saved us.  It’s Artemis...”
Ada looked far up into the sky, “the huntress,” she said and she looked puzzled .  “Is she anything to do with the Hunter we met at the lake?”
Michael smiled, “the huntress can take many forms”

Carnage was left behind in the cottage.  They all worked hard to get rid of all battle traces.  Some of the damage couldn’t be repaired though, broken glass and ruined furniture.  Charles said he would just explain an over-zealous party and give the letting agents more than enough for the damage.  Of course they wouldn’t want him as a client ever again.  And they all laughed at that as they helped themselves to drinks while they got cleaning.
It was early morning and the New Year was already taking shape.  The deep night sky was replaced by a watery grey hue, flecked with dirty azure flecks.  A loan rooster crowed and there was the faint twittering of birds, nestled in the oak and pine trees which surrounded the hotel and the cottage.  Michael, Jake and Ada had stayed at the cottage, they were too weary to leave and besides they wanted to be cocooned by the rest of the Retribution Club.  Ada didn’t realise how much she had missed Joseph.  It was so nice to see his easy going, handsome face and floppy blond fringe looking down at her when she woke up.  The three of them, Michael included and of course Juno had all slept in the lounge.
Saffie started them off for the day with strong percolated coffee which had a photo of the Blue Mountains of Jamaica on the packet.  Charles was humming to himself and beating up eggs to make omelettes.  They all crowded round the oak table in the kitchen, one of the few places that had been unaffected by the visit from the vampire bats.
“Let’s get away soon,” remarked Michael, he munched quietly on a cheese and herb omelette.
“Wow now this omelette is good,” remarked Joseph, demolishing it quickly.
Charles beamed with pride, “One of my many specialities, omelette making...”
The others all laughed, and Saffie hugged him.
“I agree,” said Jake, his face was as grey as the sky outside.  “We need to be away from here, quick like.  It’s not good...what with the dead kids...”
“As soon as we’ve cleaned up, we’ll be off...”  Charles broke away from his breakfast.
“And what of Satan and the others?  Can we expect more?”
“Yes,” said Michael, stroking Juno’s back. “But not for now...but that’s not to say that we should be off our guard and become complacent.”
“No, of course not,” remarked Ada.  “We need to think what we’re going to do next – Jake’s problem, needs doing...”
The others looked at her.  
“Well, can’t you think of anything to say?  Jake how do you feel?”
His almond shaped eyes were huge, “I want to do it but I have problems...Michael knows.”
“I know too,” Ada said, “but we can still do it...if you want?”
“I want,” he said, “but I’m not sure that I can do it.  I haven’t got the guts...I’m frightened.”  And with that he broke down.  

Michael rode the bike back, and Ada was pillion.  Jake was too traumatised to even to attempt to ride it.  He rode back with Charles and Saffie.  Joseph followed behind in his Bentley.  Saffie drove the people carrier, Charles was up the front and Jake and Juno in the back.  Jake was sweating badly.  
Charles turned his head and saw Jake’s terrified face, “It’s okay my boy everything’s going to be all right...we’ll get there in the end.”
Jake started crying, “We’ll all rot in hell that’s what’ll happen.”
Charles smiled at him.  I think he’s having some kind of breakdown he thought.  I need to help him.  To get him sorted out.
A motorcycle passed them at breakneck speed, they thought it was Michael but they couldn’t see clearly as a black cloud had flown overhead and the sky had opened and spewed hail and rain down on their windscreen.
It wasn’t Michael and it wasn’t the man in the red fedora.  It was Jake Cotton.  Jake screamed as his likeness rode past him, turning his head and grinning wildly.

“Pull over,” screamed Jake, “pull over.”
Saffie skidded to a halt and almost landed in a ditch.  “Jake what on earth’s wrong?”  
Jake clasped his hands around Juno’s firm neck and started sobbing.
Charles thought of his son and how he wasn’t with him when he died.  “Come on my boy, stop that, what’s wrong?”
“I saw me,” Jake said, his voice rasping, “on that motorbike, it was me riding it...”
They heard a noise.  Michael was easing the powerful bike in behind them.  Both he and Ada got off the bike quickly and ran over to the car.  “What’s wrong?”  Michael’s face was ashen.
“It’s Jake,” said Charles, he was trying to suppress nervous laughter, “he’s spooked, he saw himself riding past on a motorbike.”  Charles laughed loudly and then he too started crying.  He looked like a little boy lost.
“I think we’re all spooked,” said Michael, “we’re going to drive a bit further until we are near to London and then we are going to find somewhere to stay overnight, if everyone is agreement.  Somewhere that’s comfortable with a pool and spa facilities, we all need to chill out.”
Everyone was in agreement but unlike Michael, no one was bothered whether it was a spa or not.  In the end they found somewhere which looked like a country manor just outside Richmond which accepted dogs as well.

They quickly made their way to their rooms. Charles announced that Jake was going to stay in the room with both him and Saffie.  He was too frightened to stay on his own.  Ada and Michael had managed to book a suite.  So in effect all three of them would be together.  Ada was in the bedroom with Juno and Michael and Joseph would be outside.
“But nothing’s going to happen is it?” Ada asked, “We’ll all be safe won’t we?”
Michael swallowed hard, “I hope so.”
That night they all dreamt the same dream.  They were buried alive.

At breakfast they were in sombre mood.  Everyone mentioned their awful dream and the fact they had all dreamt it.  
“It’s as if our brains are all connected,” remarked Charles as he tucked in to egg and bacon.”
Michael looked grim, “something like that Charles…but it means that we definitely shouldn’t get complacent.  There’s more to come for us.”
Jake shuddered at the end of the breakfast table and didn’t notice the waitress when she came and placed his breakfast in front of him.  “I’m terrified,” he admitted, “I don’t know what to do.  Michael, if I stop being part of all this, will I be let off the hook?”
Michael lay down his knife and fork.  “I’m sorry Jake.  You know that it’s too late for that now.  The devil knows that we are out to get the chap who ran your mother over.  And borrowing money from the devil’s associate doesn’t help matters.”
“The man in the red fedora?” Jake’s face was puce.
Michael nodded, “Yes.  It’s for that reason that we all have to go through with this next act of retribution.  If we succeed then we do the devil a lot of damage…and the debt gets written off.”
Ada’s eyes were wide and saucer-like.  “How does it get written off?”
Michael smiled and his eyes were transparent grey, eyes that were not human.  “The man with the red fedora dies.”

The hotel had originally been a coaching inn.  Ada reckoned it dated from the 19th century.  It had been modified and extensions had been built.  There was a nice pool and a small spa.  They all decided, Juno the exception, to go to the pool and the spa.  But Jake decided to give the pool a miss because he remembered what had happened to Mrs Peasbody, so he decided to go straight to the spa.  The rest of them entered the pool.  The water was just right and they floated on their backs.  Waiting for something to happen.  But nothing did.  Ada was wearing a discreet black swimsuit with silver piping and she was aware that Michael couldn’t take his eyes off her.  In turn, she was amazed at his torso.  He didn't appear to have any fat on his body, he was all muscle and tendons.  In clothes he looked slim and graceful but undressed...he had bulging biceps, the physique of an ancient god.  She saw Charles watch as Michael slowly entered the pool and then launched into a fearsome backstroke.  He was like an anatomy lesson come to life, the triceps were pulling and the latissimus dorsi were in overdrive.  She couldn’t help but see the look on Charles’s face as he looked at his own withered arm and then at the fine physique of Michael.  Joseph had the body of a well preserved rock star a slight paunch surrounded by some muscle.  A small tattoo of the Eifel Tower was etched finely on his back and she made a mental note to ask him at a more suitable time what it signified.
Their relaxation was interrupted by the high pitched scream of an animal.

They rushed outside. Juno had been hoisted upside down and then strapped to a tree.  As Michael rushed towards her, he could see blood dripping of her body.  Around her neck, was a metal chain that was cutting into her neck and it was also being pulled tightly as it was attached to a small electric car which was gathering speed as it moved away from them.  Michael’s eyes flashed with anger and pain as he looked up at the dog, her eyes were bulging and her tongue was hanging out.  
Michael roared loudly and ran after the car.  Jake and Joseph followed quickly behind.  Michael overtook the car and then pushed his hand on the bonnet which brought it to a halt.  Joseph and Jake ran back to the tree and carefully untangled Juno and placed her on the ground.
“Is she going to be all right?” asked Ada.
“Yes,” said Michael, “once she’s had water and I’ll clean her up, she’ll be okay.”
Ada backed slowly away from Michael’s eyes.  They were blazing with fire.

Del Smart had always been a bad one.  Even when he was lying in his crib, he managed to sit up, when he was too young to do so and rip off his mobile of farmyard animals and pull them to the floor.  He was torturing animals with severity by the time he was five.  And once in his teens, he was lawless.  He had murdered twice and got away with it.  People said he was Satan’s own son.  He used to laugh at that, but secretly he liked it.  It was better than being the son of a twenty stone lump who never worked and had a penchant for day time TV, fizzy drinks and bags and bags of crisps.
Unfortunately, for Del, he stole a car and ran over a Paki woman and got banged up for it.  But the judge must have been in cahoots with Satan because he received only a minimal sentence.  In a few days time he would be released.  And boy was he going to go for it big time.  Women, drugs, stolen cars, a bit of burglary - the lot.  He was one of the multitude that prison couldn’t convert.  And he loved it.
He lit a roll up and watched the sun go down behind the watch tower.  A crap view, but better than the one his bedroom used to look out onto – the gasworks.  The sun was glowing red, like a ball of eternal fire and he looked away to relight his ciggie and when he looked up again, the sun, was in flames and hurtling towards his barred window.

It seemed to Del that a part of the world was on fire in his prison cell, but instead of screaming for a warder.  He sat on his bed, not feeling the searing heat, as he watched the ball of fire burn itself out.  The fire died and the ball cracked open, inside, dusting himself down was the man in the red fedora.  Dell cocked his head and looked at him but he didn’t appear to be in the least bit surprised.
The man in the red fedora had brought him a present.  Some whisky and some cigarettes.  He also brought him some news that bothered him somewhat.  He told him that when he was released, the bloke whose mum he had run over (he remembered the sound as the car crashed over her, breaking her bones and it made him laugh: he thought it was cool) was going to kill him.  That he didn't like at all.  But he believed what the man in the red fedora said, because he had come to him before, many times in his life, but only in his dreams and he had always done what the man in the red fedora had said.  So he listened intently when the man in the red fedora told him how he could stop himself coming to a sticky end.

Michael awoke early.  He thought he heard an angel but he was mistaken.  He had slept well after the incident with Juno which surprised him.  But he was still hell bent on revenge.  He needed to find the man in the red fedora and he needed to find him fast.  He thought of calling on the gods for help but he didn't think that Zeus would allow that because he was still very much in disgrace and he had been receiving limited help from them anyway.  He looked on the floor. Juno was lying on a large bean bag.  She was sleeping peacefully.  Michael closed his eyes and remembered Juno in her goddess form.  Did Juno ever recall that she had been a goddess, if so, did she ever want her old life back?  Zeus is cruel thought Michael.  I never realised it before but the gods are so cruel.  No wonder the mortals stopped believing in us.  The things we did to them.  Juno grunted softly and Michael smiled.  Whatever she was now, she was contented.  But in the depths of his mind was the beautiful goddess with the waist length black hair and the deep jade eyes that could drive a man to all sorts of things.  Michael knew that he was certainly paying the price for his reckless behaviour. He looked at her neck, expertly dressed by Ada, even now the wounds had faded.  
As each day passed he grew more and more fond of Ada, as much as a god can with a mortal.  He shook his head to redistribute all thoughts of her and her soft body lying beneath his.  The memory of her would remain long his mind, even when she ceased to exist.  But the mortal thoughts he had, sometimes consumed too much of him and he believed his was in love with her.  And he felt sorry for Juno for what he had done.  It had ruined them both.
He looked out of the window.  Ada was outside practicing a kind of tai chi and the early morning sun delved between the strands of her newly washed hair making it sparkle and it moved softly around her face egged on by a playful breeze.
He decided that he would go and see the tarot reader.  She would help him locate the man in the red fedora but he needed to take Jake with him as well.

Michael dragged Jake out of bed, he didn't really want to go off with Michael but he had no option.  Michael told Ada that they wouldn’t be in for lunch and probably not dinner but they would be back.  He asked Ada to take care of Juno.  He borrowed Ada’s bright red Ferrari and just as he and a worried looking Jake were about to get in the car, he asked Ada to repeat a special word in the mirror if they should not return.  She looked worried and Jake looked even more worried.
Michael put his foot down and soon they were racing down on the M23.  Jake raised an eyebrow.  Michael smiled, “We’re going to Brighton to see a fortune teller.”
“Did you phone in advance to make an appointment?” asked Jake.
Michael laughed loudly, “If she’s any good, she’ll already know we’re coming.”
The journey continued in silence.  But just outside Brighton, Jake decided to speak.  “I’ve never been to Brighton before you know.”
Michael smiled, “me neither.”
“I’m scared.”
Michael took his eyes off the road for a minute and stared at Jake, making him squint as if he was looking into brilliant sunshine.  “I am too Jake...but we have to do something.  The man in the red fedora and everything associated with him.  We’ve got to get rid of him...else you’ll be in deep trouble.”
Jake sighed and Michael noticed perspiration falling from his forehead.  “I didn't know what I was doing...borrowing all that dosh off him...I must be mad.”
“No,” said Michael softly, “you were upset and angry and you wanted revenge.  He used your state of mind to make you an offer which you couldn’t refuse...but now we’ve got to get rid of him...”
“But can we?  He’s a demon.”
Michael sighed, they were coming into London road and the green was on the left where a cricket match was in progress.  “He’s not a demon...he’s more or less a figment of our imaginations.  Except we all see him.”
“I don’t understand...” 
Michael manoeuvred a one way system, “you don’t need to.  All you need to know is that we must get rid of him.  Look...what a great building.”
The Royal Pavilion loomed to their right.
“It looks good,” said Jake, “I’ve seen photos before.”
“It’s wonderful,” remarked Michael and carried on towards the seafront and the Regency pier.  Michael looked intently at the pier as they drove past.  This was where the tarot card reader was, Madame Babouska.  He didn't want to park near the pier though, so drove the car, its engine humming into the large car park that was the near to the Odeon cinema.  He knew that the man in the red fedora was following them.  But he didn't want to let Jake know that.  Not yet.

They made their way along the sea front.  It was a fine day, sun and deep blue sky.  It reminded Jake of a Wyoming sky.  The sky he always saw on old westerns.  Yet the breeze was nippy and as they approached the pier, he could see the seagulls, flapping in mid-air like ugly humming birds as they eased themselves near to hands full of bread that were outstretched from the pier.  Once they had bread in their beaks they were off up into the air, soaring over the sea, like paper machete and feather hang-gliders.  Quick on their tails were one or two formidable crows who dived-bombed the outstretched palms as they grabbed the bread.
As Michael and Jake walked onto the pier, Jake was aware of a sentry of crows lining the way.  He was worried.  Were they the good guys or the bad guys?    Michael smiled, “they’re the good guys, it’s okay.”
Jake went to look astonished but then decided it wasn’t worth it.
They had arrived outside their destination.  A small wooden hut, quite near to the ghost train.  Large black and gold letters “Genuine Russian Countess – Madame Babouska – the very best clairvoyant in the world”.

They looked at the door.  “Well,” said Michael, “let’s do it.”
A thousand charms whistled in Jake’s ears as they opened the door.  A strident gale closed the door behind them.  The room was in complete darkness.  
“Come in please.  Come closer, please.”
Jake was surprised when he heard the voice.  Not what he was expecting at all.
They walked further into the room, along a dark musty smelling tunnel. Far too long for a small wooden hut on the pier.  The voice got louder and their journey was far longer than Jake had imagined.  Eventually they approached a figure sitting at the beginning of a cave.  Slowly the lights came on and Jake rubbed his eyes and when he looked again he was in a room that wouldn’t have been out of place in a cottage.
“Come closer, please let me see you.”
The clairvoyant sat at an ebony table, she gestured for her guests to be seated at the other side. Madame Babouska was a beautiful woman of no more than 25.  She wore her luxuriant dark hair long. It cascaded over her shoulders like a fine silk shawl.  She had penetrating deep brown eyes.  They were huge in her tiny alabaster face.
“You are young,” said Michael, “not what I expected.”
The girl laughed, her huskiness echoed throughout the cave.  “My gran was the original Madame Babouska, she was from the East End of London.”  She sighed, “But she’s dead now and my mum doesn’t have the gift...Just me.”  She smiled, “So tell me, what do you want to ask me?”
Michael smiled, “we want to find someone.”
The lights dimmed and Madame Babouska spread her tarot cards across the table, with light fingers so quickly, that both Michael and Jake didn't see her do it.”
She laughed again, “an illusion I’m afraid, but a good one.  Right now, both of you concentrate.  Who do you want to find?”
“A man who wears a red fedora hat.”
She stared at Michael.  “You want me to find a man in a red fedora hat for you?”
“Yes,” said Michael.
“May I ask why?” said the clairvoyant.
“Because he is evil.  We see him.  But we need to know where he roosts.”
The girl placed her hand in her hair, and for the first time Michael could see she was wearing a wig.
“What do you want of this man?”
Michael smiled, “to be rid of him from earth.”
The girl smiled and looked intently at the cards.  She grouped them together and shuffled them once more.  “Now you shuffle the cards for me and then split the deck in two and let me know which half you want to use.”
Michael shuffled the cards as quickly as the girl had initially spread them out on the table.  He smiled at her, “Just an illusion,” he said.  He handed her the cut cards to his left.
Like lightening, she spread the cards on the deck once more and then she peered at them intently.  The cave filled with a furious wind and the cards flew around the room.  Dust swirled everywhere.  Michael and Jake shut their eyes and Michael secretly opened one.  Madame Babouska’s wig had flown off and her bald scalp was tattooed with a brilliant coloured hieroglyphic design. Michael opened both eyes to look at her head and then without warning her head ignited and exploded like an erupting volcano. “Quick,” shouted Michael, “we’ve got to get out of here, keep low to the ground.”

They more or less flew out of hut and then back onto the pier.  Both of them looked frazzled, peeling and singed.  But apart from that they were okay.  It was dark and the pier had closed so there was no one around to see them.  “Well, that was hair-raising,” said Jake, gasping for breath.  
Michael smiled gently, beginning to understand a human’s sense of humour.  “I’m afraid Madame Babouska is no more.”  
“Was she in with the devil?”
“Probably.  I don’t know...that was a pointless exercise though. Just wasting our time.  Come on let’s get back to the others. We must find the man in the red fedora.”
“Yoo hoo, over here.”
Lights illuminated the carousel, and the horses started going around. Michael and Jake stood up and shook themselves.  Riding around on the carousel, pushing his legs up and down in the air like a child, was the man in the red fedora.  He waved madly at them and had a demonic smile across his face.
Whoosh and he was gone.

They sat in Ada’s study, trying to read each other’s thoughts.  Michael explained to them what had happened in Brighton.  
Charles was the only one drinking - a malt whiskey, the others, apart from Michael who was sipping mineral water, were all drinking strong tea, in striped porcelain mugs.
Ada sighed; she looked like a Nordic princess.  “Was Madame Babouska in cahoots with the red fedora man?”
Michael pushed back so far in the leather armchair, until he was almost horizontal.  “I don’t know, I don’t think so...to begin with I thought she was a part of the devil’s set up but I really don’t know.  I think that perhaps the devil just used her as a channel to get to us, to try and kill us on the pier.”
“Perhaps she was his daughter or his wife,” said Charles.
“No...I don’t think so,” said Michael, “there might be a connection, but I don’t know...she definitely wasn’t his wife or daughter because he’s homosexual.”
Charles raised an eyebrow, “He is...now how do you know that?”
Jake interrupted, “Because we met some weirdoes on the way out of the pier, a bunch of mediums...”
“Were they there to exorcise the pier?” Charles raised the other eyebrow.
“Something like that.”  Jake looked at Michael for reassurance.
“Whatever...Anyway,” Michael continued, “his name’s Jerome Cowley-Smith.  He’s in his fifties and he is a Satanist.  Apparently he used to live in a big house at Hurstpierpoint.”
“I see,” said Charles, digesting what little information he had been told, “so where does this individual live now?”
He looked at Jake, there was terror swirling around in his expressive eyes.  “What on earth’s wrong son?  Jake opened his mouth to speak but no words would come out.
“That’s the trouble,” said Michael, “he’s been dead over ten years now – so he doesn’t really live anywhere.”

Silence hit the room like a sharp return serve in a tennis match.  Charles punched his chest.  “Good grief, now we’re fighting the dead.”
Michael helped himself to a large brandy.  “No, not really, he’s just a spirit that appears from time to time.”
“And Jake owes a ghost money?”
Everyone looked at Ada.  Her eyes were unusually bright. 
Michael smiled at her, “Well sort of....”
They poured more drinks and talked far into the night, until the clouds changed from navy to permanent black.  But at least they knew what they had to do.

Ada was sleepy she could hardly keep her eyes open.  She watched Michael go up the stairs before her.  She thought it strange that Juno did not pad up softly behind him.  Instead the dog gave him a long look and then made her way back to the study.   Ada stretched her neck and watched as the dog flung herself onto the floor and then quickly curled herself up into something resembling a foetus.  I wonder what’s wrong with her Ada sleepily thought.  At the top of the stairs Michael stood at her bedroom door.
He smiled, “Do you feel too tired Ada, or can I show you something?”
Just the tone of his voice, made her bristle with alertness.  “Of course, I’m not so tired now.”
He smiled widely this time.  “Good, then can you go and put on some clothes suitable for a walk to the beginning of the forest?”
She shuddered, she wanted to be tucked up in her bed, not prowling around the forest plus they had a lot to do to get ready for the visit to Hurstpierpoint.  “I’ll get changed,” she said quickly.
Michael took her hand, as they made their way to the bottom of her expansive garden and then he guided her over a style.  It made her sad because he did not clasp her hand the way a lover would, it was more like a big brother sort of thing.   She could see his smile illuminating the darkness.   She sighed.  She knew that he could read her thoughts.

They walked deeper into the forest.  To begin with all she could see was darkness but then her eyes adjusted to the night and as if by magic, a small house appeared in front of her.  She watched, transfixed, as it quickly developed, first the roof then a couple of windows.  A bright purple front door.  Then the window panes, all curled class and old curiosity shop style.  Finally, the name above the door: “Mr Bumbleshoe’s House of Magic”.  It quickly became illuminated with thousands of fairy lights as bright as tiny fireflies.
She clutched at Michael’s arms.  “It’s wonderful.”  
Her face was aglow and Michael enjoyed seeing the child in her eyes.  “Go in,” he said, “I’ll wait outside.”  He watched as fear momentarily flickered in her eyes.   “It’s okay,” he said, “you’ll be completely safe.  Trust me.  But you must go in.  I promise that I’ll be here waiting for you when you come out.”
She looked hesitantly over her shoulder and pushed the shiny door open.  

“Ada my dear, do come in.  I’ve been waiting for you for a very long time.”  The lighting was subdued and she found herself in the middle of a wonderful shop, it was full of toys and antiques.  Toy soldiers starting marching at her feet.  A soft chimpanzee bashed symbols loudly.  She laughed and walked over to a large oak counter, behind which a very old man, he looked as old as time, was sitting. He had a moon face, snow white hair and wore huge spectacles with a vivid blue tint, so Ada could not see his eyes behind them; she could only imagine the mischievous glance he was giving her.  “Now Ada,” he said with the sound of Christmas singing in his voice, “when you were a child, what was your favourite toy?”
She closed her eyes and thought and as she was about to speak.  The old man placed a beautiful, heavily decorated kaleidoscope on the counter. Her eyes opened wide and she was five years old again.  “My, my,” remarked Mr Bumbleshoe.  “Isn’t it wonderful.  A very fine example of its kind, don’t you think?”
Ada’s eyes shone with expectation, she was reliving her childhood.  “Oh it’s so beautiful...”
Mr Bumbleshoe beamed with pleasure.  “Pick it up Ada, don’t be afraid.  Look in it.  It won’t hurt you.  Gingerly she placed the instrument in her hands.  Closed one eye and began to look into the prism.  Mr Bumbleshoe removed his spectacles and his eyes whirled round and round just like mini kaleidoscopes.

She was no longer looking into the prism and its beautiful coloured glass effect.  
She was standing within the kaleidoscope and was deep within the prism.
She thought that she should be frightened but strangely enough she felt calm and at peace.  She trusted Michael and he said that she would be okay.  She was living the kaleidoscope and saw her face many times over and over again.  But it wasn’t really her face.  Because the face she saw, was happy unlike the unhappiness which shone through every pore.  Because of Sophie.  
A storm arose within the kaleidoscope and she was whirled around and around.  Changing patterns coming and going. But always concerning her face.  A young girl’s face, then a teenager’s and then a young woman and then the lifeless face of the person she was today.  And then total blackness.  The prism was no more and then the lights came on and it was brighter than ever before.  Her face was gone and there surrounding the kaleidoscope, wherever she looked, was her dead daughter’s face.  Although she was older now, a young teenager.  But there could be no doubt.  It was Sophie.
“Mummy, mummy you’re here.  You’re really here.”

The prism was in her eyes.  So bright she couldn’t see.  But she could hear her daughter speaking to her.  She looked deep into prism. It was her darling daughter.
“Sophie, Sophie my darling, it’s really you?”
“Yes mummy, I’ve always been here, waiting for you.  But you never came.  But I really wanted to see you.  I came to you in your dreams.”
Ada crumpled to the floor, “I know my darling, and you’re there every night.”
The girl laughed, “Yes but only in your dreams.”
Ada stared at her daughter, the other side of the prism, going round and round with the kaleidoscope patterns.  “Sophie can you come here, so that I can touch you.  Your hair, it’s so beautiful.  Like the harvest in spring.”
“No mummy I’m dead.   I am on the other side but have come back so that you can see me.  So that you know that I am okay.  Death’s not so hard.  And I’ll wait for you, and then one day we’ll be together.”
Ada wailed, “I want it now.”
Sophie shook her head.  “No the time’s not right mummy, but when it is look for me and I will come for you.  Death’s not so hard.  I have healed.  And I like it here.  But I’ll wait for you I promise.  Time will go on but I’ll still be here.  Waiting.  But remember mummy – enjoy your life.  Don’t make it end, just because of me.”
Ada cried loudly, but it was with happiness, she had seen her daughter and now the kaleidoscope turned quickly, Sophie’s image spun round and round in her mind.  And then she was gone.  Ada fell into a very deep sleep whereby she was hardly breathing.

Light forced its way into her eyes.  A welcoming warmth of sunlight.  She opened her eyes and they hurt so she closed them again.  There was a gentle scratching on her bedroom door. And then the handle turned, she must have forgotten to lock it.  Juno walked in. Her coat shiny and her eyes big and bright and very knowing.  Behind her, was Michael sheepishly carrying a breakfast tray consisting of toast, boiled egg and a large mug of tea.  He smiled, “it’s nearly mid-day; I thought you could do with this.”  He placed the tray on a small table near her bed.  She caught a glance of her reflection in the small mirror that was standing on it.  “Good grief my eyes hurt and they’re completely red.”
Michael looked serious, “It was the kaleidoscope, that’s what has happened, but once you’ve bathed or showered they will get better.”
She looked amazed, “the kaleidoscope, my lovely daughter...but that was all a dream.”
Michael smiled, “was it?”
“It was a dream...albeit a lovely one.  I saw my daughter as she is now...it was wonderful.”
Michael sat down on the edge of the bed and clasped her hand to his chest.  “And now you’ve met her and she’s all right, she’s doing fine.  Does it change everything?”
Ada’s eyes began to clear and exhibit their own Nordic beauty once more.  “It doesn’t change a thing however wonderful experience it was for me.  I still want that bastard dead.  Even more so now than before.”  All traces of red had gone from her eyes,

It ended up being a rather cloudy day, but the moon sprung out of the gloom to guide them on their way.  They had hired a large Mercedes people carrier.  Black shiny body with blacked out windows.  Charles looking dapper in a blazer and pressed slacks had used a fake card and drivers licence to hire it.  “Now I really feel like a criminal,” he beamed as he jumped into the back seat.  His withered arm tucked in his pocket.
Michael frowned and took his place behind the driver.  Joseph was driving this evening.  Juno gingerly made her way to the back with Charles.  Her neck was elongated and her ears were pricked.  Charles had never seen her look so glossy.  Saffie and Jake quickly took their places and Ada was the last.  Michael was worried that she was too delicate after her experience the night before but she seemed buoyant as she stepped up into the seat next to Joseph.   “Right,” she smiled, “come on let’s do it.  I’ve never been to an orgy before.”

They drove to the outskirts of Hurstpierpoint.  As they approached the large Victorian house the moon decided to blend into the shadows again.  So the sky resembled a smoking monster.  The house overlooked a man-made lake which only appeared as a shadowy rippling mass.  In the darkness Charles could make out a small tennis court and a croquet lawn.  “Just one thing,” he mentioned to no one in particular, “but are we actually invited to this party?  I mean will they let us in?  I don’t think the chap in the red fedora will be pleased to see us.”
Michael smiled, “we have invites.”  He patted his jacket top pocket.
Jake looked worried, “but he’ll recognise us?”
Michael looked relaxed, although he had one eye on the road and one eye on Jake.  “It’s a masked ball.  We’ll all be wearing masks.”
“But we don’t have any.”  Jake resembled a child who was about to cry.
“Yes, we do, I’ve brought them with me.”  Michael laughed.
Charles looked mischievously at Michael.  “I suppose they’re in your top pocket as well.”
Michael laughed, “Of course not, they’re in the boot.”
Jake relaxed a little and allowed himself to laugh.  But Charles could see that he was still very worried.
They pulled into the drive and then quickly came to a halt near some stables.  “Wait in the car,” said Michael, I’m getting our masks out of the boot.  He returned with sapphire blue glittery masks.  “Now put these on,” he said, “they’ll protect you.  The gods made them.” 
Charles looked disgruntled.  “I thought you weren’t really friends with the gods now.  How come they are now doing the tailoring?”
Michael sighed.  “I needed them, so I called them...and they came.  They do sometimes you know.”
“Well I know they’ve helped in the past of course, they helped me but....”
“Leave it,” said Ada, “Michael’s a god and he can summon other gods, even if he’s not in favour.  Just accept it please.  Anyway what about Juno?” Ada quickly put her mask on.  
“She’ll be okay, she will stay outside and alert us if need be.”
Charles laughed, “What no doggy mask for Juno – make her a poodle or a pug?”
Through his mask Michael stared hard at Charles who shrieked out in pain.  “My bad arm I can’t move it...I’m paralysed.  Help me please.”
Michael smiled, “You never learn do you Charles...never learn to be a decent human being.”
Charles’s head slumped on his chest and Michael looked away as the pain left Charles. 
Juno stood up, and jumped from the car and disappeared behind the stables.  The masks were all in position and they blatantly drove up to the front of the house.
“Oh oh.  We’re in trouble guys,” remarked Joseph, “we’re dressed in blue masks but it looks like everyone else in wearing red.”
Michael laughed, and snapped his fingers.  “No problem.”  Their masks turned red.

The car came to a halt on the pebbledash drive.  There was a queue as they waited for the cars in front to discharge their passengers.  Michael breathed deeply and Jake cleared his throat.  “But we will be found out.  We’ll be recognised…”
“Come on son,” Charles said, “Michael’s told us that we’ll be okay, the masks will protect us.”
Jake was shaking, “but what if the masks fall off?”
Charles looked apprehensive and looked to Michael for reassurance.  
“Get ready,” said Michael, “we’re getting out now.  He turned to Jake.  “The masks will not come off until we want them to.  Rest assured, he won’t know it’s you.  The masks have changed our appearance.  We look the same to each other but not to them.”  He pulled the rear view mirror towards Jake.  Jake looked at his reflection, an elegant blonde man with an aquiline nose looked back him.
A creature, resembling a giant toad, dressed as a foppish dandy helped them out of the car and gestured for them alight the grand steps.  As they did so Michael turned and looked behind him.  The creature was behind the wheel of the people carrier driving it off towards a car park.  Tracking it from the other side of the drive, he could see a stealthy panther-like animal.  Juno was almost crawling on her belly but there was no mistaking the glint from her green eyes.
A terrible rumble arose in the sky and they all looked up.  There were no stars, no moon.  “Good grief,” exclaimed Charles,” are we walking into hell?”  

The smell of death and decay took over their nostrils as they were escorted into a richly decorated baroque hall.
Ada gently placed her hand on the rich red velvet wallpaper.  “Ugh,” she looked at her hand, “it’s covered in dark brown faeces.  What on earth is this, the smell’s revolting?”
Michael’s face was drawn, the muscles below his eyes twitched furiously.  “It’s evil and it’s seeping through the walls.”  Saffie wrinkled her nose in disgust.  “Come on,” he said, “let’s find a bathroom where we can clean you up.  “We won’t be long,” he whispered to the others, “but make sure that you keep together.”  
Charles winked at him through his mask.

Upstairs they looked for a bathroom.  They opened one door and there were acts of bestiality taking place.  They had large dogs and a goat in the room.  Michael’s face looked inflamed as he slammed the door but the occupants were full of their own evil hedonism and failed to notice.
“I’m sorry,” he said to Ada, “I didn't want you to see anything like this.”
She smiled at him.  “It’s okay. After what happened to my daughter I can stomach anything.  I don’t think I’m shockable any more.”
He gave a wry smile.  “Well I am.”  They found a bathroom but Michael had to remove a copulating couple in order for them to use it.  He cleaned Ada up and then gently touched her face.  “Whatever happens tonight, I want you to know that I care about you.  Deeply.”  His face was flushed, Ada could see that even though the light was dim.
“I care about you too,” she said, “you know that, but I’ve been trying not to...”
“I know, I wish I wasn’t a god, just a mere mortal and things would be so different....”  In his mind he heard the ferocious growling of Juno.
Ada kissed him on the lips, and she wanted the taste of him to last forever.  Eventually she pulled away.  “Well, let’s leave it as this then.  We both want what we can’t have.”
His eyes were shining, like the very first night she had met him.  “If anything happens to me tonight.  Remember all that we have said.”  
The bathroom door opened and some sort of demon entered.  “Hurry,” he said, “the party will be in full swing soon.  We are going to start sacrificing.  We have a very special guest tonight.”

“What on earth’s going on?” asked Ada as Michael grabbed her by the hand and pulled her down the stairs.
“I don’t know, but I don’t like the sound of it...we must find the others...”
Charles grabbed them as soon as they reached the bottom of the stairs.  “Please help me,” he cried, “they’ve grabbed Saffie.  They’re going to sacrifice her to the devil.”
“The devil?”
“Yes, the bloody devil,” screamed Charles, “they took Saffie, and I don’t know where they’ve taken her.  Please help her.  Please.”
For the first time since she had seen him, Michael looked flustered.  “Where are Joseph and Jake?”
“Some big guy, a Nubian type, coshed them both over the head...they fought him to try to stop him taking Saffie.  I don’t know what happened to them.  I think they’re dead though.  Please help Saffie.  Please.”
Michael sat on the bottom of the stairs.  He looked around him.  Suddenly aware that the three of them were on their own.  All the other guests had vanished.  
Michael closed his eyes and his breathing was slow.  He was unaware of Ada’s troubled eyes and Charles’s incessant shouting.  He rubbed his temples and felt a mist surrounding his brain.  He opened his eyes but Ada could only see the whites.  The irises and pupils had vanished.  “Michael,” she whispered, “where are you?  Come back to me.

He knew that he didn’t have enough power left.  But he had to try.  He walked out of the front door and made his way to the stables.  In the darkness and protection of nearby trees, Juno waited for him.  Her pink tongue lolled at the side of her mouth and her eyes were large and moist.  Michael rubbed her muzzle.  “Have you found them all girl?”  The dog beat her tail rapidly and wined softly.  She began walking towards a large hay barn and Michael quickly followed.  As was their occasional custom, they walked through the wall. At the other side of the wall they did not materialise but remained invisible
He spotted Jake and Joseph.  They were tied up together, back to back.  They had been gagged and their masks had been ripped from their faces, forcibly as the magic did not want to let them go.  The skin around their foreheads was skinned and peeling.  They were bloodied and looked confused but at least they were alive.
Skirting the perimeter of the barn they walked to where the crowd of partygoers had congregated around an ornate alter.  Saffie, naked, but with her mask still intact was spread eagled and pegged out.  She was breathing peacefully.  She’s been drugged thought Michael, which was a good thing under the circumstances.  Michael touched his nose.  There was blood on his fingertip.  My power, is slowly leaving, I need to get back to my human body soon before I can be seen by the congregation here.  Before I can’t.  He looked down at Juno who had a fearful look in her eye. 
Jerome Cowley-Smith started speaking, his red fedora was tipped at a jaunty angle.  “It’s wonderful to see you all tonight.  This very special night.  We have all come together, the dead, the living and those who will soon be dead.”  He inclined his head slightly to where Jake and Joseph were.  “Ha ha Jakey Boy.  It’s the end of the road, for you and your friend.”  The rest of the congregation all chuckled with him.
“And what’s more, we got another of Jakey Boy’s friends, this delightful creature lying here who has volunteered to be an extra special present for our VIP tonight.”  Michael looked on with distaste as the man in the Red Fedora clapped his hands with glee.
He puffed himself up and took a few puffs of a cigarette attached to an elegant silver holder.  “Now, I will enlighten you all about our very special night.  Tonight our master has accepted my offer to present himself to you all.  Ladies and gentlemen I give you the Master.”  
The crowd hissed and cheered. Some of them fell on the alter and began copulating all around Saffie.  Michael closed his eyes and Juno yelped quietly.  A thunder arose outside, rumbling in the distance, but all the time getting closer and closer.  A vile stench penetrated his nostrils.  The awful smell of an abattoir.  A place without hope.  The room darkened, the intensity of the copulation increased. Michael’s power of invisibility was leaving him and he felt his body being lifted away.
He opened his eyes.  Everything was the same.  Ada was stroking his shoulder and Charles was still shouting.   
I have to save Saffie, I have to save Jake and Joseph but I can’t do it myself.  I need help.  Tears fell down his face.  Please help me.  Please don’t ignore me any longer.  I have paid my dues.  We both have and now we need to come home…
Ada looked into his eyes.  What is it Michael.  What have you seen?”
He smiled, but it was thin.  “We have to save the others. But it means fighting the devil face to face and I haven’t got the power to do that.”
Charles shot him a look of pure venom.  Michael had to look away such was the force.  “What do you mean?  You haven’t got the power to do that?”
“My power’s running out.  For each day I stay on earth I become weaker...I’m sorry.”
Charles looked as if he was going to have a major coronary.  “Ha.  You make me sick.  Losing power!  What are you some kind of battery?  Well I’m not waiting for you. I’m off to save Saffie.  I wish to God that I had never got involved with your bloody Retribution Club.”  He shot a manic look at Ada.  “It’s caused nothing but trouble.”  He ran towards the front door.  “It’s up to me and my army....I’ll save Saffie.”
“Charles, don’t be so silly.  Please come back else you’ll be in danger.” Ada tried to pull him back.
“You don’t understand do you?  After the murder of my boy I was nothing until I found Saffie.  Now she’s in danger and Jake’s in danger.  I love that boy, I’ve got to try and help them.”  He looked back at Michael who appeared to be in a trance.  “Someone’s got to try.” 
And then he was gone.  The night took charge of him.

Zeus looked across the water.  It had been a calm, Mediterranean blue but now the tides were turning and the water was heaving to the shore, a deep aubergine with crests that resembled black lace.  He popped another grape in his mouth and washed it down with more wine.  When the wine goblet was empty a beautiful nymph refilled it.  Zeus smiled at her.  Her beauty was ethereal, and her sexual energy was remarkable.  He had allowed her to share his bed on the nights when he could not sleep.  But she was not Juno.  Juno was more beautiful and more exciting in his bed than he could ever dream of, a pornographer’s great joy.  But what was more, she was his equal intellectually.  She won more chess games against him than she ever lost.  She was a fearless horsewoman who as much as his godly ego would admit, could outride him....but that was then.  He sighed and looked towards the water.  The murkiness cleared somewhat and he stared into the face of Michael.

“Michael.  Michael. Speak to me, we must do something...”  Ada was desperate.
He nodded.  “I have asked the gods for help, but they have ignored me.  I have a plan which might distract them for a while.  But you must help me.  Listen...”
She was devastated.  It was all going wrong before her eyes.  Michael had given up on her.  Jake and Joseph had been captured probably dead, along with Saffie.  Charles had wandered off into the night.  And here she was alone.  She couldn’t do anything.  Not a thing.  It was over.
Zeus was sullen.  He missed his wife.  He even missed his treacherous son.  Hermes was always a problem.  He was not a cruel man, although it was widely thought that he was.  He sighed and some volcanoes erupted.  It was time now...to bring them home.  Before Hermes died as a mortal and Juno died as an animal.

Ada knew that she was not alone, she felt a presence around her.  What if it was the devil?  Had he come for her?  She deserved it.  Mist poured into her eyes and she was frightened.  She tried to close her eyes but they wouldn’t close.  As suddenly as it had entered her eyes it left.
In front of her stood Michael.  But not the Michael she knew.
He was no longer a man but a god.  He was bigger than she had ever seen him, taller and more bulked out.  The muscles in his arms and legs were pronounced, like they were going to explode from his flesh at any minute.  He wore the uniform of a gladiator and on his helmet were metal wings above each ear.  The sandals on his feet were adorned with the same wings.  He was outlined by a thin glowing blue electric line that matched the colour of his eyes.
Juno sidled up to him, but even she didn’t seem the same, there was an aloofness about her, and she was bigger than before as well.
But when Michael spoke it was the same Michael that she knew and respected and loved.  “Ada I need you to help me.  We have to cause a diversion.  We have to start a fire around the stables.  It will help me get to the others.”
“You’re going to try and rescue them?”
“I have to Ada.”
“But that’s madness – we have to do something but you can’t be a one man band.”
“It’s my destiny Ada; I’m a god not a man.  Besides I’m not alone I have you and I have Juno.”
The dog growled quietly.

He walked out of the door towards the stables.  And she knew that he was walking out of her life.  Ada imagined the burning smell in her nostrils as she hurried after him with Juno at her heels.
Michael dropped a box of tapirs into Ada’s hands.   “Here,” he gasped, “ignite those hay bales over there.  But be careful.”
He does care thought Ada as she struck the first match.
A few blades of hay smouldered and then slowly the rest began to ignite.  Within the flames Ada saw herself and the fat left her body.  She was dancing with the devil...

Protected by his own belief in himself, Michael marched like a centurion through the burning barn.  Something, he didn't quite understand, because it wasn’t the protection of the gods that was keeping him from harm.  His flesh wasn’t melting.  He felt the wings on his helmet starting to do something and the wings on his feet began to wake up.  He held his sword aloft.  It glistened, a highly polished silver.  He noticed Charles, Jake and Joseph out of the corner of his eye. They looked frightened but they weren’t moving.  Charles had rescued them.  “Get out,” hissed Michael, “while you still have the time.”
Charles laughed, “No.  Not on your nelly. We’re your three musketeers.  We’re in it to the bitter end with you.”
He smiled at them.  He felt their loyalty pouring out of their bodies and fiercely swimming around him, offering their protection.  He felt pride that they wanted to be with him.  He felt like a mortal.  “Okay.  Catch.”
They watched, with baited breath as the sword spun up into the air and then dived to the floor, splitting into four parts.  Where it rejuvenated and became four sparkling swords.  “Take one each,” and stay behind me.”
They crouched behind Michael.  “Good grief,” remarked Charles, “Michael has definitely been weight training.”
Jake and Joseph smiled at Charles’s attempt to diffuse the situation because they knew that all he had on his mind was Saffie and she had made him brave.
As he walked towards the burning altar, Joseph noticed no fear whatsoever in Michael’s eyes.  He is ready to die he thought.  There’s no going back.

Michael was literally on wings as he sped towards the altar.  The others led by Joseph were close behind him.  Steam was coming from the altar.  Joseph looked down, Saffie was lying, naked and burnt looking.  The altar had now taken on the appearance of a spitting caldron with Saffie surrounded by hissing serpents.  
An awful echo was getting louder and the stables were filling with a dreadful odour of bad eggs and dung.  A horrible brown fog was also starting to sweep in front of Michael’s eyes and make them weep.
The man in the red fedora, was swinging above the altar like a trapeze artist.  He was somersaulting and acting the fool.  He sat up and then swung upside down his face getting closer to Michael’s.  “You’re too late brave Michael or whatever you decide to call yourself next.  The master is nearly here.”
“I’m going to kill you,” said Michael.  His eyes were flashing.
The man in the red fedora, laughed uncontrollably like a hyena who was about to feed off someone else’s killing.  “I’m only a ghost Michael.  You can’t kill what’s already dead.”
He swung close to Michael’s face and Michael could smell his fetid breath.  Michael opened his mouth and spewed out fire directly into the man in the red fedora’s face.  He screamed in agony.  
“Okay so you’re dead…when I’m finished with you, you’ll wish you were alive.”

The noise was deafening and the room was vibrating.  Michael knew that he had to move quickly.  Satan was coming and if he was allowed to arrive, they were all doomed.  He needed to prise Saffie away from the caldron surrounded by the vipers.  But the fire was virulent and so were the snakes.  Jake and Joseph were behind him.  “Let’s put the fire out and murder the snakes,” said Joseph moving towards the caldron. 
Michael stopped him, “don’t you’ll just make it worse.”  He held his ears the rumbling was increasing again: the Master was rising up from hell.  
The stable doors shot open and a fetid draught worked its way in.  It’s too late thought Michael, and then he heard the barking.  He looked down from the altar towards the entrance.  There stood Ada and Juno, and behind them, thousands of barking dogs.   The noise was from another world.

Charles looked behind him and was stunned.  It looked as if Ada and Juno had rounded up every mutt in the neighbourhood...
Where on earth have all those dogs come from, thought Charles.  Half of them look as manky as hell and what are they capable of doing.  Juno looked behind her: there were hundreds of dogs, the stable was full of them and there were hundreds more outside.  The awful grumbling voice was deafening and then a shudder like electric ran up and down Ada’s spine.  Hooves clattered on the stable roof.  It had arrived.  She glanced at Michael.  His jaw was set and she could see a nerve in his cheek clearly twitching.  His helmet shone like stardust.  Juno started barking. The fur along her back was standing erect and her lonesome bark got louder.  Then the other dogs joined in.  Soon the barn filled with unstoppable noise.  The clanking of hooves, the braying and the barking.  Ada heard roaring as well and noticed that a lion and a tiger had crammed into the barn.  Juno saw them as well and wagged her tail in appreciation.  The crowd milling around the altar had changed as well.  They no longer looked human.  They now appeared as skeletons and ghouls all with nightmarish faces.  
“The master has arrived,” screamed the man in the red fedora, swinging his tasselled feet as they rose above the altar.  He looked down at Michael, his face skeletal and his eyes missing from their sockets “You can do nothing little god.  You and your pack of worthless animals.  What power have you got?  I’ve told you before, you can’t kill what is already dead.  And we all died a long time ago. It’s too late…let the sacrifice begin.”
Michael raised his sword and looked behind him.  Ada followed him with her eyes.  He was looking at the animals and they had all taken on a form of transparency.  Only Juno remained solid.
“These dogs and other animals, are not alive either.  They are the ghosts of animals who suffered dreadfully when they were alive.  Some were tortured to death by some of the phantoms here tonight.  They are dead like you all.  And they want revenge.  Perhaps I can’t kill the already dead...but they can.”
Michael’s eyes shone a crystal blue.
He raised the sword high above his head.  “Come on he screamed, “let’s do it.”
Saffie let out a blood curdling scream as fingers made of black thundercloud surrounded her.

Juno barked from the back of her mind and the ghost dogs sprang into action.  Remembering their pitiful lives and the things they experienced were etched across their fragile faces.  Even the lion and tiger, cruelly treated in a filthy zoo and circus were ready to extract revenge.  In their own retribution club they too wanted to annihilate all that was rotten in the spirit world.  So they soared with the rest of the animals and ripped the zombies and the ghouls and all those vile creatures to pieces.  The ghouls and their cronies were fighting back, but it was a losing fight.  Very shortly they were completely destroyed and had the Retribution Club members been around they would have seen the joy and happiness on the ghostly animals as they had reached peace and justice at last and would no longer be walking the earth.  They would be at permanent rest.  A large ornamental gate appeared in the sky and it creaked and screeched open and hundreds of ghostly animals ascended.  
But Michael and co had been pulled from the stables and were flying high above Brighton pier as the devil claimed Saffie.
Michael could see her in the middle of a burning fist.  It was the devil beginning to take shape.  He rushed towards the searing heat but was knocked about roughly in the sky.  He could not get close to her and he could hear the man in the red fedora laughing out loud.  Somehow, he had escaped the animals’ retribution.  Above Michael, Charles flew across the night time sky and tried to knock the awful fire fist away from Saffie but he screamed loudly as his flesh began to peel.  
“Stay away,” shouted Michael, “otherwise you’ll be burned to a cinder.”
“But I have to do something...”
“I know,” said Michael, “but don’t....I’m not human so my skin won’t burn like yours.  It will burn but not so badly.  I’m going to have another try.”
But before he could do that, Jake flew by, and he was carrying of all things, a large fire extinguisher.  “As I’ve been given the ability to fly for some reason, I flew down below to the pier and picked this up...come on Michael let’s go and get him.”
“I’ll go in close to pull Saffie out of the thing’s grasp,” said Michael, “as I do so, aim the extinguisher.”
It was a very quick, slick operation and the devil didn't realised what was happening.  Michael came close to him with his sword.  He was shouting loudly and the devil’s fireball hand momentarily released its hold on Saffie, she began to fall and Michael quickly flew under her to catch her. 
At the very same time, Jake released the catch on the extinguisher and the foam covered the devil’s hand.  He roared in anger and tried to catch Jake who was too quick and flew away from him.  
Saffie lay in Michael’s arms. “She’s unconscious, but she’s okay,” remarked Michael. “We need to leave her somewhere safe.  Filtering through the smoky atmosphere was a loud neigh and a clattering of hooves.  Michael smiled, “It’s Pegasus.  He’s come back to help.”  
The huge horse flew into view and Michael safely deposited Saffie on its back.  “Take care of her...”  The horse flew out of the ring of fire and disappeared into flaming star dust.
“Will she be okay?”  Charles looked very concerned.
Michael smiled, “Pegasus would give his life for her...”  He wasn’t able to finish the sentence because thousands of bright lights started exploding.  Multi-coloured demons hurtled towards them.
“Good grief Michael, we can’t fight all of them?  What shall we do?”
“You don’t have to fight Charles, I will”
“No,” Charles was getting used to free-falling in the sky, “Yes I do.  I’m with you.  We’re the Retribution Club after all.  Oh my God, I’ve just realised that she’s not here.  Where’s Ada?”
“Don’t worry, she’ll be with Juno.  Juno will look after her.”  But his words still didn’t stop Michael soaring higher into the sky to see if he could see Ada and Juno.  He soon caught sight of Juno, racing from the midst of a horrible grey mist, pursued by a mad looking black bull as big as an elephant.”
“What on earth....”  Michael dived towards her, rushing to her aid.

But it was too late.  He watched in horror as the bull gored Juno, throwing her high 
into the air.  Michael thought it had started to rain, as droplets beat against his skin.  Then he realised it was blood.  Juno’s blood.  He looked helpless as the dog fell past him, blood pouring from her neck.
“Do something Michael.  Please help Juno.”  Ada was next to him, from somewhere she had found a sword and was fighting off an evil looking leopard skin coloured demon.
Michael lost his footing and began floating towards Brighton pier.  “I can’t do anything Ada.  It’s the end.  And it’s Juno’s end as well.  We’re outnumbered.  We aren’t going to win this one.”  
“Yes we are.  Look above you,” said Joseph flying close to them.
The sky had ignited with burning colour, like a painter’s palette was ruling the sky and the devil’s cry was overbearing as he urged his demons on.  But there was another rumbling and it was getting nearer.  The sky filled with thousands of lit candles and hundreds of shooting stars flew up and around.  Pegasus flew into view.  He was now wearing full combat armour, platinum and studded with diamonds.  And then Michael heard the battle cry.  It was Zeus, the King of the Gods, driving his chariot, lit by flames and diamond bright comets.  And the other gods were following him.  Mars in his bronze chariot; Hephaestus in a smouldering chariot of iron; Poseidon riding a huge silver chariot shaped like a fish; Artemis and Apollo rode together in a chariot fashioned of pure gold and studded with rubies and moon stones.  Hades followed in a strong wooden chariot, befitting his ruling of the underworld.  The Olympians had arrived and following them were the lesser gods. It was an impressive spectacle in a flaming sky.
Michael gained energy.  He was crying: the gods had not deserted him after all.  They had come to help; and they had come out in force.  His eyes were once more the piercing blue that first penetrated Ada’s stony heart.  “Come on Ada,” he said, “look, let’s go get him.”  He pointed at the man in the red fedora who had flown by them, laughing like a hyena.  “I’m going to suspend you my friend, in purgatory forever,” said Michael as he drew his sword.  Ada held on to his hand and together they pursued him.  
The pursued him through the mists of time, they flew through canyons, glaciers and molten lava.  They dived into icy waters.  And in a waterlogged cave which was the beginning of time.  They found him.  Cowering.  But his bravado had not deserted him.  He screamed with pleasure.  “Ha ha, try and kill me if you can, you stupid god...what good will your harlot do as well?”
Michael’s eyes were smoking like a volcano about to erupt.  Never to Ada, did they appear so dark.  He closed his eyes and Ada could see that he was sweating profusely.  
Out of the darkness of the cave, lumbered a huge spider, each leg about 5ft long and 2ft wide.  Ada screamed and clutched her god.
“It’s all right,” said Michael, “I have called for Arachne’s help, she will weave a web around him and suspend him in time, forever.  Because of his wickedness he will never have any peace.  Even though he’s already dead, Hades will make sure of that.”
They left the cave to the inhuman screams of the man in the red fedora as the giant spider spun her glistening web tightly around him whereby he would be hanging in the fire of purgatory until the sands of time ran out.

People on a midnight stroll along the Brighton promenade and beach, saw lots of lights high in the sky and they assumed they were meteorites.  They never knew that the battle of good over evil was taking place above their very heads.
Fireworks carried on over Brighton Pier into the early hours, yet the humans no longer noticed them, because they were actually happening in a parallel world.  The gods battled the devil and his disciples.  Huge chariots hurled through the air challenging Satan and his worshipers who would fight into infinity for the master.  Eventually Poseidon ended it.  He caused an awful wave in the sky, similar to an earthquake but worse and the devil and his henchmen were blown back into their own portal.  And the god Atlas rolled a boulder in front of it beset with a magic charm to keep the devil from invading this particular world again.
But the battle was not without casualties.  Del Smart, in the form of a red demon, flew high into the sky to battle with Jake.  He told Jake that he was the person who murdered his mother and that he was pleased he had done it and would do it again.  Jake was sick with anger and fought him in a controlled way, only to be murdered by magic and spells.  Michael had fallen into another parallel world and couldn't help him.   
As death moved in to claim him.  He saw his mother, there were no 21 virgins waiting for him, just his mother.  “My son, how I’ve missed you.”  She held out her hand, “Come now with me to Paradise, you deserve it.”
Jake opened his eyes. He couldn't believe he was dead.  He didn't want to be dead and he screamed.  He wanted to be free to ride a horse along a beach, to travel to Tibet....to find love..he was not ready for death.  Even though death was ready for him and spread his icy fingers to claim him.  
He screamed at the mother he adored.  He would not go with her.  Her tears fell freely as the stairs to Paradise vanished.
Jake was left on an island in between death and life and no one would be able to help him.  Not even Michael.

And so it had ended.  The gods had closed the rift in the earth’s atmosphere. The devil was sandwiched in Hell with Atlas’s boulder at the front door.
But what of the Retribution Club?  The remaining members lay bruised and battered on the shore.  Brighton was sleeping now but when it awoke what would it find?
Ada felt herself washed by water, as the waves lapped over her.  She should have felt cold and frightened instead she felt nothing.
Jake was nowhere to be seen but Joseph was floating serenely like he was in his large bath at home in Montana.
Saffie and Charles lay on the shore, their hands entwined.  They both dreamt the same dream.  Of falling out of a flaming sky.
Michael made his way to Ada.  “Open your eyes please Ada.”
She stirred for a moment and then she snuggled back into her own private world.  Just Sophie and her. 
“Please Ada...for me...open your eyes”
It was Michael, she remembered him and she opened her eyes.  They looked at him large and frightened but that was not what she felt.  Now that she was in the present, she felt tormented.  After all she had been through she still felt haunted.  “I’m still alive,” she sighed.
As the day got older Michael knew he would soon have to leave.  “Are you all right?”
She smiled, of course I’m all right, “where’s Juno?”
“She’s dead.”
“Dead?”
“Yes,” he said, smoothing her forehead.  “Her earth body is dead...look.”  He pointed to where Juno lay, her body battered and bloodied by the bull’s vicious attack.  
“She died protecting me.”  Ada was weak but her eyes filled with tears.  
Michael smiled and wiped them away.  A loud noise was directly above them.  Ada stretched her neck and looked up.  The sky had cleared of the mist and smell of burnt flesh.  Once more it was calm and glowing, very nearly dawn but not quite.  Hovering right above them was a golden chariot decorated with twinkling stars and bright shiny moons.  She heard a noise from where Juno lay, and Ada raised herself up because she needed to stroke the dog and whisper her goodbyes.  But the dog became split in two and she could see something scratching to get out.  She watched in wonder as out of the bloody carcass that was Juno the earthbound dog, appeared the beautiful form of Hera, queen of the gods.  Her face was luminous, pale porcelain skin and the glowing green eyes which Ada recognised only too well.  She walked over to Ada, her dress shimmering and floating in the gentle wind.  “Good bye Ada.”  She smiled and then she ascended up into the golden chariot where Zeus waited patiently.  Michael looked at her as she went surrounded by shooting stars.  He remembered what there had been between them but which there was no longer.  But love and friendship would always remain.  He knew that.  Even when he was no longer a god and just a speck in the universe.
“Help me,” Ada cried out, “Michael, look am I dying I’ve become transparent.”

Michael looked at her she was definitely transparent.  He hugged her.  “No Ada, you’re not dying, but we are all here in a parallel place.  It is neither earth or Olympia.  But our time here will soon be up which is why you are transparent.  You’ll soon be leaving and then you will be back on the real Brighton beach.”
“And where will you be Michael?”  Her eyes bore into his.
“I will be thinking of you and remembering my time with you.”
Ada looked down at her arm, it was more transparent.  “How much time have I got with you?”
“Not a lot.”
She shook her head, and her curls matted with sea and sand began to spring to life.  “What about Jake?”
“He’s dead.” 
“Is he in Paradise do you think?”
Michael looked sad.  “I don’t know where he is but it’s not Paradise.  He made his own choice.”
“What about Joseph?  He was so strong and encouraging?”
“He’s back home in Montana.”
“How?”
“I took him there.  He’ll have a good life.  He won’t forget what’s happened but he won’t want to remember either.”  
Ada allowed herself to cry.  “I will miss them all...what about Saffie and Charles.”
Michael smiled.  “They’re okay.  They’re on the beach near here, sleeping...but when they wake up and start recovering.  They won’t remember a thing.  They won’t know you Ada or recognise you.”
“You took their minds Michael, why did you do that?”
Michael looked her through thick fringed lashes and paused before he spoke.  “Because they deserve joy in their life Ada.  Stuff happened.  But now it’s not happening anymore and so they need to move on...get married...and have a child.”
“And do they?”
Michael smiled sheepishly, “probably.”
“And what of me?”  She clung to him in desperation; she was totally transparent now and she could see the universe through her own body when she looked down.
Michael kissed her, but she was fading fast.  “I won’t stop Michael, you know that.  With or without you.  I’m going to hunt him down.”
She was leaving him now.  He was unable to make her stay any longer.  “I know he said...would it make things different, if I told you I loved you.”
But she had gone.

Ada tossed and turned in her bed.  She dreamt of Hermes, the messenger of the Gods.  She was on a beach and felt wet and cold and he kissed her passionately.  Then she watched in awe as his figure became bigger and bigger as he ascended into the sky.  He held his sword high above his head and the wings on his helmet and sandals came alive and sparkled and waned like the moon as he rose higher and higher into the night time sky.  Very soon he had become too large for her head and his image left as she woke up.  It was going to be another beautiful day she thought as she rubbed the sleep and gods from her eyes and opened the bedroom curtains.  The view was breath-taking and she pushed open the bedroom window and smelt her English garden and well manicured lawn.  Dragon and Miriam were gardening and they looked up at her and waved.

Edward Sedgwick sat alone in his cell.  As he was always in solitary, there was nowhere else to go.  Still it was comfortable of sorts.  He had an en suite bathroom and toilet.  Very small gym facilities.  He did use the main gym occasionally but that had to be when the other prisoners were in bed.  And he found that draining.  No, he liked the comfort of his cell.  It was his home, where he could kick of his shoes, lie back and talk to his family, always in his head of course.
He had a CD player, a flat screen TV that one of the prison officers had fixed on the wall for him.  It was only a small one of course, but it did the job properly.  He enjoyed the CD player the most.  As an ex piano teacher he enjoyed listening to piano concertos and had lots of CDs of various classical enjoyment which kept him awake until the early hours.
The same prison officer had supplied him with a refurbished computer.  And slowly over time he had become proficient in its use.  The prison officer, when he was on duty, also allowed him to access the internet so that he could keep up his interest in child pornography.  It was an important part of his learning culture.  Child porn changed over the years and it was always a pleasure to see more delicious little bodies involved in all sorts of naughty things with grown-ups.
He had just switched the computer on and was indulging: the prison officer was letting him watch for 15 minutes, more than enough to get mega excited, when something strange happened.  A man in some kind of white toga appeared on the screen, obliterating the previous delights and then, if that wasn’t bad enough walked straight out of the monitor and into his prison cell. 

Edward knew that this wasn’t a good sign.  He looked at Michael and did not like his ice blue eyes.  He looked at him as if he knew everything about him.  He considered calling the prison officer and he looked up at the stranger who shook his head.  “Not a good idea,” the stranger said, and Edward looked down at his groin.  He felt wet.  He had urinated. 
“Who are you?”
Michael laughed, “Well you could say, I suppose that I’m your redeemer”
“I don’t need redeeming, thank you very much, I’m fine as I am.”
Michael stopped laughing, he looked at him as if he was vermin.  “So you’re still looking at child porn then?”
“I’m a paedophile,” he hissed, “that’s what I do isn’t it?”  He felt brave.
Michael moved closer towards him.  “Hasn’t prison taught you anything?  Hasn’t it curbed your appetite for children at all?”
Sedgwick’s eyes glared, like dead rat eyes.  “It has indulged all my fantasies if anything...every night I dream of that luscious little girl...the one I’m in here for.  She was such a delightful child, not very compliant though...she screamed a lot...but still, that’s children for you”.  He smiled with satisfaction and began to dribble reliving the sordid experience.
“So you don’t feel remorse or shame for what you did?”
Edward could sense he was bothering this strange man and he liked that.  A battle of minds.  “Look, I don’t know who you are, but just for the record, when I go to sleep at night, I sleep like a baby.  I feel no guilt at all.  I have no bad dreams or anything.  I don’t think that the bogey man will come and get me...probably because I am the bogey man”  He laughed like some kind of demented animal.  “Unless you’re another bogeyman of course?”
Michael’s eyes had changed to a deep sapphire.  Something that Edward had noticed and he didn't like it at all.  It made his skin creep.
Michael smiled, “No I’m not the bogeyman, but I know someone who is.”  He grabbed him by his bony shoulders.  “Look”.
He had forced Edward to look into his television set.  To begin with he couldn’t see anything.  It looked like a TV programme, but fuzzy with the aerial pulled out.  He looked closer and watched.  

His mouth dropped open and his tongue fell out and lolled.  He began sweating as his eyes rolled up in his head. He wanted to scream and scream very badly but was unable to do so.  It was as if he was alive in a dead body.  His face went purple and he felt an almighty weight, shaped liked the scales of justice crushing his chest.
Michael watched him and smiled, in a satisfied sort of way and walked away.  He wished that Ada was here with him now.  All he had done was shown Edward Sedgwick, what hell looked like.

Ada was thumbing through the paper.  She had recovered sufficiently.  She had been involved in a car crash apparently and had convalesced at the house in Kent but when she was stronger she moved back to Jersey and was looked after closely by Dragon and Miriam.  She was starting to heal her body, but not her mind.  The only thing in it was still revenge.
She thought a lot about Michael, she missed his quiet smile and his all seeing blue eyes with his long elegant nose, and his acute cheekbones.  She wondered where in time he was and whether he thought of her.  She half hoped that he would be there in the mornings when she woke up.  But he was not.  He was long gone.
She thought of Barney too but that was different. He had saved her and loved her.
One thing was sure though, she thought of Sophie all the time and she would never be satisfied until she received retribution.
Something caught her eye in the newspaper, in the personal column.  It was an announcement of a wedding – Saffie and Charles.  She was overjoyed, they were made for each other.  Quickly she took down the details of the date and time and church....

It was only going to be a flying visit.  She landed at Gatwick airport, and didn't bother making her way to the house in Kent.  Instead, she took the Gatwick Express to Victoria and then a cab to the church in Hampstead.  It turned out to be a very beautiful day.  The sky was an enhanced cornflower blue and the sun was hanging, virtually naked, high in the sky – a flamboyant yellow touched with golden hues.  The church doors opened and out came Saffie and Charles.  It was marriage number three for him but as he beamed at Saffie, a truly beautiful bride in a wonderful cream coloured silk dress.  Ada knew that the marriage would last forever because they had been through so much together.  Charles, dapper as ever in his mourning suit clutched his bride and they made their way to the waiting wedding car, white ribbons blowing gently on a quintessential English summer’s day.  Ada ran up close to them and threw confetti.  They both laughed as they got into the car.  As they drove slowly down the lane, they turned their heads in the back of the car and looked at her, a stunning blonde, dressed in a sugar pink dress.
Saffie kissed Charles.  It was her ideal day.  “Do you know her?  What a beauty, is she one of your exes?”
Charles brow furrowed and he laughed, “No I don’t...” He tapped his forehead, “Strange but I feel I ought to...but then I wouldn’t want to Mrs Green, you’re my one and only.”

She flew back to Jersey as quickly as she had arrived.  Seeing Saffie and Charles as a married couple gave her some form of comfort.  But she was sad because she would never see them again.  She felt equally upset that she wouldn’t see Joseph Corinthian or Jake again.  Yet Joseph was only back in Montana but Jake was dead, he wouldn’t be appearing in front of her soon.  Only in her dreams.  She remembered Mrs Peasbody.  A brave lady, she took on the devil and although she lost her life – she won.  And Hazel?  Sadly Ada did not feel sorry for her death, because she had framed an innocent woman and took a life.  She smiled to herself, I suppose she sort of redeemed herself because she killed the person who had killed Charles’s son.  It didn’t matter that the man had become a priest.  But she still couldn’t warm to her.   
And then she thought of Juno.  A goddess who had fallen in love with Michael.  Ada didn't know what to make of that.  But she felt a deep trust and admiration for Juno, when she was in her dog form she was the bravest ever and a loyal, intelligent dog.
The plane landed at Jersey airport and soon Ada was cruising down the lane towards her home, a high definition sun was going down in a slate grey sky, peppered with fluffy peach coloured clouds.  
As she rushed up the steps Dragon opened the door to meet her.  “Madame, you have visitors, two policemen from the mainland, they have been waiting for you for a couple of hours.  I couldn’t contact you – your phone must have been switched off.”
“Yes it was,” remarked Ada, “what do they want?”
“I don’t know, they will only speak with you.”

Ada was weary and really just wanted to crawl into bed, the journey and her health had taken their toll but she knew she needed to see the policemen.  She just hoped that it wasn’t anything to do with the now defunct Retribution Club.  Did it seem likely that she would be spending the rest of her days behind bars?  A fitting end though she thought, given her recent behaviour. 
It was with deep concern that she opened the lounge door.

As soon as the two policemen saw her they stood up.  They looked at her in awe because her jaw dropping beauty.  The taller one spoke, “Mrs Marcolli, DI Taylor and DS Wheeler.”
Ada swallowed hard.  “What can I do for you gentlemen?”  She smiled warmly, “Tea, Coffee ?”
The two men shook their heads. “No thank you Mrs Marcolli,” said DI Taylor. “Please sit down.”
Ada acquiesced like a little girl and almost fell on to her elegant beige leather sofa.  
“We’ve some news for you Mrs Marcolli,” said DS Wheeler.  “We’ve heard from the prison governor at Wakefield that Edward Sedgwick has been found dead in his cell.  So we thought we would let you know as soon as possible.  And we hope that you get some comfort and satisfaction from our news.  He was an extremely nasty piece of work.”
They waited patiently for her to reply.  Ada sat back in her chair and digested the news.  Dead.  He was finally dead.  She hoped he had suffered.
“How did he die?”
The two policeman gave each other quizzical looks.  “Apparently he had a heart attack, Mrs Marcolli, of course a post mortem will be necessary but….”
Ada felt devastated but didn’t show it.  She briefly closed her eyes.  “She had not wanted him to have this death.  She wanted him to suffer…torn apart toenail by toenail.  She wanted him to rot in hell.  But he had died comfortably in his cell while her lovely daughter was slowly strangled and left to languish in a rancid cupboard.  She opened her eyes and smiled.  “Thank you gentlemen.  Yes your information brings a closure.”  She stood up to see them out.  Why couldn’t he have really suffered.  She felt her world crumbling.
DS Wheeler turned back.  “Oh there was something else Mrs Marcolli…strange thing was when they found him; there was a large white feather stuffed down his throat.  Also the expression on his face was one of horror.”  
Ada closed the door.
Her face broke out into a wide smile and she went out onto her patio which looked down over St Helier.  Night had ridden in on the back of retribution.  She looked up at the stars.  He was up there somewhere.  Michael.  And he had done it.  He had done it.  And she just knew Sedgwick had suffered and it made her so very happy.
She felt a deep kick within and she held her stomach and sunk to her knees.  She just knew this child would be a boy.
And hidden, where it had fallen underneath a cabinet, the little bronze statue of the god Hermes creaked slightly and his eyes shone an electric blue. 

THE END
