


The
Seventh
Vial




The
Seventh
Vial

By
Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson

2nd Edition
Copyright © Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson 2016

Published
By
Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson
on
Smashwords ®

Copyright ©2016 Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson

Published By Smashwords 2016

1

Copyright © Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson 2016

Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson, has asserted  his rights under the Design and Patents Act, 1988, 
to be identified as the author of this work

This is an adaptaition of the authors screenplay which was entered into into the feature film scrript competition for STAGE 32 
under the same.  The names and characters are the product of the author's imagination, and any similarity to persons lving or 
dead are completely coincidental and non-intentional.

Copyright Licence

This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, resold, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher's  prior consent in any form of binding or cover or electronic form, other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.  The general copyright licence of directly quoting up to 200 words is permitted, provided the book is cited in your bibliography along with page number(s) etc.  Else normal copyright laws apply, including the prohibition of selling, re-distribution or storing in a retrieval system.
Libraries are permitted to keep this book on file for posterity and lend it out as per general copyright laws.

A CIP catalogue record for this e-book
may be available from your local library.

ISBN 9781311461643

The Seventh Vial



MVNP-JQKI-SOXD-NKR8

Copyright © Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson 2016

Published by
Smashwords ®


Also available by Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson

SO38E
© 2012 ©2015
ISBN 9781476203935

Truth Will Prevail or SS (Social Services) Gone Potty Over A Potty
© 2015
ISBN: 9781311360465

The £400 Rip Off
© 2015
ISBN: 9781310050558

When Two Worlds Collide
©2015
ISBN: 9781310635311

Coming Soon:

The Double Psychomanteum

Index

Index ...........................................................................................

Dedication ...................................................................................

Acknowledgements .....................................................................

Preface .........................................................................................

Introduction  ................................................................................

Chapter   1  APRIL 1st 2029 ...........................,,............................

Chapter   2  London England  .....................................................

Chapter   3  Cumbre Vieja ...........................................................

Chapter   4  The Hijacking of Henry P. Lading ...........................

Chapter   5  The Hijacking of TI  Africa .....................................

Chapter   6  The Listener Part 1 ..................................................

Chapter   7  Alladhin's Cave  Part 1 ......................................

Chapter   8  Sentinel ....................................................................

Chapter   9  Tel Aviv Yafo Ben Gurion Intn'l Airport .................

Chapter 10  Operation: Golden Brown .......................................

Chapter 11  Alladhin's Cave Part 2 .............................................

Chapter 12  Taxiway to Runway 26 ............................................

Chapter 13  The Cornerhouse Café, Manchester, England .........

Chapter 14  COBRA Meeting at No. 10 Downing Street ...........

Chapter 15  LY-315 .....................................................................

Chapter 16  No. 10 Downing Street ............................................

Chapter 17  The Listener Part 2 ..................................................

Chapter 18  Helen's Flat ..............................................................

Chapter 19  La Palma ..................................................................

Chapter 20  English Channel ......................................................

Chapter 21  MAY 2nd 2029 ..........................................................

Chapter 22  Cabinet War Rooms 10:00 BST ..............................

Chapter 23  The White House, Washington D.C. 05:00 E.D.T. .

Chapter 24 England 12:10 B.S.T. ...............................................

Chapter 25 Airforce One 07:00 E.D.T. .......................................

Chapter 26 JFK International Airport 08:00 E.D.T. ...................

Chapter 27 The Central Scrutinizer  ...........................................

Chapter 28  NASA Near Earth Object Program .........................

Chapter 29  USSS HILLENKOETTER ......................................

Chapter 30  May 6th 2029 ............................................................

Chapter 31  SDR 1974 TRW ULF MODULATOR EMULATOR ....

Chapter 32  May 8th 2029 ............................................................

Chapter 33  Taking Cover ...........................................................

Chapter 34  May 9th 2029 ............................................................

Chapter 35  Sargossa Sea May 17th 2029 ....................................

Chapter 36  Cascadia June 17th 2029 ..........................................

Chapter 37  Sarah in Hospital ....................................................

Chapter 38  Yom Kippur 2029 ...................................................

Chapter 39  Harmageddon .........................................................

Chapter 40  THE SEVENTH VIAL ..........................................



To my parents

Capt. Kristján J. Sigurjónsson

Bella Sigurjónsson Social Secretary

and my brother

Ronald M. Kristjánsson

for setting me on this track

and our cat Polly Perkins

for giving us many years of 

enjoyment.

May they rest in peace.

Also my wife

Jane Kristjánsson

and our children:

Angelica Eve Kristjánsson

and 

Benjamin Helgi Kristjánsson

for their undying support during 

the writing of the script and conversion to e-book.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

  I should like to thank Smashwords, for giving everyone, the invaluable and cost free opportunity, to become a published author, by electronic means.

  I should also like to thank STAGE 32 for giving every artist, the opportunity to make their screenplays, synopsises and loglines available free of charge, as well as hosting competitons for a nominal fee.

  Special thanks to copyrighted.com, for gving every author, playwrite and screenwriter be they writing for the silver screen or television, the opportunity to register copyright their work and receive a digital footprint, free of charge. 

  Last, but not least, those who have given their anonimous constructive criticism on other works entered into competitions, as well as Rob Parnell for his free e-course, in writing novels etc.

  Finally, my heartfelt gratitude, to all those I worked with at Löggildingarstofan (Icelandic Bureau of Legal Metrology) in Reykjavík, Iceland, National Weights and Measures Laboratory and National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, England, and all the sister organisations that are members of: WELMEC, EUROMET and OIML, that have encouraged me to use the SI units and t heir 'proper' abbreviations based on the conventions adopted by OIML, even though, I have on occasion refrenced Imperial units, for historical purposes, as they are on their way out, as per the agreement of The United States of America and United Kingdom, when they signed The Convention of The Metre.


PREFACE

  On the 20th September 2001, George Walker Bush, declared WAR on TERRORISM.

  But what if WW III,broke out, starting with an act of terrorism, but no one accepted responsibility. 

  Against whom would you retaliate? And, if they use mother nature to do most of the work, how do you defend yourself?

  All will be revealed, when the seventh angel pours out the seventh vial.

Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson


INTRODUCTION

  All over the world, people often watch programs showing conversational hypnosis. These are people, who have been previously 'tested' for their susceptability to hypnosis, and this can be used, to precondition people to 
other kinds of influences.

  In all books on hypnosis and self hypnosis, it is stated, that you cannot get 
a person to do anything, which goes against their beliefs and moral standards.

  However, if people, have a 'tendency' towards something or a certain 'leaning', their 'barriers' or 'standards', can be 'lowered ' or 'removed ' 
altogether.


  If you were to ask a thousand people, about their interpretation of The Prophecies of Pendragon, Criswell, Nostradamus, The Books of: Daniel, Jeremiah, Isaiah and Revelations, you would get a thousand different answers. - This is just one interpretation.
Sigurjón Helgi Kristjánsson

  And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels: „Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon the earth.“

The Book of Revelations 16:1

CHAPTER 1

APRIL 1st 2029

  All over the world, people are watching television. 

  In Italy, a couple is watching a program on the channel Al Jazeera; 

  In France a man is watching the same channel, and in England a man, 
is also watching the same channel.

  All of a sudden, the transmission is interrupted, and all that can be seen, 
is 27s of Radiographic Static (Snow);

  For some strange reason, The people sit like zombies watching the static.
their faces blank, their eyes transfixed on the television screen, mesmerized, as if they were under a spell.

  After the 27s of Radio Static, a television advert for moisturising cream comes on, but some of the viewers, are still transfixed on the screen.

  When the advert is over, they all behave as if nothing has happened, and go about their business, having breakfast or making tea if they were watching tv in the kitchen, going to brush their teeth, getting dressed or going to work, totally unaware of the time that has passed. Yet, they all take a special canister with them as they leave their homes. - A canister that their subconscious deliberately blocked out, until it was needed; And today is the 
day it is needed.

  Just ordinary employees on their way to work, these three happen to work in 
factories that prepare bottled water.

  Upon arriving, they put their clothing and lunchboxes in their lockers, and change into the appropriate attire for work, and without speaking to anyone, they proceed with their canisters to where they can empty the content into the pipeline to the reservoir so that the content may be blended in with the bottled drinking water, and thus sabotaging the production, before discarding the evidence so their deeds cannot be discovered. They then continue to their posts, and the bottles get filled, capped, labelled, packaged and shipped, without them realizing, that they have sabotaged the production.

  All over Europe, other people, who watched the same transmission, have taken out their canisters, and empty their contents into reservoirs, for the main drinking water, and then discard the evidence, so their work will not be discovered, till it is too late.

  Life goes on as normal, till the effects of their deeds are felt, of which they have no recollection.
CHAPTER 2

LONDON, ENGLAND
APRIL 21st 2029

  If you were to fly over London, England in a helicopter, you would get a nice aerial view of all the typical tourist attractions, points of interest, and landmark sites, e.g.: Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, London Bridge, 
Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, The Millennium Dome, Number 10 Downing Street, Eye of London and The BT Tower (formerly known as The Post Office Tower).

  Had you been flying over London, on April the 21st 2029, you might notice the two men atop of The BT Tower, who appear to be doing repairs on one of the parabolic antennae.  They climb down, and then secure boxes, they are leaving behind for use at a later date, and then make their way down from the tower.  Their task for the day completed.

***************************

CHAPTER 3

CUMBRE VIEJA

 STRATOVOLCANO CUMBRE VIEJA
(OLD SUMMIT)

28°34'N 17°50'W, Elevation 1 949m (6 394ft)
La Palma, Canary Islands.
Last Eruption 1971

  Atop of Cumbre Vieja, which is Spanish for 'Old Summit', are two men wearing hard hats and dressed in coveralls, that appear to be doing a geological survey of the volcano.

  One man is cutting approximately 50cm of green exploding cable, and handing them to his colleague, who threads two such cables, through two holes of cylindrical charges, and ties the two cables seperately to longer such cables.  The knots preventing the charge from slipping.  As the last charge has been secured, his colleague, opens a vacuum sealed foil bag, marked NONEL GT, containing a plastic tube with silvery powder inside, that will burn at a rate of 7 000 m/s (around 21 000 ft/s) and a blasting cap on the end.  They duct tape the blasting cap to the two exploding cables.

  The two geologists, engage in a conversation, while admiring their handywork.

هنگامی که ما این اتهامات را آماده کرده ایم، ما باید آماده برای مواد منفجره دوغاب

TRANSLATION: „When we have prepared the charges, we shall be ready 
for the slurry explosives“.

پس از آن، آنها باید خشم خدا را احساس می کنید اما باور به این است که یک بلای طبیعی

TRANSLATION: „After which, they shall feel the wrath of Allah, but will believe it is a natural disaster“.

بله و فروپاشی دیوار آتشفشان موج جزر و مدی است که در جهان بسیاری از کفار پاک خواهد شد تولید می کند

TRANSLATION: „Yes, and the collapse of the volcano's wall, will generate a tidal wave that will cleanse the world of many infidels.

رسیدن به انگلیسی در 3.5 ساعت و آمریکایی ها در 6 ساعت

TRANSLATION: Reaching the British in 3.5 hours, and the Americans in 6 hours.

اگر خدا چنین بخواهد آن
TRANSLATION: God willing

CHAPTER 4

THE HIJACKING OF HENRY P. LADING

  Meanwhile off the African Coast, the Cable Vessel Henry P. Lading is under way, with a cylindrical shape, hanging from the yard arm, indicating she is constrained by her draught.

  But unbeknownst to the Captain and his crew, gliding silently under the waves like ghosts, are 4 Amur class submarines under way; 

  The P-677, CODE NAME: Βορυσθένης (BORYSTHENES), is at periscope depth astern of the vessel, and monitoring, its movements.

  These Amur class submarines have the special feature of AIR-INDEPENDENT PROPULSION, and carry an armament of 16 CHAMP missiles. 

  The 1st Officer reports to the Captain: „Kaptajn. Bent rapporter om en observation af periskoper bagude af skibet“.

TRANSLATION: Captain. Bent reports a sighting of a periscope astern 
of the ship.

  „Ja. Men han også rapporterede at se den lille havfrue ved Bornholm“.

TRANSLATION: Yes, but he also reported seeing the little mermaid off 
Bornholm.

  This causes great mirth among the crew on the bridge, who start to laugh.
		
  „Meget godt.  Holde udkig for u-båder“.

TRANSLATION: Very well.  Keep a look out for submersible vessels.	  


  Meanwhile, underneath the waves, the crew aboard the P-677, are at their stations speaking in Persian, as an incoming communiqué is being received via ELF, which reads:  IKGG - MABUS

  The crewman in charge of monitoring incoming communiqués gets very excited, and tares it off and gives it to first officer, who looks at him, and then looks at communiqué and smiles and nods to the crewman before proceeding to the Captain, and giving him the communiqué.

  The Captain is busy looking through the periscope, when the 1st Officer addresses him: 

کاپیتان ما یک بیانیه را دریافت کرده اند

TRANSLATION: Captain. We have received a communiqué.

The captain backs away from the periscope to read the communiqué, and after looking at it, he nods, smiles and says:.
	
		سیگنال زیردریایی دیگر به سطح و آماده سوار شدن به کشتی

TRANSLATION: Signal the other submarines to surface, and prepare to board the vessel.

  1st Officer picks up the intercom, and repeats the order.
	
سیگنال زیردریایی دیگر به سطح و آماده سوار شدن به کشتی

TRANSLATION: Signal the other submarines to surface, and prepare to board the vessel.

  Shouts of cheer are heard from the crew, as all 4 submarines surface.

  First The Borysthenes surfaces behind The Henry P. Lading, with The Leviathan and Behemoth off the ships Starboard and Port sides, and The Wormwood surfaces in front of the vessel.

  The 1st Officer immediately notices the submarines breaking the surface and informs the Captain: „	Kaptajn! U-båder på overfladen både på styrbord og bagbord sider“.

TRANSLATION: Captain! Submarines on the surface off both starboard and port sides.

  „Jeg, har øjne“.

TRANSLATION: I have eyes.

  The crews of the Leviathan and Behemoth muster on deck and put their Zodiacs in the water, ready to board the Henry P. Lading, while armed men on the vessels' conning towers, aim their firearms at the crew.
 
  The Captain of The Henry P. Lading, wants to avoid a collision, and shouts out;

  „Alle motorer fuld bak. Lyd kollisionen alarm“.

TRANSLATION: All engines full astern.  Sound the collision alarm.

  The klaxon sounds, and the crew go to their stations and take apropriate action.

  Captain of The Borysthenes looks from his conning tower to observe the hijacking while the crew of The Wormwood hoist the international signal flags 'OL'(OSCAR LIMA) to indicate:

  „Heave to or I'll open fire.”

  The 1st Officer sees the pendants, and informs the Captain:

  „Kaptajn.  De viser “OSCAR LIMA” - Hvad skal vi gøre?“

TRANSLATION: Captain. They're flying 'OSCAR LIMA' - What shall we do?

  „Vi gører som de siger. Alle motorer stop“.

TRANSLATION: We do as they say.  Stop all engines.

  The propellers stop, and the wake behind Henry P. Lading minimizes, while the crews on Leviathan and Behemoth put their zodiacs to sea with their men on board, and off the set to board The Henry P. Lading.


***************************


CHAPTER 5

THE HIJACKING OF TI AFRICA

  Meanwhile, somewhere along the Sout-East African coastline, The Oil tanker TI AFRICA, is making her way through the water.

  While underneath the waves, lurk silently, two submersible super carriers; i.e.  NEPHILLIM AND GOLIATH, these are special made BOREALIS CLASS submarines, with a displacement of: 140 000 METRIC TONNES; are 400m L.O.A. with a beam 100m, and equiped with HYDROGEN DRIVEN PUMP-JET ENGINES, SUPPLIED VIA DESALINIZER and have a special feature consisting of a Retractable Island.	 OTHER DETAILS: CLASSIFIED

  Taking the crew of the TI Africa by surprise, The NEPHILLIM surfaces astern of the tanker and GOLIATH ahead of it. Both raise their retractable islands, after which, the GOLIATH hoists the international signal flags 'OL'.

  The look out, on the bridge calls to the captain: „Captain! Submarine off our stern, signalling 'OSCAR LIMA' meaning 'HEAVE TO OR I'LL OPEN FIRE'.“

  „What are your orders Captain?“ queried the first officer.

  „What do you think?“ barked the Captain, „ Can you imagine what would happen, if we got hit by a torpedo?“

  „Heave to sir?“

  „Yes number 1.“ said the Captian sighing, „Heave to.“

  The 1st Officer rings the telegraph to full astern and the engine room responds by ringing the same command and carrying out the order.  First the engines stop, and breath gently, as the propellers stop rotating, and then they run full astern, as do the propellers, which cause a tremendous amount of cavitation, as the ship shudders, and continues for a while till it is brought to a standstill, allowing them to finally stop the engines.

  Meanwhile like the preceeding crews, they launch Zodiacs, and boarding crews to take over the vessel, while armed men keep their firearms trained on the crew, should anyone be so foolish as to try and do something brave.


CHAPTER 6

THE LISTENER

UNDISCLOSED LOCATION
MONITORING NEAR EARTH ASTEROIDS
APRIL 28th 2029

  It is late in the evening, while a radio listener, monitoring near earth asteroids, hears the following news item on WKJS.

  „Lucinda Fells, has just won the presidential election by a landslide. She is the second female president to take the office of President. She also has a hard task ahead of her, since the stock market, has seen an upsurge 	in put options for the past two months, due to the dooms-day panic, leading to the approach of asteroid Apophis, which is to pass the earth, at distance of 
522 000 km later this month.

  The market has also had an even greater difficulty in recovering, due to the freak appearance of a comet dubbed the 	'Kuiper King', owing to it having originated in the Kuiper Belt; Others, have nick named it “Satan's sidekick” owing to its appearance coinciding with that of asteroid Apophis, as well as having two tails; which is reminiscent of the two headed beast in The Book of Revelations while others,  call it or “Wormwood” referring to the 'Bitterness', 
in international political relations.

  Meanwhile, followers of Nostradamus's writings, say that this is a sign, heralding the rise of 'The Third Anti-Christ', spoken of in his writings, and will go by the name of 'MABUS', and wear a blue turban. And his sidekick, according to the prophecies, will wear a white turban, akin to the comet's two white tails.

  Also in the news, an historical event took place yesterday, when the rebuilding of The Jewish Temple was completed on Temple Mount, in time for Yom Yerushalayim, on Sunday the 13th of May this year or the 28th of Iyyar, 5789 according to the Jewish Calendar.
	
  Hospitals all over Europe, are inundated with patients, owing to an outbreak of lesions, the cause of which is yet unknown.  A team of specialists from The World Health Organisation, have been dispatched, and should be arriving in Europe in the next 6-8 hrs.
	
  Meanwhile in Canada, firefighters are having problems, containing the raging forest fires, which succeeded the rain of blood, akin to that which inundated India about two decades ago. PBY's and tankers, are relentlesly dropping slurry to try and aid ground crews in their 	efforts to put out the fires.“

  The listener turns the NEWS off, and mutters to herself:


  „Yeah, yeah.  Guess what?  The world will still be here tomorrow, as will I.“

  The listener then turns her attention to the computer monitor and starts typing on the computer keyboard, and monitorin the comets trajectory and other telemetry details, as she talks to herself: „Alright BIG fella.  Let's see what you are up to.“

  And the first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of the trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up.

The Book of Revelations 8:7


CHAPTER 7

ALLAHDIN'S CAVE Part 1

TOP SECRET LOCATION, IRAN
CODE NAME: ALLAHDIN'S CAVE

  A drone is flying over desert and caves, monitoring if there is any activity, while camoflaged from the drones view, is a scout covertly monitoring the drone.

  As some drones can pick up voices, he quietly retreats into the cave, and reports his findings.

هواپیماهای بدون سرنشین ورودی

TRANSLATION: Incoming drone!

  Meanwhile inside the dimly lit cave, many brothers of the faith, are gathered together, sitting in groups, with their weapons drawn. - Two persons, stand out from the crowd: A man in white robes, wearing a white Turban, and a man in blue robes, wearing a blue Turban.

  The man in the white turban, leans towards the man in the blue turban, and whispers:

			آنها امروز در اوایل است

TRANSLATION: They are early today.


آن نه ماده. آیا 
کفار هرگز ما را پیدا کنید

TRANSLATION: It doesn't matter.  The infidels will never find us.

اما آنها سعی خواهند کرد
	
TRANSLATION: But they will try.

و آنها می میرند
				
TRANSLATION: And they will die.
		

*****************


CHAPTER 8

SENTINEL

US COMMAND CENTRE
CODE NAME: SENTINEL
LOCATION: TOP SECRET

  A young soldier is seated, viewing a monitor showing the drones camera view, and controlling its every move.  Standing behind the operator are his superiors, Captain Krawczyk and General Savage.

  After carefully scrutinizing the area, the operator reports his findings to his superiors:
 „Can't find a thing sirs.  Nothing on the FLIR either.“

  „Keep looking.“ said Capt. Krawczyk, as he turns to the General and says: „I'm sorry General. It appears, that they have gone underground.“

  „You may be right.  Maybe they have 'literally' gone 'underground'.“

  „That would explain, why there are no heat signatures.“

  „Yes, they are clever, I'll give them that. Oh! How I would love to give them shit.!“

  „As would I, but we can't go wasting bombs on non-military strategic targets. I mean there's not so much as a latrine out there.“

  The young operator feels prompted to add his 2 pence worth, and utters: 
„Begging the Generals pardon.“

  „Yes, what is it?“

  „Request permission to speak freely sir.“

  „Permission granted.  Now spit it out.“

  „Well sir, it's just that we are overdue on our waste removal, sir, and I was just wondering, based on the General's comments, if it might not be feasible, albeit 'faeces-able', to render unto Caesar, that which is Caesar's? SIR!“

Capt. Krawczyk is mortified, by his sub-ordinate’s suggestion, but before he can say anything General Savage bursts out laughing, and comments as he laughs: „I told you to speak freely, and by golly you did. I like your way of thinking. (Still laughing) I shall take your suggestion under advisement.“

General Savage Rubs his nose, and turns his attention to Capt. Krawczyk: „Let's go to your office.  My nose tells me, that there's more to this than meets the eye.“

  „This way General.“

  Both walki to the the Captain's quarters, and the Captain opens the door for the General and follows the General in and closes the door behind them.

  „Begging the Generals pardon, but you do have a 'nose', for these matters, and from what I hear, you are usually 'ON THE NOSE'. - So, do you have any idea of what is really happening?“

  „Why thank you, Captain … I think?  But to answer your question; No I don't. Anyway, there's been a hell of a lot of chatter intercepted, but no one seems to know what the hell it means.“

  „Do you think the Iranian's are mobilizing to go to war?“

  „No, it doesn't feel that way.  It feels more like … Well, it's as if, they may have a new religious leader, a new Ayatollah, and that we may be looking at some group of extremists ready to do God knows what.“

  „And … what does the intel say?“

  „That's just it. It's full of code, which nobody has been able to break, so it's about as helpful as a 'FOR SALE' sign at a clearance sale.“

  „I see.  I don't suppose, that there is any chance you could share some of the intel with me?“

  „Why not, maybe you can make some sense of the words.“

  „Thank you General. I'll certainly give it may best shot.

  The General opens a brief-case containing a file marked 'COSMIC TOP SECRET', which is NATO's highest classification, and opens the file containing a list of code words, that no one has been able to decode.

  „Take a look at these, and tell me what you think.“

  He hands Capt. Krawczyk the list, who takes a look at it and with a look of bewilderment, comments: „Most of them look like Biblical references; Like: Nephillim, Leviathan, Behemoth, Goliath and Wormwood.“

  „Tell me something I don't know.“

  „But this one here: BORYSTHENES, stands out like a sore thumb.“

  „I agree.  The only thing we've been able to figure out, apart from it being the old GREEK name for the river Dnieper, and it's also eponymous river god, but also seems to have been an alternative name for Pontic Olbia, a town situated near the mouth of the same river on the Black Sea coast, or the earlier settlement on Berezan Island.“

  Shocked at the history lesson, Capt. Krawczyk tries to be diplomatic and says: „Thanks for the history lesson, General Savage, but I'm still none the wiser.“

  General Savage smiles at him, and says: „	Don't worry, you're in good company, as the whole damn joint chiefs of staff haven't a flaming clueeither, and neither do our top cryptologists.  Why even our allies at GCHQ in England, haven't been able to solve it; And the British Prime Minister thinks the sun shines out of their arses. Why, it's got everyone's shorts in a twist. In fact, it makes about as much sense, as the symbolism in The Book of Revelations. - Which I might add, I am quite fond of reading.“

  Capt. Krawczyk sighs with frustration, but finally manages to utter: „In other words, we are up the creek, without a paddle.“
 
 „Damn straight; It's a major cluster fuck.“
  
  Capt. Krawczyk is puzzled, and then manages to come up with a question: „Do you think the Russian's could be involved, maybe the Russian mafia trying to make financial gains …  Or maybe the Greek; After all they've been in financial hardship for a few decades now?  You know the age old adage, since Troy: 'Beware Greeks bearing gifts'.“

  „There's nothing in the chatter, to implicate either, and as far as we are concerned, the Greeks, are still our allies, and as regards the Russians – Well we'll have to give them the benefit of the doubt, and consider them neutral, until proven otherwise. - The last thing we need, is to cause any more political tension, than already exists in this world of political turmoil.“

  „What does the General suggest we do?“

  „How long would it take you to have the waste, put into pedal bin-liners, and loaded on board our bombers?“

  Capt. Krawczyk is shocked at the implication of the General's comments, but responds with: „The General isn't seriously suggesting, what I think he is suggesting?“

  „It's purely for target training and moral boosting. 'Hypothetically' speaking of course.“

  Capt. Krawczyk, still in shock, replies: „Of course. I suppose if we had to, it could be done in 4-5 hours.“

  „Make it happen.“

  „Yes sir.“

CHAPTER 9

TEL AVIV, YAFO, BEN GURION INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

  Tel Aviv, Yafo, Ben Gurion International Airport 09:45 a.m., A Boeing 747, from El-Al, Flight LY-315 bound for London Heathrow, is at Terminal 3. Estimatated flight time en-route 5h 20m, ETA @ LHR 13:35 BST.

  As luggage doors are being secured and vehicles pull away, the aircrafts exterior can be seen from Terminal 3 as well as the pilots in the cockpit.

  Captain Yasher is in command, and contacts Tel Aviv ground control: „Tel Aviv ground control, this is EL AL THREE ONE FIVE Heavy, requesting push-back.“

  „EL AL THREE ONE FIVE HEAVY, you are clear for Push-back. Runway 26 is in use for departure; QNH is 1 013.2 hPa or 29.92 in.Hg, With a Light Breeze from the West at 4 mph or 6 km/h, and the air temperature is 32°C or 89.6°F, Squawk 3000.“

  „Wilko.“

 The Co-Pilot adjusts the transponder and altimeter settings accordingly, while the Captain switches on the No-Smoking and Fasten Seat Belt signs, while inside the cabin, the Stewardesses and stewards are busy greeting passengers, while other passengers are getting seated. 

  One stewardess is helping a passenger putting hand luggage in overhead compartment when the voice of Capt. Yasher comes over the speakers: „Cabin attendants, prepare aircraft for take-off.“

  The door is shut, locked, secured and the emergency slide engaged in the ready position.
 
  El-Al Flight LY-315 gets push-back, and the cabin attendants take their positions, to go through the emergency procedures.

  The stewardess picks up phone and starts her spiel: „Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Capt. Yasher and his crew, I'd like to welcome you aboard this El-Al flight no. 3-1-5 from Tel Aviv to London Heathrow...“
				
  Flight LY-315 gets unhooked after push back, and starts taxiing to join the departure queue.

The stewardess continues her spiel: „... The estimated flying time én route, is 5h 20m, I repeat 5h 20m and our estimated time of arrival at London Heathrow is 13:35 local time.

  Please familiarise yourself with the emergency leaflet in the seat pocket in front of you, and do not remove it from the air craft, when you dis-embark. - The cabin crew will now demonstrate the use of lifevests and oxygen masks.“
		
Flight LY-315 continues in its queue on the taxiway for Runway 26.


***************************



CHAPTER 10

OPERATION: GOLDEN BROWN

US COMMAND CENTRE
CODE NAME: SENTINEL
LOCATION: TOP SECRET
OPERATION: GOLDEN BROWN

   In the background we hear the tune „Golden Brown“ with The Stranglers, being played on AFRS outside the US COMMAND CENTRE, while BOEING 
B-2 Spirit Stealth Bombers and F-117 Nighthawks are taxiing unto an air-strip, and taking off in twos.

  The group, is lead by Capt. Charles Timoney, who has a strong Irish accent.

  After a short while, all the group is airborne and approaching their target.

  Capt. Charles Timoney addresses the group over the radio in the cockpit:

  „Alright everybody, let's hold a tight formation. TANGO dead ahead.“

  „GOLDEN BROWN LEADER TO LATRINE, WE ARE READY TO TAKE A DUMP.“

  „LATRINE TO GOLDEN BROWN LEADER. YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO TAKE A DUMP.“

  „WILKO! Alright everybody, FOXTROT HOT.“

Bombay doors open.

  „FOLLOW ME EVERYONE. LET'S TAKE A DUMP.“

  All the group drops a shed load of plastic bags (pedal bin liners) filled with human waste.  The bags explode on the mouth of the caves on the mountain
side, which turn a magnificent GOLDEN BROWN.

  „Golden Brown leader to Latrine.“

  „LATRINE TO GOLDEN BROWN LEADER, Go ahead.“

  „Have finished taking a dump on the 'arse wipes', and are returning to base.“

  „LATRINE TO GOLDEN BROWN LEADER, We'll be standing by with the wet wipes.“

***************************

CHAPTER 11

ALLAHDIN'S CAVE Part 2

  The robed figures, walk in front of the brothers of the faith, and get ready to address them.  The man in the white turban raises his hands to get the brethren to cease their chatter, and then introduces the man in the blue turban, by saying:

و حالا من برادران ما باید اراده خدا بداند
خدا بزرگ است

TRANSLATION: And now my brothers, we shall hear, the will of GOD. For God is great.

برادران
تا کنون از صلیبی کفار را غارت سرزمین ما و راه و روش ما رعایت

TRANSLATION: Brothers! Ever since the crusades, the infidels have plundered our lands and not respected our ways.

  Brothers acknowledge and agree with the words with nodding and resounding cheers.

دهها کفار را درگیر در تولید عوامل بیولوژیک است که مردم بی گناه آزاد شده اند

TRANSLATION: For many decades, the infidels have engaged in the manufacturing of biological agents which have been released on innocent people.

  Once again The Brothers acknowledge their agreement with the words.

 در حالی که آنها تصمیم می گیرید که و چگونه بسیاری از زندگی باید ما بیمار شده است 
اما امروز خدا آنها را که باید زندگی می کنند نشان می دهد باید 
و که هلاک مي

TRANSLATION: We have been patient, while they decide who and how many  shall live. But today GOD shall show them who shall live and who shall die.

 مهران توکلی ما متخصص مقیم در تکنولوژی پیشرفته فضایی ما را با کشیدن سلاح ری است که فاز اول ما حمله کفار فراهم می کرده است

TRANSLATION: Mehran Tavakoli Keshe our resident specialist in advanced space technology has provided us with a tractor beam weapon which will be the first phase of our attack on the infidels.

آنها هنوز با آنها برخورد خواهد شد

TRANSLATION: They will not know what hit them.

و در سردرگمی ما فاز 2 شد و باعث قطع گسترده برق کشور

TRANSLATION: And during the confusion, we will instigate phase 2, and cause a nation wide power failure.

و کفار باید تاریکی فیزیکی شبیه تاریکی معنوی آنها را در زندگی تجربه

TRANSLATION: And the infidels shall experience the physical darkness, akin to the spiritual darkness they live in.

سپس فاز 3 بلایای طبیعی خواهد آمد

TRANSLATION: Then will come phase 3. Natural disasters

هنگامی که بسیاری از برادران ما برای شکوه بیشتر خدا قربانی خواهد شد

TRANSLATION: When many of our brothers, will be sacrificed for the greater glory of Allah.

زمانی که زمین را پاک از چاه مستراح جهانی

TRANSLATION: When the earth will be cleansed of the universal cesspool.

  The speach is interrupted by a rather dis-pleasing miazma, which permiates the ambience of the meeting.

این بوی افتضاح است

TRANSLATION: What is that awful smell?

 آمریکایی ها مدفوع کاهش یافته است در سراسر سمت کوه

TRANSLATION: The Americans dropped excrement over the mountain side.

  They are then called to prayer, and all become quiet and put down their firearms, break out their prayermats, take off their footware and the prayer session begins.


***************************


CHAPTER 12

TAXIWAY LEADING TO RUNWAY 26

  El Al flight LY-315 is on the taxiway and stops as preceding aircraft takes-off.
Captain Yasher addresses the passengers and cabin crew: „Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are presently number one for take-off, please ensure your electronic equipment is switched off,
the back of your seats are in an upright position, the tables in front of you stored away, and any hand-luggage is under the seat in front of you, or 
in the overhead locker. - Enjoy your flight.
	
  Cabin attendants, please take your seats for take-off.“

  LY-315 taxis onto Runway 26, and is contacted by the tower: „El Al THREE ONE FIVE Heavy, you are clear for take-off Runway 26 and have a pleasant flight.“

  „Roger tower. Thank you and have a nice day.“

  Pilots put their hands on the throttles and throttle up, and the gauges confirm increase in engine pressure, groundspeed etc. - Co-Pilot reads out the ground speed for take off: „V3 … V2 … V1 … ROTATE.“

  The pilots pull the steering wheel towards them, and the air-crafts nosegear  lifts off the runway, and just after the aircraft lifts safely off the runway,  Captain Yasher says: „Wheels up.“

  „Wheels up.“ responds the Co-Pilot as he moves the leaver, to retract undercarriage, which is audibly retracted, upon which the tower gives them their final instruction: „EL AL THREE ONE FIVE climb to flight level THREE THREE ZERO.“

   „Flight level THREE THREE ZERO – Roger.“ Acknowledges Capt. Yasher.


***************************

CHAPTER 13

CORNERHOUSE CAFÉ,
MANCHESTER, ENGLAND
9 A.M.

Sarah and Helen, enter the café, close the door behind them, and walk up to the bar.  Serving there, is a young barrista, that goes by the name: MARIELLA, as that is what her name tag says.

  „Good morning ladies, what can I get you today?“

  Sarah is dying to have something to eat, and quickly blurts out: „We'll have two hot chocolates, and two croissants with jam please.“

  „So that's two hot chocolates, and two croissants with jam.“

  Helen, who is in a facetious mood, decides to add her 2p worth, and says: 
„Yes, please.  She's inviting me, and I'm paying.“

  Mariella, who has had a rough week at the Café, doesn't get the joke and says: „Pardon???“

  „Don't take any notice of her.  She's always like this,when she's sober.“

  „And it's too early in the day to start drinking?“

  „Not a chance of that.  We're tee-total and Good Templars.“

  Mariella the barrista sighs.

  „Have a seat ladies, and I'll bring it over to your table.“

  Sarah and Helen walk over to a table, as they take a seat, Mariella the barrista, brings their order, and behind her, an old sage can be seen entering the café.

  „There you go ladies.  Two hot chocolates, and two croissants with jam.“

  „Thank you.“ They both respond

  „You're welcome.“ Responds the barrista as she leaves.

  „So, what do you think about the news of the 
completion of The Temple in Jerusalem?“, asked Sarah.

  „To be quite honest, I haven't given it much thought.“

  „That's right.  You're not the religious type.“

  „It's not just that; It just doesn't have any meaning for me.  I mean – What do they need a Temple for, when they have a synagogue to go to?“
  The old sage walks up to their table, and interrupts their conversation: „May I join you ladies?“

  They stare at him with puzzled looks, but concede to allow him to join them, irrespective of the fact, that there are many empty places in the café: „Ehm … Sure.  Have a seat.“

  „Thank you.“ replied the Sage as he sits down,
„Please … Don't let me interrupt your conversation.“

  „Well, Helen.  That's because you do not understand the significance of The Temple.
Synagogues are their equivalent to our Churches
and Chapels, whereas, a Temple is different. It
is for carrying out sacred ordinances.“

  Sage decides to involve himself in their conversation: „Yes, not many today, do not realize the importance of the 'Saving Ordinances of The Temple', and that if it weren't for the work carried out in them, that the world would be devastated.“ and then the Sage takes a sip of his hot chocolate with whipped cream.

  „Let me see if I can explain it in layman's terms.“ adds Sarah

  „I'd like that.  I like things simple.  It keeps
me from getting headaches.“ replied Helen.

  „When you go to Church, you normally go for 
Sacrament and a Sermon, right?

  „Yes.“

  „And, sometimes you go for Baptisms, Confirmations, Weddings and Funerals.“

  „Yeah …“

  „To receive 'other' saving ordinances, AND teachings from above, you need a Temple. - There are many covenants people can make with THE LORD, but SOME must be made in a Temple, and although people make covenants with GOD, they DO NOT ALWAYS KEEP THEM.“

  Helen looks at Sarah as if she were from cloud cuckoo land, and then shoots a look at the Sage.

  „Alright.  I'll bite.  Enlighten me … please.“

   The Sage finds this conversation interesting and decides to join in, eventhough he hasn't been invited to participate: „It all started in the days of Moses in the desert, and the Tabernacle.“

  „That's where they kept the Ark and all that stuff.“ interjected Helen.

  „At least you haven't forgotten everything you 
learned in Sunday School.“ replied the Sage.

  „Indiana Jones refreshed my memory.“

  „Well, the Tabernacle, was a 'Mobile Temple' in a manner of speaking, and a precursor to The Temple of Solomon.“ 
	
  „So, they go to all the trouble to build a 	Temple, 
only to make a few covenants?  Why not just use a 'Tabernacle' like they did in the days of yore?“

  „Why not use a BOWERY, instead of Chapels or Churches?“

  „What's a BOWERY?“

  „A simple shelter, to keep the sun and rain of you, akin to a pergola or a bus shelter, except it only has a roof, and no back or walls, or seats.“

  „Sod that for a lark.  What about shielding you 
from the elements, or if you need to sit down or
if you're desperate for the loo?“

  „You, my dear are being very duplicitous, if you 
don't mind me saying.“

  „What do you mean … duplicitous?“

  „TWO FACED.“

  „I know what it means. I want to know why you 
consider me that?“

  „You feel, that YOU should be able to be in comfortfor when it suits you to attend Church, but you do not feel, that THE LORD, is entitled to the samecomfort, while he waits patiently for the time it suits you to show up.“

  Helen looks at the Sage, very much annoyed by his last comment, even more so, as he is right.

  „What the man is trying to REMIND you OF,“ interjects Sarah, „is that THE SABBATH, was created for MAN(kind), and NOT vice versa.“

  „THE LORD loves you, and would like to teach you, so you, and your loved ones, will be prepared for the life to come as well as the resurrection and be able to receive exaltation and live with him in The Celestial Kingdom in the eternities.“
The Sage continued.

  „And this can't all this be done in a Chapel or Church?“

  „No. - Why can't everyone be home taught, instead of going to School, College or University?“

  „Because, we have to make sure that what is taught, is in harmony with the curriculum and by people 'in the know'.“

  „You have answered your own question.“

  „Put differently, the people 'in the know', are people with the proper 'authority'.“ added Sarah.

  „So what happens, if we don't have anyone with authority?“ queried Helen, and smiled.

  „Very simple.  You have a period of 'apostasy',
where people hunger for “God's wisdom”, but they walk in darkness like the blind children of human nature they are, instead of remembering that they ARE 'Children of God', and should seek 'The Godly Spark', that lies within, and Prayerfully seek the confirmation of The Holy Spirit.“ The Sage answered.

  „When Jesus' apostles were killed, the authority 
was taken from the earth, and mankind, went through a period of apostasy, till God raised another prophetand restore the priesthood to the earth.“ Sarah added.

  „This is the dispensation in which you live. Do either of you pray to God?“ asked The Sage.

  „Yes.“ replied Sarah

  „Sometimes.“ was Helen's answer.

  „So do you pray TO GOD, or do you prey ON GOD?“

  „What do you mean, PREY ON GOD?“

  „I mean, do you talk to God, and thank him for his Grace and Gifts, or do you simply pester him and continually ask for things, without showing an ounce of gratitude?“

Helen skirts the issue and says: „I use THE LORD'S PRAYER.“

  „You mean, vain repetition.“ said Sarah.

  „I resent that.“ Helen retorted, as that comment, really upset her, primarily, because it had a sting in it, that she knew perfectly well,  applied to her

  „Alright Helen. Let me ask you this. What if I 
telephoned you every night, 	and all I did was say 
the same thing, except I 	pestered you only when I 
needed something, but I never said: 'THANK YOU'. How would you feel?“

  „I'd consider you to be a right ignorant bitch.“	

  „Exactly. - You see, THE LORD works in mysterious ways. Imagine this. A wife prays for her husband not to shout 	so much at the kids, and he ends up in hospital.“

  „How the heck would that help?“

  „Well, for one, he wouldn't be at home to shout at the kids. Number two, perhaps the wife would 
appreciate more what her husband does, and be more willing to share the burden, so he won't shout as much, because NOW, SHE finds herself shouting, because she is doing everything alone.“

  „O.k.“

  „Another example, is a family, where everyone is too selfish, and taken up with what their own personal desires are, yet all are praying for the family to be more united; So THE LORD, sends them a trial, where the family will have to stick together, or forever be divided and even break up.“

  „That's just downright mean.“

  „Is it? Both are an opportunity for them to unite.  
Which is better, a salmon caught in a stream, 
that has lived all its life in the wild, or a salmon from a fish farm?“

  „A salmon caught in a stream.“

  „Why?“

  „Because, it's stronger, and its meat better and 
not as loose.“

  „Because of it's trials, it has been made stronger.  The same applies to people. GOD gives them an 'opportunity' to grow and be edified.“

  „I'm with you.“

  „So which prophecies do you believe? Those of: Daniel, Jeremiah, Isaiah and John the Revelator, or those of: Pendragon, Criswell and Nostradamus?“

  „Well the first four you mentioned, are from THE BIBLE; So I would definitely believe them. Whereas the others, made predictions, and have said that they are merely warnings of what could take place, but that man had free will, and could change it, if he so chooses.“

  „Correct. But why believe THE BIBLE?“

  „Because it is the word of God.“

  „How do you know?  Have you prayed about it? Or is it simply because you are following everyone else?  After all, there are many translations of THE BIBLE, and they don't exactly AGREE on everything.“

  „I have to believe something.“

  „What he is trying to tell you, is that you have 
to pray about THE WORD OF GOD, to be able to gain a testimony about it.“

  The Sage stands up, and gets ready to say his good-byes and depart: „Ladies, it's been a pleasure.  I hope we shall meet again sometime, if not, then at least in the eternities.“ And without waiting for a response, The Sage departs.

  „That was weird … As was he.“ said Helen

  At that moment, Mariella the barrista, returns, and says: „Can I get you ladies any more to eat or drink?“

  Sarah looks around, feeling perplexed, and then says: „Where did he disappear to?“

  „Who?“ asked the barrista.

  „The man who was sitting here with us, and drinking the hot chocolate, his cup is right here …“ said Sarah, as she pointed to where the cup was, that the Sage had been drinking out of, but it was gone.


  And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the beast, and upon them that worshipped his image.

The Book of Revelations 16:2

CHAPTER 14

 COBRA MEETING
NO. 10 DOWNING STREET
LONDON, ENGLAND
11 A.M.

  „So none of you have a flaming clue, what all this chatter means.“ remarked The Prime Minister to the gentleman from MI5.

  „I'm afraid not.  The code is unlike anything we've encountered.“ was his response.

  „However, we do strongly recommend, that we raise, the security threat, from AMBER to RED, due to the recent biological attack, as well as the increase of the chatter on the terrorist channels.“ commented The Chief of Police.

  'Hear, hear'. Was the general concensus.

  „That's all fine and dandy, but we still don't know, if we're going to get a bomb up our laurels, or if it is just a ruse to see how we respond; You weren't  so good to spot the outbreak of lesions, before it occurred, were you? Have they found out what caused it yet?“ said The Prime Minister as she takes a drink from her bottled water.

  „Yes PRIME MINISTER. It was contaminated water.“ responded The Chief of Police.

  The Prime Minister spits out the water she was drinking, and then says: „And when were you going to flaming well tell me?“

  „We did just now. Would you rather we sat on our laurels, and did nothing?“ replied the man from MI5

  „No, I expect you to do, what you are flaming well paid for.  You say you have the intelligence, I
want to see some intelligence, before I issue an
order to practically seal of the country.“
	
  „Yes, Prime Minister, but …“ 

  „No buts, unless you want me to kick you in them. I want results. Not all 	places have the luxury of reducing the amount of 	people coming through, even on AMBER ALERT, e.g. Ticket Sales offices and many other public buildings. So we are still vulnerable. I've got that idiot Dorinda Day, President of Europe to see, along with the first minister of Scotland and the first minister of Wales. Apparently Dorinda Day, has some grandiose idea ofEngland joining forces with Europe, as they feel vulnerable since the U.K. exited the European Union back in 2016, and since we cannot answer for Wales or Scotland, after the 	Total Devolution in 2020, they are invited too.“

  „We sympathize with your predicament Prime Minister, but these messages are very cryptic. In fact we have just discovered, that there was an encoded message, in the interruption of Al Jazeera's transmission, on April the 1st.“

  „What kind of message?“

  „Some sort of code. It looked Alien in fact.“

  „Alien??? Are you trying to tell me we are looking for little green men?“

  „No! I mean it doesn't look like anything we've seen.“

  „Phew! For a moment there, I thought you wanted me to ask the Chief of Police here, to get Alien Registration involved, in case we had little green men popping up everywhere.“

  „No, Prime Minister, I mean it looked like very sophisticated object code, that is to say computer code, ready for use, but unlike that which we use. It appears, that it is written in a new computer language, possibly for a new operating system even.“

  „So who uses it then?“

  „That's the problem, we don't know …“ 

  The Prime Minister slaps the table, but before she can interrupt, the rep. from MI5 continues.

  „Moreover, there was also a subliminal message, 
hidden in the moisturiser television advert that immediately followed the transmission interruption.We suspect, that it is intended to 'awaken' a sleeper cell, that may have possibly been unwittingly recruited through hypnosis, which is why we would like you to raise the threat level to RED.“

  „BLOODY HELL! It is also harder for us to justify the additional expense, if we are 'only' at AMBER ALERT.“ interjected the chief of police.

  „Well, la de dah!  Someone with a conscience for expenses. It's a pity the politicians didn't think so, when they stashed all that money in overseas accounts back in 2016, to avoid paying taxes.“ retorted the Prime Minister facetiously.

  „May I remind the Prime Minister, that it was thatwhich won the Election and wiped out both Labour and The Conservatives and got The Prime Minister elected.“ commented the man from MI5

  „It was The Freelance Party's Freelance Act of 2018, which resulted in the making more people freelancers, which meant they paid less taxes, and more people went out to work, reducing unemployment and government spending. It was a win win situation. But I am still, nowhere near, where our threat stems from.“

  „It's not: The I.R.A., as Northern Ireland went back to the Irish after the Devolution in 2020, and The Russians are Neutral, and The Caliph of Iran, gave Temple Mount back to the Israelis.“ added the chief of police.

  „So who is it?“ queried the P.M.

  „We haven't a flaming clue.“ responded the man from MI5

  „No you haven't, but I'll give you your RED ALERT, just so it looks as if we are doing something; But this thing with hypnotic suggestion worries me, as ever since 7/7, COBRA has been considered a collection of ball scratching old fuddy duddies, that don't know their arse from their elbow. But I'm telling you, if this goes south, and we have another terrorist attack, by the likes of 7/7/2005, I'll grab you by the balls, mash them into soup, and have them for dinner; Because I am NOT taking the fall for such a Cluster Fuck. Do I make myself clear on that?“

  „Yes Prime Minister.“ replied the man from MI5 and the chief of police together.

  „Meeting adjourned.“ said the P.M. annoyed.

Members of COBRA leave the room, and the door closes behind them.

  „What a FUCKING CUNT that woman is.“ said the man from MI5
  „Aye.“ concurred the chief of police.

Door opens again, revealing a very livid P.M. over what she's heard and loses her rag.

  „The good thing about being a fucking cunt, is that I don't have balls to scratch and I certainly don't have to think with them all the time.“

After which she slams the door, and both the man from MI5 and the chief of police look horrified, at having been caught out commenting about the P.M.

The PM's PA motions them to the front door and opens it for them, and they exit, and are seen coming out of the building.

***********************************

CHAPTER 15

LY-315 – 12:45 B.S.T.

  LY-315, has started its decent and the captain has swithced on the Fasten seatbelt signs.  The stewardess picks up the intercom and addresses the passengers.

  „Ladies and gentlemen, please note, that the captain has switched on the fasten seatbelt sign. Please return to your seat, and fasten your seatbelt.  Can you also please ensure that the table in front of you is secured, and any 
hand-luggage is either stored in the overhead locker …“ 

  Fifteen minutes later, two men get upon The BT Tower, and set up their equipment, which they had stored there previously, for this occasion.
As they finish setting up, and one of the terrorists, taps the other on the shoulder and points to the sky, and flight LY-315 in the distance.

نگاه وجود دارد هدف ما

TRANSLATION: Look! There's our target.

خدا بزرگ است خدا ستوده شود

TRANSLATION: Allah be praised for God is great.

  The men initiate the device, and aim the parabolic dish with a directional microwave antenna at the aircraft.

  As they view the aircraft from the parabolic dish, and microwave antenna they activate the device. 

  The aircraft suddenly banks harshly and heads towards The BT TOWER.

  „What the … I don't have control of the aircraft.“ 

  „Captain, we are loosing altitude. - We are going down.“

  The aircraft is now heading straight for THE BT TOWER, and the two compadres, are ready to die for their cause.

  Captain Yasher, starts transmitting a Mayday call: „London Heathrow, this is ELAL 3-1-5 Heavy, 
declaring an EMERGENCY.“

  „ELAL 3-1-5 Heavy, Please state the nature of your emergency. (Pause) ELAL 3-1-5 Heavy, I repeat, please state the nature of your emergency.“

  But before Capt. Yasher can utter a reply, the aircraft crashes into THE BT TOWER and bursts into flames.

  A BA flight én route from Rome, sees what has happened, and reports to the tower: „	London Heathrow this is Speedbird FIVE FIVE THREE … 
He's just crashed into THE BT TOWER …“

  The rotating restaurant and antennaes collapse to the ground along with broken glass, debris and dead bodies in flames.  The carnage reminds bystanders of the attacks of 9/11 2001 and 7/7.


***************************


CHAPTER 16

NO. 10 DOWNING STREET

  Sitting round the meeting table are: Dorinda Day, President of Europe, Prime Minister of England, The 1st Minister of Scotland, and The 
1st Minister of Wales.

  „My esteemed colleagues.  The reason that I requestedthis meeting, was to discuss with you the increased chatter on the known terrorist channels, and our concerns, that the threat level is rising, especially in view of the latest outbreak of lesions all over Europe.“

  „I concur. We discussed this in a COBRA meeting this morning, and agreed to raise the threat level to RED. MI5 also detected a computer program hidden in the radiographic static on Al Jazeera's channel, when its transmission was interrupted on April the 1st making us all look like fools, for not having found it sooner. Moreover, there was also a hidden message in the t.v. advert that followed.“
	
  Dorinda Day is shocked at the developments the Prime Minister has just reported, and then proceeds to report the developments from Europe: „I spoke to the newly elected President of The United States of America, but they see no reason to go above DEFCON 3.“

  Then the meeting is interrupted with a knock on the PM's door, causing everyones attention to turn to the door; As the door opens, in comes the PM's PA, who has a very worried expression on his face, and says: „My apologies Prime Minister, but there is an urgent phone call for you, from the Chief of Police on line 1 that cannot wait.“

  The PM wastes no time, and picks up line 1, while the PA makes a bee line for the television set and puts on BBC 1.

  „This better be important.“

  „First of all, allow me to apologise for our vulgar language, this morning.“

  „And I apologise for my use of the English language; Now can you kindly get to the point.“

  „Have you seen the news on BBC1?“

  „No I'm in a meeting with The President of Europe and the first minister of Alba and he first minister of Cymru.“

  PM and the others look at the TV in disbelief as they see the devastation of the BT TOWER.

  „What happened?“ queried the PM

  „You best put me on speaker phone.“ replied the Chief of Police

  PM switches to speaker phone.
 
  „Alright, you're on speaker phone.“

  „We believe it is a terrorist attack, Prime Minister. I'm with MI5 and MI6 now. And they told me, that a cryptic communiqué was intercepted on ELF which read IKGG and signed MABUS.“

  „And do they feel, that this could be another 9/11 and 7/7?“

  „Most definitely, as the letter 'I', is the 9th letter of the alphabet, 'K' the 11th, and 'G' the 7th. - and you get NINE ELEVEN SEVEN SEVEN, though no has claimed responsibility as yet.“

  „I should like to suggest we close of THE EUROTUNNEL immediately.“ said Dorinda the President of Europe.

  „Aye.“ concurred the 1st Minister of Alba.

  „Ydw.“ added the 1st Minister of Cymru.

  „CHIEF, we are all in agreement, to close down THE EUROTUNNEL immediately.  I can only speak for ENGLAND, when I say close down all the airports and ports too. But I think my colleagues will be making phone calls to your respective numbers in Scotland, Wales and Europe. At least by closing down England's airspace,we have a chance of containing the situation.“ said the P.M.
CHAPTER 17

THE LISTENER Part 2

UNDISCLOSED LOCATION
MONITORING NEAR EARTH ASTEROIDS
APRIL 28th 2029

  At an undisclosed location, monitoring near earth asteroids and comets, a radio listener sits quietly as she watches the computer monitor and enters data into the computer, while on the radio she hears:

  „Following the inauguration of Lucinda Fells, to the office of President of The United States of America, Reginald Mabus, former Ambassador to Turkey, Iran and Iraq, was nominated by her as The Secretary of The Navy, and has been sworn into office, effective immediately.

  Meanwhile, in the Middle East, The Caliph of Iran, has expressed his condolences to the people of Israel and England, after the tragic crash of El Al flight no. LY-315 into The BT TOWER. This is reminiscent of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. in 2001 and the London bombings of 7/7 in 2005. No nation or terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the atrocities, as yet.“

  The female listener turns off radio, and carefully views the computer screen showing trajectory and telemetry details, as she says to herself: 

  „It appears my two tailed friend that you are on a Kamikazi mission to THE SUN.  I best get my colleagues to verify this, as you may very well wreak havoc world wide.“

  Her hand goes for a hot drink on her desk, and she takes a sip of her drink and reaches for the telephone and dials a number. The phone rings, and then a rather curt voice responds: „Yes.“

  „We may have a NINE NINE SEVEN BRADLEY.“

  „How sure are you of your findings?“

  „Very.“

  „You better come in.  We can't discuss this over the telephone.“

  „I understand.“

***************************

  And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.

  And the third angel poured out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.

  And I heard the angel of the waters say: “Thou artrighteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.

  For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy”.

  And I heard another out of the altar say: “Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgements”.

The Book of Revelations 16: 3-7

CHAPTER 18

HELEN'S FLAT

  Sarah is sitting on the sofa watching BBC NEWS, as Helen walks in with hot chocolate and something to nibble on puts drinks on the table and offers Sarah something to nibble on, while the anchor man on tv reads the following news:

  „Red Tide, has been observed in many countries over the world today, in places like ÍSAFJÖRÐUR or the Icy Fjord in Iceland, which has happened before. It has also been observed in many coastal areas of the U.S. - Red tides are events in which estuarine, marine, or fresh water algae accumulate rapidly in the water column, resulting in colouration of the surface water. It is usually found in coastal areas. It kills many manatees every year. 

  These algae, known as phytoplankton, are single-celled protists, plant-like organisms that can form dense, visible patches near the water's surface. Certain species of phytoplankton, dinoflagellates, contain photosynthetic pigments that vary in colour from green to brown to red.

  When the algae are present in high concentrations, the water appears to be discoloured or murky, varying in 	colour from purple to almost pink, normally being red or green.
  Not all algal blooms are dense enough to cause water discolouration, and not all discoloured waters associated with algal blooms are red. Additionally, red 	tides are not typically associated with tidal movement of water, hence the preference among scientists to use the 	term algal bloom.

  Some red tides are associated with the production of natural toxins, depletion of dissolved oxygen or other harmful effects, and are generally described as harmful 	algal blooms. The most conspicuous effects of these kinds red tides are the associated wildlife mortalities of marine and coastal species of fish, birds, marine mammals, and other organisms.

  The Jelly fish problem is due to the animals to reproduce both sexually in the medusa stage, and asexually in the polyp stage.

  The problem with both Red Tides and the Jelly Fish plague, is that they reduce the amount of oxygen in the water, thus killing off all other fish in the area.

  Scientists believe, that the increase in ocean temperatures, may be the reason for the dramatic 
increase of these lifeforms, as the conditions are 
akin to how they were in prehistoric times, when 
these lifeforms were in full bloom.

  Scientists, have suggested the use of stromatolites, to combat this bloom, which are only found in Brazil and Australia, and the governments of those countries are not prepared to damage their delicate ecosystems, without examining the possible impact it may have, in removing this delicate species.

  In the Middle East, the Caliph of Iran, spoke on behalf of the Muslim Brotherhood of World (Ummah) Arab States, which covers countries like: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Egypt, Syria, Saudi Arabia and Turkey, where his first premier interpreted for him.“

  The TV transmission then switches from the Anchor man to a recording of the transmission, of  the Caliph and his Premier, with the words “Courtesy of Al Jazeera” on the screen, and the following interpretation is heard on tv being given by the Premier who is wearing a white turban: „The Caliph wishes to express his condolences to the people of Israel and England for their losses in today's tragedy …“

  Helen picks up the remote control, and switches the TV off.

  „Thank you for letting me stay over.“ Sarah said.

  „My pleasure.  I'm kind of glad, as I don't fancy staying alone either after the Terrorist attack today.“

  „Neither did I.“

  „Although, I must admit, I was surprised, when we went by your place, that you had already packed the rucksack.“

  „It's called a 72h kit.  It's a Mormon thing. In THE CHURCH, we are taught about 'preparedness', and one of the things, is to have a 72h kit, in the event you have to evacuate your home without warning.“

  „Good idea that. Just like now with these terrorist attacks.“

  „Yes, they remind me so much of what is written in the scriptures …“

  „What do you mean exactly?“

  „I mean where it says brother shall fight against brother … You know … What the prophets say.“

  „I'm not so well up on 'What the prophets say'.“

  „Oh! That's right.  Indiana Jones didn't cover the prophets.“ said Sarah and grinned.

  „Alright, I deserved that.“

  „Fancy coming with me to Church tomorrow? You can learn more about what the mouthpiece of The Lord says, and besides, I could really use the company.“
  Helen hesitates slightly, before giving her consent: „Why not. It's not as if I've got to be somewhere.“

  „Perhaps you would like to read the scriptures with me for tomorrow's Sunday School Lesson.“

  „Why not. Which part of The Bible are we studying.“

  „We're not.  It's The Doctrine and Covenants this year.“

  „It's the what???“

  „The Doctrine and Covenants.  It's modern day revelations. We rotate between years, which scriptures we study. This year we're doing the Doctrine and Covenants, and next year, we do The Old Testament …“

  „This is going to be a long evening.“

  Sarah is getting all giddy and exited to have a study partner, and says to Helen: „Don't worry. It'll be fun.“

  „If you say so.“

CHAPTER 19

LA PALMA
May 1st 2029

  On the shore by the foot of Cumbre Vieja, the men finish coupling the pipe on land, The Nephillim retracts its island and submerges being escorted by The Leviathan, and The Goliath follows and is escorted by Wormwood.  Meanwhile, the cable vessel Henry P. Lading, raises a diamond shape from its yard arm, as well as switching on a red all round light from the mast to indicate it is towing, and starts laying the pipe towards the vessel TI Africa, which has already rendezvoused with 4 bulk carriers.

  The cargo hold of the bulk carriers is open, it contains ammonium nitrate, and the men are mixing aluminium powder, to it, and then mix it with the fuel oil, from the fuel tanker to create a explosive slurry.

  The Henry P. Lading arrives with the other end of the hose.  The Men connect it, and finish mixing the ingredients with the fuel oil from the tanker, and start engaging the slurry pump. We see men on the mountain, busy guiding the slurry into the crevaces.

CHAPTER 20

ENGLISH CHANNEL
May 2nd 2029 08:30 BST  

Under the waters of The English Channel, lurks an Amur class submarine which is gliding like a ghost.

  A P-677 AMUR CLASS SUBMARINE, CODE NAME: Βορυσθένης (BORYSTHENES) LOCATION: ENGLISH CHANNEL
	           
  The crew are at their stations speaking in Persian, when a incoming communiqué is received over the tele-type. It reads: PHASE 2 – MABUS. 

  An excited crewman tares it off and gives it to first officer, who after examining it, takes it to the Captain, and gives him the communiqué.

  The captain looks at the communiqué, takes out his launch key walks to the firing console and inserts his key into the firing console.

  The 1st Officer goes to his firing console and also inserts his key.

  The crew wait with baited breath, and both the captain and the 1st Officer look at their watches.

فعال

TRANSLATION: ACTIVATE

  Both the captain and the 1st Officer turn their keys, and their consoles light up. 

  As the crew sweats, the captain takes a deep breath and the 1st Officer strokes his beard.
			وقت آن است که برای دو مرحله آمده
			آماده موشک برای پرتاب

TRANSLATION: The time has come for phase 2. Prepare the CHAMP missiles for launch.

  The 1st Officer picks up the intercom, and repeats the order.
		آماده موشک برای پرتاب

TRANSLATION: Prepare the CHAMP missiles for launch.

			اطمینان از اهداف از پیش تعیین شده قرار است

TRANSLATION: Ensure predetermined targets are set.

		اطمینان از اهداف از پیش تعیین شده قرار است

TRANSLATION: Ensure predetermined targets are set.

اهداف از پیش تعیین شده آقا تنظیم

TRANSLATION: Predetermined targets are set sir.

اهداف از پیش تعیین شده آقا تنظیم

TRANSLATION: Predetermined targets are set sir.

باز کردن همه سیلوهای موشکی

TRANSLATION: Open all the missile silos.

باز کردن همه سیلوهای موشکی

TRANSLATION: Open all the missile silos.

سیلوهای موشکی آقا باز

TRANSLATION: Missile silos open sir.

		سیلوهای موشکی آقا باز

TRANSLATION: Missile silos open sir.

راه اندازی

TRANSLATION: Launch.

راه اندازی

TRANSLATION: Launch.

موشک های دور آقا
TRANSLATION: Missiles away sir.

		موشک های دور آقا

TRANSLATION: Missiles away sir.

  The CHAMP missiles launch from the submarine and after breaking the surface, make their way to their strategic targets.  They explode over LONDON HEATHROW, LONDON GATWICK, LONDON STANSTEAD, LONDON LUTON, MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, LEEDS-BRADFORD, BIRMINGHAM, BRISTOL, EDINBURGH, GLASGOW, ABERDEEN AND INVERNESS, PARIS, BERLIN AND FRANKFURT Airports.

  The missiles emit an EMP pulse, and paralyse all airport equipment, lights go out, radars stop, trains and underground trains stop, trapping all commuters. Cities are blacked out. Fuel pumps at filling stations cease to work; Telecommunications go down, utilities e.g. gas, electricity and water is cut off. Avionics of airborne aircraft is affected and they start dropping from the skies. The cities are in total chaos. Hospitals switch to emergency generators, but with fuel pumps inoperable, the fuel they consume, is at a premium, and won't last long. 

CHAPTER 21

MAY 2nd 2029 09:00

  Submarine Behemoth submerges 18 NM off the coast of La Palma.  Through its periscope the dive is monitored, unti its decks are awash.

  In the distance Cumbre Vieja, which has been dormant for some time, is about to be rudely awakened, as are the inhabitants and visitors of La Palma and its neighbouring islands.

  The commander of Behemoth looks at his watch, and the crew wait with baited breath, and then an almighty explosion is heard and felt, as the 
west side of Cumbre Vieja, approx. 500km3 w/an est. mass of 1.5x1015 kg, slides into the sea causing a mega tsunami with a local amplitude in excess of 600m or 2 000ft, and an initial peak to peak height of 2km or 1mi., and a speed of 
720 km/h or 450 mph. At that speed, THE MEGA TSUNAMI, will hit the AFRICAN COAST in 1h, THE BRITISH ISLES in 3.5h and THE EASTERN SEABOARD of THE USA in 6h.

  There will be little or no time for evacuation.

  As the Stratovolcano Cumbre Vieja Erupts. - The waters surrounding the island of La Palma are receeding, leaving the boats in the marina on dry land. 

  The Henry P. Lading, TI Africa and the Bulk Carriers,are pulled away as the water recedes, and are capsized as the waters return.

  The coast of La Palma being hit by a 2 000ft Tidal Wave, killing everyone in its path.
	
  As the wave crashes upon the shores, sea water goes into volcano, which causes it to explode like 
Krakatoa did in the distant past, thus creating a second Mega Tsunami.

  Meanwhile, The H.M.S. PRINCE OF WALES, a QUEEN ELIZABETH CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER, COMMISSIONED: 2018, is Flying her ID pendants R09

  The 1st Officer makes a note of the time 09:45 B.S.T. as he receives a report from CSC, and immediately informs the Captain: „	Captian, CSC reports radar contact bearing GREEN 110, Range 60NM, ETA 8m.“

  „WHAT!!!  That's impossible.“ Captain runs to the starboard side of the bridge, picks up his 
binoculars, and looks. - He is horrified to see the view of a MEGA TSUNAMI RACING TOWARDS THEM. - „BLOODY HELL!!! Look at the size of that thing. 	- Sound general quarters. Come about GREEN 110, All ahead full … And get those two birds up in the air, and get as many men inside as you can.“

  „Aye Aye Sir.“
  The Captain then turns his attention to the radio operator: „SPARKS! Make signal to FIRST SEA LORD. 300ft Tsunami heading 	for ENGLAND. ETA 2.5h, ETA PRINCE OF WALES 5m.“

  Alhtough trained to deal with stress, the radio operator knows all to well, that this may very well be the last message he will transmit in this life, and non-chalantly replies: „Aye Sir.“ and proceeds to transmit the message in the hopes to warn everyone at home.

  Two jets take off from H.M.S. PRINCE OF WALES, while the vessel turns round, to take the Tsunami head on, as the men on deck, scramble towards the island, while the deck lift is raised, and water tight doors are shut.

  Inevitably, the Tsunami hits the vessel, washing aircraft into the sea, and capsizing the vessel which is quickly submerged and sinks.


CHAPTER 22

CABINET WAR ROOMS 10:00 BST

  The Prime Minister, is addressing all present, by canlelight, but is primarily concerned with what The First Sea Lord has to say: „Good morning gentlemen.  Would someone like to 	start off by telling me, why all the early warning systems didn't work, and why ALL the Major cities in ENGLAND and SCOTLAND are without power and utilities, and why the pigging heck we are back in the dark middle ages?“

  The First Sea Lord, who is very upset about the armed forces response, has the unenviable task of addressing the Prime Minister: „	PRIME MINISTER; Our systems detected a missile launch 5 miles off our East Coast at 08:30 this 
morning, which didn't give us time to respond.“

  „Wonderful.  As of yesterday, we had a death toll 
of 375 000 from the lesions, which was apparently, an 	enhanced type of snake venom, for which there is no known antidote. Now that we do not have any electricity, we do not have any running water, or other form of utilities, so the people of this country, are going to resort to 
bottled water, which will undoubtedly increase the number of fatalities.  We've had an estimated 
24 000 die due to pace maker failures from the EMP from the bomb raid. And the emergency services won't be of much use, as the fuel pumps aren't working. I had to give them permission to borrow a manual pump from the transport museum.“

  At that moment, there is a knock on the door and the FLEET COMMANDER enters, and with a rather worried expression addresses the Prime Minister: „Begging the Prime Minister's and Sea Lord's pardon,but I have some urgent information that requires your immediate attention.“

  The FIRST SEA LORD looks at the note, and opens his eyes wide, then checks his watch and with a note of terror in his voice says: „	PRIME MINISTER; May I suggest we continue this 
meeting at a more secure location.“

  „I was lead to believe, that this WAS the most secure location we had.“

  „Yes PRIME MINISTER, but NOT in the event of a TIDAL WAVE.“

  „Did you say a TIDAL WAVE?“

  „Yes PRIME MINISTER. HMS PRINCE OF WALES, has apparently made radar contact with a MEGA TSUNAMI,	and based on its speed, it will impact LONDON, in approximately 2-2.5h.“

  „I knew they had forecasted heavy preciptation, but this really takes the biscuit. Any Survivors?“


  „We don't know as yet, but it is highly unlikely, that they survived a 300ft Tidal Wave.“

  „300 ft.!!! And we can't even warn the public. 
That won't go 	down well with the voters for the 
next election -  Very well. Evacuate.“

All evacuate the building and get into cars which speed off.


***************************


CHAPTER 23

WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON D.C. 05:00 EDT

	   5 HOURS BEFORE IMPACT

  The telephone rings, and The President looks at the clock, and sees it is 5 a.m., then answers the phone, and with a tone of displeasure says: „ It's five a.m., so this better be good.“ She pauses as she listens, and with disbelief replies: „	We've got a what? … (Pause) When? … That's only five hours from now.  You best sound the warning.(Pause) I don't care … People have a right to TRY 
to EVACUATE. - Now wake up the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and get Air Force One Ready, I'll meet them there in one hour.“ 

  She quickly hangs up, as her husband raises himself on one elbow and still half asleep says to her: „What's the matter honey?“

  „Get yourself and the kids dressed and get packed. We've gotta evacuate.“

***************************

CHAPTER 24

ENGLAND 12:10 BST

  The TIDAL WAVE approaches PENZANCE, but due to the lack of communication, no warning has been issued.  Instead, people are trying to bring normality into their childrens lives after the recent terrorist attacks, by enjoying watching the children play on the beach, until a child notices the sea receding, and brings it to its parents attentionþ

  „Mummy, Daddy! The sea is disappearing.“

  The childs mother turns round; „	What do you mean the sea is …“ The childs mother sees what is happening, as does her husband and they grab their kids and runs to the car, and get their kids in and strapped in their child safety seats, as the children's mother manages to get the car started without a hitch, at which point, one of the kids starts crying: „Mummy, we forgot Green Turtle.“

  The child had left Green Turtle on the beach .
Their loving father says: „I'll get it.“ and gets out of the car and runs to the beach, and gets Green Turtle, and holds it up triumphantly, and sees a look of horror on his family face, and then a reflection of the wave which then blackens out the sun as it makes landfall and kills them.


CHAPTER 25

AIR FORCE ONE  07:00 E.D.T.

3 HOURS BEFORE IMPACT

AIR FORCE ONE is already 1h into its flight, as the Secretarhy addresses The President: „Madam President.  I have the Prime Minister of ENGLAND on video link.

  „Thank you.“ replies the president, and proceeds to take the videolink.

  „Prime Minister.  What is the situation in ENGLAND?“

  „Total devastation.  We were fortunate enough, that one of our Aircraft Carriers, The Prince of Wales, was able to radio in a warning of the Tidal Wave, a few minutes before it was wiped out by the wave. The wave hit us about 30 minutes earlier than anticipated,and has wiped out the south coast. In addition to that we are in communicado, after being attacked by missiles yesterday, that resemble your CHAMP missiles 
in capability and design.  If it weren't for the onboard capability of our aircraft, and vessels that were docked, we wouldn't even be having this conversation.“

  The President, is devastated to hear, of the possibillity of US made missiles having been used against their allies, and then continues to probe for more information: „What about the water poisoning?“

  „We are probably looking at 1.5 million dead, and another 1.7 million wounded. We expect the majority of our water supply to be contaminated by sea water and sewage. And not all contaminated bottle water, has been recalled, so no guarentees there either.“

  The President shakes her head in disbelief: „What about the rest of the former U.K. or Europe?“

  „The wave is making its way up the coasts of IRELAND as we speak, and The Former U.K., as well as EUROPE, so it's too early to say, but I don't see them being any better off, as they too were bombed with CHAMP like missiles AND are being hit by the wave. It's the low lying counties here like Norfolk etc., and the low lying countries in EUROPE like The Netherlands, Denmark, and ICELAND, along with the Channel Isles and Scottish Isles, that are most likely to be wiped out.“

  „Is there anything we can do for you?“

  „PRAY, and when you've assessed the damage in your own country after the wave hits you, which will be in approximately 3h, you will perhaps be in a better position to tell us what resources you will THEN have at your disposal. - Perhaps we should speak again in 6h time. Then we'll both know what is happening.“

  „Agreed. We'll speak again in 6h.“

  The videolink is disconnected, and The President turns her attention to those present: „How the hell did the terrorists get their hands, on our CHAMP missiles?

  The SECDEF wants to avoid getting the proverbial clout round the lug, and says: „They may have developed a Cautionary Back-up or Tactical Redundancy.“

  The PRESIDENT gives the SECRETARY a dirty look, and barks at himi: „Just what the hell is that supposed to mean?“

  „We have no definite proof Madam PRESIDENT, but I would hazard a guess, that they STOLE the IDEA.“

  „Well why didn't you just say so, rather than use 
all this political verbal diarrohea. (Pauses) Is there anything else I should be made aware of?

  „While you were on videolink to the PRIME MINISTER, we got a message from MI5 and MI6 via one of ENGLAND's vessels, that was under repairs when the missiles hit, so it wasn't affected by the EMP.“

  „And what did they have to say?“

  „That they have decoded a hidden message in the Radiographic Static that was transmitted during the interruption of Al Jazeera's transmission on April 1st.“

  „What is that in human terms?“

  „Radiographic Static … Snow … Except since it was a Digital Transmission, there shouldn't have been any snow, as it is mainly experienced in ANALOGUE transmissions.“

  „So, are you saying, it was a deliberately transmitted?“

  „Yes. It worked similar to a QR code, transmitted at a higher speed than normal and hidden in the carrier wave; which when slowed down, revealed a very sophisticated computer program.“

  „What kind of program?“

  „That's the problem, it's in object code or machine code, which cannot be read by humans, but we cannot run it, as we don't believe it's in a computer language, or for an operating system known by or used by us.“

  „This just keeps getting better and better.  Maybe we should do what they did in the movie BATTLESHIP, and break out the OLD SHIPS, that are so old fashioned,vthat they are not affected by EMP?“

  „That's not fair Madam President.“

  „Oh no?  I'll tell you what's not fair.  What is NOT fair, is billions of dollars of tax payers money, being squandered on a defence budget, when there is no defence, because the system doesn't flaming work, and having 'SPECIAL AGENTS', that are so 'laid back', that they it's a wonder that they don't bloody fall over.“

  „There's more bad news.“

  „You are starting to remind me of my sister-in-law.“ comments The President, which shocks the SECDEF; „You can only take her anywhere twice.  First to offend, and the second time to apologise.“

The SECDEF is very much annoyed by the analogy, but The President continues: „Go on.  Lay it on me.  They days already ruined.“

  The SECDEF is finally allowed to get a word in edgewise, and at the risk of being shot, becomes  the bearer of bad news„There was also a hidden message in the Radiographic static. An audio alpha wave transmission at 8Hz, which told the viewer to remain seated, and watch the television advertisment that would follow; A moisturizer t.v. commercial immediately after the interruption.“

  „Oh, I can't wait to hear this.“

  „The message was transmitted at 400Hz, or a picture under the picture, which acted like a subliminal cut, and possibly used to activate sleeper cells world wide.“

  „Let me guess.  It said please contact your local handler, The Avon Lady.“

  „No, it said; ACTIVATE MAYIM.“

  „What the hell is MAYIM.“

  „It's Hebrew for WATER.  It's also annoyed the heck out of MOSSAD, that the message was in HEBREW, as it implicates them.“

  „Well THAT, is highly unlikely, as they are our allies, or at least were, when I woke up this morning.“

  „Well, You have to admirer the cunning design of the attack.“

  „I've a feeling I'm not going to like where this is going.“

  „Think about it Madam President. El Al Flight LIMA YANKEE THREE ONE FIVE was 'allegedly' attacked by unknown assailants, on ENGLISH soil, which gives the ISRAELIS good reason to increase alert status, AND distrust everyone.  Then the attack on EUROPE, but 	PRIMARILY the FORMER UNITED KINGDOM, which has a seat on the U.N. Security Council, so they won't trust anyone.

  Then the whole SPANISH Island of La Palma blows up, sending a MEGA TSUNAMI all over EUROPE, AND THE EASTERN SEABOARD OF THE U.S.A.“ reports the SECDEF

  The SECNAV, then adds his 5p worth: „To add insult to injury, neither we nor our allies, can retaliate, as we don't know who attacked us in the first place. So everyone has got their fingers up their backsides, as that's all they can do, since no one knows who the enemy is; Yet it also sows seeds of distrust among the allied forces, thus, the age old adage holds true: “United we stand, divided we fall”. - And the whole shebang is falling; falling apart that is.“

  „I take it back Mr. SECRETARY, you do NOT, remind me of my sister-in-law.“

  The SECDEF feels relieved, having again earned The Presidents trust, and says: „Thank you Madam President.“

  „Your EXACTLY like my sister-in-law.  A pain in the BLOODY ARSE, especially because you are right. Since we are expecting large TIDAL WAVES, You best take us to DEFCON 2 as we cannot go any higher, without knowing whom we are up against.“

  „We'll alert the forces to go to DEFCON 2.“ says the SECDEF.

  The SECNAV then adds: „In the meantime, Madam President, I'd like you to examine these sattelite images that just came in.“

   „What am I looking at here?“

  „These images were taken BEFORE La Palma blew up. They show 6 submarines, 4 bulk carriers, the oil tanker TI AFRICA, AND the DANISH Cable laying, albeit pipe laying vessel, Henry P. Lading.“

  „Wait a minute. The TI AFRICA, is ours.“

  „Exactly Madam President.  Someone, has gone to a lot of trouble, to hijack vessels from different nations, to cause confusion and distrust. Take a closer look at the submarines.“

  „Two of them look like super carriers.“

  „And the other four, are AMURA class subs, made in Russia.“

  „You think the Russians are behind this?“

  „No, but The Moroccan navy, 'allegedly', had four of their subs stolen, two weeks ago. The other two, are so large, that we can only assume, that they were especially made for whoever is behind this.“


  „Great. So we hava a SPECTRE behind all this. Why don't we just get FELIX LEITER AND JAMES BOND, on the case, and maybe add MODESTY BLAISE to it for good measure.“

  „Madam President. All joking aside, there was a communiqué, intercepted some time ago, that contained Biblical references.“

  „What are you suggesting; That we seek advice from The President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints or should we contact The Holy Sea, and request an audience with His Holiness 	The Pope maybe?“

  The SECDEF then comments: „No Madam President.  We think, that the terms: GOLIATH and NEPHILLIM, which both referenced giants in THE BIBLE, refers to the SUPER CARRIERS, and the other four references: LEVIATHAN, BEHEMOTH, WORMWOOD and BORYSTHENES, refer to the AMUR CLASS SUBMARINES.“

  „I don't recall BORYSTHENES, being mentioned anywhere in THE BIBLE.“ was The President's response.

  At which point SECNAV comments: „It isn't, Madam President.  It's the old name of The River DNIEPER, in Russia, and the subs ARE RUSSIAN MADE.“

  „Are you convinced, that's what the communiqué is referring to?“

  „It stands to reason, Madam President.“ replied The SECNAV.

  „Well flaming forgive me, if I beg to differ, but there doesn't seem to have been much reason behind any of the attacks, apart from building a major distrust and even dissent among our allies.“

  „There is one other matter, Madam President, that I hesitate to bring up.“ adds The SECDEF.

  „NOW, the other shoe drops.  Alright, let's have it.“

  „The coded messages sent to the submarines, were sent via ELF.“ said The SECDEF.

  „But that's how WE communicate with OUR submarine fleet!“ exclaimed The SECNAV.

  „That's not the worst part.  The worst part, is that ALL, ELF communiqués, were signed MABUS.“ added The SECDEF.

  „MABUS!!!“ exclaimed The President, partialy rising to her feet, and looking at her SECNAV.  „SECNAV! Would you care to explain yourself.  Was my trust in you misplaced???“

  „Madam President, I assure you, that my allegiance,is to our nation and what it stands for.“

  „This could just be another ruse to try and divide us in our war against terrorism, started by the Bush Administration, after 9/11 – or you could be one of those who receives their instructions from The Avon Lady.“

  „Surely you don't mean we have a traitor in our midst? We've all sworn allegiance to the flag and our nation.“ said The SECNAV, whose surname is MABUS.

  „Why not? Those Alpha Waves were intended for whoever, had been knowingly or unknowingly preconditoned to receive it.“

  „I assure you Madam President, that I do not even watch Al Jazeera.“ was The SECNAV's response.

  „Glad to hear it.  We shall ALL have to have a polygraph test, I and my family included. No one, and I MEAN, NO ONE, is above suspicion. - Now I have a question for you. What are we doing about evacuating The U.N. Diplomats?“ queried The President

  „Given the extenuating circumstances, we felt it advisable, to dispatch a fleet of TR-3B's to JFK, and take them to the USSS HILLENKOETTER.“ was The SECDEF's response.

CHAPTER 26

JFK INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 08:00 E.D.T.

	 2 HOURS BEFORE IMPACT

  A fleet of TR-3B's are on the tarmac, and only diplomats are allowed to board the aircraft.
Civillians are in an uproar, that they cannot board the crafts; One person breaks through, and is stopped by a soldier, who says: „HALT! or I'll shoot.“

  „Listen up, you bozo.“ responds the civillian, with no respect for the soldier's authority; „We pay your wages, and we havejust as much right to board those aircraft as anyone else.“ After which he pushes soldier away, causing other soldiers open fire, and kill him.

  The crowd screams and disperses, while people are trampled under foot, as it is every man for himself.

  Meanwhile in EUROPE, a 200 ft. Tidal Wave has already impacted, and devastates: SPAIN, PORTUGAL, BENELUX, GERMANY, FRANCE,  SCOTLAND, IRELAND, THE SCOTTISH ISLES, SCANDINAVIA, AND THE FAEROE ISLES.

CHAPTER 27

THE CENTRAL SCRUTINIZER

UNDISCLOSED LOCATION 09:00 E.D.T.

1 HOUR TO IMPACT

  The Central Scrutinizer is sitting opposite The Listener, and says: „NINE NINE SEVEN BRADLEY, you say;  And the government hasn't even bothered to inform the public.“

  „No they haven't. They are probably afraid of a 
mass panic, like we are experiencing now, due to 
the TIDAL WAVE, that is about to hit.“

  „What are they afraid of? The Stock Market Crashing? It's already gone to pot, as The Stock Exchanges in London, Frankfurt and Paris, have been disabled. And NOW The New York Stock Exchange too will be wiped out.“

  „A hacker from our group couldn't have done better.

  „You're right.  But we have to warn people about this. Get the equipment set up, and we'll record a message, and then stream it on THE DARK WEB, and activate the transmission remotely, using a burner phone; So if the feds find it, we will be long gone.“

CHAPTER 28

NASA NEAR EARTH OBJECT PROGRAM

09:15 E.D.T.

The site manager, is chatting to one of the scientists: „What's the latest data on the comet?“

  „It's heading for the sun, sir.“

  „How long till it impacts?“
	
  „About three days, and another three days, before EMP arrives, knocking all our sattelites out of orbit.“

  „Well, I guess I'll have to inform the president, even if I didn't vote for her.  After all, it isn't as if my career was in jeopardy. We're going to be wiped out in an hour anyway.“

  „What would you like me to do sir?“

  „Go home to your wife and family.  Be together when it happens.“

  „Yes sir.  Thank you sir.  What are you going to do?“

  „I'm going to inform the president, and then I am going to have a few doughnuts, even though I do suffer from high colesterol.  What's it going to do? Kill me?“

  Then both grin, as they know, that it is highly unlikely, that they will survive The Mega Tsunami.

  „No sir.  It's been a pleasure working with you.“

  They shake hands.

  „You to.  Now go home, before the first wave hits.“

  „Yes sir.“ says the scientist as he leaves.

  „Ah, the three „F's“ of life: Forbidden, Fattening or Fatal. - Who cares? Not I.“ says the site manager, as he stuffs a whole doughnut in his mouth, and sips his drink.

  45 minutes later, a 60 ft. WAVE makes land fall, and devastates places in Florida, e.g. Miami, Daytona, New Orleans, then up eastern seabord, incl. Boston, New York, then onto New Foundland, and Canada.

  60 ft. wave, rushes towards New York, and the sound of rushing wind and water, can be heard as famous landmarks are engulfed.

  At The CHURCH OF THE RAPTURE, Great thunderings of water are heard, and they get louder as the water draws nearer, and the parishioners look at each other, squeeze each others hands, hug, cry as their Minister stands with hands up in the air and thunders what he 
considers words of comfort: „Have faith in THE LORD, for we shall not all die,	for some will be changed in the twinkling of an 	eye, while one shall be taken to meet THE LORD in the sky, and the other will not.  The faithful, shall be swept away in THE RAPTURE …“

  The deluge engulfs the Church and all ARE SWEPT AWAY … and the people are left screaming and drowning, as the metro gets flooded, and all kinds of transportation is washed away, and people too.

  The 60 ft. TSUNAMI aproaches the island of HEIMAEY, WESTMANN ISLES, ICELAND where a family is walking on the hill on Heimaey with their 2 year old daughter, when the wave hits, and the TIDAL WAVE engulfs the island and then  CONTINUES TOWARDS VÍK Í MÝRDAL ON THE SOUTH COAST, HÖFN ON THE SOUTH EAST COAST, THEN KEFLAVÍK INTN'L AIRPORT, and all the small villages along the south coast as well as the Reykjanes peninsula, until it finally reaches the islands capital REYKJAVÍK, where it is still powerful enough to cause considerable devastation, as well as in its neighbouring townships of Seltjarnarnes, Kópavogur, Arnarnes, Garðabær, Hafnarfjörður, The Aluminum Plant, in Straumsvík,  and other townships.

CHAPTER 29

USSS HILLENKOETTER
(Solar Warden Space Craft)
Reg. as: Interplanetary Exploration Spacecraft
Commissioned: 1988

  All the diplomats have been evacuated aboard The USSS HILLENKOETTER, an Interplanetary Exploration Spacecraft, presently orbiting the earth and are watching the devastation unfold on television.

  „Mon Dieu! C'est impossible.  How will this end?“ commented Minister Artois.

TRANSLATION: My God! This is impossible.

  The SECDEF whispers into the ear of THE PRESIDENT OF THE USA, who then responds to the comments of The Minister of France: „That is a good question.  Regrettably, no one has claimed responsibility for these atrocities, which makes it very difficult to take any measures.“

  „VERDAMTE SCHEIßE! Do you expect us to believe, that with your 'MACHINE' that spies on your own people, 24/7, that you do not have 'eyes in the sky' and have an idea of what has happened.“ responded Minister Köhler of Germany.

TRANSLATION: DAMNED SHITE!

  „I agree.  This is just another Capitalist ploy, to
introduce THE CAPITALIST NEW WORLD ORDER, which is mentioned in Capitalist programs on HISTORY TWO (H2) which shows all indications at DALLAS airport, with murals, showing total devastation and annihilation of the majority of the world population.“ was the input from President Kuryakin of Russia.

  „PLEASE! I can assure you, this is not the case.“ said the President of the USA.

  „No.  A week ago, the world population, stood at almost 7.5 billion people. After this catastrophe, it stands at less than 6 billion. - And what is it, that your Georgia Guidestones say: “Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature.“ - It seems that this time, THE AMERICANS are trying to be THE MASTER RACE, and control everything; Including procreation.“ responded President Kuryakin vehemently.

  „Oui, oui.“ acknowledged Minister Artois.

TRANSLATION: Yes, yes (Hear, hear).

  Other diplomats murmur in agreement and discontent.

  „That's a lie.“ retorted The President of The USA.

  „Do not THE GEORGIA GUIDESTONES, also say: “Guide reproduciton wisely”? - Who will give this 'guidance'? Eh? The Americans?“ queried The President of Russia firmly.

  „Why would we kill our own people? Hah? Why?“ responded The President of The USA.

  „You did it to cover up ROSWELL; In the interest of National Security, Why not now? It gives you … eh … How do you say it: 'Plausible deniability'; No?“ Was the direct response of The President of Russia.

  „And what was your Secretary of Defence, whispering in your ear a moment ago?“ queried The German Minister.

  „He was informing me, of another problem that faces us. (Pauses) A comet approximately 1 km in diameter, is heading straight for the sun, and will strike the suns surface, in approximately three days, and cause a mass coronal ejection, which will strike the earth around three days later. When it does, it will knock most of our satellites and other space debris out of orbit, rendering them useless, as well as turning them into lethal projectiles.“  responded The President of The USA reluctantly.

  „Merde.“ was the comment of The French Minister.

TRANSLATION: Shit.

  „Scheiße.“ said Minister Köhler.

TRANSLATION: Shit.

  „And you expect us to believe this CRAP?  That we are just supposed to take the word of a Capitalist pig?“ queried President Kuryakin, setting all diplomacy to one side.

  „Well, if you don't believe me, feel free to call your respective space agencies, and get an update.“ said The President of The USA.

PRESIDENT KURYAKIN
  „No need. At 9 o'clock this morning your time, a message was streamed on THE DARK WEB, informing the general public of both the Mega Tsunami, AND this comet that you speak of, which the doomsayers are equating with „абсент“ from THE BIBLE.“ was Kuryakin's response.

  The president of The USA, looks at his advisors in disgust, and then says: „How did THE DARK WEB, get a hold of this information before we did?“

  „No offence, Madam President, but your N.S.A. or  Nincompoops and Stupid Arseholes, could not organise a flea hunt in a kennel full of dogs. - and believe me, your so called 'agencies' are full of them.“ were Kuryakin's comments.

  „Now see here …“ said The SECNAV, who was stopped dead in his tracks, when The President stopped him by raising her hand, and said: „Please. Let him finish.“ full of intrigue.

  „Thank you Madam President.  Ever since Glasnost, Russia has had to find an alternative source of income, so we found it very useful, to utilize INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. Selling other peoples 'secrets' has proven to be a very, shall we say, 'lucrative' business. And your DARK WEB, has been an invaluable 'asset'.“ stated President Kuryakin.

  „Well, since the N.S.A. weren't able to 'plug' the leak of the information to the DARK WEB, they have 'EARNED' your definition of the abbreviation N.S.A.“ conceded The President of The USA.

  „MADAM PRESIDENT!“ exclaimed The SECDEF, shocked by The President's comments.

  „Ah, shut your cake hole, or I'll shut it for you.“ barked The President, causing The SECDEF's and SECNAV's jaws to drop, and the diplomats to snigger.

CHAPTER 30

May 6th 2029

  The comet heads towards sun, and enters its chromosphere and then finally strikes the sun, causing a massive magnetic disturbance, which results in a mass coronal ejection.

  In another part of our solar system, asteroid Apophis, which is 7 stadia in size, is tumbling end over end towards the earth, and before long, the asteroid passes over REYKJAVÍK and the REYKJANES PENINSULA, ICELAND and heads towards the MEDITERRANEAN SEA, where the fiery asteroid crashes into the ocean near ROME, causing a 
huge plume of steam, and water to be thrown into the atmosphere, and a Tidal wave is sent towards all the countries of the MEDITERRANEAN. 

  ROME is hit by an earthquake, and panic grips the people as many of the edifices the have stood the test of time, are laid to waste.

  The final resting place of PETER the 1st opens and the remains fall out, which according to the Predictions of Nostradamus, are to herald the end of The Papacy, and a cardinal comes running towards the Pontiff, and gives him an urgent message: „Santo Padre. La tomba di San Pietro ha aperto ed i resti sono caduti fuori.“

TRANSLATION: Holy father. The grave of Saint Peter has opened and the remains have fallen out.

  „Preparatevi mia automobile. Devo fuggire.“ responds His Holiness The Pope.

TRANSLATION: Get my automobile ready.  I must flee.

  In alignment with the Prophecies of Nostradamus, The Pope flees The Vatican, gets into his car and speeds off. He is received by an angry crowd outside THE VATICAN, as they see their Pontiff deserting them, and they throw all kinds of debris and projectiles at the car as 
it speeds through what is left of ROME, and the TIDAL WAVE makes landfall.

And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea; and the third part of the sea became blood;

  And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.

The Book of Revelations 8:8-9

CHAPTER 31

SDR 1974 TRW ULF MODULATOR EMULATOR

  Off the coast of Heimaey, Westmann Isles, Iceland, the Captain of the Amur Class Submarine Wormwood views Heimaey through his periscope, and after ensuring 'the coast is clear' says:	 
این جزیره را ترک است
نگاهی ما را به سطح

TRANSLATION: The island is deserted. Take us to the surface. 

  The Submarine WORMWOOD, surfaces off the coast of HEIMAEY, and the hatch opens and the crew brings out a Zodiac, and load it up with their equipment to go ashore.

  Within a few minutes, they go ashore, on the NOW deserted island, until they get to what is affectionately known as THE WHITE HOUSE, - A small WHITE shed made of reinforced concrete, where submarine cables like: ICECAN, SCOTICE, FARICE and CANTAT-3 go through; and break into the building.

  As they do so, they are taken by surprise, when a very cold and hungry 2 year old girl, who is wearing what are now tatters, literally stumbles upon them, and sobbing her eyes out says:

„Mamma! Pabbi!  (Pause) Mamma! Pabbi! Hvar eruð þið? Ég er hrædd.“

TRANSLATION: Mummy! Daddy! Mummy! Daddy! Where are you. I'm scared.

  One of the Hacker terrorists sees the girl and points her out to his colleague, who is less than amused, to discover that there is a survivor who has discovered them, as there could be more survivors, and this one could blow the whistle on them, so he says to his colleague:

نگاه یکی از بازماندگان

TRANSLATION: Look! A survivor?

  To which his colleague responds:
تمرکز بر روی باز کردن درب

TRANSLATION: Concentrate on opening the door.

  The man does as he is told, and puts C4 on the door, and gets ready to blow the door, when he hears a gunshot and spins round, only to see the girl on the ground with a bleeding bullet hole in the head.  Then he blows the door and they enter the building.

  Upon entering the building, they are greeted with a vast fibre optic grid, to which the cables are linked.  The men set up their equipment, and proceed to hack into HAARP's computer system, using the program that was downloaded from the Al Jazeera transmission.

  Meanwhile at the HAARP ANTENNA ARRAY
 GAKONA, ALASKA, the night shift are taking it easey. The mainframe hums and the lights on the servers blink, as the computer monitors show the system status.

  One person is sitting on a chair with his feet up,
engrossed in dirty Magazine instead of the monitors. He reaches for his mug and spills it on his private area with the appropriate reaction to spilling a hot drink, oblivious of the men in The White House on Heimaey, who are busy hooking up their computer to start the hack.

به زودی برنامه های ما خواهد تجهیزات خود را برای ایجاد طوفان کامل استفاده و پاک کردن تعداد بیشتری از آنها

TRANSLATION: Soon our program will use their equipment to create 'The Perfect Storm' and wipe more of them out.
به خواست خدا

TRANSLATION: God willing.

  Then the HAARP mainframe responds to the hack, and the lights on the servers flash, and monitors show the antenna array firing up.  The
Men scramble to see what is happening, when one of the operators yells: „We are being hacked.  Shut the system down, and try and trace the signal.“

  His colleagues type frantically as the lights on computer server blink and a monitor flashes the message: INTRUSION ALERT
	
  The hackers on Heimaey, watch their computer monitor which shows a storm forming over the Sargossa Sea, near Bermuda, an area famous for being devoid of wind, and one of the hackers comments:

انجام شده است

TRANSLATION: It is done.

و در حال حاضر ما آنها را از واگرد کار ما را متوقف

TRANSLATION: And now we stop them from 'undoing' our work.


آنها هرگز به ما خواهد گمان به استفاده از زبان برنامه نویسی موازی

TRANSLATION: They will never suspect us to use parallel programming language.

نه می شود آنها گمان ما را به استفاده یک شبیه ساز به تقلید تجهیزات از رده خارج به سرخ آنها

TRANSLATION: Neither will they suspect us to use an 'emulator' to mimic outdated equipment to fry theirs.

نه می شود آنها مقاومت در برابر وسوسه ردیابی که در آن نفوذ است که از

TRANSLATION: Nor will they resist the temptation to trace where the intrusion is coming from.

و زمانی که آنها طعمه را گرفته اند، ما باید فرکانس فوق العاده کم و بم شبیه ساز اجرا

TRANSLATION: And once they have taken the bait, we will implement the SDR TRW Ultra Low Frequency Modulator Emulator.

  Then the pair of them smile and the other says:

و سرخ تجهیزات خود را

TRANSLATION: And fry their equipment.

  And with his finger poised to send a signal to destroy, HAARP's computer system, so they cannot undo their damage, he watches the monitor which reads: OCCAM PARALLEL PROGRAM SDR 1974 TRW ULF MODULATOR EMULATOR READY. With the word 'READY', flashing, and then he depresses the carriage return, and the monitor reads: OCCAM PARALLEL PROGRAM SDR 1974 TRW ULF MODULATOR EMULATOR RECEIVING.
With the word 'RECEIVING', flashing.

  Meanwhile at the HAARP ANTENNA ARRAY
 GAKONA, ALASKA, another operator calls out triumphantly: „Trace in progress.“ but doesn't realize, that this will be their downfall; and feeling very proud of himself, then declares: „Trace complete. It's coming from The Island of HEIMAEY, Westmann Isles, off the south coast of ICELAND.“

  And the hackers in Heimaey, look at their monitor which reads: OCCAM PARALLEL PROGRAM SDR 1974 TRW ULF MODULATOR 
 EMULATOR MADE CONTACT.
With the words 'MADE CONTACT', flashing, and the man operating the computer grins and comments as the emulator gets ready to fry the HAARP computer system:

آنها طعمه و جو در زمان

TRANSLATION: They took the bait.

And then the emulator carries out the final command of the program and the monitor reads: OCCAM PARALLEL PROGRAM SDR 1974 TRW ULF MODULATOR EMULATOR TRANSMITTING. With the word 'TRANSMITTING', flashing.

  In Alaska total chaos reigns and sparks fly as the Computers fry and catch fire, and the men take cover, the fire alarm goes off and the extinguishing system kicks in; Some of the men grab fire extinguishers, and attempt to attack the 
blaze, while others evacutate.  While the hackers on Heimaey gather up their equipment, and make their way back to the Zodiac, get on board, go inside and shut the water tight door.
CHAPTER 32

MAY 8th 2029

  The World leaders on board the USSS Hillenkoetter, are in a videolink conference with a General at a U.S. Tracking Station, and the General comments: „After the devastation caused all over Europe, with the poisoning of the reservoirs and bottled water via a biological agent, as well as the Tidal Wave, and use of CHAMP like missiles, we have decided to prepare ourselves, by setting up, teletypes to keep communication channels open, when the EMP from the mass coronal ejection caused by the comet hits earth, in less than 24h.“

  „I'm glad to hear somebody is using their brain.“
said The US President.

  „Well we learned a valuable lesson from our friends the Russians and those of South America.“

  „How so?“ queried The President of The USA

  „For many years, people made fun of those countries, for still using telex machines, while the rest of the world was using 3rd Generation Telefax machines and e-mail.“

  „And?“

  „And now it appears, that once the satellites have been knocked out of orbit, that it will be the only line of communication left open.“

PRESIDENT KURYAKIN sniggers, and adds: 
  „I am glad to hear, that there are still some capitalists, that are not afraid to eat humble pie, and admit the good things that come from our reluctance to embrace everything that comes from the West.“

  „Forgive me, Mr. President, but the last time I checked, Russia IS or at least WAS, a part of  WESTERN EUROPE.“ responded the General, causing the other diplomats to snigger.

  „A minor technicality. That is only geographical, NOT ideological. Besides, we were the first to put a satellite in space, and cosmonauts like Yuri Gagarin not to mention a female cosmonauts, like Valentina Tsjereskova.“


  While the General and President Kuryakin are busy expelling testosterone comments, The Amur Class Submarine Wormwood, is being prepared for its next task, as its silos are opened and their captain takes his position on the bridge and gives his command:

اکنون راه اندازی کنید کافران خواهد تلخی گناهان خود طعم

TRANSLATION: Launch. Now the infidels will taste the bitterness of their own iniquities.
  The launch button is depressed, and the missiles leave the submarine and fly through the air towards their predesignated targets.

  It is at this point, that the testosterone competition between The General and President Kuryakin, is rudly interrupted by the sound of a  KLAXON in the background.

  „What is that awful racket in the background GENERAL?“ queried The US President.

  „Launch detection off the coast of ICELAND, near the Pillars of Thor, Madam President; I'm afraid, with ICELAND being an ally, AND with The Tsunami's, we let our guard down, as we haven't been able to detect any submarines, due to the hot spots, since La Palma exploded, and we don't have any vessels in the vicinity to do a Bathythermograph, so we incorrectly assumed the subs had been destroyed by the tidal wave.“
Replied the General

  „Obviously not.“ responded President Kuryakin indignantly.

  „Can you tell where the missiles are headed, GENERAL?“ said The US President anxiously, as he was now faced with possibly making an executive decision in front of all the diplomats, and had to save face.

  „I can't give you an exact trajectory yet, but what  I can tell you, is they are all heading for EUROPE. If I had to guess, I'd say NORWAY, RUSSIA and EASTERN EUROPE, but thats just a guess.“

  „I am hereby making an EXECUTIVE DECISION, to go to DEFCON 1, and you have my permission to blow that stupid submarine out of the water.“ commanded The US President.

  „Understood. Last chance anyway, as tomorrow, we won't have any satellites for advanced launch detection or to do weather forecasts.“

  President Kuryakin anxiously interrupts the conversation: „GENERAL, I must insist we cut this communication short, so I can inform MOCKBA, that  I concur with this action, and tell them NOT to launch a counter-attack.“

  „Understood.  We'll keep you informed.“

  „Thank you General. HILLENKOETTER OUT.“ were the US Presidents final words to The General.

  The Wormwood's missiles explode over: The River Glomma in Norway, The Caspian Sea, 
The Black Sea, Lake Geneva, and other major water sources in Europe.

  The General wasted no time in launching a counter attack, against The Wormwood, which was near The Pillars of Thor, and then his monitor showed The WORMWOOD annihialated.
CHAPTER 33

TAKING COVER

  And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;

  And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because tey were made bitter.

The Book of Revelations 8:10-11

  The World leaders are discussing matters, and President Kuryakin says to The US President: 
  „Madam President. I have noticed, that you have not yet given the order, to take the HILLENKOETTER out of orbit, and take it to the dark side of the moon.“

  „May I remind you, Mr. President, that it took the Apollo astronauts, around a week to make that journey, and that we have less than 24h before the EMP hits.“

  „According to 'OFFICIAL' records, this is an INTERPLANETARY EXPLORATION SPACE CRAFT, capable of exploring the GALAXY.“

  „What's your point?“

  „My point is, that such a vessel, would be useless, unless it had, how shall I put it, 'MORE SOPHISTICATED PROPULSION' than the Apollo command modules.“

  „Oh! Really …“ 

  „According to the plans, obtained while this vessel was under construction, we should be able to make the dark side of the moon quite quickly.“

  „I suppose you got 'THAT' information from 'THE DARK WEB' as well.“

  „Don't be so naïve Madam President. You Americans are so predictable. You wear lapel badges of your flag all the time. WE ensured you had as many, as your hearts desired, with built in piezoelectric batteries, to ensure everlasting power, and a miniature camera and theramin microphone and transmitter.“

  „You mean you 'STOLE' the plans???“

  „Please Madam President. 'STOLE', is such a vulgar term. I prefer to say we 'procured' the information in the interest of national security.“

  „Do you now?“ retorted The US President, who was getting very aggitated have matters of national security being divulged like that in front of all the diplomats.

  „It is pointless denying it, and if you think you are going to try and cover up, the existence of The Palace of Cold, and The Lunar Ziggurat, then we already know of it's existence.“

  „I can neither confirm nor deny the existence of The Palace of Cold OR The Lunar Ziggurat.“

  „BUT, I can. You forget, that the CCCP were the first to launch a satellite into orbit, and 
SPUTNIK took pictures of the dark side of the moon, BEFORE you Americans set foot on it.“

  „And you expect people to believe you.“

  „Well you didn't spend 10 years in IRAQ, 'just' helping the Iraqis get 'organised', it was in fact, to get your hands on the 'STARGATE' in their Ziggurat. But you couldn't get it working, and the reason you couldn't get it working, was that the gate in THE LUNAR ZIGGURAT, was shut down shortly after 2309 B.C., as recorded in Chinese historical records.“

  „Alright. You've made your point. Set a course for the dark side of the moon, to protect us from the EMP.“

  After which, the USSS HILLENKOETTER zooms (silently) towards the moon.

CHAPTER 34

May 9th 2029

  An Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP), caused by a mass coronal ejection (MCE) reaches the earth, resulting in satellites and space debris to be  knocked out of orbit, and sent hurtling towards the earth.

  Aircraft crash due to their avionics systems being fried by the EMP, as well as some being hit by the debris entering the earth's atmosphere and also crashing into buildings, like the vehicle assembly building at Kennedy Space Centre, European Space Agency Control Centre and all kinds of vessels and vehicles, as well as Gas tanks, fuel depots and oil refineries in the middle east, causing major fires.

  The Corona Borealis and Corona Australis, are seen at the equator where there is night.

  Life on earth has been thrown back many decades, no satellite communications, NO LAUNCH DETECTION, no weather satellites, fuel and water is being pumped by hand, reducing the capability of the emergency services; Emergency generators for hospitals run at a minimum, and correctional institutions have had to resort to
capital punishment. Sewage and waste disposal of all kinds and recycling is less than desirable.
- Marshal law is now the norm.

  And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given to him to scorch men with fire.

  And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of God, which hath power over these plagues; and they repented not, to give him glory.

The Book of Revelations 16:8-9


***************************


CHAPTER 35

SARGOSSA SEA MAY 17th 2029

  The storm created by the hackers, has turned into a Category 5 hurricane, due to the increased ocean temperature, from the EMP, and the hurricane rips through the Eastern Seaboard of the United States, causing great devastation.
  It then continues, across the Atlantic, annihilating ships that are in its path, that have been unable to receive any warning, as there are no communications, and eventhough there are still some people around, who could transmit in morse code, very few are around, who can understand it.
  The storm continues, towards Europe, where it is ONLY a FORCE 9 storm, but is still capable of wreaking havoc, on the seas as well as on the shores of both island and mainland.
  The meaning of the words of the scriptures, become apparent to those who read them, i.e. woe unto those who live through the time of the great tribulations that precede the second coming of Christ.

CHAPTER 36

CASCADIA  June 17th 2029

   It is June 17th 2029, and The submarines Nephillim and Goliath are off the coast of Cascadia, where the vessels are dropping mines along the fault line off the coast of Cascadia.

  The Missile silos open, and a hand depresses the launch button. Missiles launch from submarines and ROAR as they break the surface, and head towards America.

  Then a hand depresses another button, and the mines explode, resulting in the fault line slipping, causing major earth quakes and another tsunami. The quake travels up the fault line, causing other faults to slip, and all the seismometers go wild.

  A seismologist, who had been reading the sports section of the newspaper puts down his paper, and runs over to the SEISMOMETERS and looks at them.

  „BLOODY HELL! It's the BIG ONE. It's the whole of CASCADIA.“ he shouts out to his colleagues, as the quake hits L.A., SAN FRANCISCO, RENO, Silicon Valley, which are badly hit, even The Hoover dam cracks and causes flooding.  Then HAWAII and THE ALEUTIAN ISLANDS are hit by the tidal wave.

  The TIDAL WAVE heads towards JAPAN, CHINA, HONG KONG, MACAU, AUSTRALIA and all along THE RING OF FIRE.

  EARTHQUAKES TRAVEL ALL ALONG THE FAULT LINES ALONG THE RING OF 
FIRE.

  The missiles that were launched from the submarines, strike every major volcano in the United States e.g.: Mount Baker, Glacier Peak, Mount Rainier, Mount St. Helens, and Mount Adams in Washington State; Mount Hood, Mount Jefferson, Three Sisters, Newberry Volcano, and Crater Lake, in Oregon; and Medicine Lake volcano, Mount Shasta, and Lassen Peak in northern California; and the pièce de résistance: THE SUPER CALDERA YELLOWSTONE PARK.

  A cascade volcanic eruption ensues, and the skies go black.


  And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third partof them were darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.

The Book of Revelations 8:12

CHAPTER 37

SARAH IN HOSPITAL

  „I wish there was something I could do for you.“ said Helen

  „Don't worry, it's not your fault the water I drank was poisonous.“ responded Sarah.

  „It's not fair, that someone like you, who pays tithing and fast offerings, reads the scriptures every day, goes to Church on Sundays, and does everything right, has to suffer, while people like myself, get left behind.“

  „Helen, Christ suffered for all of us, and experienced everything that everyone would go through, in a day.“

  „That doesn't make it right, nor any easier to bear. I should be the one there. Not you.“

  „If you studied the scriptures, it does say, that even the saints will die; They just didn't say how. Besides, it gives you a chance to change.“

  „Change? Huh. It's too late, I'm too old for that.“

  „That's defeatist talk. Your listening to SATAN now.“

  „And what would you have me do.“

  „First of all, accept these scriptures as my gift to you. Second, take these keys to my house. I own it outright, and it's got water and food storage for a year.“

  „But isn't the water contaminated?“

SARAH
  „I made the mistake of buying 	bottled water, on my way to you. The bottled water at home, was bought BEFORE the contamination.“

  „But you might recover.“

SARAH
  „Don't kid yourself, Helen.  The sores are due to a concoction of: enhanced Fer-de-lance snake poison, mixed with other diseases on a molecular genetic level, which means, it is designed to kill Europeans, more efficiently. - Hence no antidote. - But keep that hope and faith in Jesus Christ, and your half way there. Then all you have to do, is get baptised and keep your covenants.“

  SARAH flat lines.

  „SARAH!!! SARAH!!!“

  The nurses come rushing in, and move HELEN to one side, as doctors rush in with a crash cart.

  HELEN bursts into tears as resuscitation attempts fail.
 
  After a few further failed attempts, and after the doctor had called the time of death, he walked over to Helen, and said: „I'm sorry, but we tried everything we could, but it just wasn't enough.“

  Helen burst into tears and clutched the scriptures and keys Sarah gave her.


  And I beheld and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice: „Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!

The Book of Revelations 8:13

  And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain.

  And blasphemed the God of heaven, because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.

The Book of Revelations 16:10-11


CHAPTER 38

YOM KIPPUR 2029

  The Jews have gathered round THE TEMPLE for their celebrations, and at the foot of the stairs leading to TEMPLE MOUNT, are two figures
robed in white.

  Then The Premier of The Caliph of Iran, who is wearing a white turban, addresses the crowd:

بسیاری از مردم در جهان، رنج می برند به دلیل 
بلایای طبیعی که صورت گرفته است حتی فرات خشک شده اما این به هیچ وجه ما را از آمدن به کمک برادران ما یهودیان که به عنوان ما ابراهیم جلوگیری

TRANSLATION: Many people in the world, are suffering due to the natural disasters, which have taken place. Even the river Euphrates has dried up, but this will in no way deter us, from coming to the aid of our brothers the JEWS, which are as we of Abraham.

  A man interprets into Hebrew, after which the crowd cheers.

اورشلیم تبدیل شدن به مرکز دنیای تجارت، و هر کسی با داشتن یک کارت وفاداری قادر به گرفتن درمان ترجیحی خواهد بود

TRANSLATION: Jerusalem, shall become the worlds centre of commerce, and anyone having a Loyalty card, will be able to get preferential treatment.

  Again the man interprets, after which the crowd dances in the street like in the days of KING DAVID.  The people accept bracelets/armbands and headbands with QR codes on, and loyalty cards with bar codes on, that ensures they can receive 'preferential treatment', while the two white robed figures at the bottom of the stairs to
TEMPLE MOUNT, look silently at the crowd in amazement, and then walk away, but they are suddenly stopped by a local, who says to them:

האם אתה לא הולך לקבל כרטיס נאמנות צמיד רצועה ואת סרט 

TRANSLATION: Are you not going to get a loyalty card, bracelet, armband and headband?

  To which they respond:

לא תודה יש ​​לנו מספיק לצרכים שלנו

TRANSLATION: No thank you. We have sufficient for our needs.

  The people look at them as if they are total wierdos, for declining the offer of bracelets and armbands, and headbands with QR codes, and also the loyalty cards, that will ensure 'preferential treatment'.  But the people, have not as deep an understanding of the scriptures, as the special witnesses do, who are following the promptings of the Holy Spirit, and decline the acceptance of these so called 'gifts'.

  And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.

  And I saw three unclean spirits, like frogs, come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.

  For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.

  Behold I come as a thief.  Blessed is he, that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.

  And he gathered them together, into a place called, in the Hebrew tongue, Armageddon.

The Book of Revelations 16:12-16

CHAPTER 39

HARMAGEDDON

  The valley of Meggido a.k.a. Harmeggido in Hebrew and Armageddon in Greek Three and a half years later.  The Muslim Allied Brotherhood of Arabic (Islamic) Ummah (World) States, abbreviated MABUS, march through the VALLEY OF HARMEGGIDO, and take over THE TEMPLE of the JEWS, and place the CRESCENT MOON,
on top of it, much to the Jews chagrin.

  The crowd is understandably upset at the occupation of their holy city, but wait to see what The Caliph's Premier has to say, while at the foot of the stairs to TEMPLE MOUNT, stand the two white robed figures once again, and wait to see what the MAN IN THE WHITE TURBAN, has to say.  Then The Caliph's Premier takes the rostrum and addresses the crowdÞ

به مدت سه سال و شش ماه این مردان این سرزمین راه می رفت

TRANSLATION: For three years and six months these men have walkedthis land.

  And points to the two white robed figures at the foot of the steps leading to TEMPLE MOUNT, while a man interprets into Hebrew as the crowd listens and waits.for the interpretation to conclude.

آن را در همان زمان بود که زمین با خشکسالی آنها به سرزنش ما باید چه کار می زده شد

TRANSLATION: It was at the same time that the land was stricken with the drought.  They are to blame. What should we do?

  The man interprets into Hebrew once again, after which the crowd goes wild, and turns into a mob, and started shouting like their ancestors did when Jesus walked the earth:

לצלוב אותם

TRANSLATION: CRUCIFY THEM!

  The mob attacks the white robed figures, and hits them with sticks, throw stones at them and then tie them up, while they find boards to build crosses, and dig holes to raise the crosses.

  They then take them, and place them face down, with arms stretched out using ropes and place the crosses on top of them.

  Then they take their arms and put them 'over' the cross beams, so the palms of the hands are facing the 'back' of the cross, and use the ropes to secure them, while they ram nails into the back of their hands and secure them with nails through their arms between the ulna and radius. After this, the crosses are turned over, and their feet are nailed to the cross as well, and then raised into the holes that have been dug.

  All this, is done to ensure that they suffer as much as the people have done the last three and a half years, for which they blame the two special witnesses.  The man in the white turban, who is well pleased with having stirred the crowd to anger against the special witnesses, then continues:

اجازه دهید آنها را رنج می برند به همان اندازه که آنها را ساخته اند شما رنج می برند

TRANSLATION: Let them suffer as much as they have made you suffer.

  Man translates into Hebrew, and the crowd throws projectiles etc. at the two robed figures, who die before the sun goes down, and then a  doctor climbs a ladder, and checks their vital signs, and after concluding that they have indeed passed away, he addresses the mob:

הם מתים

TRANSLATION: THEY ARE DEAD!

The mob cheers in a wild frenzy, while in the background, the white robed figures being taken down, and then left in the street for three and a half days, just like had been prophecied by John The Revelator in The Book of Revelations.

از آنجا که آنها مسیحیان آن است که تنها اتصالات که ما باید ارائه دهد مانند مسیحیان انجام

TRANSLATION: Since they were Christians, it is only fitting, that we should give presents like the Christians do.

  A man interprets into Hebrew, after which the mob laughs, and people, Jews and Muslims alike, exchange presents and celebrate, as if 'Christmas' had come early, eventhough they never celebrated Christmas.  The Caliph's premier then addresses the crowd once more:

لذت بردن از جشن برادران و خواهران من

TRANSLATION: Enjoy the festivities my brothers and sisters.

 A man interprets once again into Hebrew, and the mob begins to hug and praise the MAN IN THE WHITE TURBAN.

  Until three and a half days later, after constant celebration the mob watches and trembles, as a large cloud appears in the sky, and from the cloud we hear a thundering voice addressing the two white robed figures: „COME UP HITHER!“ and the two robed figures, which have been lying in the street, all this time, rise from the dead, and  look up and ascend, at which point a MEGA EARTHQUAKE hits JERUSALEM, levelling 10% of the city, and killing 7 000 people.

  The MAN IN THE WHITE TURBAN, looks at the clouds, and the devastation, and with a trembling voice, he utters:

این نمی تواند باشد

SUBTITLES: This can not be


  From somewhere, a shot is heard, and THE MAN IN THE WHITE TURBAN, is found lying on the ground with a bleeding bullet wound in his head, and the mob, look at their: bracelets, armbands, headbands and loyalty cards, and lament the loss of their 'privileged treatment', and that BABYLON HAS FALLEN.

*******************

CHAPTER 40

THE SEVENTH VIAL
 
  The Caliph and his cohorts have made it to a Top Secret underground military installation, of The Muslim Allied Brotherhood of Arabic (Islamic) Ummah (World) States, abbreviated MABUS, to launch a nuclear attack on the infidels.

  A soldier comes running in, and addresses The Caliph:

برتر کشته شده است

TRANSLATION: The Premier has been killed. 

The Caliph, who is dressed in a Blue Turban, shouts his orders:

آماده موشک برای راه اندازی

TRANSLATION: PREPARE THE MISSILES FOR LAUNCHING! 

  The men jump to, and punch a lot of buttons, to carry out his orders.  Considerable amounts of data appears on their consoles, as a red light flashes, upon which a soldier responds:

موشک مسلح و آماده هستند

TRANSLATION: Missiles are armed and ready.
  The Caliph's resolve, now strengthened by the death of his Premier says:

باز کردن سیلوهای

TRANSLATION: Open the silos.

  An the men respond by depressing the relevant buttons and the silos open. After the board shows that the last silo is opened the soldier once again stands at attention and proudly announces: 

سیلوهای باز هستند

TRANSLATION: Silos are open.

  The face of the Anti-Christs becomes evident in the countenance of the MAN IN BLUE TURBAN,
who does not hesitate to issue the  command:

کشتن کفار

TRANSLATION: Kill the infidels.

   The men turn the keys and the missiles  launch, and glide through the air over the earth towards their targets, as the servants of the Dark Lord, wait with baited breath, while the rest of the world goes about its business, oblivious to the impending doom that is about to rain from the sky.

  The first missile, reaches its target, and in total silence there is a big flash.

  And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and there came a great voice out of THE TEMPLE of heaven, from the throne, saying: „It is done“.

The Book of Revelations 16:17


