
The
Mysterious
Woman

by Raymond V. Martin


Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 Raymond V. Martin
Publisher:
Martin Productions & Company
1403 St Gabrielle Lane
Weston, Florida 33326
This book may not be reproduced in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying recording or by any means now known or hereafter invented without written permission of the author or publisher.
ISBN: 13: 978-1483912318
Martin Productions Printing
May 2013
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four


Chapter One
Tom Denver could hardly believe his eyes, he is standing on his three hundred and seventy acres of land, that his great grandfather staked out and settled many years ago, and there he looks down at his two hundred dollar boots and he is standing in pure cow shit. What the hell has gotten into me he thinks, I just must get my mind onto what I should be doing and not thinking of those other thoughts.
Tom Denver is the typical farmer who has through his hard work and diligence to his farm made a great life for himself and his family. Tom, like so many men who are raised into farming families did not marry until he was almost thirty-three years of age, though that is not to say he was shy of the females in the small town of Plantation Mississippi. No Tom was tall, for he was six feet four and weighed in about two hundred pounds, and it was all muscle and sweat, as he used to make a joke of the farmers life, hard work long hours and sweat, especially in the heat of the Mississippi summers, they at times could be brutal, but this is where his life was, and Tom never complained once, he just loved the old southern style of life.
Tom was a young man by the time he was sixteen, he was a junior in High School, the old Plantation High school that was incorporated in year 1926, yes he told people who would listen, the school should have been abandoned a few years ago but even with all the old classes and ancient ways of the southern women who taught there in the same manner they did fifteen years ago, it still was the school for everyone in Plantation. The only thing that kept the people of the town together was the Friday night football games. My goodness how everyone in the town would be talking about it the next two days, whether the team won or lost, it still is the subject of choice either with the men or women, all the same they just loved football.
It was almost inevitable that the football coach Jack Emerson, put his eyes on Tom when he was only a freshman in the school, he was tall, athletic looking and just had the look of a kid who will produce for the team. He scheduled tryouts the next week and just as he thought this kid has great potential, enough he thought to be able to obtain a scholarship to college, maybe one to the state school. That will be a big feather in Jack Emerson’s hat, maybe just maybe it will get him noticed by the colleges. For isn’t that what every coach wants, to be recognized as doing a better job than the next coach, isn’t that why we have playoffs, regional playoffs and finally the Super Bowl?
You don’t have to be a coach in sports, for most humans, male or female, want to be recognized by their peers in some way or manner. So when Tom flourished in football the entire team was astonished, in the way he handled the ball, throwing it, and running for touchdown after touchdown. Tom began to feel he was somebody important not just a poor farm boy struggling with his daily chores, in the blazing afternoon heat after football practice. When the season began for football all the practices for the afternoon classes were called off and switched to early mornings, except for Friday, that was the day of the game and coach wanted them fully rested then.
Tom Denver played his heart out, in every game the team played. He was so happy when he came home after a victory and when they did lose he and the entire team went into a dreary ugly world, where every thing was bad. At the end of the championship game which they lost, he collapsed from heat exhaustion even though the game was played at night. Tom had given his all to the school and to his team-mates, he was hospitalized that night and it was while there in a routine check up, his football career ended when the doctors found Tom had an abnormal heart which would restrict him from playing high school football for Tom at least for another year, and since Tom is a senior, due to graduate that year the thought of college went out the window and Tom felt his life was over.


Chapter Two
Tom quickly came back to reality when he heard his wife calling him, she was a local girl Tom knew almost all his life, and though they were quite involved sexually for many years, the thought of marrying her never entered his mind until Joellen, that was her name, just would not give him what he wanted, he had gotten her almost every Friday night after the game, when all the men were half drunk and fired up with testosterone, thinking they were still kids and were playing football. She told him directly, she loved him very much but until he agreed to marry her, she was twenty-eight now, and her parents were giving her trouble at home, and her girl friends were all married now. Either he marries her or else the “goodies” she gives him every Friday night are over. That was all it took, God almighty she thought I should have listened to my Mom. She always said do not give the male what he wants until you get what you want, it is that way and has been, for all time and for generations to come.
He came back to the problem at hand, his shoes covered with the cow dung, when he heard Joellen call and remembered that her brother and family were coming over for the usual Sunday lunch, which has worked its way to their weekly routine, Tom never liked his brother-in-law he considered him proof of the dangers of inbreeding. That is really cruel thinking that, but I sure know what happens when you breed too closely with cows, they sure look and seem strange to you and you do not need to be a farmer. He heard her call again, all the while he is working on his boots, rubbing hay onto them in a vain attempt to get rid of the poop. He finally has them looking almost new, except the fact in the little ridges where the leather is bound into the sole, there still is remnants of the dung. He has readily scrapped off what he can and still thinking those thoughts again he heads back to the farmhouse. What in the world started up those thoughts he looked back a week or two in his memory banks and still could not come up with one incident that made his return to that day.
It took him five to ten minutes to get back to the house, he noticed that they have gotten a new car, one of those suburban models that will fit all the kids in and Mother can go shopping in for the groceries for the week. Ted shook his head in disgust, this poor guy who hasn’t much of a brain to begin with, is following the good old American way. What a slob, Ted thinks, yet he says to himself how am I any different? I am married to someone who pulled me into marriage, I sure did not want to get there at that moment of my life, she was not pregnant. God they made certain of that, even with him using a condom, most of the time she managed to get him to pull out of her before the big roar came from him, usually they would just laugh at his orgasmic roar, she used to say it sounded like a lion. He spent a little time outside of the house before going in, looking at the car, he was sure everyone in the house will be talking about it when he arrives, so he want to know the make, color and all the rest. Finally he thought he must go in and meet them, have a good dinner that she has fixed as she does almost every Sunday, have too many drinks so the glow of the drink drowns out his own feelings, what are his feelings lately? Tom thinks he is going through a middle age crisis, perhaps that is what it is, but why is it always the thoughts of her?”
It was very clear to Tom now that both of the in-laws are well on their way to a huge drunk, at least he is, she just loved to look good and to flirt with any man who caught her fancy. In fact if you half believed the talk in the local bar, some of our illustrious folks, you know the good people in church every Sunday, well the rumors are they have all tasted the juices of this lovely woman who is sitting next to Tom, laughing aloud well on her way to a drunk.
Even now with the extra drinks in him, he is feeling too randy for the occasion, after all he is sitting in the lounge of his house with his wife and his sister,-in law, who is sitting next to him on the two seater couch, God she has some perfume that is very sexy to him, or is it the fact he has been thinking all the while about her, not the sister-in law whose name is Pamela, but rather of that very woman who is a stranger to him?
The women seem drunk, made some joke and are laughing, no his wife is screaming and laughing, she does that when she is a little high, and she must be by now, she has three bottles of beer lined up before her, while Pamela leaned over to him touching his upper thigh, almost to the spot where his erect penis lay, and she whispered in his ear, all the while laughing, wouldn’t you like to have seen that Tom? Of course he does not know what she is talking about, he has been deep in his inner thoughts, about her. He replied in a low whisper I would have liked to have seen that with you there Pamela, she smiled at that, never mentioned it at all, but he felt her fingers ever so lightly tighten on his thigh, while he adjusted his position so she felt and squeezed his penis, quickly, firmly so there was no doubt in his mind she wanted some more of this playful game. Now what to do, his mind screamed out for a chance to feel her body to taste her juices before the moment passes and she might sober up. He stood up a little bit unsettled and said to all he was going to go for a walk outside to get a fresh bit of air, and look at the new car, he turned and left so he was standing at the car, he could see into the lounge where he had been, saw and was shocked to see Pamela get up and leave the room, but she did not come outside, no she went into the other part of the house where the bedrooms were, what is she crazy he thought, they will get caught there, so he decided to slowly breathe the fresh air and proceed back to the lounge in the house.
He took his spot on the sofa, and poured himself another drink, all the while he noticed the fresh air and the moving around outside diminished his manhood to a normal size. Thank goodness for that as his wife will notice eventually he had an erection and she will want to know why. It is better to keep it away from her now but tonight she will feel it in her as long as the booze does not interfere.


Chapter Three
The meal was finished and the drinking and sexy talk were about finished when Joellen asked as she usually does about this time “does anyone want anything from the kitchen, coffee or desert?” That dummy sitting across from him, never said anything, while Tom said yes I will have some coffee, they waited in silence for the women to come back and serve what they having for desert. Tom could hear the women giggling in the kitchen and laughing about something, when he decided to see what was going on and help them get it all together, so he got up and left that poor excuse of a man with his thoughts. Upon entering the kitchen the women looked at each other, stifling their laugh and asked what do you want Tom? with Pamela breaking out in more laughter. Joellen said I will go out with the coffee and Tom you can help Pamela and she began to laugh. Tom now is feeling very naughty with the sight of Pamela again, God he thought what I want to do with this woman. So Pamela what can I do for you he says, she immediately moves closer to him, too close he thinks and he says to her what were you two girls laughing about Pamela?
She looks up at him, moving ever closer so he now can smell that lovely perfume on her, she smiles and reaches up and slowly ever so slowly kisses his mouth, not with her tongue, and says to him lip to lip I mentioned to Joellen I did not realize what a big man you were Tom, Tom was confused at this point and said what do you mean Pamela? She looked at him and reached down to his penis and felt it again, it was just beginning to get hard and erect, she stepped back and said I told her that and she said I know that for sure, then we began to laugh. Tom was now fully erect and reached out for her and pulled her to him, feeling her breasts, he reaches around her all the while his mouth and tongue are searching for her inner soul. With his hands busy on her buttocks, he reaches deeper into her crevice and is surprised to find she is cleanly shaved, he pushed his two fingers into the outside of her labia, while she moans and is saying no Tom, not now, he thrusts his fingers deeper again and feels the moisture in her, he knows that is from when she was on the couch with him, and that is now when she wants him more. Her hands reach down to his penis and grab it so tightly he is amazed at the strength she has and how very sexually aroused she is, she wants him now.
Then they both heard from the other room what are you guys doing in there, where is the desert? Pamela drops her hold on his penis and steps back from Tom yelling out to Joellen coming dear, looking up at Tom and she winks, says to him maybe later we can meet. They gather up the desert between them and deliver it to the lounge, where the seats they had before are taken by Joellen, for now she is sitting next to Tom so perhaps he thinks she is on to us, well he says it is better to stop now rather than try to finish it off tonight. I will still have Pamela when I want her.
They wound up the family get together after the desert and they got the kids together and said their goodnights. When Pamela said good night to Tom she whispered in his ear “I am so wet, I do not remember ever being this wet before. I will be in touch with you soon,” and left a small kiss on his neck right where the ear is. He finally said to Joellen come on let us go to bed, I am tired honey and Tom led the way to the bedroom and sleep, that wonderful “thing” no one can explain, and everyone needs, he was fast asleep by the time his wife crawled into bed her intentions then were for sleep nothing more. However she made the mistake of pushing into him with her ass, and that arose Tom again and before she knew it Tom was doing to her things he hadn’t done to her since high school, she wondered the next morning if he remembered doing it and who was he doing it to.


Chapter Four
It is so very strange Tom was thinking that almost every time he goes out and gets blasted with drinking, he has this strange feeling as if a cloud comes over him, the one with the feeling that someone is waiting for him or looking for him, this cloud is a female that is all he knows and she is coming more and more to him, even when he is stone sober, and not been drinking at all. He is beginning to think that perhaps, this is something all men at this stage of their life begin to drift off mentally he thought it was referred to as “day dreaming” maybe that is what it is.
Joellen woke the next morning with a huge headache, throbbing with her every movement, she still has to take care of the house and the children, what a mess they will leave if no one is around to watch them. She lifted her head from the pillow to see where Tom is and there is no one in the bed next to her, she moves some more and feels the hurt in her pelvic region, then it comes to her what a wild man Tom was last night. Boy that hasn’t happened now for many years, he was a raging bull, so much so she had forgotten how good sex was with him. All she knows she will have to tell Pamela how worked up he had gotten last night, she was very sure it was because of Pamela anyway she must thank her, and tell her how deep he went into her repeatedly. It was sure joy but today she is sore and hurting.
Tom and Joellen have a “modern marriage” in this town they are married to all concerned, or seem to be married, seem to be happy at all the town’s functions. They participate within the church most of the time, but underneath it all they have an agreement, reached long ago, to be as faithful as they can be to each other, however when either one of them want to try out another person, they can. The main thing about all of this is they are not to tell or speak of the affair to anyone, especially to each other. In the long run this has worked quite well for them, with Joellen taking the lead in the marital dalliance taking to bed one of the workers Tom had hired a few years ago. This was about two weeks after they had made the “promise” is what they called it, Joellen had her eyes on this man the moment he was hired, she gave him a good taste of what a lonely farmers spouse can do in the bed as well as in the kitchen actually she was after him all the time while Tom could not figure out why this guy never finished the chores he was given, not knowing he was giving it all to her. After all Tom remembers it was he who was pushed into marriage after that it is both of their faults, equally to be blamed.


Chapter Five
It was a typical summer day, hot humid and overcast, the kind where Tom would have much preferred to be sitting inside, drinking a cold beer or better still in the bar down by the river, that way he can sit in quiet and think about her, the woman he keeps thinking about. God Almighty he thinks what is the matter with me? If he sat in the house to drink there will be no peace and absolutely no quiet, no, he will go to the bar tonight down by the river, that is that and he will tell Joellen just that, she probably has something to do anyway. It will be with that sister of hers Pamela, the little whore, who he wanted so badly last night. He kept on working and plowing the fields, the weather is just right for that now and the crop if he finished it by tomorrow will be full grown in a few weeks ready for sale in the marketplace.
However the crop is furthest from his mind, no he has to find out where did he meet this stranger, this woman who he cannot even describe but he is sure hung up on her, from the moment he gets up in he morning until he drops dead at night into his bed, it is all about who is she and why is she haunting his mind? He has not mentioned this to anyone, they will think he is crazy to be thinking of a woman he never met and cannot grasp what she might look like, really it is unbelievable Tom says to himself, and yet Tom still thinks of her as if he knows her or better still knew her at one time in his life. Tom was a real good young man while in High school, until he found out about his heart problem, and he did not take that well at all, he began to become angry, I guess the anger was at himself, for not being the “perfect little son” his mother wanted him to be. Then he became a problem in the town, getting drunk and fighting with almost anyone, and since he was big and strong, most of the time Tom was the winner of the fight but a loser in the eyes of the towns people. Tom became very friendly with the Sheriff during this time, he was in the jail for drunkenness more than the was at home.
Sheriff Thompson was an old timer in the enforcement business, he had served the people of Plantation for almost thirty years now and was always deeply hurt when he saw the like of Tom, drunk to the point where he did not know where he was, and always asking where he is and where he was, where did she go? It was sure strange to see him that way so very confused and out of it. The Sheriff after hearing him rave on about crazy things, thought he should go and see his mother now and speak to her about Tom getting some doctor look at him and talk to her about what has been going on.
He resolved to do just that the very next time Tom shows up in his jail, he felt justified in doing this, he feels like a father to him, since his father ran off and left Tom and his mother to fend for themselves. That was the very good intentions of Sheriff Thompson, but it was shortly after that, two months or so that the poor old Sheriff was found one day in his car, he had been badly beaten to death with his own gun, and his genitals were cut off, this poor old man everyone said how could someone do this to him? The truth of the matter was the beating was so fierce the gun barrel was broken from hitting the skull so many times, and what the devil was the point of the mutilating of the genitals? This murder of the Sheriff was done as much as anyone can say probably two nights ago the acting Sheriff Jack Carson really did not have much experience in matters of this so he asked for help from the next township. The patrol cars entered Plantation with the sirens blazing, as if to tell all in this town, we are here now take notice. The flagship of the officers union led by detective sergeant Frank Connors who was trained in the FBI course in Washington D.C. and is one of the brightest upcoming officers in all of Mississippi. He is determined to show these local people here in Plantation exactly how fast a crime like this which is against the very fabric of society, that our police, will solve with the modern ways of criminology. However the detective does not have a clue about this case which will confuse and baffle him this year.
Tom is awakened by Joellen around eleven in the morning, honestly she thinks he is staying out increasingly each weekend, what is he up to she thought, he is getting harder and harder to do the chores around here with all his damn headaches. Some of them appear without his drinking, that is strange she thought, perhaps she will suggest, he go to the doctor, and that is the word, for if she says otherwise he will not want to go, make it a suggestion and it may work. He is up now and out in the fields working finally, he should have been out in the morning rather than the afternoon, Yes, in his mind what is good for the goose is not good for the gander, no matter the agreement he has with Joellen. He is more than ever determined to act out this strange unholy agreement he has with her, and at the moment his passions are all pointing to Pamela, Joellen’s sister. Sometime in the next few weeks he expects to execute the actual act with Pamela.


Chapter Six
Frank Connors was the epitome of a town Sheriff, well built, tough looking and someone who you will not talk back to under pain of having to listen to Frank go on and on, the subject did not matter, he just loved to hear himself talk, and talk tough. He just loves the part he is playing, the southern bigoted sheriff who hates when he wants, hates who he wants, and shows love to all who love him. That tells a person who our new Sheriff is and what we can expect of him. He also is a man of action, he brought his right hand man from the Township, and instructed him and two others to gather all the paper work inside of the office, begin to fix the files according to FBI rules so he will be able to know what as been going on in this town. “Without organization there is chaos,” Frank remembers that saying from his course, how true it is in all occupations.
The autopsy of the Sheriff was released to him last evening, right before he said good night to everyone, he headed back to the small room he was given by the local town fathers, took a shower, it is Mississippi and not the driest part of America, and opened the autopsy report. He sat there in a small chair with the dim light from a forty watt bulb shining on the report and he cannot believe his eyes, what the results are saying. He picked up the phone, dialed the doctor who performed the autopsy and asked him to please come over to his room, the answer was brief, curt, and negative, “Hell no sheriff I just got home and want a good meal and some television before I go to bed. I will see you tomorrow in your office at nine o; clock,” and he hung up on the Sheriff. Holding the phone in mid air, listening to the buzz from the phone, Frank felt very stupid, he realizes now the man put in a full days work, it probably was the first real day of work he did this year, so he needs his sleep, Frank smiled at the small town way of thinking that pervades this town.
He sat back on the bed, adjusted the light, lit a cigarette, and opened the four page report to read it. The first page was the usual fill in legal forms so necessary for the paper to get to the right department and entered into the main computers for the state. This information is used to announce to all the fact he is dead, and all money due him from the state and/or federal government is to be stopped by the date of his death. All this is necessary and important. It was on the second and third pages that got his attention, in the middle of the page in the center of the second paragraph, there is was, sticking out as if it was in bold print, no it wasn’t but it might have been so. The autopsy clearly showed the mutilation of his groin, was just that, his penis and scrotum were cut off at the attachment to his body, neatly and almost surgically, and then this mad man took the time to slice his penis into pieces, and cut and separated the two sacks of his scrotum. after which he then opened up his chest cavity and stuffed those pieces into his chest. No one who saw the scene of the murder ever saw this, since the good old Sheriff was still in his heavy uniform buttoned up. The only physical signs were his head which was bashed in and the blood that was centered in his groin area. After reading the nightmarish rendering of the doctors’s he decided to get some sleep.


Chapter Seven
The next day was a dreary rainy overcast one, a day that starts out like this one is not very good for farming or rather anything else. Tom thought, as he stood on the wide outside porch he looked out at the fields that must be plowed soon, he had intended it for today, but as of today it is raining too hard to do that. Tom stretched his arms decided to go back into the farmhouse into the kitchen and pour himself another cup of coffee, relax and wait till it finally stops raining, see what damage has been done to the fields and make his decision then. Joellen came into the kitchen as he sat with his cup of coffee she placed a soft hand on his shoulders and said, (Tom was waiting for her to voice her opinion) “don’t you think Tom you might get up and fix the barn doors, they are still broken from last month when you were going to do it,” he smiled and thought there must be something in the female genes that make them always, and I mean always, try to nag their husbands. Every man he knows will say the same thing, but not in front of their spouses, no the male becomes almost as if they have had lost their balls after marriage. They are afraid of the females, why he doesn’t know, it must have something to do with the fact there is always the moment when she will not have sex (headache) but really it will be because she did not get what she wanted.
Tom sat there listening to her go on and go on incessantly about those lousy barn doors, Jeez he thought I almost wish she would choke on those words, on and on she goes. He finally can take no more of it and got up and went out to his truck and headed off to nowhere in particular, just to get away from the “mouth.” He laughed out loud, in the truck all by himself, it was downright funny, she was probably still going on about the damn barn doors and did not notice he left. What a life he thought I sure have screwed myself up, all for the joy of being able to fuck her whenever I wanted, but I had to marry her. What a bitch he thinks now and why did he do it? He knows deep down he did it for the right reason, he did love her in his juvenile way, as most men do, it is the sex he was after so when she threatened to hold off on it until marriage, he thought he had no other choice. Little did he know there were plenty of girls who were preparing the same trap for the same group of males. His father used to say there is nothing new in the world today, everything is repeated at one time or the other.
He woke up to the fact he was now in town, there were some trucks outside of the local bar on main street, it is called Last Chance Bar, Tom always got a kick out of that, he headed into the parking space for the bar and got out of his truck, locked it and went in to the local watering hole, once inside he could see there were many people already started on the evening drinks. It is an amazing human trait, you may be at the edge of a serious debt problem, but somehow, someway you are able to find the money for booze. Sure enough in looking around at the bar and the adjoining tables were an awful lot of fellow neighbors, drinking and swearing away, with the money in their pockets that belonged to someone else. he went up to the bar and said hello to the barman, Billy Bob Johnson, a man with three names, a tall frail looking guy, obviously ill suited where he was standing, but that is where fate, once again Tom thought, fate puts you where you least expect it. Why would a fellow like Billy as shy as he is and really so unkempt looking would he expose himself to all who come in for a drink? He would rather be at home Tom imagined in the solitude of a room, reading or listening to the radio, rather than having to listen to all the bullshit that is thrown around each day or night at the bar. Yes, Fate is what does it to a man, the grinding down of a soul.
It looks as if this is going to be one hell of a night, the boys are here, the laughing and cheering are enough to bring the house down as they say, and Tom is now working on his third beer, which is starting to make him feel high, it does not take him long to feel high and act stupid and drunk. He is standing there in the bar up against the bar and the back wall so no one is behind him, talking to three other farmers when that old feeling comes over him, he seems to feel that he has become separated from them and himself too, what is happening he says to himself, all the while he realizes he is still talking with the three of them, he then realizes he is floating over them looking down on the four of the farmers and himself, what the hell is going on? The talk goes on and on with Tom seeming to be above it all, and then he sees her, this lovely mysterious female who has been interrupting his life, but she is almost invisible and hovering above the whole crowd in the bar. She seems to Tom, to be smiling at him, he has lost all interest in what is being said by the others, he stares into space, sees her smile and smiles back at her, only to see her go to the other side of the bar, he quickly follows, not physically but as a spirit, how can this be?


Chapter Eight
He is being slapped and yelled at, “Tom wake up what happened to you?” He slowly opened his eyes to see the faces of the guys he was talking to just a few minutes ago, they all seemed upset and were yelling at him, wake up what is the matter? Tom realizes now he is sitting on the floor of the bar, not a place he ever visits he thinks, and tries to stand up only to find he is unstable on his feet, George Flemings holds his arms and pulls him up to sit on the bar stool, for Tom was standing in the corner and not sitting as the others were. They got him a glass of water, not beer, and asked him repeatedly, are you okay now buddy, it must have been something you ate, or drank one of them said, and they all chuckled a bit at that for they knew Tom was not much of a drinker.
Finally Tom asked George who was sitting next to him, what happened, I do not remember a damn thing George, until I heard all of you slapping at me and lifting me onto the bar stool. I really do not know what happened to you Tom, have you seen a doctor recently, maybe you need a check up, and by they way who is this woman you were mumbling about, is it someone you know or are you fooling around Tom, but that is said in jest, though Tom is taken by surprise, that he was talking to a woman who he does not know. He stops to think is it the woman he saw today? Who is it and is he really in need of medical help? Tom did not have anymore beer to drink rather he sipped the glass of water they gave him and listened to the batter of voices in the bar, not making any sense of it at all.
What was the feeling while he was “away” from what was going on, that is it, he thought, he was “away” not really where his physical presence was but rather looking at this mysterious floating, and not really floating, no she was there, and so was he, but it seemed as if they were both in another realm of the bar? God he must be working too hard or too much, this is getting scary he tells himself, and what was it that she was trying to tell him, she definitely was trying to tell him something, as if to talk with him was purely natural, what the hell is he thinking how can this apparition be talking to him and why? There seems to be more questions than answers, so Tom decides to go back to his house, where his family is and he decides to have a rest and think this over before he does anything about it.The ride home is slow, he makes sure that it is so, no sooner does he reach the main road Tom decides to take the backroad home, it is much safer and slower, he will always remember taking this back road with Joellen when they were going to make love, oh those were the days he smiles at the good feelings he and Joellen had those many times when he screwed her and she would have orgasms repeatedly. Just thinking about those nights he begins to stir those old feelings back up and the thought of her sister Pamela the other night, well now he is thinking maybe he should seek her out. She did indicate she wanted him, and there up ahead is her car just going as slow as she can, he comes up to it and sees she is crying her eyes out, she sees him and waves as he does and he carefully pulls his car to the side of the road, ahead of hers, he stops, gets out and goes back to her and says what is the matter Pamela? She rolls down the window, it is very obvious she has been crying for some time, her brown eyes are all swollen, the makeup has run down on her cheeks and she is a big mess. She says Tom I am so upset, you of all people should see me this way, I am sorry, I did not want you to stop, I just waved to you as a friend, you are my friend Tom aren’t you? Again with the questions, how many has he been asked?


Chapter Nine
Tom moved over to the passenger side of the car opened it and slid in next to her, she immediately leaned over and slumped into his strong arms, he wrapped his arms around her and she began her sobbing, he kissed her forehead to try to soothe her. They stayed that way for almost one half hour all the while she slowly ended the tears and sat up and said to Tom I am so sorry to have you see me this way Tom, I apologize, I am so sorry. Tom said to her there is nothing to apologize about I am always here for you. Pamela has settled down and she is still holding onto Tom with her arms now around his body, she looks up at him and with a very cute smile asks when am I going to see you Tom, he looks puzzled and says Pamela are you nuts, I am seeing you now, she nudges into him and says no Tom I want to continue with you where we left off at the party three weeks ago. He is astonished at her remarks, here she is crying her eyes off one minute and the next she is looking to get laid, quite a girl, well he says I will be more than happy to oblige you my dear woman some other time and most definitely some other place.
Now Pamela what has happened to you that you are in such a state of mind? You, who every one looks to you whenever there is a problem, you who always has answers to the problems that my wife Joellen comes to you whether it is a marital problem or financial or whatever you girls can find to stew about, Pamela you are the rock that she depends upon, so what is making you cry? I really want to know, tell me he says in a stronger voice, all the while he is holding her close but not too close so she does not think he is coming on to her, though he sure could, she is a great handful of a female that seems to be ready at any time for a good lay. She looks up at him and gently, oh so gently reaches up with her hand, just the one hand, and strokes his cheek, his forehead and his lips. Tom, Tom she keeps repeating I am in such big trouble you will never believe it, and I do not know what to do about it. He says to her Pamela whatever it is don’t you know we will all get behind you and help in anyway we can? You are a wonderful woman and a good mother, so you have all these people behind you, he deliberately did not include the name of that idiot husband of hers, he really was useless. He and Joellen use to joke about him that he must have a huge cock to keep Pamela happy on the long nights, but later she told him that was not the case actually in fact he would rather watch porno movies by himself than take his wife to bed. Tom at this point is thinking the trouble Pamela is in has something to do with her husband.
He came right out again and said to her I promise Pamela I will not tell anyone, not even my wife, I just want, no I need to help you, I really find you both attractive, and quite sexual, and you are my family too, please tell me. That perked up her face and mind, the word he has mentioned as being sexual, do you really think so Tom, as she slid the hand that was touching his face down onto his lap, exactly where his penis lay and it was stirring with the warmth of this female body next to him. He said no, please let me hear what is bothering you Pam, it was the first time he used the shortened use of her name, it was a sign of some intimacy that was growing between them, her hand was stroking his penis, gently, slowly from the bottom of the penis to the tip, he was growing so large he thought it will burst. it was as hard as he can ever remember. She smiled at what she has done, and ever so quickly unzipped his pants to reveal the throbbing male organ, holding it she says to Tom what do you want first Tom, my story or a blow job, or do you want to talk some more?


Chapter Ten
There was no decision for Tom to make as her lips encircled his huge penis and began to make the sucking and swallowing movements she knew how to do so well. Tom started to moan and move in his seat to match her up and down movements, when he suddenly stopped her and pulled her head and mouth off his penis and up to his face. He kissed her hard and with a great deal of sexual want, then released her and said God almighty woman what do you think I am, you are a woman I want and need badly, but not here, I want to know why you have been crying and let us not get too tangled up now with this, you are unhappy and need help, let us do this other when and where we might be comfortable. Okay she said but looked very unhappy, she said you promise Tom, I do want you too.
When she had finished her story he sat there in the car in disbelief, the tale she told was almost to the point of having been made up, how the devil she could make up this story, no it must be true and yes he can see why this woman is so upset and crying. How can he help, at this point he cannot even come up with a plausible answer, one that will make sense to the people involved. Tom reaches over to her and says reassuringly do not worry anymore honey, again it was a sign of his becoming more familiar with her, let me think about this for a day or two and I will get back to you perhaps next weekend at your house, they always alternated houses, it is your turn he said, she nodded and kissed him warmly, telling him thank you so much Tom, and then her soft, sweet tongue entered his mouth and he was sent into heaven, embracing her breasts, they are firmer than Joellen’s and larger, he much prefers her tongue and breasts and what waits him between her legs, which are now parting and moving her whole pelvis in the familiar surging way females do when they want it in them. God she whispers I want you in me Tom, I am so wet, here feel me, she grabbed his arm and thrust it between her legs and his fingers groped into her as she gasped and moved up and down three times and she had an orgasm with his fingers in her. Tom felt her contractions and the wet moist inner vagina wall provided more moisture all over his hand. Tom looked at her and said Pam that is a first for me, she laughed and said “I am so embarrassed but it is a first for me too Tom.”
Tom said let us break for now Pam when I see you next weekend I may have some ideas on what we can do about this problem you find yourself in, in the meantime you think also what you can do to rectify the whole situation, in that way between the two of us a clearer ending might be available. He leaned over and kissed her, she was again on the merge of tears and held onto him in a desperate hold. He pulled away from her and told her be brave and stop the crying, everyone at home will notice it when you get there, so stop now and wait and see until this weekend. Tom opened the door of her car and got out and said goodbye to her, headed back to his car, lit a cigarette got into his car and sat there for a few minutes until he saw her drive off, wow he thought what a crazy dame, she sure has a potful of shit to clear up, and there seems to be no way to do it unless she takes it upon herself ........Oh my God there is that feeling again it begins to engulf him, the strange floating female cloud he seems to feel but only today he saw what he thought was a female, in black looking at the men in the bar with him, it is so very scary, he does not like this at all. He started up the car with the hope that if he does something other than go with this strange feeling and what the hell is it, he keeps thinking it as a cloud, but that cannot be, where does the female come in? He drove a few hundred feet, at least that is what he thought when not twenty feet ahead of him stood this black shape of a woman, there is no cloud around her at all, she seems to be talking to him, but he cannot hear anything at all, he shuts off the motor of the car, and gets out to approach her. She is dressed in a long flowing black gown that completely covers her body, though when he looks again and gets closer, the front of the apparel is open slightly exposing her breasts, though it does not seem to bother her at doing so. Tom by now is standing ten feet from her and she is telling him to take care of the Sheriff problem, but it is not too clear so he moves forward and in an instant the woman disappears. He is jolted with this, how can someone be talking to me and then just vanish, or was there anyone there at all, is it just Tom? He very hurriedly turned around went back to his car, started the motor and continued back to his home, and to Joellen and whatever awaited him. He was only ten minutes from his house, he made certain all his clothes were arranged properly, he did not have any smudges on his face, lips cheeks etc., he even checked the front of his pants to make sure no lipstick was on them from Pamela giving him some oral satisfaction. He was ready to meet with Joellen and to his surprise she met him at the door, asking what is wrong with him, he better go to the doctor for a checkup actually she seemed to be concerned with the news of his falling in the bar, the news in this town sure moves like lightening he thought. He tried to calm her down but as usual she went on and on about his not taking care of himself properly, until he agreed she can make the appointment for him as soon as possible just to have her shut up. Isn’t that the way it goes in most marriages? Of course it is, it is just the nature of the beast. He went up to their bedroom and promptly fell asleep, even though he did not have any food, it did not matter to him, he needed some rest and some thoughts on the woman in black that keeps appearing to him, now it is with some regularity. It is dark in his room when he wakes up, though he is still in that semi sleep one attains when you are still sleeping, but you are aware of stirring around you, he opens his eyes and sees Joellen standing over him, she is naked, which is really unusual he hasn’t seen her that way since their honeymoon and even then it was in a fleeting glance, you know you see it but then you don’t, so he closes his eyes to go back to sleep when he feels the weight of her body getting into bed beside him, she moves closer and closer to him with her naked body until she finds that he is fully clothed, after much fooling around looking for his penis, she pulls it out and while he is pretending to sleep she proceeds to devour it as never before. He awakens after his orgasm, turns to her and says what brought that on, Joellen laughs and says I thought you might need that. Tom asks her does she need anything he can supply even though his organ was diminished perhaps he indicates he will give her oral sex too, his mouth on her love canal, but Joellen says no she is happy knowing she satisfied her man.


Chapter Eleven
Nothing was said the next day about anything, Joellen never mentioned he see a doctor, or his need for sex last night, even though he is always “too tired” for her lately. Tom on the other hand is giving serious thought to getting an appointment with his doctor he can not remember his name. actually Tom like most males is not one to see any physician just for the sake of seeing him. No, true to the male psych, he is above all ailments, he is strong, brave and a would be warrior, what a lot of crap goes on in the males mind he thinks. he waited as long as he can and finally asks Joellen to call the doctor, just in case there is something wrong, but he doesn’t think so, Joellen smiles softly to herself, and says I just knew you wouldn’t last the day Tom before you ask me to call.
Well I will Tom, only because I do think there is something bothering you and perhaps the doctor can help, or give you some pills to fix you up. He relaxed that day, never going out of the house, he was always on guard now that maybe the cloud will appear once more, he is getting afraid of it, naturally none of this makes sense. He is so relaxed lying on the bed he falls asleep, the soft movement in his room awakens Tom and he looks through sleepy eyes at Joellen standing there watching him, he opens his eyes fully and asks her what is the matter, she bends down to kiss him on the forehead and tells him go to rest Tom, I just wanted to see if you are okay.
Tom turns over in the bed and knowing she is around to help him if he needs it, he falls deep into a sleep that has been brought about by his risky behavior, and his going “away” as he so aptly put it, yes he does go “away” from what is going on in that moment, he is not there in the moment but in a cloud is how he remembers it. His sleep is being disturbed with the thoughts of his sister-in law, Pamela, what is he doing with her, is he crazy, she has the same female parts as his wife, only a little larger and he hasn’t tried it out yet, maybe that is it, once he gets to try it out he will forget about it. He is awake after two hours sleep, which is pretty long considering he is a farmer, they very rarely get a good nights sleep especially in the season for planting. He gets up and goes into the kitchen looking for some coffee, Joellen always keeps a pot of coffee on the burner, he pours himself one fills the cup to the brim with a creamer of sort and sits down to think of the past day when he notices the house is empty, she is gone along with the children. Well she probably went to town to shop for food or went over to one of the neighbors house for a talk and gossip.
Tom felt fully relaxed now with the coffee in his hand and the memories of both sisters giving him oral sex, man they both were good in their fashion, but he gave the nod to Joellen his wife, naturally she as been sucking on his penis a lot longer than Pamela. Tom felt at this stage of the game it will get very awkward when one of them finds out what has been going on, even though he and Joellen have this truce of sorts, it will be a storm of fights when this is discovered. He was sitting in the kitchen very quiet when the “feeling” came upon him once more, this time there is no sign of the lady in black, no this time he seems to be surrounded by the cloud, it is just enveloping him, there is no taste or smell to it, only the slight feel of a cool moisture, one could expect that from mist or fog he thought. He is sitting straight up in the chair, looking around at the mist as if he is fully aware of the events and knows why and where it appears to him. No Tom you do not have a clue to it at all and when you do you will be ashamed of your thoughts, he realizes now he is talking to himself. Wow he thinks perhaps a visit to the physician is warranted, I wonder if Joellen remembered to call for an appointment, isn’t it strange he thought that most males when they marry are able to do many things, like making a phone call, but then they marry they become as if they are helpless, or is it hopeless the wife must do it all for him. Maybe that is good or maybe it is not, Tom must bring that up to the doctor when he gets to see him.
It is a few minutes after this episode when into the house comes Joellen and Pamela, they are obviously in a good mood and giggling as they walk in to the kitchen where he sits. He sits there as if he is the king, looking at his female slaves with a big grin on his face, so much so that Joellen looks around and says to him what the hell are you grinning about Tom, and how are you feeling now? In almost the same breath she turns to her sister and says Tom has been not feeling well lately, has anyone in your house getting sick? Pamela looks straight at Tom, and says well he does look a little tired today, but I haven’t seen him since last weekend remember and maybe you were too drunk to remember honey but I do know Tom looked awfully good to me that night, and she laughed a low guttural laugh and winked at Joellen and they both broke out in their little secret, Tom at this point is very confused, what the hell are these two finding so funny? Joellen finally turned to him and said with a knowing smile you sure were worked up last weekend when Pamela was here, don’t you think so Tom, I know I sure was sore after the way you took me that night. Pamela meanwhile is listening to this, and Tom is beginning to think the two of them have been discussing his penis and lovemaking. He did not say anything to Joellen but told her that night when they were alone he doesn’t appreciate the fact he is being discussed with her sister, if she has any complaints, tell him now and he will rectify it, in the meantime just be quiet. Joellen took that sort of criticism from him as a wounded male they did not want anything to come up to threaten their machismo. She just shook her head, as if to say I thought you will feel that way old man, oops she better not say that to him, lately he seems to be distracted and gets upset rapidly and then settles down real fast. Tom is making her very nervous lately, with his drinking and always putting off the work that has to be done on the farm, it is so unlike him to put off what he knows has to be done.
She casually mentioned to Tom before they fell asleep she made an appointment for him to see the local physician in town Lucas Maywood a nice new man he has been in town about three years now having graduated from Lafayette Medical School.


Chapter Eleven
The next morning they awoke early, obviously well rested, Joellen was in the shower before he got out of bed, and while he took his time, he was always slower than she in morning, she was dressed and down stairs making the breakfast for Tom and the children when Tom came into the kitchen from behind her and grabbed her well developed buttocks in a playful way and reached around her and kissed her neck. She gave out a mock yell of surprise, but turned around to him and with a straight face said “oh I thought you were someone else.” He too laughed and hugged her saying while he did “Joellen you got me good “I will get you good tonight.” She looks at him and whispers I hope you do.
He has his morning coffee and a slice of whole wheat bread, toasted of course, with just a hint of butter on it, Joellen is on a kick of good health now, once or twice a month she goes on one fad or another, Tom has told her he can’t wait for the steak and ice cream fad when she comes up with that one he will volunteer for it in a second. Joellen mentions to him about his appointment for Saturday, asking him did he remember she told him last evening, he responded yeah I remember it will be good to get a checkup it has been so long since I have had one. Goodness she replies I do not know how long it has been Tom but I bet you it has been five years or even more, I think you went to old Doc Morgan before he retired, and it has been more than that now, anyway you are going and that is a very good thing. You know the cardiologist suggested you see him every five months and that was fifteen years ago, honestly I do not know what is wrong with the males in this world. He looked long and hard at her and replied, while walking out the door, “you do not know what is wrong with the males, well I will tell you Joellen it is the females of this earth” and he slammed the door as he left. He walked out of the house and headed to the field he was working on two days ago, gosh almighty he says to himself I better either get some help in here for this field or better do it myself and pretty soon, or I will not have crops at all. Why is it taking so long to get it done he asks himself, only to know the answer, it is her, the woman who is keeping him occupied mentally and slowly occupying his thoughts each day, look at it now she is to blame for this too.
The work in the field was now behind two days and it is starting to show the spots in the fields need attention, weeds are getting as large as they have ever been, Tom is standing there in the midst of his land yes he thinks this is all his except for the hundred of thousands the bank holds paper on, he could be a wealthy man if he ever put his attention to the work, his father always preached work to him and where did it get him? six feet in the earth, that owned him. Tom is getting more and more involved in the workings of women, he is obsessed with the female mind and body, perhaps he thinks he is going through the male mid age crisis, he has read about the female one, but up to now Joellen seems to have some time to reach that well anyway Tom says to himself as long as I can get Joellen to give me her sweet smelling pussy and she sure does like to swallow my penis, I can stay a happy man, and not go around after that Pamela who knows she might have a disease or something. It is mid day now and Tom is sweating like he never has, the temperature hovers around ninety seven and the sun beats down on his head, he stupidly left the house this morning with out his favorite hat, the kind that covers the entire face and neck, with the widest of a brim.
He decides that enough of this heat is too much so he jumps down from the huge tractor he has been working with and begins to head back for lunch and maybe just maybe a cool beer, though Joellen does not like him to drink when he is out on the farm with that dangerous equipment. Joellen is the very epitome of wife, cautious and loving, at times he feels she is too good for him, though that feeling does not last too long. As Tom finishes that thought he has a rush of that certain feeling come over him, the cloud or mist or whatever it is here now, just as quickly as that, he has only taken four steps from his last thoughts of Joellen and he is being surrounded by the cloud, he stands in the fields wondering what to do next, and what to expect, where is the woman, she is not here, he looks around in circles for her and then he notices he is having a headache, just like the other times, only he usually sees her before the headache. He is feeling very weak this time, so much so that his legs seem to be made of soft putty, you know the stuff kids play with, he is down on his knees now with the headache, and the misty cloud around him. Tom is truly scared at this moment, realizing that he cannot even see the house, the cloud has become so encompassing he cannot see through it. He tries to get up, back on his feet, but he is too weak and disoriented, what has happened this time what is the matter with him?
The cloud is getting colder now and Tom has finally made it to his feet, though he is still unsure of the steps he must take to get to the house. He peers through the mist, and can see the house is about fifty yards or so away from him, perhaps he should try to call out to Joellen to come and see what has happened to him, yes that is what he does, and at the top of his voice yells and screams out to Joellen to come help him. After the third scream he sees Joellen come out of the house and begin to run towards him, she is yelling at the same time “what is the matter Tom” at the exact same time he hears her calling or saying something to him once more. He adjusts his hearing to her and she is saying something about the dead Sheriff, his old friend it is all so confusing, with the cloud, the wife running to him, his weakness and now the woman in black talking to him, but he cannot see her at all, why? Joellen comes up to him and asks what the hell is the matter Tom? He looks at her and says don’t you see the cloud Joellen, she in turn looks around him and says Tom there is no cloud, what are you talking about? Tom looks at her face and realizes that she cannot see what he is talking about, he is the only one capable of seeing it, and the mystery will stay with him and him alone until he gets some help from the doctors. Tom feels the visit to the doctor is the right move for him, nothing seems to be logical about these happenings, and hence he must go to someone who will have more knowledge or insight to these strange things he is being subjected to. She is asking him questions that Tom does not want to answer, so he decides to tell her that the heat in the field got to him and made him very weak, so much so that he was afraid of fainting out there and that is why he called her so frantically. He thought there was a mist around him he said but realizes immediately it was the heat, he never mentioned the strange feelings he had and the fact he heard the voice of her once again, saying something about the dead Sheriff.
Tom when he got back to the house did not make too much of the episode, telling Joellen it must have been the heat, and perhaps that is what it was, but deep down he knows the woman is trying to get in touch with him, but why and who is she?


Chapter Twelve
It is a very hot muggy day on Friday the day before his appointment at the doctors and Tom is back out in the fields working the back half of his farm where he plans to put in a new hybrid of peas he has read about in the newspapers, it is worth the try he figures, nothing to lose, except a few dollars in the seeds if it works as well as the ads say the usage of the one acre will be well used. He is at a point of putting the last few plantings in when he hears his name being called, softly and almost in a whisper, he looks up and around him only to see there is a person, in the trees that separate his view from the house, almost trying to hide from his view but not trying too hard, again with the soft call Tom come over here, can you hear me? It then dawns on Tom, it is Judy Armstrong, the wife of Billy who owns the land right next to Tom’s why in the world would she be calling him, and trying to hide from who maybe from her husband? He stands up in the field and waves in her direction, she waves back and with her arms and hands indicates she wants him to come over to the trees and to her. Strange goings on he thinks but what the hell life is a bitch and you never know what is coming next.
He puts down the hoe and pick that he has been using wipes his hands on his shirt, that is plain dumb he says to himself, and begins to walk over to where she has been standing. After the next ten or fifteen steps he takes towards her, being so careful as to not step on the newly planted areas, he looks up where she was, and finds she is gone, at least she is not where she was three minutes ago. Tom is standing there where he stopped hands on his hips, looking in the tree area when he hears her once agin, come on Tom I am over here to the left, it is Judy from next door, I need to see you please. He calls out okay Judy but you must come out for me to see you, otherwise I might walk right past you it is so dense in there, come out and show yourself. All this while he is trying to visualize who she is and what she looks like, Judy is a wisp of a woman, perhaps she is thirty years old, stands about five foot two, weighs only about one hundred pounds, and is as sexy as they get in a farm woman. though there has never been any scandal connected with her, not even any bar talk.
Then in a flash she comes out of the brush, and waves to him he then spots her, waves back real friendly like and says to her what do you want Judy, I haven’t seen you in months is everything okay with the you and the family? She waves back to him and waves him to come into the woods indicating she does not want to be seen here at the edge of his farm with Tom. He ambles over to her and with a big hello and hug they greet each other and Tom notices she has changed from the last time he saw her. They are standing in the woods and Tom is looking at this woman, who was always well, very dainty and conservative, wearing a white see through shirt, a blouse is what they call it, however she is not wearing any bra at all showing her massive nipples, at least they appear to be massive, her breast are not that large so the whole areola and nipples appear too large for the breast. Tom has taken in all of this in a few seconds, you can bet that Judy notices it to, and she blushes slightly, but that is silly he thinks this is why she dressed this way she wanted to get Tom’s attention, along with her light blue short pants, so tight that anyone talking to Judy Armstrong for a little while knows exactly how large and tight her pubic area is, where the crease is, from where Tom is standing and looking it appears to him, this woman wants to be wanted by a man and laid often. Tom is talking to her, all the while he is looking her over, she knows it and begins to look at him the same way. He asks her if he can take off his shirt he is very hot and sweaty, she jumps at the thought of it and says sure Tom let me help you. and with a few tugs at his shirt he is standing there bare to the chest. Her eyes open wide, staring at the manly chest, she hasn’t seen one this good for so many years, and it glistening with sweat, oh my God she says out loud, you are beautiful Tom, may I touch you please? He raises his hand in a no gesture so Judy moves back away from him, what has happened she thinks then he speaks you can touch all you want Judy but first, off with your shirt too, I do not want to feel as if I am the only one half naked.
Tom steps back a foot or so and watches as this young female decides to remove her top and enter into this sexual fling with the neighbor, who she so obviously desires to do. She hesitates a minute or so and then off came her top, and she rushes into his arms, mainly to cover her chest, though at times women are very strange. She has been showing it through the sheer shirt, but then wants to cover it up with his chest, go figure. They are standing there holding each other and Tom is quite confused, is this woman really coming on to him to get laid or does she just want to be seen as someone who is desirable to a man? Tom then decides to try the waters so to speak when he feels her lips on his nipples, licking them and sucking on them as if she cannot get enough of them or him. her lips and tongue are working all around his nipples and then slowly, she shifts her position slightly so her mouth and tongue now are working his stomach area, this is quite nice he says to himself is she going to go down further he wonders, at this time he hasn’t even felt her breasts, she is so busy with him. He reaches down to grasp her head, to pull her up to his face and she is so engrossed in working kisses on his belly, and slightly below, she fights him, not allowing him to pull her up. The belt buckle is opened, next thing he knows she has his swollen penis in her hand and is using all her female tricks she has learned through the years to have him ejaculate. He keeps waiting for her sweet mouth to surround it but she is determined to have him orgasm this way and he does. Judy is left with a penis that is limp and she does the one thing he never expected from her, she holds it and gently kisses his penis, looks up at him and says thanks Tom I needed that. He smiled at that and pulled her to her feet held her head in his hands and gently kissed her sweet mouth, saying I needed that too Judy. It is embarrassing to find your self in a situation such as this, not knowing why it has happened and will it happen again. Tom looks at her and says I hope to meet you again sweetheart.


Chapter Thirteen
Tom is finished as far as any further work that must be done this afternoon in the fields, he and Judy said goodbye looking at her tight body, as she departs wearing the cute small blue pants, he thought she might be a great piece of ass being so tight, he hasn’t had that since Joellen had the last kid. He lays down under the trees for a rest and before he knows it from a sleep that was restless he hears a voice, it is her, only this time he can hear her, plain as can be he gets up from the ground, startled looking around to see what is going on now, each time it is a different situation. this time though he can hear her, she has a lovely soft voice, what is she saying he listens intently, even though he cannot see her yet.
“Tom, Tom can you hear me at all, I can barely see you I do not know if you hear me however I want you to know you must be careful every day who you meet and talk with, there are many people out to get you Tom.”
He looks all around but there is no mist no cloud, just like it is normally only it is not a normal time, he is listening to what, is it a fairy, a ghost, is it his imagination? He then begins to talk back to her asking questions when there is no answer he realizes the mist is gone, the cloud is gone and she is gone, what the hell did she mean I have to watch out for people they are out to get me, that is absolutely crazy he says I do not know that many people and those I do all seem to like and enjoy my company. It is a sobering thought, he has to watch out for some who are out to get me, how and why? Here he is a farmer in some small southern state, trying to keep his head above water, drink a little too much on weekends, and now lately he is getting mixed up too fast and too dangerously with neighbors sexually, but they seem agreeable enough he reasons, what is the harm, besides he had this agreement with Joellen, she can’t be upset with this at all.
The walk back to his house is slow and takes him almost ten minutes, even though it is only in reality a five minute walk, that fooling around with Judy which was so strange it made him very lethargic, no tired is the word, he must remember she did give him complete relaxation with the hand job in the woods. He laughed at the implication of it all. Here was Judy, the wife of the farmer in the next field meeting him in the woods, willingly and gives him something her own husband probably did not get from her. Tom thinks that most of the farmer men around this district are too old to keep the wives busy and satisfied. In thinking of this he started to go down the list of farms here and the first one is the Armstrong one, the one next to his and the one Judy came from, then next to that is the small one is Frank McCourt, then further down is the huge farm of the Sullivan’s and he is right about all of these men, these farmers are almost fifty-sixty years of age, with younger wives. If he did not know any better he could have a field day of sex he thought, but of course he does know better, and these guys are all friends of his so that will never happen, but just the thought of it was exciting of course.
He enters the house and once again it is eerily calm, no that is wrong it is not calm it is empty of all sounds, as if anything that will make a noise or sound has been vacuumed out of the house. Tom stands there in the foyer of his home, and yells out hello anyone here, I am home. There is no answer at all just the silence that keeps coming back to him reminding him he is all alone in his won home he moves further into the kitchen, the coffee pot is on, the evidence of Joellen cooking is on the stove, she has been cooking some vegetables for dinner, he quickly turns the burner down so they will not burn, and yells out Joellen where are you, all to no avail, there is only silence. He heads up the stair deciding to have a shower and lay down on his bed, the afternoon interluded did make him feel exhausted, he took off his shirt and noticed it was dirty, mud like dirty, real red dirt dirty, he reasoned it was probably lying on all that dirt in the woods, they will need to be washed this afternoon so he placed the shirt and trousers into the basket for wash to be done. The dirt in this part of Mississippi resembled the red clay of Georgia, they were was so famous for, it sure did look like that dirt, how it got here he shook his shoulders and head, it didn’t matter to him, it was just a fact. The next thing he knew he heard Joellen and her sister Pamela talking rapidly and in a great deal of excitement down stairs, he kept quiet in the late stage of awakening, when he heard at least he thought he heard Pamela yell she was such a quiet girl, “when did they find her?” He sat up in the bed at this stage and lifted himself out of the bed to hear and to find out what they were talking about. He went downstairs into the kitchen and asked when did you guys get home? Joellen turned to him and said we did not know you were home Tom, did we wake you I am sorry but there has been a big thing happening in this town, now, first the Sheriff and now the Anderson woman. Tom stood there in complete silence and in shock, that poor girl, he thought someone must have got her later in the day after he met her, at least she was very happy when she left the woods. The conversation went on and on about this news, God these two women loved to talk, it was their only love in life, to talk and mostly it was of pure bull shit, so what if she is missing, or did they find her dead? They turned to him and Joellen said Tom don’t you ever listen, her body was found just yesterday evening down by the creek. Tom said that is impossible I saw her today over by the woods, and she waved at me, at least I think it was Judy, it sure looked like her.


Chapter Fourteen
There was very little to say that evening with Tom going into the television room to watch the ball games and the two women huddling in the kitchen talking about the death of what was her name Judy, and any other local gossip the might have heard. Tom went to bed early and never heard Joellen come to bed that night.
The next day is Saturday and Tom has an appointment with his doctor, he is well aware of it and he sits in the kitchen drinking his third cup of coffee while he waits for Joellen to announce to him “not to forget the doctor,” God almighty she is so predictable. Well he does know what she is going to do so that does say she does care no he knows she loves him as well as he loves her, no matter what he says at times. He leaves one hour before he is supposed to be there, for it is not far from the house and in the middle of town in a stately two story building that was once a lovely store front building for food for the animals of various farms, that had them for production of milk either goat or cattle, they had the right food meal for them. Tom stands outside of the old building, it has been fixed up to the point that no one in this town will ever recognize the facade at all, the doctor has put a good deal of money into transforming it to a professional office building that one can feel it was not like that from the very first. Tom goes into the office and is met by the front desk a very pretty shapely young girl about twenty five years old, who gives Tom all the paper work he must fill out before he may be seen by the doctor. he looks at all the work four pages actually he must fill out, does really a half ass job in filling them out gives it back to her and seats himself down in the waiting room, thinking of the comedian who always comments on the “waiting room” It was not too long before the nurse came into the room and asked him to please come in , he jumped up and followed her into the inner rooms, all very nicely done, there were three of them, he was escorted into the third room, and she said the Doctor will be right in sir, and left. Doctor Luke Maywood came in and he is imposing, young, he must be a recent graduate, thirty or so, blond hair with a small bit of a mustache, making him look very professional and Tom began to relax upon meeting him. They shake hands and spend the next few minutes going over the usual greetings and niceties that one must do when you meet someone new.
The examination takes almost forty five minutes with the doctor along with the nurse taking blood pressures, blood samples an EKG, all in all a very thorough physical examination, that Tom was put through. Luke looked at him after most of the exam was done and asked, him why are you here Tom, is there any complaint you might have that we can look into? Tom was a little embarrassed at this question, since he had put it down on the registration paper his hearing a voice, or he thinks he does, so why is he asking about a complaint now? Tom says well look Doc, if you read the complaint portion of your paper work you will see what and why I am here where Luke picked up the paper and studied it, glancing up at Tom only once, then puts it down on the table, and says why don’t you get dressed Tom and we can discuss this in my office.
Tom put his clothing back on as he was asked to do, and escorted by the nurse, went into the private office to discuss his symptoms. he did not have long to wait, Doctor Luke as he asked Tom to call him sat down opposite him and began the questions, the usual ones how long have this been happening, is there anything bothering you at home, at work, where do you work, how is the marriage, who is this female, do you have any idea who it might be? Then when he heard Tom describe the cloud, the mist and the fact that her voice is begin heard by Tom, he stopped taking notes and looked up at Tom once more and said Tom I think I am going to refer you to a good friend of mine who I know will be able to give you a better explanation of your problem and perhaps help you, it just is not in my line of practice, I will have Doreen my nurse call you when I am able to contact Dr. Ambrose, who is the man I will refer you to, Doreen will call you when he is able to see you in the meantime Tom, good luck and you could lose a little weight, that will bring your blood pressure down a bit.
There was a strangeness to the whole thing Tom felt, as he left the office he turned around to look at the office he had just left, and there was Doreen trying to look out the window at him, but also trying to hide so he could not see her. That was a situation he felt he could have done without, he climbed into his truck and began to go home when he spied the bar, and decided to make a quick stop for a drink or two and some talk with his fellow farmer friends. He found a parking spot half block from the bar, you know they park on the diagonal instead of parallel in this part of the country, it makes it seem as if it is still stuck in the last century. He removed himself from the truck and walked the one half block to the bar, meeting three farmer and wives on the way to his “watering hole” as the guys have nick-named it. He ambled in stood at the entrance mainly to pick out a group of men or women, they are coming in more now then a few years ago, that he would feel comfortable with, and spotted over in the lounge some people he knew, and one or two he did not, but he decided that is where he will go. Tom went over to the bar and ordered from Billy one draft beer, if you have a Bud Light please, he was served right away and paid for it then. Tom walked over to the group pulled up a chair and sat in on the conversation which did not skip a beat even when he sat down. He sipped his beer and listened carefully to what was being said, it seems the new Sheriff he was the man sitting two chairs from him, his name is Frank Conners he replaced the old Sheriff Thompson who was brutally murdered weeks ago, and those sitting around the table were asking him what information on the killing does he have.
Frank Conners can handle himself in many situations that arise, being a Sheriff for ten years in adjoining counties. However he seems to be taking a beating with this group so he changes the subject, as many politicians do when confronted with subjects they do not have an answer for or do not want to get into, if they are going to look stupid. That is the case for Frank, he does not have a suspect, nor does he have a reason the Sheriff’s office is leaning to an unprovoked attack by some stranger passing through the town and it will probably never be solved.


Chapter Fifteen
The very next subject that was brought up, was brought up by one of the five wives, Angie Nickerson, she was the most attractive of all the women in this town, who are sitting around the table, obviously she is not from this part of the country, no she speaks with a very different dialect, it is almost as if she was Irish, perhaps that is where she is from. Tom begins to focus in on what she is talking about, it is the fact that some wife in this town was killed last night somewhat brutally, she was raped, her thin blouse torn off her slim body, and she was tossed as she heard it from a car like baggage, she turned to the Sheriff and asked can you elaborate on that please. Frank Conners stood up this time, before he was just sitting with the group as one of them. now he want to show the power he has with the station in life he wears on his shirt the large silver Sheriff badge.
I am afraid I cannot discuss either case with you people both of them are under investigation not only by my department, but I will tell you that both of these crimes we view as serious, but the murder of the Sheriff has brought me to call in the FBI, and they may or may not open a file on Judy, I promise you folks I will keep you informed as much as I can without hurting or damaging these cases. That seemed to satisfy all of them at the table except for Tom. Slowly they all dispersed from the bar, Tom just went along with the flow of them going home to their wives or husbands as the case may be, he got into his truck and sat there while everyone left in their cars and or trucks, he just sat, thinking abut what he has just heard. He is nervous, shaking as he sat there, how can this be he says, she looked great when she left me, someone must have found her on her way home and killed her then. He was so damn lucky he thought the killer might have caught him with her and he could have been killed too. Tom then began to go over all the events he played over and over again to see if any evidence could be traced back to him. He thought he was safe, until he played the scene in his mind of her taking his semen with the hand job, where did the semen go, did she have it on her hands, on her blouse, or was it in the grass where she was? He has read that type of evidence can convict a man dear God he thought I could be convicted of her murder when all I got was a hand job.
That whole thing with Judy was like a dream, wait a minute he says maybe it was a dream, a cloud with the mist and her. Maybe it was a dream and it was only his imagination, that’s it he says it is all in my imagination, all of it, I don’t have to go see another physician, no it is me always dreaming up things even my teachers used to say that to me, “Tom stop making up stories, all we want from you is the truth”. For Tom though that was always a bit of trouble, he just was not able at anytime to give anyone the truth.
On the way back to Joellen and his home he began to think what the doctor said in the meeting, he the doctor, thought Tom needed help, but he the doctor, did not think he was qualified to diagnose what is wrong or how to fix it. He did recommend that Tom “take it easy” He didn’t have to tell Tom that, he was really exhausted with the cloud, the mist and the fear of hearing her again. He hasn’t heard anything at all for a time now, it used to be almost every day however he knows it is his imagination and not some other thing.


Chapter Sixteen
It has been a very tiring week Tom has put in, all the while waiting for Doreen to call for the appointment with the other doctor. he is back in the fields attempting to catch up, but you never catch up with the planting, watering, fertilizing them, giving them love is the way Tom explains it to Joellen or anyone who will listen to him, it is very hard work but rather satisfying to Tom, and it is keeping him busy so he doesn’t have to worry about going to the psychiatrist. The phone call comes three days later and yes it is Doreen, a voice he rather not hear, but as his father used to say to him, you have to “man up” never shirk what you know in your heart of hearts you must face. Doreen explained where the new doctor is located, gave him directions the date and time, she told him they were sending all his blood work and information that Dr Maywood found and if you have any problems please let us know sir, and with that she hung up the phone.
His appointment is for next week actually one day short of being a week, it is for the last appointment of the day five o’clock, that will give him all day to worry about what is going to happen, and to find out what is wrong with him, all this makes him very upset, it is as if he is in the dark and going to this man will free him from the darkness. The only freedom he will find is when the cloud and mist stop him from going on the way he has been lately. Though Joellen does not know what is bothering him, she is getting more and more curious with his conduct he is up nights when he should be sleeping, no he is wandering the farm or sitting in the television room watching porno, like that jackass husband of Pamela’s who Tom used to make fun of, now it seems as if he is trying to copy him. No Joellen says to her sister there is something wrong with my Tom he is not the same, remember when he fell in the bar, the guys were saying he was talking out loud about someone named Nancy, we do not know anyone by that name do we Pamela? Pamela looked at her with a strange look on her face, guilt it showed as plain as anything but Joellen is too engrossed in talking about Tom, not the sexual antics of her sex crazed sister.
Yes this is a very liberal family, Joellen has a hunch her sister is either making it with Tom or she is lusting after him and it will not be too long before she gets him, he has become more and more sexy each day, certainly this month I would say he can’t get enough of it, every night now he is after me to either screw him or let him go down on me. I do not care for that kind of sex though all my girl friends seem to rather have that than have someone poking into her with this hard piece of meat. I do get a better orgasm with him down there, all the while she is talking to Pamela who is getting hornier by the minute, thinking I wonder if Tom will do me that way. They stop that talk when the two children come home from school and Pamela must go home to her tribe also.
“Tom where are you” Joellen has been calling him now for an hour, without luck, his dinner has been cooked and on the table for that long, now it is getting cold. Honestly she says to herself, if I did not have the meal ready and on the table for him when he came in all hell would break loose the walls down. I don’t know where he went he sure is getting more and more trouble to live with this past year. She tells the kids to start getting ready for bed, with the usual complaints from them, picks up the local newspaper and reads all about the tragedy of that girl who was murdered just in the back side of their property. God she says you never know do you if you are safe.
Tom took the truck into town earlier to get some fertilizer for his soybeans he is planting tomorrow, and is humming to some country western song that was popular some years ago, that is why he knew it, todays songs do not register at all with him. He has about forty pounds of the fertilizer in the back of his truck and traveling almost fifty miles and hour, not excessive but a little fast for the heavy load he has in the back. He is using the old Route 25 it is the road most farmers use between their land and the town, it is almost a direct line to the farms, at least most of them, and Tom is hitting the portion of the road that is most dangerous, the hair curve that almost loops back onto itself, where the road as been known to a number of serious accidents monthly or perhaps two or three times every other month, that depends on the weather of course. Today the weather is just great, sunny skies, no rain or threat of rain, so Tom does not slow down on the curve that has been named for its danger “spin out curve,” he hits the curve with a sense he is in a racing car rather then an overloaded truck, and before he knows it there in front of him on the side of the road is a broken down auto. Tom only has to swerve slightly to avoid the car it is pulled over to the side of the road and he is in the center of the road but going much too fast for it to be considered safe. He slows down pulls off to the side of the road and shuts off his motor, sits there thinking of what might have happened in those few seconds, all of sudden he is developing a huge headache, he looks out of the front window and just as he thought the cloud and mist are forming once again, what the hell does this all mean? He sits there for probably ten minutes or so when he is startled by the tapping on the passengers side window, who the devil is that he thinks, hoping it is not the woman in the mist, the one who always shows up in times like these. He is frightened to look, no he smiles at the face looking in at him and waving so very friendly to him, he opens the door to her and says the usual hi, she slides in to the truck and says “thank god you came along Tom”, she knows his name, he smiles that sexy smile that seems to capture the women lately. The cloud seems to envelope them he looks out the window for her, she is nowhere to be found, why doesn’t this lovely woman, she really is so beautiful, see the mist at all.
The rest of the time is spent with Tom being thrilled with this woman, she seems to want him, just as Judy did, there are so many woman who really need it, to be slowly seduced he realizes that this one needs some persuasion, he places his hand on her head and with a slight bump on the back of her head, he manages her mouth to be positioned on the penis, he has her doing what she wanted to since they met, and Tom is determined to screw this one, she is begging him to rip her pants off, he does so and rips them off and stuffs the panties into her mouth now that she is finished with the oral sex, though he hasn’t orgasmed. He places her on her back and savagely enters her small vagina, he is startled how small she is, she apologizes to him but throughout the mist her face is showing a great amount of pleasure, so Tom hammers home to the ultimate orgasm. He tells her she better get back to her own car since he must get back to his home, he leaves her there in her car in the front seat with the door still open, as if someone left her there. He takes off to get home on time since he will be missed by Joellen that old bitch, he leaves his tie around her neck as a reminder to her for her.
Tom is sitting in the truck, motor is off and he is still sits there for fifteen minutes, he has not seen or heard from her as of yet, why hasn’t she appeared, the cloud and cool mist did and is still here, where oh where is she? Then he does see her, she is so beautiful in her black flowing robe, he does nothing but stare at her, he finally asks her where were you today, she smiles at him and says Tom, that is the first time she has said his name, I have been with you all day, I did not want to disturb you in your sexual doings. You must remember though you must take care of what you have done...the Sheriff, the girl Judy and now Agnes, your time has come. and then she disappeared. What the devil did she mean by my time has come? She is becoming too irrational lately, she seems to come and go as she wants, who the hell does she think she is anyway? Tom looks around, sees she has gone, as well as the cloud and mist, this whole thing is crazy he stops before he goes any further, goes into the house and waits for his Joellen.
The next few days Tom was weary but so very busy with the farm, Joellen has never seen him so engrossed with the farm, he is up at dawn, as most farmers are, and does not finish until the sun goes down. What a change she just loves it, and he is so very good around the house especially in their bedroom, the things he does to her, she swears she is going to have a heart attack. The days slip by and it is time for Tom to see his new doctor, Joellen seems to think maybe Tom does not need it but since they made the appointment already, maybe he should go, so Tom sets off to the appointment that day to see him.


Chapter Seventeen
Tom took the ride to the doctors office slow and easy, this area of town was not really “in town” but surprisingly it is situated in the old ugly part of the town. The part that was the first laid down may years ago, and as people came to settle there they choose as so many other cities, grow to put there developments outside of the original town. Tom is looking for the office on 9th Avenue, he has found 11th Avenue but for some reason the 9th Avenue seems to be hidden. There is a gas station on the corner so Tom pulls in to seek directions to 9th Avenue, the man comes out to see what he wants tells him that he wants West 9th Avenue he is going to turn around and five miles down this same main road he will run into it, Tom thanks him and heads to West 9th Avenue. It is only a five minute short ride to the office and it too is set up strictly as an office building professional to the degree, I bet Tom thinks this guys fees are high.
He takes a deep breath and enters the office of the doctor who is supposed to have the answers to my problem if it is a problem. Tom thinks so far it doesn’t seem to have hurt me, only at time does the cloud come and then it is all pleasant. He must tell the doctor this he tells himself, he will understand, man must have some relief from all the worries of the world or he will go crazy, Tom laughed at that. Tom is given a pad of paper that has to be filled out, again with this paper work, they must be paid by the pound of paper they use. It is on the fourth page Tom finds the space for him to describe what his symptoms are, wow will the doctor flip when he reads this he thinks, but that is what he is here for, so Tom gives it his all. Their conference as the doctor calls it is mutually “satisfactory” he hopes Tom feels that way also, Tom looks at him with surprise on his face, so far nothing has happened, how can he think it is satisfactory, the damn idiot hasn’t done anything but read the notes from the other doctor and read the paper work he has from Tom signing into this office. Yeah it sure is satisfactory you stupid doctor, where in all hell did you go to school?
He is half listening to the doctor lecturing him, no he is pontificating to Tom, this guy uses words he has never heard before, how does he think I know what he means? He does hear something about the blood work he has had from the other doctor, and this guy wants some blood work done too. Tom gives the blood and is given another appointment in two weeks and he leaves, thinking all the while what a waste of time that was, really how stupid, something is wrong with my blood and that is my problem Tom laughs out loud and hard as he gets into is car. He is going to start up the truck when he says to himself maybe I will stop in to the bar, see what the local farm gossip is and when are they ever going to raise the prices on soybeans and lettuce. Hell Tom figures if they can get ten cents more per head of lettuce he will make a profit this year, a first in four years, it sure has been tough to make it as a farmer with all the regulations made by those sissy pants in Washington who probably have never seen a farm in their life. Tom is given to thinking what the doctor said to him, what the devil did my blood have to do with it? He pulled up in from of the bar, there seemed to be a crowd of towns people in and out of it, perhaps a meeting of sort, you never know with them, well the only way to find out is go on it Tom and see for yourself. He pushed himself in to the bar it was packed with men and women, wives, children all centered on the man in the middle of the bar, there is plenty of drinking and talking, in spite of the presence of the man in the middle Sheriff Frank Connors, the man who took over for the dead Sheriff.


Chapter Eighteen
Tom ordered a beer and looked and watched what was going on, the Sheriff is answering questions the townspeople want to know, as one woman, gosh Tom said I know her from the meeting the other night, what is she saying, she wants to know who killed the Sheriff, are there any clues, what is being done with regard to that nice girl, Judy I think her name was, and now what about last nights murder, and how badly she was left, it looked as if she was tortured. Tom turned to the man next to him and said who was killed last night? The man just shrugged his shoulders, he did not know and could care less it seems he is drinking here before the crowd showed up and disturbed him with all this talk. Tom found that funny so he started to laugh the man said what the hell is wrong with you fella, are you making fun with me, or do you want to take this outside? Tom looked at the drunken eyes and apologized, that seem to take all the fight out of him. He turned his attention to the Sheriff who was trying to explain the murder last evening, it was bizarre she was left on the front seat of her car, nude and raped, with a mans tie around her neck, that is all the Sheriff would say for now he did mention the other woman, there was semen found in the area, so they are checking with the FBI data banks to see if they can find a match. he did say the possibility to find a match will be very difficult as the DNA sample was not clear and was a few days old, but they are going ahead with the sample so hopefully they will get a match. The crowd did not like these answers and let the Sheriff know it, his only answer at this point was the FBI is now looking into all three case and will I am sure find the animal who has done this to our women.
The doctor is on the phone speaking with the headquarters of the FBI in Washington D.C. inquiring with the woman, Ms Gloria Marshall who has handled other killings of women in very strange places, first of all he is telling her this is in a rural area I must emphasize that to you, they are not related and the ages are not even close, plus and here is the blockbuster Gloria the third one, who was murdered and tortured was the youngest, what do you make of all this? So we can recap this for you, three murders in a month period, two of them are female, both found nude the first one is not raped, the older woman who is the second one was raped and her body was really mutilated, more vicious, the Sheriff was killed and his body parts were removed from his torso and stuffed into his body. Gloria says “are you kidding doctor, you must have someone under the influence of some powerful drugs or someone going out of their mind” I know that, he says and the person who might fit that category walked into my office today, so I am waiting the results of the blood tests I sent to your Lab, you might see if you can get them to hurry the results. She laughed into the phone so he was able to hear it, okay I get it, no favors, and they must take their time so the result is correct. I am sorry for asking for that, sorry Gloria. She said well doctor everyone wants something and fast, we as a population must try to slow down, don’t you agree?
One week later the report is received from FBI and the data banks; Gloria wrote the report giving the doctor the FBI thoughts on what the blood analysis shows. it seems the blood analysis showed huge amounts of a form of arsenic poisoning, it appears Tom has been poisoned for over a year or more by someone or something, and curiously he has probably been having allusions the FBI found during the war the Germans used this method of torture and research on prisoners who were captured during the war. Their so called scientists detailed what happens to the mind over a period of having this form of arsenic ingested into the system. Many of the patients developed hallucinations of a woman in black who monitors their bad deeds. Armed with this exciting evidence the phone rang in the Denver house and Joellen answered and was elated the doctor wanted to see Tom before his scheduled time, she took the date and time down and promised he will be there, thanks the office for calling, she knows Tom will be elated. Joellen hung up the phone and made a call to her sister, Pamela, saying to her you better come over tonight if you can I have some news. Pamela well aware of the problems Joellen has with Tom, (women never keep a secret, especially between sisters) told her I will be there tonight Joellen decided to make a nice dinner for Tom, make a couple of stiff drinks so he falls asleep, then Pamela and herself can discuss all the possibilities or what they think his problems might be. However Pamela has other thoughts on what might happen, she intends to see how far she can push Tom into doing it.


Chapter Nineteen
It never occurs to Tom that the doctor would have an answer on his blood work so soon, he did not know that he served in the army in Germany during the heaviest of fighting, heard all the crazy so called scientific experiments they did on any one who they could get their hands on, so the tales were quite rampant, on the other hand the doctor is elated that his theory might be in fact true, this will mean he will be recognized for something other than some foolish disease that only happens in Mississippi. Tom is tired when he gets home the sun has been brutal and he is beat to the bones. He enters the kitchen and the smell from the stove is beautiful, this wife of mine sure can cook the reminds himself and in she comes with a big drink of scotch on the rocks, his favorite, thanks so much darling he says and gives her a big kiss on the neck all the while his hands are all over her big backside, feeling and loving it while she screams in delight. The meal was great and Tom had two more drinks before he caved in on Joellen and said I am off to bed honey I can’t see anymore I am so tired, good night, she smiled and told him sleep tight honey I will be up shortly.He was sleeping long before his head hit the pillow. Joellen called Pamela and said if you want to come over he has gone to sleep.
Pamela took her old time before fixing herself up to go over to Tom’s house, even though she has been told he is asleep, she feels she may just may be able to get him up. She smiles with that double meaning, she sure does want him as soon as she can, the man has been beating a huge yearning in her ever since high school would you believe it, her lousy sister does not know what she as in bed with him. She aims to find out tonight if the chance occurs, she is finished dressing up for the meeting with her sister, and she hops in the mini van heads over to her sisters home. It is no more than a six minute ride so she is there in the kitchen almost before Joellen has finished doing the dishes, they kiss and give each other stupid comments on their looks, then pour themselves a good drink of vodka Joellen starts off with the conversation she had this afternoon with his office, they must find out what he knows and how can they find out to do it, what the doctors conclusions are, why is Tom so strange lately, can it be he is really crazy?
They go around in circles discussing Tom, how he has changed, Pamela is most interested in any feelings Joellen has noticed about Tom, is he moodier, is he difficult to talk to, does he keep any secrets from her?
They are both getting drunk by this time, Joellen suspects that is why Pamela wanted to come over, to have a few drinks get drunk and stagger home to the idiot husband of hers. She gets up from the table to get more drinks for them, only to find out the bottle is empty, and there are no more for them. Joellen says to Pamela “wait here, do not go anywhere else, I will get some more for us, vodka right, and we will discuss this some more.” Pamela is sitting in the kitchen as drunk as she has been in a while, the thought of big Tom and she means big, upstairs alone, she decides need some fixing. Joellen will be gone for an hour at least, unless she meets someone she can talk to then it could be hours. Tom has been awake for some time now he is lying there in his bed having his headache that precedes the usual cloud and mist with her, he knows once again, she is coming he hears her in fact coming up the stairs, the cloud and mist are circling over him, it is cool making him feel refreshed, and then he sees her in the door way she is beautiful and she is opening her arms for him, oh God he mutters to himself, I am going to have her at last. He pulls her blouse open and off her to expose the magnificent breasts waiting for him, she has her hands all over him and her tongue is like satin going all over his penis, She keeps moaning over and over I knew it would be this big and so smooth, oh Tom I have wanted you for so long. Tom cannot take this any more he flips her over and with the woman on her back he enters her, she is wet, as wet as any other woman he has entered. His orgasm takes a few minutes and it is over. The cloud and mist is all over him, he moves his hands to her throat this is what she wants, they all did, even the last one, that whore, all the town thought she was a nice woman hah were they ever wrong, she went down on me in a flash, once I hit her on the head she did as she was told. This one is different she wants to eat me up, well let her and then we will see what she will do. His hands on her neck are squeezing and stopping her from swallowing his penis, he decides to have her struggle more trying to breathe this little whore, she is really trying to get away, but once more he smiles they all try to get away after they have sex, what a bunch of bitches. he feels her go limp, she gasps her last breath and it is over for her. Tom lifts her up to her feet with the cloud still around him and brings her to the closet, and dumps her into the bottom of his closet, that way he is taking care of her, he will find another place for her tomorrow.


Chapter Twenty
Joellen came home and found that Pamela had left, well she did not mind at all, since it was three hours later and Joellen stopped at the bar, where she finally met that big good looking doctor she was talking about with her sister, and they had a great time, no sex, just some dancing to the bar music, and a small kiss good night. Joellen never said she is the wife of one of his patients, no that is her secret. It is better that way she figures, maybe she can have an affair with him and Tom and the doctor won’t know. She laughed at the foolishness of it all, she has a man upstairs that will screw her any time, be content with that she says and goes up stairs to their bedroom and is surprised Tom is still awake, She decides to use Tom and moves in close to his body and her hands are searching and exploring over his body, he finally responds to the kisses she is spreading over his entire body, God she loves to kiss his penis, she is holding his penis, stroking it up and down the way he likes, she likes it that way too for it grows to its fullest and she can enjoy the penis she married long ago, for truthfully she can not stand Tom, her mother made her marry him, she loves his penis, and that is all. It is a sad state of affairs they are in and both of them know it, but they are so in debt to the banks they must stay together, fight the good fight every day and try to find some happiness along the way. She is thinking these thoughts just as she reaches her second orgasm that night, and collapses on Tom. She almost always achieves an orgasm with her being on top of Tom riding him like a real cowgirl. She feels like a dead weight on Tom, he lifts her off his huge body and says to her you sure were worked up tonight honey, I like you that way. She snuggled into him with her arm over him and kissed him and told him I love you baby, you excite me, good night.
Tom awakes the next morning with a hangover like he hasn’t had before, while Joellen is up and singing in the kitchen honestly where does she get her energy, Joellen he yells down at her what is for breakfast? He hears her call back coffee and eggs, what else do you want Tom, he says I have to go early today honey, so can you get some gas in the truck so I do not have to stop on the way? He smiles at his intelligence, get that bitch out of the house so he can get her sister out of his closet, he will dump it in the back woods where he left Judy that cute one with the great ass, God almighty she sure was great, I wouldn’t have mind fooling around with her once more. It is funny he thinks when they are around him he can’t wait to get rid of them, but when they are gone he misses them. He must tell the psych doctor that one, miss them when they are gone and can’t stand them when they are around. He will probably say it all has to do with my mother. Some kind of psycho babble they think up drinking scotch when they are in a room masturbating he says to himself. I do think though the doctor will have an answer, a plausible one at that as to why the woman keeps coming to me with the cloud and cool mist just before one of the women have to be attended to.
He is very early this time at the office, but he did have to move out of the house he was busy getting rid of Pamela his sister-in-law, he left her in the woods, all covered with brush and leaves, the same way he placed young Judy he laughed to himself I think they call it a MO on television, so now he is learning the language of the bad guys, he yells out in the parking lot of the doctors office “I am a bad guy”. Tom looks around and makes sure no one heard him, he is safe so he relaxes and enters the office with a big grin on his face. The sexy nurse looks at him and greets him “hello Tom” he takes a seat in the waiting room. They are not kidding when they use the term waiting room, Tom looks at his watch sees he has been there now for one hour, he silently gets up and asks the nurse how much longer is the wait to be, she shrugs her shoulders and says to Tom it won’t be too much longer, the doctor has an emergency so he is going to be running late today, do you want to reschedule it? Before Tom can answer the doctor opens the door to the exam rooms and says oh Tom I am so glad you are here, I will be with you in a minute, Tom thinks they sure do throw that minute around but Tom takes his seat to wait for that minute. it wasn’t just a minute but sure enough Tom is being escorted into the inner sanctum of exam rooms, the nurse seats him and the doctor is right behind her, he smiles and shakes his hand, Tom notices his hand is smooth, soft like a females, probably never did a hard days work in his life. Tom hates him now, no one should go through life without some hard work, the doctor begins to speak and tells Tom the blood work shows there might be a little problem to cause the appearance of strange things anytime night or day. he asks him has he had any problems lately, say from the last time when you were here?
Tom looks at him with a surprise in his eyes, how did he know there was another incident or was he just fishing, yeah that must be he doesn’t have anything on Tom and there isn’t a possible explanation with regard to her, and to the cloud etc. at least that is the feeling Tom has now that he finally settled down, Tom liked the quiet of the office, it is really restful, the way it should be, even at this early hour. The voice of the doctor drains on and on while the attention Tom is giving it is at best minimal. Tom lost interest when he heard it possibly might be some chemicals or maybe some food products were getting into his system and causing these imaginary dreams. What a lot of bull shit Tom thought, this man is a doctor and this is the best he can come up with? Tom felt cheated, but didn’t say so, though the look on his face told it all. Doctor was still questioning him about what products he uses on a daily basis to feed the property, the land and or the animals. He got up from the chair opposite the doctor and said “listen doc you do not have an answer, so let us stop wasting my money and your time” he said good by and left the office. The doctor sat there confused, he thought that Tom understood what he is talking about, I guess not he said to himself. He made a note in Toms file to call the Washington office once again and to call the Sheriff to alert him of the possible dangers Tom presents.


Chapter Twenty-one
Tom left the office angry, upset to the point he was talking to himself, in the parking lot, he looked up and sure enough there was the sexy nurse hiding in the window looking out at him, as if she knew something bad about him, or was it because she too liked what she saw and is interested? Perhaps later today he might take a crack at her she looks awful tempting. He instead got into the truck and headed back to Joellen and his house, as he went through the town a crowd was forming outside the bar, this time there seem to be a larger amount of people cannot get into the bar. Wonder what they are bitching about he said to himself? He took almost ten minutes to get home when he heard on the radio of his truck another person is missing from her farm. He couldn’t believe his ears, it is Pamela she was last seen last night about eleven o’clock heading back to her home from her sisters.
Tom pulled into his driveway and was met by Joellen who rushed up to him, holding him tight to her chest, crying and trying to speak to him, all about Pamela is missing. Tom said now calm down baby she is probably out shopping or something, maybe visiting one of her girlfriends, she does not just disappear from her family. Tom said alright let us get up search party, call her old friends let us call the Sheriff. Tom had a god hunch where he was and picked the phone dialed the bar asked for the Sheriff was told he is in a meeting now, Tom raised his voice and said it is an emergency sir, please get him on the phone. Sheriff came on in five minutes and Tom is angrier than Joellen ever saw him, He is screaming at the poor Sheriff that his sister in law is missing this morning, let us get a search party for her, that is your job sir rather then have a meeting in the bar. Tom hung up the phone saying to her let us go and see if her husband saw her last evening, then we will go down to the bar and see if we can with the Sheriff start looking for her.
They found the bar filled with all the towns people all of the very anxious to hear who was and who is missing, the main crime here they see is there has been nothing done to solve the first one, the Sheriff and when is the FBI going to take control of these cases. The crowd is restless and at this point becoming angrier at the Sheriff, what is being done for the town? Little did they know standing right there amongst them is the person who has the key to it all, yet he really doesn’t does he?


Chapter Twenty-two
It was not until the next day, late in the afternoon about four, that the body was discovered in the woods almost in the same area that the first girl, Judy was found, hidden under some branches and dirt, lying face up, just as Judy was positioned. Joellen took the death of her sister very hard, she could not believe she is dead, that is what she keeps repeating over again. Tom kept trying to figure out how she got there in the woods, when he heard her down stairs in the kitchen laughing and drinking his booze, with Joellen, and how come he thought she was here in the house and never felt the cloud or the cool mist, he did and cannot figure it out why do others not see what he has for many years.
The Sheriff is back in his office waiting for the arrival of the body to the medical examiners office when his assistant told him that the new doctor is on the phone and need to speak to you. He says okay and picks up the telephone receiver to hear a baffling and rambling call from this man, the new doctor in town. he is very excited and needs to tell the Sheriff about a patient, but cannot with doctor patient confidentiality, but he insists on seeing the Sheriff sometime today, is he able to do so? Okay says the Sheriff “come over to the office when you finish your last patient and we will talk”.
It did not take too long for the doctor to show up in his office, it was after seven the Sheriff is now getting very tired, too tired to even sit and talk with the doctor, he explained there was no way he is going to sit and listen to a tale of what the doctor theorized about a patient, The Sheriff said good night to him and walked the three blocks to his rooming house apartment, which he found most comfortable and convenient to the office. When he got there the landlady told him some men from the FBI were here and left a phone number for him to call if he can tonight, if he is unable to do it call tomorrow.
The doctor could not believe what he has just heard, but the Sheriff must be really tired, he has never heard of a law enforcement officer beg out of a time to hear evidence on a case as notorious as this one. So they set a time for the Sheriff to hear the doctors claims that a patient is dangerous, and will meet tomorrow, noted in his planner the time he will meet with him and said good night, went to bed as fast as he could, only he did not know that will be his last night on earth.
By this time Tom is at home but feeling very strange, he complains to his wife, however Joellen is all wrapped up with the funeral services for her sister, and between crying and trying to keep busy she has no time for Tom. He is frantic now he knows the doctor will tell everybody he has “bad blood,” whatever that means, it isn’t fair Tom thinks who the hell does he think he is? I must go over to his office and see if the is still there. He gets in his truck and speeds over to the office, only to find it is closing time, and he has gone, to the Sheriff office is what the cute little nurse tells him, he looks at her and is able to see she is interested in him, the feeling of being wanted over comes him, so he sits down with her and begins the cycle of seduction, his style. He knows she is around, he can feel it and the sweet smell of the mist is back, the nurse can smell it too, she is going into a sexual fire he believes, her uniform is ripped off exposing here breasts, Tom is playing with them now, and she is making a pretense of not wanting to do it. He knows better, she is going to love what he intends to do to her, all the while she pretends to try to leave the office fighting him, he decides at this point to put a stop to all the fighting and hits her hard on her head and she falls to the floor. It is almost a immediate reaction to her being knocked out that he feels the cool cloud and mist, he looks around and there she is, looking beautiful as ever, her black robe still in disarray exposing her body, she looks at him and says you must be careful, take her and hide her for you can use her later, be careful Tom they are after you. Then she disappeared the mist and clouds slowly vaporized and Tom is left with the nurse on the floor, clothes all torn open, he picks her up and puts her into his truck and sets off to find a place where he can hide her. He ties her hands and feet just the way he tied his cattle when he had them, even covering her mouth so she can’t scream when she comes to, he remembers her, telling him to watch out they are after him so he must watch out. He heads over to the old barn on the next property, it has been vacant for many years now, Tom tried to buy it, but Joellen said no it is nothing there, so now something will be there, he laughs at his own joke, he can hardly wait for her to wake up when he gets her in the barn, what a perfect spot for all his sexual needs, and she will be there just waiting for him. God is good he thought.
Joellen has the diner on the table for him when he returns to the house, acting as if there is nothing wrong, but he does give Joellen some pity and sympathy, she holds on to him in a warm embrace, stirring his loins once again, however Tom realizes this is not the time for him to be thinking that with his wife, but what about that nurse in the barn just waiting for him? Yes that will be his for the taking and he vows tonight when she has gone to bed he will go over to the barn and satisfy himself and the nurse, she wants him as much as he wants her, he could see that from the first time they met.


Chapter Twenty-three
The Sheriff woke early that next morning, he was very hungry so he headed over to the local diner, for his usual soft boiled eggs and whole wheat toast, coffee with no fat milk and no sugar at all since he was on the borderline becoming a diabetic. After meeting with some of the towns folk the ones that are always there like clock work he opened the report from the coroner and while he was thinking about the report in walks the doctor from last night. He is profoundly excited and nervous, telling the Sheriff he has to talk to him, in private, but the Sheriff is still eating his eggs, so he says to him go on doc let me hear your story once again, so they settle down, at least the Sheriff does and the doc is still looking around in the small diner to see who is there and who can be a danger to them. The doctor relates the meeting he has had with this patient and the tell tale results of the blood work he found, it is all indicative he tells the Sheriff of a person who is missing important hormones and somehow has accumulated high levels of arsenic poisoning. The Sheriff looks up from this eggs and says arsenic, that is a killer isn’t it doc? The answer is sobering and chilling.
The levels of the poison in the system is enough he is told to cause the person to become psychotic, and it has been presented in many papers of scientific origin that many of the world’s killers of note were or they were the victims of some kind of poison, with arsenic being the main culprit. The Sheriff looked at him right in the face and you think one of your patients is poisoned like this doc? I am certain it is but before the poison kills them they are in a psychotic state, and this is what we have in the town Sheriff, someone is going around psychotic and is killing these women. We must stop him, the doc slipped up with that “him”, and the Sheriff said we all thought it was a man doc this kind of killing is not a female trait.
The doctor has been transformed right there in front of the Sheriff into a detective, and he is bursting to tell him who the patient is, he is now giving him hints, subtle hints though they really are quite revealing, to all who now are listening to the doc, someone in the crowd says it must be Tom Denver, his sister in law was just murdered, and he is the only one around these parts who fit the description. The Sheriff stands up and tells this small crowd no one is to do anything about your suspicions, you hear me, this is only an investigation, and it is only that. No one has any proof of any kind to go around making all kinds of accusations on a person of this town. Please ladies and gentlemen let the law process proceed, we will find out who is killing these women.
They all disbanded and went to their own homes to talk about this new news and to gossip to all who will hear. Joellen has gone to sleep by now, she is exhausted and the funeral will be in two days, she needs her rest so when Tom was satisfied she was asleep he crept out of the house and walked back to the deserted barn, it was dark of course, and very quiet, Tom went to the side window and looked in, he could see her where he had tied her up, she looked as if she is sleeping, on her back, eyes closed and her breathing was very slow and even. Tom is elated now he goes to his house and get some water and some food for her, after all he reasons he must keep her healthy and fit, he does not want her to get sick. He returns with all the provisions he could find, and opens the barn door, enters and she seems to be awakening, she looks up and tries to scream but the binding over her mouth prevents any sounds, he must remember to bring more of the same. She is lying on her back, hands tied to the bed stand, her legs are fastened to the armature of the bed she is lying on, they too are fastened with some sort of electrical tape Tom found, she cannot move from that spot. Her legs are parted with the position he has tied the legs, apart, he sees his first opportunity for this nurse, he will find out her reaction when he penetrates her vagina, and gives her a good first sexual experience with him. He thinks as he pushes himself into the tight pussy how lucky she is to have him treat her to her first first class fuck. Her reaction to this is not too bad he says to himself, she really likes it and when he recovers and is able to do it again, he will please her once more. it never dawned on Tom why she did not resist was her hands and legs were tightly bound, and her mouth was shut tight, but he was not thinking right, he thinks he is her great lover, and she will want more of him soon and often. God he says to himself why didn’t I think of this before, instead of killing them? Oh well he says you only learn by experience, that is why he is so good at what he does now.


Chapter Twenty-four
The funeral went off well, and everyone went back to Tom and Joellen’s house for the usual drinks and refreshments, the atmosphere was as expected sombre, the usual period of mourning was started amongst all who attended, the drinks were what kept them from downright despair, however the talk of the four murders crept in and it seems everyone had an opinion of who is responsible for those terrible tragedies. Sheriff Connors was there and made certain in his own forceful way nothing was to be said about certain thoughts of who the murderer is or if they are someone from out of town. Tom went back to work in the fields now he had to employ two men he had fallen behind in the work in getting the farm ready for the summer, but these two men were good and they performed well in their chores, so after the three weeks Tom was able to let them go with the promise if he needs any more work he will call them to help him.
Things went on for the three, four weeks after the funeral with Tom working the farm and Joellen handling the home chores, his fascination with the old barn and the nurse was growing stronger each night, she seems to wait for him each night he thought, their lovemaking was superb, so much that he has actually loosened her bonds so she is able to use her hands to manipulate his penis the way he likes. It sure is a great setup he knows and hopes it will never end, he must keep her well and fit for his use. It was on a Sunday Joellen remembers it well the bell rang at the front door, she opened it and there was Sheriff Connors and three deputies, looking for Tom, he isn’t home right now she said she asked him in the house and when he told her his problem, she broke down and went into hysterics, saying over and over again why is this happening to us?
The Sheriff explained two nights ago a group of teen agers out for some fun went to the old barn outside of your property and there they found a nurse who has been missing for almost two months now, she is alive but just barely, she has been sexually abused and sodomized all this time by Tom, she knows him and has identified him as the one who kidnapped her and held her captive in that old barn. She is in the hospital now but the district attorney wants us to pick up Tom so he can get an attorney and proceedings can begin. Joellen is really besides herself, first Pamela and now Tom, what in the world is she supposed to do? The Sheriff waited a while it was almost one hour before he showed up and was in a full mad fervor, he had been to the barn and found the whole area sealed off with that damn yellow police tape showing it is a crime scene. Tom knows what is coming and is looking for her she has not been around for two weeks now, why? Is this all some kind of joke she plays on people, where is the cloud the mist and more important where is she why hasn’t she been with me?
Tom is the center of excitement in the town, all sort of rumors are going around, the Sheriff is keeping a tight lid on this case, he knows he is in charge of a case that will go nationwide with all this nonsense about cloud and mists and the woman. It is all about the crazies of a person that has made these murders, that is all he is so very convinced. The attorneys and doctors are all looking into the case, it looks as if the whole case will revolve around the insanity plea so often given when nothing else will suffice. The source of the poison has been traced to the massive fertilizers that Tom was using on the soil, he was using five times the suggested amount. The manufacturers all insisted they provided the warning on the packages, they did.
Tom “won” the case, and is at present sitting in the state psychiatric prison for an unknown amount of years. Joellen is trying to pick up the pieces of her life with Sheriff Connors.

