The Acolyte
Dawn of New Hero Revised Edition
By Joshua Pinon


Preface

Josh, a young man living in the present day is turning twenty one believing tonight was just another celebration of his ordinary gay college fraternity cheerleader life, until his world is turned upside down gaining uncanny abilities at the stroke of midnight, only to discover on top of his new gifts mere drops of the blood that flows throughout his veins could destroy vampires instantly, posing a threat to their race, changing his world forever! 
This is dedicated to everyone close to me, my incredible parents who are two of the most selfless human beings in the world, my family, my nephews and nieces, my coworkers, and last but not least all my friends and fraternity brothers for being so supportive throughout the years. I also dedicate this to all my superhero inspirations that sparked this idea in my mind to write this novel.
Love,
JΦshua

(Cindy, Oscar, Brett, Landon, Alexa, Melanie, Ryan, Tina, Shawn, Richard, Kenny, Marta, Brandon, James, Todd, Sara, Eric, Amanda, Christine, Ian, Cisco, Luis (RIP), Kreg, Kyle, Veronica, Jamie, Kimmy, Bethany, Aaron, Robyn, Chris, Mark, Susan, Dominic, JC, Jen, Jeremy, Missy, Vince, Minh, Neil, John, Nathaniel, Kyle, Josh, Sean, Mike, Jesse (RIP), Jessica, Stephanie, Amy, Nikki (RIP), Pat, Brianna, Antoinette, Jennifer, Huitzi, Jerry, Demetrus, Priscilla, Andi, Amanda, Dominique, Jenna, Adam, Eric, Nicole, Maya, Sam, Bouvier, everyone I cheered with and to the cheerleaders I coached throughout the years, any of my family members friends, and fraternity brothers not mentioned but I’m running out of room sorry)

To all readers, 
This original story was written with the intentions of introducing a new superhero character to the world, in the hopes of the main character, the Acolyte, to become a part of the sensational Marvel Universe through a series of fictional novels hopefully to become Marvel’s The Acolyte. After doing some extensive research being a complete amateur author, this of course being the first novel I wrote and published, I understand that introducing a superhero is typically done as a graphic novel or comic book. However, being an adult in my thirties I wanted to introduce the new superhero into the world through a series of novels. I believe adult aged readers who enjoy the excitement and adventures of superhero stories would prefer to read about these great adventures in a novel form, since graphic novels and comic books are meant for a younger audience, having been inspired some of my favorite novels of our time especially the Twilight series and the Sookie Stackhouse Novels series. I want to create something different from the normal superhero typical formality of imagery.
Being a Marvel fanatic throughout my life growing up watching their amazing movies, television series, and comics, particularly the superhero team the X-men, became my leading inspiration to write this story. More importantly two actors who portrayed iconic superhero characters in the X-men movies, Shawn Ashmore who plays the role of Iceman and Daniel Cudmore who plays the role of Colossus are the main inspirations that sparked the idea of the Acolyte. I utilize Iceman (Bobby Drake), Colossus (Peter Rasputin), Northstar (Jean Paul), Magik (Ileana Rasputin), and Marvel Girl (Rachel Summers), all Marvel characters that are trademark heroes of the incredible Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Chris Claremont, and John Byrne. Once again I am publishing this for free following the guidelines according to Marvel’s website with no ill intent, only to share my story to the public that in hopes they would enjoy it:

(While we can’t accept your unsolicited submissions, please know that Marvel is always looking for new comic book artists and writers. We constantly read and review indie, self-published, creator-owned, and web-comics, review popular online art communities, ask other artists for opinions and recommendations, and host portfolio reviews at conventions from time to time. If you are an aspiring comic book artist or writer, we suggest you publish or publicly post your material, continue to create, and if you have the right stuff...we’ll find you.  http://marvel.com/help/category/17/topic/30)
Preface
Prologue
Chapter 1 In the beginning
Chapter 2 The Stroke of Midnight
Chapter 3 Ascension of a New Beginning
Chapter 4 Fate in the Eyes of Death
Chapter 5 Grand Hall Under the Canyons
Chapter 6 The Faceless Foe	
Chapter 7 Extraordinary Allies
Chapter 8 Secrets of the Vault
Chapter 9 Strange Encounters in the Night
Chapter 10 Paranoia
Chapter 11 Catching a Spy
Chapter 12 Homecoming Halloween	
Chapter 13 The Battle of Halloween Homecoming	
Chapter 14 Aftermath 0f Halloween Homecoming	
Chapter 15 Recon
Chapter 16 Repercussion
Chapter 17 Calm Before the Storm	
Chapter 18 The College National Cheerleading Championship
Chapter 19 Flight and Fight
Chapter 20 What Happens Next
Epilogue
Prologue

A fairy tale is what some would call this saga while others would call this a story of a hero, and some would find it to be completely different all together. For many decades now, rumors and whispers spread amongst the world of the supernatural, as the brink of the new millennium approaches, soon anomalies would one day ascend that would forever change our world. Unsuspecting and living within the new age of humanity until fate and destiny will one day forever alter the lives of the rumored chosen ones. Many times when destiny bounds and paves several roads of the upcoming future to unfold, it is followed with the dilemma of choices. For the chosen ones, once crossing that line entering and becoming a part of the world of the discreet and hidden world of the supernatural that live among us, the path that is chosen will forever revolutionize life as we know it. There are many out there, creatures filled with darkness and hate that fear the ascension and will risk anything to eliminate these abominations before they ever occur before jeopardizing their dark murderous ways in the shadows. Even after a decade into the new millennium these terrible creatures still hunting, going to extreme measures, fearing the chosen ones supposedly out there that will one day hold and protect the very fate of humanity, the very fate of existence at any cost…
Volume One
Dawn of a New Hero

Chapter 1 In the beginning

Twisting and turning, captured by the depths of the horrific and haunting illusions incepting my surreal dream, finding myself once again trapped surrounded by darkness, devastation, despair, and death. I stood there confronted by chaos in my unconscious state of mind, until image faded pitch black, only to find a pair of glowing green fierce eyes gazing at me, filled with anger and hate, before and explosion of bright blue light blinded everything causing my body to jerk rattling the bed underneath as I awoke practically jumping a good few feet in the air. 
I quickly snapped into an upright position, gasping desperately for air grabbing a hold of my sheets as I began to calm myself down from this intense and all too incredibly realistic and quite disturbing dream, or nightmare I should say. I began to look around my humble little room inside the one story house, which looked just like the same room the night before. I panted completely speechless, trying to make sense of it all. Everyone dreams, yet for some reason lately my unconscious adventures of the beyond were more than your average lust filled fantasy or partying it up in Vegas like a player type dream. It was troubling knowing that I was dreaming of dark, devastating, and horrific acts taking place all around me, but worst was that I seemed to be facing them head on as if I was defending myself against the impossible. 
Although there are stories and news reports incredible things, like a man that was genetically altered and talks about people out there supposedly having supernatural type gifts, it was a topic of skepticism out here in California since we’ve never encountered such things. I always used to dream of one day having abilities like most kid however, these flashes and moments felt like something much more than that. Why’s my mind so obsessed with these wild imaginations of grandeur during my reoccurring nightly state of unconsciousness and making them seem so real?
“Hey Josh, wake up!” came a voice from outside the familiar door.
“I’m up!” I snapped coming back to reality from what had seemed so real, while staring at the fraternity letters painted above the door frame now being pounded away, which had sounded like the thunderous sounds I heard in my head only moments ago. “I’ll be out in a minute.” 
“Hurry up man, today’s the big day and we got to get ready…..”
“I know, I know. Let me get ready before we head out!” I interrupted the person I now recognized from his voice on the other side of the door.
“Sweet!” called my good friend and fraternity brother Justin as he slowly walked away from my room door. I stood up and looked around. After a quick evaluation, it appeared that nothing had changed. Everything looked the same. The movie posters and pictures on my desk were still intact. My feet were on the ground, yet I couldn’t shake the images and flashback illusions lingering in the back of my mind as I physically began my normal daily getting ready routine for this big day. 
As I showered I kept trying to puzzle the fragments of images, not understanding what any of it meant, trying to somehow put these now hazy glimpses together for some sort of resolution. I couldn’t help but notice certain similarities and patterns of the previous nights these last few months, all pertaining to facing darkness and death. “Fuck, not again.” I muttered out loud annoyed by my abrupt awakening, letting out my frustration before having to prepare for the big day to follow. 
After a few minutes of the relaxing shower my mood lightened up. I was truly feeling great now, more so than I expected how the morning was starting out, having surge of adrenaline running through me, excited now, pouring myself a shot of vodka and some orange juice, my first little self drink before the day fun began. Hey, it was going to be my twenty first birthday at midnight, why not start the morning before off with a little spirit inside me. At least this still being the summertime, I had some time off before having to return to actual college life. 
While I continued getting ready for the day, I glanced at my VSU cheerleading uniform hanging inside my closet. Valley State University is in the Sherman Oaks area hidden against the hillside and suburbs surrounding it. There was copy of the cheer season schedule reminding me that soon practices and football games would begin again at the university, which at least for me was my normal young adult life, which in itself is difficult enough already since male cheerleaders are usually always treated differently for stupid typical reasons. They can talk shit all they want but they don’t get that it isn’t as easy as just throwing up a girls in the air and catching them. 
Yet even as I sat there tying up my shoes ready to run out the door to prepare for this special night, the constant speculations of what had been taking place inside these deeply complex and twisted dreams, nagging me at the back of my mind. Why couldn’t I shake off this feeling inside me? Everything seems normal as I start to head out the door although being taken back by the brightened hallway filled with sunlight that looked absolutely remarkable. Either way I knew that whatever was going on would have to be pushed aside for now, as reality kicked. I prepared myself mentally for the upcoming festivities that were about to take place. 
 I went around the room turning off my lights when instinctively I could sense my friend standing there waiting for me to open the door to my room ready to hand me something, only to be disrupted by another knocking on the door a few seconds later. Weird! Double checking that I had everything, I brushed it off then proceeded to open the door immediately to find my friend waiting there with exactly what I expect. Without even asking, I reached down for the already lit handmade cig and said, “Thanks!” while I inhaled and exhaled, already feeling a slight relief from my earlier torments.
“Happy almost twenty first birthday good sir,” Justin said excitedly. “How’d you know I had…” he stuttered.
“Smelled it,“ I quickly snapped answering my friend’s question, “Let’s get this party started!” I shouted as we headed through the familiar hallway of the fraternity house I lived in, ready to celebrate a true milestone moment, the one that unknowingly will forever change my life in ways I could never imagine.

***
Hours before the stroke of midnight


Anxiously I waited in the main room of the house amongst a handful of my closest friends as we had waited for the limousine in route. Everyone was dressed up sharply in club attire all socializing in the living room area drinking our special jungle juice from red cups cheerfully shouting and conversed while we waited. As the rest of the group became consumed with their small talks of summer events and the latest campus Greek system scandals, I stood up and walked towards the front window facing the street of Greek Row checking for the limousine drifting off into my own thoughts once again reminiscing on earlier events throughout the day. 
It had gone by particularly fast as we had finished all the errands that needed to be done in time before the party at the local campus bar we were holding the festivities at. As I trace steps back in my head of the day’s events, all was relatively normal, except I once again in the back of my mind felt something spectacular was about to happen . I had never felt better throughout the day, although I know the spirits were a good portions of that indeed, yet I had this sensation tingle throughout my body, and a great feeling it was. 
However it did occur to me that there was one out of the ordinary moment when walking on the Venice Beach Boardwalk after having a large champagne brunch, the main course being the champagne of course, when the group stopped in front of a fortune teller’s stand as she shouted directly at me in a chilling raspy voice with a cryptic message in her words,
 “There is a light that flows inside you boy. Strange young man of the unknown, destined for greatness, and fate will present itself after twilight falls as the sky darkens!” What the fuck! That definitely wasn’t normal, but usually most of the business owners on the boardwalk were above and beyond cloud nine, all of us buzzed listening to the woman’s rant. My friends burst into laughter and continued walking, but I paused a few seconds longer and gave the crazed woman a puzzling stare as I noted the location on the boardwalk just in case I ever needed to seek this supposed teller of fortune again. 
Throughout the day I had moments where I kept hearing voices in my head like tiny whispers, all of them were quite troubling however it was if it wasn’t my thoughts I was hearing anymore, but only for fragments at a time, glimpses in a way. I was probably just having a little too much fun, besides, it was going to be my twenty first birthday in only a few more hours and we were quite twisted at this point already. I was anticipating an all out group to arrive to the local bar everyone went to even though some of us were technically under age. Most of us had bought fake IDs long ago, so getting into the bar was never as too difficult.
For the celebration tonight, I was able to rent out our usual bar off of Ventura Boulevard, only blocks away from the university. Bars on Ventura tended to be more upscale establishment then most of the other dive bars further in the Valley, all still part of the Greater Los Angeles Area. The venue chosen for tonight was perfect setup for the festivities which I knew was going to be pretty epic, but how on earth would a party lead me to my destiny? Why can’t I allow myself to let this nonsense go? I excused myself out to the front of the five bedroom fraternity house for a quick smoke break while waiting for the designated driver for the night in the over the top taxi. Even with the overly exciting night just ahead of us, I stared out into the night sky watching as clouds started to develop. I leaned against the railing of the front porch as I slowly began taking a hit from another hand rolled cig. What would the future hold for me? 
After a few moments the limousine had arrived to take the main group of my friends and I to meet up with everyone else taking part of the celebration tonight at the bar. As each of us crammed inside the overly stylish hummer limousine, a sudden clash of thunder startled everyone to the point of slight screams and shouts, only to follow with laughter and someone turning up the radio with the driver now heading towards our party destination. Each of us grabbed a drink cheers to a great night. I sat there sipping down my drink pondering what lies ahead. I could only hope for great things to happen. 
I know a good crowd from the university will be there for me tonight; from my fraternity brothers and the sorority girls, the cheerleaders, and some of the staff members I got close with had also were also invited, like my lab professor from last year, Professor Drake. Only four or five years older than myself, we clicked really well when I took his very first class he taught at the University. I was a bit of a socialite on campus probably because I was a likeable person, for the most part. I had a habit of making many friends constantly during my collegiate years since I was so involved with both cheerleading and being a part of the Greek system, and tonight all those people would be attending. 
We turned the corner as I spotted the local bar with the flashing neon signs looking so vibrant in the distance. I turn to find my friends passing around glasses of champagne, we raised our glasses and toasted to another epic night of fun and celebration, not knowing as we pull up to the front of the bar that on this very night everything will change, not just for me, but forever alter this world and existence itself.
The driver opened the limo doors leading us pass the long line of bar patrons as the security guard escorted us in. Inside was already noisy and sound of pop music with the vibrations of the bass coming from the sound system could be felt throughout my body. We all walked in comfortably without even being checked or ID at the door because we are regulars and tonight the bar was closed off for my private party. The crowd was still packed since anyone from the school was pretty much invited as well being I didn’t recognize all the people in the crowd tonight. 
I grew anxious and excited as the familiar faces boasted into pure joy with cheers and shouts of celebration. “I see the birthday boy… well to be” announced the DJ, one of many of my fraternity brothers’ in attendance. I became marvelously ecstatic at this point, nearly overwhelmed with joy over the turn out just to watch me turn twenty one. All the problems flooding and bothering my mind throughout the day had flushed away as I put myself into party mode with the rest of my friends and guest. Hey, after all you only turn twenty one once in your life. Live it up! 
I walked through the energetic crowd of about sixty to seventy people, some hanging along the busy bar, others dancing in the center dance floor the was surrounded by VIP tables where others were sitting comfortably around watching the groups dancing, trying to chat over the sound of a remixed version of Justin Timberlake song “Sexyback” playing. Obviously this group knew me all too well, at least for the moment. In a sudden rush of outburst, I somehow ever so quickly find my way to the dance floor where groups of some of the cheerleaders were dancing as I joined them, busting out my moves, you could say. 
We all greeted each other in the center of the dance floor when I noticed I was overwhelmingly aware of my surroundings, catching and sensing everything going on around me. Strange tingle rushes throughout my body intensely feeling the bass from the sound system ever so gently caressing my skin with its rhythmic blast. What was happening to me? I had never felt so great in my life, so vibrant, so alive, and so ready for another drink. Although I know as I headed towards the bar, I legally buy a drink for another hour, I figured for old time sake I would ask someone to get my Adios Mother Fucker, AMF, my favorite cocktail. Maybe because it’s blue and gets you wasted, being it was my favorite color and it kept my spirits up if you know what I mean! 
I dismissed myself from my cheer team members after the song hand ended heading towards the bar, this time slowly making my way through the crowd as I continue to greet some familiar faces and introduce myself to some that I didn’t recognize. I noticed one man, maybe in his mid to late twenties, standing a little off the very end of the bar close to another man I had seen maybe once or twice before at some campus event. For being so far from the pair, I was somehow able to pick up on the fact they were holding hands. Boyfriends, interesting I thought to myself as I continued to scan the bar to select my next drink purchaser this evening, targeting the person I would persuade to buy my a drink since it wasn’t midnight quite yet. 
In that moment I somehow was hearing the lightest sounds of voices throughout the entire establishment completely amplified, even with the music blasting, I could swear it was almost as if my hearing senses had increased immensely. I finally found my purchaser, as to my surprise, my favorite professor was standing there slouched over the bar, waiting to order a drink. With him was a friend, a large built tall buff football player built friend, someone I had never met before. Casually, I stroll up to the two men.
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t the birthday boy. How are you kid?” asked my professor as he sipped down his the last drop of his ice cold beer.
“I am fantastic Professor Drake, thank you for coming by. And I see you brought a friend.”
“First of all, it’s Bobby, and secondly I want you to meet Pete. Pete, this that one of my lab students from last year, Josh.” he said cockily back.
“Hi, I’m Pete, Peter Rasputin. Nice to meet you birthday boy!” he said as he extended his hand following with what was a very strong handshake gripping his dense powerful hands the big guy had, almost like rock or metal underneath his skin. “Dude you really know how to throw a party kid. Having a good time?”
“The best time ever so far man!” I shouted over the music, enthusiastically, excited to meet a new person. “So what brings you to out here to LA? Visit the good old professor here?” I asked eagerly.
“Well actually he’s here because he’s taken a position as in the athletic department as a specialty endurance and strength training coach for the athletes of the organized teams on campus.” Professor Drake had answered quickly for him with a smirk on his face. That’s strange, when did the athletic department need another coach to aid the athletic teams on campus since the university had already divulged all the funds to the major teams cheerleading obviously not being on the top of the priority list. 
In fact, this year the cheer teams’ scholarship fund was cut nearly in half because the department decided to put the funds towards hiring some Olympic ski champion as the new Assistant Athletic Director, which was totally bullshit since that lazy asshole didn’t need an assistant. On top of that, he assigned him as the supervising representative for the cheer program, which pissed all of us off especially our overly eccentric cheerleading coach. A part of me grew slightly resentful towards the supposed star whose presence this year put the cheer team in a financial crunch with the impact of the cutback. Asshole!
“Oh that’s nice, it would really help our mediocre football and basketball players.” I sneered at Pete jokingly back with what one would call my version of a Mean Girls fake smile.
“Well birthday boy, I hope you are taking it all in tonight, because I am also working with some of the cheerleaders too, so hope you cut back on your frat life once we start training.” soon to be Coach Rasputin replied as he grabbed two drinks from the bar, handed one to me, as well as Professor Drake, Bobby, it’s a old habit. He was my lab professor, which most lab teachers were younger students just out of school teaching.  Yet here I was, hanging out in a bar with him and his companion as we cheers and continued our toast to the night. This guy seems pretty cool, I like him. 
“So I am surprised to see your new arch nemesis is even here tonight.” Bobby stated 
“You mean whatever dipshit the athletic department hired?” I asked as he nodded simply in response. “They cut our scholarship in half just so they could bring in this fucking asshole…”
“Yes I know the story already kid!” Bobby remarked. “So, I hope you won’t get all Regina George on him, because it looks like he’s about to head this way.” 
“Do you guys know him too?” I asked.
“Kind of,” Pete replied. This was intriguing to me. What was the connection between these guys? 
“Good evening gentlemen!” my not so new friend said with a charming type smile. He definitely fit the qualities of Olympic champion, not as tall and big as my new friend Pete, but taller than myself, being I’m like five foot seven. Muscular, strong, good looking, many of the cheerleaders and sorority girls were drooling over the newcomers like fresh meat since most people in the party crowd tonight were mostly acquainted with each other already. “Bobby, Pete, good to see you again.”
“Likewise,” Bobby said as the shook hands with each other. “This is the birthday boy as well as the host of the night, Josh. Josh, meet Kyle.” We quickly exchanged hand shake as I took the quick moment to get a look at him. Kyle, the boyfriend of the star was around my height, dark black hair like mine, similar skin tone; however his complexion was a little lighter from my Mexican toned skin. He definitely wasn’t as muscular but toned, and leaner too. Made me like him a little less since it took me a lot of time just to be at the weight that I am now ever since I lost weight over the last two years from my huskier days. I started to just simply work out a little more and the pounds dropped and I toned up a little. 
Now it was time to meet the star, great! I turned preparing myself for another fake smile. I was held back as my eye met his genuinely kind smile while I examined the amazing physique and charismatic qualities he portrayed. Damn! I couldn’t help but be genuinely nice back, sensing something about this man was different, in a good way. I held my breath for a second as I noticed he had extended his hand out. I proceeded to do the same and as he grabbed for my hand, he smiled and said “Hi there, my name is Jean Paul.” 
We stood there silent for a moment still having our hands braced. We both could feel a strange surge of unusual energy flow through our hands as he met, not knowing why we had felt this sensation pulsating throughout me. Suddenly the tingling feeling had amplified itself inside quicker than a speeding bullet. It was some sort of super sixth sense. “Wow, you throw one hell of a party birthday boy!” he winked at me as we parted hands both thrown off by the sensation we had felt. What was going on with me? I must be pretty buzzed by now but that didn’t stop me from taking another swig.
I looked towards the outside balcony and decided to walk out there to take a glance. I quickly excused myself from the small group but not before getting one good look at Jean as I continued to speculate. I had noticed the clock on the wall to see we were less than twenty minutes away from the big moment. I could smell the amazing burning scent from the distance a group of my fraternity brothers all huddled together passing around another handmade cigar this time. I shuffled towards them to the beat in excitement. This will calm be down. “Hey guys!”
“It’s almost midnight. Get over here and join us before we head back in for the countdown!” shouted my good friend Justin. 
“Well the countdown will have to wait!” I gleamed with craving a drag.
“Hell yeah!” he replied as I joined the group for a few minutes. It was nice in the little area away from crowd inside the bar and dance floor. 
I continued to stare up into the night sky taking note of how luminous the color of the moon was tonight. Rather than the typical white or sometimes slightly red tinted color, tonight it was bright in the sky with a particular tint of blue, glimmering with a slight tint of green. Oddly enough dark clouds began forming during the warmest time of the year, yet there was a chill in the breeze. It was a beautiful and rare thing to see especially in Southern California. Roars of thunder engulfed the night sky causing most of the people on the patio to glance at the storm clouds cultivating above us. In that moment surges electrified every nerve inside almost like charges parading around especially in my eyes. 
Even though I was on the outside of the building now looking back in I could feel the energy and the movements inside the bar as people continued dancing or conversing amongst themselves with drink in hand. Everyone was in a happy celebratory mood as people begin to make their way towards the dance floor stage. Oh man! I can’t believe the time is almost here. In the next fifteen minutes, the big moment will finally arrive. It seems a bit much for twenty one, the nicer bar with dance floor, VIP booths, and a stage, but what better way than to do it in style. The intense euphoric feeling surged in my blood as the clock gets closer to the strike of midnight. 
I grooved my way back inside directly to the dance floor as Maroon Five’s “Moves Like Jagger” engulfed the ears of everyone inside the bar while they danced the night away. I never felt more alive in my life, like I could pick up a heavy object and toss it across the room; however I continued to dance rather than attempt something as outrageous as that. I may be pretty intoxicated at this point but I’m not that crazy. 
I began to wonder as I make my way slow towards the stage as I was directed to do prior to the midnight hour, what does the future in store for me? Still being such a young age, I have a full life ahead of me. 
As more thunder boasted outside and flashes of lightning continue to strike, it brought me back to that moment on the boardwalk with the fortune teller and the strange cryptic message she had said. It wasn’t just the words that she spoke, but how she presented it. It seemed almost as if something had taken over her body until one of my friends disrupted her fortune telling. It brought me back to the dreams I had been having over the past few months. Still most of the images fuzzy to me to this day and yet here I am at my amazing birthday bash tripping out over all this nonsense.  
“Will the birthday boy to be please start making his way to the front stage!” roared the DJ as he pointed all attention on me. I slowly made my way hesitantly towards the small little stage that faced the entire crowd of the dance floor area. Throughout the entire guest in attendance I could feel the true happiness and fun everyone had felt, as a number of people waived, stuck there hand out for a quick shake, and shouted. I strutted with an immense amount of overwhelming energy. As I reached the steps I took in a deep breath before I continued to take my next step up and onto the center stage. 
“Do a cheer, Do a cheer!” chanted a number of my fraternity brothers who for some reason always enjoy putting me on the spotlight. Of course they would get the entire room to join in the playful banter. They liked the fact that I was a male cheerleader and that I didn’t care of others’ opinion. Already feeling the need to do something with all this built up energy that I assumed was from the night of spirits, and to avoid doing some cheesy cheer, I quickly without a single ounce of hesitation set myself of to do a round off back tuck and to my surprise I had landed perfectly, which is rare in my case. Must be the spirits! I stood back up quickly in pure joy for even my fellow teammates were clapping with excitement since they rarely see me perform a running tumbling skill so sufficiently. “Thank you!” I shouted back to the crowd as I took noticed of everyone watching in anticipation for what is in reality just another excuse to throw a raging party.
“Let’s hear it for him!” the DJ announced in such a profound way I was speechless. “Ten, nine, eight…” he stared counting down eagerly in anticipation for midnight to hit. I can’t believe tonight I become an adult, officially. I could feel it down my very gut that even though this was just another birthday party, something was going to change the path my life, the very fate. There’s no turning back now, as glimpses of what my come to be started flashing through my mind faster than the flash of a strobe light. “Five, four, three, two, one…”
Chapter 2 The Stroke of Midnight

“Happy Birthday!” roared through the crowd. Twenty one years ago to this date I was born into this crazy world now a grown adult at least in the eyes of the law. Everyone here had focused their full attention on little old me all that was a true honor. Unfortunately seconds after the celebratory cheers, it was suddenly interrupted by the loudest clash of thunder and lightning that caused the entire bar to go completely dark as well as the majority of the street and surrounding buildings. The storms chaotic behavior appeared to have knocked out the electricity throughout the block. Screams of what were joyful now of terror once their sight was blinded completely inside the dark pitch black establishment. I stood there rock solid as I felt jolts of electricity surge throughout my body to the point where I felt absolutely paralyzed, but as the storm continued its symphonic wrath of thunder and lightning, my vision became blurred with a unbelievable sensation that had consumed me. 
I began having full visions, so real, like the dreams that had been keeping me up for nights had finally started to come together in a flash. Even as I felt restraint from the power surging through me, I had never felt so magnificent, so alive. I knew that whatever was happening to me I had to resist the urge of losing self control. I began to regain my normal sight a few minutes later finally making me capable of making out what had been taking place in front of me only to discover there was something was remarkably different about me. 
This wasn’t my normal eye sight, yet I could see things so clearer now, so vibrant now like blue tinted night vision goggles infused inside me, feeling both of my pupils glowing blue flowing with the energy of the remarkable essence. I realized that the lights were still off based of the reaction of the body movements around me but I could not get over the fact that I was able to make out every person in the room. I could hear the conversations amongst the group, frightened by the strange power outage caused by this most unusual summer thunderstorm. Some wanted to leave, others were trying to calm the bar compatriots down as the staff rushed around asking people to stay inside. 
I could see that everyone had started shuffling around in a panic, all except one that appeared bound to ground just as I was. As much as I tried to make the figure out in the dark, his face seemed to be perfectly cloaked, faceless almost. The only thing I could tell is he seemed to be having the same reaction to this phenomenon, consumed and constricted by this entity within. I tried to focus on the individual but at the most could only see a hint of two green glowing eyes, like dreams. 
I forced with all my might attempting to move, unsure of the reaction with the surges of power pulsating every cell down. Each movement signaled strange sensation from the one step, only for my left leg buckled as I took my next step almost making me collapse to the ground. Naturally I stuck my hand out to brace my fall in anticipation of a very ungraceful incident, but rather than just bracing my fall a sudden force came surging out of hand pushing myself back to an upright position, completely defy the typical laws of gravity. Did I just push myself off from the ground? No, it couldn’t be. Yet as I came to face the bar checking to see if anyone else had seen what might have just taken place, I had forgotten the fact that it was still pitch black inside. 
I wished there was something I could do as the voices in the crowd amplified now somehow clearly hearing the continued panic in fear of the pitch black dark bar and surrounding streets. I swear a voice inside me, so familiar yet this being the first time to ever hear such voices before, in a faint tone it said,
“Calm down. Calm these people down.” What the hell is going on I thought to myself as I grabbed my head as it rang. Calm down! How was I supposed to calm myself down let alone a large group of people? “The lights turn them back on. Harness the energy, and feel the lights, trust your instinct!” I don’t understand? Feel the lights said the voice, and that’s what I started doing. 
I closed my eyes and focused on the power for the entire block. Pulses and surges of phenomenal impulses flowed through my body as if it reacting and complying with the command of my thoughts and feelings. I opened my eyes hoping that my vision would go back to normal, and as I flickered my eyelid up I could see from the distance as each building and street light began to relight until the brightness of the bars neon signs broke the terrible darkness that had scared everyone nearly half to death. 
At that moment I could sense my fraternity brother behind the DJ booth with microphone in hand heading my way getting ready to address the crowd. I slowly looked back to see that I was exactly right, as I watched him heads towards me I began to walk backwards in a dismal pace, being as cautious as I could be. Something was different now. I could feel it, sense it. Whatever just took place was more than just a demonstration of Mother Nature’s power. My skin tingled with every sensation nearly heightened to beyond imaginable. I could feel the wind from the simple movement of the backdoor opening and closing. My vision became sharper and vibrant, and I was capable of hearing everything going on around me. Let’s not forget that last moment right before I stopped myself from collapsing, I felt through my very own hands a force coursing inside that I could feel each movement as it transpired. 
Then I felt the touch of hand pressing onto my shoulders as my friend held me for a second, and in that touch I could feel more than just a touch, but I could swear I could hear what he was thinking, feel what he was feeling at that very moment, which was like most of the people were at this point, panicked, however he needed me to speak to in order to calm down the chaotic crowd. Before he even had a chance to ask me a single request, I immediately said to him, “Get the crowd’s attention first.”
“Will do.” he replied instantly although I was lost on the stage completely dumbfounded by my new intuition. “Are you okay?”
“I’m alright, just stage freight.” I lied to him as I reached for my drink I had set down near my feet before the commotion of the stroke of midnight. 
“Everybody relax!” the DJ yelled through his microphone as he started to turn down the music that had continued playing once the power came back on. “It was just a power outage, now everybody let’s kick back, grab our drinks, and toast to the birthday boy here!” he announced as the crowd started to revive itself from the few minutes of darkness. 
After a few moments of quickly scattering around to grab the closest drink, the room’s vibe turned back into the raging great time as we all took our swigs in unison, or in my case, a chug. Whatever was happening to me, I can’t lie that it was awesome! I could feel as the ice cold liquid hit my lips and rushed down my throat at first with a cool sooth, followed by the warming sensation most spirits have. The crowd cheered once again as the music began to play. I watched still standing on the stage as my mind started to bring myself back to reality. I scanned the crowd once again, remembering as I reflected back the moments of restrain. 
Immediately I searched for the faceless person who I had noticed was under the same sort of trance I was in at that very moment. All I could remember were those fierce green eyes, yet as I looked at almost every individual in the bar not a single one fit the profile I was looking for, although I wasn’t too sure who I was looking for either. All I know is he had the same reaction as I did the minute the clock turned twelve. By the looks of it he wasn’t someone who was invited to this function, at least not personally by me, maybe a friend of a friend I didn’t happen to come across throughout the night. I didn’t help that the crowd had began shuffling back to the rhythm of the music that begin blasting again, but I was happy at least the party got back to normal and every seemed to be dancing or chit chatting again, at least for the meantime.
“Hey everyone, what can I say, thank you!” I began to shout as the DJ slickly hands me the microphone. “I am so happy everyone was able to come tonight! I don’t know about this crazy ass weather tonight, but not as crazy as this party is going to get tonight!” I boasted enthusiastically, knowing that I needed to get through the night and figure out what’s up when I had a chance to. I walked off the stage slowly as I took in each step with careful thought. Why did it feel so different to me, walking, talking, feeling, looking, seeing, touching? It was surreal, yet at the same time uncanny, marvelously flowing inside me. As I found my way to an open booth right next to the stage of the bar, I gazed outside to watch the storm continue in its symphonic thunderous clashing through the clouds as bolts of bright lightning filled the night skies. Let’s hope that this storm is the only strange thing to happen tonight. If I only knew at that time how wrong I truly was! 
I made my way back to socialize with my friends and acquaintances tonight, carefully trying to the control the pulsating nerves continuously like I was the energizer bunny that had one too many Monsters with vodka. Every step I took felt more and more vivacious, as the blast of the sound system’s bass soothed my skin by the touch. As I looked around the crowd, the changing of the dance floor lights had been as intense. I could see in my plain sight observing each light molecule change from one color to the other. On top of hearing the loud music playing, I somehow was managing to filter it out as I stepped closer to people in conversations sitting around the VIP dance tables. I have had my fair share of being on various levels of mental state of mind, but this was beyond anything natural. Spotting a table with clear space, I made my way directly to the table to sit down to collect my thoughts. Look at everyone, ten minutes ago they were terrified from the lights going out and now they are back to a very welcoming vibe. Congratulations of all kind came around as many of my dearest friends came up to wish me a happy twenty first birthday as others shouted from the dance floor with body gestures of pure excitement.  
Within minutes I felt a very cool, almost chilly hand suddenly surprise me from behind with a very cleaver quick shoulder massage to a masculine type hug. It took me only a second to recognize the person, my great mentor even though I only took one of his lab classes Professor Drake had joined me in the booth, with a big smile on his face. I took a second to really notice with my new found forty forty vision. Maybe a few feet taller than myself, with a medium slender build, he gave me a look any proud teacher would as they watch their pupil grow up, with a glimmer in his intense blue eyes and blond hair. I couldn’t help but give a shy smile as I broke eye contact, looking down for a quick second and taking a quick sigh. 
“Look at the birthday boy; I should say man, sitting here at his own party in the VIP booth. Who only knew a few semesters ago you would be one of the first of my students, and I’m watching you grow up right in front of me.” Bobby stated with a slight bit of sarcasm and witty humor as he reached around to hand he a delightful chilled Adios waiting for me.
“Professor, are you influencing the delinquency of a student, how risqué of you!” I snickered back with a big smile as I reached for the glass. “Besides, you were just my lab professor for one semester, but I will admit you were a great tutor for me as well. Thank you.” A statement that was very true since I began looking up to Bobby even more so when he tutored me the next semester, where we bonded real well even though he charged me like a dick.  
“I’m proud of you kid. You’re grown up. I mean look at this, you have really out done yourself.”
“So you’re proud I can throw a party, ha! That’s classic!” I laughed out loud.
“Well I will admit that this is one killer party man.” I heard from behind me as Bobby’s friend, Pete with the strong hand shake, as he scooted into the other seat at the table. “Happy twenty first birthday, do all these people here know you personally?” Pete inquired checking out the decently crowded bar. 
“That’s what I was just telling him.” Bobby remarked, “Look at these people here. They’re here for you, because you are good person Josh. Why else would all these people be here tonight?” he emphasized. “By the way, those are stunning blue contacts you have on.” he joked. Huh? What the hell is talking about?
“Well thank you Prof…”I stuttered “I mean Bobby. “Honestly most of these people I only know by association.” 
“You say that, but you are living the life kid. I wish Pete and I here had experienced this…” Bobby replied genuinely before cutting off the sentence hesitantly. I raised my drink to the two hinting another toast. “Cheers!”
“So…” Bobby had started to say before taking his drink, “I see all the usuals are here. Your frat bros, the sorority girls, the cheerleaders, and all your friends.” he listed as the three of us scanned the party goers.
“So I assume I will probably run into some of your groupies on campus when the new school year begins?” Pete asked. 
“Ha ha, yeah I guess you are. Good luck!” I chuckled. “Anyways, Bobby, I really appreciate you coming tonight. I know that you are more than just once my teacher, but a true friend as well.” Then turning my new body builder friend Pete, “and here’s to a new friendship,” I announced with true sincerity as I smiled at the two, somehow in the back of my mind knowing, I could sense that these two guys would forever be in my life along with all the other great people in my life. I was content. Still feeling incredibly abnormal since the stroke of midnight, I had felt calm controlling this surge of immense sensational energy. 
“Ah!” came screams from a handful of cheerleaders and sorority girls who had made their way to the booth to visit with us had made the three of us practically jump out of our seat. “Happy Birthday!” they gleamed fidgeting with delightful anticipation. The girls were excited to see fresh meat, new guys they haven’t had the chance to blow yet, a change from the usual group of guys they are used to and some of these girls have no hesitation flirting with young new facility members. Skanks!
“Come outside!” demanded one of my good friends. “Your frat brothers are requesting your presence; they have something special for you. A treat for you and anyone else who wants to partake.” she stated as she grabbed my hand pulling me out of my seat. I turned back to the other to guys. Bobby, knowing me well enough by now, quickly glanced at me with a funny grin knowing what to expect while Pete looked back and forth confused but very excited to join the good looking girls outside on the patio. I nodded at them while being dragged by my friend through the dance floor, the two to my surprise shuffled out of the seats pacing behind up to catch up with the cluster grooving to beat of the music making our way outside ready to enjoy a nice relaxing time as the events of the night lived on.
After the mission it took to get through the dance floor we had finally made it outside on the patio. For a summer night in August, it was exceptionally chilly as I looked upwards to the nightly sky which although was still filled with dark clouds, the thunder and lightning had calmed down from earlier. It had rained but barely enough to even dampen the seating on the patio. Filled with at least twelve people, we spread across in a circle comfortably as the layout was. Introductions and greetings extended around the group as one by one the joined in on the chit chatted amongst ourselves, enjoying the nicely hand rolled cigar. 
Laughter had filled the air as I leaned back into still standing on the railing that divided us from the sidewalk. We looked up as the sky slowly began to clear up as the moon glimmered through the dark clouds and the stars sparkled so bright with tints of light blue and green filling the beautiful night sky. Everything was in pure bliss at this point. I was still feeling amazing as ever, still engulfed with these new feelings and sensations since the anniversary of my birth twenty one years ago. The groups started swaying moving to the beat of the music playing in from the inside, everyone jumping to their feet dancing wildly, in other words, slutty!
My attention was abruptly interrupted when my new sixth sense blindsided me with shocking force waves alerting me. I could hear an unfamiliar voice from the distance, feeling conflicted, feeling desperate. What was going on with me? I looked to around to see a man lingering near the rail, staring, analyzing the group in front of him, or more importantly, our personal belongs. I realized he was referring to the purses that he had been evaluating, and in an instant he began to pick up speed darting directly for two purses in plain sight. 
With a quick reach and snatch the thief bolted away towards the alley way that ran behind the bar. Before anyone in the group had any time to react, and me being the closest to distance to the perpetrator, without any hesitation I hoped over the railing into the street, something that was highly unlike to do, but I had to do something. I took off after him, letting my instinct and surge on newfound energy take me over as I dive head in to what would be the beginning of the path that destiny had set for me at that moment.
Chapter 3 Ascension of a New Beginning

Bravery has never been a quality that I would say was ever defined attribute of mine, always being passive aggressive in most situations. Not to say that I can become very aggravated and defensive on the occasional heated moment having a short temper at times, but never to the point of physical confrontation. However tonight in this instance I had followed my new enhanced instinct and unnatural ability that alerted me to the petty thief’s agenda from his own thoughts, however I didn’t have to speculated why and what was happening inside me. 
I had seen that I not only had a responsibility to my friends but felt the urge pulsating inside me telling to me do what’s right, bringing me here not only by bravely, but foolishly as well. I leaped onto the sidewalk to chase this potentially dangerous criminal as he sprinted towards the alley way behind the venue with me in pursuit surprisingly at a faster pace than I ever could run before. Even with so many tiny obstacles ahead of me since this asshole continued tossing down any object I site hoping I would trip and fall on face. He was wrong! With what seemed like a few hops and bounds I was nearly a yard away from the scrappy looking purse thief. However he seemed to keep the distance between us frustrating me deeply. I looked around to find something to chuck at him when I noticed a trash can with a lid on top of it in perfect reach distance only a few yard ahead. Nope, he too had seen the trash can and knocked it to the ground.
“Damn you piece of shit!” I roared as I stuck my hand out in the direction of the lid trying to reach for it as I did a quick jump over the new obstacle in front of me. I still motioned with one hand reaching out for it wishing I had it in my hand when a surge had rushed through me as I felt a cold metal handle meet my hands. “Holy shit,” I whispered to myself out loud in utter shock still chasing after the bandit. Landing a good distance close to the purse snatcher, I paused to hopefully aim just right, and throw that trash lid as hard as I could like a Frisbee with all my strength. 
I watched it spiral ahead hoping that my lack of the typical male athletes abilities to throw and catch objects since I am a cheerleader only knowing how to catch people giving me a complete disadvantage in the typical athletic skill department. Off the lid went with impressive momentum as it crashed into the thief right in the calves. Ouch, that looked painful as he fell down to the pavement as I rushed towards him. Still he managed to scramble to his feet again, dropping the purses in hopes that I would stop since he returned this stolen items. Wrong again! 
I stopped in front of the purses where he had landed looking furiously at him then bringing my hand up towards his direction and down he went. I did it again! He flew several feet back much further than I anticipated. Stalking my feet towards him as my anger had reach an all time high, I roared, “Get back here,” while keeping my hands low in somewhat of a grab like motion pulling my arms backwards in place at a steady pace. Instantly that punk ass was dragging his hands into the ground, panicking being caught under this unexplainable powerful grip pulling his entire body backwards.
“What are you doing,” he screamed in terror. “What are you?” Suddenly his words caught my supernatural grip off guard releasing him a few feet away from me. “I dropped the purses man, please just let me go. I was desperate,” the thief pleaded.
“Why should I, you just stole from my friends and I hear my fraternity brothers coming up fast now ready to kick your fucking ass,” I threatened.
“Please I was just hungry, please it was a mistake!” he begged as he turned and looked me eye to eye. “Your eyes, why are they like that, why are they so blue?” Is he strung out, what in the world is he talking about? I’m Mexican, my eyes are naturally brown, yet this the second person to tell me I have blue eyes all of sudden? I gazed into the trembling eyes of a young man who knew he might face the wrath of a bunch of drunk and angry typical jock frat guys, I could hear him plea continuously without speaking one word out of his mouth, “I swear, I just wanted some food. I’m not a junkie or anything. Please don’t hurt me, I am sorry,” repeated in his head while we connected with our eye contact.
“Here, take this and go now,” I ordered easing up my defensive pose, handing him the money. “Hopefully enough for you not to have to be desperate enough to steal for awhile,” I ordered pausing for a brief moment as I extended my arm out to help the guy to his feet, his face in awe of my act of kindness. “I understand that life is hard, but no man should go without a meal, that would be inhumane of me.” A blank dumbfounded look came over the man’s face right before turning and running shouting,
“Thank you!” 
I turned to walk towards the small handful of guys who came running after me now, shouting at me. I returned to the group with all the purses in hand. Their offensive faces quickly changed to impressive looks of pure astonishment.
“What just happened?” asked Justin.
“Did you kick you just kick that guys ass?” inquired one of my team members from the cheer team.
“I just knocked him down and he dropped the purses,” I informed them calmly as if it was nothing.
“I must say how bad ass, you being the hero tonight! Must really be feeling great and enjoying yourself” he joked back hinting my brave act came from my inebriated state of mind.
“Hell yeah! Not only am I feeling incredibly ecstatic, but I am also ready for another drink. Boys, I need a refill, back to the bar,” I roared as we hustled quickly back inside the bar finding the girls who had been waiting anxiously awaiting our return. I handed them their purses as they looked at me astonished to see their stolen items. 
“Oh my god, you saved the night,” gleamed one for my girl friends from the sorority girls we hang out with. “I can’t believe you went after him. My hero,” she shouted hugging me along with the other girls. Chatter emerged throughout the crowd as they began to swarm around after gossip of the recent events quickly spread amongst the crowd, as well as social media with people quickly posting about the so far quite crazy party. 
After several minutes of my favorite game twenty one questions on top of randomly loud rooting from the guys who heard of my unnatural heroic act, I finally managed to find myself once again outside on the bar patio as most of the people had returned inside to see what all the commotion was about. Sometimes being the center of the scene can be quite overwhelming, and I was thankful to have a little time to myself to really figure out what the hell had been happening to me. 
If I recall correctly, which normally would be more difficult in my party state of mind, however I could see everything perfectly clear in my mind. Ever since the stroke of midnight, twenty one years from the night I was born, a crazy storm happens causing the lights to go out but more importantly the sudden restraint of my body in a surge of paralyzing force, that was until this random yet completely familiar Voice in my head practically instructs me to turn the electricity back on. All six of my senses were enhanced so vibrantly that I was seeing, hearing, and feeling things in a whole new perspective. I couldn’t lie to myself and say that I wasn’t enjoying my new found sensations that flowed immensely throughout my entire body, it was freaking awesome!
I took out a cig stashed in my pocket, lighting up quickly thankful I was alone for a smoke break.  I inhaled deeply eyeing the end of my hand roller cig lit at the very end, watching as flakes slowly deteriorated so majestically with the ends lit with yellow as it turned to ash. I would really like to believe that I was so intoxicated that I blacked out and dreamt everything that happened afterwards pinching my skin several times feeling it every time. I looked over my shoulder just to be absolutely sure I was alone. Then I scanned around the patio to find any small object insight. 
Surely enough, as I glanced at the edge of the patio where I had set my drink down prior to the fiasco, I took a deep breath and stuck my hand out in a cuplike grasp hoping that this was all happening in my mind. Yet the conflicting side of my subconscious knew how much I willed it, and with a jolt of tingle the drink made its way quickly through the air in a quaint dash right into my hand.”Incredible, absolutely incredible,” I shouted out loud. I scanned the bar area again, hoping I had more time to test my hypothesis. However, I watched a group casually walking out for a smoke break. I would have to wait until I was once again alone.  
It struck me that I had completely forgotten about my adventure this morning on the boardwalk, my encounter with the physic. I’ll have to go back there in the first thing in the morning, if this turns out not to be some crazed delusion, the very thing I was hoping for being I was have a very hard time believe what just happened. If I would call it by their formal names, did I just use telepathy and telekinesis? Why me? Why now? What was fate trying to tell me? 
All these questions circled my mind like a high speed races cars doing laps around the track in a big clutter of confusion. The timing of this paranormal anomaly couldn’t have come at a more inconvenient time, as I checked the neon clock inside to see that there was less than an hour left of my insane birthday bash, this one definitely one for the books. At least even with the chaotic events that had taken place tonight everything seemed to be getting back to normal, sort of.
The bar patrons began buying there last drinks as people went across the room saying their goodbyes. I started to walk in I was interrupted on the now empty balcony. To my surprise I met eye to eye with the man I was introduced to hours before this sudden turn of events, Jean Paul. For a moment we stood silently glancing at each other as I examined the star athlete standing before thoroughly for the first time tonight, noting the good looking qualities he was naturally gifted with. However, I could feel something inside him, something different that I somehow overlooked earlier as I gaze into the sparkle in his eyes. The aura around him felt so good and pure it was hard not to dislike him. His nice smile didn’t make that any easier. Shortly later he was with me on the empty patio.
“So, all are your events like this?” he asked intriguingly.
“They’re crazy usually, but tonight was something else, wasn’t it,” I replied.
“Thank you for the invite!”
“You’re welcome. I have a little bit of this hand rolled cig left if you want a drag,” I offered stumped on what to say.
“That depends, are you going to rat me out the athletic department? I hear you have it out for me, rumor has it.”
“Rumor has it I have it out for you,” I repeated with only one name that came to my mind, Bobby and his blabber mouth shaking my head as I extend my hand giving him the light hand rolled cig, smiling devilishly back. He wasn’t wrong but it wasn’t personal. I was just really outraged that the school never gave the sport of cheerleading the proper respect that it well deserved. I guess the hard work just wasn’t enough to cut our team’s scholarship fund for this guy’s made up job position.
“Since it’s a celebration, why not,” he answered with a little hesitation in his voice.
The two of us stood on the outside patio as the two of us stared of into the night sky silently enjoying the moment. In less than a few minutes we were joined by Professor Bobby, his friend Pete, and Jean’s boyfriend, Kyle. He nodded at Jean Paul indicating there time to depart and we said our goodbyes. “Hey, I’ll see you around campus! Besides, I am in charge of the cheer program now!” he stated enthusiastically, reminding me wanting to wipe the half fake smile on my face.
“Awesome,” I responded as nice as could in the moment. I shook it off as I was once again confronted by my number one mentor with a stern look on his face. Here we go, I thought to myself. 
“That was quite impressive of you tonight.” Bobby stated. I could feel my eyes slowly beginning their usual rolling routine when my old mentor came at me in this tone “Absolutely, completely and utterly foolish and dangerous! What if he was armed,” he lectured.
“I know, I know.” I quickly replied trying to simmer down the buzz kill. “I don’t know why but I had to do something. Maybe cause I am twisted right now, gives me courage, liquid courage I should say.”
“How did you manage to get him to return the stolen items?” he questioned skeptically. “From the end of the alley way we could see you two chasing each other until….”
“He tripped over his own two feet,” I answered before he could continue. Apparently the audience had observed some of the confrontation. “The guy was desperate, he didn’t want any trouble. He was starving to death. So I handed him some money I had in my pocket and told him to take off before the jocks of my frat house came with a bloody beat down,” I informed him which was true for the most part, excluding the few abnormal things that had come to light. We stood silently for a few moments sensing my mentor’s overall emotions and concerns for my wellbeing with a worried expression on his face.
“Well I can’t lie kid, you throw one hell of party. “ Bobby spoke, breaking our awkward silence. “My buddy Pete and I haven’t had this much fun in awhile. Thank you for inviting us tonight.”
“Of course, Professor” I genuinely replied as I once again glanced into Bobby’s eye, genuinely smiling back at him. “You really helped me out this last year of getting to know you. Aren’t you sad that you won’t have the pleasure of seeing me every day on campus, being I’m not longer your student,” I teased him now.
“You mean am I sad to see a little punk ass frat guy who was periodically late, sometimes hung-over, who spent more time on his cell phone and conversations than actual lab work?” he asked rhetorically. “Let’s not forgot that one time when you…”
“Hey there Professor,” I disputed, “That was only the first week or so, and I was recovering from an exhausting time at College Cheer Camp, plus I live in a fraternity house. I had to get back into school mode,” I ranted stumbling on my words trying so hard to no break out into pure laughter.
“Oh so I took you half of the semester to get back into school mode. You’re hilarious kid. Who knew I’d end up being friends with this cheerleader frat boy over here.” he boasted starting to laugh with me as we both reached for our drinks. “Cheers, to good friends!”
“Cheers, to good friends!” I repeated as we tapped our glasses together and both took a nice fat chug.
“Ice cold with a kick,” Bobby gloated. Just then our conversation was halted by the sound of the DJ announcing that it was last call for alcohol. I grabbed for my phone real quickly to see that the time was almost up for us at the bar. 
It dawned on me at that moment as we headed back inside that there was going to be an after party at the fraternity, which meant pretty much half of this crowd is probably going to be there as well. Not that I didn’t mind the fact that the night wasn’t over just yet, especially since it was still my twenty first birthday, but I needed some time to breathe and gather my thoughts, however the house wouldn’t be the place I could find any solitude.
Thankfully I quickly decided rather than return to the house in the limousine I would take the all too familiar walk through campus. Everyone would understand being tonight turned into one hell of night after my incident in the alley way. Not to mention the fact I had tendencies from time to time with a habit of mysteriously disappearing during random unannounced times; however those used to just be promiscuous adventures they needed not know about. 
I pounded down the drinks enjoying the last hour of our time in the bar, jumping back onto the dance floor to let a little steam off. Geez, I feel overwhelming amazing and euphoric, still having these enhanced sensation. I never felt more alive! I had even looked forward to walking back over the nice Hummer Limo that had originally brought us here. The shortcut to Greek Row was basically to cut through the campus only a few blocks away, and I had no hesitation walking at this time of night. My friends and I did it all the time, since the campus was pretty safe. Besides, there are those blue lamp posts with the panic button if you needed campus police. 
After several goodbyes as people left the bar to whatever destination it was, I headed out the door of the bar with a glide of anticipation. I was ecstatic, making my way across the street into the grass fields that lead directly into campus. As I made my way through the outside corridors reaching the familiar quad area surrounded by many trees, benches, and walkways, as well the social center for the Greek system territory between classes. I stopped and stood for a moment as I gazed into the night sky. Still partly cloudy, I sighed with relief. The surges and pulses began to tighten inside me. This new feeling, this new sensation, this new power, I had never felt better, more effervescent, more alive. 
Yet at the moment, when everything was silent and still and in the blink of an eye my liveliness would turn to mortal fear. My small amount of quite time had was quickly disrupted as blurs of figures emerged from the shadows, coming face to face with the most vicious dark red eyes of a strange humanlike creature that now stand in my path, as I gazed into the eyes of terror, of evil, of death!
Chapter 4 Fate in the Eyes of Death

Panic spread throughout me sending chills down my spine. The hairs on my skin stood upright sending signals throughout every nerve with my intuition now alerting me of the danger. I mentally prepared myself with only one thought in mind, to survive this insanely unforgettable night. I stood still staring face to face with the devilish figure before me that appeared out of nowhere now standing before me. It looked human but my new stellar instinct could feel the pail lifeless creature luring at me with pure homicidal craving and thirst in her red eyes. I inhaled and exhaled slowly, catching the unrecognizable scent confirming my suspicions that whatever stood in front of me was not human, at least not anymore. Could it really be? Is this actually happening? Am I going to die here to the hands of this monster blocking my path?
“Well hello there handsome.” whispered the slender brunette seductively as we gazed locking into each others’ eyes. She kept staring at me in oddly. “You smell absolutely delightful!” the non human stated lustfully almost as if attempting to lure me in.
“No thanks.” I snapped quickly trying to not breakdown, fearing my soon brutal death. I tried to go take a forty five degree around her in hopes I would be left in peace. Yet in a flash she was directly in front of me now showing off what appeared to be very sharp fangs. Fuck! This is really happening. “Sorry sister but you’re barking…..” before I could finish my sentence I felt a sharp pain in my stomach as her hand rapidly punched my stomach with her cold stone fist. They pounded on my flesh like a cold hard hammers slamming into a punching bag. I threw my hand out with all my might in a nice clenched fist, I punched the monster in the face, clearly knocking her a few feet back throwing her off, but in return she kicked so hard I flew back crash landing into one of the solid rock benches. Ouch!
“Trust your instinct, fight back and defend yourself, or they will kill you,” commanded the familiar Voice once again reappearing in my head out of nowhere. 
“You little shit. How did you block out my power of persuasion?” she sneered upset by lack of performance.
“I didn’t do…”
“That’s a pity for you!” she interrupted. “I was going to make this easy and painless without you feeling a thing, but now I’m going to enjoy tearing you apart in a slow, painful, agonizing death!” No, I won’t let it end like this, I refuse to die tonight! 
I arose quickly to my feet from the now broken stone bench disregarding the pain from the collision. I glared back at the bitch huffing and puffing when I thrust both hands out towards my attacker causing a surge of energy blasts to radiate from my palms through my fingertips as the cold bitch was sent flying airborne several yards away. Holy shit! Yet as I turned to make a run for it another figure, male, and also undead grabbed my throat lifting me up with all his might, pickup me up completely off the ground.
“This one’s different like they said.” roared the other attacker, anxiously holding back from engaging. 
“No, he’s mine!” she hissed rushing in an incredible speed, pushing me with full force then jumping on top of me with my body pinned to the ground. Fear took over but I forced myself to act finding my first opportunity to save myself from the murderous creatures. Pinned down into the concrete, I struggled immensely fighting to maneuver away from impact of the monster’s momentous strength, but it was no use. In seconds she lifted my arm and bit right through my flesh with ease feeling the sharp piercing for the two fangs. Her jaw locked on as tight as a pit-bull, clamping down violently on my upper arm. I screamed in fear as I watched here fangs rip through my flesh so quickly feeling her starting to devour the blood flowing throw my veins.   
Burning, the venom that dripped from the fangs now scorched the skin of the wounds, feeling the agonizing pain for those few seconds. Yet my screams of the burning sting of the evil monster’s venom were silenced when I noticed sizzling smoke began to rise from her mouth, apparently from her esophagus as she quickly withdrew her fangs grasping her neck tightly as if she was being choked from the inside, incinerating her throat from the inside out. What the fuck! In utter shock, she sank to her knees, for drinking my blood had a very opposite effect either of us had anticipated witnessing her disintegrating in front of my eyes. I jumped back up, holding my now bloody arm where my attackers’ fangs hand pierced me, keeping my eyes the other guests awaiting their next move.
“It’s you” the other vermin gasped blankly, bewildering over his colleague’s undoing. Now I sensed the fear that started to consume the deadly figure in front of me starting back in discontent. “I’m not dying by the hands of you!” Me, what the hell? I stood there still in shock when he charged me with much more velocity and might than the other creatures. He swung his arm out but I quickly ducked, standing up and kicking out my leg extending out in karate like fashion. Thank God I’m flexible thanks to cheerleading. Torn by emotions, I wanted to run for my life and just get to safety, but the other side of me surged with rage telling me to keep fighting, and fight back I did. 
I began swinging my arms and kicking with all my might, feeling the blast of energy flowing with each physical blow thrown giving them extra boosts of power. Finally after several minutes of hand to hand combat that I somehow instinctively mimicked from video games and movies, I motioned both hands with my palms out again pushing him with full force without even making physical contact, throwing him mid air. I knocked his ass out several yards away as he growled helplessly, unable to move by the paranormal force that I had projected from my mind. It worked, again, the telekinesis. I smiled wickedly pleased to see my enemy eat shit rolling uncontrollably until he slammed into a light posted, as I watched it collapse on top of him.
Without hesitation I took the opportunity I had seen earlier and jumped quickly to the nearest bench bounding with quite height and distance, meanwhile reaching out my hand for the large branch hanging loosely from the trees above. I look to see the undead man lifting up the large post that had fallen on him. I pulled my free hand with a motion inwards toward my body with my new defense weapon in hand. The power forced the assaulter’s body in a dragging motion backwards towards me unwillingly. With every effort, he turned his body clawing at the ground with all his might in hopes to break free from my grip, helplessly, only to land right less than a foot away from me. The familiar Voice said trust my instinct. Here we go! I flicked my wrist in a motion forcing his body to turn facing me once again. I punched my other arm with a burst of insane courage piercing the decently sharp tree branch into his chest, aiming for the heart. Instant deterioration! 
I turned to where bitch that bit me had fallen only to see red blood-like sparks and ash flickering though the air as a skeleton of what was once a ferocious bitch now slowly faded away. However I was faced again with two more of these soulless creatures, both hesitating to attack after seeing the outcome of my first two attackers, ash and dust. Rather than do an obvious telekinetic push, I rush towards the two without holding back. 
Quickly I grabbed another tree branch soon to be a stake. I felt the massive body collide with mine like two big rigs colliding head to head. This guy was much bigger than the others, and much stronger. He slammed me into to a tree, blocking me with his numerous blows to the face and stomach. Unable to drive the wooden branch into his heart, I aimed for anywhere I could reach, oddly enough managing to stake him right in crotch as he screamed in horrible pain trying to keep himself upright. Kicking him off me from his brace against the tree, I marched quickly up to the dickless wonder finding another defense weapon as I passed by the first stone bench I was thrown into. I reached out for one of the metal rods sticking out of the massive pile of stone. Whoosh! In a snap the metal had reached my hand with ease. My face was heated with anger and frustration. I remembered all the past folklore and stories of this pathetic demon in front of me, and hoped trusting this new instinct of survival works. 
I bashed his knee cap with the bar bringing him down to his knees, all the meanwhile he was holding his crotch struggling to pull the stake out. Here goes nothing! With a sword-like swooping motion the metal bar quickly ripped the flesh off his neck, slicing his throat as I watched as the his head departed from his body. I glared at the last of my foe now hiding in a distance, shaking tremendously. He was locked onto the drops of blood dripping from the open wound focused on a drop slowly hitting the ground. The thirst had taken the creature over. Did this one not see what happened to the bitch? I started walking at a slow threatening pace ready for round four. In a flash I watched him bolt the other way out of even my new found sight. The unforeseen battle was over finally over.
 Unbelievable, did this really just happen? Less than twenty four hours ago I was just a young adult, a college cheerleader. Why was this happening to me? Why now? I scanned the perimeter of the quad, now destroyed by the intense battle between myself and the undead. Fucking vampires! Could you imagine? My heart raced in my chest with excite, relief, and distress. As much as I wanted to just sit there and just break down after the events that have taken place, I did what any guy would do after a fight and hauled ass out of there. There was no time to question what was happening pacing frantically feeling the swelling of tears in the back of my eyes, holding them in from the traumatic attack that just took place. I just want to get home, to safety, to my room in the good old fraternity house, safe with my friends…
Oh shit! I completely forgot the after party! When was this night going to be over? At this point all I wanted to do was crawl into bed. I rushed at a good pace dodging most of the lit areas on campus, paranoid of surveillance cameras that might have captured the altercation. My mind flooded with so many thoughts making my way through the quiet and dark buildings of the campus, nervously watching my back every other second. 
Seeing the dim lights of street lamps nearby, I was relieved to hear the sound of faint music playing. I had reached Greek Row, but I changed my route. I knew I couldn’t just walk through the door in the condition I was in. Stopping for a second to catch my breath, I took my hand off my wound to check on the bleeding, to find that it was healing. Not in an instant manner, being I could still feel the pain and burning from the beating during combat, however not nearly as bad as the blood on my stained clothing made it out to be. I needed to get inside without anyone seeing me. 
In a classic move used to avoid the infamous walk of shame, I spotted my bedroom window which was secluded enough being on the backside of the house, waited until it was clear, and then made it to the window in such a silent speed as if I was gliding on air. After climbing through the window into my room, I could hear the sound of people still up partying throughout the house. I quickly locked my door and walked into my private bathroom and turned on the showerhead. After securely closing the window, I jumped into the warm shower as I let the warm water rises off my somewhat bruised body. “It doesn’t even look that bad.” I said out loud, astonished that I didn’t look like I was beaten the shit out of. 
I was not only thrown into a concrete bench, had my arm bitten through the flesh by some savage whore, yet there weren’t too many signs that I just survived the face of death. I survived the devilish beings that for so many years I believed never existed, creatures of fairy tales and folklore. But these ferocious murdering craving vampires were very much real. They appeared to live off the fear they instill into their victims, until they feed of the essence of life itself, on blood. Except for my blood however, I learned tonight, is their poison, and I was now their newest threat, their enemy!
Chapter 5 Grand Hall Under the Canyons

I stared into the mirror after showering off now focusing on the stains of blood off my nice new shirt that I had worn for the birthday bash laying on the floor. I wanted to believe it was a hallucination induced clearly from the festivities and celebrations that took place up throughout the adventurous day pre partying it up! However I was sadly disappointed as a few bruises remained on my stomach, chest, and back all aching from the painful brawl. After careful examination I was in the clear for the most part. The bite marks now looked as if a small spider had bitten me compared to the larger holes from the vicious bitch vampire’s fangs, all unfortunate constant physical and mental reminders that everything that happened was all too real. 
Another physical change was confirmed the second I looked directly face to face with my reflection, discovering the surging blue essence flowing in my pupils. “Holy shit,” I moaned, unsure what to make of it all. I could feel the radiant aura flowing through these now vibrant and brilliant new eyes, abnormal to what any normal blue eyed person’s looked like. The blue essence spun rapidly in an energetic spiral as I could see what appeared to be various elements mixed with a cloudlike form as bolts flashed out in peaks moments. Incredible! 
Yet I began to panic, needing some sort of instant remedy to return them to a normal color of dark brown. I closed my eyes, squeezing them so hard harnessing the charge, commanding the entity flowing inside me to return to its natural form. I held my breath right before my eyelids split. My jaw dropped as I opened them completely speechless. It worked. I did it! Thankful the brown natural eye color remained intact after a few minutes while I continued to get ready for party round three. It would have to do for now, for this night wasn’t quite over. 
I quickly rejoined the party in the living room with some bullshit excuses about my absence. Everyone was gullible enough not to even question the falsified story of my mysterious disappearance especially since most of them were also on other levels, most still drinking the night away. Without little hesitation, I joined in with the group lounging around hoping to calm my nerves a little. Well, I tried, drink after drink only to realize forty minutes later finding myself constantly pacing back and front the outside of the house, watching for anything suspicious that my lurk in the dark night. I slowly puffed on another hand rolled cig reminiscing on all the events that had taken place tonight. At times I was interrupted by friends joining me outside for a smoke break themselves, which I didn’t mind at first, until a thought came to my mind as I watched some people start to leave the house to make their way home. 
What if they followed me here? What if they try killing one of my friends? Why is this happening to me? Questions stacked up in my head trying to piece together what has caused this tremendous transformation that has taken place. At one point I heard a noise in the bushes, and throwing my hands out I slightly knocked over the plant with nothing behind it. Damn! Realizing how late in the morning it was when I caught the glow of the sun starting to rise in east, I knew it was time yet again the daylight return. I finally turned in, closing my room door and climbing into bed at last. Finally the night ended. Please just be a really bad dream! In seconds I was out, finally resting securely in the safety of my home, at peace.
The morning came quickly. I was surprised how refreshed I had felt waking up, yet still haunted by intense and crazed dreams. Glimpses of what appeared to be large rocks and boulders falling fast towards me followed with blurs of blue and green flashing lights kept replaying in my mind as I got ready for the day. What the hell was going on with me? First the voices inside my head last night, the demonstration of a supernatural gift and my blood seems to have the opposite vampires. All of this nonsense in one night, what the hell is going on? I need answers, fast!
I quickly showered again and got ready to hit the beach. It was still my birthday and my friends had already planned a brunch so we headed to the Venice Boardwalk once again. I ended up taking a taxi on purpose informing everyone that I would meet them at our usual restaurant. I had arranged ample time to make a quick detour to visit the one person who knew something.
I arrived to the boardwalk hours before our meeting time, as I rummaged through the crowds of tourist and beach dwellers eager to find the fortune teller that had ranted at me the day prior. I took me awhile until I could hear here, meditating inside one of the small businesses along the walkway. The sign in the front read Madam le Faye, True Fortune Teller of the Beyond. Faye? That is an interesting name. 
I entered the room that was covered by drapery typically is found in any fortune teller establishment. I must say, this Madam had a legit style to the décor unlike the crazed crack heads who think they’re seeing the future but rather being high and ranting nonsense. The old grey haired woman wearing goggle looking glasses sat at the end of the table in front of me as I gazed at her with unease. In front of her on the small round cloth covered table stood what appeared to be a crystal ball. Oh boy, here we go. This trip better be worth it. 
Without even moving an inch she spoke in a quiet and settle voice, “Would you get the door please?” I did as she asked, however I chose to use my new supernatural ability, motioning with my two fingers for the door to close shut. She had not reaction to my abnormal way of doing as she had requested.
“You seem to be natural already” the teller finally blurted after I had taken my seat in front of her waiting before she spoke carefully. “You have come back for answers. Are you sure you are ready?”
“What am I?” I snapped at her quickly not answering her unanswerable question, one she struggled to answer herself, tacitly going through her words. 
“You are something I have never encountered before, something new, different, powerful. The light essence that is flowing inside you is rarest of mystical energy I have every felt. I cannot tell you what you are for that is an answer I not even know. I believe you have to discover this on your own. The question is my dear boy, do you have to courage to leap into the summoning of your fate and destiny?” she asked blatantly not expecting an answer.
“Am I human?” I asked feeling that was as much as she could explain.
“Yes, that much I can say. If you want to know more, you must look for yourself,” hinting at the crystal ball. “You have shown much bravery in the past few hours alone, and if you are ready to see what lies ahead on your path for destiny, then use that light that surges through you and take a look for yourself.”
I inhaled a deep breath placing both my hands on the clear glass globe with my palms open. The room brightened instantly, as each candle in the room flickered simultaneously. The ball itself glowed so magnificently with the same blue aura in my eyes, now feeling that energy consume me once more feeling it pulsating around in the pupils. Images emerged showing views of what appeared to be the nearby canyon road. They reminded me of look out spots I may have hiked through one or twice. The places seemed so familiar in my mind yet were places I had never been to in my life. I could see myself walking through what looked like woods and trees, then finding a tunnel hidden amongst hills. Sounds of thunder clashed threw the room as I continued my visions and journey through this crystal ball and the power it amplified. 
“The Chosen One,” the fortune teller expressed. Her jaw dropped but I wasn’t sure if it had anything to do with the visions. Or was it because this immense powerful being that sat in front of her. Why didn’t she know what I was? Yet she knew I had some sort of power, a light she said that flowed throughout me. These facts were as much as real, for I still had felt my new sensations throughout the day. The feelings, thoughts, and the sensations were uncanny. Everything that had manifested the night before still remained when I woke up this morning, fighting myself internally convincing myself that it was just a hallucination from the extended festivities of the night only to find myself sitting here using these incredible and all too real abilities to find answers I seek. 
She looked up as we met eye to eye. “You must go to this place hidden close by. As soon as you can, then there you will find your answers. You know what to look for.  Good luck on your journey,” she emphasized dismissively. I stood up placing my hands off by my sides, unlocking the powerful grip the crystal ball had over me. I hurried out back into the warmth and brightness of the sunshine back outside as I look upon the beautiful Pacific Ocean in front of me. As I walked out the gloomy establishment the doors slammed swiftly behind me. Looks like the fortune teller of all was more than she lead on to be. 
I hurried through brunch with my friends anxious since there were more pressing matters at hand that I needed to tend to. I headed back to my car once arriving back at the fraternity house, driving quickly onto the highway having some direction of where I needed to go. This tunnel I was shown so many times laid somewhere hidden deep inside the Santa Monica Mountains. I found myself off a small old road that was no longer used much anymore five minutes out once I made my way through the winding road of the canyons. I stopped at what appeared to be a dead end but the road was still accessible. I continued on the road for another minute then parked the car, thankful the area was heavy covered with trees and shrubbery. 
I head down the dirt path not knowing how far away I was from the main road, hiking the terrain. It took about fifteen minutes as I slowly paced myself down the pathway scanning around. It was well maintained for an abandoned dirt road. I should have jumped in my car and drove my lazy ass back down here but who knew when it came to these deserted areas. Soon I arrived to an area where there were solid cluster of boulder surrounding the dirt pathway. I searched around until I found layers of shrubs on the side of the massive stones. 
Hidden on the side of the boulder cluster was a large entrance to what appeared to be a cave, there very same one that I had taken over my mind during my telepathic ride in the crystal ball. It was camouflaged with numerous vines that had grown over it throughout the years this tunnel has existed based on the lack of any other activity here minus the perfect dirt road. I approached the greenery ready to give it a little push out of the way when the vines separated on their own, revealing the covered entrance bending every so tightly back as if directing me to walk in so they can retake their normal state. I should have been shocked by this act of illusion, but it wasn’t the strangest thing that had occurred ever since I turned twenty one. 
I walked cautiously, holding my breath at times concentrating on every step. I listened, looked, felt, and scanned for any sign of trouble now having doubts about my decision to walk into a dark tunnel out in the middle of nowhere. This tunnel seemed to be very well supported curved perfectly as it descending downward, wide enough for a car to come in one way although I had no idea the time. Would the protecting vines have opened for a car speeding in with me inside like it did when I walked through? I’ll keep that in mind. 
As I made my way down I was surprised that I didn’t have to use my super new vision through the darkness. Light in the tunnels began to turn on as I made my way through, not candle lights either, regular electric panel lights. Strange! The tunnel widely opened up as I walked up towards two large pillars you would see in Greece and Rome ancient structure, holding up the entrance to what was a very large dark hallow space, examining the pillars before I submerged into the unknown place. What would I find as I courageously stormed into the space, feeling the concrete now change to a stone tile form as I made slow steps into the void? 
The lights flickered on as I stood in front of a massive hallway, also made of stone pillars looking neatly designed and quite modernized. Amazing! I walked further into the massive space larger enough to fit a football stadium. I paced slowly making my way deeper see across the chamber when I noticed book shelves on both ends before the large wall. I spotted at center of the large wall was another open space. 
It appeared to be a smaller room steps up from the floor but still part of the hall itself. Already furnished with chairs, a table made of the very stone that held up the underground fortress, which was magnificent in itself. The walls that didn’t have books covered with them were colored with mixtures of white and blue granite like texture, finally approaching the other room where the table was placed. My intuition led my hands right to the stone surface. I was right, and with the touch of my hand the hologram of what appeared stone now vanished opening up revealing the concealed area. 
Behind the large wall of the hall was another add-on room that obviously installed after the hall was first built. Completely modernized in every possible way it was filled with all the essentials, computer system, television monitors, stereo surround speakers, even a bathroom to one side and a small sleeping area to the other. “What is this place?” I asked myself rhetorically in this empty room, not expecting an answer.
“I see you have finally found your way here, to find out the truth, to find answers.” The familiar yet unknown and invisible Voice in my head stated.
“You,” I exclaimed.
“This was once an ancient temple to the beings that walked this very ground before humanity inhibited this land. Abandon for hundreds of years until legends and myths spread of your ascension into the new millennium, a group of powerful entities returned preparing this Grand Hall you will call it, a secretive safe ground, all for you to prepare.” It finally occurred to me during his lecturing that he was communicating through the sound system unlike the other times before. 
“Prepare, for what?” I inquired impatiently as hundreds of questions flooded my mind trying to grasp the reality that is very much taking place at this moment.
“Dark times will come. You have already seen one of the many types of dark, dangerous, and murderous creatures that you will come across along your path to destiny. They now see the threat you hold, only having your abilities for mere hours. You have no idea what you really are, what you are capable of, and what power lies within in you. Just as well, you will come across those similar to you, good, powerful in their own ways. Creatures of good, for this battle you face will not be a lonely one, for you will discover allies who will guide you at your side along this difficult path of greatness.”
“And you do? How do you know all this?” I demanded. “Who are you?”
“In time you will understand and know who I am and why I came to you on this very day. You must discover on your own who you are, for the path of fate rest on the choices you make. That is why are to inherit this very sacred place and ancient place. A safe house, land bound by blood magic that runs through your veins. No one shall enter the Grand Hall with any intent of harm doing.”
“If I have to discover the path to my own destiny, why did you come to me at all? Why did you save me from the vampires? Why is my blood capable of killing them rather than hurting them?” I blurted out continuously in the very empty room, now expecting a response.
“You saved yourself with your own gifts, your own intuition and your own skills. I merely guided you along the way. I have left you this hall, upgraded evidentially with the state-of-the-art advance technology of this era. In time you would discover this Grand Hall requires the necessary tools and resources you need to guide you along the way. This is where you will learn and train to control your powers and abilities, to understand your very existence and to follow the path that destiny has handed you. Soon you will know why the blood that runs through you is poisonous to many creatures of the dark, and you will see that you are something else, something different, something power, something special!”
“Am I……”  I started saying.
“Yes, although you are something so much more, remember this. What makes you so special and unique above all else is not the power that flows through you that makes your powerful, it is your humanity! That human compassion, caring, and the will of man inside you will lead you the right way. Do not lose your humanity to this power, for the true path that leads to your greatness does not reply on incredible strength and knowledge, but the choices you make from your heart, the righteous path. Noble acts of kindness as well as dignity and honor for humanity is what leads you on a journey in which you become more powerful than you ever imagined, for one day the fate of the world, the human race, and very existence itself will one day rest in your hands. The real question is, do you have the courage and true bravery to be ready for what lies ahead?” Every nerve in my body tingled as this essence flowing through my blood veins rushed throughout my body, pulsating and surging my very senses, already knowing the answer. I sighed, breaking the silence in large space that had now been given to me. I simply nod in response to the life changing ultimatum, agreeing instantly with the familiar yet unknown voice awaiting my reply. Flicker from the desktop computer station drew my attention as clearly the system began to boot up as I noticed hologram projectors surround the massively large hall.
“Good, let’s begin!”
Chapter 6 The Faceless Foe

A few months later…
Life as I had once remember it, the normal human life that I had originally presumed was already difficult and complicated, now was a distant memory. The useful Grand Hall became my daily stop and hangout, spending hours upon hours training, meditating, and learning so much in a small amount of time. My new base of operation had been very helpful have some safe ground what came shortly after the ascension of my newfound gifts. Every night since then I became a magnet for danger and near death. The vampires had continued stalking me around attempting each night to take my life with small groups at a time hunting me down by the orders of the vampire race’s governing body.
I researched for hours using the resources handed to me, taking in as much as I can about my new dead foes. There are so many different tales and legends about vampires it took me some time and observation on the field having in order to gain some solid background information. For one thing, as much as I wanted to believe in the love romance novels that talk about the rare breed that sparkled, didn’t feed off humans, and walk in the sunlight and shine magnificently from diamond skin, total fiction. Too bad, that would have been a lovely thought, but I was Team Jacob anyways. Many stereotypes surrounding them were quite true however. Their thirst for human blood and murder was very real, as well as the stuff about wood and silver.  I was never quite sure on crucifixes and holy water since I hadn’t been to church for awhile even though I was born and raised catholic like most Hispanic families, for personal differences, therefore I never made an attempt to acquire any of those items. 
The Grand Hall had prepared me on my mission against these violent vamps. I came across a vault that had been filled with all sorts of unique weapons designed to fight the very things that lurk in the dark. A few cross bows, silver plated stakes, a few knifes and two daggers. Whoever had set this once ancient place up had really taken great effort into upgrading the facility that was obviously designed for my needs, almost as if it were programmed specifically for me. After weeks studying up on the vampires with all the information available to me inside the hall, I managed to gather more details on this hierarchy, discovering that the leaders of the vamps acknowledge my existence as the very threat to their existence. You’ve got that right! 
As persistent as this organization was to obliterate me, they held back for a few weeks after the end result of my continuous survival. I feared more and more once I started logging each attack as they kept getting closer to my home and campus on random occasions. When the assaults started again I had distanced myself from almost everyone close to my, in fear that the higher ups in the vampire authority would start targeting people I loved and cared for. As luck would have it, I was able to seclude myself from the outside world, using several excuses about my absence. I hated it, actual missing the mortality of my previous life, the carelessness, the excitement of socializing and college cheerleading, the struggles of already being abnormal which were mere irritations to the fatal life that I now lived. 
My typical days now consisted of mornings at school, afternoons involved with whatever activities I had obligations to that I couldn’t talk my way out of, like cheer practice, games and events, as the few fraternity events that I did my best to schedule in before twilight, when my new life schedule would take over, either defending my life or long nights training in the Grand Hall. 
However, in that time I discovered much about myself. I learned that I had acquired the incredibly uncanny types of supernatural gifts, not only heightening all my senses, but granting me the ability of telekinesis that slightly enhanced my speed and strength through the telekinetic force. I had even begun learning to create a telekinetic shield pushed throughout my body, no longer it only being motioned through just my hands. It was intense! 
My telepathy had also enhanced, something that although was a useful power turned out to be quite annoying and much harder to control especially at times when my mental guard was down. Too many thoughts and brainwaves flow through the air sometimes deafening my regular hearing and thought process. I managed to control that too. It’s hard to define the other enhancements, like the dreams that often take place, as well as the sixth sense that would warm me of danger nearby at any given time. 
The infamous Voice would hint at my potential for more amazing abilities, talks of elemental manipulation, control, and conjuring. Being that the Voice only came once or twice after our initial conversation through the speaker system of the Grand Hall, no longer inside my head; I was pretty much on my own. I was also showing so hints of technopathy, something not very common or even known, was another gift I gained, being able to talk to computers, lights, machines, anything that was electronic, so far. That is how I was most likely how I was able to turn the electricity the night of my birthday, my ascension into this new supernatural world. 
As conflicted as I was with everything that has taken place, I had never felt more alive, a whole new version of myself. I wanted to hate the changes that had taken place, but at the same time it was an intense rush I struggled to resist. Especially since I knew one thing, the very blood that had flowed through my veins was the very fruit of pure poison to the vampire race, still irresistible at the very scent, but a poisonous blood that burned with the touch of a few drops, making me the number one threat to the very existence of the vampire race.
Ever since my ascension into this supernatural world, an underground world living amongst us hidden so well from the human race, random murders throughout the Greater Los Angeles Area was at an all time spike. Cover up stories the police had fed to the media, altering scenarios of discovered carcasses being drained to death, fabricating as many details as possible. Thankfully I had the computer in the Grand Hall, which had granted me access to information not open to the general public, right at my fingertips. The governing body of the undead must be behind all this, even the cover-ups, if they are as powerful as I predicted. 
It was time to turn the tables around! I began dressing up in dark black outfits with compartment pockets like a secret agent lurking and hiding in the shadows of the streets of Los Angeles at nightfall. I would choose different areas close by to where these unusual murders had taken place. I’d find myself perching above on rooftops, watching the neighborhoods with my enhanced vision, looking out for these dangerous creatures luring the streets at night, hunting their pray. Now I who was once hunted finally became the hunter defending the humans from these ferocious monsters. I vowed that I would never want any human to suffer that burning pain that fear and terror, and the inevitable fate of death or worse, turned into one of them. The Grand Hall had prepared me well, instructing me well to now become this protector of the night, killing as many vampires I encountered stopping them seconds before another innocent life was lost. I didn’t need much sleep with my new power, extending all types of energy throughout body, as if I had four Monster Energy Drinks following through every day. It still felt great!
Tonight I had perched at the top of a rooftop in the Hollywood area near some studios and industrial businesses. I waited anxiously at times closing my eyes listening for them, trying to feel their presence through the wind hoping to pick up the scent of another leech. Tonight this area would be filled with many socialites from the university, since many mixers and social exchanges were taking place at this very moment. Many of my close friends were nearby and I feared what potential fatal death could possibly await any one of them. I wouldn’t let that happen, not on my watch! Sure enough, I picked up a vampire nearby getting a glimpse of a sorority girl in her lettered shirt being seduced by what she thought was another one night fling. If only she knew it would turn out to be death calling for her innocent life, as her dark seducer prepares to drain the girl dry. Showtime! I leaped spontaneously from my perched stance onto the next rooftop, heading right for the alley way nearby. 
After a graceful bound in the air landing onto the ground I moved into the dark shadow, watching the lustful couple I could hear kissing and panting in passionate heat leaning against the wall adjacent to the very spot I landed. Thankfully the girl was still alive, so involved in her public display of affection to realizing that cold skin that she had pressed on was waiting any second to tear right into the dumb brunette’s revealed neck. What a hoe!
“Yeah baby, you like that?” the vermin asked the intoxicated lush.
“Yes, harder!” she screamed desperately. “Right here,” Some of these girls have no shame, I mean do it right here in a dark alley!
“It’s quite tacky you know, fucking in an alley with you letters on, sweetie!” I sneered in a low domineering voice. The two jumped surprised by my unexpected presence.
“Go away you fucking pervert!” the bitch shouted viciously at me.
“Technically I was standing here first you stupid bitch! Besides, I’m not the one you should be afraid of!” I growled back as she turned her head towards the guy she obviously didn’t get a good look at when she brought him out for a quickie. Now he glared down at her lustfully with his fangs out, eyes now turned into the natural color of red, dimmed as I learned from the amount of substance is in them, staring first at me then at his prey.
“The man is right you know,” he hissed as he tried to squeeze her shoulders tighter into him.
“Ah…” the girl screamed now faced by death. I waived my hand instantly silencing the slutty girl.
“Run along little girl, now!” I commanded as she turned dashing the opposite way running towards the street lights. He moved quickly knocking the girl to down to the ground. He leaped for her in a final attempt to feed of the girl. Motioning one hand backwards in a grip-like manner while pushing the other forward, I forced the vampire back while I sent the girl rolling down a safe distance away from sight. Turning in a flash I leaped high into the air with a powerful blast, forward tucking then kicking one leg into the vampire’s lower back. Landing my back foot onto his now bent knee, I pinned the beast down as I heard multiple rips and tears of his flesh and body break planking my body weight into his lower back. Before he knew it, my silver stake already in hand was swiftly stabbed right through upper back, now standing up on my two feet as he incinerated into ash and dust. Ah, just another nights’ work. 
I walked towards the street now feeling that I should call it in for a night, but that quickly changed as my sixth sense took over. I felt movement a block away alerted by the faint sound of a glass shattering in the distance, a window perhaps. I jump to my feet into a quick bound thrusting myself from one building to another, pushing thru my feet then using the telekinesis to brace my landing. This is new! When did bloodsuckers become burglars? I watched as three synced dressed vampires, skilled, running in and out of a small studio type building. Out of the shadows a cloaked figure emerged. At first I thought it to be another vampire, but I could sense his heartbeat, his life. He turned toward my direction, which to the human eye wouldn’t be visible, pausing as if he could sense my presence in the shadows. 
This dark hooded figure gazed with bright green eyes, paused instructing the three vampires to proceed with their break in. I jumped to the sidewalk now pacing towards the building, finding some dark areas in the shadows between the buildings, now only yards away. In minutes the group emerged, holding what looked like computer hard drives and paper files. The hooded figured whispered something to the three bloodsuckers, something that had them zooming off while he stalked slowly, walking in a self absorbed stride heading in my direction.
“Well well! What a surprise,“ He cockily remarked, “if it isn’t the Chosen One! I didn’t plan on meeting you so soon. I am impressed.”
“Who the hell are you?” I asked trying to make out the cloaked figures face, focusing on the vibrant green essence that flowed through him. Was he like me?
“Your worst nightmare” he boasted raising his hand quickly I was pulled backward with immense force, pushing me into the brick wall sliding down in pain. He marched quickly toward me. I rolled over to my feet distracting him enough to return fire. He’s like me! 
Rising to his feet he without another word, I could feel the rage that had built up inside as he threw both hands up just as I did pushing out throwing with all my might. For the first time my telekinetic became a visible stream of projected energy, both meeting in the middle, my side glowing with the essence of blue, his spark of green. Gripping with every ounce of energy built up we both were at a draw, when we were both thrown back the collision of our kinetic power. Within seconds the three vampires returned, one of them grabbing their companion before being knocked out by the impact.
“Oh hell no, mother fucker!” I cursed rising from the ground charging with all my strength, pushing through each step with graceful force, keeping my hands near my sides ready at the slightest indication of another telekinetic move.
“Bravery, how noble of you!” he shouted in unison with myself, both charging head on hold no restraint. Within seconds we met face to face as my fist collided with his face with is met with my stomach. I thrust my bent knee hard in the stomach while head butting him, flinging my head back, distancing me from my faceless foe as he stumbled to his stance.
“My turn,” I stated as I barraged him with numerous blast of this invisible force surging throw my fingertips. Throwing his arms up, he deflected a few of my attacks but was eventually knocked to his feet, barrel-rolling into the building at the end of the alley way. Distracted by my uncontrollable need to bring my enemy to his knees, a sudden blow to the back pushed me forwards as his backup henchmen had returned. Fucking vampires! Feeling his quick steps towards me, I reached into my pocket holding a nicely sharpened dagger made of silver blade, tossed it behind my head with hopes it would strike down the very strong attacker behind me. Instantly the blade pierced right through the geared up assassin, directly through the heart then the blade snapped back into my hands instantly. I scramble up point my weapon at the direction of my fellow magical friend glaring at my quick defensive skills.
“Impressive, you’ve been practicing cheerleader!” he sneered, eyes fierce green with anger, throwing attacks of powerful force once again. I held to the blade up, absorbing the energy being used against me, to my surprise was actually working as I conjured up all the power within me, surging it through the already powered up dagger, now being used as an instrument of incredible power.
“That is enough, pagan!” I roared back then engaging my enemy sending such a magnetic now visible power it caused the ground and the walls surround us to shack in the ally way battle. Petrified by the charge, my foe stood in shock by the unsusceptible resistance I put up against him. “I asked you, a question prick, who are you?”
“Pagan is that what you think…” he started laughing as I held him down my dagger hand upright in place. “You have no clue, no idea what we are!”
“And you do?” I demanded.
“Enough to know that you and I are much more than just sorcerers or pagans you fool. I’ve been watching you for a long time, taking to these streets at night, saving the lives of the so called innocent acting like an acolyte of humanity on some holy mission to save mankind when the reality is they wouldn’t give two shits if you saved the world as many times as you want, they’ll always treat you differently, just a strange male cheerleader like the always have, when you have the power to do whatever you want!”
“I never said I was on a holy mission.” I snapped instantly tempered by his somewhat true statement, “I am just doing what is right, regardless of anyone else opinion my megalomaniac friend. We may be gifted but we aren’t gods!”  
“Well said mighty acolyte. It’s a shame we won’t get to finish our conversation, one I am looking forward to in the near future. However tonight is not the time for that, since you have much more pressing to attend to,” he moved backwards slowly as more blurred figures arrived circling around me as the Faceless Foe careful steps behind them, “gentlemen!” Oh shit! 
Within seconds I was charged into the brick wall of building behind me. For some reason, they seemed to have a proclivity of throwing me into large objects with momentous blows of swift kicks and punches striking several times within a few minutes alone. I leaped in the air turning sideways with both feet approaching my newest attacker’s chest that had stopped in front of me. Bending and kicking with both legs, I sent him airborne as I went down landing on my bottom then, with a ninja like reflexes I swung my arms back pushing myself off the concrete ground and was on my feet in a defensive stance. Yet the second bloodsucker used the foreseen distraction, grasping my entire body with both arms, squeezing my insides in the more gruesome of pains. I struggled but the beast’s incredible strength had pinned me into his clutches. The other vampire leaped so quickly and started to beat me insanely with full rage. These vamps truly do hate me. 
I surged all the energy flowing inside me inward preparing to repulse my telekinetic force to release me from the tight grasp of the undead man, but a frosty chill in the air interrupted this scuffle. The punching and jabbing had ended as I watched the vampire faced in front of me now punctured by what appeared to be a large spike of solid ice formed like a stake. What the hell? 
Using this extraordinary distraction I flipped my silver blade as the beast loosened his grip and stabbed the vampire holding me by the thy, making him scream in terrible pain as I landed on my feet, turning towards him, motioning for my dagger to quickly return then instantly chuck the dagger into the beast chest, and down he went flickering into incinerated red ash and dust. I turned hearing the slow screams of the other vampire now holding himself trying to dismantle the large ice spike that now pierced his dead heart. 
I look towards the direction that my new cloaked green eyed Faceless Foe to only to discover he and his last remaining undead groupies already fled the scene. I could see there was a certain vampire always at his side was protecting him. I feel as if I have crossed paths with this bloodsucker before. Who was this mysterious hooded figure, being a supernatural and gifted creature like myself, and why the hell was he after me? Why was he running around with what looked like very well organized vampires, different from the ones’ I have encountered sent by the governing vampire’s assassins? Whoever he was, his business at hand seemed to be the key factor of the night, and he was long by now, and trying to track him down in this city would be pointless. I hated to admit it but he had similar qualities comparable to my own, so strong in fact we blasted each other back like we had met each others’ match coming to a draw. He said he had not intending on seeing me so prematurely. He said we would cross paths again. When? Why? As all these thoughts and questions filled my head, until those thoughts were immediately frozen when I realized I wasn’t alone just quite yet.
My attention no longer cared at the moment as was in utter awe. As the red sparks and ashes fill the night air, flickering as I gazed upon the magnificently powerful man that stood before more, flesh made of solid ice from head to toe. I watched steamed rise around this frozen man from the warm air, a living human being I could tell at least, but obviously much more. Holy shit! I had already seen some crazy things that I’ve come across the nights I would run around in the dark, finding some vampires, psychotic or drunk individuals causing trouble running around the late night hours, but never in my life would I have ever imagined such a magnificent god-like man, his ice toned body reflecting bright blue from the moonlight. He had saved me using is uncanny abilities, obviously capable of conjuring one of the most basic elemental force known to mankind. 
Unbelievable! I stood gawking with my jaw dropped in awe of the marvelous creature that had saved me moments ago. Watching as the spike of ice that once had ripped through the flesh of the vampire now reforming itself into the entity in which it conjured itself from, shaping into the form of an ice hand attached to the massive ice human man. I wonder if I my powers are capable of such things? How is he doing that? Can he teach me? Was this marvelous creature of epic power standing before me, for once a friend, an ally, and not another foe?
Chapter 7 Extraordinary Allies

“I’m sorry if this is awkward but I need to be sure this is real, even though I just watched two vampires blow up in front of me,” I stated bluntly as I reached for the cool skin so intrigued now touching his face, feeling to smooth cool surface of his cheek of the elemental wonder standing before me was real, human I could sense from his strangely familiar facial features as I started to glimpsed through his mind, until a met a solid block of ice as I moved my hand quickly to my side, fidgeting with excitement of my potential new ally.
“Nice try kid!” he joked “you think you are the first telepath I’ve ever come across.”
“How did you….” I started to ask.
“Direct contact to the skin, it’s like easy access, right?” he asked me rhetorically. “I’ll be honest with you kid, I’ve been keeping my eye on you for awhile. You…”
“Absolutely incredible,” I interrupted, “How are you doing that?”
“I’ve always been able to do this, it’s sort of my thing” he cockily replied. “And you? How long have you been able to do, well everything I’ve seen up until now?”
“That, my frozen friend, is a really good question. A few months ago, and I have no clue. I thought you might be able to tell me.”
“You just turned twenty one not too long ago,” he stated slightly under his breath.
“How do you know that?” I demanded. “Who are you? What are you?”
“First of all kid, before I explain a word to you let me give you some advice. You are playing a dangerous game running around town, taking on these bloodsuckers night carelessly. You’re untrained, sloppy, like that incident a few months ago in the campus quad.” He paused in the middle of his speech, contemplating the words about to come out, “however, if this all really just did happen to you then I guess I can’t be too hard on you for that. You need to be careful! Do you have any idea what these things are capable of? You push they’ll push back harder.” 
“You saw the night I was attacked on the campus?” I asked calmly. “You were there the night I was attacked and you didn’t try and save me!” I shouted in a slight bit of rage. 
“Sure didn’t look like you needed my help,” he said with cool calm in his voice. “Hey, you’re right, I should have been there for you kid, but I also have to make sure I don’t expose myself either.” he said apologetically. “My kind, a group of us, well we have had some past issues with the vampire race.”
“You’re kind? Am I your kind?” I asked curiously at his response.
“Possibly, but to be honest with you, I have no idea what you are.” he truthfully spoke. “My only power is what you see in front of you kid, I can control, manipulated, and even transform into ice. You, however, can do obviously more than just one thing.”
“You control ice and you don’t think that’s powerful, are you sure you don’t know what you are really capable of?” I inquired.
“Guess we’re both just full of surprises. Listen, I should have come forward to you a long time ago when I first caught wind of you, but I had to be sure.”
“Sure of what?”
“A lot of things,” That wasn’t an answer, “You have gone through a lot in these last few months, maybe you don’t have to do this alone.”
“Why help me now?”
“You seem to have made another enemy tonight. This one that seems to be just like you kid, different from the rest you have encountered so far. This isn’t a battle you want to take on alone. If you are set out to be the righteous person I’ve watched defending the innocent, not because you had to, you chose to, so then let me help you. I want you to believe me we I say you can trust me!” he commanded.
“You really want to help me?”
“Yes I do.” He really meant it. I started remembering what the Voice had once told me before, about finding guidance along my path to greatness. He was right in so many aspects, and he seemed genuinely good to the core. 
“Oh crap” I interrupted as my six sense vibrated through my nerves as the sounds of sirens had been making their way towards our direction. “We have company!”
“Where?” he asked scanning around the alley way, confused.
“A few blocks away, trust me!” I ordered back.
“Your place isn’t far from here, you have time to make it back” he said.
“I don’t even want to know how the hell you know that information. We’ll finish the conversation later! How are you getting out of here?”
“I have my own method of transportation.” he gloated as I watched him press his hands out in front of him in a forward dash motion, creating a thick block of ice as he slid away from sight in seconds, going airborne at a rapid pace. 
“How am I supposed to get a hold of you?” I shouted at the speeding coolster.
“Trust me kid, I’m around! More than you realize.” he whispered under his breath as he pushed off the ground into the sky. Incredible, using his power he was able to manipulate it to the point of flight, using the moisture in the air to create a constantly flowing ice path pushing off giving him quick gliding speed, or sliding. I wanted to sit there in awe, watching my new ally take off in such force I almost envied his incredible gift but knew I had to get out.
I dashed my way out of the now somewhat damaged ally way from the unexpected brawl not only with some highly trained vampires, but my green eyed nemesis asshole. As I leaped and bound my way distancing myself blocks away from the scene, I was torn up inside. The entire time I kept reenacting the entire scenario in my mind repeatedly. What was my connection with this green eyed punk ass? He, just like my frosted wonder, knew so much about me as if they were in my daily life. They both said they had been watching me for quite some time, even the very first night that this enchanted change in my life had taken place. 
As for my Faceless Foe I knew one thing, we were bound to meet again, probably real soon. I better prepare, for he would be more of a challenge than taking out a couple of vampires. After months of countless attempts on my life, the sorcerer had presented me a new obstacle. His gifts were similar to mine, telekinesis, some telepathy, from what I could gather in our combat. It’s a lot harder to focus on the person’s mind when you are throwing out supernatural socks to the face and stomach. The thought aggravated me as I felt my bruised up stomach again, now walking normally on the sidewalk making my way home as I walked through side of the campus making my way into the all too familiar walk by the infamous quad. I stopped there, looking at the still damaged bench that was merely tapped up since the night of the big brawl, the night it all started. Wait a second! 
A revelation had just occurred to me. That very night my powers had ascended, I told everyone at the party I was coming this way back home instead of taking the limousine. The only way both my Faceless Foe and my frozen friend would have observed what had taken place here in this very quad, they had to have been attending the party at the bar that night. They witnessed the freak accidents at midnight, the incident with thief, and then they both had followed me here. 
I sat wondering how I had missed the feeling of others nearby witnessing the attack. I had covered my ground when it came to the security cameras on campus, as they had went out with the lights, miraculously not capturing the altercation that had taken place just a few months ago. Yet both of these individuals hid around the quad witnessing the supernatural scenario taking place completely out of sight. I grabbed the arm that had once been pierced horrifically by the un-living skank who dared tried tasting my blood, only to be killed by the very thing that her disgusting species feeds on. I had already assumed the green eyed dick was the same person that I couldn’t make out in the crowd that very night. Why my foe was there still remains a mystery. 
Yet, turning my attention to the elemental man of ice, I recalled everyone I could remember that had attended my party that night. This frozen hero acted as if he knew me so well, and in the back of my mind I couldn’t shake the feeling off. He was at my party, he said he had been watching me for awhile now, and more than just these last few months by the natural and comfortable tone he had with me. He seemed to be quite the know-it-all too, with his scolding warnings, his lecturing tone. Then I focusing on the quick glances of what I had taken from my new ally after the quick exchange of his thoughts, it was enough to smack me right in the face. 
I felt that cool touch before, so well that I didn’t need to research back at the Grand Hall. My ally had been in front of me all this time. I grabbed my smart phone, quickly finding my favorite contact list and pressed on the suspect at hand. Putting the phone to my ear, I wait anticipation for the person I had in mind to answer. The silence of the empty dark quad was broken by the sounds of a ringtone of “Ice Ice Baby” going off in the distance with a figure approaching slowly, pausing to answer the cell phone. I don’t believe it!
“I said I would be around” answered the voice jokingly.  He stalked slowly into visible light of the dimmed quad. Low and behold my iced friend walked towards me, phone in hand. “Is this a better place to talk?” he asks instantly.
“Indeed, it is Professor.” I was Livid!
“Like I said, we’re friends now, call me Bobby.” he said cheerfully as I watched my friend who I once knew only as my mentor now a man of solid ice transforming back to the human form. Layers of ice returned to his normal skin as his eyes returned to the piercing blue eyes I had so seen many times before. Rather than the casual clothing that I was used to seeing my friend in, tonight he wore a black leather customized suit, that was once a solid block of ice. Did his custom design suit adapt to the elemental transformation he was capable of? Is he wearing a uniform of some kind?
“It seems that we have a lot of catching up to do Bobby. Last time I recall, you weren’t able to…” I started saying until I was once again thrown off by a miraculous change of atmosphere around us as tiny particles of snowflakes circled us simultaneously with the California autumn night breeze. I gawked in awe stunned by my mentor now in front of me conjuring such a marvelous natural force. I stood speechless now sighing in relief as the flakes hit my skin with a cool sensation.
“I am also known by some as Iceman.” he introduced his other alias in the chaotic surreal world.
“I…” I stuttered, now wondering if he was expecting me to respond with an alias or nickname of my own. Lost, confused, tired, and sore, I simply remarked emotionally back, “I honestly have no idea what or who the hell I am anymore!” I expressed emotionally as tears had started swelling up my eyelids. I was overwhelmed, distraught, and full of emotions with all the events that had taken place within the last few hours alone, I had enough!
“Come one kid, you’re taking the night off” he whispered as he surprisingly embraced me with both arms giving a very sincere hug. My friend knew me well, comforting me with his now natural human form, the Professor I had once known prior to revealing his ice cold secret.
We walked back through the familiar paths of the campus silently, both of us anticipating the possibility of another attack. Already having been a very long night behind me, I was so thankful to see the neighborhood lights of Greek Row, relieved that this night was for the most part over, at least as far as any more unexpected action was concerned. My mind filled with unanswered questions, reminiscing on everything that had taken place since nightfall. 
Who the hell were the second group of vampires, along with my green eyed foe? I caught them red handed in what looked like a raid, recalling the various items they had retrieved so quickly from the facility. Who was this new green eyed nemesis of mine, who now proved to be a fair match against me? Only then to be saved by the block of ice conjured up from the man walking beside me as we made our way into the empty fraternity house and directly into my room. 
Finding myself immensely sore still from being punched in the stomach, I sat on the edge of my bed as my professor took the seat close by. Noticing the door was still ajar, he had started to get back out of his chair when I finally broke the silence since we were in the quad, “I’ll get that,” as I moved one finger ever so slightly as the door closed on its own. Damn, no reaction, not even a flinch. He’s reacting a lot better to this then I did. 
“Wow, the party house empty tonight?” he asked jokingly. 
“Everyone’s out tonight, mixers.” I responded.
“Why aren’t you there tonight?”
“I was,” I snapped back.
“What was the theme, raid the army surplus store?” he asked imply my all black outfit that looked like I bought from a Halloween store compared to his gear.  
“Look who’s talking! Do you keep this lame ass super suit of yours just lying around at home?”
“Oh, this old thing,” he begin saying, “I’ve had this for awhile.” He paused, thinking to himself, then starting to take off his leather top. “I better get out of this before anyone gets back, you should probably change too.” He paused for a second noticing my silence when he teased, “Don’t get to excited over there!” as his shirt flew off revealing his nicely toned body. I couldn’t help but grin back at him as he walked around the room shirtless completely on purpose.
“In a minute tease,” I haggled back at him while I reached for a hand rolled cig I had near my desk. Using my new power I opened the windows and proceeded to spark it up with a lighter in hand. I inhaled deeply, now finally feeling much more relieved. “I was there tonight, but I didn’t attend. I was watching from the rooftops. My so called new life now,” I explained to my friend who was in the middle of changing to normal looking attire. 
“Why?” he asked curiously as he reached for the cig, taking a quick puff as he continued to change.
“Because there are too many friends of mine out tonight enjoying their ordinary lives without any clue to the fact their lives could be in danger. I can’t bear the thought of one of them being slaughtered by one of those fucking monsters, cause of me! They’re after me! Those bloodsuckers want me dead!” 
“Hey hey...” Bobby said in the calmest voice, “how about you start from the beginning?”
“You were there that night weren’t you? The night this all began, the night I was attacked. Didn’t you see what happen to the she bitch after she bit me?”
“She bit you?” he asked in deep concern. “How is that possible?” 
“With her mouth,” I replied sarcastically as I lifted up my sleeve to show him the slightly visible scar left from the sting of the venom.  “It healed up for the most part but left a little mark, hopefully that last time I ever want to feel pain again.”
“Let me see,” he remarked with the upmost concern reaching for my arm, closely examining the area of my previous flesh wound. “You’re still alive?” he asked under his breath. 
“No shit Sherlock” I mocked.
“I followed you back home from a distance after we left the bar that night. When I heard you scream in pure horror I had no idea what I was going to find.” he explained, obviously now conflicted with his previous decision not to intervene that night, as his face dropped in guilt. “But when I came to the scene, the first thing I witnessed was you staking the bigger guy right in the dick. I could see you had taken down the girl vamp but I assumed that was your doing.”
“It was my doing, technically.”
“I don’t understand, I’ve had my fair share of encounters with vamps, but I thought…” he blurted dumbfounded.
“It would kill me or turn me,” I interrupted already having picked up on his thoughts. “Drinking my blood had quite the opposite effect then they expected.”
“How so?”
“The vampire met her final death after consuming a little bit of my blood. It literally burned through the female vampires until she was ash and flickering dust.”
“Uncanny! Your blood can kill them!” he exclaimed dropping his jaw with utter awe. “That makes sense as to why they’re after you. What about your abilities; did that start happening after she bit you?”
“No. Truthfully it started the second I turned twenty one. Well except the dreams.”
“Before this, you were completely human?”
“As far as I knew, yeah,” I said with uncertainty. We both went silent for a short period of time as we absorbed everything that had been revealed. “I mean, I’ve always been different at times, but I felt like that is just self esteem issues, not that I was ever beyond human.”
“So you’re a telekinetic, telepath, and some increased strength and speed from my observations. This in itself is so much to cope with, how were you able to do that by yourself?” my mentor now in disbelief, sitting back in his chair as I sat down in mine, exchanging the half smoked cig to him for a little relief.
“It wasn’t easy, and I had some help, sort of.”
“Sort of?” he inquired intently.
“It’s really hard to explain,” I answered quickly, now thrown off by the question at hand, debating on how to word the unusual circumstances that guided me through this quite difficult last few months. “I don’t know what I am exactly, although I know I am still human, from my understanding. I can feel the surge of energy constantly flowing, whatever it is.”
“Do you feel like you are in control of this power?”
“Yes, trust me. Besides, I’ve been overwhelmed by the numerous attempts on my life to allow this power to take control of me. I have the ability to do more, to defend myself, my friends, family, anyone, everyone I can.”
“Why?”
“It’s the right thing to do Bobby. God wouldn’t have given me these gifts to use in a selfish way. I have my moments, but after discovering the dark world that lay hidden to the bare human eye, I can’t watch the darkness consume this world.”
“Do you think God gave you these gifts? I thought you weren’t religious?”
“I never said I didn’t believe in God, I just have conflicting views with the religious beliefs and convictions,” I answered as honest as I could. “I know this much, regardless if God did give me these gifts or not, God wouldn’t throw something at us that we could not absolutely handle, regardless of the struggles and difficulties and choices that life throws at us time and time again.”
“Impressive,” Bobby joked with a proud look on his face. It always amazed me how much it satisfies him whenever we have one of those teacher student moments, but I knew how genuinely it was. “If you want to make this world a better place, you can’t do it all alone kid.”
“Is that an offer?” I teased back.
“I said I would help you already. I may only have one gift, but I promise you I will help you any way I can.”
“One gift,” I shouted at him. “You can harness one of elements of this earth Bobby Drake. What you can do is remarkable! If there is one thing my new ability has given me, I think we can both learn something from each other.” I implied, now for the first time since the ascension that I was going to alright. Even though we had only been friends for a little over a year now, tonight’s events became a new milestone for our friendship. He was just my lab professor for one semester, and tutored me through the last semester and summer session. Now, here, the extraordinary man so powerful he can manipulate and transform into solid ice, now my mentor once more. The idea was settling into my mind as I recalled everything Bobby had demonstrated this evening. Then a thought came to my mind. “Bobby earlier you said your kind?” I asked with interest.
“We’ll get to that. Right now we need to discuss the attention you are starting to bring upon yourself. You think you’re being careful running around patrolling the streets at night but words getting around about a young Hispanic man roaming through the city as if he was Buffy…”
“Buffy ain’t go shit on me! Besides, I’ve been fine on my own so far,” I interrupted already hating the comparison between myself and the famous Vampire Slayer of television although I am a total Buffy fan.
“If you’re doing so well, how exactly have I, on top of many others, been able to follow you for this long without you noticing?” Damn him, that’s a really good question.
“Stalking me?”
“Tracking you,” he stated in a corrective and obnoxious professor know-it-all tone. 
“Like who?”
“They’re not exactly enemies, but they’re not exactly friends either.”
“That wasn’t an answer.” I stated in protest with his unhelpful response.
“I know, but you have a lot on your plate with vampires trying to murder you and all. For now kid, we just need to be more cautious before your next nightly adventure. I can handle the ones’ that are stalking you. Just think of it as being extra careful for those hidden discrete paparazzi lurking around waiting to catch a glimpse of you. You don’t want to deal with the people they report to.” 
“Damn, just when I was feeling better about this chaos shit show of a life. Thanks Professor!”
“You’re welcome,” he responded cockily.
“Dick,” I mocked back. We laughed slightly now easing up from what already was one hell of night finishing up our smoke session.
A breeze from outside lightly swirled the smoke rising up out of the window. My sixth sense tingled throughout me as my ears became engulfed with annoying amounts of telepathic chatter approaching towards the house. I look out the window, lifting myself up just enough to look outside to see the street was still clear.
“What is it?” Bobby asked.
“Looks like the mixers ended and intoxicated groups of stereotypical fraternity guys and sorority girls are inbound.”
“You can hear them coming?”
“Yeah, telepathically more so, almost like a super sixth sense.”
“Damn, like the wall crawler,” he whispered under his breath.
“Who,” I asked.
“Nobody, listen, we need to finish this conversation but it looks like it’ll have to wait.” He paused, deep in thought. “I’m trying to think of a place we could rendezvous.” I jumped to desk near the window and bed, making the frozen man flinch. Grabbing my laptop quickly I jumped to one a map site. After I located the area on the map, I turned handing him the laptop, pointing out a place on the map as l clicked zooming up on it.
“Can you meet here?”
“Why out there?” he puzzled.
“Just trust me Professor,” I demanded keeping the map on the screen in his face.
“As long as you’re not going to rape me,” he teased.
“Seriously prick!” I cursed back jokingly.
“Noon?” he inquired glancing at the time.
“More like three.” The noise and chattered amplified by the second. “Here they come. You want to stick around? Be normal and after party tonight?”
“I shouldn’t be hanging out with students so much,” he gloated with resistance in his voice.
“But…” I provoked.
“We’ve had a long night. Fuck it, let’s party.”
I opened the door with no hands hearing the footsteps of my fraternity brothers and guest parading into the living room of the house. We join the group, everyone familiar with one another as we spent the next few hours doing what young college guys would do, have fun and not give a rat’s ass. I had to admit standing there while I watched my mentor interact with everyone acting as if we didn’t just discover each others’ unique abilities, I would have never guessed all this time he was a walking snowman in disguise. Still fascinated and envious of his abilities, I wondered if I could harness such a force. The Voice did mention allies that would guide me through this relentless path to greatness, and something about elements. Hopefully my new ally would somehow rub off on me. I caught myself throughout the night trying to make the cup in my hand cold as I noticed my good friend did with every cup sipped. Sneaky move indeed. 
We spent the night having a good old fashion time, as rumors of one of the girls in one of the house was attacked in an alley by some guy that tried to rape her. Another girl told me that she saw the girl go out with the guy and that the dumb girl I saved was at first ranting about some shadowed figure lurking in the alley way too, calling her a drunken dumb slut who was probably making it up. That worked for me, even though I got a few I told you so glances from my mentor. I rolled my eyes knowing in the end I saved that girls life tonight and it was a good feeling. I had to always remember, my humanity is what will lead me to greatness, and this tiny moment of feeling like a normal human felt amazing.
Morning came quickly. I awoke in my bed at a decent time for a late Saturday morning. I looked to see Bobby Drake passed out on my recliner couch, something I was used to by now since most people crashed on that recliner, but something was different about this time. Did he stay to watch me last night? I grabbed my phone going off, waking my new protector as well. He took off as we agreed on a time to meet up. I quickly jumped into the shower to get ready for the day. We agreed to meet up at one which was nice for me. I needed to get to the Grand Hall before Bobby got there. 
I headed out in my car towards the now familiar drive into the canyons, making my way through the winding curves of the canyons that separate the west side from the valley. After months of this routine I didn’t hesitate to drive the dirt road as I approached the path leading to the cave, covered by vines. I kept the speed going as I had already known the outcome of the enchanted greenery covering up the entrance. They moved just as quickly as the car as my lights now showed me more detail of the tunnel leading into the Grand Hall. The tunnel, just like the hall itself, made of interesting white stone, perfectly made for even a vehicle to enter and exit with ease. 
I pulled up to the halls entryway parking my car off to the side. The lights flicker on as the computer towards the back end room fired up the underground base. I closed my eyes for a second and the radio turned on through the nicely installed surround sound speakers. I passed the walls of books as entered the separate room and operation area as I glanced at the three screen computer, with cameras already installed outside the perimeters. I sat at the computer as I glance around the room still in awe like the first day I stumbled upon it. The chamber was equipped with two stories inside itself with a living area, bed and bathroom, even the secret vault. Whoever set this magnificent ancient hallway of some unknown creatures that roamed these lands of so long ago, now equip with up to date technology, internet included. I have no complaints. I would live here if I could not shelter myself in here, unless I had to of course. 
I used my free time before his arrival utilizing the short amount of time on the computer doing some research of my own. I had two new subjects that I was dying to look up. One topic seemed to stand out more than the other, since many topics popped up when I searched for Iceman, however, trying to figure out more information on my green eyed Faceless Foe was much more difficult to find. On top of that, I also continued digging deeper into the origin and any information that would at least hint to the creation of the Grand Hall and if these past creators of this massive place were connected to me, as a descendent or something.
It was difficult also not knowing too much about your own self, being my mother was a single mother for quite some time. My father, however, not a clue, which had me convinced that my unknown birth giver might have something to do with my supernatural ascension. Although I had many speculations and theories, I was still unclear if any of these would even make sense. I sat there absorbing the information when I notice the time had passed quickly. Damn, I didn’t get any substantial information. Minimizing the windows with a mere thought, I turned and headed towards the entrance where my car was parked, planking my weight into the nice tile ground. 
I planned on testing my range of telepathic ability. Waiting for his arrival, I listened mentally seeking the familiar chilly man’s brainwaves. Tingles in my spine signaled me of the approaching car. Showtime! Closing me eyes, exhaling slowly, I caught my friend’s thoughts, confused and lost.
“Bobby!” my mind projected. The tingle continued as I reached further into the brainwaves making contact. I could sense his confusion. He can hear me. Time to have some fun! “Bobby.” I whispered annoyingly as I felt him searching the forest like area trying to figure out how he was hearing me and where it was coming from. “Bobby.” I said again, feeling him getting closer to the vine covered entrance. 
Suddenly I was disrupted as the alarm went off. I thought I explained to the computer company was coming. I dashed over to the computer to see what set off the alert. Well Bobby was out there alright however it wasn’t his presence that set it off. Another figure was walking in right behind him but by the time I made my way to the screen, Bobby and his unwelcomed guest had already passed through the vines which opened for both of them surprisingly. He brought someone to my secret base? Did I tell him it was for his eyes only? Why didn’t the vines close this other person out, or both for that matter? 
I turned the alarm off, even though it prompted me to turn to on defensive mode whatever that was. I waived my hand opening the vault, reached out for a weapon I had been waiting to try out if this person was a problem as I firmly gripped it once it flew towards me telekinetically. With crossbow in hand I heard the figures slowly moving their way down the hall. I had a clear shot at the wall so without hesitation I shot an arrow into the wall as a warning sign.
“You brought someone!” I shouted so loudly in the hall that vibrated practically shook the stones of the walls and pillars.
“We’re in right place.” the other person muttered.
“Hey Mexican Buffy, relax!” Bobby yelled from the distance. “I trusted you, now trust me!”
“Oh hell no,” I roared throwing my free palm up sending out a blast of telekinetic energy straight towards the tunnel entrance. “It’s called a heads up Professor!” I yelled back mocking my mentor. 
“Whoa! He calls you professor!” laughed the other person. Wait, I know that voice. A frozen flag waved back and forth in peace as Bobby became visible in sight, once again in ice form. Showoff! I relaxed my weapon as I watched the large man behind him. I looked down at my weapon shaking my head at the wrong weapon of choice. 
Low and behold another large sized marvelous creature now creeping through the hall, both of us astonished at what we see before us. This man was made of solid silver metal from head to toe, even his arms, hands, face, and all, in a black gear resembling the same outfit my frozen ally was wearing. 
“This place is incredible. Nice crossbow by the way kid,” the large metal man joked. “Careful, you could hurt someone with that!”
“Not you evidentially Mr. Rasputin,” I exclaimed recognizing immediately, meeting him at my birthday bash. He stood there empowered with the ability to transform into a vibrant shining metallic skin shield, as the tall large football built man casually marched his way through the Grand Hall.
“I told you call me Pete,” he insisted.
“He also goes by…” Bobby joked with his metal friend.
“What was that Queen Elsa, who forgets to tell people when they’re bringing someone to my secret base?” I snapped back at my friend comparing him to the ice queen.
“You actually never told me I couldn’t bring a friend cheerleader.”
“Careful there frosty,” I mocked.
“I’ve always liked this kid,” Pete laughed directed at Bobby. “I also go by Colossus. Nice crib! What is this place?”
Chapter 8 Secrets of the Vault

“Bobby, Pete, welcome to the Grand Hall.” We stood all gazing at each other, the two now standing in front of me, the man of ice and the man of metal, two extraordinary men. What else was my great mentor not telling? Before anyone had the chance to open their mouths with the usual sarcastic comment, we were disrupted but a cool breeze entering from the tunnel as the lights started to flicker throughout the hall. The sounds of the computers booting up began chiming in the background as the lights turn back on in unison. 
The sound of the vault opening up directed our attention towards the doors, as we watched them swing open. The back wall of the vault which appeared just to be the end of the vault had opened a secret compartment behind the silver medal walls. Inside the secret compartment were more objects neatly organized, however from my sight, they were completely different from the weapons that had first originally been there.  Dumbfounded, I glanced to look at my two guests as they both now ogle around, jaws dropped. Bingo! I had a feeling that the minute I allowed a single entity to walk inside this sacred hall, he would return.
“What the….” Pete started.
“What’s going on?” Bobby asked.
“I told you earlier, I couldn’t explain everything so I brought you here to get some answers.” I replied with a smile, anticipating what the Voice had to say about the intruders.
“I’ve been expecting you two,” said the Voice via the surround sound speaker system. “Iceman and Colossus, welcome to the Grand Hall. Chosen One.”
“Voice,” I responded quickly, “fucking asshole.” I muttered under my breath
“You’ve been expecting…” Bobby started speaking stumbling over his words as he looked around for a direction to reply to.
“Yes, I had for seen the two of you coming to the aid of the Chosen One for some time now. Destiny has finally brought you together.”
“Together for what,” Pete asked.
“How do you even know our names?” Bobby inquired.
“In due time, you will understand many things. For now, understand that you two play a key role into the Chosen One’s path to greatness and righteousness. The two of you must take him under your guidance, teach and mentor him through this changing point of his life.”
“What is he?” asked Pete.
“Good luck with that!” I boasted in laughter, knowing the mysterious Voice wouldn’t give them any clues, being I asked him this question many times myself over again.
“He is something more complex and powerful than even the two of you can imagine. It has only been a few months since his ascension of his abilities. He will need you to guide him, help him to understand and control the immense power that flows through him.”
“That wasn’t an answer.” I barked. “Are you at least going to hint to them what I am?”
“No! You will discover for yourself what you really are, for now that these two extraordinary men have come to your aid, my presence is no longer required Chosen One. Inside these halls I have left you all the resources, books, weapons, and tools you will need on your journey, your path to destiny.”
“Why does he need us?” Bobby interrupted the voice. 
“Do I really have to ask, Professor Drake?” The voice asked rhetorically. “Destiny, that is the reason the Chosen One was one of your very first students before any of this was made knowledge, the reason why you had befriended each other so well. You were all brought together that very night, on the night of his ascension, when the time would come when he needed your guidance the most. Is it not coincidence that you, Bobby and Pete, for it was fate that bonded you together that night, as the coming together of all the important individuals on the night of the ascension was meant to be, including the green eyed Faceless Foe.”
“I don’t recall mentioning anything about that to you!” I shouted in protest. The Voice, whoever he is, was well aware of this punk warlock who apparently was the person I had seen in the crowd, remembering his equal reaction to the stroke of midnight.
“Shut up!” Asshole! “Professors, did you not both at one point your lives did you need help and guidance during your difficult transitions?” Damn, The Voice was giving both these guys a rough time, but after being silenced I felt it best to do as said for once, and I had to agree with the Voice too. “Give him the chance you two were given. Fate is giving the two of you the opportunity to become those mentors, teachers, and friend for the Chosen One. He will need the two of you as much as the two of you will need him. Humanity itself will one day need not just rest in the hands of the chosen ones, but all of you, and together you will become a powerful entity, a family, with such an incredible bond that will define the amazing individuals you truly are, defending humanity and all the precious lives you will save along your path, your fate, your destiny. The question is gentlemen, what choice will you make? I know there is doubt in all your minds, but believe in yourselves, in each other, and you will make the right choice.”
The lights flickered again as a gentle breeze now flowed outwards towards the tunnel exit. I could feel the presence had now departed the Grand Hall, without staying to hear the outcome of the decisions. An uncomfortable silence swept throughout the void of the hall, as the three of us stood still anxiously waiting for something to break the awkward vibe. I couldn’t help but reflect on all the words I just heard and tried to put things in perspective. This was our destiny, we were all meant to somehow end up together. The Voice had a good idea of what the hell has been going on all along, predicted our meeting even before that night. He even knew these guys quite well, practically busting their balls with his proposition to join my sudden cause. 
Who were they really? They’re experienced in this chaotic secret world of the supernatural obviously by their gifts alone. They find me different but aren’t surprised or tripping out over my newfound abilities that are powerful enough as is. I wasn’t too sure what exactly my new allies classified themselves as, and to be honest I didn’t care. They were the good guys. I do need help, now that I’ve spent the last few months fending for my life almost every night, consumed with the nightly struggle to survive numerous lethal assaults, not even thinking twice about what else was truly out there besides the undead. 
My mind began spinning as my imagination went into overload, as my stomach began to knot. Vampires, werewolves, witches, demons, ghost, spirits, gods, wizards, dwarfs, elves, fairies, zombies, trolls, devils, angels, sorcerers, mutants, and even giant robots from the flashbacks I just witnessed of my two new friends previous mysterious life. What was I getting myself into? What more is out there? How much more am I going to have to face, furthermore, which ones would I defend myself from?
The silence was broken shortly with the sound of the computer systems starting up, however, this time now greeting us in digital voice.
“Welcome, gentlemen!” greeted the computer female voice.
“That’s new,” I said ecstatically.
“Yes sir, voice recognition program and operating system full user access granted.”
“That’s incredible um Computer!” I exclaimed. The Voice must have held back my complete access to the operating system until these two good balls showed up. What the hell is up with that?
“Yes sir,” she replied helpfully. I look at my two guest again, now looking puzzled, bewildered even by the sudden change in the Grand Hall’s new technological advancements. 
“Um, do you have one of those hand rolled cigs?” Pete interrupted. “I could use a smoke break.”
“Likewise,” I agreed as I motioned them to the large oval stone made meeting table where I had set up my own little desk station and the head of the table. Taking our seats inside the more modernized added room that sat far end at the hall, I reach into my secret compartment and pull out the utensils. Quickly sparking it, I passed to Pete, who sat silently across from me, still gathering his thoughts. I glanced over at Bobby adjacent from my seat, also quite, staring off into frozen space deep in thought. The cig goes around a few times before the little noise we had made from our session was finally interrupted by the boast of the friendly metal man.
“So let me get this straight,” Pete started, “you were Bobby’s student over a year ago, before any of this happened prior to your powers. You were ordinary back then?” he glanced at me giggling. I nodded in response. “So then on your twenty first birthday, the first party I just happen to get invited to was the night you got your powers, the night you chased after the purse thief. Then you get attacked by a bunch of vamps, you got bit and your blood destroyed the bloodsucker in the process. So your blood can essentially kill them instantly?” I nod again silently in response to this interrogation. “This power led you to this crazy ass place, which is loaded by the way, and now you inherited it to use as your base of operation while you run around the streets at night fighting against the vampires, demons and forces of darkness…” I know where this is going. He stared humming the familiar television show’s introduction then blurts out “he is the…”
“Asshole,” I cursed back under my breath, trying to hold a straight face myself. 
“You’re kind of a cliché.” Bobby noted joining in on the roast session.
“Obviously I’m much more than the vampire slayer!” I protested as most of the objects around me levitate around us. “I watched the entire series like three times and she could never do that.”
“The witch girl could.” Pete remarked.
“I’m not a witch metal dick!” I yelled.
“Are you asking me if my dick also turns to metal?”
“That’s probably the only way you could keep it hard.” I snickered back.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Pete smirked a little grabbing his crouch area. 
“Pete.” Bobby scolded.
“What, I’m just saying, it’s kind of hilarious! So seriously, kid, what are you?”
“I wish I knew Colossus,” answering his original question before his outburst of joy he was getting. “My turn, what do you two consider yourselves to be?”
“Wait, you were going to do some explaining first.” Bobby demanded.
“Not much to explain, Professor,” I mocked, rolling my eyes at him like a typical student annoyed by their pestering teacher did behind their back. “Before my ascension it started with vivid and strange dreams that appeared to be quick visions and glimpses of what might take place in the near future, I guess; however the illusions come sporadically in confusing fragments. I first saw this place in one of those dreams, and then I went to some fortune teller I encountered once that sensed that I wasn’t just human, ranting on as I passed her by. After I emerged into all of this, I sought out the soothsayer the next day who confirmed it for me through a crystal ball leading me into this very hall hidden discreetly with the canyons. The Voice arrived shortly after, first just inside my head on the night of the ascension, then projecting himself inside this very hall when I first stepped inside. He was very brief when he instructed me to utilize this once sacred place as my own base. I practice here, with my power that is. It is mind blowing that The Voice had managed to prepare this establishment to facilitate me so well, because I would probably have been dead by now. The perimeter is bound by blood magic, which is probably the reason why I don’t find many nasty creatures lurking the woods at night. Whoever set this all up, when, why, beat’s me?”
“The technology in here is fascinating; I’ve seen advance type computers like this before but not in some underground stronghold, more like a tech convention.” Bobby stated. 
“You have no idea who this Voice is?” Pete asked.
“Only a few guesses, a hunch perhaps.” I did have my suspicions of the true identity of the infamous Voice, but it’s too early to get into that now. “He obviously was really holding out for the two of you. The Voice limited my use of this technology as well as the unknown hidden treasures inside the vault until the two of you arrived. I believe he had a reason for that,” I continued in a lecture tone “he said, and I quote, I will need you just as the two just as much as you will need me. I can’t do this alone.”
“Do what exactly?” Bobby asked genuinely.
“Help me! You said it yourself Bobby, I was sloppy, noticeable, lack of discipline, blah, blah, and blah. The Voice is right, maybe it is our destiny. I don’t know exactly what that means all just yet, but I know one thing, we were meant to do some good out there.”
“Like a team?” Pete inquired.
“Maybe, I don’t know. If that’s where it takes us, then yes. All I can say is that I want to be able to use these gifts to do the right thing.” I looked at both anxiously, hoping my slight guilt trip was working. “The way I see it, having these marvelous gifts have a means I was destined to use them to do what is truly and morally right. To do otherwise would be selfish.” Another dead silence filled the hall once again. 
“Well,” Bobby began. Pausing, he looked me straight in the eye. Desperate, worried that my mentors would find reason to walk away from my on the spot request, I projected one word, please, telepathic screaming with my mind. Letting out a sigh of relief, Bobby starts to speak again, “Josh, you are my friend and have been long before you became multi talented. You were the first real person I connected with when I moved out here. After realizing the error of my ways, I promise you I could never turn my back on you. I genuinely care about you. It is eating me up inside I selfishly waited this long to be there for you, when I was one of the people you looked up to. I am sorry it took this long for me to come to your aid, having known all this time. You have my support and my allegiance.”
“Bobby, please don’t be sorry. Look, I’ve been alright, but clearly I will need you now.” I reassured him, feeling the large weights of unease being lifted from my shoulders. “You saw last night, what I’m up against, now the game has changed. I’m not just dealing with just vampires anymore. In fact, I have no idea what to even expect anymore.”
“Well kid, you don’t need to worry, I’m in too” Pete announced cheerfully. “We are the Slay…”
“Shut up Pete!” I jokingly yelled. The tension of the once overly thought big decision had now been lifted as we eased up in our chairs, now looking around the Grand Hall observing the shelves of books, nodding in disappoint.  “Ok, there is technically a library, but I’m not Buffy you mother fucking tin man!”
“This isn’t just a library cheerleader, Bella!”
“Excuse me!”
“Bobby’s your Eddy and I’ll be your Jacob!” Pete boasted. “Besides, I hear you are Team Jacob anyways kid! Now why don’t we check this place out?”
Pete jumped to his feet eager to run around, almost like a kid in a candy shop. Bobby also got up observing the neatly designed first floor room. He heads towards the side staircase, looking up.
“What’s upstairs?” Bobby asked.
“Bedroom, bathroom, shower, lounge area, It’s like a huge loft up here” the big guy squired as he came back down the stairs, Bobby now heading up to take a look.
“That is sick!” Bobby exclaimed.
“Go right ahead, just look through my shit why don’t you” I remarked sarcastically.
“Yeah even has a TV and Xbox 360, it’s legit.”
“Dude, did you see this vault!” Pete yelled from the inside the pre opened vault door. “Damn, crossbows, guns, silver bullets, knife, and what’s this secret compartment stuff?” 
Bobby and I walked towards the vault, now reminded by the sounds of another compartment that had opened up when my guest had entered. We looked in to see that wall adjacent to the door, which before today was just steal wall, now was opened revealing much more fascinating and mysterious looking items. I immediately spot one recognizable item from the reflection, two crystal balls, one like the fortune tellers, another smaller crystal ball that sat on top of a well furnished wooden black staff. Our views from the rest of the items were being blocked by the massive metallic figure browsing the stash of magical items in pure admiration. 
“Is this really a…” Pete started to say as he reached his hand forward to grab a small object then throwing his arm back to show us merely with a slight swing of his arm, causing a force to conjure towards Bobby and I as we were pushing with incredible supernatural force tossing us airborne. The entire hall vibrated as the surging waves pulsated its way down the hall. Bobby and I land several yards away, being tossed like rag dolls across the floor. Collisions of the energy blast with one of the pillars that held up the hall structure, causing aftershocks throughout the stone walls and ceiling. We both turned our heads back at our fully metal friend standing there with what appeared to be a tiny piece of wood in his gigantic hands. “A magic wand.” he whispers under his breath shocked the wands impact. 
Still on the ground, I raised my hand in the magical woods direction, as it flew instantly from the inexperienced hand. I gripped the wood that now looked more than just a twig as I had thought it to be earlier, absorbing the immense feeling surging between this enchanted crafted magic wand and my hand. Breathtaking! Although the design wasn’t too specific or detailed, it was still apparently made to look its finest, strong black slicked surfaced. I watched as my arm extended, placing the wand at arm’s length, when the piece of wood moved its way sliding up my arm now sinking through the flesh of my skin, becoming one with my left arm that once held the power twig of wood, feeling the strange object lodge itself tightly between the veins of my arm, it perfectly fitting as if my forearm were a holding pouch.
“I don’t believe this was meant for you my shiny friend,” I snapped as I rose to my feet, Bobby doing the same. We both give each other a look of shame as we nod our heads in disapproval, yet drawn back by the wooden wand slither its way into my skin. Gross!
“Nice one Pete.” Bobby muttered as we walked back to the vault area.
“Let it go Elsa, shit happens, let it go,” Pete hummed responding to the man of ice as he started singing under his breath.
“Hash-tag go fuck yourself!” Bobby cursed back as he continued to shake his head with a grin. Hey, one thing I was for sure about, at least for the first time since the day of my ascension that led me here into the Grand Hall, I had finally felt the positive outcome after revealing my secret underground base, and from the sounds of it, the three of us were going to have a fun time together. 
We spent the rest of the afternoon establishing a mutual understanding and code we would follow as we went about our nightly extracurricular duties. Taking our time on our free afternoon, we got comfortable in the hall, watching TV, browsing on the computers and our own tablets at our disposal. They had educated me on all the knowledge of their previous encounters with the vampire race, although failing to explain any sort of background story, only instructing me on different ways to approaching different types of attacks I should anticipate from the bloodsuckers. Bobby has discovered on the computer, all touch screen years before it’s time, that the hologram that could fill the entire hall was also a simulator. Impressed at his discovery, he kept giving me this second guessing look, as if he thought I knew more about my acquisition of the Grand Hall. I would have liked if he told me things about himself too, but we can’t all have our way. 
Pulling out many of the objects in the vault, placing them on the large stone tables, with our tablets and laptops, ashtrays and drinks are laid out. Books from the large walls of the hall stacked as we found certain topics to study and get a better perspective on, focusing on fighting dark creatures, witches, trying to determine who my faceless foe is, vampire books of their old religion. I would sneak in hint questions whenever I came upon anything that might explain what Bobby and Pete considered themselves as, but they kept giving me the run around. I figured I would find out eventually, knowing that these two would slip just by their inability to shut the fuck up. They droned on and on about do this and don’t do that, watch of for this and that, be careful about this and that, I started to tune out for a minute while these experienced men reminiscing of their days of the past. Of course that changed when Bobby informed me suddenly, “Twilight is coming.”
“I turned it off earlier!” I shouted unaware of what he was trying to tell me.
“Ha, no not the movie Team Jacob, I mean it’s almost nightfall. You ready for a quick simulator session before you do your thing? I have it ready to go.”
“I’m down!” Pete agreed.
“Okay.” I lied. Already done for the day trying to get the full dirt on these two, I just surrendered for now not realizing what tricks they had up their sleeves. We stalked into the big void of the hall, puffing my chest up like a tough mother fucker. I turn my head back and ask “So what easy warm up are we doing today?” I sneered in a mean voice.
“We aren’t training doing anything.” Bobby said bluntly “Just you!”
“Oh!” Damn, these assholes would make me do this solo, just because they’ve put their time in supposedly.  Here goes nothing.
“So what’s the lesson today, Professors?”
“Well” Bobby began as he grinned swiping his cold fingers in joy, toying with my inner doubts as he selects a program. “It’s called survival.”
Fuck Me!
Chapter 9 Strange Encounters in the Night

Later that night

Whatever nice thing I had said about bringing along team members along my crusade, I was wrong! Perched six stories on the top of a rooftop in Downtown, I searched around lurking through the shadows hunting and seeking the predators that also are hunting and seeking me. I stood there for several minutes, feeling my body ache all over, now regretting jumping two feet into the nightmare practice round of the enhanced hologram projector in the Grand Hall my asshole mentors so nicely called survival. I had bruises from this simple exercise covering my body as I reminisced about all the madness I had encountered place during the practice session. Those guys are dicks! I was happy to now be alone tonight, giving me some time to gather my thoughts, still mind blown from the recent developments within the previous twenty four hours. Distracting myself from the overwhelming thoughts, I grabbed my phone to glance at my hectic schedule for the upcoming week, dropping my jaw seconds afterwards. 
Holy shit, Halloween Homecoming! I had completely forgotten about the nearly approaching major colligate athletic events taking place. Shaking my head, reminded of my already hectic normal life, I now had a huge football game to attend and practice for throughout the week on top of the bash after the game out on some crazy camp ground somewhere in the depths of Malibu Canyon. Fuck my life! I couldn’t even talk my way out of any of these events, being my previous non supernatural life consisted of a quite busy schedule and social life already.
The whole school would be present, including the entire Greek system, the athletes, and other students partying the night away in the secluded and isolated grounds outside of the city. My stomach knotted, feeling that this was a night that I once was more than excited for now gave me a horrific feeling inside. If I was correct, it was somewhat near the Grand Hall based on the Google Map, which had made me nervous already, but I highly doubted the vamps would get anywhere near it being cloaked by the blood magic. 
I was grateful Bobby and Pete planned on attending all the homecoming events as well; just in case trouble came creeping out of the woods that night. Worst of all, I couldn’t mysteriously disappear at random like a fraternity event, since attendance for cheerleading was very mandatory, unless you wanted face the wrath of my crazy cheer coach only to be kicked off the team. Plus the cheer team would be traveling straight from the game to party in uniform, not being able to change into the outfit I had on tonight with geared in all black having several compartments to hold some of the weapons forged for me I discovered inside the Vault. I glanced at my left arm, remembering the lodged wooden wand hidden under my skin. At least I had one powerful object that held its cover well, although I would have preferred my silver crested daggers that I have hidden in my side belt. 
My thoughts were disrupted when I noticed right below me two men leaving a small bar inside the building underneath me. I gracefully leaped onto the ledge of the following building, scoping out the two. The smaller figure strode under the moonlight in such unnatural grace I knew he wasn’t your typical human compared to his living companion. They moved into a darker alley corner, making out underneath the cover of the shadowed alley in full public displace of affection. I wait for a second, in a bent stance ready to leap to the ground nearby at any moment. 
I watched at first as the vampire apparently hypnotizes the man, a term the vampires referred to as their supernatural power of persuasion, most likely instructing him not to scream from the pain of the flesh wound soon to come. I heard the slight tear of the flesh with my enhanced hearing signaling me as I bounded into the air as gravity pulls me with momentous controlled speed on the ground, landing so gently onto the paved ground not a sound was made with the help of my telekinesis of course. Gazing up at the couple, I was completely taken back as I noticed a very unusual habit I have never seen a vampire do before. 
Rather than the typical, bloody mess, with limbs already broken and ripped apart, I came to find the smaller man retracting his fangs in the most gentle of ways, placing what appeared to be drops of his blood on the human’s wound.
“Thank you for not screaming handsome.” the bloodsucker whispered to his impaired human, “and for not screaming from the intrusion of the infamous Chosen One here to rescue you’re supposed endangered life, Forget this night, forget our faces, and return to the bar we came from.” he commanded the man. He stood upright, as I emerged from the shadows revealing my face to the young aged looking vampire. “So much alike,” he whispered under his breath. “It is quite a pleasure to finally meet you face to face. I have heard so much about you. I am Mordechi.” He’s definitely much older than he appeared!
“Pleasure,” I lied. “I seem to have a reputation with your kind already!”
“As a friend put it, you act as the acolyte of humanity.” He replied coldly.
“Any friend of his is no friend of mine.”
“I mean you no harm. Are you here to finish me off?”
“That was the plan.”
“With all due respect, I have committed no crime.”
“You bit him!” I yelled in protest.
“I didn’t kill him.”
“Why didn’t you?” I asked.
“I am over three hundred years old boy. I have more control of myself than most of my kind do. No harm came to that man, as you witnessed, for all I did was sustain my thirst with a small amount of that man’s blood.  Has it ever occurred to you that not every single vampire you come across is a murderous creature?”
“It has occurred to me, since for years I’ve read fictional stories of certain non-violent vampires but you are the first to show such restraint. Why?”
“I have no quarrel with you or anyone for that matter. I simply want to live, only take what I need without having to murder and kill in the process.  Do I not have a right to want to live, even if it is in this undead life? If you are the good entity you are so destined to be, could you not understand that I would simply want peace for myself?” I gazed at the undead young man confessing his genuine desire for peace, now conflicting between my decision to stake him in the heart or allow him freedom.  Sensing the dilemma in my faced, he stated boldly, “You are welcome to try if you must.”
“Okay!”  Showtime! I dash with kinetic speed towards him, fist out ready to swing quickly. He blocks my first few attacks, not actually fighting back as compared to stopping my blows. Stronger than any of the vampires I had recently encountered, I used a push with my hand giving us some distance as I throw him to his feet. “You’re a strong little fucker aren’t you old man?” 
“If you think I’m strong then you have no idea about the things you are about to face.” He dash back in super speed at me, now grabbing me, throwing me into a large fence that divided the alley way from the Los Angeles River. With a hard stone uppercut, Mordechi threw me over the fence as I fell backwards down several stories slamming onto the concrete. I slowly got myself up in pain from my thighs and back slamming hard into the ground. I was thrown from the bridge level, now far below only surrounded by graffiti tagged walls and dim lights from the surround street lamps. I stumbled to my feet, feeling the burn of the hard impact, thankful my telekinetic push provided me a little cushion to brace my fall. I turned my head quickly to hear the sound of two other feet hitting the concrete ground in a graceful bound. 
“You need to be faster and sharper if you want to defeat them!” yelled the vampire. We pick up our hand to hand combat again, neither of us holding anything back. I throw a left hook, he returns with a right jab, everything going in quick motion during our fight, until I threw him off his guard by head butting him to the ground, he roars finally, “Yes, better, thinking with more than your fist.” he encouraged randomly grinning.
“Why do you care?” I demanded now confused as ever.
“Because I do!” he replied as he grips both my hands together in a lock tight hold. He pauses, gazing into my eyes with a look not normal to the regular homicidal look in most bloodsuckers eyes. Examining me from head to toe, it was as if he was witnessing déjà vu.  
What is with this vamp? I stopped fussing in his arms; now trying to interpret the hunter’s abnormal thought process. Tonight’s encounter was obviously planned by this three hundred year old undead young man, who now stands before me, another old person tonight lecturing me on what to do in my new nightly occupation. He wanted me to witness him not kill, then to test me in a quite secluded place. Why did this one have any interest in helping me? He kept staring at me as if with that expression on his face as if he once knew me from a previous life. How bizarre? We both paused, silent, eye to eye as he still held me in the grip, when the man reached his hand to my face and did another act that threw me off course completely, locking lips tightly with me as if he had wanted to do that all this time. 
I froze as the cool lips of the good looking but old vampire caressed his lips against mine in a rare display of affection, now embracing me in his arms while he proceeded. He let me go completely as he glided back a few feet from me. I looked up at the night sky wondering if it was a full moon tonight after the strange encounter with the three hundred year old vampire. We stare at each other both unsure of each other’s reaction after the unforeseen kiss. In a second he dashed in momentous speed down the river bend from clear sight before even saying another word or trying to fight. What the hell just happened? One minute I’m being tested by this vampire stalker of mine, who was obviously crushing on me, turning in a complete one eighty by his display of desire before running off like a bat out of hell. Was I supposed to be flattered?
I headed towards the nearest ramp leading up to the top of the street bridge now dumbfounded. In the last twenty four hours, I have met two men who can turn into natural elements of this very earth with the blink of an eye. I defended myself against the Faceless Foe that proved to be like me in many ways, as we were both equal match for each other. The Grand Hall now exposed secrets objects hidden until their arrival, and now left me in the hands of my elemental mentors, who so nicely put me in a round of survival before coming out here tonight only to be semi trained by my stalker who threw in a passionate kiss before disappearing like he was Edward Fucking Cullen. It seemed like this old young looking man set this little trial tonight, testing me for facing whatever he seemed so sure of. Was he warning me about an upcoming attack? I wouldn’t be surprised at this point in life. If they were truly concerned for humanity’s knowledge of the vampires’ existence, they wouldn’t dare make a drastic move in order to eliminate me once and for all. 
Before making my up the ramp I was disrupted by sounds of rapid movement on the pavement below that made me changing my direction. Rather than going back up the street, I descended downward back to the flat concrete riverbed, making out figures of dark shadow figures rushing quickly in and out of a large tunnel that lay underneath the overpass heading in the direction underneath Downtown Los Angeles. I watched was more and more vampires were making way through the tunnel in a blurring speed, so fast that no normal eye would ever be to be able to make out the movement going on in the dark void of the river, now exposing what looked like a heavily trafficked underground passageway. I ducked behind a wall as I peeked over watching as the movement intently, seeing blurs of figure from every direction. Needing to get a closer look, I sneaked around the dark unlighted places, ducking so not to be heard or seen by any of the bloodsuckers. This dull ugly place was a central hub of some sorts, based on the number of vampire goons hanging around on the bridge pillars underneath the overpass, guarding this particular point of interest. Bingo! I read about the underground tunnels that vampires and similar dark creatures used to bypass the normal world. 
I glanced over the wall I hid behind spotting all the guards surrounding the entrance. Three, not bad! I reached for my handy dagger. This ought to do the trick, throwing it with all my might as the blade made a swift stab directly into the top sniper’s chest. Retracting the blade using the motioning wrist and hand wave, then grabbing the blade by its handle only to toss it again slicing through the other guard as another one bites the dust, turning the guard into ash and smoke flickering in the air. The third sniper had reach for something in his pocket, pressing a button obviously sounding an alarm as a loud high pitch noise filled the air. The blurred figures stop on the concrete as I counted at least ten. Oh wait, twelve. Before I knew it two vamps had snuck up on me tossing me over the wall back down to the riverbed cement ground, revealing my unwelcome presence. Damn, looks like this night wasn’t over at all, for this was the largest amount of vamps I’ve faced at once. Here we go! 
I leaped backwards in a hand spring, dodging the thrust of the two dead bodies bulletining their way towards me. I kicked one in the face, pushing one with my hand as I slide my body underneath grabbing my dagger as I prepared for the next two assaults. Kicking and punching with moves like on various video games I played when I need to relax but practice at the same time, where I honestly could say I got some of my greatest fighting moves. Grabbing one of the demons with one hand and tossing upward like a cheerleader base would toss his flyer carelessly, I then twisted around and flicked my wrist cutting the hand off a female vampire’s hand, following it up by kicking her swiftly in the chest, she falls back into the ground. Bouncing up, she raced head first towards me. I reached my hand out anticipating the bitch’s neck coming into grasp. I twisted my hand against her neck with a powerful motion as I decapitated the vampire from her body still in motion snapping, now flaking into the air. With no time to gloat, I returned my attention the falling vampire I sent airborne much further than I anticipated, pulling him down onto the cement floor. I planked down on top of him with all my might now holding a silver crested stake, planting it nicely into the beast’s chest. Some vampires continued their way towards me, eager to die, or ran the opposite way out of harm’s way. I kept my endurance up as I continued using various combinations of fight moves with ability forces, gaining the upper hand on my enemies. 
I must have discovered something rather important to their species based on the reactions taking place. Four raced me from all corners as the pummeled me into the concrete, pinning me down all four at once. Crushing me with their might, I now focused my pulsating energy struggling to push the immense weight off of me before it crushed my bones. The surges centralized inside me as it radiated outward in a powerful blast throwing any around me throwing them hundreds of yards away. Three more blurs raced my way, as my wand now descended into my hand, pointing it at the targets watching another blow throwing the three so far back from sight. Raising my hand in a fist to knock out the one who thought he was sneaking up on me, I headed closer for the tunnel now with a clear path straight ahead. Two more emerge from the tunnel signaling to their undead foes something. They rushed me afterwards as I took the two on, not holding back, getting absolutely fed up with the constant fight. So much violence! Not that I wasn’t enjoying it, or the fact I’ve taken on so many down and am still standing. My sixth sense went off as sounds from the tunnel alert me to much more present danger coming. 
Explosions erupted from inside the depths of the tunnel as massive blast of smoke and fire blew out the tunnel in a quick manner knocking me several yards back from the once busy entrance of the underground way. Crashes of rubble falling from inside the tunnel indicated that the rocks from within had most likely blocked the path intentionally detonated if the safe route was ever discovered. The two vampires tried to race away from the blast but I reached out for one grabbing him by the leg swinging him around changing his initial course back into the sweltering flames. After a few swings and blows, I took down my other opponent with a nice chest kick then double hand telekinetic force blast, watching the additional explosion of the carcass sizzling in the flames. 
Sounds of sirens filled the streets surrounding which was my queue to get the hell out of there. With no hesitation, I bolted with supernatural speed up the river ramp back to the streets adjacent to downtown, making my way around the city in record time, getting away from the well heard explosions as the emergency response crews made their way to the dangerous scene. That is insane! I can’t believe they blew the tunnel up before I had time to even reach the entrance, an obvious way to quickly resolve the problem of any intrusion from the outside world, especially a threat like me. I headed to my parked car near Pershing Square, then speed off quickly through the streets of Los Angeles, next stop the Grand Hall. I needed to do some research before I called it a night.
My phone buzzed away, already dreading that his call was coming sooner or later once the big boom went off.
“Hello?” I answered blankly.
“Where are you?” Bobby inquired as I could hear the sounds of the television on the news channel in the background.
“Driving,” I answered truthfully.
“Where from?” he insisted.
“The city,” I responded firmly.
“So you weren’t anywhere near the explosion in the LA river near downtown just a few minutes ago?” he asked already knowing the answer.
“Oh is that was that sound was earlier.” I fibbed.
“First night back out on your own and there’s an explosion. Was it worth it?”
“Enough to know I found something they didn’t expect me to find.” I snapped back truthfully. “I’m on my way to the hall right now. You are welcome to join me.” I invited my mentor over to lecture me, although I was just excited I might have made a helpful discovery tonight.
“Nah, I’m calling it in for the night. Fill me in tomorrow.”
“I’ll keep up posted Professor!” I shouted as I ended the call, making my way through the canyons getting closer to the dirt path leading to the entrance of the Grand Hall. 
My task list had become much larger once I drove through the protective vines now zooming in the tunnel as the lights turned on. Another night I was probably going to spend here, but I would be beat by the time I made my way back to the fraternity house before sunrise. On top of all this crap, I also had to schedule my week carefully, using my little free time during the day going with my normal life as a university student. My stalker tonight had made a great effort not only just to cross paths with me, he also directed me near a place the vampires had not wanted me to discover. Their reaction during the brawl made it apparent I must have came upon something important enough for them to destroy every sign of evidence the tunnel existed to begin with. 
After settling in comfortably in the extra clothing I brought into the studio apartment designed extended room, I was now ready to spend the next few hours browsing through numerous articles, web pages, and documents via the voice command computer. I looked to the clock realizing that time was not on my side. I’d maybe get two hours of sleep before having to get up to start my morning daily routine. The surging energy that flowed through me had help with my ability to sustain sufficient amounts of energy to keep going throughout the day, which was one benefit of my new enhanced self, being able to maintain longer days and nights, just like tonight was turning out to be. Yet I had a job, an obligation to fulfill, and sometimes losing some sleep is a sacrifice need to be made, especially tonight, giving the affairs of the events coming in the next few days.
“Computer,” I shouted at the updated voice recognition interface that was apparently deactivated until the arrival of my new allies.
“Sir?” the digital female voice responded quickly.
“Project any files you come across giving us detailed schematics on any known underground tunnel systems that exist according to record that run underneath the city, particularly the one that blew up tonight, please.” I commanded as I walked back into a portion of the hall that the hologram projectors were now displaying various blueprints and files containing sources of underground tunneling, the metro line prints, and sewage lines. Focusing my hands on the screen that showed various routes near the tunnel I discovered under the overpass in the river. “Highlight all possible underground routes the tunnel could have led including possible access points throughout the map please.”
“Yes sir,” replied the all too friendly computer system as it highlighted all the areas the tunnel may have possibly ran under. I felt like that crazy technologically advanced highly knowledgeable billionaire all over the new, who also had developed his own voice type recognition program in some mad science experiment he created allowing him to fly around the city at his leisure in some robotic suite of armor. I may not have a suit per say, I had my own unique ability designed as an armor at times, and I just got the talking computer. Take that rich you douche bag! “Computer, also keep track of the news feeds involving the incident from tonight.”
“Of course sir, you managed to make it on forty six media outlets tonight, however no mention of sighting you or the vampires, only the explosion itself sir.”
“Forty six, I am going to hear it tomorrow.”
“I agree sir,” the computer had second, knowing I was definitely going to be scolded once again by my new mentors. 
“Computer, also put in a reminder about the homecoming crap so I don’t forget.”
“Of course sir.”
“Any information yet on the building that was being broken into by my Faceless Foe and his undead lackeys?”
“Sources from my search may indicate the facility in question may itself be owned by the companies known to have affiliations with the vampires in the past. Furthermore, the break in was never reported officially to the police department, according to all recent break in activity logs.”
“Why would my green eyed nemesis and his vampire henchmen break in and steal files, hard drives, and some computers from there in the first place if it was one of their secret establishments?” I asked out loud not expecting an answer.
“If the facility a property of the governing body of the vampire race, it is probable that this may be a location in which the vampires store valuable information and data.” the computer hypothesized. 
“Noted computer; also run a search on Mordechi, a vampire.”
“Right away sir,” she answered quickly.
“Any progress on our two new allies?”
“Access denied.”
“Damn you computer! Did the Voice lock that information out?”
“Yes sir.”
“Whatever!” I was in no mood to argue with the computer that had certain restrictions on the information I could access, from here anyways. I moved over to the bed and dimmed the lights. Restless, my mind flooded with overwhelming anxiety once I went over the busy week ahead of me, depriving me the sleep I so desperately needed.
The Halloween Homecoming, which sounded absolutely awesome of a dual party event, now looked like a giant feast for my blood craving foes. A bunch of college students dressed up in all sorts of costumes or wearing their athletic attire if they participated in the athletic events. They could blend in with the crowd, masquerading themselves as just another party patron. The bigger question that raced in my head was would the vampires ever become that desperate in their never ending quest to slaughter me?
From my understand, as much as they hated and craved only death for humanity, the vampire race just like many other creatures of the unknown all followed a very distinct code of discretion, humanity must never know of the existences. They had a right to fear humans; we are after all quite ruthless towards things we don’t understand. Vampires especially would pose such a great threat to humanity. Once man discovered them, they would demolish their undead species to the last one. I mean, we did develop powerful weapons without the use anything of supernatural origin. 
Yet now I posed a threat to the existence of the vampire race, and it is getting worst. I came so close to god knows what in that tunnel they blew it up before they would dare let me discover where the underground path would take me to. I have to prepare for the inevitable. Soon they would start taking ruthless measures, fearing more and more for the lives I hold so dear to me. They could hold my friends hostage one day, kill them in front me, and terrorize them at any moment whenever the sun goes down. No, I cannot allow that to happen, to any of them. I won’t let them hurt anyone, not if I could help it.  Closing my eyes, I quickly drifted into a deep sleep, a long needed deep sleep.
However, my day of strange encounters did not end there. After waking up the morning alarm, I showered and got ready for what was supposed to be a somewhat normal day of just attending a few classes and practice for the homecoming rally. I swiftly made my way out of the Grand Hall, hauling ass down the canyon streets racing through traffic trying, constantly checking the time, hoping I wasn’t running too late as planned. I found a parking spot at my fraternity house, planning on using my tardiness as an excuse to dodge the hounding questions of my consistent absence here as well as in general. I was running short of excuses for these guys, most of them already being quite the nosy group as is, feeling the need to pry at every detail of my outside life they were unaware of. Turning the lock to my door, I was put to a sudden halt when I came into mess of a room, realizing that someone had taken pure advantage of my long absence. “What the Fuck!” I yelled so loud, not holding back my pure anger speculating on the scenario.
Chapter 10 Paranoia

As soon as my neighboring brothers came running from behind recognizing my overwhelming super angry voice, I shouted “How the fuck does someone break into a fraternity house full of people twenty four seven?” My good friend Justin from the house came walking in, looking just as astonished as every other guy confused at what had taken place blindly underneath them. I scanned the minds of everyone filling the room up, trying to determine before opening my mouth, trying to monitor the harsh words that will blurted out of my mouth.
“Hey man, was the room like this last night?” he asked.
“Not that I recall.” I answered hesitantly, now trying to think back how long it had been since I was my room. So much had taken place it took me a few minutes to remember that last time I set foot in here, which would have been at least over twenty four hours ago. 
“Did you get robbed, or was this someone trying to tell you something?” he asked. Scanning the room with every sense heightened to red alert, I noticed my old laptop was stolen, but most other things were just out of place, as if the culprit was looking for something. 
“I don’t know, my laptop is gone for sure, but they went through everything. My cabinets, my bags, the closet, even the bathroom. Nobody heard anything last night?” I questioned my friend as I watched a few others picking some of the stuff up off the ground in a nice gesture.
“Nah, there were too many people here. Unless it happened during the daytime when classes are in sessions, but I don’t know man. You’re the one who’s been MIA,” Justin commented with his bold statement.
“It’s been a rough semester man, school, cheer…” I began listing the usual alibis. “I took too much on my plate this year. Besides, shit like this isn’t making things easier.” I snapped back, switching to the immediate problem at hand. “Nobody heard anything?” I interrogated again, now just hoping I would get a response. I looked at my watch, noticing I had to get to my first class of the day. “Listen, I have to go to class right now, I’ll call in a police report on my walk to class and I’ll finish cleaning this up when I get back from cheer practice.”
I stormed through campus with the very thought of the break-in definitely bothering me to the point of rage as I hustled through the campus puffing on a hand rolled cig trying to relax. Already on edge, my paranoia hit an all time high. My senses picked up on what felt like I was being followed. Please be wrong, let today for once be a normal day! I paced fast eager to sit and relax already feeling no need to pay attention to anything my professor of whatever class this was, just as long as it was something normal. I had my hands full, new allies, a new foe, the Grand Hall revealing more insight on my chaotic life. My overly friendly undead stalker, who manage to coincidentally knocking my ass right into a secret underground tunnel the vamps ignited quickly to avoid exposure of whatever was on the other end of that dark tunnel, and now my room at the fraternity house got broken into. Not to mention all the death and violence that now surrounds my life, I wonder if it’s even wise to be sitting in this very room. 
Look at these people, sheltered from the dark world that existence so blindly underneath them they wouldn’t be able to notice if it was staring right at them. I used to once be just like them, living a normal absentminded life of cheerleading and climbing the social ladder of the Greek system, taking my careless fun life for granted. My rapid thoughts were broken by the dull sound of roll call.  I dully respond when hearing my name sound off to my physical presence; however I highly doubted I would take in much from the lecture. 
Flushing the constant worries to the back of mind, I cleared my head and decided to focus on the scholastic topic at hand. The room filled with the sound of pen ink hitting the blank papers in front of them, as students drew their attention to the notes being displayed on the overhead projector. As the room silenced, I began hearing the silent whispers of almost every individual nearby, now distracting me once again. Damn telepathy, will this never end? One person was nervous, another gloating to herself with overconfidence, others skimming the questions in their thoughts. Ready to yawn hoping the physical movement would break my mental lock, another male voice caught my attention, as I held back from popping up finding the ill minded man, clearly not in attendance today for scholastic purposes.
After spending years around a bunch of overly jock type guys, your average college male would be thinking usually about food, sex, getting wasted, and then again about sex. This guy, whoever he was, had more distinct suspicious thoughts, focusing entirely on me, probably the same person I felt following me throughout campus. I could feel his disgust and hatred towards me, cursing foulness at me with his mind, clearly another person I have somehow managed to rub the wrong way. Who did I piss off this week? Yet, compared to just pissing someone off in rival fraternity house, this was on a very personal level. He wanted nothing more than to see me lying in my grave, imagining ways he could possibly take me out himself, now making a big mistake in imagining the knife he had in his pocket he wanted to stab my jugular with. 
Already not caring at all about what this guy’s problem was, I slowly moved my head from left to right, giving a curious nonchalant face pretending I was stretching my neck while hunting down another possible attacker, a human attacker this time. Most heads were down or looking at the screen making it difficult to examining everyone’s facial expression. It was no use. Although this person found a perfect spot where I couldn’t look for him with my eyes, his emotions began tense up just from my simple head move. Smart move on his part, finding a seat so far behind me, knowing I would have to turn my body entirely giving him ample time to react, as well as the luxury of a quick getaway being much closer to the entrance doors.
Wanting to just jump up out of my seat with my fist of telekinetic fury ready to unleash, I held back realizing I would have to use some careful thought. I wasn’t dealing with a vampire, witch, or anything like that but this person was well aware of the supernatural. He referred to me as Chosen One more than once in his mind, questioning what had made me so special, like I haven’t been asking myself that for months now. I didn’t know this nemesis, or felt I had ever met this person that I could think of, unable to put a face to the voice of hatred being projected mentally.
Two things I needed to do at this point, let’s first be sure this man is clearly following me, if so, then corner him and find out why. I looked down at my phone to time how much longer I had before the end of the class, planning out in my mind the course to take. Knowing he would be outside and in a hidden area he was able to keep his eye on me, I figured time to play a game of cat and mouse with my armed spy. He was dangerous enough proving that with is violent imagination; now preparing to draw him out of harm’s way from all the students. I gulped as the hand of clock had hit its inevitable time. The presence fled quickly out of the class as we were dismissed, dodging through the crowd to conceal his identity from my eyes. 
Exiting into the warm sunlight, I sighed in relief, strolling carelessly towards the quad filled with groups of friends and acquaintances, lingering around between classes, the air starting to fill with endless chatter and gossip of the latest dish. I figured to act as normal as possible, loitering, reacquainting myself with the comfort of my previous simple old life. I made my way through the various clicks I got along with, starting with quick hellos to the athletes dressed up in spirited gear, making my way to the spirited cheer team members all hyped up for the big game and the party after in the campgrounds. Another thing to worry about, damn! Swarm of groups of my favorite sorority girls I was close with came running up to hug me, asking where I have been and when we were all getting together again. It was refreshing feeling more at home as they gossiped about my fraternity brothers and how they were all assholes and on and on and on. 
Utilizing this free time, I felt around telepathically for the scheming man, keeping tabs on my every move, and sure enough he was. At times he must have walked within the crowd as more distraction of salutations broke my mental radar while he crept around observing my interactions. Even though it was risky to spend this much time in the group, I knew that acting anything outside the norm would send my spy headed for the hills. He felt defenseless in many angles, with his employers who hired him to spy, and defenseless from me if I caught up with him. My fraternity brothers were sitting amongst the vast group in the quad, as I made chit chat with some friends while we strolled casually making our way there, sitting with the guys now on the grass lawn. I scanned the whole quad, searching for an unfriendly glare. It took me a good minute until the reappearance of a person peering from the side of one of the buildings connected to the quad, finally finding a vantage point. 
Joining in with the group walking towards that direction, I grabbed my bag to walk to the classrooms with them, continuing conversations about the upcoming Halloween Homecoming; the party that I hope doesn’t turn into a massacre you see on the eleven o clock night news. Feeling the mind of my watcher several yards behind, I quickly spurted away from the crowd ducking into nearby entrance to the building. Knowing the school so well I dashed up the side stairs that I discovered one day that had roof access. Perching comfortable for the daytime, I spotted the group I had once walked with, lazily walking too consumed in their conversation to see a figure following them at a good distance, frantically pacing in his hiding area that I now had a clear view of. 
My plan worked, losing the spy’s trace with ease. Finally getting a good look of the spy, in his twenties as well, nobody I had ever seen on campus before however he blended in well. Pulling out his smart phone, using the camera feature, I watched him zoom back and forth looking for my face in the crowd that was now dispersing. He bolted the other way quickly realizing I was on to him, jogging quickly through the corridor between the buildings, scared of what was about to happen next. I had one choice to stop him in his tracks before I would lose the cover of the rooftops to the street pavement nearby. Triple checking for the clear, risking everything on my leap of faith, I jumped off the rooftop. 
Chapter 11 Catching a Spy

Freefalling stories downward with full control of the gravitational force I aimed right for the man’s chest, landing gracefully and swiftly in front of him, gripping his t-shirt and rebounding with the momentum of my leap. We soared several stories up onto the third rooftop of the next building as I tossed the creep onto the rooftop surface with full force while flipping forwards landing solidly on my own two feet. Exasperated by the tremendous velocity and momentum this perpetrator was tossed to the ground he lay there, pained and bruised from my sneak surprise attack. I brought him to the perfect place to be alone so I could interrogate this asshole.
“Stab me in the jugular you son of a bitch!” I growled in a dark tone. He glared at me with hatred revealing a small knife he was barely holding onto after I slammed him down a little too hard. “Nice try!” I taunted reaching one hand out as the knife telekinetically made its way into my hands.
“You,” he muttered in a low voice before passing out flopping down to the ground. My bad!
Why is he loyal to vampires? Why does he hate me? He looked so normal, so average, eyes filled with regular human emotions, but he followed a much darker path that now brought him here to this very rooftop. I would have concluded some innocence on his part if he had shown any sign of remorse, but his thoughts from his unconscious state of mind fed me a different emotion. I felt no remorse either, fuck this guy!
I jumped the gun today, not only taking a huge risk of the exposure of these incredible abilities that now flow throughout my body, but also neglecting the fact that my spy was only human, realizing that my scare tactic might have been over the top. We soared several stories into the air, uncommon for the ordinary person to see. I knew time was not on my side, since security swept through the campus every other hour. I grabbed my smart phone, nervous, at first ready to call, but after a second of inter debate, I texted Pete.
“Hey, are you on campus?” I asked.
“Yeah, what’s up kid?” Pete replied a few minutes after. Weights began lifting off my shoulders, completely grateful by the fact that my two new allies were so accessible. I was as few building away from the lab department, which was a perfectly concealed room compared to the classrooms bundled together inside the other buildings. 
“Meet me in Bobby’s classroom, make sure nobody is there!” I demanded in my text, quickly putting the phone back in my pocket not feeling the urge to answer a sarcastic comeback from my witty metal friend. 
Unlike the three rooftops close to one another, my destination was much further in distance. Spending the last few months leaping and bounding off the skyscrapers of the Los Angeles Basin at night with my new telekinetic endurance and strength; things like daylight, distance, and carryon luggage were the last things I worried about however that wasn’t the case right now. I would have to carry this asshole stalker with one giant leap to the lab rooftop several hundred yards away, and hope I could land silently and as gracefully all the meanwhile praying that I’m not spotted by passersby. Being one of the few times I have found myself in such a predicament, I begged the question of the capability of actual flight using the telekinetic force. Somehow propelling myself airborne continually pushing off allowing me to gain some flight, however today wasn’t go to be the day I try. Too many risk factors led me back to the mad dash ahead, scoping out any failsafe spots just in case I fall short. Quickly scooping the spy on my back, I watched for the right moment to come, awaiting the disbursement of wandering students when the next class session had began. After several minutes observing every possible breach of interruption, inhaling deeply now, taking several paced steps backward, I muttered, “Fuck it!” blatantly as raced towards the ledge.
In seconds I blasted us racing through the clear day sky across the campus, watching the taller buildings disappear from underneath changing into grass lawns and smaller cluster of buildings underneath. I pushed another energetic boost, giving me ample distance midair, sliding through the air now yards away from my designated landing zone. Excitement burst inside as I closely reached my new goal, looking ahead only to be blinded for quick second by the bright light of the sun, blinded, something I had not anticipated before takeoff, only to then feel the squirm of the now awaken vampire spy coming to consciousness, kneeing me in my soft spot. Damn, down we go! If it wasn’t for the pure fact that one of the worst things a male cheerleader has to deal with on a near daily basis, is being hit in the balls, we would have head dived right into the ground. 
Still painful, but tolerable, I gripped the man tightly with one arm as he nudged stupidly unaware he was at least three stories in the air falling fast to the grass and dirt surface now. Remembering my backup plan, I aimed towards a large older tree on the side of the building, filled with large branches and yellowed colored leaves. We slammed into the tree branches head on hearing sounds of twigs snapping and breaking from our impact, separating us from each other. I lucked out, if you would say, managing to find a sturdy thick branch holding up tight. Hearing the continuing snaps from the branches off to the side noticing the vampire’s little bitch landed on his back between a few branches, holding still as the platform underneath him deteriorated. Oh no! A final snap sound of the branch breaking from underneath the informant, something that I was dreading to hear, being the last thing I need was a dead man with a fractured spine falling from a tree on campus. Sliding quickly threw the tree, the spy fell heading for the grass and dirt surface any second. I threw out my hand holding my palm open hoping the power inside me could stop him. 
Miraculously the velocity that had once driven the spy’s body straight downward came to a telekinetic halt now levitating inches away from what could have been a messy outcome if he slammed down. Landing in a fight style pose, I gazed down the man that had been following me around now trying to pry away from my invisible grip, blindsided when steps from behind me distracted my connection, allowing the spy to fall to the ground.
“Hey, are you okay?” asked the voice in the distance. Oh no, not this guy, the damn Olympic punk ass Assistant Athletic Director. Catching my breath, I waited until he reached me while I contemplated another bullshit excuse as to why there was a beat up guy on the floor.
“I was chasing this guy down across the quad when I discovered my stolen property from the fraternity house,” I lied completely pulling it out of my ass explaining to my not so new friend from the athletic department. “I’m sorry, what was your name again?” I asked arrogantly well aware of his name, but doing my best to be cordial.
“Jean Paul,” he reintroduce himself genuinely, concerned about what he just saw. “How do you know for sure he stole from you?”
“Check the bag.” I barked a little annoyed. Reaching in an overly thought out way, Jean Paul investigated the bag, noticing my laptop, pictures, personal documents like my birth certificate, address book. He glanced back at me in astonishment. “
“That doesn’t explain you two all the way up the trees,” he touched on so observantly.
“He started climbing,” I insisted, unable to pull any more bullshit out of my ass at the moment. I wanted to dislike him for all my petty reason, but I couldn’t find it in me a complete dick to him.
“You fought him all the way up there?” his inquiring continued.
“Um, yeah!”
“Impressive, this is the second time we’ve met and each time you happen to be doing something heroic!” he exclaimed as I faced my head down with a guilty grin, remembering Jean Paul and his lover had attended my birthday bash those few months ago.
“Heroic” I asked rhetorically.
“Maybe next time you’ll be save me,” he teased in a slightly inappropriate manor. “Shouldn’t you call the police or something?” No! 
At the snap of a finger, something much better than the nuisance of dealing with university police arrived watching the large bulky figure approaching behind us laughing at the unusual damage I caused this time.
“Pete” Jean Paul exclaimed, now at ease from a friendly face.
“JP, good to see you,” Pete boasted, “It looks like this wild frat boy here just took out someone. What happened here?” he inquired, now of course staring me down with that scolding look, not nearly as scornful as other unsatisfied ice cold looks I’ve been given by my other mentor. 
“This guy stole from him Pete, look in the bag,” Jean Paul noted. “Doesn’t explain their choice of battle ground, but the kid was just trying to get his stuff back. Should I call campus security?”
“I’ll take care of this.” Pete announced, picking up the culprit throwing him over his shoulder. “Let’s go kid.” I followed behind him as ordered speechless.
“See you this weekend, hero!” Jean Paul shouted in the distance.
“This weekend?” I asked confused.
“Halloween Homecoming!” he reminded me as he turned and walked away. Chuckles from the tin man pacing through the corridor, I caught up quickly knowing he had no intention of taking this traitor to mankind to the authorities.
“What’s so funny?” I asked Pete who is horribly failing at maintaining a straight hard face as we approached the science department.
“So at least he didn’t see you jumping through the sky with a person on your back,” he replied. “Did he actual steal from you, or did you pull that out of your ass as well?” he joked.
“He did in fact, asshole! This vamp lover decided he wanted to steal some personal information about me, time to find out why.” changing my tone as we enter the hallways leading to the only isolated area I could think of. 
Seconds after we barged into Bobby’s lab, I was being stared down upon once again. Here we go again!
“What the hell is this?” Bobby screamed. “Is this a hostage? You brought him to my classroom?” he roared.
“Sorry Bobby, but no office hours today,” I demanded, not responsive to my dear professor’s absentminded banter. “He’s been spying on me for the vamps, broke into my room at the house, and has been watching me at least all day if not more.”
“Of course,” Bobby started again, “and how exactly did you apprehend him? Did you beat this shit out of him with your abilities?”
“Excuse me; I can fight without my supernatural gifts!”
“Sure you can cheerleader.” Pete snickered setting the spy down.
“Blow me!”
“Hostage,” Bobby barked returning us to the conversation at hand.
“I took my newest stalker on a little ride, that’s all. Not my fault he kicked me in my balls.”
“Did he forget the part about him soaring through the sky and crashing into a tree” Pete added annoyingly.
“Kid, what the hell happened to discretion? In the daylight showing off! What were you thinking?” Bobby yammered obnoxiously.
“This asshole couldn’t keep his thoughts to himself, thinking he could stab my in the throat,” I yelled now upset by the hardship I was getting, “Fuck Him!”
“Did he really did break into your room at the frat house?” Pete asked now, trying to put the puzzle pieces of what had taken place together.
“Yeah, the room was locked but when I opened it, everything was trashed, files, paperwork, even my laptop. He followed me into my last lecture, where he set off my senses, and I tricked him by sending him on a wild goose chase. He’s working for them, a vampire’s little bitch!”
“Familiars,” Bobby stated sternly.
“So what, now the vamps are sending spies around watching my every move, tracking my day to day life?”
“Looks like it.” Pete replied rummaging through my stolen stuff in shock at how much the thief had obtained.
“What are you going to do, interrogate him here while he’s out cold?” Bobby asked. “I do have office hours you know.”
“I am going to interrogate him my frosty friend, just not the ordinary way.”
“Use your telepathy?” Pete asked.
“I have to try. I need to know what the vampire’s are up to.”
“Are you sure you’re ready for this kid? Hearing a glimpse of people’s thoughts around you is one thing but entering another person’s mind is a whole different level,” my frosty mentor lectured.
“This stupid familiar went to a great deal of trouble to gather all this in tell, and I want to know why.  Besides, I figure it would be more discrete if I interrogate his mind before he awakens once more.”
“He’s got a point Bobby.” Pete agreed.
“Are you sure you know what you are doing kid, using your telepathy?” 
“Of course,” I lied. This ability allowing me to connect with others minds and thoughts, warning me of the threat to come, was now going to be put to the test. 
Truthfully I had relied mostly on my telekinetic and sixth sense gifts, rarely utilizing my ability to connect with another person’s mind and thoughts. I had study many references and theories of the paranormal and magic of the mind was quite tricky, taking careful focus of the conjurer’s peace of mind. When the ascension of my supernatural gifts happened, the telepathic thoughts that floated around were overwhelming, taking me weeks trying to control the brainwaves. Even being able to control it for the most part, I notice every day how much stronger this pulsating sensation of my powers growing inside. I still struggled at times keeping it under control. 
Glancing at the entrance door where Pete now stood, I nodded making the door close. Pete then locked the door, while Bobby sat in his desk chair and patiently waiting to witness another test trial of my abilities with an uneasy look in his face. Learning that touching a person practically invites me into the vast mind of the person inner most thoughts compared to the whispers and glimpses I was used to picking up on. I placed my hand on the man’s shoulder facing him eye to eye, now locking our mental connection clearly and precise.
A tingling feeling quickly flowed through me, feeling the man’s internal distress, deep and utter fear for his life, unsure of what wrath we would be brought upon him by both his employer who sent him on this mission, or what the three of us would do. Rather than hearing the thoughts, I was granted complete access inside the familiar’s mind, taking me from the chair of the classroom now surrounded by mystic fog containing flashback memories projected from his head, so vividly I felt like I was standing in the hologram of the Grand Hall, having such a realistic feeling watching the events that had taken place. “Holy shit,” I cursed. I quickly look down at his torn up shirt, to reveal pledge pin from my fraternity. Son of a bitch, this little spy situation has now become more complex that I imagined. How long has this guy been following me? Staring madly at the informant, I released my hand from his shoulder and started fidgeting in my seat, tapping my fingers on the chair arm, unsatisfied with the fragments my supernatural investigation uncovered. I had to figure out how to deal with this new problem at hand, not sure what fate lied for defeated spy. After a long period of silence, my train of thought was broken.
“Are you okay” Bobby asked. “Were you able to figure anything out?”
“He’s been watching me all this time, since the night I stopped him from stealing purses,” I informed them. It occurred to me after taking a closer look, seeing that the man who passed out in front of me was the same man from the altercation on my birthday party when I dashed out and retrieved my friend’s stolen purse. Having been months since, his appearance had change immensely, no longer looking like a desperate junkie, cleanly dressed, showered, even changed hair color. On top of that, I had spent little time attending many functions of the fraternity since I had taken in this new life, not suspecting a fellow brother or the pledges, only to be one hundred percent wrong. Knots tied my stomach tightly causing the muscles spasms throughout my body, standing confused as to why this horrible enslavement had happen to him.
“Are you saying this guy is the thief from the party?” Bobby asked.
“They stalked him down, took him prisoner and planted him to blend in as a student here on campus, even having pledge my own fraternity house to keep tabs on me.” The two were now behind me observing the man from head to toe, both acknowledging the pledge pin on his shirt.
“I’ve been to your house one too many times,” Bobby remarked, “I can spot your pledges from across the quad.”
“I saw bits and pieces of inside, but they targeted him just because I showed him compassion that night. He was just a man struggling to find a meal whose very life was stripped from him just because of me.”
“Maybe they forced him with their hypnotic persuasion.” Pete noted.
“He resents me for it, for pulling him into this dark chaos, despises me for it.”
“Don’t let it get to you kid, “Bobby said with concern in his voice. “It’s cruel that they did this to him but we have to remember he is one of their spies. What happens when he wakes up?” 
The three of us glanced at each other several times not sure of a proper response. 
Pete’s previous words sparked an idea in my mind but it would once again be a test of my telepathic abilities. I’ve always felt capable of not just reading and studying the mind, but also push a thought or persuasion, feeling I could erase his confrontation with me. “I can erase his mind,” I announced moments later.
“Have you gone mad?” Bobby asked in his teacher like voice.
“Do you have a better plan popsicle?”
“Kid, that’s a few pegs up your level,” Pete added.
“I know it’s possible, I’ve read up about it,” I explained, “I’ll try to erase his mind of ever meeting us, and then track him. Kind of like a Jedi Mind Trick.” 
“We’ve been around telepaths before kid, so slow your roll.” Bobby interrupted,” You haven’t anything practice this yet, are you sure you can do this?”
“I believe I can, you want to know why,” I asked him nodding for a response. “It’s because I have the two of you to guide me along the way.”
“I turn into ice and Pete turns into metal. Telepathy isn’t in that category, how are we able to help you?”
“Destiny,” I sarcastically say, rolling my eyes. The Voice said I wasn’t doing this alone, time for them to pitch in. 
For fifteen minutes I try listening to the instructions they could offer based off of past experiences. I already knew how to access his memories scanning through computer files. Transmitting any form of a thought was different from listening and looking. The two were at a lost, explaining their day to day interactions were telepaths, however evidentially not ever curious to how a telepath’s mind works. The two whispered to each other looking at Bobby’s smart phone debating about something before they both nodded in agreement. Bobby pressed on the touch screen and puts the phone near his ear. What the hell is he doing? We’ve got a passed out spy lying here and he’s making a phone call?
“Hey Rachel, its Bobby, how are you?” he conversed through the phone. “To make a long story short, I’m here with an inexperience telepath who could use some advice, can you talk to him?”
“You call this training me, Professor!” I shouted. “Destiny found me some great teachers, not!”
“Take the phone princess!” I gave Bobby a nasty look before taking the phone out of his hand.
“Hello,” I perked up giving him a middle finger in the process.
“Hi, my name is Rachel, Rachel Summers. I hear you need some advice?” the soft young woman’s voice inquired, sounding barely in her teens. I wonder why they called up a teenager versus someone more experienced with powers of telepathic persuasion. 
“Indeed Ms. Summers, I do.” I replied to the friendly voice from the phone. “It is a pleasure to meet you Ms. Summers.”
“Likewise.” she cordially responded. 
After a brief discussion of the main situation at hand, summing it up as quickly as I could, condensing the story in order to get further instructions on how to approach manipulating one’s mind. My new friend Rachel explained in a way I was able to comprehend what she was imply when going over certain feelings and senses when using telepathy. The fact that she was in her teenage years, also only recently developing her abilities, her perspective was gratefully helpful, cautioning me on the manner I approached the familiar’s mind, giving me a general guideline to follow. Saying goodbye, now facing the unconscious familiar lying back in his seat, I reached two fingers from both hands, placing them on the sides of his temple. 
Inhaling a deep breath, I closed my eyes and focused on connecting to the man’s brain once more. I scanned for the images of our confrontation inside his head, now transcending commands to the informant instructing him to forget everything that had transpired. I convinced him that he had never crossed paths with me at any moment during the last two days other than his daily habitual spy schedule. Given my powers of persuasion are much more efficient than the parlor trick of glamouring that the vampires use, I was sure they would be unable to determine if he was under any mind control. I then alerted him with loud mental noises, waking him from his sleep, once again staring at each other eye to eye, both my hands breaking away from his temples. 
“Once you walk out these doors, you will forget as told, do you understand?” I asked.
“Yes.” the hypnotic familiar agreed.
“Then you are dismissed.” I growled at the possessed spy. The spy stood up and rushed out the door, returning the world completely unaware of what had taken place during our confrontation. Holding my breath as his exit felt extended by the intensity of the room, I maintained a connection to his mind, checking to see if my ability was capable to hold place once he left the perimeter. 
“What just…” Pete started to speak until I threw my hand up, signaling to shut up while I homed in on the spy now walking outside the building. Once he was far away and feeling lost out in the middle of campus, I let out a huge sigh of relief that I was able to accomplish so much after a much unforeseen disaster. “What just happened?” Pete asked again, as I turn back towards the very unhappy role models.
“Our newest problem that I hopefully just solved,” I answered.
“At least that gives you a better idea as to who raided your room at the house last night.” Bobby remarked.
“News travels fast,” I muttered under my breath.
“Of course it does when you post it on your status on Facebook. I am surprised you didn’t blab about the explosion in the LA River. Yeah, news travels fast.” he snickered back at me.
“Back off snow flake, I’ve had a long last few nights!” I mocked, “First being lured in by a vampire feeding off of someone and not kill to my surprise, only to make a move on me.”
“Made a move on you?” Bobby inquired suspiciously.
“To top that off,” I disrupted him completely pretending I didn’t hear his question, “then tossed into the river only to discover that tunnel so well guarded I couldn’t even get fifty feet from getting a look inside before they blew that shit up, so not my fault.”
“Ok kid, we know that, not accusing you of anything.” Pete interrupted noticing my defensive tone.
“Don’t worry about it kid,” Bobby assured me, “you weren’t spotted at all so it’s not a huge deal, you just need to be careful. I told you before, you are drawing a lot of attention to yourself these days, and I highly doubt you of all people would want to deal with these spectators.”
“Like whom Bobby?” I pondered.
“For starters, more than just vampires are aware of your existence, and probably consider you a threat too. On top of that, I’ve spotted a handful of top secret government agents lurking around. Just be careful is all I ask, now what happened with that punk ass who just left here at your command?”
“Well, it started this morning…” I began summing up the events that had taken place from sunrise on, explaining every detail up to the final intervention inside the lab room, until it dawned on me. “So, Professor’s, who else do you the two have on that speed dial you can call for my next over the lesson via conference call?” I teased.
“He, we aren’t telepaths, so we figured having you talk to someone who just came into their powers would be able to relate with you.”
“Damn, that’s a good point.”
“I hate to add any more onto your plate kid,” Bobby added, “but something big is about to go down, I can feel it.”
“I agree, if they’ve gone this far not only just trying to kill you but also keeping tabs on you, it’s inevitable,” Pete noted.
“Why do you think that?” I asked.
“You’re becoming an unstoppable threat in their eyes.”
“Halloween Homecoming,” I blurted out.
“It’s less than a week away.” Bobby reminded me.
“Do you really think they’ll be desperate enough to expose themselves in front of that many humans?” Pete asked. “The vamps have always kept their race a secret to the normal world. Attacking on an event like this would expose them for sure.”
“Last night, at the river, I watched countless numbers out vampires going in and out of the tunnel before I stumbled upon it,” I informed them. “They’re gathering their numbers.” The three of us stood there now contemplating the possibility of a large scale assault at this upcoming event taken out by the bloodsuckers. 
“So what’s your plan, cheerleader?” Bobby challenged, curious to see if he would agree with my last minute plan.
“Well, Professor dial-a-friend, I say for the time being we lay low on night patrol. Focus our attention on the human informant, keep tabs on him and see if he has any knowledge that might hint to us what the vampires are planning.”
“Pete, you’ve got a flexible day schedule for the most part?” Bobby inquired.
“Yeah, want me to follow the thief around this week?” Pete asked.
“If you don’t mind, I think if kid starts snooping around the spy might get suspicious.”
“Good point Professor,” I acknowledged, “continue to act natural. Stick to the norm, I’ll do my thing in the day and continue patrolling at night. Pete, as of now the only ally they’ve haven’t associated with me yet so I need you lay low, stay undercover. You’re presence in the event of a disaster will give us the element of surprise.”
“Impressive kid,” Bobby remarked, “he’s right. I’ll do my best to dig up some info on this vamp bitch when I’m on campus. Are you sure your mind tricks going to hold up?”
“Now that I know who the hell he really is not to mention the fact he’s rushing my fraternity, I’m sure he’ll stay close enough to breach his thoughts. Only bad thing is my busy schedule with cheer practice and all but I’ll manage.”
“You are act as if being a cheerleader is like being a real athlete.” Pete taunted.
“Shouldn’t have said that,” Bobby warned.
“Cheerleader’s are athletes you metal prick! Let me see you try stunting, jumping, and tumbling with a god damn smile on your face even when your entire body aches from the intense sport cheerleading is, got it!”
“Got it,” he answered back.
“Do you know what would happen if you said that in front of my coach? She would chew you out and probably try tearing out your metal heart.”
“That woman scares the shit out of me,” Bobby added.
“You’re telling me,” I reminded him, “try being on her team. Which is where I have to be shortly gentlemen, shall we rendezvous at you know where later?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Bobby agreed.
“Cheer your heart out kid! Be aggressive…” Pete yelled annoyingly.
“B-E Aggressive,” I shouted back giving him double middle fingers to the face!
Chapter 12 Homecoming Halloween

One Week Later…
“L E T S G O, Let’s Go!” the cheer team and I roared on the sidelines of the pumped up event of the semester all synchronized in uniform looking our best. The stands were packed with fans and spectators, dressed in tradition Halloween costumes of all types, the lights of the stadium bright as the football team kicks off starting the game. Glow sticks and lighted up banners filled the stands as the spectators boasted into loud cheers and celebration, many of them being fellow college peers already intoxicated for the festivities. 
There I stood, uniformed in the school colors of blue, black, and white, plastered with the peppy smile on my face, flowing through the motions of the routine. The sun was still out giving me some relief while I showed my spirit for the football team. I scanned the crowds, only seeing so far mostly recognizable faces as the stands filled quickly. I spotted the typical clicks sitting together, giving me a sense of satisfaction feeling somewhat at home again, having blast doing the thing I loved to do, even knowing the entire time that danger could appear at any moment. Focusing on the excitement, I performed with great enthusiasm, jumping and flipping at every major play as the football players destroy its rival competition. So far, the evening had gone pretty smoothly, as the first quarter on the game goes by quickly, the sound of the band instruments filling the stadium with gleeful bliss. I had hoped this positive vibe would continue for the rest of the night, not wanting the end of this night turning into another blood bath. 
As my number one natural weapon began to slowly disappears, the stadium lights brighten the night sky with the sun now fully set. More spectators begin to fill the seats of the stadium as they wait anxiously for the half time events, some well recognizable while others covered up with an assortment of masks and costumes making it difficult to concentrate on any suspicious activity going. From princes and princesses, pirates, astronauts, witches, devils, angels, the infamous Scream mask, and of course the high number of people dressed in dark cloaked attire with their mouths filled with plastic fangs, appearing to be the very things I was watching for tonight, vampires. When the decision was first made for this special event, I was one hundred percent all in not expecting any supernatural disasters that can occur, unaware of the dangers that dwelled in the darkness. At this point I wanted nothing more that for this dual celebration to end as soon as possible. 
To my dissatisfaction, I spotted the vamp bitch spy, comfortably placing himself with the rest of my fraternity group, all decked out for tonight. He seemed just as caught up with the sports event, not his usual jumpy self even since our confrontation a week ago when I discovered he was a spy for the infamous governing body of the vampire race after overhearing his hateful thoughts. I hated the very site of him near my friends and fraternity brothers. The spy seemed to be unaware of any presumed danger based off the mental vibes I read off his mind. I assumed as much since I felt it was rare of the undead to inform the mole of their possible plans for tonight. 
Scanning the crowd during my break intervals, further ahead up in the stadium seats, I noticed good old Bobby Drake sitting amongst the faculty section behind the massive groups of various student organizations that take the front and center row, wearing a blue and black ninja like outfit that resembled the character Sub Zero from Mortal Kombat, so original, perfectly planting himself near the culprit also keeping close tabs on him. Stalking around the stands sticking out like a sore thumb wearing an orange Flintstone’s costume with his massive build was Pete Rasputin skimming through the aisles of the stadium, watching out as well for our undead foes. 
I couldn’t lie to myself being a little envious watching everyone enjoying the festive time. If this was a year ago when my life was normal, I would have been furious not being able to dress in a costume on Halloween of all nights being able to partake in all the festivities without a care in the world, upset by the mere fact of having to be in my cheer uniform. However tonight, finally having a comfortable feeling of normalcy, I was happy to be in my cheerleading uniform, even if I didn’t get to dress up like my fellow peers and colleagues in the stands. Trying not to burst out into laughter stuck standing on the sideline, I turned back towards the field and continued watching the game going on as the football teams is close to making another touchdown. The clock counted down while the team inched their way ahead. Fans burst into applause as the team crossed the goal line. Touchdown! The band began pounding away to the beat of our fight song as fans leap from their seats in pure joy, everyone except me. Rather than immediately running after the exciting play with the rest of the cheer team as they headed towards the field goal post, my attention was distracted turning back towards the audience as I dragged slowly behind them now on high alert. 
A breeze picked up throughout the stadium causing chills to go down my spine, all the meantime setting up behind the goal post to execute cheerleader’s stunt pyramid for the extra point kick. Shortly after lifting up my flyer I was instantly overwhelmed by my supernatural senses going haywire. Of course just my luck, happening at the worst time, while in the middle of a stunt almost dropping the cheerleader I was holding up before I recovered it, feeling the shift of body weight in enough time to keep the flyer from falling, regaining control of her upright body position. Looks like I still needed some more adjusting into this newfound super sixth sense. After rushing back from the goal post then finishing our fight song routine, I rallied to the crowd with the cheesiest fake smile scanning for my allies. Spotting the two supernatural individuals, Bobby and Pete had already separated into the stands noticing something was wrong from the distance. 
I felt stuck, unable to do anything about the unwelcomed guest that had arrived, but my obligations tonight involved me being here maintaining somewhat of a normal life. Balancing my concentration on both the involved duty of routing on the football team on top of my telepathic search of any danger became overwhelming difficult with all the commotion going on around. Time slowly went by but I was relieved to see that nothing bad had taken place since the warning sign of danger. The buzzard went off finishing up the first half of the game, and now onto the halftime event. This was going to be a long night!
Hours later we had finally reached the end of the game to my relief with a well deserved win which was cause for even more celebration, however the feeling of imminent danger still lingered tingling throughout my skin every moment. I was grateful that no gruesome horrible accident had occurred, so far. Only having one quick chance to converse with my supernatural comrades, they had left for the campground where the after party celebration event would continue. As soon as the after game traditions were done, the entire cheer team had scrambled quickly to the bus taking our seats quickly finally getting to the fun part of the night. 
Boast of laughter and excitement filled the bus as we drove through streets making our way to the canyons. Gazing outside the windows, I watched as blurred figures speed past in the distance of the slow moving bus. Will they never give up? The one thing the vamps had was their uncanny velocity, some much faster than others able to reach speeds that can keep up with a man made vehicle. Tempted by the passing around of the little glass bottle hidden under a cheer jacket, I extended my hand and took a few chugs, boosting my spirits if you know what I mean. I had to blend in and appear normal tonight, and I had to admit after an edgy past few hours, the drink was well needed, not chasing it down with anything like a champ. 
Our destination was close, as I continued to move from seat to seat casually watching for anything or anyone following us. The enemy was definitely nearby, continuing to set off my super sixth sense, but I eventually gave up once our destination was in site. The event was starting twenty minutes once everyone was in place for the opening ceremony before the unofficial after party would begin starting off the real celebration partying until four in the morning for majority of the students and party goers. The team set I place of the opening ceremony where we simply made a tunnel for the teams as they approach the stage. I wanted to fully partake in the fun and excitement around me but I was still troubled by the continuous warning signals coursing inside.
The ceremony finished quickly as the crowd filled up the entire venue taking over every inch of the campground. Costumed people flooded around the bowl style stage now glowing from the luminous setup synchronized with the bass of my DJ fraternity brother’s sound system. The official duties of the spirited style pep rally now ended merging into this unofficial Halloween Homecoming after party, something I would compare to a music festival going or more commonly known as a rave. Glow sticks, music, strobe lights, as costumed bodies bumped and grinded to the rhythmic energy of the music while others converse amongst the seated areas, drinks in hand chit chatting away. 
Finally being able to join our peers, the cheer team and I dispersed from the stage heading out to join their festivities. I unfortunately was unable to avoid my everyday friends who swarmed me by surprise handing me a delicious blue Adios I could not resist. I was well aware of the fact I need to be on my guard and find my other two allies, but so far everything was fine. I quickly chugged the drink down, giving me a little extra kick. I still had to act natural, although I expected some sort of lecture later. Oh well, fuck it!
I walked over passing the light tiki torches set up all around the campground. My initial thought these were a fire hazard around these drunk-asses, but tonight these little bad boys might just come in handy. Twenty minutes later a large orange figured emerged from the main stage crowd dancing the night away with the video game character by his side, both looking sternly at me when noticing I had gotten caught up in the gossip of the Greek system passing the hand rolled cig to the nearest person in the circle with drink number four in hand. Dismissing myself before the two reach the group, I dash up to my hilariously dressed mentors with an innocent look on my face, shouting “There you guys are, I’ve been looking all over for you!”
“Sure you have kid,” Bobby sarcastically shouted back, rolling his eyes. “How many drinks have you had?”
“One,” I fibbed.
“Six,” Bobby guessed.
“Three,” I fibbed again.
“Having fun without us?” Pete joked before being elbowed by Bobby. 
“I’m hanging out with friends and didn’t want to be, um, rude.”
“Bullshit,” Bobby stated grabbing the remaining drink in my hand taking the last swig of it, “a word kid.”
“Dick!” I cursed annoyed not being able to finish the delicious adios. How typical, these two coming in ruining my five minutes of fun.
We moved out of the main stage area into the lawn areas of the ground moving off to the side giving us a little privacy.
“So, how many?” Pete asked.
“Three I told you!”
“Not drinks kid,” Bobby noted.
“Oh shit,” I replied realizing they what they were imply. 
“Can you get an idea?” Bobby inquired, implying to use my telepathy to feel for the undead minds. Even though they were undead didn’t mean they didn’t feed off some sort of thoughts, although strange compared to a normal living mind. I closed my eyes, flooding away the noises and music out of my head, focusing on my sixth sense. Distance noises of leaves flying through the air from burst of fast moving objects indicated we were not alone at all, but sounds were in constant motion, possible circling the grounds. 
“What is it?” Pete asked.
“There’s movement going on all around the outside perimeter circling the outside perimeter constantly.” I responded still keeping my eyes closed now clearing my mind with the extraordinary force flowing rapidly throughout my body into my mind boosting the mental gifts.
“They’re trying to throw you off your ability,” Bobby interrupted, “keeping in constant motion so you can’t pin point a location.”
“So mentor, what do I do?” I asked comprehending his wise words.
“How far do you think they are?” Pete asked.
“Possibly a quarter of a mile if I’m picking it up right but haven’t come closer yet,” I replied.  “Wonder that they are waiting for?”
“They’re probably awaiting order,” Bobby guessed, “watching your every movement.”
“Let’s hope they have only been watching me,” I muttered. “I need the element of surprise.”
“Only time will tell.” Pete stated coldly.
“What should we do in the mean time?” Bobby inquired, now asking for orders.
“Stick with the plan,” I boldly stated, “Blend in until the time comes.” I commanded as we each looked at each other, Subzero, Fred Flintstone, and the cheerleader, the three of us here to defend the night. 
The grounds were covered deep inside the canyon, with vast array of hills, bushes, and trees, beyond that nothing but empty darkness, making it difficult to pin point a possible rendezvous area. The three of us went with the initial plan, blending in with the other party goers, as we separated to surveillance some of the entry ways they possible had scouted out. I walked toward to stage area again, part of the complex that was furthest back, with the empty hilltops shortly behind. Majority of the crowd still danced the night away, as I gyrated with the sound of the beat slowly making my way thru the dance floor, deciding I should at least take advantage of the downtime rejoining the large group of my normal non superpower friends, all decked out in various costumes breaking down in a circle. After doing a double take, making sure my mentors didn’t catch me once again socializing. Boasts of excitement came from the group as they noticed me parting the massive crowd as they signal for me to join in. 
Hearing one of my favorite Rihanna songs “Disturbia”, I zipped my way to the center as I shimmied to the beat, mimicking the lyrics to the song. Once again I was surprisingly handed a nice cocktail from the last person I would have expected to run into, Jean Paul and his lover by his side. I smiled genuinely, curious of my new admirer, I shout over the music, “Thank you! What’s this for?” I asked, trying to start some small talk, thrown off by the gesture.
“Just thought you could use a drink, you’ve had a busy week,” he smirked back at me, reminding me of our recent encounter on campus. “I was just telling Kyle over here about your crazy brawl with the guy on campus,” gesturing towards his companion with his body language. I extended my hand, reintroducing myself to him since the last time we met was at the birthday party. Geez, I tend to meet lots of people whenever I go out to parties. What can I say, I’m a likeable guy!
“Hey man, nice to see you again,” I said with my bro like voice.
“Hey, good to see you again, from the party a few months ago, right?” he shrugged me off a little with his tone. “Good job today,” he threw in with a less nasty tone, catching himself.
“Thanks, that’s me, the cheerleader frat guy.” I giggled slightly ducking my head.
“Yeah man, you looked great out there man, not fighting or chasing downs people for a change!” Jean Paul exclaimed to me giving me look as if he was pleased with what he was seeing. Flattered, I made little small talk with them elaborating on the duos interesting matching costumes for the night, Jean Paul as a white winged angel and Kyle as a dark winged angel, cutely matched I must say. These two were on my so-so list, being my scholarship was technically cut to pay this guys salary for some bullshit excuse to enhance the athletic department, being lucky enough to get a student loan that would get me through the years. I stood there ignoring our chit chat trying to find more reasons not to like this decent guy, who was been very flattering since the day we met, that was even nice enough to buy me a much need drink as the celebration was still going with the music blasting through the early hours of the morning. 
A small group of the cheerleaders and sorority girls strolled up to us intruding on our conversation just at the right time dissolving the awkwardly vibe between the three of us. As everyone chit chatted, a silence snatched my attention, deafening the loud noises surrounding me. I stood up straight now, fully concerned and focusing on the silence alerting me to the danger near. They’re making a move. My worst fear finally coming true. Oh no, it’s beginning!
Chapter 13 The Battle of Halloween Homecoming

The continuous movement of the suspicious vampires that had circled the campground had came to a sudden halt, now gathered together on the opposite end of the stage  as I sensed the arrival of some sort of authority. Not even thirty seconds later the rapid movement of the blurred figures picked up again, closing in their radius isolating the campground. More orders were given based on the commotion going on in the distance covered by the pitch black darkness of the barren hills that covered them in the process, hearing sounds of objects snapping and breaking faintly over the music blasting close by. 
Dismissing myself from the group, I pushed drastically through the crowd frantically searching for Bobby and Pete. It was three in the morning and even though a large amount of the attendees had departed on the first few buses, there were still at least over a hundred people still partying their asses off, intoxicated and unaware of the soon to be bloodbath. They found their moment of opportunity, as the vampires now closed in from all sides, stopping maybe a few hundred feet outside the campground perimeter, stopping briefly as each I could feel each blurred figure making their way into position. Before pummeling my way through half the crowd huddled dancing near the stage, the immense terror began in the least expected way. 
Sounds of joy and laughter had been disrupted by one scenario we had not prepared for when large massive rocks, boulders, and broken down trees filled the night sky being launched and thrown from every side direction smashing anything and everything in the crossfire. I snapped my head towards the stage to see large amounts of heavy debris all aimed towards the main stage and dance floor where majority of the students were gathered. Screams of terror filled the air as parts of the stage structure collapsed. Windows shattered all around us, and electrical equipment sparked dangerously now from electrical poles smashing into the cabins and the entrance signs, blockading and trapping some of the intoxicated students inside the stage area. Son of a bitch! 
My body froze once the cries of pain and agony of the people now injured from being caught in the crossfire amplified, feeling their overwhelming pain from the mental turmoil that swept the air waves. Shaking myself out of the telepathic trance, I knew I had to act now, regardless of being discrete since we never anticipated the vampires coordinating so well, utilizing natural heavy objects turning nicely built campground into ground zero from a distance. Now throwing both my arms up towards the oncoming catastrophe in an upwards open-hand motion, utilizing each hand for different uses. One hand using the massive telekinetic force to slow down the objects torpedoing towards us while the other hand kept reversing the objects with a telekinetic thrust back in the direction they came from, now feeling the sensational power ignite vibrantly through my fingertips. 
I watched the panic crowd as they hauled ass towards the single narrow pathway towards the exit of the venue, sprinting and shoving through each other ducking as it rained heavy man-crushing object. Rushing in a lighting fast dash towards the stage, I motioned with every part of my body using the telekinetic push, jumping, tucking, and dodging the objects as I maneuvered closer in where the largest boulder would most likely land, once again engaging with my telekinetic might, as some rocks and trees rerouted their course while others broke into smaller pieces upon the energy’s impact. Unable to stop all the objects, another large boulder made its way falling fast in the direction of a small group now trapped by the collapsed structures around at the edge of the stage, amongst the group are of course three girls from the cheer team as well as the two gentlemen I had conversed with right before the change of atmosphere. Damn, where the hell is my backup? Oh well, here we go again! 
Leaping and twist through the clutter-filled air, I landed on the side of the stage, first moving the fallen lamp post opening a path to safety allowing the three girls to escape as I toss the broken down poll onto the already broken up stage. My bad! I turned to see the boulder nearly approaching as I twisted around getting in front of the two men, pushing them to the ground as I blocked the two from the stone mass feet away from us. Using every ounce of energy I had left in me gripping both my hands in a crush like motion desperately fighting to slow it and break it down enough to shield us from the rubble. With a miraculous turn of events, the large boulder had begun crumbling down in size causing the momentum of the rock to slow down. Throwing my right arm out with my tightly clenched first directly out as the rock made contact with my kinetic punch, blowing the massive stone into crumbled concrete, using my other hand to hold up a shield to block any heaver objects from hitting us, as the broken pieces of the boulder and debris hit the ground.
I quickly check on Jean Paul and Kyle, making sure neither was injured before instructing them to follow the massive crowd exiting in a panic, both acknowledging and getting on their feet as I help each one up. After helping lift a slightly injured Jean Paul from the ground, he firmly grabbed my hand, clasping his two warm hands over mine with the most sincere look in his eyes as he stated in a low voice “You saved us! Thank You,” he stated with gratitude as I quickly turned around and started walking.
“You’re welcome” I replied back, feeling a surge of positive aura flowing through the hands holding mine. What the hell? Letting go, I waved the two of them as they join the mass crowd not before Jean Paul turned to meet my gaze one more time, seeing the worry in his face knowing that I had no intention of running for safety. Watching the herd of college students struggling to get to the access road unaware of the dangerous creatures still hidden in the dark shadows continuing their aerial assault, possibly anticipating the quick panic leading towards the only access way, it dawned on me. “Oh shit!” I cursed in frustration, now hoping we didn’t play into a possible trap set for the fleeing people.
To my surprise and utter relief, I heard the sound of the moisture in the air freezing behind me as the familiar chilly breeze brushes against my skin. “It’s about damn time!” I blurted out loud. Iceman had already taken his frozen form now soaring through the air still in his Sub Zero costume, blasting the objects freezing them the a point of easy deterioration, causing most of the objects to crack and break on contact. Ice sliding above the crowd hovering over the massive group as they exit to the parking area near the exit to the canyon road, Bobby protected them using his airborne advantage at times descending and turning sideways as he knocked out a few vampires or froze off objects like he was skateboarding freely on an ice formed ramp. Damn, Professor Drake’s pretty kick ass! Colossus, also in metal form, had taking the opposite end of the campground by the fire pit area, also doing his best to cover the frantic party goers, jumping several times at great height blocking the massive rocks that just bounced off his enormous metal planted down body. Finally back up has arrived! Giving each other silent signals, I stood at my location while my other two comrades took control of the front sections of the campground.  
Some vamps started closing in creeping up a little at a time while continuing their circular movements while others tossed shit at the crowd hidden in the shadows. I could sense them as a few managed to make their way into the massive herd already hunting the partygoers by the sounds of terror. We had spent hours practicing so many different scenarios that could have played out tonight, but the distraction of fly rocks, trees, and whatever large objects they managed to find in the hills was not one of them. 
My attention turned back to the center stage again predicting another catastrophe, bounding into the air landing on the stage with ease getting the chance to examine the situation in front of me. One of the light fixtures had already crashed down on top of the DJ booth setup across the way, with my fraternity DJ friend trapped underneath, moaning in pain for help. Reaching out with one hand, I began levitating the heavy fixture. 
“Run!” I shouted to my friend, pretending as if I was holding it up with my own strength ignoring his bewildered look by the strange sudden strength and agility, only caring that he was free and now had a chance to run for it. Cracking noises from the above indicated that the second fixture was coming down, tossing my free hand out now slowing the other fixture down while maneuvering the other fixture towards the back of the stage which was no easy task. 
I redirected my attention towards the crowd while multitasking with the objects still in my telekinetic grip, watching horrific devastation unfold. Having a higher perspective being on the stage level, I began evaluating the destroyed campgrounds catching a glimpse of the countless bystanders that had been hurt during the crossfire, injured and immobile, all cause of me. My stomach knotted in pain knowing this chaos was practically invited in just because they knew I would be vulnerable. Look what I brought to the very people I care for and see day to day. When will this ever end? Regardless, I couldn’t let my inner doubts be the reason why my friends, my peers, my fellow man meets their fatal deaths, not tonight. I have to stop this!
Caught up by my own inner turmoil, before having the chance to set the two objects down gently, a sudden blow from behind sent me flying off the stage crashing into the hillside that surrounded the bowl. It caused me to lose my grip of the two light fixtures that had plummeted downward instantly causing en enormous crashing sound as objects slammed into the stage floor. As I regained total consciousness from the unforeseen blow, the blurred figures of our attackers had moved quickly onto the campgrounds disguised in Halloween costumes blending in with everyone else dressed in theme. They overwhelmed the private security that stood no chance against the predators coming in from every direction, some purposely blocking the only main escape route while others began grabbing random partiers, terrorizing them beating them painfully not holding any restraint. Now in full assault mode, the bloodsuckers continued trashing and destroying the facility while they continued horrifying the defenseless students that were unable to escape, some starting to drain the very lives out of their prey. 
Getting back to my feet, I looked towards the direction of the stage I had been knocked off of to find a cloaked figured standing at the center stage holding a large metal poll, probably what was used to pummel me to the ground. Behind me, two vamps charged at me out of the dark bushes. My supernatural reflexes took over, roundhouse kicking the male one on the face, then bending my knee backwards as I grasped my leg around the bloodsucker’s neck locking him down. The female vamp tried to distracting me with another swift punch, but I had telekinetically pushed her a few yards away. Twisting with my bent leg, I heard the quick snapping of my first attacker’s neck breaking instantly, as the vermin flaked away into blazing ash. The second one charged again, this time the two of us engaging in full hand to hand combat, blocking and throwing jabs and kicks in a choreographed like manner.  I pinned the she vamp into a collapsed tree near by forcing her entire body to fall into the sharp wooden ends, defeating my second attacker.
Standing upright once more, I noticed more speeding blurs coming to a halt surrounding me in a full circle, with my Faceless Foe above me on the stage. I also noticed that the number of innocent bystanders had decreased drastically using their catapulting assault to divert as many human witnesses away from the scene as possible, using the commotion to trap me where I stood. Unlike many of the previous altercations with the vampires usually taking on just a handful at a time, I found myself completely outnumbered, and not by a typical vamp I would run into on the streets, but highly trained and powerful vampires than before swarmed around me hissing with their fangs retracted. Son of a bitch!
Movement from the main access way turned all of our attention to two more bloodsuckers, the front one dragging a beaten up body, drenched with blood stains, but from the looks of it was still alive. Bringing him closer to the stage floor, I noticed the a second vampire followed behind, a larger well dressed vampire, not in costume, as the circle undead now slightly bowing at the arrival of this apparent figure of hierarchy. A brown hair fair foreign looking heavy set man although appearing to be in his mid thirties, in reality must have been at least four to five hundred years old based off the pale dead flesh and predated attire he wore. Stalking his way towards me signaling the other as they brought the beaten human to his feet, then glaring above my sight, observing the Faceless Foe still perched on the stage glaring right back at me. I took a closer look at the man they had tortured during this invasion realizing that the bruised and battered guy was their loyal informant, completely distraught and disoriented. Furious at the sight of their horrific actions, I clenched my fist as I shot a disgusting look at the vampire posing in a defensive stance waiting on the leader of this catastrophic assault to make dare make his next move.
“Well, well, well…” the monster growled in a European accent, “we meet at last. The whispered rumors throughout the supernatural world for decades now, the chosen ones so powerful it will confound us all,” he described in a monotone voice, “the ones whose blood, the very essence of all of life itself that flows through your very veins, the same blood my kind crave and devour to sustain our immortal lives, only to be the very poisonous blood able to destroy one of my kind with a mere few drops. Finally here we all stand, before me at last!”
“You sound disappointment.” I taunted back.
“On the contrary, I am quite impressed. You have exceeded our expectations from…” the vamp paused catching his eyes shift towards the Faceless Foe slightly, “what we expected given our extensive research about you and what makes you so fucking special!”
“What exactly is that?” I questioned hoping to get the response that would answer many of my very own unanswered questions.
“A threat to my kind you little prick,” he roared launching himself closer to me threatening me now face to face as I glared into his vicious red eyes. “Whatever you are, obviously something more than your foolish mind couldn’t possibly comprehend,” he scorned. “You wander the shadows of the night geared up hunting down my kind acting as some secret superhero of humanity, being the protector of the city of Los Angeles defending the pathetic humans and their precious lives. You’ve managed to evade our spies planted in your day to day life, somehow using your powers to manipulate this one,” he grunted turning his head towards the henchmen vamp holding the barley coherent familiar, gripping tighter now crushing the man in his arms, hearing the snaps of his bones and joints screaming in excruciating agony. I could feel the life draining from him with the impact of the stone hard grip. 
Listening desperately, I could hear the clanking sound of the moisture in the air forming into frozen form sensing my backup would arrive at any moment, hopefully in time to save the scumbag spy on the brink of death. As much as I disliked this groupie of the undead, I had to try to save him. Just because of his poor lack of judgment doesn’t mean he doesn’t deserve a second chance. Knowing I had to stall him before the two vamps could begin their murderous act, I shouted in a loud deep echoing voice, “I must be a pretty big threat given the fact it has taken you that long to even get this close to almost killing me, almost!” I sneered back taunting the creature, causing the two vamps holding the hostage to pause, buying me some time to hopefully save one more life. “For being such immense powerful creatures, you all certainly had to go through extremely volatile measures only to once again fail at the end of all this!”
“Is that a threat?”
“No, it’s just inevitable dick! Let’s finish this!”
“Oh this is just the beginning of what we have in store you arrogant little prick. Just because the very essence that flows inside you, the combination of entities that make you so damn special won’t save your pathetic life tonight, boy!” 
Finally a clue to what I might be, sort of. The word combination stuck inside my mind, putting it in the back burner until after this fiasco was over. “What did you honestly hope to accomplish tonight, plotting so desperately to stoop this low just to make another attempt on my life whoever the fuck you are? You stand there mocking me when you are the one who sends your kind to their meet their absolute death the minute they cross my path.”
“I am Lord Vlad Tepelus son of the king of the vampire race.”
“Sorry, is that supposed to mean anything to me?” I asked sarcastically.
“You arrogant prick! Your blood and your existence is a danger to us all. I cannot allow even one drop of your blood to remain for it could be the very thing the humans would need to develop a weapon of their own weapon to destroy us all!” I paused pondering the words coming out of his mouth, never contemplating the possibility of what would happen if humans discovered my gifted blood. “Better we diminish the light out of you then drain the very life out of you, destroying every drop of your blood,” he state now became very informative during his threatening rant.
“You fear humanity and what it’s capable of! You fear exposure,” I blurted sarcastically, now shifting my weight slowly forward. “Yet you cause this devastation all around, hurting countless harmless bystanders. You have obviously endangered and exposed your kind when you brought this war to me! You started hunting me!” I paused for a moment then raised my head slowly upwards with a devilish grin on my face. ”Too bad none of you will make it out of here tonight, especially you.” Bending slightly at the knees ready to charge, my attention focused to the leader of this assault,”you shouldn’t have come tonight if you valued your so called immortality!”
“I am four hundred years old, you little shit! I am a more than just a vampire, I am a royalty,” he boasted, “and I am not about to die by the hands of you, an abomination, a…” he started to monologue before I jumped the gun and plowed my foot so hard into his gut barrel rolling him into the air landing facedown onto the dirt ground continuing to roll for several yards away. My heart started to race rapidly, fidgeting my fingers awaiting the surprise that now was in sight. Reaching my hand up hearing the first useful object falling from the sky, I grabbed my weapons bag being tossed to my from above.
The circle of fanged freaks assembled around me all charging me at once, including the two henchmen dropping the informant face down now bolting towards me, jumping on top of me in a pile, literally grinding my entire body into the ground. Absorbing the energy inward, building it up as I endured massive punches and kicks, before unleashing a repulsive blast, so intense becoming a visible blue light aura surrounding me in waves, tossing the heavy pileup off me quickly arming myself with two silver double edge daggers, positioning them perfectly at my oncoming undead foes. 
From my peripheral vision, my sides had been cleared from any oncoming enemies thanks to the dart-like ice spikes, as Bobby touched down onto the surface now standing behind me. The ground around began trembling as the growl of a massive steal force sprinting so fast causing the earth to shake beneath our feet, watching three vampires go flying over our heads after being rammed into the air by the colossal crash. Pete launched himself airborne landing behind the two of us, as we flanked around all crouched forward in a cliché hero like stance, forming a triangular back to back position circle around in sync. The battle of Homecoming Halloween had truly just begun.
“Um, what the fuck,” I cursed mentally, “where the hell have you guys been?”
“Calm down Chicano Buffy, we cleared out as many humans as we could.” Bobby informed me mentally, something the three of us had been practicing via my telepathy.
“There’s a shit load of these assholes still here,” Pete joined in, as the three of us stood solid in place.
“At least we got a large portion of the patrons out in time. It’s mostly us and them now,” Bobby stated, “We’ll have to deal with the injured later. Are you ready to kick some fucking ass kid?”
“Hell yeah I am! They just fucked with the wrong guys!” I bloated, projecting loudly in excitement. Hisses and growls now filled the air flooding out the sound of the terrorized screams that was once heard throughout the campground as the vicious assaulters approached.
“We’re ready for this,” Bobby reassured me of the numerous practice sessions using this formation.
“You’ve got this kid.” Pete joined in.
“Call it!” Bobby persisted awaiting my orders.
“Pete, go after your three, Bobby same as well. I’ll take the she vamps heading my way,” I instructed telepathically. Showtime!
The three of us attacked, now fighting against the well organized vampires that had rapidly rushed us. Some of the bloodsuckers armed themselves with large objects, as we blocked the oncoming vampires engaging the enemy with no restraint. Implementing some of the rehearsed combinations and moves practices in the Grand Hall, I staked one vampire that had charged me head on while telekinetically tossing the other bloodsucker to Pete who was jumping into the air, watching as he dragged him down to the ground after gripping the vamps neck, smashing him down with one arm. I turned to Bobby, armed with ice made stakes, ducking down as I chucked one of the daggers at his oncoming foe. Bobby stood back up now tossing me one of his ice stakes. I launched the frozen spike into another vamp with my other hand. I couldn’t lie, they were great teachers, because we were kicking ass!
“Behind you,” I warned Pete mentally catching a larger vamp trying to grip his arms around my metal friend. To my surprise Pete did a spinning move with his arms extended with clenched fist, fanning the attackers in different directions, one heading my way as I placed my hand out to stop him mid air then slamming him into the concrete ground several times. I leaped to his side as he laid their face down when I cusped my hand around his neck, twisting it violently hearing the flesh tear in a snap decapitating him on the spot in a crouched position.
“Stay down!” Bobby shouted telepathically warning me. Doing as he instructed I watched a beam of energetic ice blasted a bloodsucker trying to sneak up on me, pinning the vampire into a pile of broken wood. 
Our strategic teamwork had taken down Vlad Something’s initial assault team by surprise, signaling the many others blurred figures from the distance to come to their aid. Even as we continued to annihilate several fangers at a time, more kept coming from the distance, only to meet the same fate as the previous assaulters. Leaping and bounding, twisting and turning, kicking, punching, and blocking, we held them off for what felt like hours. We started to see our battleground emptied out for the most part, with only a handful of our enemies left, with some of the less loyal bloodsuckers retreating. The loyal vampires stood eager for the opportunity to take me down once and for all. Bold, but stupid, unaware of how prepared I was from the teachings of my two mentors I now proudly fight alongside with. 
Spontaneously, Lord What-His-Face dashed for the beaten down human spy that was still panting face down on the floor from his crushed limbs, picking him up from his broken arm, causing his scream to pause the commotion as all attention was now facing the outraged pureblood. Turning his head with a creepy sinister look on his face, he stalked towards us hold the spy like a rag doll stopping in front of our trio as the other vampires dispersed.
“Look who we have here,” he laughed darkly, causing the remaining henchmen to halt in their tracks, fangs retracted await the next opportunity to strike. “Well Chosen One, you really are full of surprises. I never expected to find the three of you working together. It seems this bit of information was kept from us all this time.” he hissed, making eye contact with the informant. “It’s seems this one has failed miserably, not even mentioning this entire time about these two. What a shame, I thought you had such potential, but you could never be one of us you pathetic failure!” he roared.
“Let him go asshole! He’s done your dirty work!” I snapped.
“What’s this one pathetic human’s life worth to you? He was our spy, our follower. I was in shock he survived the building jumping you put him through on campus!” Hearing his statement outraged me, confirming my suspicions of more than one informant was in my day to day life.
“That’s enough!” Pete shouted.
“It’s over!” Bobby added.
“We all know how this ends!” I growled. “I didn’t ask for this. You hunted me from the day my powers ascended, night after night, constantly making attempts on my life. You drew first blood, I never asked for this quarrel with your kind.” I added directing my attention to Lord Vlad Fuck-Face, however, he had paid no attention to my words now wrapping both arms around the spy crushing him with his super strength, then pressing down with his palm cracking the guy’s head open. Blood poured down his body and to our disgust the vampire began licking the hemorrhaging wounds in a taunting manor.
“No!” I shouted as my stomach knotted tightly, sensing the very life force and soul drift away from his mangled body. I tossed the other dagger in my hand at a stealth speed, slicing right through his free shoulder, once again initiating the assault to continue. 
Figuring that we would probably have to go more than a few rounds we repositioned ourselves in the triangular form, taking the advantage of having each others’ back keeping the fight coming our way. Without a word, the three of us maneuvered our way in a graceful sync, finishing off the last of our undead attackers. Within minutes, the tables hand finally turned, as we finished off the last of group of vamps, seeing the dark night air filled with soar flicker flaming ashes dusting up in the light breeze. 
Now easing up a little, we gazed at our last two enemies to deal with, the incredibly strong but wounded vampire prince Lord Vlad Tepelus and the Faceless Foe still leaning against the broke parts of the stage, watching the intense battle that had taken place. The three of us armed ourselves with whatever weapons were reachable acknowledging the danger in front of us. The vampire staggered standing back up, pained by the silver blade stuck in him, burning from the inside out as smoke rose from his sizzling wound.
“You were saying, my lord?” I asked sarcastically as we stalked out way closer to him while he agonized from the burning silver.
“This isn’t over yet!” Vlad growled charging at us one again. I charged right back gaining velocity ready to take his head on until my path was obstructed by a large metal sign poll, impacting with a telekinetic force of its own launching me all the way back to the main stage. 
Scanning the area I was pummeled into, the fierce green eyed Faceless Foe marched out from the shadows holding the large metal rod that made me crashed onto the stage floor. I stood there witnessing my Faceless Foe using his supernatural gifts first hand as the cloaked figure dash and bound right to the edge of the stage comparable to my own abilities. Using my telekinesis, pushing myself to my feet, I stood there, my cheer uniform now splattered with blood, covered with dirt. Are you kidding me, and now this asshole!
“Not so fast, Chosen One,” he clamored sarcastically as we inched our way to opposite sides of the stage floor.  I quickly inform to Bobby and Pete both to take care of Vlad while I took care of this asshole! 
“It’s about time you joined in, for a minute I thought you might have been afraid to take me on once again.” I taunted him, both staring at each other, feeling the hatred that was shooting out of his eyes. 
“Fear you, Chosen One! I must say you have performed quite excellently so far tonight, even though you weren’t exactly alone tonight were you?”
“Doesn’t matter really, you won’t defeat us.”
“Do you think you’re like them?”
“I don’t know what I am dick, why do you?”
“We are something so much more, yet you stand here cheerleader playing the part of the superhero. Why waste your time protecting the humans and fighting these filthy vampires, when you could do whatever you wanted, if you truly knew what we’re capable of?”
“We,” I asked, “If you dislike the undead so much, why are you fighting with them? Why are you here tonight?”
“Me, I a mere spectator of this disastrous night getting to watch quite a show, and I don’t mean your amazing cheerleading moves!”
“So you also have been stalking me all this time, what, on their order? Why? You have power, why run around with this volatile species, when they hate any flesh breathing gifted human?” I asked while the two of us instigated each other throwing little telekinetic blast and pushes, dodging them or blocking them. We kept going continually going back and forth, at times launching random objects lingering around the broken down stage.
“Much more than human, when will you get that through your simple minded you damn wannabe college frat bro head? I should ask you the same question. Why are you here, playing hero with these two heroes, when you have the power to be some much more?” My Faceless Foe questioned as he chucked a speaker towards me with momentous speed until I stopped it mid air, twisting the object then squeezing it with one hand, compressing the speaker into a ball of mass. “My point exactly,” he boasted as the now tightened object flew his direction. He bent backwards to dodge the speaker standing back up to meet my right fist socking him right in the face. I caught his arm pulling him inward trying to make contact with his flesh, hoping to get a better telepathic reading on his demented mind. “Nice try,” he boasted facing his palm out in my direction blasting me into backwards, allowing me a second to glance down at the other combat taking place between Vlad Tepelus and my allies, Iceman and Colossus, who were doing quite well against the handling the vampire in the distance a little past the field surrounding the campground stage. 
“What’s the matter, didn’t want me to inside your head seeing has how obsessed you are with me.”
“If you only knew the truth, something you can’t handle, at least for now,” he stated boldly. 
“Why do you stand here, wasting your time for them, these humans? Why run around the streets acting as an acolyte of humanity, defending them, protecting them, why? I observed your previous life running around being this cheerleader socialite in the fraternity world, a meaningless waste of time trying to belong when I reality they will always think of you as…” he paused in his overly confident rant how I have apparently been living my life in his eyes, “different no matter how hard you try!”
“Regardless of the information you think you know, you have no right to judge me. You don’t know a damn thing about me!” I shouted back.
“I know you so much better than you know yourself!”
“So why the vampires, side with them? What do you hope to gain?”
“I hate those tempestuous excuses of immortal creatures and their pathetic excuse of a government” he calmly informed easing up on the object tossing, turning his attention to the vampire with a look of pure hate in his fierce green eyes. I felt completely out of the loop now not comprehending what was going on with this guy. His motives were no longer clear to me. 
“Then why are with them?” I inquired again more persistently this time, expecting a better response.
“How do you know I am even with them?”
“I saw you last time…” I started.
“I’m going to say to you what you just said to me, you don’t know a damn thing about me! Trust me when I say this, you and I will be crossing paths countless times from here on out,” he gleamed now positioning himself in a conjuring position. 
“Looking forward to it” I blatantly lied, “why me?”
“Because it is our destiny,” he responded in a vial manor. 
“I keep hearing that word, destiny!” 
“You have no idea. However, in due time my friend.” he laughed.
‘“I’m not your friend!”
“Likewise,” he scorned now motioning his hand at a large cluttered block of broken concrete sharp pieces now levitating off the floor heading right at me, as I tucked rolling forward on the ground, avoiding the object, gripping in a motion now pulling the Faceless Foe falling backwards to his feet. 
In seconds the two us were face to face, now in full physical combat mode as he jabbed me the stomach several times while I went for his chest and face, upper cutting him then sliding my leg beneath his bringing him back down. Taking advantage of his semi fetal position he held, I used both hands to grip his body tightly swinging him backwards then launching the green eyed dick into the back of the stage. He crashed loudly into the wall then fell slamming hard down onto the ground. I rushed him seeing he had grabbed a pole ready to use it against me. Playing into his game, I sped up rather than slowing down acknowledging the swing of his metal object as I inched closer to him, ducking seconds before the pole was intended to impact, grabbing my foe’s arm with one hand, pinning him and the weapon against the wall holding him down. I returned numerous punches and jabs to his stomach, until he lifted his knee throwing me back, as the both of us quickly scrambled to our feet tip toeing around taking opposite sides of the stage once again, holding back momentarily.
“It seems your teachers have been doing quite a fantastic job,” he noted, as the sounds of a large object approaching distracted us both for a second to observe Vlad Asshole flying through the air followed by Pete leaping right behind landing closer to the stage lawn. 
Bobby soared a few stories now descending closer to the stage reengaged Vlad with Pete on the floor lever while I once again went at it with my Faceless Foe jumping midair into a forward roll tucking in the air, landing face to face with him once again on the stage level. I managed to block his first punch returning a few jabs back, this time at his face trying to break the strange mask that covered his face. He started kicking my side distancing us a couple yards back. This time I took advantage of the broken down stage, using each individual light fixture as my weapon of choice. Each one shot forward at my foe with horse power speed, watching in amazement as my foe dodged the unexpected improved distraction, one nailing him right in the head, but not right before he telekinetically pushed me back a few yards but managing to land on my own two feet. 
A silence fell between us as we each stood there both knowing what was coming next. I twisted around then aimed my open palm blasting with every ounce of this sensational static of energy flowing throughout me bolting towards my rival as while he retaliated back. An anomaly of unbelievably visible majestic forces collided against each other, a pulsating force with an astonishing blue essence extended from my hand, while his energy fighting back created a similar like force in green aura. We continued exasperating all of our energy holding onto the incredible feeling as the energy between us intensified, neither of us backing down.  Now both completely consumed by immense power, the ground beneath began to shake drastically, both unaware too frenzied with the power struggle at hand. Massive waves of energy conjured throughout the stage as sparking bolts of supernatural energy formed from the two forces trying to oust one another, both at an equal draw. The stream of energy had shifted the magnetic waves surrounding the area causing the entire ground to now shake, another unexpected side affect from this enticing dual. 
We were at a deadlock however my pride had the best of me, for I had no intention of letting go until one of us was a successor, him acting in the exact same way. The stone structure of the stage cracked from top to bottom in a zip like manner, splitting right under the collision spot of our telekinetic battle, both resisting to give it up. The ground itself underneath the stage structure tore from the telekinetic tremors but the two of us stood in battle unknowingly levitating inches from the ground. The opening of the ground caused the battle Vlad Tepelus and my allies halting their combat being thrown off by the quake.
“You have to stop him,” Bobby pleaded in his voice with is mental voice, “your causing a tear in the atmosphere around here.”
“No shit Sherlock,” I managed to blurt out telepathically trying not to lose focus.
“You will kid!” Pete joined in.
“You have to break this power battle,” Bobby asked again.
“How,” I asked telepathically.
“Your left hand is free,” Bobby hinted, reminding me of the hidden defensive weapon lodge into my left arm, the free arm holding upright in this intense dual. Still keeping constant eye contact with the green eyes filled with hate, I held his powerful boost of energy he skillfully threw out from time to time, obviously one overly confident and persistent asshole. Thrilled by my mentors reminder my stern cold angered face slowly changed to a cocky grin as I felt the wood melt its way out of my arm sliding into my left hand as I gripped it tightly with confidence. Let’s see how he likes this bad boy! Throwing my left arm at shoulder length directly at my Faceless Foe pointing my wand at him causing a powerful blast of supernova energy zapping my enemy down knocking him so hard he made a hole in the wall landing outside of the stage that collapsed down shortly after, separating us by quite a distance. He gazed up furious as I heard him mutter under his breath something about the wand before he ran off into the night. 
It took me a second to shake off what had taken place, for the impact of our escalated dual made the very ground beneath us split between us. I noticed the stage literally had cut in half, destroyed completely. I looked around to see that the vampires had cleared out only to view a handful of injured and dead bodies in the middle of the chaos and devastation carried out tonight. 
“Vamps are gone. We have to go,” Bobby demand, both of us in total agreement for once.
“If we go out the front we’re going to be questioned for sure,” I stated, now hearing sirens from the distance. “I drove here thought, should l leave my car?”
“Yes, we’ll run out back and make out way to…” Bobby paused, already implying the Grand Hall, smart enough to catch not to say it out loud. 
“Give me your key’s,” Pete asked, “I’ll stay around for awhile with the crowd until it calms down around here. I’ll bring it back afterwards.”
“Sounds good to me,” I replied, “Let’s go!”
Chapter 14 Aftermath 0f Halloween Homecoming

Back at the Grand Hall

The two of us sat there, silent, half undressed now sitting back on the all too comfortable couches in the living area in the extended room of the Grand Hall. Several holograms displayed screens of various news reports of the deadly assault on a university function. The truth of what had taken place was being swept under the rug, using masked gang members doped up on angel dust utilizing mobile catapults, explaining how they were capable of throwing massive objects that demolished campground. Even more fabricated tales of the nights events continued to play out. So far, the key fact we had learned from observing all the media outlets were that twenty people were injured or hurt during the attack, twenty one dead on the scene, not including the disappearance of the entire security team originally hired to watch the venue. They must have been taken out way before anyone had arrived for the event.
Once or twice the reports may had mentioned costumed partiers boldly fighting back the so called gang members, however, the ghetto birds and news choppers arrived long after the real battle was over. Now it was all word of mouth, hearing rumors from intoxicated partygoers’ interviews, but nothing substantial to attract any major attention to the three of us who jumped right into action. Luck had been on our side in that account; however the fact that lives were lost during the assault absolutely devastated me. Those innocent bystanders were dead because of me, a feeling that was tearing away at me emotionally. My body ached in my seat, sore and bruised. They were the constant signs and reminders of another night crossing paths with the cold ones. 
Observing the massive damage my Faceless Foe and I created during our energetic dual was overwhelming to watch, as investigators on the scene were baffled by the unknown tremor that caused the ground from the stage into the field, not able to explain how the abnormal damage had occurred. Many of my peers appeared for seconds at a time on the different news channels, giving various versions of what they had witnessed on the crazy night.
“You know, I really do like you as Subzero.” I remarked, finally breaking the silence between us, returning Bobby to the moment clearly having numerous issues going on in his head. “Iceman sounds so, I don’t know, lame!”
“I’m not going to lie, I do like the ninja get up, but I have always been Iceman kid.” Bobby said with a tiny bit of humor in his voice.
“Hey, where’s Pete’s at, he’s taking a long time?”
“He must have got caught up in the crowd, probably stuck in traffic getting your car back here,” he answered a little too snappy, as if I had asked him to break of a piece of his ice from his own body. “You think this is just a simple brawl between you and the vamps, but it’s more now! Their government is ruthless and has made it apparent that you are their number one priority, at any cost.”
“Honestly Bobby do you think I wanted this? Look at facts! This was a very well planned assault, isolated and secluded enough for them go out execute it knowing all too well humans would be present. Witnesses to their existence,” I corrected myself. “Even when one you guys sent out a distress signal from emergency response, they didn’t arrive until later on, allowing the vamps all the time they needed.”
“I told you kid, they are powerful in so many ways. They’re covering it up as we speak,” Bobby noted pointing at the holograms. 
“We would have never saw it coming, super sixth sense or not.”
“Using the massive objects was a smart way to get rid of the majority of the crowd,” Bobby added, “clearly making it known that they wanted you.”
“This is too much Bobby” I sobbed slightly, “Those people lost their lives because they wanted me.” I now started tearing up a little, hurting inside as the words came out of my mouth. “We watched that son of a bitch crushed their spy’s body like a twig right in front of us, killing him like he was pig for slaughter.”
“That little punk ass was well aware of what line of work he was getting himself into. It is unfortunate that his life was lost in the crossfire, but you cannot beat yourself up for that. We went in well prepared, and had the unforeseen advantage they were definitely not expecting tonight.”
“What about the head vamp, Vlad…”
“Vlad Tepelus, he is the son for their infamous king.”
“How exactly did you know that?” I questioned starting with the easier inquiry first before asking the details of the past history between the vampires and the so called mutant race, although I considered them to be just like any other supernatural magical creatures, gifted with abilities.
“From our knowledge of their government body along with the history from what we’ve been told, the king’s children are considered the highest royalties of the vampire species. One of them will always hold a place as ruler of the undead in the absence of the king. They are in charge running the government of their species how they see fit, each having different ideals when it comes to how the vampires should live amongst the world.” Bobby informed me truthfully. “Typically, the vampires always do their best to keep the existence of the vampire race from human knowledge, however with the constant power struggles and shift in authority some leaders have acted in the manner lacking the need to enforce that rule discretion, encouraging their kind to feed and kill.  Tonight we met one of four know children of the king of the vampires.”
“That European asshole vampire who led this assault was directly related to the king?” I asked astonished by this information.
“Yes,” Bobby answered, “The bloodsucker we could have staked if it wasn’t for the large cracked that parted ground caused by you and your cloaked friends dual. That was an impressive display of power tonight kid!”
“I know I still have a long ways to go before becoming this supposed super powerful being, but tonight I did the best I could, now knowing the extent to their wrath. After witnessing that horrific and deadly assaulted on an entire massive group of defenseless intoxicated humans, I’ve come to realize the full extent and ratifications caused by this feud with the vampires. I fear what they plan on doing since they’ve failed at taking my life once again.”
“There’s nothing wrong with having fear,” Bobby stated boldly. “It is how we face our fear that shows us the kind of person we are meant to be.” he wisely spoke.  
“Then truthfully Bobby, I fear more than just the vamps and their murderous acts,” I informed him, “rather I fear the unknown that lies ahead. Right now the biggest fear is my greened eyed nemesis. You saw what we did to that place tonight. We literally tore through the ground during that dual, splitting the very dirt beneath our feet. Whoever he is, he is strong, like me, our telekinetic forces streams came to at a draw. I feared if I held onto the stream of light energy any longer I might have blacked out.” I muttered, ashamed a little of the truth being spoken. 
“Most men aren’t brave enough to admit out loud their true fear. You understanding and accepting that fear will give you a true advantage.”
“How so?”
“Acknowledging your fear means you already know what you have to face. The real question is how you handle it from here on out.” Bobby wisely pointed out.
“Deep!” I exclaimed using this generation’s basic response to such a large decision type life changing question, simply nodding at my response.
“I believe you handled it quite well,” he exclaimed.
“I did?”
“For the most part,” he joked back. “I think this might be the end of this quarrel with the undead.”
“Unfortunately Bobby, I don’t agree with you, one hundred percent. They’ll call off their assaults, for now, at least until they find another opportunity.”
“I would truly hope they’d stop after the countless loss on their end.” Bobby said in a low voice. “Tonight we annihilated our overwhelming assault all thanks to you, kid. Good job!”
“That was pretty bad ass.” I confessed now reminded there was someone still unaccountable for, “where the hell is Pete? Do you think he got stuck having to talk to the five o?”
“Maybe, but doubtful, I’ll text him right now.”
“You better, I kind of gave him the keys to my car, you know!”
“Relax cheerleader,” he teased typing on his phone, “I’m sure your car and Pete are fine.” Looking down at my uniform still on, covered with all sorts of stains of dirt, mud, and blood, I simply replied,
“They fucking stained my cheer uniform! I fucking hate vampires and sorcerers and shit!” I continued cursing up the spiral stairwell that led to the second floor to change and shower, something so conveniently set up for mysteriously by the infamous Voice, although I was not one to complain.
“Uh huh, that’s nice fairy princess, go have your tantrum.” Bobby shouted from the lower level.
“Bite me Frozen!” I snapped back, now using the quarters to quickly freshen up. 
I rushed hearing the sound for my car zipping through the neatly built tunnel coming into the Grand Hall, parking off to the side. I threw on a pair of jeans and shirt, and then bolted back down to the first floor of the extended modernized portion of the hall. Pete arrived, walking slowly up towards us.
“Where have you been?” I asked directly.
“Cleaning up after our little mess, what do you think?” he asked rhetorically, although his tone seemed off.
“What’s the good word Pete?” Bobby asked, still sitting on the couch, half dressed playing Xbox, eating whatever I had to munch on in the fridge and cupboards. Needing to relax, I took out some vodka and a chaser, and then sparked up one of my hand rolled cigars, then nodding my head at Pete to start.
“Well to the police and university, they’re sticking to the story about it being a gang assault using so type of manmade projectile launchers. The campground is completely demolished, more than half of it burned up or torn apart.”
“Did they say why it took so long for emergency response teams to deploy?” I inquired.
“They claim they did not receive any sign of problems from the venue until later that night, most likely due a lack of cell phone services in the canyon.”
“You would think they would have come up with something better that bullshit excuse.” Bobby added.
“Damn, they covered that off even up all those witnesses?”
“Since so many of the partiers were intoxicated and on another level, the authorities easily convinced them that they were hallucinations from the substance use.” Pete boasted with laughter now, knowing I’d get a kick out of that one.
“Doesn’t mean we’re clear just yet, since there were a small amount of people claiming they saw three guys who stood up to the gangsters, some of them having the most imaginative tales,” Pete hinted.
“They were all tripping out man.” I said in a sarcastic but joking tone. 
“They got quite the light show,” Bobby taunted.
“That was pretty awesome!” Pete boasted.
“My bad,” I blurted out, shrugging my shoulders as the three of us begin laughing hysterically at our banter, finally relaxed now. 
I had originally planned on going back to the fraternity house, but sitting here with these two, I figured what the hell let’s just crash here tonight. The place was well guarded inside and out, is completely off the radar completely and equipped with several coaches in the second story add on room. It was as if one day I would need this place as a hideout for a number of people. 
The three of us stood up for at least another hour, cracking open one of the vodka bottles, christening the bar installed in the Grand Hall. Thank you Voice, for this place really felt like a second home, like our little fraternity here. The three of us were having a good time even after all that had taken place, being tonight truly brought the three of us together, demonstrating the incredible force that the three of us actually were. We had many things to discuss, but for now we pushed it aside and enjoyed the few shots we took before we crashed one by one, I of course taking the main bed, my two guest taking the fold out couches, I drifted away under the comfortable covers, now feeling at peace for once, safe, with my two elemental bodyguards, into a deep sleep.
The room went pitch black as I fell into the trance of deep sleep within minutes of closing my eyes lying on the bed, finally at peace, comfortably in the safety net I felt around me, not only from being in the Grand Hall, my new safe spot, also cause for once I wasn’t alone in this gigantic stronghold with my two amazing heroes that rested along with me on the extra sofa couches. I knew I would have never been capable of catching a break if I slept in the comfort of my own room back at the fraternity house worried of the repercussions of the horrific disaster. 
I was beyond thankful for Bobby and Pete, my two diligent mentors, although closer as friends now more so than before. I had the upmost respect and gratitude for them, since l wouldn’t have been able to survive everything that had taken place without them. It was no wonder why I was able to pass out so suddenly, feeling at peace, drifting off. Usually when I dreamt about things prior to being abnormal, my dreams were simple, usually glamorously fun and exciting, only running into an out of the ordinary strange dream. Ever since I ascended into my abilities, it appeared to have affected my subconscious mind, changing the types of dreams and nightmares, feeling completely different from the average dream, almost as if I was awake inside myself. The dreams and nightmares had their tendencies to be quite surreal, showing me glimpses and fragments of things that have happened or premonitions of something important to come. On occasion I would have immensely delusions of grandeur, doing things of the impossible with my new abilities, telekinetically holding objects around while harnessing various elements of this earth through the energetic blue essence surging throughout me. 
Tonight was no exception, in fact being the strangest dream I had ever come across, as I entered into this marvelous unique state of mind. Panic spread throughout me, feeling the powerful explosion erupt throughout my senses. Indefinable glimpses began to swirl rapidly in my head at a dizzying speed, finally causing me wake suddenly from my slumber into a upright position, panting for air, taking in the fact I was back to reality, awakened by the haunting images, shouting out loudly, “What the fuck!”
“Shut up!” Pete roared back loudly still half asleep for the most part.
“What’s wrong with you now?” Bobby muttered with his eyes half closed. Rude!
“I had a dream.” I blurted out the obvious.
“I bet you did,” Pete murmured cockily as he turned around, flexing his muscles smirking at me jokingly now getting up from my alarming awakening.
“Not now,” I snapped.
“A wet dream,” Bobby asked joining in on the banter.
“No you dicks.” I state boldly dashing up. 
“What was your dream about?” Pete inquired. I paused for a minute concentrating on the quick flashes that were vividly in my head seconds ago. Now they seemed disoriented and blurry now that I was awake.
“It’s kind of a blur,” I admitted, “but there’s one thing I know for sure, this isn’t over yet. Not between the vamps or the Faceless Foe.”
“Do you think whatever you dreamt about might come true, like seeing the future?”
“I wonder sometimes to be honest, some of the shit I see.”
“Kid, you need to rest,” Bobby insisted. “You’ve been through too much and let’s work on those dreams once the dust settles from our altercation.”
“He’s right kid,” Pete added moving from the couch sitting next to me on the bed. “Get some rest, here I’ll join you.”
“You have a couch,” I reminded him.
“It’s too small for a big strong guy like me,” he moaned. “Admit it, you wouldn’t mind.”
“Weird,” Bobby muttered.
“Don’t get jelly Bobby,” Pete joked.
“Over it,” I yelled rolling my eyes at Pete taking up a large portion of the bed with no intention of moving. “I’m getting some rest if you all don’t mind.”
“Then don’t wake us up,” Bobby snickered back.
“He’s jealous,” Pete added.
“Good night!”
Although we had gotten a sufficient amount of rest the remainder of the time, it was disturbed quickly by the tremendous amounts of phone calls, emails, text messages, and Facebook notifications blowing up all of our smart phones, now vibrating away on the table as we all wake up with the automatic instinct to grab them to shut them the hell up. I glanced at my phone filled with text messages and voicemails from concerned friends from the cheer team and the fraternity house since I never made it back to my actual home at the fraternity house. 
Reality kicked me hard in the stomach, reminding me that less than twelve hours ago we just fought through the epic battle of Halloween Homecoming. It was the first time the three of us had teamed up together another attempt on my life. I looked at the two, both now doing as I was, skimming through all the messages on the phone. This forced the three of us instantly scrambling up on our feet, gathering our stuff together. 
“Bobby, we need to sit and go over this now before we leave here, cause right now I have people who are texting me asking me if I am dead.”
“You’ve made up something before, what’s so different about now?” he asked casually.
“I’m reading about people that claim to have spotted some extraordinary things, witnessing a handful of attendees courageously fighting back using supernatural abilities to aid in the chaotic attack of the celebration. Damn, we were spotted!”
“Damn, good point kid,” Pete interjected as he scanned his phone checking out the headlines of the morning news.
“I second that, however we have to debrief quickly. Our absences alone will have people wondering. Unfortunately, we were clearly spotted according to a report I just got from a very reliable source.”
“Who is this source?” I asked, skimming through my phone trying to find what report he was speaking about,” I am not finding that anywhere on my numerous newsfeeds.”
“It was a confidential report that was sent to my phone with a direct message from…” Bobby began until he just froze, not physically into ice, but only in silence by something in this direct message had shaken him up. “Fuck!” This must be bad. “Pete, we’re being summoned!”
“By whom,” Pete pondered.
“You know who,” he hinted to Pete, me clueless of course, “we were definitely spotted alright, and not by intoxicated college students we were hoping for.” I looked at Pete, who appeared to also receive this summoning by the expression on his face.
“Tell me assholes,” I demanded now irritated being I just woke up. I tried to grab one of their phones, of course not having any luck. I concentrated intensely trying to focus in on the two unaware of my secret sneak peak I was about to take from their minds. Now consumed by my telepathy, I reach for their brainwaves feeling the nervousness between the two of them, only getting one word out of them, agents, until my telepathic link was broken by the sudden shielding of metal and ice. Son of a bitch, they both know how to protect their minds from telepathy, impressive skill I truly commended them for even if it irritated me like no other. “Dicks!”
“Persistent aren’t you” Bobby stumbled on his words trying to think of something cleaver to come back with “you Acolyte!” It was better than Buffy or some lame shit like that.
“Blow me, Iceman” I shouted back.
“Is that a threat or an offer?” Pete so needed to butt in, making this an interesting start to the morning.
“Guys, the problem at hand, please let’s try and focus.” I scolded them for once. 
“Let’s go back home, tell everyone you crashed with me since we found each other in the fleeing crowd, crashed at my apartment, and our phones were dead,” Bobby instructed. “See, plain and simple. We meet up again later on today, after we get some insight on what everyone is saying about last night.”
“Plus everyone there was pretty much wasted, faded, or both,” Pete coughed tilting his head at me.
“What if I come across anyone that thinks they spotted us Professor?”
“Deny til you die” Pete boasted.
“It’s easy, just respond with this,” Bobby moved back a little is his chair with an overly cheesy dumbfounding look on his face, imitating my response to him when I was a student in his class, “What…” Bobby paused for a second giving me that look before saying, “yeah, that same face you would give me in class when I asked you for your lab work, just like that.”
“Rub it in asshole,” I blurted. “So just play dumb like the two of you do every time I ask you about the past?”
“Yup,” the two said simultaneously. Assholes!
“Let’s head to our own homes and regroup later.” Bobby instructed. “If anyone comes asking questions kid, hit me up ASAP!”
“Who’s got the two of you all shaken up?” I asked boldly.
“Someone we had preferred to keep you completely off their radar, well not anymore. Not that they’re bad guys or anything, just some people that need to be reminded you’re under with us.”
“Agents you mean” I threw out unexpectedly.
“More like agent! I hate these…” Bobby was about to rant on before he shook off whatever he and Pete had to deal with. I wanted to stand up for myself to be quite honest, but I knew Bobby was right. 
I needed to get back on campus, show people I am alive, and get some information from all the gossip going around around, one of my many qualities that could turn out to be useful. Returning to my normal socialite fraternity life during this catastrophe is where I needed to be, covering up as much as I can from any possible sightings of supernatural origin, such as vampires, levitating objects, or lights shows. If Bobby said one correct thing about last night, that truly was one display of energy. Time to make sure nobody saw that stage destroyed by the very power that flows through me and my unknown nemesis. 
After few minutes to get our things together, it turned out that I was the only one who had a car on site since Bobby and Pete had taken their own methods of transportation, but since it was daytime the three of us would have to carpool back to the city to our places, giving us time to get our story straight, tackling all the angles of possibilities with careful thought. Given Los Angeles’s famous traffic, we slowly made our way into the city, now passing the road filled with police cars, fire trucks, and ambulances lined up the road that led to the newest vampire made crime scene. Numerous people stood around the site, scanning for clues to the gangster’s point of assault, unfortunately unaware they are on a wild goose chase, since no man made catapults were used. Making it quickly to Bobby’s place, I dropped the two off reassuring each other of our meeting time later today, agreeing on four in the afternoon, which worked out perfect for me. 
I hurried to the fraternity house, making my way to the front entrance, only to sense a crowd filled with depressing vibes, everyone still in shock of the devastation that had taken place, the pain, the loss, and the tragedy of it all. The suffering that others had felt spread to me instantly tearing away at me as tears rolled down my eyes. I slowly opened the front door, changing the mood a little since so many had not heard from me at all since they last saw me at the campground. A few did actual thought I might have passed away, rushing me hugging me tightly happy to see one more uncounted person safe and sound. This scenario become much more difficult to deal with, having to console with many devastated patrons of last night’s event. Even though I knew that the situation would have been ten times worse if it wasn’t for the fact of the three of us being present and prepared, although the aerial assault was unforeseen, yet the guilt and agony of the lives lost all in truth because of me, only the mere fact that of my very existence is what brought this madness and chaos to so many I cared about.
One or two people mentioned the possibility that the disguised gangsters might have been actual some sort of super humans, a few stating they had seen three men fight against these hooligans, but nothing majorly substantial based on their vague thoughts as to what really transpired last night. I dismally reminded people just how intoxicated the entire crowd was, even fabricating a white lie that the jungle juice mix might have been spiked again, and not with more alcohol. If I found any person thinking for one second they saw anything that took place, I would make sure to persuade them it was a hallucination from the jungle juice, a drink I was sure everyone had at the festival. 
After what felt like hours of propaganda, I made my way into my bedroom at the house, now finally getting some alone time. I showered quickly then got ready while getting out my laptop, ready to do some research before I head out. If there was one thing I grateful about right now, my two mentors needed ample time to deal with whatever bullshit they neglected to fill me in on. I needed the alone since I had a stop to make somewhere those two didn’t need to know about. After all, this was my destiny!
Chapter 15 Recon

Knowing I was already on a time crunch, I loosened all my ties with the incident the night before, giving a vague statement to the campus police that came to the fraternity house interviewing everyone who attended the homecoming event. As soon as I could break away from the aftermath and devastation, I made my way towards the area of city where I had met my Faceless Foe for the first time, along with Bobby revealing himself as the mighty Iceman. I personally sensed he and Pete are capable then so much more that they realized they had in themselves, but with little experience in the supernatural world, I didn’t feel I would be able to teach them anything only being at a novice level, maybe progressing after last night to some experience. 
Today however, as much as I wanted to stay out of trouble, I knew I couldn’t, with the essence flowing through me guiding me back to this very destination, the night I first encountered that green eyed son of a bitch. The very thought of this guy with incredible power teaming up with the vampires absolutely annoyed me beyond imagination. I shortly arrived blocks away from the building where I caught the Faceless Foe and his bloodsucker followers searching for something inside this business. I was making quite a spontaneous move coming here in hopes of discovering what they were looking for. Even though my mentors would be absolutely furious with me for going solo in the daytime, no less breaking and entering unlawfully, it wasn’t really their choice. As much as I appreciated and valued their guidance, I would make the final call since this was my gig from the start. Besides, I didn’t feel that guilty since my two elemental friends declined time after time so share information with me, so I can keep my own secrets too. 
I stood a few buildings behind across the street, scanning the perimeter before I made any move, waiting for several minutes before I dashed to the other side once seeing no sign of anymore around or going in and out of the vacated building. Within seconds I found myself standing face to face with the yellow taped door of the front entrance, taking in as much detail as I could of the outside before entering into the unknown. Although the outside appeared just like all the warehouse facilities surrounding it, yet I felt a slight hint of danger was most likely behind the door. Using my telepathy, I reached out for any brainwave activity from inside only to be met with absolute silence. After the last few cars driving by at random moments on the street, I took my opportunity, turning the knob lucky enough for it to be unlocked as I twisted the knob slowly, holding my breath as the door cracked open exposing a small amount of the sunlight into the dark space of the inside. I slowly crept inside and close the door behind me.
Completely dark inside my vision changed back into the blue eyed night vision goggles. The entrance lobby was emptied, still rummaged from the break in. No sign of any life forms inside so far.  I tip toed my way to the front desk to give me an idea of what type of business establishment this was. Wires stuck out where a computer once, only having a few office items scattered around completely disorganized. There had to be something here, I know it. I searched through the lobby floor only finding ordinary things like cubicles, and a vending machine with chairs nearby a quaint little waiting area. It took me some time before I noticed a rather odd bookshelf at one end of the wall, looking out of place. 
Rather than guessing which of these books was the one that pulled out opened the obviously hidden passage way I closed my eyes for a second then reopened them, using my ability to visualize the cloaked crack of the hidden doorway concealed by this inconspicuous bookshelf. I focused on splitting open the doors of the passageway using my telekinesis in a controlled manor, attempting not to make any loud noises if there were hidden undetectable creatures that can block my telepathy. The shelf opened as commanded, splitting slowly to reveal a downstairs passage way sensing an eerie vibe. Why did it have to be a creepy basement away from the one natural ally, the sunlight? It was the one natural defense I had counted on being I came unarmed, well not completely. I had no idea what I was going to encounter, strategically stepping one foot slowly at a time as I made my way down the dark stairs, dimmed with only little light as I made my way down the corridor leading me into a large open space. 
I discovered several aisles encased with ancient looking pages protected by rows of glass walls that encased each parchment, perfectly placed to perfection. I found it interesting that many of the glass protected pieces of these parchments were missing, most likely from stolen by my Faceless Foe and his special group of vampire followers. This must some sort of secret archive or library of sorts appearing to contain numerous amounts of files dating back to before who knows how long ago based on the museum like objects like the old scrolls protected by the thick glass. I continued onward further into the depths of the basement, as the glass faded changing into metal office type draws continuing the rows. 
I had found the center of knowledge for these bloodsuckers out of a hunch, and I have no plan what so ever on what information I need to obtain front of me, as well as begin to know which file to search through given the vast amount of data the vampires stored. As I slowly made my way through the dark space, hoping to find a light source, it dawned on me. If the Faceless Foe was working with the vampires for whatever his reasoning, why on earth did they have to break into their own facility? What information was so valuable to him that he raided the entire place before we encountered each other for the first time? As far as I could tell, my green eyed nemesis had been working side by side with the undead, however, after walking through the dark basement that held the archive, my foe must have his own agenda at hand, and whatever he was up to I bet it wouldn’t play out well for me at the end. 
I should have listened more carefully to my mentors who had both constantly reminded me to think out all ops thoroughly, of course not having a plan on what to do once I was in. My attention was distracted by blinking tiny lights from the distance, indicating a much faster approach of gaining more information from a computer that was on standby. I reached the desktop computer in the main cubicle of the bottom floor of this dark not so abandoned warehouse, obviously functional with some electricity still running throughout the building. I figured it was time to step up the game, pulling out my smart phone in one hand touching the screen with the other palm turning the computer screen on.
I began utilizing my technopathic ability, a rare gift being able to communicate with various types of machines, although the only thing I had experience with was a computer. It was a strange feeling that vibrated through every nerve of my body, connecting with my smart phone as well. In seconds I breached into the operating system. I must say for being computer savvy in the past without the need of my supernatural abilities, this was one I cherished, making things like history searches stress free, feeding me the information I desired. Also connecting my mind with my smart phone, I would stream all the data I could obtain deemed useful against the enemy via our three way connection. I blanked for a second, and then realized I needed to look myself up on here, knowing they had to have done plenty of research. Bingo!
I pulled up not only profile pictures, my birth certificate, my college application, as well as personal information they had obtained four years ago according to the date stamp on these scanned copies of my entire life. Damn it, they found my hometown close by in the Inland Empire, my high school diploma, and other major milestone events filed in a timeline. Unbelievable, not that I wasn’t guilty of practically splurging many details of my life on social media daily, but come on, this was straight up stalker shit! Surveillance snapshots and video clips of me during some of my battles, including the first incident on campus showing the most important part of course, the infamous bite that showed them the very thing I was to them, a threat. 
Shaking off the annoyed mood the images put me in, upset with the bloodsuckers’ vast knowledge of my life, I felt it was best I did the same as I began to snoop elsewhere through this cybernetic connection. I started locating inside the system information for any information regarding the assault of Halloween Homecoming finding out they had been involved with the planning of the event behind the scene the entire time. They handed the university the funds as a donation to the school in order to fund this very event at this very campground catching quick images and glimpses of invoices and receipts on file, even down to the private security company that was hired to watch to grounds. It made more sense now think back why no emergency response came at the very beginning of the flying objects, finding a log of their immediate plan to route all outgoing emergency calls from the campground, explaining how the vamps had such a long period of time to execute this well detailed plan. Damn, they had it planned out near perfect, if it wasn’t for the fact they failed miserably. 
I found logs and notes from periodic check in from dead spy, describing my daily routine of my life, feeding them any information he could they felt was useful to aid the vampires. I scanned the archive drives deeper seeking any data on the missing files that were taken as I could feel the electrical bond flowing between the computer, myself, and the smart phone that I held in my other hand, simultaneously streaming as much information into my phone that I could later evaluate back at the Grand Hall. 
I came to a sudden halt actually pausing to normal human speed, viewing before me in the top priority file titled Operation Chosen Ones. I glanced at the time realizing I had already been stationed at the computer for fifteen minutes. I figured I was still in the clear needing to siphon the data out of this file, still not sensing any signs of life form nearby. I need just a few more minutes to skim the cyber space of the archive, feeling the need to obtain as much of the database I can upload before I had to get out of here. Holding my grip on the computer screen inside the vortex of the digital archive, I continued to siphon as much information as I could from the cybernetic communication, not realizing being and completely unaware the entire time, too consumed with my unique hacking abilities, that I was not alone inside the dark space as a shadow now figure hovered behind me in the air. 
If it wasn’t for the odd movement coming from one of the glass rows behind me, I wouldn’t have foreseen whatever had lurked in the shadows. Before I had time to let go of my technopathic connection with the computer screen the danger was directly behind. I was too late. Within seconds I felt a strange plasma-like sharply pointed object pierced through my very back, cutting through what felt like was my spine, then spreading out gripping tightly around from inside me. Paralyzed in the very that spot, my hand still holding onto the computer screen and the other still gripping my phone, I unable to move. 
The death grip of this unnatural creature started to drain the very life out of me, feeling the glimmer of light inside me slowly diminishing, stinging and burning with the most unbearable pain so excruciating. I could feel my eyes watering up as tears began rolling down my face gasping for air at the same time. The dark clutches of this thing felt dismal, dull, heartless, and deadly. My body started to go completely numb losing any control of my physical body, feeling my legs underneath me give out. As frightened as I was, unaware of whatever dark entity now attempting to take my life particularly, I knew I couldn’t let my life end in this way, stabbed from behind by this strange black mattered plasmatic life drain piece of shit. 
However, to my surprise, shortly after screeching sounds nearly deafened my ears from the loud pitch tone. The creature that snuck up behind me who still gripped my spine was now crying out in pain itself. I repulsed every last ounce of supernatural energy that I had left already drained from the surprise stabbing. I pushed the majestic force throughout my body releasing the grip of the plasma-like object as I felt the creature’s slithery arm retract from my back being blown away by the blast. 
Soon I regained feeling of every muscle in my body no longer numb, the essence pulsating throughout my veins. I glanced up with my brightened electric blue eyes looking back into the dark corridor of archive seeing the shadow flying backwards, transparently gliding through the glass displays until it zoomed right back towards me revealing itself getting face to face with me as it got closer watching particles of dark matter and black plasma surrounding the terrifying skull hooded figure hovering a few inches above me screeching at me ferociously in pure hatred, infuriated by its inability to hurt me. This was not vampire, and other than its top half of the cloaked body, the rest was black smoke and dark matter that flowed from underneath having transparent qualities similar to ghost or ghouls. I had no idea what I was facing as I stared back furiously at the dementor looking organism. 
However, the sounds of our commotion triggered an alarm as the sound of footsteps from a distance that distracted us. The library security guard wondered in, shaking holding a small pistol running our way. The creature instantly turned around as aimed itself right at the man who had paused in fear from the devilish spirit he obviously wasn’t aware was lurking down here all this time. Unlike the wraiths and dementors from the classic stories, what happened next putting me in utter shock. The skull shadowed figured flew into the man morphing itself inside the foolish security guard, watching the man levitated for a second in the creepiest fashion, until the skull had merged together with the man entirely. His skull now glowing like an x-ray through his flesh while the man and the dark creature had become one, his eyes now blacked completely while particles of dark matter smoking out of the once human now possessed by the wraith. Holy shit! 
What the hell is this thing? From the skeleton plasmatic arm attempting to drain the life out of me, only to now take possessing of the guard’s body, proving not your average soul sucking shadow. I froze in a defensive stance, unsure of the next move to make, having no clue what to expect from the possessed security guard. I was prepared to fight back to the top floor, but I had concerns growing in the back of my mind, especially for the safety of this person trapped inside as well as figuring out how to extract and defeat the shadowed figure. I hated myself at this point in time, not paying more attention to the books and scriptures handed to me inside the Grand Hall, frustrated that I couldn’t recollect how exactly to defeat this monstrosity.
I waited until the man charged at me breaking through the glass displays, not transparently through them like before, this time wrecking each glass obstruction in his way, displaying some sorts of superhuman strength. Curious to test the strength that the skull plasma had given this man, I watched for him to make the first swing, naturally only to grab the attacking arm with a strong grip. We begin to fight hand to hand until I braced his clenched fist, now staring into his filled with completely with black plasma. It was not the man I was looking at rather the shadow that now has control of this man, the skull glowing through his skin as he let out a screech of anger while 
I attempted to use skin to skin contact to telepathically invade the security guard’s mind. Big mistake, since I could only to feel the pain the man felt as unable to breach his thoughts. I have to save him, but how? He continued to fight my telekinetic strength with the possessed power the shadow fed him until I finally let go, bending my knee up to knock him backwards, following it up with a kick leap over the knocked down guard, scrambling to his feet near the opposite end of the archive closer to the entry way only visible the dim light from the upstairs coming from the ajar doorway. 
Wait a minute, light! If there was one thing I had learned about any dark entities, any sort of light, especially natural sun light might give me an opportunity not only to remove the shadow from its host, but aid in the destruction of the dark mattered plasmatic creature. I started to direct our fight towards the door, not being the easiest of task. I wasn’t sure if it was the supernatural strength or the fact that the security guard in his human form had some pretty good moves, gripping and throwing me into several glass scrolls as I land face down onto the floor. The door was in my peripheral vision, now only yards away. I waited for him to make the move on me, still on the ground from my not so graceful fall. Using a swift dive roll as a diversion I tucked and rolled forward landing in crouched position in front of the glowing skull man rushing me with an incredible charge. How unfortunate for him since my next moves weren’t going to involve any physical combat what so ever. 
I motioned one hand causing his legs to collapse unexpectedly to the ground while motioning my other hand as it guided the possessed man’s body levitating him right to the foot of the partially cracked door that now swung open in a quick manner exposing the stairs that led back up to the main floor of the warehouse, allow a little more light to enter the darkened room. The possessed man screeched in pain from the slightest touch of the light. I instantly jumped on top of the skull man while he was still distraught from the light, as I gripped onto his shoulder blades telekinetically pushing the two of us up airborne upwards through the stairwell blasting our way into the main floor, as I tucked my body forward launching the man into a flimsy cubicle wall, making him slam his head hard in the process as he collapsed on the spot. 
I perched onto a desktop staring down at the skull man, the human part finally unconscious while the wraith inside still struggled keep its host conscious. I reached my hand back keeping my palm open, then extended it with a thrust of energy for the first time seeing the force visibly as it pulsated out of my hand, creating a wave of telekinetic blue aura blasting the ceiling above the man as the roof particles began falling down allowing the sunlight to engulf the room with its brilliance. The shadow’s screeches intensify as  it disassemble itself from the man almost in a reverse like manner witnessing the dark black matter disperses outward from the security guard’s body. As it now reformed to its black plasmatic cloaked like hovering entity, glaring at my from its empty skull eyes, it screeched out at me, “What are you?” Before even giving a thought to the question the shadowed figured, the natural sunlight burned the shadow in its spot evaporating on contact. 
Suddenly the front door of the warehouse blasted open revealing a large massive figure entering the doorway. He stared in shock at what appeared before him, hearing the sounds of metal forming as an automatic defensive response. Both of us now focused solely on the large cloaked shadow now frying, vanishing as the dark matter diminished by the purity of the light coming from the sun. After a minute the screeches came to a halt as the shadow imploded into nothing surrounded by a cloud of dust particles. Thankfully, although I wasn’t that happy to see him, I was saved again by the tin man, ready to extract me out of whatever trouble without knowing what was going on inside.
“Staying out of trouble I see,” he joked.
“Hey, I didn’t bust down the damn door,” I reminded him. “Let’s go!”
Chapter 16 Repercussion

I sat at the granite table of the Grand Hall watching as he paced back and forth, silent from the moment Pete and I arrived back from the archive. I’m pretty sure he was even more upset when we took a detour to get stuff to make more hand rolled cigs before we headed here, not making the situation any less tense inside the large massive underground structure. I was surprised literal steam didn’t come spewing out of his head, feeling the anger boiling inside disappointed in my mischievous ways. This probably was the angriest he has ever been with me, and I mean livid pissed. He was more upset with me then that one time I had a hangover in his class after a crazy Vegas weekend and vomited inside a large beaker during his lab lecture, which was a pivotal point in our soon to be friendship even though he was pissed off, but not like this. 
Pete looked a little intimidated as well, sitting on the very edge of the table while I stood there with my head down afraid to look at my old professor in the face. Okay so maybe I should have gone over my recon plan before executing it. Plus I had not known what kind of a day Bobby was having already not knowing who he had to answer to on my behalf earlier. Yet I gained a huge insight about the enemy, having been able to extract a good amount of data that I loaded into my smart phone, the computer already uploading the encrypted files once I returned.
“So,” Bobby spoke finally breaking the ice. “Let us go through this again. Last night we fought the crazy battle of our life in front of hundreds of ordinary witnesses, your peers no less. After your display of power with your green eyed BFF, you tore the stage and the ground underneath it splitting in practically in half.” He paused for second, stopping the pacing now looking directly at me, “Then you break into the police crime scene of this vampire owned building and proceeded to hack their files via your abilities only to demolish the inside and blast a hole in the rooftop all during the daytime no less?”
“That sounds about right except you’re forgetting about the huge shadowed wraith looking thing,” I responded timidly
“So I heard.”
“He’s actually telling the truth about that one Bobby” Pete jumped in. “I saw that shit disintegrated in front of my own two eyes.”
“Regardless Pete he shouldn’t have gone in there to begin with!”
“I did gain some insight…”
“Why didn’t you tell us that you were going to do this?” Bobby demanded cutting me off completely. Rude!
“The exact same reason why you sent Pete off to spy on me, you knew I was going to do something more than just some damage control at the fraternity house. I went on a hunch, and I was right. We have to end this feud before there’s any more bloodshed!”
“He’s right Bobby,” Pete interjected in my defense, “The kid did find some information before he got attacked by whatever the hell that Harry Potter looking shit was back there. You don’t see shit like that every day let alone guarding a vampire stronghold. They have human bitches to do that for them.”
“Tell us more about the ghoulish looking thing,” Bobby inquired.
“Well first of all my sixth sense was not able to pick it up, giving it the upper hand being able to sneak up behind me. It was materialize of dark matter transparent plasma like substances. Its skeletal arm stabbed right through my back attempting to drain the life out of me, numbing every inch of my body momentarily until something inside me made it stop. Whatever inside me that made it stop gave me the chance to face this thing, hovering up into the eyes of a large cloaked figure with a skull screeching at me.”
“That sounds about right,” Pete added.
“However, the part Pete didn’t see was what the creature did the security guard shortly after the creature was unable drain my soul as it had intended. Instead of ripping the life out of this human who happened to get in the way, he consumed the man’s body, possessing and becoming one with the host, blackening the man’s eyes while his skull was made visible through his skin. Dark matter particles radiated constantly from his skin cells feeding the guard some super strength to defend itself.”
“How did you separate the wraith from the security guard?” Bobby asked.
“It reacted to light, especially the sunlight,” I said, stopping to recollect the moments that took place down inside the archive. “Well, it was that plus knocking the man unconscious also appeared to have helped, at least that time.”
“How so, if he was possessed, wouldn’t he already have been unconscious?” Pete asked.
“No, the man was conscious trapped inside. I touched him for a second only to hear his inner turmoil. Once I knocked him into a wall, the man inside passed out, which might have broken the connection in combination with the pure sunlight destroying the mysterious shadow of death, causing the dark plasmatic figure to evaporate instantly.”
“It stabbed you but stopped, why?” Bobby questioned after a few moments of silence.
“I don’t know, it looked just as furious as you are now, outraged by the fact it was unable to kill me, only to somehow put the creature in pain. It screeched out that one very annoying question everyone I have come across in this supernatural world has asked.”
“Let me guess, what are you?” Bobby interjected responding correctly.
“Yes, the phrase that is starting to annoy me since I would like to know the answer of the very question myself.” I looked at the two hoping they would have some remarks to that nagging question only to get blank faces from both of them. 
“It is possible I couldn’t predict the attack from behind because I was using my technopathy which helped me gain a lot of information the vampires had on their databases. They were one hundred percent responsible for the Halloween Homecoming event itself, computer!” I shouted as the computer projected the various receipts in the middle of the table, the second place where the computer was able to project the holograms. “They donated the money to the university as secret donators to hold the event at this particular campground. It was so well planned, choosing a specific venue isolated for civilization for miles. This governing body of the vampire race plotted this massacre too well; however I think we can admit their defeat speaks for itself!”
“Damn, the planned this out really well, getting all the proper licenses and paperwork done through the proper channels.” Bobby exclaimed. “What is so damn special about you, kid?”
“Seriously, maybe you’re like Hispanic Harry Potter.” Pete bantered. “Yeah we saw you waving around your wand last night, it was cute!” 
“Or he could be one of those wishing trolls without the jewel on his belly.” Bobby ranted. My wand crept down into my hand seconds later watching Pete’s reaction when I placed a firm grip on my wand flipping him off with an extended middle finger.
“You better be careful, what if it turns out I’m some sort of god or something.” I remarked.
“Wow someone is thinking highly of themselves today!” Bobby snickered. “So seriously, what’s so damn special about you?”
“I don’t know. They don’t know either, well from the glimpses I caught from inside their computer database. They had so many official records, birth certificate, and etcetera filed away. They had logs of my daily life thanks to that bastard, late bastard human spy, may he rest in peace.” 
“Thought you were the bastard, kid?” Pete said in joking tone, of course always at the wrong time. 
“Pete,” Bobby scolded.
“Very funny tin man, absolutely hysterical, and yes I am a bastard prick!”
“What, bastards are cool,” Pete stated, “like John Snow, bad ass.”
“Anyways, they also had missing files and scrolls that were displayed in the archive,” I continued rolling my eyes at my metal tormentor, “most likely stolen by the Faceless Foe and his band of vamp henchmen. I’m starting to get the feeling he has his own agenda even if he’s been rolling with the bloodsuckers.”
“Go on,” Bobby simply stated, analyzing my debriefing. 
“Whatever he’s up to, I highly doubt it’s anything good to look forward to. However I can’t imagine what his other agenda would be.”
“He’s nearly as strong and as powerful as you are, based off that dual match between the two of you on that stage. Straight up tore the ground beneath your feet,” Bobby exclaimed. “That’s how we lost Lord what’s-his face.”
“My bad, I was in the middle of something!”
“Not the point kid” Pete responded. “The two of you should have disengaged. Regardless of the Faceless Foe, we still don’t know why they feel the need to murder you at any cost. I mean other than the fact that two dark creatures were not able to kill you like they do to regular humans in all the fairy tales.”
“Maybe that is it,” Bobby stated, “they really do see you as an absolute threat to their kind. Your blood can kill a vampire with a few drops alone and this wraith was unable to suck out your soul because of something inside you.”
“So basically you’re saying they won’t stop until I’m dead.”
“I won’t let that happen,” Bobby shouted, “we won’t let that happen. Not on our watch! Can I ask you something kid?” Bobby inquired with a hesitant voice. “What do you think you are?”
“I don’t know Bobby, I know that I am human, just something more than that” I answered truthfully. “I understand why they are hunting me down. It is true, the part about me becoming stronger by the day. I can feel it growing inside me, these surges of magnificent energy flowing through my veins, electrifying my senses. Have the two of you being part of this supernatural world ever encountered someone like me, or like the green eyed Faceless Foe?” I inquired. A silence swept up the Grand Hall, as the two looked at each other in doubt.
“We cannot put our finger on it kid, I swear,” Bobby stated. “We have a few theories but like you just said, whatever that essence inside of you does make you special, different, powerful. The Voice brought us here to help you become this great powerful being you are and that’s what we are going to do that any way we can.”
“The three of us,” Pete interjected. “We will do whatever it takes kid. Last night you proved yourself to be more than just powerful, you are good and righteous young man. I can see how much it hurts you that some did not make it out of there, but if you weren’t there so many more of your friends and peers would be dead right now.”
“I truthfully want to protect you from all this,” Bobby said warily, “Because you deserved somewhat of a normal life. It’s not fair that you’ve been put in this disposition at such an unusual time in your life as is, that’s why we have kept our identities from you. That was wrong of me. I’ve should have been there for you then, but I’m here for you now kid.” I was in shock by my mentor’s deeply concerned and sincere words as he now sat beside me looking directly at me. “You are a good kid, and this will work out kid. Everything is going to be alright.” I could tell from Bobby’s not so cold tone that he still felt bad about not revealing he was a supernatural abilities to me in the beginning, although I was never quite sure why.
“I am truly grateful for the both of you” I replied “and it was a pleasure to fight side by side with two of the bad asses like yourselves.”
“We will figure out what you are soon kid, I promise.” Bobby answered knowing me all too well. “Let’s focus on the great extraordinary being that you were meant to be, because it won’t make a difference what you are if you don’t use the marvelous abilities you posses to strive and do what’s right, not just for yourself but for all of humanity.”
“Wise words, professor,” I muttered, taken back by his words. 
“Again you guys, I am sorry for not telling you guys ago the recon mission I planned. I did kind of have it somewhat under control,” I said in a lowered voice, knowing how untrue my last statement. “He broke down the door.” I pointed at the colossal crasher of my secret ops.
“Yeah after you blew the rooftop off,” Pete interjected.
“How do you know it wasn’t the creepy dementor looking mother fucker?” I sneered back.
“I was watching from the other side of the street,” Pete laughed. “I know a telekinetic blast when I see one. Hope your little mission was worth it!” The two now stared directly at me with that annoying scolding look. Without a word, I motioned my hand, signaling the computer to show some of the files I obtained from the archive just to prove a point.
“I will admit your breaking and entering gave us more top secret intelligence from the archive than we’ve been able to get our hands on before, so now we need to figure out what that thing was you came across earlier and hopefully figure out the next big move the bloodsuckers are going to make.”
“Plus figure out what good-old green eyes is up to as well,” Pete added. “The Faceless Foe, is that what we’re calling him, he’s got something up his sleeve.”
“We’ll wait and see for now, and just hope we figure out their plan before they can execute another assault like last night.” I added. “We need to figure out what those shadowed things are and hopefully discover more ways to destroy them besides light, especially since you two can only change into metal and ice,” stopping for a second, “well except for those times you reflect light from your magnificently gleaming bodies of yours!”
“Thanks”, Pete gloated.
“I’m sure he meant me,” Bobby debated cockily.
“I was referring to the both of you, so take the damn complement!” I grunted.
We all fell silent once more, deep in thought on what the next move was for the three of us. It was comforting looking at my two new protectors, my own Edward and Jacob if you could say, one was really cold and the other was big and strong. They both felt the need to jump in and protect me time and time again however you couldn’t dare call me a damsel in distress. One thing was true, the three of us bonded somehow, foretold by the infamous Voice that told us it was our destiny to come together, at a time when I needed help the most.
Chapter 17 Calm Before the Storm

A few months later…
Although I hated to say it, life was finally getting back to normal, well as normal as I could be. Ever since the Battle of Halloween Homecoming and my little trip to the vampire’s archive, just as the seasons changed, so did the vampires behavior. We spent weeks patrolling the streets of Los Angeles, taking turns each night scouring through different areas searching for any signs of our undead foes, only to encounter maybe one or two every now and then, nothing compared to the past six months ever since I became this supernatural creature, when my life was in jeopardy nearly each night as the vampires had continually sent in assassins only to fail miserably.
Apparently, after their last major plan backfired, the governing body of the undead stopped all further attacks after the numerous amounts of bloodsuckers who met their fate that very night against my two elemental mentors and I stopped the massive assault as another failed attempt on my life. Things were finally peaceful and coming back to normal or close to it at least! With the way things have been going these last few months I wanted it to stay like this forever. Bobby of course disagreed with my outlook on the situation referring to this downtime as the calm before the storm, words of his I prayed were wrong.
It had been a typical Southern Californian’s winter; pretty much hot for the most part with little weather spurts here and there. It was the end of the semester, the end of football season, and the holidays snuck up on me quickly, as I transitioned back into my previous normal life into the incredibly hectic winter schedule. It was nice that school was off for literally two months before the next semester even began. In my case, this really wasn’t a break, only from my scholastic duties, nothing compared to being a collegiate cheerleader,  which required the cheer team not only have to cheer at basketball games, but having to practice for the upcoming competition season, which can be brutal.
Practices were long and strenuous and a lot of hard work, aching every day as we prepared for our upcoming National Cheerleading Championships at the happiest place on earth, The Walt Disney World Resort. People always have a stereotype of cheerleading, never understanding the true competitive sport of cheerleading, requiring the combination of demanding synchronized advanced levels of gymnastic skills, acrobatic skills where we put up stunts, basket tossing flyers while they execute head over heal rotating moves in the air as well as building pyramids to a three high level, basically a person hold a person who is hold up another person. If this story was about cheerleading, I could go on all day.
My enhanced new abilities allowed me loads of energy requiring less sleep and food these days. I found myself distracted at times, my mind flooding with the thoughts of everyone around me. All of my abilities amplified in strength and intensity as each day went by from my telepathy to my telekinesis to begin with. Even right now, while I stand here once again finding myself inside the comfy blue matted gymnasium, breaking for five before we drill the competition routine for to countless times now, my mind is cluttered on everyone’s thoughts about the upcoming competition which I should be focusing on, but hey, it seems like the team was doing the worrying for me.
I sat down by my cheer bag and reached for the schedule in my bag since I did not want my cheer coach do throw a shoe at me if she caught me with my smart phone out again. To my amazement I had not realized our last basketball game was this Thursday night, shortly after we would head off for the weekend to the happiest place on earth, the Walt Disney World Resort where the competition takes place every year. I was absolutely ecstatic finally getting a chance to get the hell out of the Los Angele Area for once.
In my absence Pete offered to stay and patrol since Bobby was also attending the competition as a faculty chaperone. It was comforting at least my close supernatural friend would be with there, although I speculated on the thought that the competition itself might be a possible target, but it was held at one of the most populated places in America. My lack of focus on my daytime life was to blame for not keeping myself up to date with my commitment to the cheer team. I double checked the schedule one more time just to make sure there weren’t any more surprise on the itinerary. I could not believe how fast the basketball season went since I had spent numerous hours preoccupied with my other life.
Thanks to the Voice’s activation of the upgraded operating system using the enhanced holograms in the Grand Hall to our advantage, utilizing all the resources available allowing us to train and research more about my undead enemies. I also discovered what the skull creature was, a soul sucking shadowed hell hound, or hell hound, was the figure guarding the archive I broke into the day after the battle. I could only wonder if they remaining governing body may have disregarded any more attempts on my life given everything that has happened so far, but I knew that was wishful thinking.
My deep thinking was distracted when my sixth sense warned me of the oncoming flying shoe about to hit my head. I let the shoe hit the top of my head, jumping up quickly to my feet rushing now as our coach yelled out that our break time was over and we had to drill the competition routine again. As the team made our way to our places on the mat for the opening stunt sequence, I stood waiting for the music to play and hopefully keep my mind off the undead for the remainder of our practice. We worked hard for the last hour, perfecting every part of our routine, being this one of the first time in two years since we qualified for this National Competition for years.
Once our practice had ended, I gathered my things together as I headed out the gymnasium door oblivious of the person on the other side now colliding of course, dropping my cheer bag in the process of my stumble. For being supernatural, I still had my klutzy moments. Lately whenever I found myself about to fall, usually from more dangerous circumstances, my telekinesis would push me back to my feet, but before I had a chance to catch my own fall I felt the quick arms grasp around me, feeling the strong toned arms embrace me tightly, preventing me from a full on dumbass embarrassing tumble to the ground. Amazed at the man’s quick reflexes, I snapped my head up quickly to find that the arms holding me upright were those of the all too good looking Jean Paul.
I was cordial with Jean Paul since he was honestly so nice and sincere every time we have crossed paths. I wanted reasons to dislike him, but I played nice since they put him in charge of overseeing the cheer program because the head of the athletic department didn’t give a rat’s ass about the team, always questioning why cheer wasn’t being overseen by clubs and organizations. If there is one thing you don’t say is that cheerleading is not a sport in front of cheerleaders, that’s asking for hell. I found it odd I kept running into this man it lately. I paused still somewhat being held by the lean and slightly taller yet surprisingly strong handsome guy, knowing this should have felt a little more awkward than it did.
“Hey there,” Jean Paul exclaimed as he grinned at me, “how have you been doing?”
“I am so sorry,” I muttered as I scrambled to my feet, letting go of our strange grasp of each other. Plus I really did not feel like engaging in conversation, wanting to avoid the long overdue conversation about the battle when I saved him and his lover Kyle. I never got around to cleaning out those thoughts from their heads.
“My bad too,” he giggled a little, “I wasn’t looking where I was going either.” as he shook his phone that was in his hand. “Just getting out of practice?” Not shit Sherlock! I stood in front of him probably gleaming of sweat, my shirt drenched with sweat from the extensive workout.
“Yeah, you know, good old cheerleading. We just finished our practice for the big competition this weekend.”
“I know, thankfully now I’ll be there,” he informed me as my mood went from slightly irritated to annoyed wanting to get away from charming over here.
“That’s awesome!” Not!
“Yeah, I’m going with you guys since I’m technically your team’s advisor, but I’m also going to support you awesome cheerleaders.” Kiss ass!
“Oh you like cheerleading?” I inquired blankly.
“Well I enjoy a lot more these days,” he grinned again pausing for a second,” you know, ever since I became the overseer of the program, I have mad respect for you guys.”
“What’s your job again?” I questioned pretended not to know the answer.
“Assistant Athletic Director, therefore I was assigned to cheer as one of the others that I oversee as well.”
“That’s right,” I exclaimed as if it had dawned on me at that moment. “Well I guess I will see you this weekend?” I asked rhetorically as I started to head away.
“I’m looking forward to it!” he said enthusiastically, “now I have to go talk to your coach” his tone changed, the one thing the both of us could agree on, she was scary individual. Her non super powers were fear and intimidation.
“Good luck with that!”
“Ha, have a good night.”
“You too,” I responded.
I headed outside, having entered the building when it was dusk, now completely dark from another long practice. I head straight for my car, anxious to get home to freshen up, especially after literally falling into what’s-his-face. I headed to the fraternity house, feeling no need to head to the Grand Hall tonight; showering quickly and zooming right back out to take care of one more night patrol before I let tin man take over patrol since my schedule was booked after tonight. I made my way once again towards the last area I where I had one of my strange encounters. I had a hunch tonight I would come across something compared to many of the other boring nights.
A breeze swept across Pershing Square as I slowly made my way through the dark park slightly lit from the skyscrapers that surround the midtown park. There were many out tonight, all looking human for the most part, although downtown had its unique personalities that wandering the park. Tonight there were crazed locals lingering around the square, not exactly the safest place to be, however, being of Hispanic decent made it a little easier to walk around this time of night. I crossed the street now heading down the alley way that I once perched high above on the rooftops before hoping to run into the something lurking in the shadows. I walked through the alleyways behind the skyscrapers until reaching two figures leaning against the wall what appeared to be the back entrance of the bar, lurking in the shadows of the dim lighted ally way. I stopped yards away, undetectable, at least if they both were human. I wait leaning against the wall using my telepathic ability to connect with the two figures in the distance in order to determine the situation at hand. Bingo! 
This vampire was ballsy, doing the exact same thing he was doing last time, feeding off another handsome young man, hearing the slow sound of him gulping at controlled pace. I move my foot tapping the wall behind me softly, feeling the vampire’s head jolt up, mouth and fangs still inside the young swimmer built young man, sensing my presence. A part of me wanted to take this bloodsucker out, but he released his clench, using his vampire blood to heal the man’s scars before he scurried back into the bar. I chuckled for a second to myself, staying against the wall, as my entire body tingled warning me that I was about to have company. The dash of wind from the side alley stopping yards away from where I stood, as the vampire I had met the night of the tunnel incident was before me once more.
“I must say I am impressed Mordechi, that is the second time you have done the opposite of what I would expect of your kind,” I boasted.
“I knew you would come tonight,” he stated flatly, “looking for any more clues to what they are up to.”
“Top marks here,” I taunted, “are you able to tell me anything handsome?”
“So the feeling is mutual?”
“Just a compliment my undead friend,” I responded with doubt in my last word.
“Are we friends?”
“You tell me, what are they planning?”
“Chosen One, there are many plots developing all with one goal, to dispose of you from this earth permanently. You must be ready at any moment!”
“Why are you here?”
“To warn you, for actions have been put into motion and you need to be prepared. They will come for you and finish what they started.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Because I once knew a young man, just like you, lost, confused, forced into this dark world without choice, only because he posed a threat.” He stopped for a good minute staring at me intently. “They fear you because you have the power to stop whatever they throw at you. I beg you, be prepared at any moment! Good luck Chosen One.” 
Before I had the chance to open my mouth for a response the vampire blurred away from sight into the darkness of the alley way as I stood there gazing in confusion. Why on earth was this one vampire helping me? He mentioned he knew someone just like me, which was something I found quite intriguing, although I did not explain why he was warning me that danger was near. Maybe it was his attraction with me, after our last encounter, when his urges and desires deep inside made his lips connect with mine here in this very alley way. Frustrated, I turned around and decided to call it a night.
Chapter 18 The College National Cheerleading Championship

The busy weekend had finally approached before the blink of an eye. It was overtime, the basketball team finally making a slam dunk leading us to a victory. As soon as the buzzard went off indicating the game was over, the cheer team hauled ass back on the bus now booking it to Los Angeles International Airport to catch our red eye. We made it just in time as we made our way through the checkpoints and somehow board flight the plane a few minutes later. 
Before I had a real chance to catch my breath, the plane had taken off soaring high into the sky, next stop, Orlando, our destination sometimes known as the happiest place on earth, however I disagreed. I hated going to the chaotic and hectic madness that took place during a College Cheerleading Nationals since it was held in one of the most crowded theme parks in the world, regardless of the fact the actual venue wasn’t in the park itself, rather taking place in the Wide World of Sports Complex inside the HP house, a part of the Walt Disney World Resort.
We had arrived a day early even though our preliminary round was not until tomorrow, already causing commotion amongst the team since this happened to also be daylight saving weekend meaning we would lose an hour come Sunday, confusing so many competitors. I hate to say but some of the girls and guys did fit the stereotypical ditzy clueless cheerleader profile, and there happen to be quite a handful here. After we checked into our hotel rooms and registration for the competition, we noticed that our time slot for prelims tomorrow was at eleven eleven o clock that night. 
Of course half the team was tripping out since in cheerleader time that meant one eleven possibly two in the morning. These events had so many teams in various divisions and categories browsing through the list of all the teams participating competition, from large to small, coed or all girl, partner stunt, all girl stunt. It appeared many of the other teams in our time slights had to have been freaking out over the simplest change of one hour; however it wasn’t that simple of a concept to grasp for some of the competitors. Unfortunately not all of competitors are the brightest color in the coloring box.
I was just happy we would get our two and a half minutes front and center whether we qualified for finals or not, since we did not have a reputation for being the best of the best like most teams from California, since only remote places like Kentucky and Alabama had the reputation as being the best there is, cheerleading-wise. So much had developed since my ascension I found it refreshing to be in the presence of the norm again, joining my teammates as we spent the first day exploring the different theme parks, enjoying ourselves before we kicked it into comp mode.
There was a knot in my stomach throughout the day that was meant to be fun and relaxing before our bug day, conflicted with inner turmoil of my future now thanks to this discrete supernatural life I was now a part of. The way things were looking, this might be my last year as a college cheerleader. I had a lot to think about for the upcoming year once my obligations were finished. It was bad enough my ordinary life already felt like a distant memory but there were things I still wanted to achieve and accomplish. In reality, I had never asked for these supernatural abilities, being a very unexpected and non returnable gift the day I turned twenty one. A part of me was conflicted for awhile, even now, wanting to conceal these gifts once I learned what I was capable of, but I knew in my heart that God gave me these abilities to do the right thing, protecting and defending humanity from the things they cannot defend themselves from. 
It would be wrong, selfish even turning my back on mankind using my gifts for my personal gain, like my Faceless Foe. Would I have followed this path of righteousness if the vampires didn’t start attack from day one? As much as I wanted to dwell on all this, I shook it off reminding myself that the past was the past, let’s focus on the future. At least I had the comfort knowing that I wasn’t completely alone this weekend, soon joined by Bobby as we spent the remainder of the day making the best of our time here at the Magic Kingdom.
The following day came quickly as multiple alarms went off getting me out of bed, fearing the wrath of my cheer coach if I was a nanosecond late. I showered and preparing my things, wearing a jumpsuit Bobby had given me a few weeks ago just in case of an attack, concealing it with my competition cheerleading uniform. I stood for a few moments staring at myself, examining my reflection to make sure I was neatly put together in my uniform preparing myself mentally for our big performance trying too hard not to think about all the vampire bullshit. I held my left arm for a moment, pressing my thumb against the area where my wand lay beneath the layers of my skin, assuring myself that I was armed with at least one powerful weapon, lodged in place. My stomach churned inside, twisting and knotting, fighting off the terrible vibe I sensed from the second I woke up almost wanted to barricade myself in the room. 
I took in a deep breath, exhaling out clearing my mind completely right before I grabbed my cheer bag and rushed out the hotel room door. I could hear the hallways starting to fill with the chatter of the team heading out for our final practice before performing for the preliminary rounds. The team had breakfast together at a nearby restaurant in the hotel resort, one of many areas within the Magic Kingdom, giving me some time chill out. Thankfully even if I wanted to dwell on my sorrows worrying about vampires and hell hounds possibly turning this place into bloodshed, my mind went into completely cheer mode excited for what our team had worked for all year, excited to be doing what I loved to most, bringing it!
We jumped on the shuttle to the sports complex making it there early enough to find a grassy area outside the large arena, giving us ample practice space as we prepared for the two and a half minutes that was built up from the beginning of the cheer season. As we stretched I gazed into the cloudy sky with scattered dark clouds around, making it darker out then yesterday, the clouds forming together in unique shapes as they above high up in the sky, gathering up as if drops of rain were to coming pouring down any minute. We took up most of the day practicing sections of our routine taking advantage of our down time since our official warm up time on the blue mats. 
All the high ranking teams were always guaranteed an automatic spots into the finals, while the rest had to compete in the preliminary rounds in order to earn a spot into finals. Then you had to execute the routine again, even better if you do make it finals. Of course, we had to compete today unlike the amazing teams from Kentucky and Alabama, who are probably having too much fun going on rides and shit in the Magic Kingdom. However, once we practiced our opening stunt sequences, and basket tosses, I was filled up with adrenaline and excitement. We nailed the routine hitting everything solid transitioning from our one stunt sequence to another in perfect sync. Before we knew it, night had fallen.
Time was dragging slowing once we lined up behind the large line of other teams waiting impatiently. Everyone began reminiscing about our unforgettable moments from our last trip here to Orlando. Laughing from the different stories everyone shared made me feel warm inside, at home again. The adrenaline started to kick in. I loved the rush and sensation the moment you step onto that mat in the center of the large arena, performing your heart out. The feeling of the intensity and excitement and nerves mixed up all into one kicks in. Before we knew it, we were making our way to the warm up area passing through the corridors finding another line for the warm up mat, crammed with other teams waiting for their turn to use the warm. I wanted to telepathically tell all of them to execute their routines poorly, but I didn’t. I really wanted to place this year!
In order to qualify this year, the whole team had to be able to do at least a back tuck. I was very lucky the ascension took place prior to the competition seasons, giving me that extra little boost I needed to perfect my tucks. Thanks to tin he forced me to train and fight without relying on my abilities as much as possible, giving me even more of an athletic edge. Everything felt great; we were pumped and ready with positive energy until the loud speaker ruined it completely. Panic spread throughout the corridor when the announcement over the sound system informed the crowd they were an hour behind from schedule from the intended itinerary making everyone in the hallways nervous. It was mind boggling to me the reason why, because of the time change for daylight savings. 
I called it earlier, figuring this would happen, glancing at my phone for just a second to see that it had already been past ten at night. We were going to be here all night, damn! This gave me an opportunity to run out into to stands to see if Bobby had situated himself in the stands to see they him sitting right there! My hero! I turned back now dashing through the crowd of competitors lined up waiting in the hall corridors for their turn for the final practice. I was not alone tonight in the event we all die from the vicious villainous creatures that might be assembling outside as we speak. I tried to mentally scan the crowd but not having perfected my telepathy, it was overwhelming trying to listen in on suspicious thoughts when there I was surrounded by massive herds of cheerleaders. I gave up not even after five minutes.
Another hour went by when we approached the pre warm up mat, where teams stretch out and warm up on the smaller mat before the actual last rehearsal, which from this point was probably going to be another anxious hour. The competition was paused because someone got injured on the mat and they had to stretch them out on an ambulance. Cheerleading was a very dangerous sport, more than football based on some statistics. There were always head, back, neck injuries on top of broken limbs and appendages every now and then. That is the danger in this occupation, part of the risk whenever stunting and tumbling at this level. We finally made it to our warm up time, only for another forty five minutes to go, seeing it had just turned eleven eleven on the clock. Make a wish! 
Before we made it onto the actual last rehearsal mat, another delay in schedule occurred from another bad fall stalling the competition for another twenty minutes. I hope I didn’t accidentally telepathically tell everyone to do badly, did I? Was it a good thing that so many teams were making mistakes, since we really wanted to earn a spot in the finals? As horrible as it sounds, everyone here was probably thinking the same thing, actually wait a minute, they were from what the thoughts I overheard in several of my teammate’s heads, lifting the tiny bit of guilt inside me. Who doesn’t want to win, no offense! 
Our coached choreographed an excellent award winning routine, and I was now pumped with anticipation when we finally got to run our final rehearsal and good fifteen minutes into this now early Sunday morning, warming up one last time. The big moment was finally here, as we executed the routine flawlessly, as we now made our way down the side stairwell leading down to the back of the draped stage with a prop of a castle replicated like the one in the theme park, the castle doorway cutout being where the teams entered rallying out onto the blue mat to perform in front of the massive audience as well as the large judges panel. 
Before we made it down the hallway, the team was greeted by our infamous Assistant Athletic Director, Jean Paul and his lover Kyle who came behind the stage to wish us luck, and wished me good luck as he strolled away, winking at me as if he were by himself, followed by his lover and our coach as they made their exit to the coaches area, where they watched us perform our routine as they played the music portions on the music system. Although I tried to not care too much for our new advisor’s presence, I was impressed he did take the time to come out and support the cheerleaders, something the head of the department would have never done since he doesn’t consider cheerleading as a sport, but that guy is a dick.
We were on deck, watching the team from behind the curtains as the crowd roars with excitement, pumped with excitement for the last two teams competing in the preliminary rounds with just one team left before we took that center stage when it finally hit me. Instantly like a wave crashing into me, the super sixth sense went haywire as if it were smacking me with the blow of boxer’s punch. 
No, not now! Please be a false alarm. My natural adrenaline overcharged immensely from the signal of present danger. The late time slot, the delaying of the competition schedule now pushing our performance time back until the late hours of the night, this is what I was warned many times to prepare for. It was just the preliminary night, not the main event. Most of the spectators were mostly other cheer teams waiting for the results of tonight’s rounds but that’s about it. It all made sense, the vampires found the perfect opportunity and location to pull off another isolated attack even thousands of miles away from Los Angeles and after months of hiding in the dark.
The Sports Complex was quite a distance away from the hotel and theme park, separated miles apart from each other. How could I have been so blind to not see that this was what they wanted? This was the perfect surrounding, trapping us within the complex. I closed my eyes trying to deny it to myself, however the pulsating vibrations of sparks that flowed throughout my body told me I was dead wrong. I opened them again once we were summoned to the main stage. I had to do something so I kept my eyes closed, pretending I was going over the routine in my mind when I was actually screaming out with my telepathy one word, trouble! I felt helpless since I was the only one aware of the danger with now way of warning the crowd. I held my breath, hoping this was another false alarm but before I knew it the sounds of applause as the music ended indicated the last team had finished their routine and had cleared the stage. Showtime!
The staff members waived us onto the center stage entrance of the fake castle. I stalked in a little bit slower behind the team, waving and rallying my arms in the air on auto pilot, searching around the crowd, as the nightmare started to come to life. Worst of all, there was no sign of Bobby. The team made it to their spots quickly with their heads down waiting for the opening sequence music to start. Here we go! My head-looks were now in full cheerleading mode, clasping my hands together as we executed the first music portion of our routine. I was at a loss feeling the warnings continue throughout my body, but I had my stage face on managing to contain the surges that tempted me to spring out and hunt down the imminent danger.  
We made it through to the cheer portion of the routine, which pretty much spoke for itself as we tossed up our stunts to the synchronization with the letter being shouted out. So far so good! We huffed and puffed our way setting for the final portion of the routine. The music started up again as we continued, tossing  our flyers soaring high in the air, setting up for the final pyramid that hit in perfect synchronization with the ending beat of our music, watching my flyer twist around as she grasp onto another flyer’s hands, now being tossed to the thy of the flyer, making a hitch motion inward, as the last two counts of our music hit, “Let’s Go”, the team shouted out once the top flyer’s and cheerleader’s with signs on the ground extend their arms in a waving their hands in the air. 
We held our three high pyramids in perfect position as the entire crowd of the arena burst into applause seeing that we nailed a flawless routine for our bid into the finalist bracket. My heart was racing as we held our stunts up still waiting before bring down our human pyramid down back safely to the ground, torn up by the fact that we did a fantastic job and should qualify for the finals conflicting with the horrible feeling of something terrible about to happen. Of course, just after a few seconds went by while the crowd still roared with applauses and praises, the power went out inside the arena now completely pitch black, with no windows to allow even the moon light to enter the venue. The unexpected commotion and pure lack of sight caused our stunts to drop instantly, the human pyramid now collapsing on to the floor from the darkness that consumed the circular arena. A few of my teammates fell right on top of me as we stumbled onto the blue mat. Holy shit, it’s beginning!
Screams of fear engulfed the dark space filled with frantic chaos from the massive group of cheerleaders now sightless from the outage of power. Bodies began moving all around, some trying to grab for their phones and anything to produce even a dim amount of light, when the screams intensified as my enhanced hearing picked up on the movement of several blurred figures closing in on the arena, some already have entered the circular venue barricading the main entrance doors. Thanks the marvelous abilities that surged inside every nerve of my body, I could feel the spark of blue returning to my eyes, creating some visibility allowing me to make out what was taking place, the only way I could describe it to this day was like blue tinted night vision goggles. 
Some of the vampires had entered from the very top nose bleed section, leaping several levels down as they started their rampage, while others had entered from the main level entrance before the stairwells that descended down to the center stage floor level, when I noticed what some of the bloodsuckers above us were armed with guns as they started shooting at the light fixture above, as the screams of annoyance turned to terror since everyone else was blinded by the darkness only to see the flicker of light from the gunfire. Son of a bitch, bullets, that’s a new low. 
Bodies were pushing against each other, trying to find a way to exit, only stumbling and bumping into one another completely helpless without their use of their sight forgetting the fact they were inside a circular arena and that the exits of the place were above us, unfortunately being blocked by the last thing these cheerleaders wanted to encounter. The flickers of light that came from the gunfire above us gave everyone else in idea where the anarchy was taking place. More horrific cries came from the hallways above, sensing that many were being terrorized if not worse. Another commotion grabbed our attention from outside, as more vampires had entered the building that was already surrounded and isolated by the long waited planned assault, as Massacre of the World Wide Sport Complex had begun.
The team had dispersed but still stood on the blue mat stuck in the mashed up mob desperately trying to find their way out of this near pitch black death zone. Just my luck of course already having to deal with the bloodsuckers when I heard the loud hissing sounds from behind the barricaded doors as they burst open, letting at least ten large shadowed soul sucking hell hounds into the arena flanking around the circular arena to join the massacre. Three of the shadowed hounds flew right at me able to spot me out of all the other male cheerleaders in the crowd, scrambling to my feet as I glared back at the three cloaked skulls engaging me with pure animosity. 
This time I was prepared at least to take these things on, as I built up my telekinetic energy now pulsating mixed with the adrenaline, allow an intense powerful surge of visible telekinetic blast glimmering the blue aura, sending two of them to fly backwards while the other one still heading straight towards me. It screeched loudly as it pierced its dark mattered plasmatic skeletal arm right through my chest. However, I knew the outcome of this as I slowly raised my hand up grabbing onto the one area that was capable of physically touching, the skull itself, now squeezing the dense hard matter, only to feel two more plasmatic arms stab me from behind. “Fuck!” I cursed at the hell hounds, screeching as they try to drain the light source of life that flows inside me. 
I grasped the skull trying to crush it with my bare hand even as my body went numb from the inflicted wounds. For a few seconds I thought they would succeed in their murderous way, but the essence the flowed throughout me defended the very life force inside of me. Building up the energy I quickly repulsed a powerful telekinetic blast creating a brilliance of blue light knocking the hell hounds off of me screeching as they flew out of control in pain. I landed softly on the ground until I was bumped from behind by several people, who unlike myself, still could not see for shit, all the meanwhile the hell hounds continuing to reengaging me with full speed, not caring of the other humans that stood in our way, most likely some of my fellow cheerleaders. 
It got closer when I yelled out, “Duck,” then reaching out my left hand waiting just for the perfect moment to undercut the skull once it was in range. I initiated my swing starting out with my palm cusped clenching my left fist tighter. I felt the magical wand extending into my hand as I jabbed the wand into the skull, watching the flimsy looking wood crack the skeletal bone with ease, breaking through to the other end of hound’s head as a screeched in pain, now slowly diminishing the dark mattered creature, a trick I learned in one of the books I found in the Grand Hall. From the continuing sounds of gunfire, fighting, and killing, I did not have time to let this demon die slowly, as my right hand produced a powerful jolt of telekinetic blast, now destroy plasmatic dark matter explode with an array of light.
Every vampire and shadowed hell hound stopped dead in their tracks momentarily, witnessing the take down from the small glimmers of light I was producing during my struggle. The commotion quickly resumed as several vamps rushed down to the stage, literally tossing people aside as the combat part of this began in this pitch black dark space, me not holding back having prepared for this very moment. Instantly I charged them already fighting back, kicking and punch, tossing and turning, all the meanwhile doing my best to avoid any bystanders still stuck in the pitch black battleground, grateful I had the advantage of my blue tinted night vision maneuvering through the chaos targeting the oncoming vamps. The situation was already looking dire sensing the agony and pain of the innocent spectators’ lives being taken all around me. I needed my backup desperately. Why hadn’t Bobby come to my aid yet? What if they got captured all because of me? What did the vampires want from all this, another attempt on my life? Terrorize a fucking cheerleading competition just to isolate me? Allies or not, I’m going to stop this!
The sound of gunfire above us grew which at first seeming like warning shots towards the ceiling however after taking a closer look during the brief seconds I had in between fighting and maneuvering around in the dark, I realized their bullets were aimed at one particular spot, the supports that held up the massive light fixture right above us. Holy shit! There are still a ton of people on this down here stuck on the stage level directly underneath the large fixture. I need to get them off the damn stage. Now changing my focus on the people rushing using my telekinesis to my advantage, placing people into the stands of the stage any way I could, pushing groups of bystanders away from the main stage, tossing many of them into the stands clearing as many off as long of this perimeter before they brought down the light fixture, watching a few vampire jump on it trying to tear down the supports. I heard a loud noise come from the back of where the stage was centered, as the crashing sound of walls finally indicated that I wasn’t alone. 
The ground started to shake as the wall behind us burst into half, as the mighty Colossus stood there in the shadow standing behind him a blond haired girl carrying a large brilliant sword following in his footsteps, making an emergency exit route as the people raced towards the sight of dim light creeping into the arena, letting in a breeze of air as the sound of running feet rushed towards the broken down wall that led into the corridor where exits to the streets away from the massacre. Pete leaped near my seeing I was removing the as many spectators as I could from the center stage.
“How the hell did you get here so fast from LA?” I demanded as the two joined in and engaged our undead assaulters. 
“I called in a favor. Meet Ileana, my sister.”
“Nice to meet you,” I replied quickly, “sorry it wasn’t under better circumstances.”
“Likewise,” she responded back slicing the arm off of a vamp that tried to grab her.
“That’s one bad ass sword! Where is Bobby?” I inquired while decapitating a bloodsucker, twisting his neck and head around snapping it off with ease.
“Outside,” he replied quickly, “he ran into some trouble but called me the minute shit went down.” Thank God he’s alright!
“We have to get these people off this stage, see the vamps above us,” I shouted to the two as they finished off a few more vamps while I managed to stab another hell hound through the skull. “They’re shooting down the supports to that light fixture that’s going to come down any minute. Our priority is to get these people to safety. Your whole in the wall helped by the way, thank you!”
“You’re welcome!”
“Are you able to help at all Ileana?” I questioned when she yanked one of the injured competitors, disappearing in front of my very eyes only to reappear a second later standing in front of me to demonstrate her marvelous ability, teleportation.
“Call me Magik,” she stated as she whistled away transporting the civilians to safety.
“Pete, stay with me. I’m going to need help with that,” I explained hinting at the massive fixture hanging above.
“Agreed,” Pete stated as we moved swiftly, attempting to get as many people away from this disaster. It was almost cleared out when I heard a loud laugh come from above us. I turned up to see that those fierce green electrified eyes filled with hate glaring at me.
“You,” I shouted. It was the Faceless Foe in the flesh, cloaked as always, apparently enjoying the anarchy taking place.
“Well well, if it isn’t the Chosen One, still alive!”
“I don’t go down that easily prick!”
“Apparently not,” he said in low voice as he reached for the large metal round object that with a scope attached. “Here is how you eliminate a threat you undead morons!” he shouted aiming it right at the main support of the light fixture. Without hesitation he pulled the trigger as a rocket blasted right for the top of the fixture that was barely holding on by a thread exploding on impact watching it engulf into flames now brightening the arena from the darkness revealing the catastrophe and bloodshed taking place.
The half ton fixture started plummeting quickly down as the supports gave out, watching it fall quickly towards the blue mat.  Pete and I dashed under the falling fixture taking perfect positions in hopes the two of us were strong enough to slow this object from colliding with the last handful of people hurt or unconscious from being squashed from this fiery debris. I glanced down over the few people left on the mat, to find myself standing over Jean Paul holding onto his hurt lover along with a few more people a few feet away. They all ducked down anticipating the inevitable when Pete and I nodded at each other as we reached up bracing for impact. I gripped a large portion of the fixture telekinetically slowing it down with one hand while the other kept exerting massive energy shield that would protect us from the debris. Within seconds the pounding force almost knocked me to the ground, but I fought with every ounce of willpower left in me as I crushed one part of the structure making it crumble into small harmless pieces of rubble falling like rain onto the ground. I could hear Pete roar with might as the structure slamming down, as we both held it up with our unique gifts, slowing down as much as we could while Magik teleported as many people out of harm’s way until it finally collapsed. 
Flames from the explosion now ignited the Field House somehow managing to avoid being crushed to death, rising up surrounded by the flames of the burning fixture turning to the asshole that caused this, standing in the same place at first gloating assuming a premature defeat. I stood back up glaring at the Faceless Foe, my uniform now half burned, torn, and stained with blood from the chaos, exposing the dark jumpsuit I had on underneath. 
“Try stopping this Acolyte,” he roared aiming the rocket launcher at me. Mother fucker! I hate this guy!
“You son of a bitch,” I cursed at him as I watched him re grip the trigger. The true face of death now sped its way towards me. There’s no time to think this one out. I let my survival instincts take over as I hauled ass dashing at a phenomenal speed the opposite direction the rocket was sent from. I had to lead this flying bomb out of here. I aimed my entire body with full force as I headed straight towards a wall with the outside just on the other end, extending my wand seconds before colliding with the wall. Here goes nothing! Boom!
Chapter 19 Flight and Fight

A powerful wave of energy blasted out of my wand, causing the wall in front of me to explode, erupting creating another huge hole in wall that divided us from inside the arena to the outdoors as I sprinted out into the night with the rocket tailing behind me with great speed. I turned around to see Bobby landing down on the side of the hole when I glared at him quickly, showing my complete and utter disapproval of my mentor’s absence not having time to stop and say hello. I sped through the walkway passing through the cluster of buildings that made up the Sports Complex. Taking advantage of the elevated stadium I leaped to the top hoping the rocket would continue on a straight path only to see this wasn’t just a regular rocket but a heat seeking one. Shit!
I dashed up, scaling up to the rooftop of the closest building nearby with the heat seeker tailing me every direction I went. I bounded and leaped from one rooftop to another, finding random obstacles that would detonate the rocket but it was no use. I jumped once more landing the open baseball field stadium rooftop giving me a large stretch of running space until I realized there were no more rooftops left to leap onto looking over to horizon only to see the night sky ahead. Even though the Walt Disney World Resort had several different theme parks within the resort, they were spread out miles apart from each other. I would have never guessed how perfect this venue was isolated away from the public since it was so early in the morning, the only witnesses would be the distraught neurotic college cheerleaders. I reached the edge of the building, now propelling myself with my telekinetic force, planking my body in a flying position with my left arm behind me as I pushed as hard through the wand launching me at least twenty stories into the dark cloudy night sky. Without hesitation or thought, I continued conjuring up as much telekinetic energy consistently pulsating burst of energy allowing me to stay at the same height from where I jumped off the building, when it struck me, I’m not leaping or bounding anymore, I’m flying! 
It wasn’t one hundred percent perfect feeling the moments where I had descended down a few yards however managing to levitate right back up as I started to twist around in the air, hoping my new aerial maneuvers would throw the heat seeker but found no luck since it was locked on. Scanning the area around, I realized that we were near swamp areas nearly less the a few miles away within the premises of the theme park, reminding myself of the area near the hotel that was surrounded by the murky swamps. Finding it quickly thanks to my blue night vision I spotted a swamp nearby noticing an old wooden canoe capsized randomly floating in the murky plant covered water. Here goes nothing! I position my body perfectly in a tight plank position, diving into the water right underneath the upside down boat, now submerged under the water watching the rocket zoom right into the boat. In seconds flames engulfed the canoe erupting instantly. After diving deep enough to avoid being hit by the sinking debris, I launched myself out of the water onto dry land nearby. 
I did it, not only did I official fly for the first but I also managed to remove the rocket on top of that. Bad ass! I got back up after catching me breath examining the condition I was in, or should I say the condition of my cheerleading uniform practically torn apart exposing the jumpsuit underneath. They ruined my cheerleading uniform, a true crime in itself! Now I was livid, angry, and ready to head right back finish the quarrel once and for all. Here goes nothing! This time I was on the ground level having to propel myself airborne once more, with my wand in my left hand as I pushed off with immense force into the gloomy night sky making my way back to the battle, now taking flight with much more ease after what I just experienced.
I zoomed through the night air feeling tiny droplets of rain developing from the dark clouds now sprinkling down.  The clock tower of the theme park was in the distance showing that it was close to four in the morning, but then losing another hour made it already five, reminding me of the time change. We lost an hour so that means the sun should come up within the next hour, something I could use to my advantage. This isolated attack was absolutely a nightmare, guns and rocket launchers, and the hell hounds. They really did not care this time about the lives they took, whereas before they were holding back trying not to draw too much attention to the undead race. They were now so desperate the plotted their assault at a cheerleading competition of all places. I refuse to allow them succeeded tonight, not without a fight! 
I spotted the arena, still swarming with vampires and hell hounds. Some of the kept guard of whatever areas that weren’t blasted through or destroyed, apparently trapping as many human hostages contained as they could. I touched on the ground directly in front of the main entrance of the arena when low and behold; the Faceless Foe was exiting the facility along with a group of vamp henchmen behind him as the two of us glared at each other, feeling the stinging hatred from his fierce green eyes. Showtime! He launched himself at me with full force as I blocked his initial first swing, as the two of us went fist to fist in a heat match. “Sorry, did I fuck up your perfect plan you son of bitch?”
“How dare you speak of my mother,” he snapped as he jumped up giving me a swift kick throwing me back a few feet into the concrete. “I must say I am rather impressed with your tenacity to survive the inevitable over and over again, confounding us all now witnessing you soaring through the air with ease. Now you’ve come back here to defend these ludicrous humans as if they gave two flying fucks about your selfless righteous path. Every since the ascension you’ve been running around pretending to be some acolyte of humanity saving them for their pitiful mortal lives. You’re pathetic!”
“No prick, I’m the mother fucking Acolyte!” 
I jabbed him with my clenched fist so hard it threw his ass right back inside the lobby as I came charging fast reengaging the Faceless Foe once again. Our hand to hand combat continued when I noticed the group of vampires behind him had taken hostage of Jean Paul and his lover, both knocked out cold. I twisted him around wrestling him down to the ground miraculously putting him in a head lock facing the hostages.
“Let them go!”
“I need that one alive,” the green eyed foe demanded pointing his finger at Jean Paul. Why does this guy want to take him hostage? What the hell is he up? Whatever it is, I am going to stop it regardless if these two weren’t my favorite new people around.
“Hurry up,” hissed one of the vamps, “let’s take the little faggots out of here.” 
“Oh shit,” cursed the Faceless Foe somehow aware of my reaction to that one particular vulgar word followed by enormously loud clashes of pounding angry thunder.
“What the fuck did you just say?” I shouted as I slammed my nemesis down on the floor now facing the foul mouthed bloodsucker puffing my chest up trying to hold back. 
“Did I hurt your feelings Cheer Queer?” the vampire taunted back causing me to finally snap hearing another vulgar phrase as another roar of clashing thunder joined in my rage as if mother nature was upset by the vermin’s poor choice of words against the enemy.
“Oh hell no,” I growled leaping away from my current confrontation landing in front of the hateful vampire. 
Before he could react I grabbed him by the neck lifting him off the ground in the process, causing him to released Jean Paul from the unsuspected side attack, I crushed his neck watching the bloodsucker turn into flickering ash and dust as I stood there huffing and puffing.  Glaring at the other vampire who knew he was next, I watch him set down other hostage Kyle.
“This Cheer Queer, this faggot right here,” pointing at myself, “will be the one you will all fear because this Cheer Queer will be the last thing any of you vampires will ever see before I annihilate you and your entire species!” I shouted with raging anger feeling my face burning up from the blood rushing up. Some of the vamps started retreating from the hallway after my display of rage that was apparently heard throughout the area.
“Quite the violent one Acolyte,” teased the Faceless Foe, “I thought you are supposed to be the good one?” he sneered while I marched towards him not caring about any obstructions ahead taking out a few more vamps attempting to take me down, but I had my eyes set on one person. Fidgeting in place, I caught an object descending from his arm inching its way down to his hand. It appeared to be a wand similar to my own, seeing I was ready to put up one hell of a fight.
“I see you have proclivity from cramping my style,” I boasted holding my wand down by my side. “Do you really want to do this here?” I asked in a daring tone. “Fail that is?”
“I’m not the one who is going to fail tonight,” he muttered under his breath. “No, not tonight my friend, in fact, I was just on my way out,” he admitted.
“Retreating so soon? Too afraid to face me are you?”
“Well when your surround by your backup,” he stated as I felt the presence of Iceman, Colossus and Magik flanking around him on opposite ends. “Who’s the new girl? I you’re your sword!”
“Thanks,” she replied dully.
“It would look great planted right through your chest!” he barked, “But maybe another time. Besides, I am not the one you were meant to face tonight.” He paused for a second as we hear the continuous screams from throughout the complex. “You know you can end this right now? All you have to do is fight your way up to the rooftop where Lord Tepelus is waiting your arrival, because in the end all they want is you! If you want them to stop before they murder every human in the complex, I would highly suggest you hurry, plus he has a surprise in store for your final act.” 
I stood silent for a second as the four of us glanced back and forth at each other speculating on his cryptic advice wondering what the next move should be. The devious Faceless Foe used this moment to dodge his way around Colossus in a quick dash, exiting the half destroyed Field House launching himself high into the night sky once again trying to mimic me.
“Are you okay kid?” Bobby asked genuinely.
“Where the hell were you?”
“It’s a long story, after this is over, I promise,” Bobby replied as the other two stood silent.
“Fine, what’s the situation?” I asked, not concerned with my own well being at the moment.
“There are some vampires still inside, holding up groups of hostages they’ve managed to keep contained in one section of the stands,” Pete informed me.
“We managed to take down a good amount of the vamps,” Ileana added, “but your green eyed friend is right about something going down on the rooftop.”
“Not to mention the fact they might have some hostages up there from the commotion we heard not too long ago,” Pete noted.
“Call it kid!” Bobby insisted.
“Something tells me luck is on our side because the sun will come up soon. Regardless we have to fight off the last of the vampires. Magik, when the three of us charge inside the arena can you start teleporting the hostages they have out?”
“Not shit Sherlock,” she said egotistically.
“Pete, you and I will handle to vamps while Ileana sneaks in. Kid, make your way up to the rooftop immediately,” Bobby instructed before he reach his hand out grabbing my arm looking me intently with his piercing blue eyes, “Josh, be careful.”
“I will Bobby,” I replied sincerely. “Call me the Acolyte!” It had a ring to it regardless of the person who kept referring to me as one.
We all nodded in agreement, as the three of us reentered the anarchy taking place inside the arena. Within seconds we were back into combat mode inside the destroyed and bloodstained arena, none of us holding back, as I could hear the transformation of my two companions behind me. Pete, Bobby and I charged towards the bloodsuckers swarmed around a huddled group of innocent bystanders. I glanced over my shoulder to see Bobby’s hands had transformed into an ice apparatus in the shape of guns, as shards of ice began shooting at an automatic pace taking out several of our attackers not standing a chance against Bobby’s ice bullets. I learned the reason that Bobby’s ice form is capable of hurting the vampires painfully is because his ice form was blessed one day by a priest, only explaining that it was due a previous altercation with the undead, not revealing any details of his mysterious past. 
We engaged the attackers with ease, combating our way through the remaining vampires, turning the tables of this assault. After the arena start to empty out thanks to the help of our teleporting female ally, I turned to my two mentors speechless, nodding at them acknowledging what I had to do next, finally face the leader of governing body of the vampire species on the rooftop awaiting my arrival for my supposed final act. Although I had initially planned to access the rooftop through the inside, I ran out the front entrance of Field House, confusing my allies until they saw me blast off from the ground deciding to use this possible element of surprise soaring into now raining sky once more, somewhat getting the hang of my new ability.
I landed swiftly onto the center of the rooftop tucking and land in the middle of the cluster of figures in a circle that surrounded the door they expected me to walk through from, hearing this hisses and growls once I landed in the middle holding a defensive stance. Ileana was definitely right about something going down up here, as I slowly gazed at the crowd swarmed around me, consisted of six of my fellow cheerleading teammates with their eyes blacked and skulls glowing from the inside, all obviously possessed by the hell hounds, as well as six vampires between them with Vlad Tepelus, son of the infamous king of the vampires stood at the point end of the group gleaming at the scenario. 
“Good evening.” I said boldly to the group. “It appears our last encounter wasn’t enough. Tell me oh mighty prince, was losing that many of your kind worth it, when you know how this is going to end, for all of you?”
“You arrogant little fag…” screamed one of the vampires that suddenly charged me in a blur, however using my telekinesis, I brought her to a halt, gripping so hard at her neck I could hear the tearing sound of vampire flesh breaking, then using my other hand to slam her hard into the cement rooftop, causing several limbs to break in the process, leaving her handicapped. In seconds two of my possessed teammates charged me one getting a few good jabs to the face, the other one grabbing my leg now throwing me into the ground as I hesitantly initiated them in combat reminding myself that they were still my teammates doing my best only to defend myself from them managing to knock unconscious without harming them too bad.
“Hell hounds, quite marvelous and obedient creatures when they are summoned, aren’t they Chosen One, or should I say the mighty Acolyte of humanity?” Vlad Tepelus inquired rhetorically. “As we speak they’ve taken possession of your peers and soon their souls will be consumed by soul sucking demons, essentially more innocent blood on your hands.”
“You want me dead yet stand there mocking me,” I barked while the endless fighting and combating continued on during our dialogue. “You stand behind your vampire henchmen and ghouls you conjured up to hide behind some possessed humans.” I managed to knock out another one of my teammates put everyone into action, except for the prince.
These five very skilled vampires were not making it easy, one being stronger than any vampire I had encountered so far, getting to edge on me time and time again. I rolled after he slammed my entire body onto the floor, twisting around as he pounded his arms that were meant to crush me denting each spot he hit until I noticed a bag fall from the sky onto to rooftop in my direction, hearing the sound of ice particles forming high above. My weapons bag, good timing Professor! My new ally must have brought the bag with them when they teleported from Los Angeles. I panicked as struggling to find a direct path to where it landed, being hovered by the gigantic beast until motioned my hand at the bag watching it zip through the air right into my hands. Bingo!
I twisted around reaching for the crossbow in the process, until I lay flat on my back with the weapon aimed ready to launch at the right moment. I released the trigger sending a silver pointed arrow into chest, causing him to fall to his knees as I jumped towards him, grasping onto the giant mans shoulders now, pulling with all my might until the shredding sound from both sides as my power grip tore both of the vampire’s arms off before he had the chance to retract the arrow from his chest. 
I got up to my feet feeling my entire body ache from being bruised and battered hardcore, however, it wasn’t going to stop me from taking down rest and saving the other possessed teammates. I crouched in a defensive stand as the mixed group charged me all at once with full speed. They pinned me to the ground using their dense cold bodies weighing down on me. I squirmed to break free of this massive ton holding me down but there was only one way I could get them all off me still keeping in mind that some of the attackers were my human cheerleading teammates consumed by the hounds. 
I surged all the energy I had left in me that wasn’t already being put to use to shielding my limbs from beings crushed, waiting for exactly the right moment when I felt it exceeded its charge as it gathered inside my chest repulsing a massive surge causing a shock wave of telekinetic energy sending them flying scattering my attackers several yards away. The vampires remaining immediately regained their balance heading right back for me, while I caught a glimpse of the teammates that got slammed into different areas of the rooftop. 
I had to admit I was struggling but managing to keep up with the highly skilled combatant when I lucked out. Slicing the throat of the female super speedster vampire with my sliver crest dagger that I held in perfect form, jamming it right through the undead flesh, but that wasn’t enough. I flipped around her over her head as I grabbed onto her shoulders while mid air, twisting her torso splitting her in half, literally. I launched the upper half of her torso at the remaining vamps in shock watching the disassembled torso slowly disperse into flickering ash and dust. Huffing and puffing, I knew this had to end soon, but it was not going to be easy, for these last vamps standing were gifted with more than just their typical vampire strength. 
A slender male took flight snagging me in the process as we headed into the night sky filled with dark clouds as he pummeled my body into the side of the nearest building, slamming into the wall as we glided upwards knocking me into several stone hinges on the way up, until I twisted the both of us by surprise placing the vampire in just the right spot as he slammed hard into the stone cracking over his head we reach the top of this roof. Flipping us back in the other direction, I pushed through my feet now without the use of my wand boosting us at a quick velocity horizontally across the rooftop heading back to the arena rooftop. As we soared our way spiraling down towards the cement rooftop, I placed my two feet onto his chest as he fought with every ounce of his strength along the planting all my weight into my legs as we crashed down hard onto the concrete pavement, puncturing his chest once we landed, hearing the sound of his undead heart and lungs crack and break on impact. Scanning the rooftop taking in the scenario at this point, it was down to just me and good old Vlad standing cockily as if he didn’t witness some of his finer combatants meet their final deaths.
Bolts of lighting and clashes of thunder filled the cloudy gray sky, as rain began pouring even harder down on the nearly demolished building from the night’s horrific event. I had to end this, and I came to realization when I heard the thunder, taking a chance of destroying Vlad Tepelus with something I had never tried before. Without a word he charged engaging in full hand to hand combat, giving me ample time to reposition myself in just the right spot. It was difficult to position myself accordingly since the prince also proved to be more than your average vampire had telekinetic abilities, tossing various objects at me distancing us with the distraction. I maneuvered into the spot while deflecting the objects sending them right back. We darted at each other again both persistent in our effort to destroy one another. Once he sent a large chunk of debris that nearly crushed me before tucking and rolling, I knew it was time.
I lifted my left hand as the wand extended into the stormy sky making an instant connection with the mighty weather. My body glowed in its blue aura for a second knocking Vlad back, almost feeling like I had changed into this insanely powerful energy conductor. I had siphoned the essence of the elemental force, harnessing the power of the weather itself. Glaring at my enemy the one who ordered my execution from the beginning of this all, I began conjured massive lightning bolts of electricity connecting with my wand. I could feel the electrical element circling around my vibrant blue electrified pupils. I had never felt anything even remotely comparable to the fantastically intense essence flowing inside me peaking throughout every cell in my body as I absorbed elemental powers. 
“This ends now!” I shouted extending my right palm out at the Vlad Tepelus causing surges of elemental and telekinetic light burst streaming out of my right palm, feeling electricity and ice tingling my fingertips sending continual bolts and surges of the combination of energy and powers hearing the sounds of sizzling burn scorching every inch of his body. I half turned lowering my wand only to point it right back for one final blow. The essence produced a powerful bolt puncturing a whole right through Vlad Tepelus’s chest as he collapsed, slamming down onto the surface of the drenched rooftop. I released my left hand down as the light show ended with a fade as I stood there gasping for air from the intense display of power. Looking around the trashed rooftop, I saw I was surrounded once more, however by my allies all around me as they checked on the unconscious teammates. 
It wasn’t until a few minutes after when I felt my entire face become soaked from the downpour and the touch of Bobby’s cold hands on my shoulders did I finally break from inner turmoil I got caught up in. Refocusing directly in view I saw one vampire’s body still remained intact. I marched up to the undead prick that was sizzling from the burn wounds inflicted. Vlad twitched on the ground still with the whole chest but unlike his fellow vampires, he was dying slowly. Not wanting to risk the possibility of the prince reviving, I yanked out my dagger and pressed it into one of the many wounds from earlier. Ileana gasped at the sight of me piercing myself with the blade as I gathered drops of my blood onto the tip holding it on the wound until I had just enough. As tempted as I was to slice his throat right then and there, I let the drops of my blood slowly drip down onto his face hearing the stinging burn as it touched his flesh. At last, it was over!
Whatever vampires remained to witness to outcome of tonight’s massacre dispersed so quickly fleeing for their lives, and not just because the sun was about to come up. They now know the true nature and wrath of my ability, as their leader, the son of the infamous Vlad Tepes Dracula, lay here fallen in battle against me after another desperate attempt to remove the rumored chosen ones. I was the living proof of the threat to their very existence. They have every reason to flee now and they should run in fear, for their species brought this war! Now they can let all the supernatural creatures like them out there know they can try and tear down the human race, pray on the innocent who cannot defend themselves against the predators that lurk through the night, those that despises mankind and its very existence, and to those they hunt, harm, abuse, terrorize, and murder, humanity will not go down without a fight, not without me there to defend, waging this holy war of the supernatural for humanity. So be warned, this gay Mexican college fraternity cheerleader, the Chosen One will be out there waiting, watching, guarding, and protecting because I am the Acolyte, so bring it! 
Chapter 20 What Happens Next

I sit silently looking outside the window of the fraternity house inside my now packed up room filled with moving boxes, as I reminisce all the good times I had here. It was the end of the semester; school had ended after one of the longest and most morbid school year of my life. Silently, I gazed outside my window, the one I snuck in and out of so many times in my past mischievous way, memories of a different time before my secret supernatural life. Looking back at the box labeled cheer, with my scorched up cheerleading uniformed burned and stained with blood reminding me of how much shit I had went through since the day of my twenty first birthday, the day everything changed, the day ascended into my newfound supernatural abilities. Unfortunately these gifts and abilities came with a dangerous price, witnessing the aftermath of two major attempts on my life leading to bloodshed and massacre. All of it had taken a toll of my emotions, depressed and overwhelmed with guilt feeling responsible for their passing, seeing firsthand how many lives were taken in the process of their devious plans to annihilate me just because I am whatever I am, although I was still clueless to what I really was. 
Whatever this all is, it is much bigger than I ever expected, and I know along this journey to greatness will one day reveal what makes me so damn special, what makes me the Acolyte. The name stuck, even though it reminded me of what I still have to face, another person who from what I can tell is just like me, special, different, and powerful. What’s his deal anyway? Why does he have such animosity and hatred towards me? Why did he side with vampires? Who is the green eyed Faceless Foe? The questions flooded my mind constantly being brought back to the terrors. None of this was easy as is, no matter how many people I did save in the process, the anger and pain of the loss pressed my insides. I never asked for this, well realistically. 
Not that I didn’t mind having the supernatural abilities I have, starting out as a self taught rookie having a large massive underground hall handed to me by the infamous Voice, another unanswered question that would hopefully be answered one day. More importantly, this brought me new allies, new friends, now at my side throughout this journey, guiding and leading me on a righteous path, being trained by two incredibly powerful creatures themselves. I laughed out loud in the empty quite room still imaging what the three of us in looked like doing ridiculous poses and stances. We were going to be an interesting group of heroes. Weird!
However if there was one thing I learned from this was how precious each and every living soul was for life itself was a gift, something that could never take place of power. I acknowledged that this world was much bigger and dangerous place than I even expected, the consequence unfortunately of being a part of this world, thus why my room was now boxed up and ready to go. If I wanted a chance to keep the closest around me safe, then keeping them away from it all was the top priority. It was summertime and I held off on taking any summer sessions so I could at least save up some money having to get my own place nearby, which in reality was probably for the better in many aspects. 
Obviously school wasn’t technically optional for me at this point, decided to continue with my college cheerleading career even after the two traumatic events our team endured this season. I was not surprised to see tryouts posted up shortly after Nationals, even though you would think my coach would have been cut some slack giving us an adequate mourning period for the not forgotten tragedy, so I knew my schedule was already packed minus this one month we get off before start practices for cheer camp, then for football season, and so on, however I would use up that one month of freedom wisely since I’d be shacking up in the Grand Hall. 
I lighted up a freshly hand rolled fatty cig as I sat inside the room, still sitting on the window seal when a strange sound of an unusual type engine cutting off somewhere not too far from Greek row. A part of me wanted to go investigate this matter, but I was on a smoke break, plus it was daytime. I’m sure it’s nothing as I continued daydreaming, when shortly after a knocking at my door turned grabbed my attention, sensing the two minds on the other side of door, concealing their thoughts from me like showoffs. “Come in!” I shouted as the door swung open revealing my two mentors standing there with grins on their faces.
“Hey kid,” Bobby greeted me first.
“How’s packing going?” Pete asked pointing out the obviously already packed up room.
“It’s going.” I responded, not coming up with a witty comeback to his slightly sarcastic tone. “It’s only the afternoon, why the early visit? The sun hasn’t set yet?” We had usually met to closer to nightfall, never here in the fraternity house anymore, unless this was just a friendly visit.
“So kid, we know that you were going to crash in your Grand Hall before the apartment was ready, but…”
“But what Bobby,” I asked irritated by his secretive tone.
“Chill Mexican Merlin,” Bobby joked back.
“Well hey kid, we were thinking about your plans for the summer?” Pete started.
“Plans, did we not go over my plans once I got my cheer schedule?”
“We did,” Bobby interjected, “and about that.”
“That’s not a really up to me now is it, you’ve all met my coach. The women had tryouts so close to the National Cheerleading Championship Massacre that it felt almost wrong already back in the practice gymnasium so soon, when nearly half the team almost met death at one point or another, however they all managed to survive the horrific tragedy with only minor injuries amazes me. Now everyone thinks our team is cursed.”
“You guys are not cursed, and the show must go on right,” Bobby stated nicely before shrugging off my sorrow tone. “Well anyways, back to your summer plans. Now I know you want to go crawl up in ball once you move out of here and hide in the fabulous Grand Hall, but there has been a change in plans.”
“What the hell do you mean a change in plans?” Where the hell were the going with this. I paused for a second once again trying to pick up from their minds what they were up to, but once again blocked, however I noticed that it wasn’t their usual elemental mental shield block my telepathy, but someone entirely else. “What are you two up to?”
“Well, we decided that you need a vacation, of sorts”. Pete stated cutting off at the last part.
“Vacation, are you crazy? That woman scares the shit out of me and would fucking kill you if I didn’t go to cheer camp, and you’re made of metal yo!”
“Hey, yo, we took care of that,” Bobby interjected.
“What do you mean you took care of that, I have cheer practice Bobby” informing him in a dire tone as if the world would end if I missed cheerleading practice, in this case, it could be. If my coach knew what I was capable of, she would through much more larger objects than shoes at me during practice.
“Like I said, we took care of that,” Bobby confirmed once more.
“First of all, tell me what you two are up to?”
“We’re taking you with us! No questions asked or I will carry you out of here myself,” Pete scolded in a cocky tone as he grinned at me, “Although you might enjoy that too much!” Suddenly a book I left on the shelf near close by zoomed and smacked Pete’s head on contact.
“Look, no hands!” I exclaimed just to be a dick. “Now, what the hell is going on?”
“Like we said, we’re taking you with us.” Bobby announced once more as I noticed Pete starting to grab some of boxes marked important.
“Taking me where?”
“You wanted to know where we came from, remember?” He asked rhetorically.
“Yes, but I can’t just up and leave” I started to say, knowing that was a white lie, since I did have some down time. “Plus cheer practices start up in a month.”
“We took care of that,” the shouted in sync.
“How,” I inquired skeptically.
“Let’s just say you aren’t the only person we know with the power of persuasion. We knew you wouldn’t do it yourself if we asked first, so we just took it upon ourselves to make all the arrangements for you. We promised your coach we would return you two weeks before cheer camp so you won’t miss much.”
“Two weeks!” In cheer time that was cutting it, especially if I wanted to be in the main stunt sequences for cheer camp. College cheer camp was nothing like high school, so missing it would be devastating to the team, and the other cheerleaders I knew that all partied after our not so cheesy hardcore but fun collegiate level three day training camp, that you trained for months in advance.
“She thinks you will be attending a special program that is necessary for your program,” total bullshit lies, “and the Assistant Athletic Director signed off on it.”
“How convenient, your buddy that you still won’t tell me where you know him from happens to sign off on this.”
“I think he likes you.” Pete muttered as he started walking out with my bags in hand, “and you did save his life twice.”
“You mean him and his lover,” I corrected him as he walked out ignoring me.
“Professor Robert Drake, I demand to know where the hell you are taking me.” He looked at me as he reached out for the almost finished cig I still had in my hand, taking a puff before answering me.
“Good, you need to be relaxed for the trip home.”
“Home,” I asked confused now.
“Yeah, grab your things and let’s go,” he commanded as he grabbed some boxes as well, as I scrambled to grab the last of my belongings that were being dragged out of here against my will, sort of. If I recalled from my secret ongoing background check on these two, I knew the word home could only mean one thing.
“Wait a minute, how in the hell are we going to get there? My car can’t fit all this stuff.” I followed behind the speechless frozen friend grinning the whole way out as we had headed out the door, passing the empty living room right to the front of the fraternity house. 
I turned around and paused in my footsteps, turning back on the good old house, quite for once since most of the live-ins moved out for the summertime. I was going to miss this place, as much as I was looking forward to living alone in my own place, however it looks like my original plans were changing as we speak. I noticed we passed the walkway into the school when I noticed that we were coming up the parking lot on this side of the campus, expecting they had some sort of rental car only to discover a means of transportation that will get us to our destination in no time, wherever the hell these douches are taking me. My jaw drops at the sight of what was in front of me, holy shit! 
“You coming?” he asked this time as if I had a choice, I stared at Bobby intently for a minute, wanting to drill the answers out of his head with his lack of words, but instead I nodded with a huge grin on face.
“One question, how did you convince my coach to let me miss practices?”
“You aren’t the only one with gifts you know,” said a voice, not the infamous Voice of the Grand Hall, a telepathic voice calling as we headed towards our path of our destiny.


The End
Epilogue

The Night of the National College Cheerleading Championship Massacre
Minutes before dawn on the rooftop

This could not have gone better than I expected, and quite the show I must say. Even though it irritated me inside that the Chosen One and his friends demonstrated more some impressive skills. Just another obstacle to deal with at a later time, but for now I will reap in the pleasure of my vengeance against these disgusting mongrels, using my knowledge and insides to persuade their government leaders with the aid of my only vampire ally, Mordechi. We both knew Vlad Tepelus would fall by the hands of the Mighty Acolyte. I give myself credit for that one for if he only knew how truly similar we really are. I stalked down the rooftop of the arena shortly after watching the coast was clear, seeing the unconscious bodies of his teammates lying there, the vampire’s idea of course. Speaking of the devil, to my surprise he still remains, like I had hoped for, my blue eyed friend frying him to a crisp. Impressive, he even ripped right through his chest. Yet somehow he still twitched from the pain as I stood over him looking at the burning scars left by the Acolyte’s blood. 
“Boy, save me,” pleaded the Vlad Tepelus, asking already way too much of me when he knows all too well how much I despised them this entire time, hating them for what they did to me.
“Save you, now why would I do that? I have already defeated you.”
“He defeated us boy, not you.”
“Sure he did” I smirked back. “Well it is most unfortunate that you don’t get to meet the sun for your final act, as you see, I need these!” I shouted as I reached my hands out pulling both of his fangs out with telekinetic ability, hearing the ripping flesh as the fangs rip out of the mouth of the nearly dead vampire prince. “Your serves will no longer be required, for I’ve found the vampire race a new leader, well now that I have these!” I stood there in front of him pathetically trying to out a scream of anger before I cut my finger with a small knife pouring several drops of blood hearing the sizzling sound of his final death. “Now the real fun begins, chosen one, the Acolyte of the human race, be ready, for our fight had only just begun, for I will make you suffer just as I did, and all because of you!”

The Acolyte will return in…

The Order of the Acolyte
Sins of Generations Past
Biography of Joshua Pinon

A gay young man in his thirties born in Los Angeles, CA and raised in Redlands, CA, now a resident of Northridge, CA. During his senior year of high school he became a cheerleader leading him to attend Cal State Northridge where he continued perusing his passion for cheerleading as well as joining a prestige fraternity on campus. At nineteen, he pursued a career as cheerleading coach at the high school level for eight years working with various high schools in the San Fernando Valley Area throughout the years. Meanwhile this entire time he also maintained a part time job as a clerk at a local community pharmacy, becoming a full time employee after my eight years of coaching. Shortly after he enrolled in classes quickly becoming a national certified and state licensed pharmacy technician now employed for thirteen years still working to this very day. However, after finding himself still ambitious to explore his horizon, he was reminded of a hidden passion, writing a fictional superhero novel. One day he woke up and told himself he did not want to look back at these years down the road and only say he merely worked for a living, that sparked the initiative inside to open his laptop and began writing, starting at the beginning of the year. Seven months he is ready to self publish for free as an amateur fictional superhero novel writer, The Acolyte Dawn of a New Hero, as well as already having the rough draft for the Order of the Acolyte Sins of Generations Past, the second installment of this soon to be novel book series.
