


Please picture me in the trees
I hit my peak at seven
Feet in the swing over the creek
I was too scared to jump in
But I, I was high in the sky
With Pennsylvania under me
Are there still beautiful things?
“SEVEN”
TAYLOR SWIFT



Beware the bottled thoughts of angry young men
Secret compartments hide all of the skeletons 
Little girl wants to make her home with him
In the middle of the shore, she wonders
“NIGHTMARES BY THE SEA” 
JEFF BUCKLEY
Ghost Popcorn Road
MAY 25TH, 1997
“Fuck it, let’s get Roadside.” Dayne’s bratty southern accent made every suggestion sound exciting, even a tiny burger joint in Chase’s Landing. The wind shuffled her long pink hair around like an invisible hand as they walked along.
“What’s Roadside?” Maggie wondered, taking her eyes off the dark road to look at Dayne. For a second, Dayne had that focused look she got whenever she was about to sing. Her green eyes were peeled to the road ahead where the tiny glow of the Roadside Burgers sign should be visible. She tucked some pink hair behind her ears so her sharp cheekbones were on display and sulked a bit when she didn’t see the burning sign. Were they closed? 
Maggie wondered when Dayne – or if Dayne – was going to kiss her. All night, she kept feeling like it was going to happen. Maybe it just had to be the right moment, like every kiss that ever took place. If it did happen, it would be Maggie’s first kiss. 
Maggie waved a mosquito away as they headed up Ghost Popcorn Road. It was a dark narrow road that ran right along the beach. Chase’s Landing was a sleepy town in Indiana, not far from Lake Maxinkuckee. Lake houses were scattered about, but Chase’s Landing was its own little world, with a cozy coffee shop, an old but charming motel and other favorite spots among locals and tourists. 
It was midnight and humid as Maggie, Dayne and Tyler wandered around, drunk on champagne and wildly curious about each other. They had a sparkle in their eyes as sure as they had sweat on their backs. 
Maggie looked to her right at the woods. Blackbird Forest looked like a giant  black smoke plume rising from the ground. She looked at the beach. It was almost too dark to see. 
“It’s this burger place with these fucking amazing burgers,” Dayne enthusiastically described the food from Roadside Burgers. “Big thick patties and the juice just runs down your chin like this,” she moved her hand along her tiny chin to demonstrate grease pouring over it. Maggie’s mouth watered until Tyler gave his gross description. 
“Like my semen when I come in your face,” he joked, laughing to show his small white teeth in the glare of the moonlight. Dayne gave him an impressive push and his scrawny body went flying up the road. All night they’d been having little tiffs with each other. 
Then Maggie felt Dayne take her hand. The move was subtle and yet it changed everything. Dayne’s hand was warm. She had long slim fingers. Maggie slowly locked her hand around it and her heartbeat sped up. She pressed her lips together in an attempt to cap the stupid grin on her face. Finally, affection, finally a page in her life was turning. She remained quiet and bashful but inside she was screaming louder than she would be if she were at a Pearl Jam concert. This was it, the moment she’d been waiting for. The reason why she begged her mom to let her stay the night. She just knew something would happen – something big. 
Maybe next Dayne would kiss her. 
“Boys,” Dayne sighed, scowling at Tyler. In that precise moment she seemed like she hated him. She was still holding Maggie’s hand. The hand of the person who had not disappointed her in any way.
Maggie blushed at the entire eventful night, and it was only starting. Her virgin brain nearly exploded when Tyler said the dirty thing that he said.
She and Dayne glanced at one another. It almost happened again, but didn’t. A moment when it felt like Dayne might crash down on Maggie but then she shyly drew away again, like the waves at the beach.
Inside, Maggie sighed. Her virgin lips were dying to touch Dayne’s. The way she looked at Maggie, like she would do anything Maggie wanted and all Maggie had to do was give her a signal, if Maggie could only work up the courage to give one. 
All of the sudden Dayne let go of Maggie’s hand as she sprinted towards her aunt’s house. Her wild pink hair flew around in the muggy night air. 
“Come on!” she called for them to follow her.

MAY 25TH, 2007 
Maggie looked up from the plush velvet grey sofa. The piano version of Evanescence’s Bring Me To Life slowly bled its way back into her world as she stood in the middle of the upscale furniture store. Why had she suddenly thought about that night? Why? She hadn’t thought about Dayne in years. 
Well, that wasn’t exactly true. There had been moments when she was suddenly struck by memories from that sweet but tragic night. She always had to work to bring herself up out of it or else she felt like she’d drown. Sometimes that promiscuous girl crept back into Maggie’s mind so vividly it was as if she was standing right in front of her. Impossible. Impossible because she was dead.
But just as it was impossible for Dayne to reappear, it was impossible to forget her. Those bee-stung lips turning up a smirk that always seemed mischievous, that long wild pink hair, those endless tanned legs. Dayne inhabited the very essence of that punk rock summer of 1997. Then she faded away like a pink sunset falling into a night sky and whatever mundane thing occurring in Maggie’s life at that moment took over. Like sofa shopping, which she had been looking forward to but suddenly found depressing. Maybe because she and her husband Tyler  couldn’t agree on a couch. Maggie wanted the Rain Grey sofa but Tyler wanted the Glacier Grey, which was only a slightly darker grey. 
Lounge III was an upscale furniture store on Michigan Avenue. Maggie felt accomplished by just being able to walk in there and contemplate. She did well for a 28 year-old (she was a literary agent at a successful publishing agency) and Tyler did okay for, well, Tyler. Meaning he now wore clean clothes and no longer broke the law. 
The store was spacious, with fancy artwork on display that was for sale (like the oil painting of the Paris street scene) and one of the woods in autumn. But she didn’t like the painting of the woods. Maggie hated the woods. 
Maggie looked back at the couch. It would look so nice in their living room. It would add a touch of sophistication. Between Tyler’s Motocross magazines scattered about and her rock posters, it needed something else – something clean and classy. 
Tyler grew defensive as Maggie kept touching the Rain Grey sofa, stating how soft it was. He looked down at the fancy coffee mug he was holding because he was considering buying it until he felt dumb about the entire thing and put it back on the shelf so angrily that it made a thud and the sales girl looked over at him. There was a time in his life where he didn’t need anything at all.
“Fine, get the Rain Grey,” he told Maggie, slipping his hands in his pockets and giving a passive shrug. So they got the Rain Grey. 


When the news hit that night, there wasn’t a whole lot going on in the world. May 25th, 2007 was not a very eventful day in history. It was a Wednesday. Drab. The middle of the workweek. People pushing through. 
For now, all was calm. Even the weather was boring. Maggie didn’t know why she was still up. Nothing was on TV so she had the evening news on. She relaxed on her new Rain Grey sofa, which was still causing moody silence from Tyler.
She was waiting for him to go to bed so she could sneak in a glass of wine. Wine helped her sleep. It helped her breathe. He messed around in the kitchen for a minute before going upstairs to their bedroom. At last, she thought, but she fought the urge to get up right away in case he forgot something and came back downstairs. 
A few minutes later, once she deemed it safe, she got up and went into the kitchen and poured a glass of Epiphany into a brand new wine glass (another purchase from Lounge III) and went into the living room to catch the rest of the evening news. Maybe she’d watch a bit of late night TV too. 
Lakeview Exposé was a hideous news operation. It aired from ten pm until ten-thirty. It was based out of Chicago and covered “the latest in everything-Chicago” including music (especially music), weather and any late breaking news. It tried to fit in way too much information in just half an hour. For some reason, Maggie still found it addictive. Her other favorite shows were Dateline and The Sopranos. 
Maggie sat down on the couch as the cheesy saxophone music started and then the intro: “You’re watching Lakeview Expose! The latest in everything-Chicago!” Then a big gold saxophone floated in the night sky against the Chicago skyline. 
Maggie relaxed, sipped her wine. The couch really was worth the money, she realized as she sank into its plush velvet cushions. Grey velvet, soft as rain, just like the description read. And it was brand new – no crumbs between the cushions, no stains. No flaws whatsoever. Just like a clean rain.
She glanced over her shoulder to make sure Tyler wasn’t watching, lingering there on the imperial staircase with that ‘I caught you’ gleam in his black eyes. Angry at her for not listening but thrilled he had an excuse to get violent. He could finally take out his aggression over the couch with added fury because she was drinking when she promised him she’d quit.
But he’d already gone to bed. He never said good night. He never said hello either. Or good morning. When he entered the kitchen in the morning and she was already there, he’d just start talking about something random instead (a show he was watching, or what color they should finish painting the kitchen) as if they were in the middle of a conversation about it.
Maggie sipped her wine. Epiphany was a chewy pinot with hints of blackberry and tobacco. She thought about tomorrow and work and random things, when she heard the shiny new female reporter on Lakeview Exposé interrupt the music segment to bring a breaking news story out of a small beach town in Indiana called Chase’s Landing. The reporter was standing on Ghost Popcorn Road. The road had a real name, a normal one, Franklin Cove. But no one called it that ever since teenagers gave it the nickname Ghost Popcorn Road and it just stuck. The street ran along the shore, flat and unassuming. Along it were the same businesses that had been there for at least a decade: Blackbird Cafe, The Hut Motel and Roadside Burgers, all slightly weather-beaten and forever-charming. 
“The human remains of a missing girl were found earlier today when a jogger was out with his dog,” the reporter began her grim story. “The remains were found in the woods up the road, near the abandoned waterpark.” Maggie knew that park. The one with the giant slides dipping into bone-dry holes that used to be swimming pools. 
The reporter pointed to the dense Blackbird Forest across the road from the beach. It went on for miles, wrapping around the abandoned waterpark that hadn’t seen joy or water (except for the rain) since the mid-80s. The forest had a long history of ghost stories and other spooky urban legends. So did the park actually. So did the whole town. 
“The girl was last seen going into the forest. This morning, a man out walking his dog said his dog started digging around behind a slide in the old waterpark. That was when he saw what looked like human remains and called the cops.”
They skipped to a guy with beads of sweat on his forehead. It was daylight. He was in sweatpants and a jacket. He had blonde hair cut military style. He moved his arm in the general direction of the creepy waterpark, Big Wave. “I was just out, you know, it was just another normal day and Lionel, my dog, just starts digging frantically. And he never does that so I knew something was wrong.”
The news switched back to the reporter standing on the dark quiet street. The beach could only be spotted behind her when the waves rolled in and turned white. They looked like lines of static cutting across the screen. 
“The remains have been identified as Dayne Nichols,” she said. Maggie felt like she’d been punched in the chest. “The teenage girl who disappeared sometime after midnight on May 25th, 1997, exactly ten years ago.”
Maggie felt ill.
“Earlier that night, she’d been hanging out with friends at Blackbird Cafe.” The reporter pointed to Blackbird Cafe. But it was invisible at night because it was made of wood that was blackened and sealed with recycled tractor oil. Even in the daytime, the cafe was so dark it looked like a puff of black smoke. 
“The cafe was having an open mic night. Dayne performed and left with some friends. The next morning she was reported missing.”
Maggie’s mouth opened to scream but nothing came out. Blackbird Cafe was where she first met Tyler. Where she, Tyler and Dayne got drunk on champagne and went skinny-dipping. They were the friends the reporter spoke of. It was possible that Dayne’s killer was watching them while they played around in the water. 
The reporter wrapped up the breaking news story with one more bit of heartbreaking information. 
“Dayne disappeared just two weeks before her eighteenth birthday.” 
Maggie’s mouth was open to scream again – scream for Tyler – scream for anyone – but all she could do was sit there, frozen. The weather segment began. Then a late-night talk show came on. But the news just kept running through her head. The remains have been identified as Dayne Nichols, the teenage girl who disappeared the night of May 25th, 1997, exactly ten years.
“TYLER!” Maggie finally screamed. It felt so good. She felt like it might save her. Save her from whoever took Dayne, because ever since that awful night she always felt like they’d come back for them too. 
“TYLER!!!” she screamed again. He didn’t come running down the stairs. He probably just thought she’d seen a spider. Or he was playing his video game and couldn’t hear because he had his earbuds in. 
She stood up, meaning to scream his name again, but she only said it in a desperate sob. “Tyler…”


When Tyler Taboada finally came down the steps, it was too late for Maggie to hide the wine. She froze with her hand around the stem. 
“I’m sorry,” she said, “But...the news…”
“Put the wine down, come to bed.” Tyler’s voice was incredibly calm, as if all the bad things in the world were simply fiction. She didn’t need to get so emotional.
He just didn’t know. There was no way he could have known and still been so calm.
“Did you see…” Maggie pointed to the TV. Then she tried to compose herself. She knew he could go from zero to a hundred in no time if she didn’t do what he said. 
She put the wine down on the coffee table and felt him still watching her. He waited, not satisfied. She went into the kitchen, dumped the wine down the sink and washed out the glass. Maybe that would satisfy him. 
She placed the glass upside down on the clean hand towel spread out on the counter and turned to apologize again but he’d already gone back upstairs. She tried to stay calm and not think about it – not think about who killed Dayne. But it was impossible. All these questions kept popping up. Was it someone they saw that night? Someone at the cafe? Someone they knew? Rockford Normandy? Dayne’s creep of a father? Some weirdo at the cafe? There were so many people out that night.
Her head was spinning. No. No was the shortest word in the universe but it felt so big right then as she tried to push it against everything, stop it from happening all over again. That summer when she became a curious girl, when she started to grow apart from her mother. When Dayne entered her world so suddenly and ferociously. 
She reached for the banister as she walked up to the shadowy part of the staircase. Darkness hung there like a piece of nighttime. She tried to catch her breath. Her heart was pounding. No.
She stood in the doorway of their bedroom, feeling nauseous all of the sudden. Her imagination was running wild, beyond her control, racing like the cars on Tyler’s computer screen as he played one of his boyish video games. The flashy neon-colored cars went around and around in circles. Tyler had those damned earbuds in his ears and his hair – which was growing out into some strange mullet from shaving his head last year – covered the wires in messy brown strands. Then his black eyes shot up at her and he looked angry and her stomach tightened and she rushed to the bathroom to throw up. 
Lionel, my dog, just starts digging frantically. And he never does that so I knew something was wrong.
She threw up some more. What could she even have in her to deposit? She rarely ate today.
“Whoa,” Tyler said, standing over her and reaching for her hair to hold it back. “You okay?” 
She slowly straightened up and reached for a towel and dabbed her chin with it. Tyler leaned against the storage cabinet. His slender frame barely took up any space.
“My head’s spinning,” Maggie said. She almost fell into him when he caught her effortlessly. He wrapped his arms around her. He smelled like he always did, like nicorette gum and laundry detergent, which was basically like fresh rain and black pepper.
“Are you pregnant?” he asked, sounding afraid. So that was what scared him – the prospect of a new life. They decided a while back to never have kids. Not in this messed up world – not in a world where someone could disappear just like that. But lately Maggie was starting to feel her desire to nurture. Every time she watched a show and there was a little baby in a scene, she wanted to reach through the TV and hold it. 
“No….” she kept sobbing. He held her tighter. “They found her,” she managed to say. “Dayne.”
He was still holding her but she felt him suddenly tense up. He stood back and looked at her, running his hand along her face, eventually tracing his thumb along her lips. When she first met him, she found it hard to look in his eyes. They were so dark, so intense. 
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“It was on the news just now – they found her body...like...not even far from where...” Maggie started crying again. She was mortified just like she was when the morning light shined on the truth. When she woke up in that beach house hungover and Dayne wasn’t there. She was gone. She wasn’t coming back. And the long hours that dragged by until night fell and volunteers combed the woods and the police watercraft shined their lights on the water but she didn’t turn up and the sun came up again and went back down and came back up for the next ten years and still there had been no sign. Her relatives moved away. People just seemed to sweep it under the rug.
Tyler wrapped her in his arms again.
“It’s going to be okay, we always thought this day might come. We talked about it, remember?”
They had. But talking about something rarely changed anything.
“I can’t do this again,” Maggie sighed helplessly against his chest. He held her tight. It had been a long time since he’d shown her any affection. She started crying and once she did, she couldn’t stop. There seemed to be an endless well of tears inside of her. It wasn’t just the awful news, it was the fights between her and Tyler lately, the feeling that their marriage was doomed. Her being afraid that he was bored – he’d always been a free spirit, a drifter. He didn’t want a child, he wanted a motorcycle. He’d sold his old one a couple years after they got married. She could see it in his eyes, he missed his old self. Marriage wasn’t that exciting. He wasn’t exactly husband material. 
Maybe she was crying a little too hard to get more physical comfort, too.
“Hey, hey,” he pushed her hair out of her face and kissed her on the head. “Try and not think about it, let’s go to bed.” Why was he always so cool about everything? Like he was just always standing in line for a rock show? This was their friend. Where was the emotional reaction?
He gave her another hug and the night attempted to slip back into what it was before she saw the news, back into some type of normalcy. Rain-grey furniture and quiet okayness. 
“How am I supposed to do that?” Maggie wondered. “Not think about it?”
“By going to bed.” His arms suddenly dropped to his sides. The affection was over. “And brush your teeth, Puke Breath,” he joked, cracking a smile and thinking he’d make her laugh. But nothing could make her laugh that night or possibly ever again. 


Tyler went right back to his video game. He had his earbuds in his ears again and became the green car, speeding around the race tracks, just going in circles faster and faster. He had this look in his eye – ferocious, determined.
How could he do that? Just go back to his stupid game? Maybe it was his way of dealing with it. Some sense of control. She watched the cars swerve around the race track and the number on the bottom of the screen increased. 
“Are you the green car?” Maggie asked, trying to connect with him on some level. She was lying in bed next to him. She wanted sleep but it felt far away, like some foreign country. 
Tyler couldn’t hear her. There had been many days when she tried to talk to him and he had those stupid things in his ears and never responded and her question seemed to echo loudly, pointing out how sad it all was – he was more interested in those games than her. 
She watched as the green car suddenly ran off the track and flipped over several times before it caught on fire and the words DRIVER DEAD flashed across the screen.
“FUCK!” Tyler hurled his laptop across the room in a sudden temper tantrum. The earbuds went flying too. For a second Maggie envisioned him turning to her and choking her. Killing her. Like he did Dayne. 
No, you stop it. Tyler didn’t kill her.
But he did leave that night to go look for her...
She shut her eyes. She just needed sleep. Tomorrow was a new day. She could start all over again.
After a minute, she heard the familiar sound of a yellow square of nicorette gum being popped out of its blister. Those didn’t help – they gave him an intense rush of adrenaline. He even admitted being more addicted to them than he ever was to smoking. And he could take them all day and night but yet she wasn’t supposed to have a single glass of wine.
Now she envisioned herself turning to him like the little girl in The Exorcist and saying in a demonic voice, “Fuck you!” 
But that wasn’t Maggie. Maggie was polite. Apologetic. 
She shut her eyes and prayed for sleep. She felt the mattress move a few minutes later as Tyler got up, followed by rustling sounds as he collected a few things to take downstairs. 
“Want the light off?” he asked, standing by the door. 
“Yes,” Maggie said, keeping her eyes closed. The dark wouldn’t make it all go away, but it might help her sleep. 


Chase’s Landing was about three hours from Chicago. Some liked to claim it was Indiana’s best kept secret. But the more it was in the news (for bad things) the more it became like some troubled celebrity in the midst of a downward spiral. 
The town’s main street was Franklin Cove better known as Ghost Popcorn Road. The flat asphalt road smelled like popcorn. Some suspected it was because an old man used to wheel a popcorn cart around a few years ago yelling, “Bag of popcorn! One dollar!” to anyone who cared, and the seagulls would land in anticipation to eat whatever someone dropped. The salty popcorn smell stuck around long after the seagulls scooped up all the pieces. So teenagers started calling it that and it just stuck. The same teenagers that walked up and down the road at night and started fires on the beach and told ghost stories. The same teenagers that did all they could to give Chase’s Landing a bad rep. It was a cursed beach, etc. 
But maybe they were onto something.
Ghost Popcorn Road ran right along the beach in one long trusty stretch. There were no unexpected serpentine curves or twists until you came to Wasath Road. It was actually nice if you didn’t buy into all the folklore. The Hut Motel, which opened in 1965, was a nice charming beachfront motel along the road. The motel attracted drifters and young twenty-somethings just looking to party, and every once in a while a family on a budget looking for an affordable vacation. Every so often you heard the rev of a motorcycle in the parking lot or a young tragic couple having a crazy fight in one of the rooms. The motel’s billboard sign, all rusty by now, had an image of a teepee hut and the message in fading blue letters, We welcome everyone! And it certainly did. Kathy Smith knew that, because her coffee shop was right next door. 
Then there was a boat and tube rental place a couple miles up the road, and a burger joint called Roadside Burgers. Recently a seafood joint opened too, The Funky Lobster. It was a few miles up near the creepy abandoned waterpark, Big Wave. In the middle of it all were some houses that began as a project back in 1997. It was going to be a beachfront community called Paradise Cove. It was an ambitious project a construction crew known as Millford & Sons started before they ran out of money. Then the weather had its way with the houses and now they were abandoned. Just giant empty houses never lived in, never loved. Never anything. Another thing the teenagers would say represented the fact that the beach was cursed.
The seafood restaurant, The Funky Lobster, was the business that was thriving the most. People who lived in other parts of Indiana and even Chicago actually drove to the bedeviled beach just to eat there. It was obnoxious, with a showy billboard of a dancing lobster facing the road, and a huge deck with outdoor seating. At night music blared – usually Billy Joel or Rolling Stones – from the outdoor speakers. The crowd could get quite loud too. But the restaurant was so far out of the way of residents and businesses that it didn’t matter the revelry.  
Joe was the poor sap who got paid by the restaurant to stand on the side of Ghost Popcorn Road in a lobster costume, waving at passerby with a giant fake claw, trying to bring in even more business and stealing customers away from Roadside Burgers. In a small struggling town like this, the two restaurants were practically at war with each other.
Kathy Smith knew all the town’s gossip and tension because she’d lived there since she graduated high school and settled in the town with her husband Phil. Those teenagers didn’t just say the beach was cursed without reason. Back in 1976, a family disappeared after going into Blackbird Forest, and now there was Dayne Nichols, the free-spirited teenager-turned-murder victim.
She stood in her dimly-lit kitchen at the crack of dawn, as another day in the cursed beach slowly began. 
“You want this?” her husband Phil asked in his weary morning voice as he placed the local paper, The Shore and More, on their kitchen table. Kathy glanced at it. She knew what was inside – the gory details of that girl’s murder. The girl who sang at her cafe that night ten years ago and wowed everyone.
“No,” she said. “I can’t bear it.” 
“Okay.” Phil understood. He never met Dayne, but people spoke of her like a local celebrity – or someone who could have been. She could have been anything but someone took that from her.
Kathy lifted the coffee pot up and poured black coffee into two big mugs and placed them down on the table. She tried to avoid looking at the paper. Kathy felt responsible for Dayne going missing. What if her killer saw her sing? All were invited. Kooks, freaks, drifters. Thanks to her Aunt June passing out flyers all over Indiana, even more people showed up than Kathy intended.
“You weren’t there,” Kathy said drearily, pulling a chair out and sitting down at the charming round kitchen table. The table was covered with a tablecloth with bright yellow flowers on it. Even on a morning like this, it cheered her up a bit. 
“She had a voice,” Kathy went on as she lifted the coffee mug to her face and smelled the caffeine. “Boy, she had a presence.” Kathy shook her head as she recalled that night – the big timeless voice that shot out of a skinny punk rock girl who looked like she was just going to scream and rant. 
“Yeah,” Phil groaned. “It’s a terrible thing. Hopefully they find the creep.”
Kathy doubted it. “Cops might find him, if he’s a doughnut,” she joked. Phil laughed. 
Kathy eyed the paper. “I do want to see my horoscope,” she said, on second thought. She reluctantly took the paper and stuck it in her bag. 
It was already 5:45 am. The sky was a navy blue and a few birds were starting to chirp.
“We should get going soon,” Phil said.
“Oh I haven’t even made breakfast,” Kathy fussed.
“I’ll be alright,” Phil said. He stood up from the chair and the old wooden floor creaked beneath him. 
“What will you eat?”
“I’ll have an early lunch,” Phil said, leaning down to kiss his wife on the top of her head before shuffling off to finish getting ready. 


Kathy kept glancing down at The Shore and More poking out of her bag. It was folded in half so Dayne’s yearbook picture was showing. In the photo, she had long blonde hair and that strange crooked smile. It made her look sweet and mischievous all at once. 
Kathy moved the bag around with her feet until Dayne was no longer looking up at her. Right at that very second they drove by the woods – the exact spot where she’d ran into them that night. 
Kathy held her breath and waited until they turned on Ghost Popcorn Road and she could see the beach. It was a relief to see. The sky was brightening up. 
“Oh it’s so beautiful,” she raved. “It doesn’t matter how many bad things happen in the world, the beach will always be beautiful.”
“Yup,” Phil agreed. Then they passed The Hut. The motel’s roof was rusty from decades of rain. There were only three cars in the parking lot. Just a few steps away was Blackbird Cafe. 
After Phil parked, he gave Kathy the same look he did on their first date and kissed her the same way too. He waited until she was safely inside the coffee shop before he headed to work. 
Kathy turned on all the lights and started the first round of coffee. She arranged the baked goods in the display case. She took the chairs down from the tables and flipped the sign on the door to OPEN. Dawn was turning into a full, bright morning.  The weather was exactly the same as it was the day Dayne vanished. And in fact, so was the date. A chill ran through her. Just don’t think about it, you’ve got this place to keep you busy.
Kathy grabbed the broom and started sweeping sand off the front porch. It was a pointless chore because it came right back. She left the door open to welcome in the soft morning air and got the town sheriff’s coffee order ready. His name was Frank. He’d surely be in after the discovery yesterday, wanting to know if Kathy had noticed anything suspicious. Then he’d probably stalk The Hut, keeping an eye on the ne’er-do-wells that lived there from time to time. He preferred dark roast with cream and sugar. She placed a jar of sugar out for him and waited.  
On the morning of May 27th 1997, when everyone was out looking for Dayne and knew by then it was serious (she hadn’t just run off somewhere) the cops came to see Kathy, asking her endless questions about who was around the night Dayne sang. 
She almost said, ‘Well maybe the guy that sang the Neil Young song Down By The River because he was a weirdo,’ but for some reason she held back. She didn’t mention Rocky Normandy either, but he’d become a suspect anyway. He was a troubled kid who made trouble. Plenty of girls claimed he harassed them at school and even kept a knife on him. A loner with black hair. He fit the stereotype.
She dusted the painting hanging in the cafe. It was blood art by June Nichols, Dayne’s aunt. The cops had a field day with that too. “What is this?” “Blood art.” “Blood what?” “Blood art.” “How does one attain blood for the art?” 
Kathy didn’t know the answer to that last question and no one had the guts to ask June. Kathy just gave her laugh and the cops went on with their next question. 
That blood painting of the ocean was the only painting that hadn’t sold. Now it wasn’t for sale. Kathy took the price down, deciding it would hang in the cafe as long as the cafe was open. The disappearance of her beloved niece did a number on June – that and the passing of Jeff Buckley, which happened a few days later – and she’d since moved away. Kathy missed her. June was great; an artist, rough around the edges but a great soul. A lump swelled in Kathy’s throat as she finished dusting the painting.
She took the paper outside with her and sat in the rocking chair on the front porch. More sand had already arrived. She looked out at the beach. It was so beautiful and forgiving. 
She flattened the paper in her lap and gave into curiosity. Dayne Nichols had been stabbed forty-one times. Her dress and underwear were found in the same location her body was found, just a few yards away from one of the old, empty swimming pools. Her dress had been ripped straight down the middle. Her underwear had been torn off too. Someone went at her like an animal. Her clothing items were in a lab now, being combed for DNA, along with the rest of her.
Kathy jumped at the sound of someone walking up to the porch. Then she was relieved to see it was Vince Mars, manager of The Hut Motel. 
“Hey Vince,” Kathy said.
“Good morning,” he greeted her.
“Heh, it’s past noon, how are things over there? Sheriff been by yet?” she asked as she went inside. She knew what Vince wanted – medium coffee, just black. The drink order hadn’t changed in the last twenty years.
“Yes,” he said, following her inside. “Asking me again about that night in 1997, like I can even remember.”
Vince stood there with his hand on his hip. Vince was almost seventy years old. He was skinny as a beanpole. He kept his long white hair in a ponytail. He had on a pair of grey corduroys and a shirt so faded you could barely make out the words on it: Avenged Sevenfold. Vince didn’t even like the band – he might not have even known they were a band. He found shirts in the rooms left behind by guests and wore them. It always made Kathy chuckle.
“What did they ask you?” Kathy inquired as she placed his coffee down. 
“The same old garbage – was anyone there that night that looked suspicious – they all look suspicious!” he raved, tossing his hands around. Vince was a grumpy old man. “I asked him if he ever stayed at a motel before that was twenty bucks a night. If he did, he’d know that.”
Kathy just laughed. Vince had a crush on her; had for twenty years. That didn’t change just like his coffee order didn’t change. There was a light to her eyes. She was curvy, with red hair. Even pushing fifty, she was fun to look at.
“I swear, Kathy,” Vince said, taking his first sip of the coffee. “This is one of those things where the killer’s right under our nose and we don’t even know.” 
Kathy hoped not. That sort of thing scared her, no matter how tough she liked to act. Once the sun went down, the forest seemed to expand, spreading an extra layer of darkness the night couldn’t compete with. Until mid-June, it was all too quiet here.
“Well, at least summer’s almost here,” she said. But what did that mean? Good for business, sure, but it also brought out all the kooks and weirdos. 
Kathy watched Vince go. Then she went back outside. She wanted to be in the sunlight and fresh air. It did smell faintly of popcorn and it wasn’t just a myth. But it wasn’t because of the creepy old man who wheeled around his popcorn cart all day – it was because The Hut made it in the lobby, at least when Vince felt like bothering with it.
She looked down at the paper again, her eyes nervously scampering over the words. 
Dayne had been stabbed in her backside, arms, breasts and torso. 
“We have a body now,” Detective Mard commented when asked about the next steps in solving the case. “And while it’s hard to come to terms with the gruesome details, these remains likely have DNA on them and that will eventually lead to the person or persons responsible for this horrific crime. We got to crack this thing wide open again and we will, and we will find who did this and there will finally be justice and peace.”
Peace. How’d a girl taken so cruelly find peace?
She flipped to the back of the paper to read the horoscopes. She read hers first. 
Virgo: Everything can’t be perfect all of the time, but if you look at your personal life, you’ll realize it’s as good as it gets.
Kathy gave one of her sardonic laughs and moved onto Phil’s.
Pisces: A day of the same old same old will be followed by an exciting evening. Get out there and enjoy yourself!  
Kathy looked up from the paper and out at the seagulls at the beach. The long-billed ones had been coming over lately from Lake Maxinkuckee. That was odd, but it was nice. 
On her lunch break, she went out and fed them chunks of croissants from this morning. There was a celebration of squawks in the sky before they swooped down for the taking. Then she realized the time and hurried back. Phil called right at four, never missing a beat in the last twenty years. It was his time to check in. He worried about her, especially after the latest disturbing news.
“Well, how’s it going?” he checked when she answered.
“Slow. Just gave the lucky birds this morning’s croissants.”
“Heh,” he chuckled. “See any movies?”
“Oh, let me look.” It was Saturday. Every Saturday night they had dinner at The Funky Lobster then they took in a film at Castle Square, the old gothic movie theatre near Big Wave.  
“Uh…” she looked at the listing. 
“And don’t lie, if you see something I might like tell me.”
“Transformers,” she reluctantly informed him. 
Phil suddenly turned into a big ten year old kid.
“Oh! We have too! Please! Please!”
“Alright, just because they’re all crap, nuttin’ I wanna see.”
“Goodie! See ya at seven, sugar plum.” Phil hung up and Kathy’s day relapsed into strange silence.


At seven pm she turned the sign to CLOSED. It had been such a quiet day, especially for a Saturday. Even the couple who came in a few hours ago sat at their table in silence, just staring at their coffee. Either they’d had a fight right before stopping for coffee or they’d been together for so long they had nothing to say to each other anymore. 
But things would pick up. There were only a few days left of May and then summer would come rolling in. The egg of noise would crack. She’d make more money – she may even have to hire extra help. Her summer hours went until ten pm. Phil would come by when he was done with work and hang out with her late at night while she closed. Sometimes he’d sit in the porch swing and sip a glass of wine. Summers were always great. 
She walked to Phil’s truck when Frank finally pulled into the parking lot. No wonder they couldn’t figure out who killed Dayne if the sheriff waited until dusk to start checking up on things. 
Kathy sighed. She wasn’t in the mood for this now. She just endured one of her slowest days of business since she opened the cafe back in 1985 and now she had to go watch a movie about killer robots.
“I don’t have time for this, Frank,” she made loud and clear as he stepped out of his patrol car.
“Oh, just a few things,” Frank replied, pulling his sand-brown trousers over his beer gut. 
“I didn’t see anything suspicious today,” she let him know. “And I told you guys a million times what happened that night in 1997. There were a lot of people out. Everyone was drunk. It was just a loud, hot blur of a night.” And yes, those kids were drinking champagne on the pier, hootin’ and hollerin’ but that’s what kids that age do.
“And I told you,” he said with a slimy grin exposing the fact that he was missing one of his front teeth. “You can’t be serving wine without a liquor license, and I’m just doing the rounds. That’s all.”
“Well the cafe is closed and your John Wayne Gacy ain’t here.” Kathy immediately regretted phrasing it that way. She wanted Dayne’s killer to be found, she was just tired.
“Okay, but John Wayne Gacy was queer. This one likes girls, young ones.”
Kathy walked to Phil’s truck. “Girls?” she asked. “Thought there was just one.”
She saw the darkness in his eyes just then. “Found a girl this morning, twelve, on the beach. No pants. Dead.”
Kathy sat in the truck with the door open, unable to move for a second.
“And you think it’s the same guy?”
“Just a gut feelin’,” Frank said.
“Maybe the gut feelin’ you have is because of those pants that are too tight,” Kathy sassed before shutting the door.


The plastic wrapper around the fresh bouquet of flowers rustled as Phil presented them to Kathy. It was part of their Saturday routine too.
“Thank you,” she said, but couldn’t stomach what that cop just said. And she certainly didn’t feel like eating seafood, but they were already parked at the restaurant and this was what they did every Saturday. She tried not to be a downer. Phil was looking forward to this. 
They got out and Phil held her hand as they approached the door. Big fake fish hung on the wall. All of the TVs were on the National Geographic channel.
“Right this way.” The gracious host led them through the main dining area to the patio. It really was a glorious evening. 
Then the waiter Joe came along. He was tall and rail-thin. Young and cute. He had a nice head of shaggy brown hair and gentle brown eyes. He suffered from a slight outbreak of acne on his chin from wearing that stupid lobster costume head. 
“Hello,” he shyly spoke. It was easy to tell he didn’t love working here.
“Are you new?” Kathy asked. 
“No ma’am,” Joe said. “I just usually work...outside.”
“You’re the lobster kid,” she guessed. 
He cringed. “Yeah.”
“Well I’m Kathy and this is my husband Phil, we come here every Saturday night.”
“I’m the construction man and she’s the cafe lady,” Phil laughed. He wanted to make the young man feel less insecure. But that might never happen.
“I own Blackbird Cafe,” Kathy said with a gleam of pride in her eyes.
“Yes ma’am,” he said, incredibly polite and nervous.
“You can stop with the ma’am business,” she said.
“You seen Transformers yet?” Phil asked.
“No,” Joe said, holding his pen to the notepad to take their order. He was supposed to be able to memorize orders but every time he tried, he screwed up. “Is it good?”
“We don’t know yet,” Phil said. He reminded Joe of a non-violent Tony Soprano. “That’s what we’re seeing tonight.”
“Oh,” Joe smiled. He was not good at small talk or big talk or any in-between talk. “So my name is Joe and I’ll be your waiter tonight, may I get you started with drinks?” Joe couldn’t lose this job, not before he found another one. He felt the manager eyeing him from the bar, where he leaned against it all night long. Joe tried his best even though he didn’t chat the customers up and upsell like Chris did – Chris The Perfect Waiter. That was why Chris never had to spend a second in that gross old lobster costume.
“You sure can, hon,” Kathy said warmly. “And we’ll go ahead and order food too. I’ll get the burger – I don’t trust fish – and a glass of wine, red, whatever you have on the cheap side. And my meat well done.” She smiled and Joe smiled nervously so his mouth drew a crooked line. He looked at Phil who got the same thing except with a beer.
“Fries or salad?” Joe said the line he felt like he’d say for the rest of his life, the tip of his pen just inches from touching the notepad as he looked at Phil. 
“What we look like to you? Salad people?” Kathy joked, hoping he’d crack a smile that wasn’t so timid.
Joe shrugged.
“Fries,” Kathy said. “Thanks.” She watched him walk off and almost collide with a busboy.
“Gee whiz,” Kathy said, sipping her water. “Kid’s nervous.”
“Yeah,” Phil said. “Working here must suck.”
“Heh!”
“Hey, aren’t you gonna hire summer help?” Phil said. 
“I’m not hiring Mr. Shaky Leaf,” she nodded at Joe. “I’ll bring someone in from the city.” 
Their food arrived and they ate and enjoyed each other’s presence and the music playing through the huge outdoor speakers, which at the moment was In the Still of the Night by The Five Satins. Then Kathy looked up as a group of teenagers walked in, flannel shirts tied around their waists. One of the boys had dreadlocks. It was like 1997 all over again.


Tyler Taboada
MAY 14TH, 1997
Dayne turned the page in the guide book and yawned. The sound of tape being ripped from its role occurred from the kitchen for the twentieth time that evening. Her stomach roared from hunger. She turned another page. There was an endless amount of pictures of skyscrapers, famous deep dish pizza and infamous gangsters.
The MTV ident came on and she moved her feet to the music and waited with bated breath to see what video came on. It was Nirvana’s Lithium. She turned it up.
“Turn it down,” her dad snapped, tossing a box of stuff on top of another box of stuff.
She waited until she pushed him to the edge and he came marching in the living room and then she turned it down. He glanced at her, at her long legs and the look of milky illusion in her eyes before going back into the kitchen. Tomorrow they were moving to Chicago and almost everything in the house – from the furniture to the spoons – was being placed in the back of the U-Haul. 
Chicago sounded like the complete opposite of Pinewood, North Carolina. There was no Pinewood Shopping Center with a Record Bar, Rock n Roll Outlet and Olive Garden. That was where she spent her Saturdays with her friends. They always had a plan – rummage through the five-dollar rack at the Rock N Roll Outlet and then go off to Record Bar to spend whatever money they had left before eating at Olive Garden. After that, they’d play their new CDs on the drive back home. Saturdays were the best. Even if there was such a place in Chicago, she couldn’t go there with Tiffany and Louise and laugh about how dumb everyone at school was, or how amazing every single song was on Radiohead’s The Bends CD and she’d never be able to belt out the lyrics to You Oughta Know as they sped down I-40. Tiffany wouldn’t be able to dye Dayne’s hair and braid it for Lollapalooza this summer. Dayne wouldn’t get to see the downtown lights reflected on the water of Pamlico Sound ever again. 
Plus, there was no annual Pumpkin Festival in Chicago like there was here out by Big Mouth Lake. Every October when the leaves turned vibrant colors of red and orange, the town had a huge autumn festival called Pumpkin Festival featuring the biggest plumpest pumpkins Dayne had ever seen. There were hayrides and live music. There were giant wooden barrels filled with candy apples. There were grab bags with candy and plastic spider rings inside. There were pumpkin carving contests. On Halloween, there was a costume contest and the hayride was upgraded to a haunted hayride. Fake cobwebs stretched out between the huge oak trees. There was also a stage for live acts, and Dayne sang every year. 
She didn’t see anything like that in the Chicago tour guide. She didn’t see any thrift stores like the ones she went to with Tiffany. What exactly was the Sears Tower? What did people do there? It just seemed like a very tall building. Did people hang out in backyards in the big city like they did here? Would they want her to come over with her acoustic guitar and play for them like they did here? And how the hell did Daryl afford to rent a condo? Leslie, her mother, must have left Daryl money. She did well as a real estate agent but since she upped and left, it was just Dayne and her dad. Daryl used to manage a restaurant until it went out of business. When Dayne’s mother announced she’d met another man, Daryl decided that moving to Chicago somehow made sense. 
Dayne tossed the tour book down on the coffee table. The cover featured The Sears Tower all aglow at nighttime. Daryl bought it at Barnes & Noble the same day he bought a copy of Wherever You Go, There You Are, a new age-y book about meditation among other things. He’d hoped to learn a thing or two when it came to going through a divorce. 
Dayne picked up the remote control and aimed it at the TV.
“Whatcha doin, Moonbeam?” Daryl asked from the kitchen, in the middle of the sound of tape ripping from its roll again. 
Dayne hated every minute of this – the cozy living conditions being pulled apart and put in cardboard boxes, ugly spots on the wall that paintings once hid. Going to the bathroom to use something she forgot she already packed. Her mom leaving them. Everything somewhere else. Everyone, too. 
Dayne knew what would make her feel better – a cold Dr. Pepper. She’d wait until her dad was done moving things around and grab one from the fridge. Daryl collected another handful of silver spoons and dropped them in the box on top of other ones. It made too much racket. She turned the TV up. 
“Trying to come to terms with this,” she eventually responded, a long sigh slipping out between her sultry lips. Dayne was exotic looking. Striking didn’t begin to describe it. She had razor-sharp cheekbones, and blazing green eyes that reminded everyone of summer. Her lips were naturally pouty, her hair was long, blonde and straight. She was willowy – already six feet tall and she wasn’t even eighteen yet. People compared her to a young Jodie Foster. Her long legs went on forever. Her hip bones jutted out a bit. Her breasts were merely soft mounds that didn’t even require a bra. Every day she wore the same thing – a white slip dress and black Doc Martens with tube socks pulled to her knees. She drew a smiling skull wearing sunglasses on her upper arm to look like the same tattoo Alice in Chains singer Layne Staley had. 
Daryl heard the theme song for Beverly Hills 90210. Not that show, he thought before ripping off the last bit of tape and tearing it with his teeth. He started shuffling through drawers for another roll. The night seemed like it would go on forever. 
It irritated him that she’d been lounging on the couch all day, pouting. He knew she was thinking about him. Tyler Taboada. Wherever the hell that guy came from Daryl hoped and prayed every day that he’d go back. Tyler was the primary reason Daryl was ripping her away from this town. Hopefully Dayne could make new friends in Chicago and date guys her own age and focus on her music. Chicago had a great music scene. Dayne Nichols would fit in great there. And they’d spend the summer at her aunt’s beach house in Indiana. That would be nice. So she needed to stop acting like it was a death sentence.
He walked into the living room, hoping to banish the growing tension between them. Daryl was tall and skinny too. All the Nichols’ were. They could have been movie stars. They were all good looking. Daryl had blonde hair that was just starting to go grey. He had brown eyes that at one time were kind. He was wearing his favorite Eagles concert t-shirt with the iconic Hotel California image, a pair of Wrangler jeans and no socks or shoes. He was a hippy – footwear was simply not his thing. Dayne once joked with him, “We could plant a garden in the dirt on the bottom of your feet.” 
“It’s a whole new city,” Daryl said with such positivity, waiting for her to snap out of it. “Chicago, Dayne, has a lot of history. And you keep whining about how cold it is but not in the summer – there are nice beaches. There’s tons to do and a great music scene.” He picked up the travel book, but she was done with it. 
“Did you check out Navy Pier?” he asked, opening it up to the middle and folding it back to show a picture of the Ferris Wheel but all she noticed was the dirt under his fingernails.
“Dad, I’m watching this,” she said, looking back at Luke Perry portraying Dylan McKay on the TV. 
Daryl lost his patience and let the book fall on the coffee table so it made a loud thud. 
“You’re on your own for supper,” he said, suddenly hostile. “I gotta finish boxing stuff up.” She knew what he meant was, Since you’re acting like this I’m not making you anything to eat. Leslie would have made sure she ate regardless. They’d sit at the dinner table and talk it out. No one would get mad. Leslie had such a nice calm way about her. 
She shut her eyes and thought of Tyler. How cool he was. How his brown hair fell down the back of his warm neck in careless tangles. The day he trudged into her store at the mall he had a motorcycle helmet under his arm. He sported a thick beard. But the most astounding thing about him was his black eyes. Night could never get that dark…
“Oh!” she said, when she suddenly saw him there. She hadn’t heard him. 
“Sorry.” The word dripped darkly from his dry lips. “I hope I didn’t scare you,” he said. He had quite a deep voice. Dayne loved that the first word he ever said to her was sorry. She never heard guys apologize. 
“No,” she smiled. “You didn’t.” And if he did, she would never admit it. “I didn’t hear you come in,” she smiled. 
Tyler was always as quiet as a ghost. 
“Are you looking for a candle?”
“No,” he said. “Just a lighter.”
After a few seconds of debating the lighter selection, he went with the basic black one.
She looked him over. His clothes were kind of dirty and old. She noticed a tattoo on his arm partly hidden by his shirt sleeve. 
He pushed the sleeve up. There were words in tiny black ink, along with a bad tattoo of a knife. 
Dayne read the words aloud, “I am not innocent...you are not innocent, no one is innocent.” 
“It’s Tool,” he said, letting the sleeve fall back over the tattoo. 
“Oh right.”
“You like ‘em?”
“Not really. I prefer Nirvana.” 
Tyler knew she’d say that, because he already knew certain things about her. 
He took the lighter from her and for a split second she felt how warm his hand was. He slipped it into the back pocket of his dirty jeans.
“What’s your name, doll?” he asked.
“Dayne Nichols. Yours?”
“Tyler.” 
“You got a last name?”
“Taboada,” he said, pronouncing it Ta-boyd-ah. “Tyler Jose Taboada.” 
“Okay, Tyler Jose Taboada,” she said, grinning like she was up to something. Dayne was adorable when she smiled, shy but confident. His mysterious black eyes couldn’t get enough of her.
“You smoke?” he asked, looking into her bright summery green eyes.
“No.”
“Well, do you want to start today?” he flirted. 
“My dad would kill me,” she said.
“Is he here?” he asked, joking but also making a point. He was smooth talking and direct at the same time.  
“No,” she giggled.
“You don’t have to smoke, just hang out with me. Keep me company.” 
“I already had my break today…” she said, noting his sudden impatient expression. “But tomorrow...I take it around three.”
“Okay cool, I’ll come back then,” he smiled. “Maybe I’ll get the skull lighter,” then he wiggled his fingers and said, “Ooh, exciting.” 
Dayne giggled as she watched the peculiar guy walk away. He had such a cool devil-may-care walk.
That night he was all she could think about. She tossed and turned in bed, visions of how his jeans slipped down his ass, how his hair was carelessly tangled in the back. How he just didn’t seem to care, which made her care even more. It was maddening. 
Usually the only people that entered the candle store were older women that treated her like crap – just some cashier girl. He’d really made her day. She wondered how old he was and what he did for a living. She wondered where he went when he left the mall. 
The next day at work, all she did was wait anxiously for three o’clock to come. But he didn’t come by. She waited as long as she could to take her break, not wanting to miss him. When she returned she asked her coworker if anyone came by. “Just an elderly woman wanting a cinnamon-scented candle,” her coworker said.
When Dayne got off work, she headed to the exit door by the waterfall and Tyler called for her, appearing out of the blue just like before.
“Hey!” he said. She turned and saw him there in the same clothes. Dirty jeans and a dirty t-shirt. His wavy brown hair hung around his shoulders in careless strands. 
“I’m too late to get a lighter?”
“Yeah, I just closed.” Dayne was a little cold with him. He walked next to her towards the exit. The late evening sun pressed against the dirty glass door, creating a harsh glare.
“Sorry I didn’t meet you for lunch,” he said. “I got caught up in something.” 
Dayne didn’t respond. He kept walking right beside her. 
“I hope your day was okay,” he said. He looked at her, waiting for her to say something.
“It was – not much epic shit can go down when you’re selling candles.”
He laughed. “I guess not.”
They came to the back exit of the mall. She usually didn’t leave this way. She walked out the front door like most people. 
She looked up at Tyler, finding him so peculiar but also attractive. His clothes were loose on his bony frame. His boyish face could barely be observed under his beard and messy hair.
“I know I missed you for lunch but I brought you something to eat,” Tyler said as he opened the door for her, beckoning her to join him in the warm April sunshine. It was barely spring but it felt more like summer. The back of the mall consisted of a few parking spaces reserved for staff and a bunch of green dumpsters. Then it dropped off into the woods. 
“Oh yeah?” she looked down at the black plastic bag. “If it’s a Dr. Pepper I’ll go down on you.”
The look on Tyler’s face just then was hilarious. Most things didn’t shake Tyler up whatsoever but Dayne’s bluntness did.
“I’ll remember that next time,” he said, laughing a little. 
She leaned against the dumpster. He tried not to stare too hard. She had on daisy dukes and a halter top. The outfit accentuated her long legs and slender physique. 
Tyler reached into a black plastic bag from the gas station where he’d bought smokes before coming here. He took out a paper plate covered with aluminum foil. Dayne recognized the sweet smell instantly. It reminded her of the county fair her mom used to take her to. The big mechanical spider she used to like to ride right at sundown. It was black with yellow light bulbs on the metal legs. The Tarantula, it was called. It would move fast back and forth, whipping its passengers around recklessly as heavy metal music played.
Tyler pulled the foil back and there was a warm funnel cake splattered in sugar.
“Holy shit!” Dayne laughed and walked over to him and broke a piece off. It was almost too hot to eat. He watched her place it in her mouth. She had some sugar on her chin. She wiped it with the back of her hand and then she wiped it on his plain black shirt.
He glanced down at his shirt but didn’t get upset. The shirt was dirty as all sin anyway. Now there was a white splatter of sugar in the shape of a milky way on it.
“Holy hell!” she exclaimed. She’d never tasted anything so good in her life. “Yeah Dr. Pepper would be dope with this, we’ll do that next time.”
“Have a picnic in the woods,” he coolly suggested.
Tyler watched her long delicate fingers as she broke another piece off and held it in front of his mouth. He opened his mouth and she slipped it in. 
“Oh, you have your tongue pierced,” she happily noted. She saw a little silver ball on top of his tongue.
“Yeah,” he said.
“Want another bite?” she asked. He nodded. Truthfully, it was the first time he’d eaten in days.
She popped another piece on his pierced tongue.
“Good boy,” she said. They both laughed as they flirted. They finished the treat there under the baking sun, both hungrier than they realized.
“Shit, that was good,” Dayne hailed. “All I had today was a weird chicken sandwich from the food court. Where’d you get that?” she asked, pointing at the now empty paper plate as she wiped sugar onto her jean shorts.
“Uh…” Tyler balled up the aluminum foil and greasy plate and tossed it in the dumpster, squishing it in the corner between the dumpster and a bunch of huge trash bags. “Up the street, this little bakery.”
“Oh yeah, I know it,” she said, leaning against the dumpster again. They gave each other curious glances. 
“Look,” Tyler eventually said, “I think I’ve seen you 
before.”
“Duh, yesterday,” Dayne laughed.
“No, I mean before,” Tyler stayed serious. “Like a while ago,” he said, bringing a cigarette to his lips to light. Dayne got quiet. For a second she was concerned. Anyone else would find Tyler creepy. Unstable. All of those things. But she found him intriguing and sexy. 
“Where did you see me?” she asked, a frown causing a crease in her forehead. Her pouty lips puckered out. She looked more delicious than that funnel cake. 
He let ash fall from his cigarette dangling between his fingers before he responded. It was like he wanted to leave her in suspense, let her sweat a little. 
It was hot that day. The ash from his cigarette was hot, the pavement was hot, everything about that day seemed burning hot. Funnel cakes. Scorching pavement. That would be what Dayne thought of when she thought of the mysterious Tyler Taboada. Sugary funnel cake and scorching hot pavement. Dayne couldn’t keep her eyes off of him. 
“You were singing,” he finally said as smoke drifted from his lips. “At some redneck jamboree thing...” his voice trailed off, almost like he was sick of talking. This was the most he’d talked in months. 
“The Pinewood Pumpkin Festival!” she beamed. “I play there every year! Well I try to anyway...wow.” She couldn’t believe she’d been recognized for singing instead of being known as “the candle girl.” Her smile was huge and bright.
“You sounded like a fucking angel,” he said. “It was autumn,” he went on, “The sun was bright but the temperature was cool. Leaves were everywhere. It was perfect. I didn’t know anything could feel that perfect.”
“Oh thanks, my aunt sort of guided me to it – singing, I mean.”
“Oh yeah?” Tyler didn’t know such direction. 
 “Yeah, dude. My Aunt June actually used to play that song, River.”
“I don’t know it,” Tyler said, looking at her. He hadn’t taken his eyes off of her since they walked outside. 
“By Joni Mitchell,” she excitedly explained. Then she decided to sing for him. “Oh I wish I had a river...I’d skate away.” She added a nervous laugh at the end. With just those few words, she’d proven she had a big voice. 
Tyler just stared at her, mesmerized. The voice that came out of her didn’t match her appearance. It was the voice of a wise old soul and an angle all at once. 
“Because it’s winter, in the song,” she felt the need to explain. “So the river’s frozen….”
“Yeah,” Tyler said, placing some hair behind his ear.
“You ever wanna escape? Just skate away?”
“All the time,” he said. “Except now.”
She smiled. “Aww.” 
He smiled back. It was possibly the third time he ever smiled in his life. 
“And then it was Jeff Buckley, my aunt’s obsessed with him, and he’s good...but I think I’m just too angry and I need Nirvana, you know?”
He nodded and smiled again. He adored every second of her. The way she talked and what she said.
“What about you?” she tossed her hand around. “What stuff do you like – I mean I know Tool,” she said, smiling. “What else?”
“I don’t know,” he shrugged. “The Lemonheads…”
“No! Lemonheads suck,” she shrieked. 
“No they don’t,” he frowned. 
“I don’t know, man,” she said, still smiling but now she was quiet. And the silence seemed to reveal something loud and big but neither could tell what.
“Primus is cool,” he eventually said.
She stared at him squinty-eyed and said, “All boys say that.” 
“So why do you think you’re so angry? You said earlier...something about that.”
“I don’t know,” she shrugged. “Maybe I’m not mad at anything that’s happened, maybe it’s...something that’s gonna happen? I have no idea,” she said.
They both fell quiet again. Her eyes roamed his body like it was a map to places unknown. Better places. Exotic places. He was impossibly thin but there was a bulge in his jeans because he was getting an erection. She looked at the tattoo halfway hidden under the sleeve of his plain black shirt. She looked at his disheveled brown hair. She looked into his black eyes and got taken over by a feeling. She felt like nightfall was staring back at her. 
As the wind blew on an otherwise calm afternoon in Pinewood, North Carolina, Dayne was falling in love. Intrigue, mystery, unpredictability, it was all there, and it made her heart jump. Tyler knew the look she was giving him. He took a few steps forward so he was in front of her, seizing the moment. His fingers trailed along her cheek. She shut her eyes and took in his scent. He smelled like the woods in autumn. She knew he was going to kiss her and it was going to be explosive. Then he just did it. His lips were on hers, his beard was scratching her delicate face, his pierced tongue collided with her unpierced tongue and she made the smallest sound in the back of her throat and it made him harder. He didn’t kiss too rough, but administered enough control to let her know the sex would be insane. To let her know he knew exactly what to do. It was all there in his lips. They kept kissing, their bodies pressing together in yearning. Then he stroked her face and said, “You should have won.” 
She leaned back against the building and grinned like she had a naughty secret she’d never tell anyone.
“The contest,” he said. “You should have won.” 
“That shit doesn’t count,” she said, “What happens is the judges are these creepy guys and their nieces are in the contest so they vote for them and they win. Like what the fuck even is a contest? Music is a feeling. So are they judging feelings? I just don’t get it, dude. Whatever, I don’t sing to win, I sing because I have to...I have to...I feel like I have to in order to breathe.” 
He gazed at her admirably and said, “You still should have won.


The Fallen Trees
On a hot day in May, they snuck off into the woods behind the mall. Tyler kept his word and had a Dr. Pepper for Dayne as well as a funnel cake. They sat down on a picnic blanket and Tyler told her his big secret. Usually he never told anyone, or waited years before he did. 
“I was conceived through rape,” he said. “My mom’s always hated me...blamed me, I guess. So I don’t...I move from place to place, it’s been that way since I was fifteen.”
Dayne didn’t say anything for almost a minute. She’d stopped eating too. She was still holding a piece of cake in front of her lips and just stared at him. Then she put the cake aside and hugged him.
“I’m sorry,” she said, her long dainty arms locked around his neck so her cheek was pressed against his. “You poor angel. I’m so sorry.”
He nearly cried. No one had ever been that sweet with him.
“Our parents blame us for shit,” she continued. “It’s fucked up. I’m sorry.” She held him for a while longer. Afterwards he quickly wiped tears from his face with his dirty shirt before she could see them.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I usually don’t tell people that.”
“Do you feel better?” she asked.
He actually did. 
“Yes.”
She smiled, “Then I’m glad you told me.”
“It doesn’t bother you?” he asked.
“Of course, it’s grim.”
“Do I scare you now?”
“No,” she told him, looking right in his eyes. She saw fear and regret on his face. It obviously scared Tyler. 
“It’s not your fault, you know? You couldn’t help what happened.”
“I wasn’t made out of love,” Tyler said, terribly bothered by it. “I’m the result of violence. I think about that every day…”
“Shh,” she gently touched the side of his face. “You can be anything you want, you don’t have to be like your parents. I think about that every day.”
“Yeah?” He looked at her with puppy dog eyes. Seldom did his black eyes have light in them but when he looked at her they did. 
She nodded and they started kissing. Then he glanced down at the bottle of Dr. Pepper.
“Oh right,” she said. Then she started to unbutton his jeans and he quickly grabbed her hand.
“No, you don’t have to...I mean you can if you want.” They both laughed at the awkwardness. “I just like spending time with you and was reminding you that you had the soda so it didn’t get warm.” 
“Oh...okay.” She reached for the soda and twisted the little red cap off and happy soda fizzed out everywhere, getting all over his pants. It would become known that Dayne had a knack for spilling stuff on people.
“Oh shit,” she laughed loudly. “Well, we’ll have to take your pants off now anyway.” She tugged on the zipper and the feel of her long slim fingers got him really excited. 
She looked at him with those green eyes that matched leaves in the forest and those lips puckered out.
“I still want to blow you though,” she let him know. He stood up and stared down at the top of her blonde head as she finished undoing his pants. 
Two hours later they emerged from the woods and walked along I-40 because Tyler’s bike was in the shop. It was windy. All the flags at the nearby car dealership were thwacking around. Their plan was to have dinner at Olive Garden with Dayne’s candle store paycheck. That was when Daryl’s brown jeep suddenly drove by. Dayne saw her mom’s long ponytail flying around because the top was down. Her parents never went anywhere together anymore but for some stupid reason that day they had.
“Fuck,” Dayne muttered, tugging some hair behind her overly pierced ear. She had the urge to grab Tyler and run back into the woods but it was too late. She knew they saw her.
“What?” Tyler asked. 
“My dad just drove by.” 
She tried to pull Tyler back into the woods.
“What are you doing?” he asked, with a little laugh. “It’s okay.” Tyler didn’t understand. He had no one to answer to, he was a free bird.

Leslie did see her daughter. She saw her daughter walking hand in hand with a scrawny bearded fellow she’d never seen before and all of her alarms went off. Dayne was easy to spot because of her willowy figure and that weird drawing of the skull on her arm. Not to mention that same white slip dress she insisted on wearing almost every day, paired with bright yellow striped socks and black Doc Martens. 
Normally Leslie could play it cool, but the second she saw Tyler, she freaked out and put a theory together in her head: He came up with some story like Ted Bundy used to, convincing Dayne he needed her help with something and she agreed to go with him. His car broke down or he was looking for his dog. As tough as Dayne liked to come across, she was pretty naive sometimes. Leslie was sure they’d spotted her just in time.
“Daryl,” Leslie called her husband’s name and pointed at Dayne and the strange man. Daryl immediately pulled into a gas station. The sudden turn caused his tires to screech. He got out and made a scene so over-the-top Leslie almost wished she’d kept her mouth shut. 
“WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU!” Daryl screamed at Tyler. Tyler didn’t react whatsoever. It was like a part of him was always asleep. He showed no signs of fear or anything really. They were still holding hands. Tyler was dirty and scruffy and Dayne had leaves in her hair. They looked like members of some whacked out cult.
“Dad?” Dayne pleaded with him not to embarrass her. Even the people at the outdoor tables at the Sonic fast food joint across the street were looking. 
Daryl yanked Dayne by the arm, pulling her away from Tyler.
“DAD!” she screamed. He’d pulled on her so hard she felt something in her shoulder pop. 
“Get in the fucking car!” Daryl ordered. Dayne looked back at Tyler who was still standing there. He was stoned. They’d smoked a joint in the woods. 
“Go back under the rock you came out from,” Daryl told him.

The car ride home was no fun. Dayne suffered through a series of parental questions. First there was Daryl’s: “Who was that guy? Where did you meet him?” And her mom’s major concern: “Did you have sex with him?” She had tears in her eyes when she asked. She made it sound like Tyler’s dick was made of napalm.
Dayne shook her head. “No, mom.” She had tears in her eyes too because she hated seeing her mom upset. 
“Where did you meet him?” her dad wanted to know.
“At the mall.” Her answer was so cocky Daryl felt like hitting her. 
“Don’t be cute right now!” Daryl yelled. 
“He came to buy a lighter,” Dayne insisted. 
Daryl scoffed. “He went to the mall to buy a lighter?”
“We sell lighters,” she said, her tone brattier now.
“Daryl,” Leslie said in a hush voice. “We got her now, she’s safe. Let’s just calm down.”
“Tyler’s not dangerous,” Dayne said.
“Every man is dangerous in some way,” Leslie stated in a low but serious voice. “And how do you know? How long have you known him?”
“Oh my god,” Dayne sighed, tired of the interrogation.
“Did you get a clear look at him?” Daryl snapped. “He looked like a weirdo to us.”
“You’re the weirdo!” Dayne shot back. “You don’t even have a job anymore!” 
Daryl almost struck her. If Leslie hadn’t been in the car, he would have. 
“Daryl, just calm down,” Leslie said. She agreed with Dayne – Daryl didn’t have a job anymore nor was he doing anything to improve his situation. He stayed in that room all day, a room that used to be some sort of study, and listened to Tim Buckley and The Eagles and talked to himself. 
Leslie looked at her daughter and moved the leaf out of her hair and put her arm around her.
“Come here, baby,” she said. Dayne slowly leaned into her mom. Leslie smelled like the beach. Unbeknownst to them, she was already having an affair with a 21 year-old man in the Outer Banks. 


One week later, Leslie made the jaw-dropping announcement at the dinner table.
“So I’ve met someone.” 
The scraping sound of forks and spoons against dinner plates slowly subsided and Daryl and Dayne looked up at her. Leslie had her hand folded in a loose fist and held it in front of her mouth like she was about to belch. Really she was just nervous. 
“His name’s Benny. He lives in Kitty Hawk,” Leslie said. She paused before really plunging the knife in. “I’m moving there soon.”
Dayne’s eyes clouded with tears. “If this is about me I’ll stop seeing Tyler, mom, okay? I’m sorry.”
Leslie shook her head. Her eyes were closed. “It’s not you.” Dear god, it’s not you. “It’s about me. I...I need to do this.” She opened her eyes and looked at them both. They looked clueless. 
Daryl hadn’t said a word since she began her surprising news. He got up from the table, pushed his chair in so hard it hit the table and fell backwards. Then he stormed out of the house. That was the day Dayne felt her world start to collapse.
Leslie explained to Dayne that Benny made her happy. But Tyler made Dayne happy, so then why couldn’t she see him? So Dayne started lying. Her mom had been lying – she’d been having an affair.
Dayne quit her job at the mall but never told her parents, so they’d drop her off there and leave her alone for eight hours, which she’d spend in the woods behind the mall with Tyler. 
“I didn’t bring a Dr. Pepper,” Tyler said apologetically one day when they were in the woods. He looked down at Dayne’s fingers eagerly tugging on the button of his jeans. She liked doing it. She liked him. She liked the second he folded into a vulnerable ball of goo. He seemed so cool and unbothered any other time. 
They kissed. She’d missed the rough sandpapery feel of his beard against her neck. She moaned. They pressed against one another and her hand slipped down to the tropical boy zone. 
“Oh god,” he moaned against her neck, feeling her soft hand, her long delicate fingers, and kissed her harder.
 
When she was done, they heard a police siren coming from the back of the mall. They looked in the direction of the ravine, which led up to the parking lot. 
“Shit!” Tyler rushed to button his jeans. “Go!” he told Dayne, running off into the woods. “I’ll call you later!” Then he was gone like a flash of lightning that came with a violent burst of thunder. Even if she wanted to catch up with him she wouldn’t be able to.
By the time she made her way up the ravine, the cop car was gone. She went into the mall, feeling weird. She walked by The Candle Store and looked in at the new girl standing behind the counter. She missed being there. She missed those simple days she used to hate, the days when her parents were fine and would drop her off at the mall for work. Many days were boring, but it could be quite calming. Now that she wasn’t making money, she was a broke bum like her dad. She grew sad and angry all at once. 
Then she heard her mother call her name.
“Dayne?” 
She turned and watched as Leslie stood up from the benches surrounding the waterfall. She didn’t look mad – just relieved. 
“Did you bring dad?” Dayne asked, preparing for a big scene if she had.
“No,” Leslie said, fixing some hair behind her ear because she was nervous. “But I did go to the candle store. Dayne...you quit your job?”
“Yeah.”
“When?” 
“A couple of weeks ago.” 
Leslie didn’t know what to say. Her mouth was open for words to come out but she didn’t want to embarrass her daughter and she’d never been the type to scream and shout. That never helped. But if Dayne was lying about her job, she wondered what else she was lying about. 
And what had she been doing all that time she was supposed to be at work?
She put such questions off for the time being and asked more nurturing ones. 
“Did you eat today?” Leslie asked instead. Dayne shook her head. Tyler didn’t bring food for their picnic.
“You want to go to Olive Garden?” Leslie asked.
Dayne smiled so big and bright it was like watching the sun come up. 
“Come on,” Leslie put her arm around her and they headed to the front exit and crossed the parking lot to the restaurant.


As they sat at Olive Garden, Elton John’s Something About The Way You Look Tonight played. Leslie kept fidgeting with her silverware. She felt helpless and guilty. The two awful emotions swirled around in her chest. She knew getting through to Dayne would be like tearing a cement wall down with a plastic fork.
“Do you want to talk about anything?” Leslie tried anyway.
“Like what?” Dayne said, touching her wrapped silverware for a second. She had the same nervous habits as her mom.
Leslie shrugged, “Anything.” Then she smiled, hoping the positive calm she presented would get Dayne to open up. She couldn’t get Tyler’s scraggly appearance out of her head. She couldn’t shake the feeling of a dark storm about to happen to all of them. 
“Did you call the cops on Tyler?” The words flew from Dayne’s mouth accusingly. 
Now Leslie was really worried.
“What? No. Dayne, what are you talking about? Was he arrested?” 
The waiter, who looked about fourteen, came over in the middle of Leslie’s barrage of questions and carefully placed down big, hot plates of pasta.
Dayne stared at the food. Smoke lifted from the plates. The waiter warned to wait for it to cool before he glanced down at Dayne. She looked up at him and he smiled shyly before walking off. 
“Dayne?” Leslie was still waiting for her to answer. She squeezed her lemon wedge into her coke and took a sip.
“Yeah?” Dayne said, sipping her Dr. Pepper. It was super cold and fizzy.
“Was Tyler arrested?” 
“Mom, it’s nothing.” Dayne didn’t want to talk about it. 
“I want you to stay away from him,” she said. “Can you do that for me?”
“I can’t wait to be an adult so I can do whatever I want and not care how it affects people.” Dayne’s tone was hurtful, but Leslie knew it was only because she was hurting.
“You’d care though,” Leslie replied calmly. “Because you’re a sweetheart. That’s why you need to stay away from guys like Tyler. Please.”
Dayne dipped a breadstick into some sauce and took a bite. Then she sipped her drink. 
“He’s not even a bad guy,” she said after a while. She couldn’t really say much else. She couldn’t tell her mom how Tyler was conceived – because then she’d really freak out. 
“He’s twenty-two, he’s too old for you, Dayne.”
“Are we going to talk about age gaps? Aren’t you banging someone about my age?”
Leslie paused. Dayne’s tone had gone from hurtful to brutal.
“He’s twenty-one, and we’re both adults,” she managed to say. 
“Mom, he’s younger than Tyler,” Dayne pointed out.
“You’re still a teenager, Dayne. That’s my point. This Tyler guy is an adult. What does he do for a living?”
Dayne didn’t have a clue.
Leslie kept calm as she asked her next question. “How did you meet?”
“I already told you, he came in my store and asked for a lighter. Then he said hey, I have an idea, let’s date, it will piss your parents off, whaddaya say? And I was like yeah cool. And he was like I’m in a cult, is that okay? And I was like yes, I can’t wait to be brainwashed. Is that what you want me to say?”
Leslie stood up and went to the bathroom. She couldn’t take another second of her daughter’s bratty mouth. She was relieved to find the bathroom empty. Although it made her thoughts louder. She wiped her tears away and washed her face, allowing herself a moment to calm down. When she returned, the waiter was clearing the table. Dayne eyed her mom and looked like she felt a little bad about her tone. But Dayne never apologized. 
“I love you, Dayne,” Leslie said after sliding into the booth. She wanted to push the rewind button and start this whole dinner over. 
The waiter dropped off their leftovers in to-go containers. Dayne stared at the Have A Nice Day message on the plastic bags. 
“That’s why I worry about you and this…” her mother added. “Guy,” she said. She didn’t want to say his name. She didn’t want to give him that type of acknowledgement. “I know you may think he’s good – trust me, I know the feeling. He’s exciting, but that sort of feeling can be deceitful.” 
“Then why are you leaving?” Dayne asked, so combative Leslie wasn’t prepared. “If you care so much, if you’re so fucking worried – why are you leaving?”
“I need to,” Leslie said, in a voice that was soothing but her words weren’t. “And I’ll come and visit and you can visit me! At the beach.”
This did nothing to change the look on Dayne’s face. She spent the next few minutes sulking. Those pouty lips of hers were even poutier. 
“What do you two do when you’re together?” Leslie asked. “You and Tyler.” She kind of didn’t want the answer, but she had to know. As a parent. “Have you had sex?”
Dayne frowned and played with her hair. “Mom,” she begged. She straightened up in the booth, feeling trapped.
“Because god knows if you get pregnant by that boy or …”
“We haven’t had sex yet,” Dayne quickly inerrupted. Not that kind anyway, Dayne almost added. “I haven’t had sex yet,” she said furthermore. Leslie’s face was a mix of relief and shock. She didn’t know how to follow up Dayne’s news without asking something absurd like “are you saving yourself for someone special?” so she just sat there, stuck in the reminder that Dayne had her whole life to live and there would be bumps along the way and Leslie wouldn’t be there to hold her hand through them all. 
Dayne redid her ponytail and stared out of the window. The Sundown was right across the street. It was the motel where Tyler was currently living. It was yellow with a red roof. It’s bright yellow marque, meant to look like the sun, was starting to brighten up as the sun went down. Dayne found that funny. She wondered if he was there or if he was still in the woods hiding from the cops. 
“How’s the music going?” Leslie asked, deciding to change the subject. “Have you written any new songs?” Leslie asked her.
“No, dude, but I’ve been working on a cover. Mazzy Star’s Fade Into You.” 
“Oh I bet it’s great!” Leslie said. “I wanna hear it.”
Dayne smiled, finally. Leslie was relieved. 
“Maybe one day,” Dayne replied. “Tyler makes me happy,” she declared, not in a defensive way, just stating facts. “He says I have a great voice.”
“He’s heard you sing?” Leslie asked, surprised. 
Dayne nodded and figured she was saying too much. She knew the more she said, the more questions her mom would have. 
“Can I ask you something?” Leslie checked, remaining patient. 
“Yup. It’s your favorite thing to do.”
Leslie went on, ignoring Dayne’s smart comment. “Did Tyler hear that cop when he pulled up earlier?” 
“Yes…”
“Did he look scared? Like he’d done something wrong?” Leslie asked. 
“Everyone hates cops, mom. It doesn’t mean they did something wrong.” 
But he did look scared, Dayne thought.

In the car, Dayne fiddled with the radio until she found her favorite station, Q101, and turned it up. Elegantly Wasted by INXS was on. 
“Here,” Leslie said, surprising her with a Dr. Pepper to go as she held the styrofoam cup out for her. It was filled with tons of ice and a straw. 
“Mom! Thanks.” Dayne popped the straw through the plastic lid and Leslie turned the music up even louder as they pulled out of the parking lot. 


Dayne moved around restlessly on the couch. Daryl was still messing around in the kitchen, boxing up whatever was left to box. It was almost nine pm. If all went according to Daryl’s plan, they’d be settled in their new condo in Chicago by this time tomorrow night.
Dayne had another plan. 
She tugged on her bottom lip, restless. Anxious. She wanted to see Tyler. Daryl glanced at her from the doorway of the kitchen, hoping images of that man weren’t flashing through her head. But they were. Tyler the Drifter, the 9 o’clock showing. The lights had just gone down, the dark sticky auditorium smelled like fresh warm buttery popcorn and the curtains parted and the big screen lit up with his awesome dark features. Those black eyes, olive skin and messy hair. Those filthy clothes. That Harley. The vroom vroom sound it made, the vibrations it created in her chest. Excitement flooded through her veins. He’d be the one. Her first love, her first everything. The blood would stain the sheets of her whole life. She’d never forget him, though he may forget her. He’d have so many lovers. But he’d never love. He didn’t have it in him. No one had given him love. So he just didn’t have any to give anyone else.
A voiceover spoke, “A nomad meets an innocent girl. But is she really that innocent?” Dayne leaned against a dumpster, scantily clad, and offered him a mischievous grin. They kissed and she hid her face in Tyler’s warm neck where he had the words goat boy tattooed, somewhat hidden by his long hair. He grabbed her by her tiny hips, kissed her luscious lips, and they rode off into the sunset on his motorcycle. He loved her today and today was all that mattered.
It was an amazing feature. The credits rolled. 
“You want dinner?” Daryl asked, having a change of heart. He thought if he engaged with her she’d stop thinking about him. The divorce had to be hard on her. Dayne had always been so close to her mom. Clearly, Tyler came into her life at a time when she was vulnerable, when things were shaky. That guy knew exactly what he was doing. 
“No,” Dayne replied, “Everything’s packed up anyway.” 
“We could get a pizza,” Daryl suggested, keeping his voice light and airy. He really wanted this to work out.
“No,” Dayne said, this time even more stubborn. Her long legs were still stretched out on the couch so her feet hung over the armrest. An ankle bracelet dangled from her left ankle. She was twirling some of her blonde hair around her finger. The look in her green eyes was dreamy and distant. She just wanted him to stop with the packing and go to bed so she could sneak out and see Tyler. They would run away together. If Daryl got pizza, it would take at least an hour for it to get here and another to eat. Dinner would turn into a thing. There would either be forced conversation or awkward silences. She hated it when dinner turned into a thing. Why couldn’t people just eat and get on with their lives? 
“Alright, fine,” Daryl said, walking back into the kitchen and giving up. Which was exactly what she wanted him to do. 
Dayne placed her eyes back on Dylan McKay until Beverly Hills 90210 ended with a dramatic car crash and she got up and stretched. 
“It moves,” Daryl quipped. Dayne rolled her eyes.
He came into the living room with a box. It was still open and full of books. He dropped it on the floor by the coffee table. 
“Put that book in there if you’re done,” he pointed to the Chicago travel book. His tone was short and he had a very mean look on his face. Dayne would never admit it, but her father scared her way more than some bearded drifter ever could.
She fished out the meditation book from the box and smirked. 
“Really?” she giggled, forgetting everything for a moment. Dayne’s chuckle could erupt into an infectious laugh that always made others laugh. She held the depressing book up at her father and read the title. “Wherever you go there you are? Really? This guy got a book deal for coming up with that?”
“Hey!” Daryl yelled at her so loud it made her jump. “That’s a good book – it got me through a tough time.” He was furious. 
Dayne dropped the book back in the box as tears filled her eyes. 
Daryl ripped more tape from a fresh roll and finished with the boxes in the kitchen in silence. He was thinking about Leslie, about how she just took off to be with another guy. A younger guy. She had a successful career and could do whatever she wanted and she was doing it. He would not allow Dayne to do the same thing. Not ever. 
Dayne went up to her room as tears plummeted down her face. She wasn’t just crying because her dad yelled at her, she was crying because of everything. 
She slammed her door so hard a thumbtack came loose from her Veruca Salt poster. She collapsed on the bed. There was no need to fix it – she would just have to take it down and put it in a box. She let it hang crooked and the band members sneered at her in their cool grunge clothing as Dayne continued to cry. The way the poster hung crooked seemed to represent her world at that point. Things falling apart, no longer making sense. She shut her pretty eyes and warm tears trailed down her cheeks. She slammed her fist into the mattress and said “fuck you” to the empty room.
She wasn’t going to go. Because it just wasn’t fair. How’d things change so suddenly? How could they suck so much now?  If she ever needed her best friend, it was now, and if she went to Chicago she’d never see Tiffany again. 
If there was a concert coming up, they always went together. If there was a video premiere from one of their favourite artists they called each other to tell them, “Turn on MTV now!!” If one dyed her hair, the other raced to the mall to buy Manic Panic. They always had to do the same thing. Leslie understood that. If Dayne said, “Mom, Tiffany just dyed her hair purple!” Leslie would tell Dayne to get in the car and they’d go buy dye and a dye towel to put on the floor. Her mom was that cool. Cool enough to buy towels to purposely mess up with dye. 
You won’t go. You won’t go to Chicago. You’ll leave with Tyler tonight.     
She lied in bed, wide awake, her teenage heart thumping restlessly. She thought about that day at Olive Garden with her mom and how she had to sit there and pretend she hadn’t just done something dirty in the woods with Tyler. Even after eating all that pasta, garlic bread and drinking Dr. Pepper, she still tasted Tyler in the back of her throat. She could hear the hard ground crunching under her knees. She could hear the slow sighs coming from his mouth as she took him to the back of her throat. She could feel his warm fingers slipping along her face before he pulled her hair. She could still see what was left of the sun as it fell down between the leaves like burning pieces of broken glass. 
“Balls too…” Tyler had requested right before he came. She crammed them in her mouth and then his body shuttered.  The load was quite a lot. She wiped some off her chin and looked up at him. Then the police car siren sounded. 
Dayne touched her lips as she lay awake in the quiet of her dark bedroom. She struggled with how people could be so intimate with each other and then be so far away, with one wondering where the other one was.
She turned on her side and played dead when she heard her father in the hallway. He was going to make his nightly visit. Sometimes it involved the awkward “good night, sweetheart,” with a little animosity in his tone. He might also say, “You know everything will be alright, right?” and sometimes it sounded like he was asking her if it would be. Other times he stood over her bed saying nothing for almost a minute, simply observing her, before walking back out.
This time however, he didn’t visit her. He made a phone call instead. She heard him on the rotary phone right outside in the hallway. 
“Hey,” he barely spoke above a whisper. Then he was quiet. Then he laughed and said, “Sore, been moving stuff all day.” 
Who was he talking to? 
“Yeah, yeah, everything’s ready,” Daryl continued to talk in a low voice. “No, I listened to that one album.” He paused and then said, “I do see the resemblance.” Another brief pause. “Okay, I love you too. Can’t wait.”
I love you?! Dayne shot up in bed. There was another woman? Was that why they were suddenly moving to Chicago? She couldn’t be with Tyler but her mom could run off and be with who she wanted and now her dad too? Well she’d show them.

So far, revenge was silent. She crept downstairs without making a peep. She’d make sure not to ride her bike on the gravel. She would roll it out over soft grass and fly away once she was around the corner.
She had a small bag packed with a few pairs of underwear and her last paycheck. She glanced at the living room carpet as she passed through. There was nothing left to distinguish it as a living room. Just things frayed and peeled. There were four round indentions in the carpet where the couch’s pegs had pressed into it for years. Her mom used to sit there with her and watch MTV while studying for her real estate exam. 
Dayne saw something on the floor that had been under the couch for years, apparently. It was a friendship bracelet she lost years ago. It was blue and orange. The thread was coming loose around the hole you latched the opposite end to. Tiffany had given it to her when she performed at the Pumpkin Festival for the first time. She grabbed it before slipping out the front door.


Rebellion and anger kicked in, causing her to work the pedals on her bike with insane fervor. She flew down Maplewood, not even bothering to take in the beautiful view of Pamlico Sound. That was how bad she wanted to get to him. Her heart hammered in her chest, her blonde hair flew in the wind. 
She was supposed to meet him at Big Mouth Lake an hour ago. She just hoped he waited. If not, she’d find him. The last time she saw him was in the woods when the cop scared him off. She called him at Sundown Motel that night after she returned from Olive Garden, and asked if he was okay. Yeah, he said, but downplayed everything. He told her the cop was looking for him because of an “inaccurate arrest warrant,” but it was all worked out.
She flew up over the curb and skidded along the muddy ground near the lake. He was sitting on the bench facing the water. 
“Tyler!” she called his name out as she let her bike fall where it may. She’d had it since she was nine. It still had that stupid girly pink basket attached to the handlbars.
She jumped into his arms. 
“Whoa,” he said. He was shocked at her enthusiasm because most people didn’t care about him. He was told since birth he should have never happened. 
He held her and she felt his skin and bones against her body. She had on that flimsy white slip dress. Her blonde hair was windblown. 
“I missed you. My dad’s taking me to Chicago tomorrow and I don’t want to go. I brought some stuff,” she held her backpack up. “I want to leave with you.”
Tyler stared at her for a second before they started kissing again, lost in the heat of the moment. Love might have been blind, but lust was deaf, dumb and blind. Obviously there were things to discuss – how they’d eat, where they’d go, but right now he could barely think with his cock pounding the way it was. 
She reached down to lift her dress up over her head. All she had on underneath was a pair of grey underwear. When she dropped the dress to the ground her hand rubbed against Tyler’s crotch. His pants were full from his erection. 
Tyler felt this insane desire to devour her right there. He shut his eyes, practiced self-control, told himself for the ten-thousandth time that he wasn’t a monster, he wasn’t his father. Then she pressed her soft lips against his lips, moaned, sighed, handed her soft body over to him. 
“I want you inside me tonight,” Dayne said. He kissed her hard, his hands slipping down her back and grabbed her ass and he pressed her against him.
“Oh god,” she moaned. “Take me.”
“We should leave,” he said, as badly as he wanted to keep going. He should pry himself off of her and get her on his bike. Think about the future for a change.
But then he glanced down at Dayne’s perfect body in the moonlight. She was so skinny he could see her ribcage. Her tits were small and soft. He traced her breasts with the back of his warm hand. Her nipples were a gorgeous color of dark-pink-almost-purple. He covered one breast with his mouth and she rolled her head back in ecstasy. She felt his warm tongue and his strong teeth around her nipple. When she felt his tongue ring there, her nipple started to wrinkle. She moaned again. It was so pleasurable it made her dizzy. He ran his fingers through her long blonde hair and pulled on it as he gently started biting her nipple. 
“Oh god...oh…” she sighed. Her head had rolled back so her neck was accessible to him. If he was a vampire, he would have been the luckiest vampire in the world, with her body offered to him like a glass of warm delicious blood. 
“Oh…” she sighed as he started giving her other breast the same treatment. He stared at it, at the soft, swollen flesh – porcelain skin and a nipple the color of periwinkle. It was perfect. She was perfect. He clamped his teeth down on it and she moaned like crazy and gave a tight twist in his arms. He was throbbing in his pants as he tasted her delicate skin. She was softer than flowers after a rainstorm. Her flesh was so tender. Her hair smelled like her citrus Herbal Essence shampoo. Her mouth, of course, tasted like Dr. Pepper. Her nipple quickly wrinkled and turned hard against his pierced tongue. He pulled on her hair to keep her still. He bit down harder. She moved so her waist rubbed against his sirring cock.
“Ahhh...nnnn….” it sounded like she was about to say “no,” and it was sort of out of fear that he was going to chew her nipple completely off. Because when Tyler got invested…
Her constant sounds made him insanely hard. The things he wanted to do to her. Once he got her to Sundown Motel.
“Oh god…” she moaned. There was nothing like him, nothing in the world. How warm and dirty he felt. How dangerous. His beard scratched up her delicate skin, his teeth clamped down on her nipple.
He finally released her damp breast and looked up at something. He thought he saw a car. He looked back down at her damp skin aglow in the moonlight. She was still draped in his arms like she’d passed out. 
Then she moved a little and said, “Please,” wanting more.
The hunger awakening in him felt dangerous. She was still perfect, her flower unflawed. Untattered. 
“Shh.” He pressed his thumb against her bee-stung lips. His cock throbbed against his jeans as their mouths met for another wild kiss. This was the part in Tyler the Drifter when he said to her, “You wanna go to Florida? We have enough money. I’ve robbed several liquor stores. That’s why that cop was after me. So I kind of need to skip town anyway...”
But then the bright lights of Daryl’s jeep cut up the darkness of the lake and ruined everything the way an alarm clock ruined a nice dream. 
“No, no,” Dayne moaned in dread. “Please,” she begged Tyler, gripping his dirty t-shirt. She knew it was too late and so did he. Tyler broke out in a sweat as he tried to think of what to do. If he’d just taken her as soon as she arrived. 
“DAYNE!” Daryl called out as he made his way over, his blood boiling and his hands curled in fists. He wasn’t about to lose her too.
Tyler picked her dress up. “Put this on.” He’d get her on his bike. There was still time. 
“No,” Dayne refused and threw the dress to the ground. She clung to Tyler, shaking in fear. Daryl snatched her by the arm and threw her to the ground. Then he slammed his fist into Tyler’s face. Tyler crumbled to the ground within seconds.
“NO!” Dayne crawled over to Tyler. 
Tyler ran his hand over his lips. Then he checked his teeth with his tongue to make sure they were intact. Once he was on his feet, he spat blood right in Daryl’s face.
Daryl took another swing and missed that time.
“She hates you, man,” Tyler said. “She hates you – and that’s what you’re afraid of, not me. That’s what you can’t control – not me.” 
Dayne was amazed. Tyler had such a great point.
Daryl started to hit him again, because he knew Tyler was right, but Dayne threw herself in front of him. Daryl grabbed her and swung her around and held her against him so she faced Tyler. The moon bathed her naked body.
“Take a good last look at her!” Daryl yelled, holding her still. “This what you want, huh? Well take one more good, long, hard look, boy. Because after this, you’ll never see her again!”
“NO!!!” Dayne struggled as Daryl turned and dragged her to the jeep. Tyler’s blood still peppered his cheek. 
Daryl opened the passenger’s side door and pushed her in, throwing her dress on top of her. Tyler could hear Dayne crying all the way from where he stood.
“She fucking doesn’t like you!” Tyler shouted. Dayne flung the friendship bracelet she brought for him out of the window before Daryl sped away with her.
 
MAY 26TH, 2007
Kathy had no idea what she just witnessed. All she knew was that it was loud and now she needed her aspirin and a strong helping of whiskey.  
“Did you like it?” she asked Phil as they left the theatre and made their way to his truck. Judging by the boyish grin on his face, he did.
“Yes! It was awesome.”
“Good, because the next movie we see can’t be about robots,” she laughed. 
“You pick the next one,” Phil replied gentlemanly, as he opened the door for her. Then he argued as he walked around the truck, expressing himself passionately with his hands moving about. “But they weren’t robots, they were autobots.”
“Heh,” Kathy just laughed as she climbed into the truck. Then she felt the cold end of a gun press into her face, just below her eye. The guy in the backseat was as quick as he was quiet. Phil started to put the keys in the ignition, not noticing that the peace and quiet had turned into intense silence. It was dark and the man was dressed in all black. And Phil was still obsessing over the film. 
“Phil…” his name escaped his wife’s lips in a desperate plea. Then all at once Phil saw the man in the backseat with a black ski mask pulled down over his face, exposing nothing but his dry lips, and the gun pressed into Kathy’s cheek.
“Alright,” Phil spoke calmly, lifting his hands from the wheel in surrender. “You take me, whatever you need...just don’t hurt her.” 
The man in the mask said nothing. 
“Please...what do you want?” Phil asked. Fear was setting in. All it took was one flick of the finger and Kathy’s brains would be all over the windshield. 
The parking lot was empty. People had already arrived for the 9 o’clock features and were getting their popcorn by now.
“Your wife,” the guy spoke quickly as if to try and disguise his voice although they didn’t recognize it.
“Please,” Phil begged “Just…”
“Get out of the car,” the guy told Phil, “Or I blow her brains out. Then yours.” There was no hesitation in the masked man’s voice.
“Just get out, Phil, I’ll be okay,” Kathy told him, surprisingly composed. Because it might be him, she thought, and if so she could talk him down from doing something crazy.
Phil got out of the truck. As soon as the masked man with the gun drove off with his wife, he’d call the cops. 
The man in the ski mask climbed over the front seat and warned Kathy, “Don’t do anything stupid.”
Kathy wouldn’t. She was not a stupid woman. She remained quiet as the man drove out of the parking lot and up Ghost Popcorn Road, heading out past The Hut, The Funky Lobster and Paradise Cove, away from any sign of life. He didn’t say a word until they got to the abandoned waterpark. Dear god, what was he going to do? Kathy started to panic. 
She looked over as he pulled his mask off. Long black hair fell all over his face. It was the same as he kept it back then, when he dyed it that After Midnight black, that Elvis black. When he strolled into her cafe for coffee between school and his hard job. 
Kathy’s breathing was choppy. She tried to stay calm and focused. 
“Rocky...what’s going on?”
Rocky Normandy stared at her, his tired blue eyes filled with tears.
“Did you talk to the cops?” he wanted to know.
“No. I talked to one lousy sheriff but I didn’t say anything,” Kathy assured. 
She watched his face ball up and tears of anguish squeezed out of his eyes. 
“I’m sorry, I just don’t know what to do,” he sobbed.
“What is it, son? Do you need money?”
Did you kill Dayne? That was what she couldn’t ask. She didn’t have it in her.
Rocky just kept crying, his face buried in his hands. Kathy placed her hand on Rocky’s and eased the gun out of it. Rocky didn’t put up a fight. He was too emotional to notice. 
“It’s gonna be okay, son, come here.” 
He slowly leaned forward until he was in her arms, his soggy face against her breasts, and stayed there as the dark street lit up with flashing blue lights.


Spiderwebs
MAY 15TH, 1997
Daryl honked the horn again. It was seven a.m. The goal was to be in Chicago by 7 pm, grab dinner and at least unload the important stuff from the U-Haul tonight. They had all weekend to get the house set up. Then Dayne would finish high school in a strange new place. They’d spend that weekend in Indiana with her Aunt June. From what Dayne had heard, the town she lived in, Chase’s Landing, was a pretty boring beach town. She hadn’t even heard of it until June said she rented a house there because it was inspiring when it came to her art. 
While Leslie was a successful real estate agent, June became the black sheep of the family. June had never been married, but she did have a boyfriend for about six months until they got in a big fight during which she threw a frozen burrito at his face and gave him a concussion. Her weird paintings disturbed people, but they got hung in cafes and restaurants and every now and then, she sold one. 
June would understand. She would understand why Dayne was mad. Because she could be on the open rode right now on a motorcycle with her arms around Tyler. But they had to fool around and then they got caught.
Next time, Dayne vowed, looking at her reflection in the mirror. She was aware of her beauty, and scared of it. Because she always felt in danger – doomed. Once after she played at the Pumpkin Festival, some middle-aged man started following her around and blowing kisses at her. As much as she wanted to act like she could take care of herself, Tyler made her feel safe.
Daryl honked the horn again.
“SHUT UP!” Dayne yelled at the small window above the bathtub. Then she went back to doctoring her face – she had a beard rash thanks to Tyler. She didn’t mind though – in fact she was happy. She knew every time Daryl looked at her, he was reminded she made out with Tyler Taboada last night. The beard rash was an awesome display of rebellion. 
She pulled her hair up with her hand and stared at her face. Feral. Someone had told her the other day that she looked feral. What did that mean? Did she remind them of some type of animal? 
She put her hair up in a scrunchie and went back to washing her face. She pushed the pump down and smeared the gentle foaming cleanser on her face to sooth her chapped cheeks before splashing it with cool water. She reached for the only towel left in the house and gently patted her face dry. Then she started crying. What if she never saw him again? Tyler wasn’t exactly predictable. He didn’t have a home. He’d be impossible to get ahold of. 
The thought of spending countless hours in a car with her dad made her cry too. Being forced to do all of this. Sleeping in an unfamiliar room tonight. Going to a school where she knew no one. She cried some more. She should still be asleep. She should wake up hours from now with her mom downstairs on the couch talking real estate. There still should be a couch in the house.
She splashed another round of cold water on her face and pressed the towel against her swollen eyes. She heard Daryl marching up the stairs. She knew there was about to be an epic showdown. A sequel to last night. 
“Dayne,” Daryl warned. He tried to open the door but she’d locked it. 
“Dayne! Open this fucking door!” he slapped his hand against it. 
She reached for it and turned the doorknob and it swung open and hit the wall.  
“What the hell are you doing?” he hollered.
“My face hurts,” she said with a grin. “His beard,” she dared to add. She looked at herself. Her face was entirely red like a sunburn. Then she started fiddling with her hair again as her father’s rage boiled. She removed the scrunchie and rearranged her hair in a new ponytail. She was pushing his buttons. He watched her as she gathered her hair, green eyes focused on her reflection in the mirror. She had a plan. He could tell. She had a plan. And she was resilient. As resilient as a spider rebuilding its web after yet another hard rain destroyed the one before.
She twisted her scrunchie around a few times to put her hair back up into an even tighter ponytail. It made her feel in control. The tighter it was, the more control she felt like she had over things. Leslie also constantly fussed with her hair. Every day Dayne reminded Daryl more of her.
Dayne looked in the mirror and seemed okay but then the tears filled her eyes again. She turned to her father and sobbed desperately, “I hate this! Why can’t everything be the way it was?” 
Daryl used his calm rational tone that time. “I know you hate it, but one day you’ll understand. And there are many people in this world that would love to get up and move to a big city to start over again.”
“Yeah so take them!” she yelled before she started to wash her face again, making him lose all patience. 
“We’re moving – it’s happening. Get in the fucking jeep,” Daryl warned, “You don’t have a choice. Until you’re eighteen you don’t have a goddamn choice!” He reached for her cleanser before she could wash her face again and tossed it in the trash.
“Dad!” Dayne turned to grab it and threw it at him. It bounced off his head and slid down the hallway floor. It was kind of funny, but the fact that she just hit her dad, even if it was just with a plastic container of face wash, surprised them both. She stared at him and he stared at her, each wondering what the other was about to do. The Nichols’ were all attractive people, but also temperamental people. 
A little dark laugh escaped Daryl’s lips before his hand suddenly flew out between them. He hit Dayne so hard she spun completely around and fell on top of the small plastic trash can. Her legs folded beneath her like a pretzel. He didn’t need to hit her so hard. Dayne barely weighed 90 pounds. Her long blonde hair hung in her face as she started crying. This time it was a hard cry, not the desperate sobbing she’d been doing. No one had ever hit her before. Wait until Tyler found out, she immediately thought. She tried to stand up and realized her hand was stinging. The plastic trash can had cracked when she fell on it and it cut her hand. The corner of her mouth was already swelling from where he hit her. Daryl felt a rush of intense relief when he did it. Then he felt regret. 
“Come on,” he started to help her up. “I’m sorry, but you push and push…”
“Don’t,” she sobbed, moving away from him and reaching for her face wash again but then she remembered it was in the hall. And all of her things were in boxes. 
She looked at the cut on her hand and reached for some toilet paper.
“Dear god, I’m sorry,” Daryl said, running his hand over his mouth. He didn’t mean to hurt her so badly. He watched as she tossed gobs of bloody tissue in the trash. Tears were streaming down her face again.
She managed to calm herself, vowed to stop crying and looked in the mirror, all without saying a word. She always showed great resilience. Another web would be spun. 


“I’m sorry,” Daryl kept saying in the truck, once they were on their way to Chicago. Dayne glanced out the rearview at a creepy friend of Daryl’s who was following them in their jeep. He’d drop it off and fly back to NC eventually, he’d said. But he wanted to check out Chicago for a few days. His name was Tony, he used to work with Daryl back when Daryl was employed. He had tribal tattoos and a shiny bald head.
They were in Virginia now. It was hot. To entertain herself on the long boring drive, Dayne had fantasies of becoming a famous rock star and telling MTV VJ Kurt Loder all about what an asshole her dad was in interviews.
“But you know…” she’d begin to say as her fans watched her on MTV, hanging onto every word she said, “It made me stronger. All of those hard times just made me more determined.”
The fantasy brought a little smile to her face. But her face hurt when she smiled because of how hard she’d been hit. As they traveled through the south, the sun pressed harder against the windshield, pointing out every streak, every dried raindrop. 
Dayne was astoundingly quiet. Was Tyler still staying at The Sundown? she wondered. What if she called again and he’d left? What if that was it? Another person in her life gone. An ice cold panic ran through her. She suddenly had the urge to scream, beat the window, kick the dashboard. She remained calm though, and silent. She’d call Sundown once this long day was over. And if he wasn’t there she’d call every motel in America until she found him. Daryl wasn’t going to stop her from living her life. They’d go on the road together, she’d write songs and he’d do whatever it was that Tyler Taboada did. Maybe they’d become famous vigilantes. Dayne and Tyler. Bonnie And Clyde. 
Tyler was a Leo, Year of the Goat. He was stubborn and temperamental. He spat blood in her dad’s face. That was such a ballsy move. Who knew what he’d do next? She smirked again and pressed the cold can of Dr. Pepper against the swollen side of her mouth. The sun shined down on the fresh cut on her hand. 
“I’ll buy you a new guitar, how’s that?” Daryl tried again. He glanced at her. She wouldn’t look at him. She said nothing.  
Daryl went on. “You haven’t been easy to deal with lately, Dayne. Lying?!” He felt like he was about to lose it. “About your job? So you could spend eight hours a day with that guy doing god knows what?!”
Other cars passed them, the passengers looking over at Daryl yelling and yanking on the steering wheel in a rage. 
He took a deep breath and managed to calm down, but continued his speech. 
“Tyler is too old for you. Also your mom said...your mom had said at one point that you liked girls.”
“I like everyone but you,” she spoke harshly. Her tongue was sharper than ever. Daryl held back from speaking or doing anything, mostly because he was driving and had their life behind them in the U-Haul and he didn’t want to wreck. 
He took a deep breath and tried to think of various ways to make this trip bearable. Maybe stop at a steakhouse, laugh over steak fries. He used to make her laugh years ago, when his marriage was still intact and they never thought the day would come when she’d leave and his daughter would take to some weirdo and then he’d strip the house down to its bare bones and they’d take off to Chicago. 
But here they were.
“He’s a drifter,” Daryl started rambling. “I can tell – I’ve seen that shadowy look in his eyes before when I worked at a bar a long time ago before you were even thought of. Guys like him comin’ in, all runnin’ from something – hiding. Trust me. Ever hear of Ottis Toole? Henry Lee Lucas?”
“Are they members of Lynyrd Skynyrd?” she quipped. 
Daryl’s body shook with angry laughter. 
“Such a wise ass,” he mumbled. 
He really wanted to hit her. He held off though. 
They stopped at a gas station because Dayne got her period – as if the day couldn’t get worse – and then they got back on the road and eventually Daryl pulled into the vast parking lot of a Guitar Center. Its giant red lettering against the stucco of the one-story building faced all of the empty parking spaces. Dayne was amazed there was a Guitar Center in Fairfax, Virginia. It was randomly placed between a grocery store and a trailer park. 
Daryl parked the jeep and looked at her.
“I told you I would buy you a new guitar. Any guitar you want.” He raised his hands from the steering wheel, gesturing like he had the world in his hands to give to her. “Come on, kid.” He sounded so heroic. He made small talk with Tony, who wanted to go in and look too.
Dayne got out of the car only because lately she’d been obsessing over starting a punk band in Chicago. One half of her Gemini brain wanted to be a folk singer and the other, a loud Courtney Love in your face singer. Chicago seemed like the type of place to do the latter. 
As they entered the guitar shop, Tony’s hand clamped down on Dayne’s dainty shoulder and she shrugged it away and made eye contact with the bearded guy behind the counter. He came right over.
She gave him a sly smile. 
“Where are your Fenders?” she asked.
“I’ll show you!” he cheered. He led them around a huge drum kit placed randomly in the middle of the aisle. After taking them on a zigzag path to a wall of gorgeous electric guitars, he turned to Dayne.
Dayne, who didn’t like Tony, pointed at him and told the sales guy in all seriousness, “And he wants to see your banjos.”
“Oh…” the sales guy was aloof. “I don’t think we have those anymore.”
“She’s joking,” Tony said, not amused.
The sales guy nodded and turned his attention back to Dayne. Honestly, he’d never seen a prettier girl in his whole life – not even in the movies. And when it came to Daryl and Tony, he’d never seen any creepier, not even in horror films.
“What color?” he asked Dayne.
“I want a Fender Mustang with racing stripes,” she said, first of all. Daryl realized she must have been thinking about getting an electric guitar for sometime now. 
Dayne wanted pale blue until she saw the red one hanging on the wall. It reminded her of autumn – of the deepest color of red. Sinful, lucious, bold.
“That one,” she pointed to it.  
“Cool!” the guy eagerly got her the guitar. It was the most expensive they had. That was also why Dayne chose it – if her dad was going to pay for this morning, he was going to pay. 
“I’m starting a punk band,” Dayne told the sales guy, with vengeful cheeriness. “You know, the kind where the singer writes songs about her hot boyfriends and girlfriends and how much her dad sucks?”
Daryl was right behind her, hearing every word.
“Oh!” the sales guy laughed nervously. “Well…” he turned to look at Dayne. Her eyes beamed with determination. “Would you like to try it out?” he asked. “We have a soundproof room, a lot of people like to play around with it and make sure it’s a good fit.”
“Cool,” Dayne said. 
She followed him into the room and sat on a stool while he plugged the guitar in for her and let her be. Dayne played around with the instrument, touching it like a nervous lover.
“Oh shit,” Dayne laughed out loud when a ferocious sound took over the room. She loved how loud and disruptive the guitar was. It was like the guitar was speaking for her, expressing all of her hidden rage and disappointment.  
Dayne played harder, plucking the cords so the guitar made sounds like electric cats fucking. 
Then she started to sing, “I got my head but my head is unraveling...can’t keep control can’t keep track of where it’s traveling…”
Dayne chewed her lip for a second. Then she emerged from the room with her new friend. 
“I want this one,” she exclaimed. She held the guitar above her so no one could take it away.
“Excellent!” the sales guy replied in a Bill & Ted voice.
Two minutes later Daryl was signing a credit card receipt for a thousand dollars and Dayne had her new toy.
“Give ‘em hell in Chicago, kid,” the sales guy winked at her. “Melt their faces off.”
“Yeah, cool,” Dayne snickered. On her way out, she snatched a Rolling Stone magazine without anyone noticing.

THAT SAME DAY
Leslie Nichols couldn’t wait for work to be over with so she could get to him. Benny Dean was a yummy snack she met on a previous trip to the Outer Banks, to get away from Daryl. She couldn’t stand to be around him anymore. He stopped bathing, stopped working. He did nothing but stay in his “study” listening to records and talking to some new friend he called Fred. Sometimes Leslie wondered if he was really on the phone with anyone or if he was talking to himself – if he’d just lost his entire mind.
Dayne would be fine. Leslie always believed that. She grew like a weed and had a great talent for singing. She was lucky, she was beautiful. She was going to be one of those tortured souls, no doubt, but she’d make it to the top and everyone would know her name before she disappeared or died at twenty-seven. It sounded harsh but Leslie already accepted all of this.
Leslie believed that one day she’d fly off to L.A. to see Dayne perform and they’d catch up afterwards at some bar, maybe even Cafe Largo on Fairfax. It would be fantastic, Leslie truly believed. Dayne would be fine. And there was no point in trying to get through that thick head of hers. Dayne was going to do whatever she wanted to do and it was laughable to watch Daryl try and change that. He’d have more luck changing the color of the sky. 
Leslie approached the hotel around sundown. Benny was twenty-one years old and loved older women, especially those with money. He’d been looking for a sugar mama for a while, so Leslie traded in her actual mother duties when it came to Dayne to take care of Benny and got great sex in return.  
She parked in the giant parking lot and made one more call to a client before she was officially done with work for the day. She worked for Sun and Beach Realty. Getting into real estate was the smartest thing she ever did. She gazed up at the top floor of the hotel where their suite was. This was one of those new luxury beachfront hotels that had recently opened in the Outer Banks. From the highway, the front of the building, with all of its little balconies, looked like a row of ice trays. It was plain white except for the black awning over the outdoor patio of the restaurant, constantly whipping around in the breeze. 
Because she sold the owner his home two years ago, he gave Leslie a nice rate on her stay. He didn’t bother meddling either – it was none of his business if she wanted to carry on with a much younger guy. Benny’s house was too messy (typical young guy who owned one towel, never had any toilet paper and no taste in furniture) so she was paying a fortune for them to stay here. So Daryl would have to find his own way soon. She was cutting him off.   
Leslie got out of her car and rushed up to the room. Benny was standing in the corner, finishing a cigarette. He worked part time at the headshop. Today was one of his days off. 
“How’d it go?” he asked. She could smell the sunscreen on him from the door. The TV was on but not turned up very loud. The room presented a pleasant relaxing atmosphere. 
“Uh, showing but no buyer.” She didn’t want to talk about work. She didn’t want to talk. “Take your shirt off,” she said, almost saying ‘why are you wearing a shirt?’ instead. He was her boy, he should be naked all the time. 
Benny reached down and pulled the shirt up over his head and there was his stellar physique on display. His dirty-blonde hair was wavy and in his face. He had beach hair. He surfed this morning and hadn’t bothered to shower yet. Dirty boy, she thought. He had sky-blue eyes that made it easy to forgive him for anything. Lately he’d been sporting a goatee. The second best thing Leslie had ever done, right after getting into real estate, was him. 
Benny wasn’t very tall. He was barely 5'8. Leslie was 6'1, leggy with long blonde hair. It shouldn’t be a surprise to find out how gorgeous Dayne was after seeing Leslie. Benny fell in love with Leslie the day she walked into his head shop and bought a tie-dye dress to stroll around in on her days off. She’d said, “I just need something that flows, you know, but doesn’t make me look matronly,” and he’d said, “You could never look matronly.” He had a shy smile but there was something naughty about it too. Three hours later they were fucking beneath the boardwalk.
She stared at him from across the hotel room. He stood there, his shirt off, waiting for further instructions. His chinos rode low on his hips. His happy trail disappeared into them.  
“Fuck me good and I’ll buy you dinner,” Leslie laid down the law.
“Oh is that how it works?” Benny grinned as she ran her hand through his hair. A bunch of sand fell out of it. The smell of the Summer Rain incense he burned in his store clung to his pants. She glanced down at the stuff on the round glass table - a smoothie and a magazine. 
“What’s this?” she flipped the magazine over. The backside showed a bench on a beach. It was a summer vacation advertisement for the Outer Banks. The front showed a busty redhead dangling a cherry over her lips, holding the stem between her fingers. Her fingernails were the same red as the cherry and her painted lips. 
“Porn?” Leslie said in that disappointed mother tone Benny loved. She picked the magazine up and waved it around. “This is what you’ve been doing all day? Looking at porn?” 
“Yeah. Please don’t be mad, mom,” he begged, definitely wanting to play.
“You’re such a bad boy,” she said, looking him over. “Maybe if you weren’t so bad, I wouldn’t always be so upset.” 
“Please, I’m sorry.” He begged for forgiveness. Those blue eyes and boyish pout would get it every time. 
But he was still getting punished.
“Shut up! Get on your knees.”
He did as she said, getting on his knees in front of her, his hair in his face. Two sparkling blue eyes looking up at her from behind his dirty blonde strands. 
She was practically drooling. Benny had the best body – that nice young, toned surfer bod. He had a tattoo of an upside down cross on his left bicep. He used to be into satanic stuff but made a promise to her that he was over it now. He no longer met friends in graveyards at three in the morning, he no longer wore eyeliner. He even retired the low-hanging wallet chain that used to bang against everything whenever he walked around.
Leslie honestly didn’t care either way. He could sacrifice chickens and worship the devil all day long as long as she could still fuck him. 
She ran her hand down his ripped torso and over the crotch of his jeans. He was hard and ready to go. Benny was always horny. He had a sea of raging testosterone in him at all times. He liked older women. He liked younger women. All women were fine with him.
“I had the day off,” he said, his eyes closing as he felt her hand run along his dick. He sighed as she ran her other hand along his lips and back through his hair, causing more sand to fall from it. He started to touch himself, wanting to take his cock out of his pants. Just a boy wanting to play with his most prized possession. 
“NO!” Leslie shouted, smacking his hand away with the rolled up magazine. “Behind your back.” 
He placed his hands against his lower back and hung his head in submission. The pose was impossibly hot and Leslie took a few minutes to appreciate it.  
Benny felt the cold metal of the cuffs against his skin and made a sound of dread in the back of his throat. He kept his head down. She made sure the cuffs were sturdy. She didn’t have to spring the ratchet so far, but this was punishment. He wasn’t supposed to be comfortable. The cuffs pinched at his skin as he kept his head hung, now rendered helpless.
Leslie sighed as she stared down at him. She ran her hand along the front of his pants where his cock was troubled and sprung. She kissed him on his forehead and felt some more sand between her fingers.
“Are you gonna be a good boy from now on?” she asked. Her tone was soft and nurturing that time.
“Yes, yes,” he hurriedly replied.
“Because when you jerk off all day this is what happens. Look at you, you can’t even touch yourself.”
“I know…” he mumbled and said something else she couldn’t understand. She ran her hand through his hair, placing it behind his ear. 
“Shh,” she told him, reviewing his face. Dear God, he was perfect. Like she tried to explain to her sister June, he was worth leaving her family for. He was irresistible. 
He tried to move his wrists but it was impossible. His cock throbbed like it had some ultimate plan to bust out of his pants on its own and take over this woman. 
Leslie walked away, leaving him in peril while she went to grab a clean white towel from the bathroom. She took her time, dallying, but eventually she went back and placed the towel over the floor and got on her knees in front of him. 
“Shh,” she said, running her hand through his hair and then down his perfect body to his pants, tugging on the top button.
“Oh,” he moaned excitedly, dying for a tug, dying for the touch of her hand against him.
But first, “Say you’re sorry,” she demanded, pausing after the first button. 
“I’m sorry. Please, please…” he slid some on his knees to get closer to her, begging for relief. 
“Shh,” she told him again, holding his face between her hands and kissing him. “Be a good boy,” she said, pushing his curls out of his face. “Yeah?”
“Yes, I promise, just please take me out of my pants.”
She ran the back of her hand along his bicep, where the upside down cross tattoo was. He really was a bad boy. She wondered what all he did a year ago, before he claimed to have settled down and got a job and his own place.
“Say please again,” she instructed.
He shut his eyes and begged with all he had, “Please.” 
She gave a dark laugh and gave him the mercy of unbuttoning another button, but it was also torture at the same time. A tease. She felt the head of his cock pressing against the zipper of his jeans in anticipation. She kissed him on the lips. He got feisty and tried to bite and she slapped him hard across the face. He hung his head in shame. His boyish bowlcut flopped around so she couldn’t see his face.
“You don’t know how to behave!”
“Please, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Now he sounded sincere. He was so beautiful. And so boyish – probably because he was practically still a boy. 
She kissed him again, stroking the tip of his cock with her fingers. He sighed into her mouth as she stroked him, her finger running over the tip of his penis, and he moaned again. She kissed him really hard as she undid the third button of his dirty chinos, feeling his warm cock and yearning to have it inside of her. His head fell in sweet pleasure as he pleaded, “Oh please.” He looked down at his cock like it was a blessing and a curse.
He started panting as she curled her hand into a loose fist and slid it over the head of his cock all the way down to his balls and back up, giving him loving strokes and kissing him. 
Then she pulled away, leaving him high and dry. Pretty desperation lit up his Carolina-blue eyes. She looked at his pierced nipples. Since he worked at a head shop where they did body piercings in the back, he decided to get both nipples pierced. She had to talk him out of getting his dick pierced. “Don’t do it, it’s so beautiful, don’t mess it up,” she told him. And he listened, like a good boy. 
His little pink nipples were pierced with little silver barbells. She played with them, sending waves of pain and pleasure through his body.
“You like that don’t you?” she asked in a lusty voice. 
“Yes…”
“What is wrong with you?” she berated him.
“I don’t know, I’m sorry...” The pain in his voice was genuine. Benny probably had a bad childhood so for a while he turned to Satan.
But again she didn’t care.
He felt her soft willing hand go down his pants again and he moaned like crazy. It was the pain mostly that did it. Leslie’s perfect teeth pulling on those little barbells. His head rolled back and his hair slipped away, revealing the beauty of his face. 
She maneuvered around, slipping her panties down and straddling him so he was inside of her. They sighed with simultaneous relief, and both of her hands got lost in his hair as she felt him glide up inside of her and he kissed her neck, smelling the faint scent of perfume she’d put on this morning. 
He glided his way up, inserting what she referred to as “the magic inches,” the inches that drove her straight to the stars with a heavenly orgasm. 
“Oh...oh god…” he moaned as he came seconds after her. He held out as long as he could, always making sure she came. Or else, no dinner.
She got off of him and left him there, his cock deflated and all slug-like and gooey. The sun was going down. They both had post-sex grins on their faces like they were drunk. They felt like they’d shot up over the moon and came back down to earth, now extremely hungry.
“How was that? Was it fancy dinner-worthy?” he asked, hopeful. He was still handcuffed.
“Yes,” she said. “Wanna check out that new pizza place?”
He nodded and gave her a sweet smile, his lips pressed together. She went over and undid the handcuffs.


Daryl was sweating over the Fender purchase. What had he done? Leslie gave him enough to rent the condo and buy food for him and Dayne for the next month and he just basically spent it. Maybe they could move in with June if things got real bad.
To make matters worse he’d had an intense talk with Tony on the way out:
“Why the hell’d you do that for,” asked Tony.
“I felt bad for hitting her,” Daryl replied.
“So? She’s a brat. You gotta punish her sometimes. Then you buy her a fucking guitar? For what? For being a brat?”
“Now I’m broke,” Daryl admitted and he gave Tony a look that Tony recognized all too well by now.
“I can’t give you any more money. Unless you give me Dayne. I’ll certainly discipline her so she won’t be acting up anymore,” he laughed.
Daryl didn’t respond. He just got in the U-Haul and started driving.
Dayne flipped through the Rolling Stone magazine about ten times before tossing it in the back and staring out of the window. Buying her a brand new electric guitar didn’t seem to change her mood whatsoever.
Daryl glanced at the dominating Longhorn Steakhouse sign facing the highway. Tony had just honked and pointed at it but Daryl wasn’t in the mood. Unless Tony planned on paying. 
Tony pulled into the parking lot and Daryl turned around in a Wendy’s parking lot and pulled in and parked the truck.
Tony came over, the sun beaming down on his baldhead.
“Let’s go you two, dinner’s on me!” his friendliness had an aggression to it. Dayne sat in the car, still as a rock. 
“Dayne,” Daryl snapped after he got out and waited for her. She could feel another big scene coming on, but it was as if she’d left her body and could no longer control anything. All she knew was she couldn’t move, couldn’t listen to this man one minute longer. 
He slammed the door and marched around to the passenger’s side and a smile blossomed on her face when he tugged on the door handle to find the door locked. Then she leaned over and locked his door. The brilliance of it all was he’d left the keys in the car because that was the kind of stuff that stupid hotheads did. She locked all the doors and to ruffle more of his feathers, she sat behind the wheel and acted like she was about to start the truck and he went mad. Straight mad. She imagined driving off with all of their things and starting a new life somewhere when he slammed his fist through the driver’s side window and chunks of glass sprayed her legs. She screamed and got out and looked down at the blood that had suddenly appeared on her legs. They’d also gained an audience. Everyone in the parking lot was staring at them.
“I hate you,” Dayne swore. “I fucking hate you so much.”
“Oh! She speaks!” Daryl’s body shook with dark joy. “Now get your slutty ass in there and act like you can appreciate someone taking you out to eat!” He swung his arm to point at the steakhouse. Dayne stood there in the hot sun, tears streaming down her cheeks and blood running down her legs. 
“We don’t have to do this,” a shocked Tony said. “Really, we can just stop a drive-thru.” Which will be very easy for you to do now since you don’t even have to roll the window down, he thought.
But Dayne had gone into Longhorn. She whipped the door open to find herself stumbling into the waiting area where three different families stared at her as they waited for tables. The AC felt good. They were playing Hank Williams Jr. “Mama was pretty reckless and I guess that’s why I’m so wild, that’s my mama sittin’ over there in back of you.”
Everyone in the waiting area looked so normal and wholesome and there she was, her tits showing through the slip dress, blood running down her legs and a bruise on the side of her mouth. Then the bewildered hostess stared at her.
“Can I use your bathroom?” Dayne asked, trying to hold back the next raging river of tears.
The hostess held back on giving her the “restrooms are for customers only” speech because Dayne looked so troubled.
“This way,” the hostess just said, leading her down a wide hallway to the ladies room. She asked no questions to Dayne’s relief and Dayne went into the restroom and locked the door and burst into tears.


They approached Lake Shore Drive about ten hours later. It was dark and everyone was tired. Too tired to fight. The black trash bag that had replaced the window flapped around in the city’s angry wind. 
Dayne stared out at the lake, which seemed too close to everything else. She found it bizarre how close it was to the expressway. That wasn’t how it was supposed to be – there was supposed to be trees around it, it was supposed to be serene, not just thrown into the mix of hectic city life. It didn’t make sense to her. 
She turned her head and looked in the other direction. The highrise their condo was in faced the lake. Their unit was on the 12th floor. It was a two-bedroom. They’d have a maid, central air and heat, two bathrooms, a modernized kitchen and a balcony. That was how the real estate agent described it to Daryl, in her fresh uppity tone of voice that made the place sound life-changing. She reminded him of Leslie. Leslie was so great at her job. How her high heels clacked against the shiny polished floor of whatever place she was showing off to a potential client, her hair done up in a perky ponytail, long slim legs in sheer stockings. 
Daryl had never been great at anything. He was a bartender and for a couple of years he owned his own restaurant but it went out of business and ever since he relied on Leslie, which was never good for his self esteem and when he felt belittled he took it out on other people, which made him suck even more.
The Empyrean had a black vertical sign on the side with large bold black lettering spelling out the name. There were two gargoyles crouched on the roof. There were intimidating looking doormen standing outside the front of the building. To Dayne, it looked more like a hotel than a home. 
If this was Pinewood, there would be nothing but bugs flying around the front porchlight of their apartment. There would be no weird muscular men to pass on her way in. This was not a home, she decided as they pulled into the parking lot. And furthermore, she didn’t want a home ever again if she would just have to be ripped away from it. She’d be like Tyler – a nomad. Nothing to lose. 
Dayne got out of the jeep with her new electric guitar and grabbed the only box she cared about (the one with her posters and CDs) and headed to the entrance. She ignored the scary looking doorman but checked out the hot girl barreling towards her. She had on very short daisy dukes with fishnet stockings underneath, a ripped up Dead Kennedys shirt and short spiky black hair. She was also carrying a guitar. She had her eyebrow pierced and wore mud-brown lipstick. She smelled like shoe polish. They glanced at each other curiously before going their separate ways. She went out the door and into a taxi and Dayne walked towards the elevator.
The lobby of The Empyrean was spacious. Framed pictures of Navy Pier glowing at night lined the walls and there was bright orange leather furniture everywhere. The bold scent of coffee came down the carpeted hallway. There was a Jumping Bean Coffee Shop inside the lobby. There was also a pool and a gym. She supposed it was a very nice place but she didn’t care. Because it was missing a few things – like her mom and Tyler and Tiffany. 
They got on the elevator. Daryl probably thought Dayne’s quiet was a silent treatment, but she simply had nothing to say to him for the rest of her life. 
That evening was quiet, filled only with the sounds of boxes opening and Daryl listening to the news. It was strange to hear a reporter talking about things happening in a big city Dayne was so unfamiliar with: A stabbing in Edgewater. A woman from Lake County still missing. Cloudy tomorrow and a chance of rain this weekend.
Dayne occupied herself with getting used to her room. Daryl let her have the room with the balcony that offered the view of Lake Shore Drive. She didn’t care right then though. She was too busy pinning the picture of Jewel from the Rolling Stone magazine to her wall. Then she gazed out of her window at the glow of nighttime traffic along Lake Shore Drive. She decided she’d walk over to the water and try and write a song. Or write something. Then she’d call The Sundown Motel.
She walked through the pedestrian tunnel to the lake. The breeze picked up. The air was warm; sultry even. She sat in the swing and stared out at the water and was finally able to catch her breath. 
She went home and showered. The cuts on her legs stung. She made an ice pack for her face and lied in her strange room, eventually falling to sleep.


Maggie
FRIDAY MAY 23RD, 1997
17 year-old Maggie Mishap was in bed, having the best dream of her life. She was in the aisle of a grocery store looking for spaghetti sauce and the singer of Pearl Jam, Eddie Vedder, was right there, reaching up for a can of Ragu sauce. He turned to look at her, his awesome long hair slipping over the shoulder of his tired green shirt, when her radio alarm clock went off. No Doubt suddenly blared, “Sorry I’m not home right now, I’m walking into spiderwebs, so leave a message and I’ll call you back...a likely story…”
Maggie reached out to hit the snooze button and knocked a few things off the bedside table in the process. She tried but she knew she wouldn’t fall back asleep. She certainly wouldn’t be able to return to that awesome dream. It was ruined, and a new day was slowly seeping in, brightening up the corners of her bedroom with sunshine.
She offered herself a few minutes to lie there and do nothing else besides accept the fact that she had to go to school. If she missed the bus, her mom would have to get up and she’d just gotten home from an all nighter at the hospital. 
Maggie carefully placed her feet on the floor, skipping the spots that creaked. Once she was in the kitchen, she took down a box of Fruity Pebbles. There wasn’t much left and the Meshaps were so poor she had to eat “cereal dust” (the remnants of the cereal left at the bottom) before they splurged on a new box. 
She stood there and dug her hand into the box and placed the cereal in her mouth while she thought about Eddie Vedder in the pasta aisle in those snug jeans, that unruly hair, that handsome jawline. Maggie couldn’t really take it anymore. Her crush on him was enormous and obviously he’d never be her boyfriend. It was time to surrender the fantasy. 
She didn’t have a clue about sex except from what she heard from the more experienced girls at school. Did it hurt? Yes. Did it also feel good? Yes. And all Maggie could think was how could it feel like both of those things at the same time?
You are not going to lose your virginity to Eddie Vedder, Maggie, and you are all out of Fruity Pebbles. 
She put the box down and opened a can of Foldgers. After starting the coffee, she placed her foot on the first step of the stairs when her one-month old kitten poked her head out from behind the couch and let out a pitchy meow.
“I’ll feed you in a bit, Lola,” she whispered to the charcoal-grey kitten before heading back upstairs.
She stood on the soft pink bathroom rug and began washing her face. Just two more weeks left of school before she graduated. It was hard to believe the day was finally almost here. She turned eighteen two months ago, on March 15th. There was no party. Maggie didn’t have a lot of friends. Her shyness got in the way. She could also feel disappointment radiating off of her mother because she hadn’t picked out a college yet and none of them had picked her. 
To celebrate her birthday, her mom allowed them to order takeout. They had Chinese food and watched Maggie’s favorite movie, Singles. Her mom, exhausted from her job, fell asleep halfway through it.
The vision of her graduation hat flying up towards the clear blue sky constantly ran through her head. Then what? The most she could afford was a community college. She’d spend this summer at home, reading in the garden. She’d live vicariously through the characters in a Christopher Pike book. She’d get to spend more time with Lola. Beyond that, she had no summer plans besides sleeping late every single day.
She stood over the sink like a zombie, letting the steam kiss her face as the hot water poured. Maggie Meshap was not a morning person. Or an afternoon person. Possibly she was a night person but her life hadn’t taken off in a way that would prove it. 
She looked in the mirror and told herself, “Two more weeks, you can do it. Two more weeks and then...and then...who knows. But you won’t have to see Rocky Normandy ever again. Ever.” 
She washed her face with Noxzema then she patted her face dry with her favorite towel. Her face felt fresh and tingly. She didn’t bother with makeup, only face cream. Maggie had freckles and she was proud of them. The only thing she bothered with was her hair because she had thick nut-brown curls. It was a trait handed down by her mother. Sophie’s hair was always a frizzy nightmare. She never bothered with her hair beyond placing some bobby pins in it for work. And it took an army of bobby pins to manage it. 
Maggie used a bit of hair gel and that was it. Next she squeezed the life out of the tube of toothpaste to get enough to do the job. She was so tired of having to use the very last of everything before buying a replacement.
She looked in the mirror as she started brushing her teeth. Maybe he wouldn’t be there today. Maybe Rockford “Rocky” Normandy had an accident at work and would be in the hospital for the rest of the month. Maybe she’d never see him again for the rest of her life.
But she had a gut feeling he’d be there in his same Megadeth t-shirt, while his piercing blue eyes looked out from behind his greasy black hair as she walked into 5th Period. A sharp grin would form on his doughy face as he thought of new ways to bully her. Why was he so mean to her? Because he chose to be. Because he just could be. Because boys got away with everything at Tafford High. 
One day last year he just started following her down the hall and as she turned to walk down the stairs, he pushed her so hard she nearly fell down the cement staircase. If it wasn’t for popular cheerleader Meredith Holt, she would have. Meredith somehow caught Maggie by her arm in the knick of time, using all that muscle she got doing pyramids and flipping girls up in the air and catching them, to pull Maggie back from a fall that could have killed her. 
Because of Maggie’s slightly geeky girl-next-door appearance, Rocky constantly made fun of her. He saw her as an easy target because she was shy and always alone, always tugging her stubborn big curls behind her ears as she walked down the hall, all alone in her geek-dom. 
She went back downstairs for some coffee, careful to not wake her mom up. She added toothpaste and face wash to the grocery list on the fridge and put it back under the ancient watermelon magnet. She saw her mom briefly on the weekends when they took a trip to the grocery store. Maggie’s father was Mr. Nowhere Man. She’d never met him and her mom said he wasn’t worth mentioning. 
She poured some coffee into a mug and looked over at Lola, happy to see the kitten was relaxing on the couch instead of hiding behind it. Lola was quite timid.
“Hey there!” Maggie beamed. “Wanna eat?”
Lola just stared at her and her little fuzzy ears drew back like always. Maggie placed a plate of food out for her and she hesitated before leaping off the couch to eat. Maggie went back to her room to dress. Over the last couple of months, her breasts had grown gigantic. She’d gone from C to D cups and it forced her mom to splurge on a new bra. Maggie put her bra on, fitting her big freckled tits in the cups. Then she pulled on her most comfortable pair of jeans. She decided on which pair of shoes to wear. She had an entirety of two pairs to choose from – a pair of faded black Chuck Taylors or her tired Mary Jane ballerina shoes, the ones with the buckle over the top of the foot. There was a hole in the toe. She took them, buckled them on and finally reached for her favorite top. It was made of 100 percent cotton. It was blue with a pattern of airplanes to resemble planes flying in a blue sky. It was a button-down. It sort of looked like a pajama top. It had five pale blue plastic buttons going down the middle. It used to have six, but Rocky cut one off with his pocketknife one horrific day when he followed her into the bathroom. She hadn’t heard him for some reason, hadn’t heard the big wooden door swing so far back that it hit the wall. That happened a lot – so much that there was a dent in the wall from the door hitting it.  
She turned and saw him and backed away until she hit the wall and he stood right in front of her. He held the pocketknife to her throat so the blade’s tip was inches away from her flesh. She was convinced he was going to rape her. He took the knife and ran it along the buttons that intruded the airplane pattern so some of the planes were cut in half. Then he plucked the top button off and, like she was some personal savior of hers, Meredith Holt plowed through the door in her cheerleader outfit with her two-thirty pm energy and screamed when she saw a boy in the girls room. Rocky left but not without giving Meredith his usual threatening sneer. 
Right after Rocky walked out, Maggie went through awkward small talk with the most popular girl in school.
“How’s it going? You okay?” Meredith asked.
“Yeah,” Maggie lied. 
“I’m so sick of cheerleading. The only good thing is we get out of last period early. Are you in any sports?”
Maggie felt like saying, ‘Yes, I’m currently competing to be the loneliest girl in the world.’ Instead she gave a simple, “No.”
“You should be!” Meredith replied, playing with her hair. “The more you’re in the spotlight, the more jerks like Rocky leave you alone. Why do you think regular people are murdered more than famous people? Bye!” 
Maggie tugged on the shirt to make it cover her belly button but it was a losing battle. 
Even if Maggie wanted to play sports, she didn’t have an athletic bone in her body. And the thought of going on a bus to an away-game instead of spending time reading in the garden with Lola by her feet seemed so displeasing. 
She let the shirt rise and do its thing and tried not to think about the fact that she’d have to retire it soon. She had five minutes to get to the bus stop. 
“Bye Lola,” Maggie told the kitten on her way out.


Final Warning
Dayne placed her eyes on the girl with freckles and big tits sitting four desks back before she started her introduction to Mrs. Wihelm’s english class. She’d gone to the principal’s office and put in a request because her previous english teacher was making everyone read The Fountainhead. Clearly by the looks of things (girl with freckles and big tits) she’d made the right choice.
“Hello, I’m Dayne Nichols and, um…” she looked at the busty girl in the airplane top and she smiled at her and Dayne smiled back. “I’m from North Carolina. I’m a singer.” And that was when everyone except Maggie laughed.
Maggie was hotter than the black-haired girl Dayne saw coming out of The Empyrean. Plus Maggie didn’t wear any makeup – none of that muddy looking lipstick or clumpy eyeliner. Maggie had a very wholesome, sweet appearance. The softest dewy skin. The way she sat there in that airplane shirt which was a bit small on her but in an endearing orphan-looking way, not a slutty way, was very sexy. 
Once the girls laid eyes on each other, their day was rescued from complete boredom. Dayne didn’t pay attention to the kids laughing at her. Summer was almost here, no one cared who she was or where she was from. They just wanted summer to start. 
Maggie cared though. The second Dayne walked in in that weird white slip dress, black Doc Martens and yellow-striped tube socks pulled to her knees, Maggie felt her world change. The dress had been a find at a thrift store in Pinewood called Lucky Penny. She’d been on one of her excursions with Tiffany, buying hair dye and blasting Alanis Morrisette. The dress looked tattered and tired, but the three yellow stripes on her socks were bright like the sun. The combination was so punk. Maggie was smiling again and she didn’t even realize it. 
Dayne’s appearance caught everyone off guard. She obviously wasn’t wearing a bra. The straps of the dress were frayed and reminded Maggie of the tattered lace of some tragic poet or an orphan who barely escaped a fire before her orphanage burned down. Then there was the drawing of the smiling skull on her arm that looked just like Layne Staley’s tattoo. Was that on purpose? Maggie wondered. Was it a real tattoo? Did she have the same tattoo as the singer of Alice In Chains?
“Okay, dear,” Mrs. Wilhelm said, befuddled, as she put her hands on Dayne’s dainty shoulders and ushered her off to her desk. She’d brought her acoustic guitar with her instead of the shiny new Fender. The acoustic was her first love. She’d had it since she was fourteen. Her Aunt June bought it for her at a yard sale. The Nichols’ were full of eccentric artsy people, but she’d be damned if not one of them was going to succeed. So June decided she’d do all she could to nurture Dayne’s artistic side. The guitar was just setting in the yard between a box of forgotten stuffed animals and dishware with images of Paris on them. Most things were two dollars. The guitar was fifteen. It was a Yamaha. It was charming. It was a little banged up but played just fine. It was a steal, as June would say. Even to this day, she talked about finding it.
“Ouch!” Meredith Holt cried out when Dayne accidentally banged her knee with the guitar. Dayne didn’t seem to notice. 
She took the desk right in front of Rocky’s, stretching her long legs out as much as she could in the small space provided. Maggie’s mouth dropped open to warn her about the mean boy sitting behind her but no words came out. She was too enamored by Dayne’s beauty. So was Rocky. He stared at the back of Dayne’s blonde haired-head like it was a tropical island he’d never be able to afford to visit. Maggie couldn’t stop staring at her either. She was freakishly beautiful. Those long legs, those sharp cheekbones, those blazing green eyes, those pouty lips. She was like a rock star and model rolled into one. The only flaw Maggie could find was a slight mark on Dayne’s face where a bruise was fading.
Dayne had noticed Rocky when she first walked in. His chubby chest was wrapped tightly in an old Megadeth shirt that was too small on him. The words Countdown to Extinction were printed across the bottom. His black stringy hair hung in his face. He had a round face like a girl’s, and frighteningly pale skin which his dyed black hair only accentuated. 
Maggie took a deep breath, vowing to somehow protect Dayne from Rocky’s bullying. Of course this meant she’d have to work up the nerve to talk to her first.
Dayne turned and suddenly smiled at Maggie. It was a small but wicked smile.
“Hey,” she said. 
Maggie smiled back. 
“Hello,” Maggie managed to muster. 
Dayne liked Maggie’s freckles. It looked like someone had spilled cinnamon all over her face. She also liked the way Maggie was dressed. It was so downplayed, so girl-next-door with a dash of country. She looked down at Maggie’s baby doll shoes and the humbling hole in the toe. Then her eyes traveled back to Maggie’s tits. Then her soft, dewy complexion. Then at her big happy curls. Then at her blue eyes, which reminded Dayne of the sky in the morning when the day felt fresh and hopeful. 
“How’s your day going?” Dayne asked.
“Um, okay so far,” Maggie said, falling into Dayne’s green eyes. “Yours?”
Rocky listened closely, like an actor whose line was coming up soon. 
“I had a dream about Eddie Vedder this morning,” Maggie confessed.
Dayne’s bright green eyes expanded. “Ooooh! Dude, if I had a dream about Kurt Cobain I’d be so fucking happy.”
“It wasn’t like a wet dream or anything,” Maggie made sure to say, like she was afraid her innocent reputation would be tarnished. 
Rocky frowned intensely as he followed the conversation.
“Oh that’s too bad,” Dayne said. Maggie giggled after a minute and felt her cheeks burn. 
Then Rocky said in a low, scratchy voice, “Eddie Vedder’s a fag.”
The girls ignored him.
“I really like your shoes,” Maggie pointed to Dayne’s shiny black Doc Martens.
“Oh thanks!”
“Girls!” Mrs. Wilhelm snapped from where she was setting up the overhead projector. It was the first time Maggie had ever gotten in trouble, the first time she didn’t feel invisible. Maggie was thrilled. She tried to chew away the big grin on her face with her perfect teeth. Then she looked at Dayne to find her still staring at her, that smirk still there.  
She gave Dayne a lip-biting grin and Dayne winked. Then she leaned in to whisper, “You know you can always make a dream dirty, just fantasize about what you wanted to happen.”
“Yeah,” Maggie said, “Or write about it.”
“Girls!” Mrs. Wilhelm called out. “This is your final warning.”
Maggie was ecstatic. She never got a final warning. 
“Where’d you get your shoes?” Maggie whispered to Dayne, ignoring the teacher’s warning. 
“Pinewood,” Dayne said. “The shopping center. They were fucking torture to break in.”
“Where’s Pinewood?”
“North Carolina,” Dayne said in her southern accent.
“Oh right.”
“I’ve got scars from trying to break them in,” Dayne informed.
“Oh yeah?” Maggie stared at the shiny boots. Maggie never got scars from breaking in shoes because all of her shoes had been bought second-hand.
Rocky leaned forward the second Mrs. Wilhelm started writing something down on the projector board. The back legs of his desk were off the floor and his nose was in Dayne’s soft blonde hair. It smelled like citrus. It was a nice scent. It reminded him of the dishwashing soap his mom used before she split. 
“Who the fuck do you think you are?” Rocky whispered in Dayne’s little ear. “Lilith Fair on crack?” 
Dayne was very familiar with Rocky’s tactic. He liked her but he knew she’d never like him, so he’d just try and make her as miserable as possible.
Dayne almost said, ‘You smell like ham,’ because he did, but she used her number one weapon – she ignored him. That always drove guys nuts. She sat there as unbothered as a fake plant. 
Maggie’s mind switched to the gruesome story of a girl, Laura Kenly, who had been gang-raped at an abandoned drive-in four months ago. She used to go to this school, but after the rape, her family moved her far away. Obviously they couldn’t move her far enough so she’d no longer be in the same world where something like that could happen, but it seemed like they tried. No one knew where her parents had taken her. But she’d been raped so brutally she couldn’t remember her name after. She spent two weeks in the hospital. No one ever found the guys that did it either. Laura couldn’t remember their faces. Or maybe she was too terrified to name them. Maggie had nightmares about Rocky and constantly wondered if he’d been one of the six guys that took part in it.
The old drive-in where the rape occurred, Hawk’s Creek, closed after it happened and never reopened. It was up in Indiana somewhere, its big white screen facing a field of overgrown grass in an empty lot. The swings behind the screen were all rusty. The concession stand was now just a small building with a caved-in roof. The entire property was just a playground for rats now. 
Maggie shuttered and tried to stop thinking about it. The back legs of Rocky’s desk thumped against the floor as he sat back and made a disgruntled sound in the back of his throat. All of the sudden he passed his icy stare to Maggie. Maggie looked away and at the projector screen. They were currently learning about Emily Dickinson. The words “Because I could not stop for death” were written in black sharpie. 


The dismissal bell finally rang and everyone jumped up, bursting with Friday afternoon energy. There was only one more class to get through before they were free for two whole days. 
Maggie didn’t care about that, she just wanted to talk to Dayne. She watched as Dayne placed the strap of her backpack over the frayed lace strap of her dress then grabbed her guitar. She had a million questions to ask her like what kind of guitar that was and what was it like growing up in the south and was that really supposed to look like the tattoo the singer of Alice In Chains had. 
“Is that um…” Maggie couldn’t get the words out. Until Dayne came along, she’d only had a crush on one other girl – Buffy the Vampire Slayer. 
“What?” Dayne waited, her eyes beaming and her lips puckered up in a pout. 
“Your skull on your arm, is it supposed to look like Layne Staley’s?”
“Yeah dude!” Dayne was psyched Maggie got it. “That man is stunning. Anyway, one day it will be a tattoo but until then I draw it on every day.”
“Wow, that’s commitment,” Maggie said.
“Yeah, I have to leave myself an extra fifteen minutes or so in the morning. My dad hates it but I hate my dad so,” she shrugged. “It all works out.”
Maggie wished she knew her dad enough to hate him.
“That’s so cool,” Maggie admired her as they walked out into the hall together. 
“What kind of guitar is that?” Maggie asked next. 
“An acoustic,” Dayne said in that slow southern drawl. Hearing Dayne talk was fun. Maggie never thought such a thing could be fun. 
“Oh cool.” 
“Yeah.” 
Dayne stopped at her locker and tucked some hair behind her ear. She’d let it down in the middle of class. 
The helix, the top part of her ear, was pierced six times with little silver hoops. It reminded Maggie of the wire binding in her notebook.  
“My dad just got me a Fender,” Dayne shared. 
“That sounds expensive,” Maggie commented.
“I mean yeah…” 
“Is that a stratocaster?” Maggie asked, hoping to impress Dayne with her guitar knowledge. 
“Stratocaster is a word old farts like to use,” Dayne said, glancing up at Maggie. “Those old dudes that never got to be rock stars will talk about how they own a stratocaster,” she mimicked an old man’s voice when she said the word, “At some lame barbeque.” Maggie laughed and Dayne grinned and elaborated, “Then they’ll bring it out, right?” Dayne kept giggling, “And start playing some Led Zeppelin song like fucking Stairway To Heaven.” They both laughed. “Anyway, Liz Phair uses a Fender Mustang and so did Kurt,” Dayne stood up and shut her locker. “I mean so fuck it, they’re gods, right?”
“Yeah. Yeah, totally. So who do you have next?” Maggie asked. 
“Mr. Cooke.”
“Mr. Cool,” Maggie said. “That’s what everyone calls him. He’s real mellow.”
Dayne nodded. The girls walked side-by-side down the hall. 
“So how long have you lived in Chicago?” Dayne asked Maggie as they came to the same stairs Rocky tried to push Maggie down. The staircase was crowded with students going in every direction, and bombarded with afternoon sunlight. 
“My whole life,” Maggie said. “But I don’t go out much.”
“Why?” Dayne frowned. 
Maggie shrugged. She was too embarrassed to admit she didn’t have any friends.
“Well, we’ll have to change that,” Dayne said, as if she knew anyway.
The last bell before the tardy bell rang but the girls were still standing at the bottom of the stairs, looking at each other. Dayne noticed a freckle on Maggie’s top lip. It was bigger than all the other ones. 
“I don’t even know your name,” Dayne suddenly realized. 
“Maggie Meshap,” Maggie said. “Everyone calls me Maggie Mishap.”
“Really?” Dayne frowned. “That’s mean.” 
“Well not everyone, but that kid Rocky sitting behind you in english class does.” 
Dayne snorted. “Rocky Balboa has the nerve to pick on you?”
“Yeah right?!” Maggie laughed.
“Look, I’ll see you after school okay?” Dayne said, walking up the steps. Something about her was graceful, something about her was the warm promise Maggie needed in her life.
“Yeah, I’ll come by Mr. Cooke’s class!” Maggie called out. 


The final bell of the school day rang. Normally Maggie would leave through the side exit on the first floor, because she could walk by the band building and not be spotted by Rocky. Today she braved it all and went to the fifth floor where Mr. Cooke’s history class was.
Dayne was still there. When Mr. Cooke first saw her lingering by the door at the beginning of class a week ago, in that spooky white dress, he thought he’d seen a ghost. This was an old building after all. In 1893 until around the year 1940 it served as a prison. Many prisoners were put to death here. A few hung themselves. When Mr. Cooke found out the morbid history of William Tafford High, it thrilled him even more to work there. He was attracted to anything out of the ordinary.
Ever since Dayne’s first day here, he’d been intrigued. 
“Are you finally going to let me see your guitar today?” he asked on her way out. She stopped and looked over at him. He’d asked to see it every day for the last week. It wasn’t even the Fender, it was the banged up acoustic. She imagined the disappointment on his face when she revealed it.
Mr. Cooke had an ease about him. He always leaned against the front of his desk while he taught his class. He rarely sat behind it. He found it more engaging to stand. He wore black slacks and a dress shirt that was either purposefully yellow or it was discolored because it was old. It was that type of sickly yellow. He was forty-one. He wasn’t what you’d consider handsome, but something about his laid-back vibe made him appealing. 
He tossed a penny up in the air as he waited for her answer.
She walked over to his desk. “I really don’t know why you want to see this so bad.” She pushed up the golden latches. “It’s just an old acoustic.”
He stared at her wondrous face as she spoke.
“Those are the best,” he said, clapping his hands together. He looked at the scrunchie in her soft blonde hair. It was the same color of green as the Mustang he drove when he was a teenager.
She pulled the lid back, unearthing this amazing smell of old, sweet wood. Mr. Cooke gazed down at the old Yamaha resting in the purple velvet interior and looked like someone who had just fallen in love for the first time.
“May I?” he held his hands out in hope.
“Uh yeah, sure.” Dayne didn’t get why he was acting so fondly of the guitar. He picked it up and strummed it for a second. 
“I played when I was a kid,” he said, misty-eyed, as he started playing the first few chords of Stairway to Heaven. Dayne tried not to laugh. She looked around the room, twisting her mouth into an odd shape to try and keep a straight face when she saw Maggie standing at the door. She was laughing too.
“Mr. Cooke I have to go,” Dayne said, trying to keep it together.
“Oh…” he placed the guitar back in the case. “Of course. It is Friday after all....you have things to do…” his voice trailed off. 
Dayne picked the guitar up and fled. 


“I NEED A FUCKING DR. PEPPER!” Dayne shouted as the girls headed to the lobby on the first floor. The day was finally over. Dayne had made it through a treacherous week and was going to celebrate with her favorite soda. She saw the vending machine with Dr. Pepper in it and dropped to her knees and started searching her backpack for change. 
“Do you need quar…” Maggie paused mid-sentence when she saw Rocky barreling down the hall. He was joined by his two best friends, Terry and Marcus. 
“Asshole alert,” Maggie said under her breath. 
“Huh?” Dayne looked up at her, frowning because she couldn’t find two measly quarters. 
“You got quarters?” she finally asked Maggie.
“I do,” Rocky said, standing in between them and slipping his hand into the back pocket of his jeans. Then he held his hand over Dayne in a closed fist and when he opened it, nothing fell out of it.  
“You’re such an asshole,” Maggie informed, having enough. She felt like she might explode. Rocky just smirked at her. Then he glanced down at her top.
“Your clothes are too small, Maggie,” he said, his face right in hers. “You’re getting breasts. Can you not even afford a new shirt?”
What about you? Maggie thought about saying. You wear the same shirt every single day. But she didn’t say anything, she just stood there as Marcus and Terry crowded around her, taking part in the harassment. Marcus was the result of an interracial marraige and everyone at Tafford High worshipped him for it, as if he had something to do with his parents meeting at a grocery store long before he was ever conceived. He played basketball and was almost 6'3. People worshipped him for that too. Then there was Terry, who was almost twenty. While Rocky only failed senior year once, Terry had flunked it about three times. He already had a receding hairline. 
Maggie thought about Laura and all the horrible things she went through at that abandoned drive-in. What if three of her attackers were Rocky, Marcus and Terry?
Rocky looked down at Dayne, who was still searching for quarters in the front pocket of her backpack. Something was written on the front of it in black sharpie but Maggie couldn’t read what it was. 
Rocky batted his eyes and mocked her, flipping his hair over his shoulder, “Oh hey, my name’s Dayne, um, like, I’m from, like North Carolina, and um...” 
Dayne ignored him yet again. Terry and Marcus both laughed supportively and when Rocky moved to high-five Terry, Dayne stood up, finally having retrieved her change, and calmly slipped it into the machine. A satisfying thud occurred and she reached up into the bottom compartment to retrieve her soda. 
Maggie stepped back, letting Dayne have her space, and her bottom accidentally brushed against Marcus’s crotch. 
“Oh shit,” Marcus moaned into Maggie’s ear. “That how you feel about me? I didn’t know.” He started to wrap his arm around her when she stepped forward, running into Rocky. Rocky grinned, standing there like a brick wall. He gazed down at her airplane shirt where the missing button had been. Then Dayne pulled the tab back from her Dr. Pepper and dumped the cold soda all over Rocky’s head. Maggie’s jaw dropped and slow laughter trickled out of her as the beverage soaked his shirt and puddled on the floor around his feet. It was by far the coolest thing she’d ever seen.
“Holy shit!” And there was Maggie’s first curse word in months. And she’d gotten called out in english class for being disruptive, too. And now her bully just got served. It had been an historic day in the life of Maggie Meshap. The smile on her face grew enormous.
“You forgot the part about me being a singer,” Dayne said before tossing the empty soda can into the trash and taking Maggie by the hand and pulling her outside. 
Maggie was still laughing as they walked across the front lawn. The American flag whipped around in the demanding wind. It was pretty out, and hot.
Dayne was quite mellow, like she went around all the time and dumped soda on people’s heads. Really, she was just dreading the long drive to Indiana with her father. She glanced over at the jeep where he waited in the pickup zone. 
“That was so...oh my god…” Maggie was still in shock. “No one ever stands up to him,” Maggie said. “Everyone’s afraid of him, even teachers – everybody.” She tried to catch her breath. “Oh my god. I’m sorry,” she said, wanting to get her emotions under control.
Dayne suddenly stopped and took Maggie’s hand.
“Why are you apologizing?” Dayne wanted to know, looking into Maggie’s eyes. “Don’t do that. It makes me furious when girls apologize – why are you apologizing?”
“I’m not, I’m sor…” she started to apologize again for apologizing and realized how ingrained it was in her to apologize, be polite, sit with her knees together, back down, never make anyone uncomfortable. 
Dayne let Maggie’s wrist go but was still looking at her with those sharp green eyes of hers. 
“It’s fucked up, huh?” Dayne said. “Boys are raised to basically be bold and do whatever they want and we’re supposed to dot our i’s and cross out t’s and all of that. I dot my t’s and cross my i’s.”
Maggie smiled. “I like you.”
“I dig you too,” she snickered. “We should hang out. Unfortunately I have to go to my aunt’s house this weekend in fucking Indiana. But I’m gonna give you my number.”
“Oh cool!” Maggie cheered.
Dayne swung her backpack around and took out a cassette tape and Maggie saw what was written on the front pocket of her backpack. It was the name Tiffany with a heart for the letter a. She took out the liner notes from the cassette tape and wrote her phone number down with the same black marker she drew the skull on her arm with.
“Call me tomorrow,” Dayne said, readjusting her backpack strap onto her shoulder. Their parents honked their horns almost simultaneously. 
They glanced at each other again, communicating silently and then they both grinned. Dayne took her hand.
“We’ll spend time together soon,” she squeezed Maggie’s hand as she spoke. “I promise.” Then she trudged off to her dad’s jeep. Maggie watched her, finding the way her dress moved with her hips so appealing.


Maggie situated herself in her mom’s roughed up 1987 Ford Scorpio. It was the color of red wine. It could stand a visit to the car wash. It also had a dent in the passenger side door because someone had ran into Sophie on her way home from work. They didn’t bother to stop and Sophie just accepted it and got on with her life.
The front pickup zone at Tafford High School was very different from the parking lot behind it. They were two different worlds: The ruffians with their own cars parked in the parking lot behind the school next to the gymnasium (like Rocky with his beat up white pickup truck with the Pantera bumper stickers on the back). Then you had the demure front schoolyard kids who got in their parents hooptys or took the bus home, heads hung low in a somber silence.
Maggie glanced at her mom as cigarette smoke filled the car. She looked very tired today. She worked too much and they still struggled, carefully planning out their spending. Not only did a tube of toothpaste have to be completely squeezed dry before they bought a new one, but Sophie would cut it in half with scissors to make sure there was absolutely nothing left inside. At the grocery store, Sophie would pause when Maggie picked something off the shelf. Then she’d hold it up and ask Maggie in all seriousness, “But are you really going to eat this?” Then Maggie would convince herself that she didn’t need it. Only the bare minimum.  
Maggie suddenly grinned, thinking about how crazy today was, and dug out the lyric sheet from her back pocket. She read what Dayne wrote in the liner notes: Stop apologizing! And call me Saturday! She followed it up with her phone number in big dominant numbers over the lyrics to the Dinosaur Jr. song Get Out Of This.
Maggie slipped the note back into her pocket as her mom turned onto North Ashland. A lot of people were out this time of day. All the schools were letting out. Older people were out shopping, enjoying the nice weather. Maggie started to turn up the radio. Pearl Jam’s Alive was on.
“Not right now,” her mother snapped, turning it way down. “That man’s voice drives me crazy.” 
“Mom, please, it soothes me.”
“Not me,” Sophie said. “Works every nerve in my body.”
Maggie rolled her eyes. 
“Every time we’re in the car you have to turn it up too loud,” Sophie complained.
“I’m sor…” Maggie stopped herself that time. Then she sat there in awkward silence. 
“So we’re completely out of cereal,” Maggie eventually said.
“It’s not Sunday yet. I’ll make you pancakes tomorrow.”
“Okay.”
More silence. Then Maggie smiled again. 
“Hey mom,” she said in a whole new tone of voice. 
“What?” her mom replied before lighting a cigarette. She frowned when she focused on lighting it and her glasses slid down her nose and were now crooked on her face.   
“How do you describe electric guitars? Do you say Fenders or Stratocasters...or Gibsons?” 
“Do I look like I play guitar to you?” Sophie replied with a little laugh. Then she jammed the electric lighter back into the socket after lighting another cigarette. 
“No, I was just asking…”
“Why? Maggie, don’t irritate me right now,” Sophie fussed. “I got fifteen minutes to drop you off and get to work and I feel like shit.”
“What’s wrong?” Maggie looked over at her mom, concerned. She did look pale, but that was normal for Chicagoans. She’d lost weight lately too, but they never ate enough.
“That nausea thing again.” Sophie had been feeling sick lately. Nearly every day she got hit with a wave of nausea and fatigue in the middle of the afternoon, right when she had to pick up Maggie and then go to work. She had to drink a whole pot of coffee in the middle of the day just to have the energy to proceed.
“Are you pregnant?” Maggie joked.
Sophie laughed like crazy. “I’m gonna push you out of this car! So why are you asking me about guitars?”
“There’s a new girl at school – she plays one. Mom, she’s so fucking cool.”
“Language,” Sophie reminded.
“Sorry,” Maggie said. 
“School’s almost over – you get new students this late?” Sophie wondered. 
“Yeah,” Maggie sighed. “Anything goes at Tafford High.”
“Two more weeks, it’s almost over. Have you looked that pamphlet over yet?” Sophie was talking about the Howard Community College pamphlet. She’d slipped it under Maggie’s door the other night when she got home severely late from her job. Maggie glanced at it but it just looked depressing. A three-story building with a flag out front. It didn’t look much different from her high school. Maggie wanted to be a writer, not a secretary somewhere. 
“I’m going to later,” Maggie said anyway. 
Another moment of silence passed. Sophie turned the radio back up. Radiohead was on. It was one of Maggie’s favorite songs, Fake Plastic Trees. Maggie wanted to turn it up more.
“Mom…?”
“Alright, but don’t blast it,” Sophie said. 
Maggie turned it up just a little as the scenery changed. They lived in West Ridge. It was more trees and parks and less noise and city hustle. A collective quiet fell over everything. 
“Stratocaster,” Sophie finally answered Maggie’s guitar question as she turned down their street. “Why?” 
“No reason, you old fart!” Maggie burst out laughing. It had turned into such a great day. First Dayne stumbled into her life and then she dumped Dr. Pepper all over Rocky and then she gave Maggie her phone number. 
“MAGGIE!” her mom blurted. “I can’t believe you!”
Maggie paused when she saw how hurt her mom looked. Sophie was sensitive. She was also exhausted. She always seemed on the verge of some complete meltdown. Maggie noticed tears filling her mom’s eyes. 
“It was just a joke,” Maggie said. “I’m sorry.”
Sophie kept driving, trying to see despite the tears in her eyes. 
“I’m really sorry,” Maggie said again. “It really was a joke.”
Sophie glanced over at her and frowned. “What’s gotten into you?” she wondered. 
Maggie shrugged. “I don’t know.” But she knew. And the culprit had long blonde hair and green eyes and the wickedest smile. 
Sophie pulled up to their house. A very long quiet afternoon awaited Maggie. She had no siblings, no friends. Only Lola. 
“Have you decided about the Garbage concert yet?” Maggie decided to ask. She almost didn’t, but she really wanted to go to a concert. She never did anything fun.
Her mom said the most predictable thing.
“You need to start thinking about your future, Maggie.” The final puff of smoke left her mouth and she put the cigarette out and pushed her glasses up on her nose again.
“I am, the concert’s in the future.”
“I’m not finding you very funny,” Sophie warned. Maggie wiped the grin from her mouth.
“I’m sorry,” Maggie said. 
Sophie had her hand on the door’s inside handle. She leaned out to look up at Maggie. The wind blew a group of frizzy curls across her forehead. Her glasses slid down on her nose. 
“When you look at that pamphlet and show some kind of interest in furthering your education, I will consider you going to a rock concert,” Sophie said, looking up at her daughter. “I think that’s fair.”
Maggie took a step back after Sophie shut the door and drove off. She probably wouldn’t actually see her again until Sunday. Maggie would be asleep by the time she got home tonight and Sophie usually slept all day Saturday. 


The Unwanted 
Some people complained of being unwanted. Some even said they should have never been born. But Tyler Jose Tabaoda was truly, sincerely unwanted. His mother told him every day. Nobody wanted him. He was not a product of love, but of violence. Of confusion. Of chaos. He was a mistake born from darkness. The longer he lived, the more that darkness spread. If he ever doubted this, his mom once told him, he just had to look in the mirror. Into his own solid black eyes. There was no light there, no hope.
Tyler lived his life like it was a car he wanted to wreck, but no matter how many times he wrecked it, it never killed him. He just rolled out of the wreckage wounded but not dead. Just worse. Worse in every way. His clothes more tattered, his hair dirtier, his eyes darker. His mind was the true wreck.
It was only when he saw Dayne that the sun felt like it finally came up on his world. That it wasn’t completely dark. But he’d make it dark because that’s what he did, and he was, in some strange awful way, relieved her dad had taken her away. Because what could he really offer her? He had nothing but the clothes on his back and those he had stolen.
But he also wanted her and he knew the darkness would come back and take over no matter what he did. Regardless, he asked the manager of The Sundown Motel to tell anyone who called asking for him that he already checked out. He had days where he didn’t know what to do anymore and today was one of those days. What he referred to as “a low day.” 
He went outside and lit a cigarette and stared out at the flowing traffic on highway I-85. Every road ran into another one, and that gave him peace. Right now, he was in South Carolina, but by tonight he planned on being out of the Carolinas altogether, and in Virginia or possibly even Delaware. Some other motel with a burning marquee sign glowing tragically like the cherry of a smoke burning away in a dirty lonely hand. Some other view of some other highway. Some other hum of some other vending machine. Maybe he’d travel up the east coast. He should just stay away from her.
“She lives with a broken man, a cracked polystyrene man, who just crumbles and burns.” Dayne turned the radio up even louder. Fake Plastic Trees was her favorite song at the time. She’d been trying to learn how to play it on her acoustic guitar for months. 
Daryl put his fingers on the silver knob and abruptly switched it to his annoying hippy station that was playing Ventura Highway by America. He was testing her to see if she’d say anything. She didn’t fall for his trick.
Daryl kept his eyes on the road. He hoped to be in Chase’s Landing before dark. 
“So how was school?” he posed the question the way a perfect parent would, the kind that attended PTA meetings and wore ties to everything. He was met with more of Dayne’s cold silence. She hadn’t said a word to him all week. He didn’t know whether to be impressed or annoyed. The last time they had a fight like this was when she was sixteen. He had grounded her. No TV or Tiffany hangouts for two weeks. She was so furious she wouldn’t come out of her room for days. There was even a tornado, and Dayne didn’t leave to go down to the underground shelter. When the sirens went off and the sky turned black she just huddled in her closet the way she was taught in tornado drills in junior high (like the one when Tommy grabbed her ass in 5th Grade, taking advantage of the position she was in) and when the tornado blew the backyard picnic table up so it shattered her bedroom window, Dayne didn’t even scream. She wouldn’t even break her silent treatment for that. When the window was temporarily replaced with a piece of cardboard, Dayne wrote I HATE MY FATHER in the same black sharpie she used to draw that skull on her arm with, so the whole neighborhood could see it when they walked by.
“You know June will expect you to talk to her – she won’t stand for this,” Daryl said in a tight, angry voice. 
Dayne said nothing. 
Daryl tried again. “Look, Moonbeam, I know I made a terrible, terrible mistake. I just wish we could rectify the situation.” Rectify was one of Daryl’s favorite words. Dayne hated it. The word made her stomach turn. “I’ve felt physically ill all week over it,” he went on, as if he deserved sympathy. “You have to know that, please,” now he sounded desperate. “I really wish we could just move on. I will never hit you again – ever.” The thing was, he sounded like he would right then. His tone of voice was tense.
Dayne wished they could go back – back to the days when her mom still lived with them, the days when Tiffany would pick her up and they’d go to Pinewood Shopping Center. She even missed the long boring days working at The Candle Store. She couldn’t go back to the past. So she’d look towards the future – playing songs in cafes and going on long adventures with Tyler on his motorcycle. 
“You’re about to turn eighteen, you graduate soon, big things are about to happen.” Daryl just wouldn’t shut up. “Do we have to dwell over this?” he glanced over at her. He could see her nipples through that dress. “We need to get you a bra, too,” he said, his voice tenser.
She frowned sharply at him and looked back out of the window. Girls needed things, boys got away with things. 
“Sweetie?” Daryl called out. Dayne could sense his patience shortening. He was going to lose his temper again soon and then what? 
“You haven’t even said anything about the condo.” 
She almost laughed that time. What was there to say? Everything was too clean there. And all the new appliances made this creepy unified hum. 
Dayne continued to ignore him and stare out the window. The hours dragged by. Daryl kept the radio on his preferred radio station, which Dayne silently referred to as 102.9 Music for Old Farts! as she gazed out the window until they eventually came to Ghost Popcorn Road. It was weird. It just felt weird, the way it felt weird when you walked into a dark movie auditorium halfway through a film. You missed something, you didn’t know what the audience knew. You felt like you should go, but you also wanted to stay and figure it out.
The road was as straight as a line on a piece of notebook paper. The beach was on one side and the woods was on the other. There was secrecy to its silence. 
She livened up when they passed a black log cabin looking place with a wooden sign hanging outside that read Blackbird Cafe. The lettering reminded Dayne of letters on a Ouija Board. If she was with her mom, she’d ask to stop. Or better yet, if she was with him they’d stop. Her arms should be wrapped around his skinny waist right now, as they went where they pleased and did whatever the hell they wanted. But no, she was in Sucky, Indiana with her sucky dad. 
She glanced back at the cafe one more time as they drove on. There was a sign in the window that read OPEN MIC NIGHT SUNDAY.
“You like that place?” Daryl asked, hoping that would break her impossible silence. “June talks about it a lot. She has some paintings hanging there right now, I think.”
Dayne still didn’t speak.
“Jesus Christ,” Daryl mumbled his frustration and gripped the wheel like he had the mind to yank it off. Dayne smirked. The further she could burrow under his skin the better. 
Daryl pulled up to a convenient store. It looked like a garage but it had a sign on top of the roof that read in navy blue letters, THE STORE. Quite a name, Dayne thought, how’d they ever come up with it? Wherever you go, there you are.
Daryl moved around in the seat to take out the grocery list and handed it to her. It was quite a long list, including a heavy bag of charcoal. Dayne quietly folded the list and started to get out when Daryl’s arm shot across her chest, creating a barrier. 
“Hey,” he warned. Dayne paused. “Look at me, kid,” Daryl demanded. 
Dayne slowly lifted her green eyes until she was looking into his muddy brown ones. He stared at her face, which was perfect other than the bruise on the corner of her mouth which he’d caused. He took her face in her hand so his fingers pressed into the bruise and she winced. He studied her the way a cat would a half-dead mouse it had been toying with.
“Don’t you roll your eyes at me,” he warned. “These are things you could get away with around your mom but not with me. You’re not gonna be some whore like her, just runnin’ around. And make sure you get everything on that list.” His voice was cold. His arm finally dropped and she jumped out of the jeep and slammed the door. 
The Store was wedged next to Blackbird Cafe. On the other side was The Hut Motel. Dayne wished she was a grownup so she could stay there, rip this list to pieces and say screw everyone.

The clerk looked up as the tall, skinny blonde marched into the convenient store and straight out the back door. She blew in and blew out just like that.
The back of The Store faced the beach. There was no hot city smell here of exhaust fumes, no smell of her hippy father who never bathed. Just the smell of fresh air. All she had to do was walk through some shrubbery and she’d be right there where water touched land. The sound of the beach was new and different. She glanced out at the crashing waves and the pretty white sand. Water and sand – the best affair under the sun. Maybe Indiana wasn’t so bad, she thought. 
From where she stood she could also see the back of The Hut. The pool didn’t have water in it yet. There was a weird looking fellow sitting on the edge of it, looking down as if it were full of pretty cool water. 
There was something that looked like a vending machine against the side of the building, but it was just white and rusty. Just a big white rusty box making a humming noise she could hear from where she was. 
She turned around and put some quarters in the payphone.   
A grumpy man answered on the third ring. “Sundown, vacancy, twenty bucks a night.”
“Um, yeah, is a guest named Tyler Taboada there?” she was very careful pronouncing his last name, as if mispronouncing it could debunk everything. 
“Oh he checked out.” The words whipped out of his mouth 
so fast they felt like a dagger to her chest.
“What do you mean?” Because if that was so, then he was gone. Gone. She’d never see him again. He’d walk into a mall and fall in love with some other girl.
“I mean the boy checked out, he left on his bike,” the guy hastily explained.
She shut her eyes. She could still see the second he spat blood in her dad’s face. Heroic. She couldn’t get that color of red out of her mind. Or the way his neck smelled when they made out in the woods and she pressed her face against it. 
“Are you sure?” she gripped the payphone cord, hoping for a different answer that time.
“Look honey, I’m sure. Romeo has left the building.” Then the guy hung up.

Dayne went into The Store, hot and mad. So did everyone just leave? Was that their MO? 
The Store was small and cramped and dirty. It was one of those places people came for last minute stuff, like beer and ice, just like the sign in the window advertised.
She could picture weirdos walking in barefoot from the motel next door, like the guy sitting at the pool. It was a scuzzy place. Why couldn’t they stop at a real grocery store? Also Daryl had given her no money so she’d have to pay out of her own pocket. 
She reached for a basket, rolled her eyes and took the stupid list out again when the payphone outside started ringing. She fled, dropping the basket on the floor.
“Hello?” she picked up the payphone. The wind played with her hair. The air smelled a little like the bottom of a shampoo bottle.
There was a brief pause. With Tyler there always was, like he was really thinking about what he was going to say or if he should say it or if he should even speak at all because he should have never been born. He’d stand awkwardly still and slip his hands into his pockets and just wonder... 
“Hello?” Dayne said one more desperate time.
“Hey,” Tyler’s scratchy voice finally leaked through the phone and into her ear. It was her favorite earworm. 
He just couldn’t do it – as much as he wanted to leave her alone and knew he should, he couldn’t. Dark was dark.
“Tyler?” Relief swept over her and she finally smiled for the first time in hours. “Babe…”
He paused briefly to blow smoke from his lips. “Yeah,” he said.
“The manager said you left…”
“He doesn’t know anything,” Tyler said dismissively and right in front of him. 
“How are you?” she asked.
“Buenísimo,” he said, sarcastically. “So where are you?” 
“I’m in Indiana,” Dayne said, getting the feeling he was lying to her about something. She knew how vague guys could be. “Sucky Indiana USA. Are you coming?” 
“Yeah,” he said. He didn’t sound very certain though. It was the exact same ‘yeah’ he gave earlier. It didn’t sound like an answer, just a response. Maybe not even that – just a word.
“When?” Dayne wanted to know, wrapping the phone cord around her wrist. 
“Soon.”
Dayne sighed. She looked off at the weird motel again. Then at the seagulls on the beach. It would be so nice to have him here.
“There’s this, like, cheap looking motel,” she said as she eyed The Hut. “We can sell my guitar and stay there maybe.” 
“What? No, don’t sell your guitar.”
“My dad got me another one, an electric.” She was about to tell him how he hit her, but she didn’t want to cry. “Tyler?” 
He was very quiet. 
“Tyler are you there?” 
“Yeah.” He was feeling indecisive again. Years after he’d left he could still hear his mom screaming at him from the couch she lived on. ‘Mistake!! You’re a mistake!!!’ He even still flinched like he did that day when she threw a TV Guide at his face.
“Alright.” Dayne paused. She didn’t like hearing hurt in anyone’s voice. She also knew if she didn’t get on with it, Daryl would come and see what was taking so long. “We’re not like our parents. You know that right?” she said. She waited but was met with stony silence. She knew he was still there though, she could sense it. “We have a fucking choice, we have to...” a lump formed in her throat. “Because if we’re just like them and make the same mistakes then what’s the fucking point to anything? Tyler, okay? You’re not like your dad, so don’t sit in some motel room all sad thinking that you are. They can’t paint all the windows black. We can’t let them.”
It was exactly what he needed to hear and he wished he could say something to her in return that would make her feel better but he couldn’t. He was about to cry. 
“We have our whole lives,” she went on. “I know what made you but so fucking what? You’re alive, right? And your mom never told you this but you’re a good person, I can see it, that’s why I need you here. People have to be loved to, I don’t know, thrive, and I can love you, so just come here.” She sounded absolutely capable of loving him, of filling in all the voids, of sunshining up all the dark corners, of wrapping her long thin arms around him like she had in the woods. He knew she could love him, but what if he just made her miserable in return?
The lump in his throat made it hurt to swallow, breathe or talk. Now he was exceptionally quiet. She thought that would get him to talk but it seemed to make it worse. He was crying and the manager of the motel was holding his hand out, wanting his phone back. Like anyone was trying to call – like Sundown was so important. He handed it to him anyway and went back to his lonely room, not saying another word to Dayne.
“I love you,” she said, still on the phone even though he’d left. “Tyler?” her words vibrated the palm of the motel manager’s scuzzy hand until he hung up on her.


The bearded cashier looked at Dayne when she came back in and picked the basket up. He watched her as she walked the dusty aisles, reluctantly selecting what was on the list. He stared at the back of her dress when she reached for something on the top shelf and her dress rose so he could almost see her ass. Just a few more inches, he prayed, just keep reaching, pretty girl.
Meanwhile, Dayne wondered why he wasn’t helping her get the stupid roll of paper towels down from the shelf. She was tall, but not eight feet tall which was the requirement to reach them. She grew impatient and went over and grabbed his broom from the corner and went back and knocked it down. She put it in the basket and got on with it. She knew he was staring and it made the tiny store feel even more cramped, like the walls were closing in, like she was trapped.
She grabbed a six pack of beer called American Wise Ass for Daryl, a thing of spaghetti, a bag of chips, a bag of pretzels, a bottle of cheap white wine for June and a few things for herself. She wanted a candle to burn while she practiced guitar but the ones on the shelf had a coat of dust on them and smelled like bug spray. For a minute she reminisced over her old job at the candle store. The space had nice dark oak wood floors. The shelves were stocked with the nicest candles. They all smelled so good. And they weren’t dusty because she always cleaned. Her favorite candle was called Autumn Evening. She wanted to buy it and burn it while she and Tyler cuddled together and watched a horror movie, but that never happened. It didn’t seem like it ever would either. 
Dayne placed the basket up on the counter and noticed the TV hanging in the corner above the clerk’s head. MTV was playing Green Day’s Welcome to Paradise video as part of their afternoon Rock Block. If this was a normal day, she’d be in Pinewood watching it on the couch with her mom as late afternoon sunlight drew patterns on the carpeted floor. They’d discuss dinner – maybe pizza. Her mom was cool, she liked all the bands Dayne liked and even took her to see Nirvana for her thirteenth birthday. They stood close to the stage, with Leslie’s arms dangling over Dayne’s shoulders in case the moshpit got too crazy and they had to move off to the side. It was one of Dayne’s favorite memories. How some of Kurt’s golden blonde hair was in his mouth as he belted out Drain You, and his hair moved with his breath, with the words he sang, with the emotion in him pouring out and filling the dark crammed venue. 
Then time moved on. And he died. Then things just seemed to crumble for Dayne too.
Dayne smiled and pointed to the TV. Green Day was one of her new favorite bands. 
“Cool,” she said. The guy didn’t bother looking at the TV. He just stared at her. He was a burly guy, with a few grey hairs in his beard. 
“You need a bag, doll?” he eventually asked.
Dayne, still staring at the TV, said, “Yeah.”
He started putting things in the bag for her. Dayne reminded him of every girl he’d ever come across in his life that never gave him the time of day. Those long legs always walking away from him. The perfect ass he’d never get to touch. The flip of the long soft blonde hair he’d never get to smell. 
“Where ya headed?” he asked, hiding his resentment well.  
Dayne wasn’t a stupid girl. She didn’t give personal information out to weirdos. She glanced back at the TV, getting an idea. Then she flashed that wicked little smile of hers. 
“Paradise,” she said. On her way out she stole a candy bar.


Snapple Facts 
FRIDAY MAY 23RD, 1997
Rocky walked into his hot house and slammed the door behind him. The sound caused the neighbor’s pitbull to bark. His younger brother Henry jumped up from the couch where he’d been watching MTV for several hours, and followed Rocky around. 
It was hot in their shitty house. They couldn’t afford AC, so a couple of lousy little fans blew hot air around instead. Flies hovered over the dirty dishes that were piled in the kitchen sink. Henry followed Rocky down the cluttered hallway to his room. There were cardboard boxes and clothes everywhere. Since their mom up and left, no one cleaned.
Rocky lifted his shirt to wipe sweat from his face and smelled the Dr. Pepper that soaked his shirt. This made him angrier and he kicked a cardboard box one of those stupid fans had been in. It flew way up only to land in front of his feet again. He kicked it again, leaving a big dent in the side. Henry kicked it too, wanting to do whatever his big brother did. 
For one plain minute everything sucked. The house. The heat. School. Girls. Everything. Rocky reminded himself that at least it was Friday. He’d go to work and then he’d get laid. Someone in this godforsaken world would pay attention to his weiner tonight.
He stared at the pile of clothes on his bed. No one ever cleaned up around here. Rocky certainly didn’t have the time to do it. And he was a guy. A woman should be here to do it. He hated this house and he hated school. He hated his mom for leaving and he hated his dad for staying. But he actually didn’t hate his job – he just wished he had more time between that and school. An hour to fuck off. Driving to Indiana to work seemed crazy, but the further away he was from this place, the better. Besides, the construction company was the only place that would hire him. The other jobs he applied for were retail and he was asked the same question at them all: “Have you ever shoplifted?” And when he said no, they would ask, “Are you sure?”
He started searching for his work clothes. Henry lingered in the open doorway, tugging on his oversized Korn t-shirt before picking his nose. Rocky flung the clothes that were on his bed over his shoulders, exposing the pillow covered with black dye stains from Manic Panic. He finally found his bright orange Glo-Wear pants he wore to work. He had a two and a half hour drive out to Chase’s Landing and he was already running late. And thanks to that bitch at school he had to take a shower now. 
“Don’t bother me,” he snapped at his little brother who was still in his doorway, pouting and wiping boogers on his Korn shirt. Henry was overweight and wore glasses. He also sounded out of breath all the time. 
Rocky snatched up the orange pants and to his surprise, an almost full pack of smokes fell out of the pocket. It was the best thing to happen to him all week. He grabbed the cigarettes and walked over to his door.
“You have to work?” Henry asked.
“Of course.” Rocky frowned, lifting one eyebrow and lowering the other. He looked plain evil. Henry should know Rocky’s schedule by now – he worked Friday night, all day Saturday and Sunday and sometimes Tuesday night. 
“Can I come with you?” Henry asked in a slow, sad tone of voice.
“No, not allowed,” Rocky said, about to shut the door when Henry begged him with his sad eyes not to. 
“I’m hungry and you guys have free sandwiches there!” Henry made the dangerous construction place sound like a fancy hotel, like he’d been dreaming of going there all day. 
“Well I don’t know because I’m not really going there,” Rocky explained, trying to calm down. His little brother wasn’t the one he was mad at. Hopefully he’d get some aggression out through his job and then sex. Lord knew there were plenty of skanks in Indiana that would fuck him if he bought them just one beer. All of them wore cheap mascara and smelled of cigarettes. But they were easy. 
Rocky felt himself calm down at the prospect of getting laid later. He focused on his baby brother.
“We have to work on some houses today on the beach,” he explained, “So I don’t even know if we’ll have free sandwiches out there.” Rockford waited for his brother to show some kind of understanding. “Okay?” he said when his brother just stood there. A lot of his teachers thought Henry was retarded. Rocky hated himself for wondering the same thing sometimes.
He couldn’t take it anymore and slammed the door in his brother’s face. A minute later he felt really bad about it and opened it to find him still standing there, as loyal and sad as a puppy dog. Rocky would never show it, but the sad expression actually broke his heart. Henry was twelve years old and had no friends. Not even his imaginary friend wanted to hang out. Henry actually told Rocky that his imaginary friend “David” called Henry boring and stupid. This meant Henry felt so bad about himself that he made his imaginary friends hate him. 
Their mother left when Henry was six and Rocky was fifteen. Before that, she was a housewife and was home all the time. She would keep Henry home from school most days too, for company. She’d bake brownies and, while she wasn’t the most meticulous person when it came to cleaning, the house was always in some kind of decent shape. 
When she left, it pretty much destroyed Henry. Their dad worked all the time and drank when he was home. And Henry was slow. When Rocky used to help him with his homework and asked him what two plus two was, Henry just stared at him like Rocky had asked him the meaning of life. His teacher even suggested he be put in the same class as the retards. Rocky said absolutely not. “He just needs time,” Rocky told the teacher. “Or maybe a better teacher,” he added, giving the teacher a mean look. 
Everyone was afraid of Rocky (at least at school) and he preferred it that way. It was so easy to convince people that he was bad that he often thought he was, so he played the role well when he was at Tafford High. He didn’t know how to connect with anyone even if he wanted to. He had a huge fear of rejection. So that was when he became defensive and cruel. He saw girls like Dayne and Maggie – who were both very pretty – as people who would never give him the time of day, so why not cause them grief.
It all made sense in his head.
“Where’s the old man?” Rocky asked, referring to their father. His hand was on the door as he leaned against it, and his bicep bulged. Rocky hadn’t even noticed the positive effects his job was having on his body. But Henry did and couldn’t wait for the day Rocky beat their dad up instead of the other way around. 
“I think maybe he’s fuckin’ that old lady up the street,” Henry finally said about their father, sounding out of breath. “Sandy...or Cassandra or...whatever her name is.” 
He watched as Rocky went into the bathroom. 
“I have to take a shower,” Rocky said, forgetting all of the stupid stuff going on at home. He removed his shirt to reveal a pink hairless chest. The smell of sweat and soda drifted off his skin, permeating the air with a sweet scent. He did smell like ham.
“You smell weird,” Henry said.
“Yeah well this bitch at school dumped soda on my head.”
Henry started laughing. 
“Oh you think that’s funny, huh?” Rocky said as he reached out to grab his brother and tickle him.
“NO!” Henry squealed loudly and huddled in the corner until Rocky backed off. Then he looked at Rocky’s scar. One night their dad stabbed Rocky right below the ribs. He had to go to the ER and held a dish towel to the stabwound the whole time. Henry had gone with him and remembered how Rocky didn’t cry – not one tear was shed. He just sat in the ER and asked the nurse if he could watch MTV. They watched Headbangers Ball. From that day on, Henry thought of his brother as a hero. The way Rocky sat there, not shedding a tear. A shadow had actually fallen over his eyes. He just pressed the blood-soaked rag against his wound as the glare of the TV flashed against Rocky’s pale face. Henry was afraid he was going to die. “Are you going to die?” he wept. “No,” Rocky declared, “Just chill.” Then he watched Metallica’s video for One until he was called back for stitches.
Rocky looked down at his little brother still hanging out in front of the bathroom, staring up at him. 
“Don’t be a fag,” Rocky snapped. “Close the door.”
Henry ignored the order and just asked, “Are you gonna beat up the girl who poured soda on you?” he seemed hopeful Rocky would say yes. 
“Yeah. Close the door.” Rocky’s tone was quite hostile now. Henry didn’t question him that time. He shut the door and waited on the other side. He heard the shower water gush. Rocky took quick showers, taking the bar of Irish Spring soap and rubbing it under his arms, over his cock and balls and then his ass. Those were the most important spots to get clean, he figured. On better days, he’d sing while he did it. (Ain’t My Bitch by Metallica was a popular choice). 
He placed his hair under the shower water but didn’t bother with shampoo. Shampoo was gay. It always managed to get in his eyes and stung too. He’d take the pain of being stabbed over that anyday. He placed the green soapy bar back on the window seal, which was the reason why the paint there was chipping. There was a whole spot the size of the bar of soap that had peeled of its paint and was now just naked vulnerable rotting wood. It was actually soft to the touch, almost as soft as cotton.
Rocky got out of the shower and yanked the cheap towel from the loose towel rack and dried off. He didn’t need to completely dry off because it was so hot in the house he was almost dry anyway.  
Once he was dressed, he reached over and opened the door so his brother could talk to him again. Henry was right where he left him, staring straight up at him as soon as he opened the door. He perked up as he watched Rocky comb his hair back. Since it was wet, it had a nice black shine to it. Rocky sucked his cheeks in and practiced his mean snarl in the mirror. 
“How old do you have to be to work for Mill...ford Millford Construction?” Henry wondered, swaying from side to side with excitement. 
“Eighteen,” Rocky said, resting his hand on the sink with the comb in it as he stared at his reflection, his hands down on the sink’s edge and his muscles puffed up again. Some said he looked like a young Elvis. 
Rocky focused on his hair.
“Fuckin’ gotta dye it again soon,” Rocky remarked, studying his roots in the mirror for a second before he opened the medicine cabinet and traded his comb for a worn out leather bracelet he bought in Texas. He bought years ago at the same place he got his pocket knife. The one he flicked Maggie’s button off with. 
He snapped the bracelet on his wrist and glanced back down at his brother. Henry wondered how long he had to wait until he could shave. He pressed the palm of his hand against the side of his face. It was as soft as a newborn’s bottom.  
“How come you don’t just let the blonde grow out?” Henry wondered, invested in everything his big brother did. “Insteaduh dyin’ it all the time?”
“Blonde hair’s for pussies,” Rocky simply stated. He opened the medicine cabinet again and stole his dad’s cologne for later. While he did this, Henry ran down a list of people in his head who were blonde. That kid on Home Improvement. Simon Le Bon. The kid from NSYNC.
“Dude, you’re right!” Henry gasped. “They are all pussies!”
“Yup,” Rocky said, flicking the light off and strutting down the hallway to the kitchen. He felt good, or at least better. He leaned against the sink. Those little bumps behind the wallpaper moved; those were the cockroaches.
Rockford glanced down at his little brother and hated the thoughts he was having. Like what it would be like if Henry just wasn’t alive, if he’d never been born. What kind of future did a kid like Henry have?
“Did you have an okay day at school?” Rockford checked. Because if anyone made fun of his little brother, he’d kick their ass. He was always so worried about that – the things that bothered Henry that he never spoke of. The things that soaked his brain while he spent afternoons alone on the couch. 
Henry shrugged like bricks were weighing his shoulders down. He looked so disappointed. 
“School sucks,” he sulked. Rocky could tell someone was giving him a hard time. He knelt down, placing the cigarette behind his ear and locking eyes with his little brother. He put his hands on Henry’s shoulders. 
“Some asshole giving you a hard time? Huh?” Rocky tried to get it out of him. “Because I’ll take care of it.”
Henry’s eyes widened with both fear and joy. “Um…” he could have ran down a list of names but he didn’t. In case Rocky took his dad’s gun to school one day and got rid of them all and maybe some others just for the hell of it.
“No. I’m fine,” Henry decided at the last minute. 
“Alright then,” Rocky said.
He straigtened back up and lit the smoke. 
“I wanna be like you,” Henry said with terrible yearning. “I wanna get a job and say fuck school.”
“Yeah well, in about six years you can,” Rocky said, bringing the cigarette to his lips and keeping his eyes on his little brother. Rocky narrowed his blue eyes as he kept them on Henry. 
Rocky hoped for something better for Henry, but maybe there wasn’t anything better. Maybe life was just figuring out how to get through it.
Henry got this shy smile on his face. If he could just possibly be as cool as his big brother, he thought. He’d rule the world. 
“Alright, well…” Rocky opened the fridge. There was a dead cockroach on the top shelf, sort of stuck there and partially hanging off. It probably got so cold it stuck to it that way.
Rocky took out a peach Snapple and leaned against the counter, finished his cigarette and dropped it in an old beer can. He twisted the cap off the Snapple and it made that little pop sound that always made Henry laugh. Rocky smiled at his brother and handed the lid to Henry because Henry loved to read the Snapple facts on the back. 
Henry stood there for a second, frowning as he read it.
“Well?” Rocky waited. He should be in his truck by now, 
flying off to Indiana. But he felt bad. He knew the second he left, his brother would stay on the couch all day with nothing to do. 
“What’s it say?” Rocky asked.
Henry smiled. He smiled because Rockford was engaging with him. 
“Peaches are members of the almond family.” He looked up at Rocky, not buying it. “Is that true?”
If Rocky said the sky was pink, Henry would believe it. 
“Sure, kid. Gotta go.” Rocky strutted back up the cluttered hallway to the front door. He had his cigs, his fake ID, his dad’s cologne, and he would get laid tonight. 
No one saw, but Henry tried really hard to walk like his brother just then – the big, bad kid at school. His strut was a bit over-the-top, his hand on his hip and his head cocked way back. 
Rocky stopped at the door and turned around suddenly and Henry removed his hand from his hip and tried to hide the fact that he’d been imitating him. 
“I’ll bring you a sandwich home if there are any left,” Rocky promised. “Wait in my room because if dad sees he’ll want it, okay?” 
Henry nodded and smiled up at Rocky. “Thanks dude!” he beamed.
“Yup.” Rocky left, eager to get back in his truck which felt more like home to him than this stupid house. 
Walk by Pantera blared from Rocky’s dirty white truck as he raced out towards Indiana, his muddy wheels spinning and his black hair flying out of the window. It was a little after four, and he was supposed to start work by six. It didn’t matter if he did 100 mph the whole way there, he was still screwed. But Tony wouldn’t fire him, he seemed to have a soft spot for Rocky for some reason. Tony thought Rocky was that rough-around-the edges-but-with-a-heart-of-gold type. And he was a strong young buck, and that was what mattered most. He didn’t whine. He just got the job done. That was what people at school didn’t know – that there was a side to Rocky that was focused, skilled. When he wanted to get something done, it got done.
The sooner he was out on Ghost Popcorn Road, the better. The roads out there in Chase’s Landing weren’t congested. He could speed all he liked. He had half a mind to move out there one day. It was nice and low-key. The girls were hot enough. If it weren’t for Henry he already would have moved. Even though Chase’s Landing was a small, sleepy beach town there was still stuff to do. He even considered getting a room at The Hut sometime. They served popcorn in the lobby and had fresh doughnuts from Krispy Kreme on the weekends. The rooms were basic, but the motel was right on the beach.
The little haunted beach town had grown on Rocky. He knew all the familiar spots and the folklore that went along with them. The giant old billboard for Big Wave, the abandoned amusement park, still stood on the side of the road even though the park was no longer open. Trees and shrubbery had grown around the corroded sign and ivy had even grown on it, but it was there advertising the nevermore. 
The two darkest stories attached to Chase’s Landing were the teenage girl who drowned at Big Wave in the mid-1980s, and the family, The Swansons, who vanished during a stay at The Hut in 1976.
Residents believed the waterpark was haunted because of the girl who drowned there. Some even swore they saw her ghost standing on the side of Ghost Popcorn Road, holding her thumb up, her long hair all wet, trying to get back to the motel she was staying at (The Hut, room 4) before she died. Others said she was vengeful because she drowned after jumping into a pool at the park, hitting her head, and none of her friends noticed or they could have saved her. 
Back in 1976, The Hut had been experiencing the best year it had ever seen. A room was rarely ever vacant. Its pale blue facade wasn’t rusty back then. It was a heavenly blue. A new lover to the rain. The parking lot was full of Harleys and RVs. Bikers got along with families who stayed there. People would hang out with each other, becoming friends over cocktails at the lounge at the end of the motel. Dads and biker dudes would congregate in the parking lot on sunny afternoons swapping stories while moms took the kids to the pool. Simpler times. 
Just down Ghost Popcorn Road in walking distance from The Hut was a place called Gary’s Lobster Shack. These days, it was Roadside Burgers. 
Gary’s bright red neon sign gleamed at the highway, beckoning people to stop and try their lobster roll while sitting at a picnic table where they could look out at the beach. It was the type of place anyone felt welcomed. One sunny afternoon in mid-July, a family in an orange RV pulled up. Gary had never seen a more picture-perfect American family (and he’d seen plenty). Christopher Swanson, the dad, with his greying hair, dressed in a Hawaiian shirt, shorts and flip flops. Then there was his wife, Sandy, with blonde hair and gleaming brown eyes, wearing a yellow halter top and a red skirt. Their two kids, Fred and Sally, were as adorable as could be. 
Originally they were going to park the RV at a campsite near the waterpark but it gave his wife the creeps. Sandy went to use one of the outhouses there and claimed she heard someone whispering on the other side of the door, “Come out and show me.” So they settled in at The Hut, room 4, and the kids seemed happy with the accommodations. There was a pool, not to mention the beach was steps away.
But Christopher still wanted to camp outdoors. So that night after his family fell asleep, he snuck away, desiring some alone time. He took a flask of whiskey and drove down Ghost Popcorn Road to the path into Blackbird Forest. It was tough raising two kids as a furniture salesman. He didn’t even know how he managed to afford this little vacation – but at least he was going to enjoy it that night. Every man needed time alone. He took the spare blanket out of the RV and walked into the woods.
That night around 3 in the morning, his wife woke up in the tiny motel room, drenched in sweat after having a terrible nightmare. In the dream, someone in a black robe was chasing her husband through the woods. She got up and turned all the lights on. Her sleepy children fussed at her and hid their faces in the pillows from the bright light. But she was too spooked to go back to sleep. She told them about the nightmare and realized Christopher had left. She went outside and saw their RV parked in front of the path that led into the woods. He left them to go camping. She crossed Ghost Popcorn Road, angry at her husband, and went into the woods to find him.
The children woke up hours later, around 11 am, to find their parents gone. They pulled the thick burgundy curtains back and looked out at the sparkling beach. The sun shined with all it had to give. They didn’t see their parents out there. Fred, being the big brother, told Sally to stay where she was and he’d go look for them. There had to be some reasonable explanation. They probably went to Blackbird Cafe. Once he walked outside, he saw the RV still parked in front of the path into the forest and gave his sister a smile that made her feel better. 
“It’s fine, Sally,” he promised his little sister. “I think they went in the woods. Dad won after all,” he beamed. “I’ll be right back.”
Fred went off into the woods and Sally waited. And waited. And waited. Fred never returned. Neither did her parents. It was as if the woods had swallowed them whole.
At 3 pm she emerged from the room, tears streaming down her cheeks. The middle of the day was taking glorious shape – new check-ins, happy sounds coming from the pool, kids splashed around while parents sunbathed. They were all the things The Swansons should have been doing. 
Sally watched everyone enjoying themselves in the pool. She stared at the brown and orange stripes painted along the white concrete wall surrounding the pool. A little girl with giant inflatable float sleeves on her tiny arms was swimming over to her mom. Sweet Home Alabama by Lynyrd Skynyrd played on the outdoor radio. The sky was clear, the sun was beaming and it was 86 degrees – a perfect day. 
Sally went to the office to get help, tears streaming down her cheeks. CLOSED BACK AT 4, the sign on the door read. One hour. One more hour alone, and in the meantime what was happening to her family? No one would ever know. They simply vanished.
For a while, cops suspected the family was followed by some creep at the campsite. He was the person who was whispering to Mrs. Swanson to “come out and show me.” He followed them around, waited for the right opportunity when he got them in the woods, and took them all. 
Others suspected it was the dad. He had an argument with his wife and killed her. The son came along at the wrong moment and saw him trying to bury her and he killed his son too. Their bones were around somewhere in those woods. There’d been rumors about financial problems shortly before the vacation.
Rocky thought the story was gay. Folklore. Made up. Even 
though there were actual articles about what occurred and Sally Swanson was alive and well and living in Vermont now. People old enough recalled the terrible story on the news. An entire town baffled and afraid, believing a serial killer was on the loose. 
Rocky wondered if Chase’s Landing would be one of those 
places that eventually exploded. The rich would move in and take over everything. It’s dark past would be forgotten about, or used to profit from haunted tour guides. There would be more restaurants, more bars, better hotels – the kind that turned their noses up at bikers and drifters. A mall would go up in place of that old creepy waterpark. Paradise Cove, the soon-to-be beachfront community that Millford & Sons was working on, would soon be rented condos. 
Right now as far as Paradise Cove went, all that was there were the very beginnings of insulation. It was going up on a marshy part of the beach. Before moisture pumps were put into place to dry out the land, it had been a thriving habitat for plant and animal life. 
Sometimes the guys would go crab hunting on their breaks. Tommy, one of Rocky’s coworkers, liked to pick them up and put them down Rocky’s shirt. Rocky enjoyed the tomfoolery more than he’d ever admit.
He glanced over at The Funky Lobster as he drove by it. Rocky thought the restaurant was obnoxious, but it certainly grabbed the weary traveler’s attention from the highway. It had a huge deck so diners could gaze out at the water. On Friday nights they cleared away some space on the outdoor deck so couples could dance. People were just starting to show up for dinner at this time – a romantic dinner by the beach, candlelight and drinks and Billy Joel on the jukebox. Rocky didn’t consider himself a romantic, but he could envision himself dancing on the pier to Billy Joel’s She’s Got A Way with a girl (a song he was fond of, which he’d never share with anyone). It would have to be the right girl, if there was such a thing. They’d dance right when the sun was going down. Would he ever truly fall in love? Of course he would. He had to have some good nights in his future. 
He drove on, feeling that midday tiredness set in. He turned the music up to try and shake himself out of it. “Breathe! Sweat! Walk! What did you say?! Breathe, sweat, walk, are you talkin’ to me?!” 
He was ready to work and then later, he’d get laid. Work! Sex! He thought, replacing the words Breathe! Sweat! in the Pantera song.
He glanced out at the struggling Roadside Burgers. Rocky could go for a simple burger and maybe some hush puppies. Roadside had such an easy concept. You pulled up to the little window of the black and white checkered building, ordered your food through it and got your food through that same window. There were no dine-in spots. It was way too small, basically the size of a kiosk. You got a little tray of hush puppies and a juicy burger in wax paper. They weren’t stingy on the meat either. A giant slab of burger meat waited for you between two warm buttery buns. You could get that, hush puppies and a cherry coke all for three bucks. He was hungry for more than a bologna sandwich on a pile of bologna sandwiches for all the construction workers. A pile that decreased throughout the day as they grabbed them with their grubby hands. 
Instead he took a sharp left onto the sandy parking lot of Blackbird Cafe. He needed a perk. The Snapple didn’t do it.
He sat in his truck for a second and thought about that girl who dumped Dr. Pepper on his head. No one had ever done anything like that to him at school, certainly no chick. People either put up with his antics or did all they could to avoid him. She’d crossed a line, and there wasn’t an ounce of hesitation when she did it.
He couldn’t stop thinking about her. Couldn’t stop seeing her perfect face as she smirked and watched the soda run down his face. The image of her was more vivid than the beach and impeccable blue sky right in front of him.
Dayne obviously wanted his attention – you don’t dump cold soda on someone’s head (which honestly felt good and tasted good) without wanting them riled up. And he was, so hopefully she was ready for that.

Kathy heard the bell on the door sound off and jumped up from her chair in her office to greet the customer. She already knew it was the wayward Normandy boy. He’d been in here a few times before, usually after Phil called. 
She smiled at the baby-faced metalhead kid. Those blue eyes and jet-black hair made him stand out. She could already see the man he was on the verge of becoming. Just like those houses in Paradise Cove he worked on, everything with him was going to come together soon. The masterpiece would be complete. He was already building muscle. And his face was losing baby fat and a very strong jawline was coming in to take its place. Just give him a year, maybe not even that long.
“Well if it isn’t Young Elvis,” she flirted, making him blush. 
Kathy was the only person that was nice to Rocky besides his brother. He smiled, never knowing how to respond. Kathy was in her mid-thirties. She was plump with red hair. She wore clogs and a floral dress nearly every day. She had the same smile for everyone whether it was some rich person from the upscale area of Chase’s Landing or some ne’er-do-well at The Hut.
Rocky liked her. She was a betty.
“Hey there, sweetie,” she greeted him. “How are you?”
He responded by pressing his lips together and smiling. It didn’t hurt to be around someone mothering. 
“I’m good,” he said after a minute. 
He looked around. The weird art on the walls always gave him the creeps, like the one of the moon eating the little boy. There was blood squirting out of his legs and the red paint looked like real blood. Rocky had tons of Cannibal Corpse albums and none of their artwork disturbed him like those paintings did. The art was by June Nichols. It was part of a collection called At The End of a Bad Day. So what did that title mean, Rocky wondered. At the end of a bad day you had to look at these paintings and it got even worse? 
The display case full of cupcakes and brownies offered a sweet scent, so at least that was nice. 
Rocky thought about getting a treat for Henry.
“How are you today?” Kathy asked.
“Uh, I’m okay, waiting for school to be over,” he admitted. 
“Heh! I bet. I remember those days. Lord,” she bent down to straighten the slices of strawberry shortcake. They looked so good, especially when she prepared one to have for dine-in. The plump strawberries were placed on top of the cake and then she added fresh whip cream on top of them. Henry would go nuts for one.
“How late are you open?” Rocky asked, thinking he could stop by on his way home.
“Honey, just until seven but once summer hits, ten pm.”
She looked at him. He had an intense frown on his face and his eyes twinkled with incredible blue light. They were stunning like Christmas lights on a dark frozen night. 
“My brother would like one but it wouldn’t last while I’m at work.”
“What time do you get off?” she asked, like she was about to work something out.
“Oh, late. Midnight.”
“Well tell you what, I live right over here on Wasath Road,” she pointed in the general direction. “Why don’t you stop by and get it after you leave work?”
“Oh I appreciate it but...I’ll probably go get a drink.” 
“Well suit yourself but I got better whiskey in my house than any crummy bar in Indiana, that’s for sure.”
Somehow Rocky didn’t doubt it. He gave a tightlipped grin. She fixed his coffee. She knew what he liked. Iced coffee, black, filled to the rim, extra ice. No sugar, no milk. She tried to remember all of her customers orders.
Kathy placed the coffee down and grabbed a flyer and placed it on top of the drink. THE SUNDAY NIGHT COLLECTIVE, it read. There were cheesy images of a moon and a saxophone and a microphone. It also read OPEN MIC NIGHT, COME AND BARE YOUR SOUL! 
Gay, Rocky thought. He took the flyer anyway and slipped it in his back pocket and popped a straw in his drink.
“So what else does your brother like?” Kathy inquired.
“Uh, not much. Snapple facts.”
“Heh! Those are pretty funny.” Kathy said. “Well you have a good day son. Don’t work too hard.”
“Okay, thank you,” he said. Just like Kathy was the only one who was nice to him, she was the only one he ever said thank you to.
Then it was back to loud Pantera and chain smoking and speeding down Ghost Popcorn Road to work.

MAY 26TH, 2007
“You don’t need to arrest him!” Kathy yelled at the police who were dragging Rocky over to their patrol car. They already had him handcuffed. Everyone always wanted Rocky arrested for Dayne’s murder, even if there was no evidence. It almost seemed like no one cared whether he did it or not – just pin it on him so they could all move on. So the CLPD could brag, ‘Look, we got ‘em, we finally got ‘em!’
Phil stood by, wiping tears from his eyes. 
“Are you okay?” he kept asking Kathy, wanting to have a good look at her, but she pushed him away and rushed over to the cop car, yelling at the officer as he drove off.
“You got the wrong guy! And he didn’t hurt me!”
She finally stood back when the patrol car drove away. She couldn’t see Rocky’s face because his greasy black hair shielded it. 
“He didn’t do it,” she continued even though there was no one left to argue with. Phil had his own opinions but he knew to keep his mouth shut. Kathy believed what she believed. 
He got in his truck and looked around. The twenty minutes Kathy was with Rocky were the longest twenty minutes of his life. He imagined horrific things being done to his wife. He thought he’d find his truck with the seats splattered with blood, or worse, never find anything. It would be like The Swansons all over again. No body, no sign of anything. Just poof! Gone.
Kathy climbed in the truck, sweaty and irritated. 
Phil glared at her, too livid to speak for a minute.
“What the hell’s wrong with you?” he eventually said. “I was worried about you!” his tired eyes filled with more tears. “And you tellin’ them not to arrest that son of a bitch?”
Kathy had never seen Phil so distraught. 
“He’s just a scared boy,” she said after a minute. “Sometimes that’s all that happens. They don’t grow up, they stay scared boys. He didn’t kill that girl anymore than I did.”
Phil was beside himself. “And how do you know that? Were you in there? Did you see who took her?”
“No, Phil, of course not. No one did but the moon. But I saw all the people out that night – so many weirdos, it could have been anybody. Not him though – I think he had a thing for her.”
“Exactly!” Phil raved. “That’s why he took her!”
It was something Phil and Kathy had argued about in the past. To Phil, it seemed obvious it was Rocky. He fit the profile and sometimes that was just how it was. Rocky had been seen with a knife countless times. He worked very close to the house Dayne was staying in at the time she went missing. They’d been seen out together and from what he heard, Rocky thought it was more serious than Dayne did. It just fit – it all fit. And he didn’t buy the whole “it’s never who you think” mumbo jumbo.
The two set silent for a minute. Phil’s anger subsided into concern again. “You sure you’re okay.”
“Yes,” she fussed. “Let’s get home already.” 
He started the truck up and headed to Wasath Road. Phil glanced out at the beach drawing white lines in the dark when the waves crashed. He tried not to listen to the silence of the woods, he tried not to think about its awful secrets. 
“I tell you one good thing about what just happened,” Kathy spoke, “Made me forget that awful movie.”
Phil didn’t want to laugh, he was still mad at her, but after a minute he gave in and cracked up.


While most women would have taken the day off after just being abducted the night before, Kathy got up at 4:45 am as always and made her and her husband a strong pot of coffee. She’d been awake for hours anyway, replaying the so-called abduction in her mind. Rocky was scared. She could see it in those tired blue eyes of his.
They shared the paper. Today’s headline was about the seagulls: Residents annoyed by absurd number of seagulls flocking in from Lake Maxinkuckee. What about the girl? Was Dayne’s remains already old news?
Phil gave her the horoscopes and he read the first couple of pages of news. They discussed what movie they’d see next but didn’t decide on one.
He dropped her off at work as the sky brightened, kissed her goodbye and went to work. Frank came by before noon and Kathy knew because of the events the night before, that he had a lot of questions. 
She had some too.
“Rocky still in jail?” she asked as she got his coffee. It was another quiet day and she worried about her business. Maybe she should start those Sunday Night Collectives again, but what if it caused another tragedy?
“No, someone bailed him out,” the sheriff informed Kathy as she turned around and placed his coffee on the counter. Frank took a sugar packet and shook it. “His brother, I think.”
“What about other suspects?” 
“We’re still waiting to hear back from the crime lab,” he said. “There’s this thing called...well they take the DNA found on the girl or whatever and try and match it to relatives of the criminal then they look into the backgrounds or whatever and bingo! Eventually they find the scumbag.” 
Kathy sighed. “Well alright.”
Frank stirred his coffee and tossed the stir in the trash. 
“Don’t give up hope now, Ms. Kathy, we’ll find the guy.” He started to leave when he turned around. He slipped his hand in his back pocket and brought something out of it.
“I don’t know why I’m doing this…” he said. “But Rocky wanted me to give you something.” Frank stood there for a minute, hesitating. “I mean I could care less about those Normandy brothers, but they wanted me to give you…”
“Oh just give it to me, Frank,” Kathy fussed. “So you can get on with important stuff.”  
She held her hand out and he dropped the Snapple bottle cap in her hand. She waited until she was gone to read the Snapple fact: 
A flock of crows is known as a murder.


Welcome to Paradise 
Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Hole, Veruca Salt, Garbage, Soundgarden. The list went on and on. The list of so many bands she could have been listening to instead of this crap. But The Eagles droned on. “Welcome to hotel California, such a lovely place.” 
Afternoon clouds were rolling in, swallowing up the nice innocent blue sky. The wind was picking up. The news did mention rain this weekend. Dayne didn’t mind bad weather, but if it rained it meant she’d be stuck inside the house all day with Daryl and Aunt June. And Tyler had hung up on her, at least she thought he had. And it all stung.
“Dad,” Dayne eventually said, the word jam-packed with so much emotion. “Can I change the station?” Normally she would have just done it, but with Daryl’s unpredictable temper lately, she decided to ask first. She hated asking for permission. It was so out of character.
“She speaks!” he laughed. Her silent treatment was over. But it didn’t really do anything for his grumpy mood. “No,” Daryl said. His tone left no room for argument.
Dayne started messing with her hair again. She put it up in a very tight ponytail and sighed. 
“We listened to your stuff the entire drive up from North Carolina, give me a break, would ya kid?” Daryl fussed. 
If she were with her mom they’d be blasting Nirvana and looking for cool t-shirt shops and restaurants along the way. Leslie made everything fun. Daryl made everything difficult.
“We didn’t get any meat,” Dayne suddenly realized when her stomach roared with hunger. “We got charcoal but no meat.”
“June said she has something,” Daryl mumbled in response. Hopefully she did, because he was broke. He thought about what Tony said – about offering him money for Dayne. But that would be basically selling your daughter. Don’t think about it like that, just think of it as an exchange.
“We could go to that seafood place,” Dayne suggested. “The Funky Lobster.” Leslie would have no problem taking her there.
“No, not today,” Daryl simply said, his tone final.
Dayne stared off into Blackbird Forest. Even on a bright sunny afternoon like this one, it looked quite dark beyond the entrance of the path.
She looked away and up the road. She could see June’s house now, even with tears in her eyes. It was on the corner of Wasath Road and Ghost Popcorn Road and it was enormous. Why did one woman want such a big house all to herself? Maybe it was nobody’s business. June had always been a little strange. And it was June’s money, she could spend it how she wanted. Dayne’s grandparents were quite rich and had a tendency to spoil their kids. But not their grandkid. They never bothered with Dayne, and she was their only grandchild.
June’s house was a log home made of bright auburn logs. It was pretty and massive, with two floors and an attic. It had three bedrooms, four bathrooms, a living room, a huge kitchen and a game room. Outside was a boathouse and a swimming pool. All one had to do to get to the beach was cross Ghost Popcorn Road. 
Dayne took the grocery list out and started scribbling random thoughts she was having. The Eagles song continued to play and she heard her best friend’s name. “Her mind is Tiffany-twisted, she got the Mercedes Benz.” Dayne’s mom drove a Mercedes Benz too. What a fucked up song.
She reached to turn it when her dad warned her.
“Don’t you fucking dare!” Then he started lecturing her. “Where do you think all those idiots you like get their ideas from?”
“Uh, not this,” Dayne said. Idiots? How could he say that? Kurt Cobain was not an idiot. Eddie Vedder was not an idiot. 
“Inspiration is a big part of music,” Dayne spoke. “How can musicians not be inspired by other musicians? Music’s been around for decades. Everything has. Everyone borrows shit from other shit. It’s in a constant state of, like, evolving. Did you know the first vending machine dispensed holy water?” 
“What?” Daryl just frowned. “No. What does that have to do with anything?”
“It’s just an example of how we’ve evolved, that’s all...” she said, her voice trailing off.
They drove for a few minutes in silence.
Dayne suddenly frowned as they inched closer to June’s massive house. A crease between her eyebrows formed. 
“So how’d she afford this shit anyway?” she asked, rearranging her hair in her scrunchie again. “My grandparents?”
“She rents it. I think your mother said she sold a painting,” Dayne shut her eyes as if she were done with the entire world. 
“They’re all about the moon,” she sighed. But she knew one in particular that was horrific. It was also June’s best work. 
The one where the moon eats the boy. The painting was part of a series that began with a frowning moon with sharp teeth that watched people while they slept. Then it came alive and ate people. On that particular night, it was a boy with black hair. The moon had subtle grey patterns in it to give it a more realistic look. The sky, which took up the background, was black. The moon had a mouth of little razor-sharp teeth (it sort of resembled an evil zipper) and was in the middle of eating the boy. He was screaming and kicking his feet up in a helpless struggle. June said it represented the evil of the beachtown – the mystery of The Swansons disappearance and “all things unexplained.” The boy was supposed to be Fred Swanson. If one could set aside how disturbing the painting was, they could appreciate the detail. June said she used actual blood for it. It was called “blood art.” Dayne always wondered where the blood came from but never had the guts to ask. The painting was part of a collection called At The End of a Bad Day. In that particular painting, you could see that the boy was struggling to get away, kicking his feet up as the moon’s teeth sank into his little legs. The scream on his face was very detailed too, the way his mouth fell open, the jerk of panic in his expression. He knew he was going to die. Where’d he go? No one will ever know were the words at the bottom of the painting. 
It gave Dayne the creeps. 
“Oh damn it, we forgot to get paint,” Daryl suddenly complained. He was tired and hot. “June asked me to stop off somewhere and get some. Fuck. Probably should have got it back in the city.”
“Yeah, no shit,” Dayne said. Her head hit the window two seconds later. At first she thought something had flown in through the window and hit her. Then she realized it had been her dad. His hand flew off the steering wheel and smacked her without him even having to look over at her. He couldn’t hold back anymore. The long drive to Chicago, the week-long silent treatment. Her constant attitude. 
Dayne hadn’t meant to sound smart – she talked like that all of the time. It used to not make him so angry. In fact, when her parents were still together they always found her spunky side hilarious. 
Daryl pulled off the road and onto the sand, heading right out towards the beach. She thought for a second he was going to drive right into the water. Drown them both, just get it over with. Then he slammed on the brakes so they were a few inches from the wet sand. A big sign read PARADISE COVE CONSTRUCTION CREW ONLY but Daryl paid no mind. People must have decided that the open space was an entrance  because it had many different tire tracks in the sand. They reminded Dayne of the marks the couch left in their beige carpet back in North Carolina. 
Dayne looked up at all the half-built houses facing the calm beach. She was sobbing intensely, her hand covering the fresh  welt on her face. This one was right below her right eye. He’d smacked her right along her cheekbone so it felt like he’d tenderized the meat in her face. 
She glanced out at the protective tarpaulin sheet on one of the houses as it flapped around in the breeze. It was covered with small red lettering: Millford & Sons. The houses were still vacant – untouched by anyone’s bad decorating schemes. 
A sign advertised: A New Paradise Coming This Summer.
Paradise. There was that word again. 
Dayne sat very still, listening to the flapping sound of the tarps. Maybe if she was quiet and still enough, she would disappear. 
Daryl spoke to her in a very cold manner, “I want you to listen to me, kid. I don’t like this sudden attitude you take with everything. You’re not eighteen yet and you need to mind yourself. Are we clear?”
Dayne stared out at the water, not saying a word. Daryl yanked her by her ponytail so her face was practically in his lap. 
“Don’t you fucking act like you didn’t hear me!” he snapped through gritted teeth. 
“OWE!” Dayne cried out in pain. The unexpectancy of Daryl’s temper was almost as bad as the abuse itself. 
“I SAID DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!” Daryl said in a voice as tight as his fist around her soft blonde hair. The control felt very good to him – very satisfying. He couldn’t stop Leslie from walking out the door and banging some guy with a goatee, but he could control Dayne. He still had a good two weeks before she officially became an adult. 
The sound of her crying was like music to his ears. Like The Eagles or Crosby, Stills and Nash. It scared him how much he approved of it. He even got hard.
He held her tight as she moaned in pain. His eyes moved to her long legs. The slutty dress she had on had risen above her thigh. She watched as the front of his jeans expanded. She couldn’t hear the waves of the beach crashing down or the flapping sound of the protective sheathing anymore. Her ears were plugged with fear. It was like she was in some black hole where no one could save her. 
“Your mom mentioned you were still a virgin,” Daryl said in a tone that was new and scary – angry and cheerful all at once. “I was honestly quite shocked.” A dark laugh slipped through his lips. He waited for her to say something. “Is it true?” he asked, running his finger along her lips. She was crying, her lips were soaked with tears.
“Please!” she yelped. No one was out here. It was completely desolate. She watched dreadfully as he put his hand on the swollen area of his pants. 
“Don’t you fucking move,” he warned, pulling on her hair even harder, his fist locked around her ponytail. She looked like Leslie the day they met. She’d been hanging out in front of a Woolworth talking to some friends of hers. She was wearing white jeans rolled up to her knees, a snug white blouse and penny loafers. Her long blonde hair was in a ponytail just like Dayne’s. Daryl would never forget that day. The day she put change in the mechanical horse outside as he made his way over to her.
Daryl removed his hand from his swollen crotch and placed it on Dayne’s knee as she continued to sob. She reached back to try and free her hair from his hand and he grabbed her wrist and slammed it back down on the seat. 
“NO!” she cried out again as he started to undo his jeans.
“I’ll show you what to do with your hands,” Daryl smirked when someone suddenly tapped on Dayne’s window. His grip on her hair loosened so she could pull away. She turned and looked. There stood Rocky Normandy. The wind was blowing his black hair across his pale face. It was such a shock to see him that Dayne stopped crying and just sat there, completely bewildered. Rocky motioned for her to roll the window down. She did. He noticed her face was swollen and soaked with tears. It didn’t take him long to recognize the fear in her eyes. He knew that fear very well. He’d felt it his whole life. 
Rocky looked at Daryl and said, “You can’t park here, man.” Then he leaned forward so Dayne could smell Dr. Pepper on him because he never really washed his hair. He unfolded his fist like he had at school, but this time something fell out of it. It was narrow and silver. It fell to the floorboard. Dayne grabbed it before her dad could see. It was a pocketknife. She looked back at Rocky and he gave her a quick wink before straightening up. 
“Construction crew only,” Rocky informed, knocking on the hood of the dusty jeep with his fist. “You gotta go.” 
Then he stepped back. Dayne looked out at him, not wanting him to go. Of course if she ever wanted to find him again it would be very easy on account of those orange glow-in-the-dark pants of his.
Daryl sped out of Paradise Cove, giving Rocky the finger as he went. Dayne kept the knife in her hand. She’d stab him if he tried anything else. 
 
MAY 29TH, 2007
Images of that summer night at the beach house ran through Maggie’s mind. They were all drunk on champagne – her, Tyler and Dayne. The Green Day song Dayne sang that night, Welcome to Paradise, was playing at the coffee shop. “For some strange reason it’s now feeling like my home and I’m never gonna go…” 
Why was it playing this morning, of all mornings? She glanced down at the copy of The Shore and More with Dayne’s picture and the awful headline. She’d been carrying it around with her everywhere. From the couch to the bedroom. From the bedroom to the couch. From home to work. She read all of the awful details. The torn dress, the torn underwear. The fact that she’d been stabbed forty-one times. 
“LATTE FOR MAGGIE!” the barista shouted, causing Maggie to jump in her seat. She got up, folded the paper so she saw ads instead of Dayne’s pretty face and shoved it into her bag and grabbed her drink. 
She walked out onto State Street. It was a warm sunny morning. Weather wise, one couldn’t ask for a better day. But her mind was in a dark, cold and rainy place. Who killed Dayne? Who would? 
Greene and Lowenfield Publishers was in the building right across from The Chicago Theatre. Maggie would stare out at the iconic Chicago Theatre marquee all day from her desk. She’d shut her eyes and smell champagne, feel Dayne’s soft pouty lips against hers, hear loud grunge music blasting before the smoke alarm went off. She’d open her eyes and see the words 
WHO THE HELL KILLED DAYNE NICHOLS? on the Chicago Theatre marquee, a feature showing every day and night in Maggie’s head. The woods were always darker in her version, and everyone was guilty. Maggie couldn’t stop obsessing, picturing it all happening no matter how hard she tried not to. She had quite an imagination, which was why she thought she’d be a writer. Instead she was an agent, which was the second best thing, she supposed. She’d written a few things, halfass attempts at books, but never finished them. Tyler had a few breakdowns over the last few years and she was worried that if she didn’t focus on being the best agent she could be, things would go under. 
Maggie looked over at her coworker, Vanessa, who was typing away. Maggie tried to focus on work. Lord knew Vanessa was. Vanessa was an overachiever. She was constantly trying to improve herself every chance she got. When she took a vacation, everyone thought she was just going to Florida to visit relatives but she went to some secret location and got breast implants. When she came back, no one could stop talking about them. Then one of Vanessa’s clients became a bestseller. Great things were always happening for Vanessa.
Maggie took a deep breath and looked over at Vanessa’s giant fake tits. Maggie supposed she was lucky, hers were just naturally huge. She didn’t show them off though (and some days they gave her backaches). On her days off, Maggie still lived in baggy rock t-shirts. For work, she wore nice black pants and a blouse and dress jacket, the bare minimum that passed for office attire. And she finally owned a pair of Doc Martens. Vanessa, meanwhile, was decked out in designer this and that. She had blonde streaks in her reddish auburn hair and smelled like whatever latest hip perfume Calvin Klien just put out.
Maggie checked some emails, but she still couldn’t focus. It wasn’t just Dayne, it was the sex she had last night with Tyler. It was so unpredictable and so incredible that she was still sore. Tyler hadn’t fucked her that good in years. She’d been Maggie Taboada for almost a decade now and last night might have been the best sex they ever had. She could feel him as she sipped her latte. That delectable soreness. That type of soreness that made her feel special – wanted. Oh shit. She forgot to get the morning-after pill. She looked up at Vanessa as if she could do something about it. All Maggie could do was sit there with the image of her pussy drenched in Tyler’s semen. Those bastard sperm making their way to her eggs.  
“Oh god…” Maggie hadn’t meant to say that out loud. Vanessa gave her a funny look before she went back to replying to an email. 
It was too late now. It was almost noon. If she was pregnant, she was pregnant. Her mind drifted back to last night, the way Tyler was penetrating her, the hot stuff he was saying in that low, always unshakable voice of his. It was like she’d fallen back in love with him all over again. With that mysterious boy from North Carolina with the big dark eyes. Yeah, him. 
She was tired when she got home yesterday. All she wanted to do was curl up on their new couch and try to not think about Dayne, which was impossible. 
She managed to sneak in a couple of glasses of delicious red wine before the recessed lighting suddenly flooded the first floor of their apartment. She looked up to find Tyler standing there. She hadn’t even heard him come downstairs. Tyler could be incredibly quiet when he wanted to be. His small feet were always dressed in earth-tone socks. His disheveled brown hair was its usual cool mess. He wore a plain brown baseball cap over it. His jeans rode fashionably low on him. 
There was a time when Tyler only did laundry if the motel he was staying at had a laundry room or if a laundromat was in walking distance. He wore the same jeans pretty much every day back then, and they’d get so dirty that if you put your hand on them it would leave a handprint. If they got bad enough to attract flies he would wash them out in the motel sink. One time he couldn’t get the stopper back up and left the sink full of dirty water for the maid to find. Sometimes he’d walk into a laundry room and take something when someone wasn’t paying attention, or buy clothes from a thrift store if he had enough change. A five-dollar bill could buy a whole outfit from the Salvation Army. Nowadays, Maggie did his laundry.
Tyler rarely came into the living room. Maggie had a feeling his latest attempt to avoid the space had to do with the Rain Grey sofa. Or possibly her. He was losing interest. He spent most of his time playing video games or working part time at Mike’s Bikes in Wicker Park. 
Maggie shut her laptop. She’d looked The Hut Motel up online. Its website wasn’t much, just a few photos of the exterior and of the rooms, which featured either one king bed or two twin beds, motel art of the beach, and beige curtains on the windows and sliding glass doors.
“Whatcha doin?” Tyler asked, standing between the kitchen and living room, both were open spaces that bled into each other. They didn’t bother with a dining room table. If they ate at home, it was either on the coffee table or outside.
“Can’t sleep,” Maggie said. Tyler was also a bit of an insomniac but he never looked tired. He never got fat. He’d maintained the same boyish looks he had back in the 90s. How? It was almost eerie. Maybe it was because they never had kids, so he never acquired that dad bod. Or maybe it was the motorcycle accident in October of 1999. It just left him scrawny. It was a miracle he survived. Or maybe it was his strict diet of eggs and tofu tacos. He never ate sweets or meat or even put milk or sugar in his coffee. He didn’t drink alcohol either and scoffed at the mere mention of it. He expected Maggie to stop drinking when they got married. 
“Why aren’t you asleep?” Tyler was waiting for an 
explanation or a full novel about why Maggie was still awake. He didn’t like to wake up and find her side of the bed cold. 
She glanced up from the paper and looked at him.
“I was thinking about...well, maybe we could go to Chase’s Landing. We could stay at The Hut.”
Tyler gave her a blank stare. His beard was quite thick. He’d only shaved a few days ago and already looked like The Wolfman. She looked him over – the new Levi’s, the simple white Hanes His Way t-shirt that showed off his decent biceps from dirt bike racing. Many women would love to be with Tyler. He still had that handsome, noble looking face. Those same big black eyes he looked at her with at Blackbird Cafe for the first time, with his motorcycle helmet tucked under his arm, on that unforgettable May night. He had a bad childhood and did some things in his early twenties he wasn’t too proud of but now he fixed motorcycles for a living and was that dark dangerous kind of handsome that kept women wet. He never quite crossed over to settling down. The fire was still burning, but not raging. 
Unfortunately the spark between him and Maggie just seemed to evaporate. 
“Why?” he finally spoke.
Maggie shrugged. “Just...to go.” 
He scratched his eyebrow, annoyed.
“Come to bed.”
Maggie didn’t want to go to bed. Because she couldn’t sleep. And she wasn’t going to do what he said this time. The room grew so quiet she could hear him opening another tiny packet of nicorette gum. Tyler didn’t chew loudly. Like everything else, he did it quietly. He was always very quiet – like he didn’t want people to know he existed. Maggie knew why. Because of his mother telling him every day of his life that he wasn’t supposed to happen.
“Do you think it was her dad?” Maggie wondered about Dayne’s killer.
“Huh?” Tyler asked like he was mad she’d ask something like that. 
“Dayne. Do you think her dad killed her? She hated him, it was like she was scared of him.”
Tyler just stared at Maggie blankly. 
“How should I know?” he eventually said, like he didn’t care. “Come to bed. You’re not doing anyone any good being up late thinking about this stuff.” 
He dropped the blister packet the gum had been in on the coffee table. Whenever Maggie found time to clean, she’d find those empty nicorette packets all over the house. 
She looked back at the TV, defiant. Dayne’s jaw was missing. That was all she could really think about. Stabbing her forty-one times wasn’t enough, apparently. They had to rip her jaw clean off her face. Who could do something like that?
She really needed a drink. Or maybe a few bottles.
“I can’t sleep.”
“You’re not trying to sleep,” he said, argumentative. 
Maggie thought back to when they got their first place. It was before Tyler’s motorcycle crash. They lived in Rogers Park. They were young, cool, beautiful. Unstoppable. There was a spot in a warehouse around the corner not too far from the Jarvis L station where a band practiced at night. Maggie could hear them from her balcony. The rock band was rough around the edges but showed real talent once they found their groove. She would sip her wine and wonder if that could have been her and Dayne if things hadn’t turned so grim. There were times when she wondered if Dayne had lived that maybe Tyler would have married her instead, or maybe Maggie and Dayne would have been in a relationship. They’d sit at home on their couch, writing music together. Like Indigo Girls. Or Veruca Salt. Dayne had so many sides to her, she could have done so much. 
Right after Dayne was taken, Tyler was very committed to being there for Maggie. When it was one thing after another. First Dayne. Then her mom passed away. Then Lola. Tyler was there for all of it, vowing to never leave her side. Then when he had his horrible accident it was her turn to be there for him. Their bond was woven by hard times and pain more than love and happiness.
She took a deep breath and looked up at him cautiously. 
“I need a drink,” she dared say. 
“If you were asleep right now, would you need a drink?” he asked like he knew everything.
“No but I’m not, Tyler.” Her tone shocked him. She was sick of him berating her. Every so often, Maggie came out of her polite shell. “And I really don’t understand how you’re so fucking unaffected by this.”
He stood there, looking more tense than ever. Maggie rarely cursed so when she did it had quite an impact.
“Maggie,” he said, using his final warning tone of voice. “Come to bed. I’m not having this conversation right now.”
“Okay then when would you like to have it? Because if not now you’ll be playing video games or fixing bikes!” Maggie rarely shouted either. If she had a drink she wouldn’t feel so unhinged.
Tyler watched as she got up and marched into the kitchen. Every angry footstep was a cry of rebellion. She opened the cupboard and took out a bottle of red wine so he could clearly see it. Then she put it on the island so he had an even better view. Tyler just stood there, incredibly still, his face expressionless, his dark eyes wide and observant. 
She twisted the cap off of the bottle of Epiphany. Then she took a glass and filled it to the rim, gulped it down and placed the glass down on the island so it made the most innocent clink. She poured more wine into it and took the glass and the bottle over to the controversial Rain Grey couch. She was tempted to spill some wine on it. Why not! She paid for it. She paid for everything they had.
Maggie turned up Dexter and sipped her wine as Dexter covered some madman with some plastic bag and started to saw him in half. The entire time, Tyler hadn’t moved. He was just staring. She took another sip of wine, he stared. It was like she wanted to be punished. 
She bent her legs so her feet rested on the couch and her knees were against her chest. Tyler was no longer focused on the wine she shouldn’t be drinking, but on the healthy glow her skin had tonight. How her breasts pressed against her pajama top because it had shrunk too much in the dryer. Maggie sucked at updating her wardrobe. She dressed like it was still 1997. But she had big, beautiful, freckled tits and that was all Tyler could suddenly think about. He’d never forget the first night he saw them. 
He observed her as she sat there on the overly priced couch. Her blue satin sleep shorts fell away from her inner thighs so he could see the swollen lips of her sex. He was suddenly painfully hard. The way she sat there, obviously testing him, and yet the way she appeared so soft and vulnerable. 
She finished her wine as he looked at her knees, imagining his hands forcing them apart. And two voices in his mind wrestled:
The way your father would do?
Shut up.
He’d take her right there on the couch. On the brand new Rain Grey sofa, and splatter it with semen. Or come inside of her. It had been a while. Why not? She was his wife after all. 
She’d put that sweet smelling lotion all over herself earlier in the bathroom as part of her routine before she went to bed. He could smell it from where he stood, like some heavenly baked good. 
For her hair, she made her own home remedy of avocado oil and vanilla extract. It did a good job of taming her frizzy curls. It also had a subtle heavenly scent to it.
Now he was staring at her with an appetite so destructive he considered leaving, going out to the dunes, somewhere where he was far away from people so he couldn’t hurt them.
Something your old man should have done.
Shut up. 
Then she just exploded. 
“Why aren’t you upset?! They found her! Why aren’t you upset?!” 
Tyler was upset. He was upset about a lot of things. By every decision people made and how it determined the rest of their lives and how most of the time they were the wrong decisions so their whole lives were suddenly on the wrong path but turning back around and trying to right everything was just as exhausting so they stayed on the wrong path just hoping things would correct themselves. And that was what this marriage felt like, but every so often the wrong path presented some nice scenery, like how she looked tonight on the sofa.
“Maggie...I do care,” he finally said, in a voice that was surprisingly soft and mellow. “But sometimes caring doesn’t change anything. She’s still going to be dead. Okay we fucked up – we fucked up that night – what do you want me to do?” Now he sounded defensive. 
Your dad wouldn’t care what happened to Dayne. Hell, maybe he did it.
Shut. Up.
“The killer’s still out there,” she said after a minute. That was really all anyone knew – not who he was, just that he was still out there.
He walked over and sat down next to her and put his hand on that luminous knee of hers. 
“They’ll find him, there’s DNA...you’ve got to have some faith in that.” Tyler was using his low, convincing tone of voice.
Maggie bit her lip and tried to control her crying. Waves of the laundry detergent on his clothes along with the scent of his nicorette gum hit her. After a minute, she let her guard down and leaned into him. Tyler put his arm around her and they both sat there caught up in the silence. Maggie slowly turned in his arms so her head was pressed against his chest. She inhaled his scent again. She could see his black chest hair through his flimsy white shirt. She wanted to be held. Needed to be. She wanted the bad thoughts to stop scrolling across her brain. The same feeling of fear and paranoia she had all summer long in 1997 was creeping up around her again. What if the killer was still out there? What if he was coming for them next?
Tyler wrapped his arms around her as tight as he could. She gave this cute moan in return that made his cock even harder. She felt soft in his arms and smelled sweet. She smelled like autumn. Dayne had smelled like summer.
He gave her a kiss on the top of her head and ran his hands down along her hair so it pressed against her face. It was the sweetest moment they’d had in years. Maggie pressed her face against him even more. She grabbed some of his messy hair, locking it in her hand. The seeking of comfort was slowly turning into something more. The need for him to be inside of her. To feel a little pain to go with the comfort. Him – his cock – his solid self assurance. He was so warm. 
Soon they were kissing, his tongue rolling around hers, the feel of his scratchy beard thrilled her all over again. He was rough with her and she was in the mood for it.
“Mmm…” she moaned as he kissed her neck and slid down the couch and spread her legs. He was rubbing against her like a horny teenage boy. She remembered a night in the fall of 1998. They’d just returned from Blockbuster Video and were watching SLC Punk and they made out on the couch, her hand under his Lemonheads shirt, his skin was so warm. They made love and afterwards, he proposed to her. “Let’s just do it,” he said to her amazed face. “You’re the perfect girl.” She said yes. The engagement ring was quite nice but she still wondered sometimes if he stole it. 
Tyler trailed her neck with more kisses, kissed her neck some more so his beard irritated her soft skin she’d just nourished with her nighttime lotioning routine. She heard the sound of his belt buckle being pulled loose. 
“Oh…” she moaned sweetly and looked down at his hand as he undid his jeans. He kissed her gently. He tasted like black pepper because of that nicorette gum. She kissed him back hard, knowing she was about to get it. She pressed herself against him, grabbing his ass to keep him right there. He moaned in her ear to let her know he loved that. The feeling of being needed – wanted – instead of being told he should have never happened to begin with. And she loved the feeling of his hard cock in those dirty jeans. 
Her sleep shorts fumbled around, just useless silk material. They couldn’t protect her. She felt the silver clasp of his belt buckle pinching her thigh.
“OH!” she cried out and started to go a little crazy. He grabbed her wrists, administering control, and kissed her harder than he ever had. She loved the feel of his scratchy beard, the feel of the buckle pinching her inner thigh, his furious cock just waiting to be inside of her. A crazy sigh left her lips and he kissed her madly. He tasted like pepper and she tasted like wine. Her hand managed to slip away from his hold and she pulled at his hair again.
“Hey,” he said under his breath, laughing a little. He took her wrists and held them tighter this time, so she wouldn’t be able to slip and slide like a fish. “What are you trying to do, huh?” he lectured in his authoritative tone, making her hotter for him.
She moaned and played like she was trying to escape.
“You want me to be bald,” he asked, holding her tight. “Huh?”
“No…”
“Then stop pulling my fucking hair,” he warned before he ogled her breasts as long as he wanted. A brand new interest in them seemed to consume him. Her breasts pressed against that worn out cotton top, just begging to be groped. He licked his lips hungrily and put his teeth on the buttons, undoing them. She couldn’t believe it. He unbuttoned her top with his teeth. 
She lied there, her chest heaving beneath his gaze, her wrists cuffed in his fingers, her nipples hard and pointy. 
“Oh…” she moaned.
“Shh.” He stared at her beautiful freckled tits and covered the right one with his mouth, his teeth sinking into her delectable soft flesh. 
“MMM!” She twisted about, playing like she wanted to be let go. He bit her nipple.
“Oh god!” she cried out. 
He paused, looking up at her with those dark sometimes-puppy-dog-eyes-and-sometimes-ominous-eyes from where his mouth covered her breast. She moved slightly, then she fell still and obedient under his gaze.  
“You’re lucky if I don’t eat you alive tonight,” he scolded, before placing a hand down on her thigh and pulling those silly sleep shorts to the side. She lifted her head and looked surprised that the shorts were so accessible to his needs. Then, just like that, he was inside her. 
“Oh!” her head fell back in shock and he loved her neck more with bearded kisses. “OH!” he’d never been so hard and so determined. Her body quaked beneath him – just this soft, sweet playland of flesh as he went mad on her.  
“Please!”
“Please what?” he calmly replied, feeling how wet she was. 
“Oh!” She didn’t know please what, she didn’t know anything at that moment.
“Yeah,” he groaned, thrilled with how it was going. 
He kissed her again, his beard scratching up her soft face, his tongue determined as it filled her mouth and blocked any words she might have said. His fingers were still wrapped around her wrists as he penetrated her.
“No,” she played. Tyler was somewhat surprised. He was also thrilled. His cock was still throbbing as he kept penetrating her. 
Then whispered in her ear, “No, huh?” and gave a cocky laugh.
“Mmm…” she turned her head to avoid his kiss, turning the roleplay up a notch. He grabbed her face and forced a kiss on her lips and quickened his thrusts. 
“No,” she repeated.
“Shut up.”
“Please!” she begged, her breasts jiggling. He kept going,
pinning her down and filling her mouth with pepper-tasting kisses. 
“Stop fucking moving or I’ll tie you up,” he warned. Maggie eventually stopped roleplaying and he sank into her so deep and powerful that her body shook from a crazy orgasm. He licked both of her nipples, staring hungrily at the freckle-dotted flesh. Her body kept shaking. He kept going, putting his hand over her mouth as she started moaning. She wasn’t fighting anymore though. The orgasm wiped her out. He grabbed her tits and squeezed them as she laid there overwhelmed, and came inside of her. 
“Oh Jesus…” he moaned over her shoulder. 
They lied there for a while, in the aftermath of what had been the most awesome sex in years. His baseball cap was on the floor. The wine glass had been knocked over and a spill of crimson red covered the coffee table. The night had come undone. He ravished her. The night ravished them.


They sat on the couch looking like two kids that just stepped off a rollercoaster and got more thrills than they bargained for. Tyler started laughing. Maggie did too. It felt good to laugh, to let loose. She reached for her wine and drank right there in front of him, not thinking twice about it. 
She placed it back down on the coffee table and pressed her face against his neck. Tyler spent so much time in the sun riding around on his dirt bike that it was like his neck was permanently sun-kissed, not to mention his natural olive complexion. Warm. He was so warm.
She watched as he fixed his pants. She stared at his fat cock, now limp like some happy slug, as he tucked it in and his fingers trailed up along the three buttons of his Levi’s until everything was back together, then he pulled his shirt over his waist and sat there, lost in bliss. 
She straightened up and looked back at the Dexter episode. She’d forgotten she turned the TV on. Tyler reached down for his hat and things slowly returned to normal. But normal was never quite normal with them. 
She took a deep breath and felt Tyler’s hand on her shoulder.
“You alright?” he asked, squeezing her shoulder a little. She was numb from the sex. 
“Yeah.” She looked at him and thought, ‘thank god I still have you, thank god they haven’t taken you.’ “I am.” She leaned back towards him and he kissed her on her head. 
“We should get the morning after pill,” he said after a long moment of silence. They hadn’t bothered with a condom.
“Yeah…” she said, pausing to yawn. “I’ll get one in the morning.” 
“I can pay for it,” he said, because he’d like to pay for something. 
“No, it’s fine.” 
Then the strange concept of having a child crept into their minds. The child tomorrow morning could turn into if she forgot to get the pill. And the big question they never really asked each other out loud: HOW COME WE DON’T HAVE KIDS? 
If they went to some barbecue or other get-together some coworker of Maggie’s had, someone always asked them that. “So you guys don’t have kids?” which was always asked in the same tone as WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Tyler didn’t want kids. He himself was a mistake – the cycle must be stopped.
“You sure?” Tyler checked, popping open another little piece of nicorette gum. She watched his fingers press down on the blister and out came the yellow square piece of gum. 

Maggie stared at Vanessa as panic ran through her. What if she was pregnant? It would be a cute baby, she decided. But Tyler didn’t want kids. Did she? Sometimes. But sometimes wasn’t enough. Because if she had a kid, the kid would be there all of the time.
Vanessa kept typing, staring at her computer and every once in a while glancing over at Maggie who wasn’t doing a damn thing.  
Then Maggie just blurted, “I had sex.” 
Vanessa finally stopped typing. 
“What?” she frowned.
“Oh...I had sex...this weekend,” Maggie elaborated, while also wishing she’d never said a word.
“With your husband?” Vanessa asked, still bewildered. 
“Uh, yeah,” Maggie sort of laughed. Who else would she have sex with? Eddie Vedder?
“Great,” Vanessa said. She looked down at her keyboard, bewildered, and slowly started typing again. 
“Did you?” Maggie had never been good at making small talk.
Vanessa paused again and stared at her. Vanessa went to bars every weekend with her snooty blonde friend, Aratona. What kind of name was that? Maggie didn’t know. It rhymed with Arizona. Aratona had fake tits too, and bleached blonde hair. She wore black vinyl pants to all the hip clubs. 
“Maggie, are you okay?” Vanessa asked, pushing her chair away from her desk a little. She was looking at Maggie like she thought she should be strapped down to a bed in some asylum somewhere.
“I’m great,” Maggie swore. 
Maybe she should take a vacation. Her and Tyler needed time away. Maybe they could get some closure on that summer if they went back to Chase’s Landing. Maybe they could reconnect and he’d change his mind about wanting kids. 
“So I was wondering about summer vacations, do you think I could take time off?” Maggie asked Vanessa.
“Sure, yeah,” Vanessa answered too quickly, and not looking up from her computer. “Just talk to Karen.”
Maggie nodded, feeling insecure about her job all of the sudden, and worried that she was pregnant. 


At five pm, she met Tyler on State Street in front of her building. He gave Maggie a hug, which was unexpected. He acted like he’d missed her. They had plans to go get pizza. Pizza was Maggie’s favorite food. She was deprived as a teenager, dreaming of going to Pizza Hut while instead having to spend another lonely evening eating whatever they had in the house. 
So every other Thursday, if they could, Tyler took Maggie out to eat at Uno on Ohio Street. Uno was known for its famous Chicago-style deep dish pizza. She liked the warm cozy atmosphere the place offered. 
They hugged again before heading to the L. 
“Did you remember to get the pill?” he asked as they rushed up the stairs to catch the train pulling into the station.
“Yes,” Maggie told him. She kept it a secret that she hadn’t, and he kept it a secret that he had a terrible dream earlier on the couch that his father killed Dayne.
Dayne was still gripping the pocketknife when Daryl pulled up into June’s driveway. She’d been holding it so tight that the image of a deer carved into the handle was imprinted in the palm of her hand. She sat there as Daryl lit a cigarette. 


Judas White looked down at the evidence bag with the torn white dress in it, along with the victim’s underwear. He glanced at what was written on the bag. Victim: Dayne Nichols. Type of offense: Stabbing. The line for the suspect’s name was still blank.
He took her underwear out first. It was blue. The tag had managed to stay intact all these years and read Sweet Dreams. It was a brand from the 90s that no longer existed. The underwear had been torn at the hip. It was a neat tear. It was probably cut with a knife. But if the killer intended on raping her, he didn’t get that far. So what happened? That was the big question. What happened that night between the hours of 2 am when Dayne left her aunt’s house and the next morning when the sun came up and her hungover friends called the cops? 
White took the dress out and splayed it out on the crime lab table. The back was muddy, which meant she probably spent some time on her back in the woods with her killer on top of her. The dress was torn down the middle. The material there was shredded. It wasn’t a neat tear like her panties, which meant the killer probably tore the dress with his bare hands. 
White stood back. He was sensitive. He didn’t think he’d be as good at his job if he wasn’t, but in that terrible moment he could sense what this girl had gone through. Fear. Shock. Pain. No time to fight back. She’d been stabbed forty-one times. It was hard to believe with her skinny body there were even enough places for the knife to go. It took an angry person to stab someone ten times – but forty-one? That was a special kind of rage.
White was sure at some point pure anger took over and the killer no longer wanted to rape her as much as he wanted to kill her. Or maybe he got scared that he’d be caught if he took the time to sexually assault her. Or maybe – and this happened sometimes – the killer got so excited he ejaculated in his pants already and just got on with the killing.
White tried to put together a series of events: The killer knocked her out. Then he cut her panties, planning on assaulting her. Then she woke up. There was a struggle. He stabbed her. Then he just couldn’t stop. Again and again, the knife went into her flesh. Some wounds were deeper than others. But they weren’t wide wounds – the blade had been small, but impossibly sharp. 
White imagined her trying to fight, twisting and turning on the muddy ground to stop him from killing her, a seventeen year-old girl in the middle of the woods with a madman on top of her, collecting more mud on that white dress. It was like the killer went somewhere else, blacked out, and just kept doing it over and over again. It was addictive. He got lost in a trance, like one would playing a video game.
White wondered what Dayne thought the morning she slipped the blue underwear on. Certainly not that it would be her last day ever, certainly not that her killer would be the one removing them from her in the middle of an abandoned waterpark.
White worked quietly and efficiently. It would probably be months, possibly years, before they found their answer. Their killer. 
He cut the stains from the dress and underwear with a scalpel. The items were placed in tubes, each containing two item parts for each item. The goal was separation. The devil was in the details. Long days in the cold lab would trace back to that warm day in late May of 1997, to secrets, to casual glances and laughter, to an unexpected guest pulling up to a social gathering, to crunchy leaves and muddy ground in the forest, to someone hiding and watching and waiting, to teenagers feeling immortal, to champagne breath and stabwounds. 
White would find out everything, or at least help an army of men – forensic scientists, cops, detectives – find out everything.
Following the addition of 1 mL 20% Chelex solution, the sample tubes were incubated for one hour. Time and temperature were gods and goddesses in this case. After an hour, the tubes would spend eight minutes in a heating block. Following incubation and centrifugation, the supernatants were transferred to 2 m sample tubes. Stains, secrets and summer, the residue of all three, were slowly separating. And if it took months or even years, the truth would eventually be revealed.


Mr. Cool
FRIDAY MAY 23RD, 1997
The Ladybug was a steakhouse out by Chicago’s O’Hare Airport, where a steady line of traffic was always coming from or going to the airport. Hotel signs gleamed right around sundown. Mrs. Wilhelm liked to go out there because everything felt like it was in transition. It reminded her that life wasn’t just about eating the same TV dinner in the same house every day, pulling out of the same driveway and going to the same school every day for an underpaid, underappreciated teaching job.
Out here, she felt like she could be anybody. 
She spent two hours at JC Penny last night trying to find the perfect outfit, too. It couldn’t be bland, she was so tired of being bland. It couldn’t be anything too over-the-top either, because she was at that age where edgy became goofy.
She booked a room at a nearby Holiday Inn just in case it was more than just dinner. She couldn’t recall the last time she got laid. 
Mrs. Wilhelm’s kids moved away years ago and only called on the holidays. A Christmas card eventually came in the mail. She used to keep all of them on the fireplace mantel until there were too many and she scooped them up and threw them in a drawer. She didn’t want cards, she wanted company. But lately her needs began to shift. She wanted male company. The feel of a man’s selfish warm hands all over her, for example.
When Mr. Cooke asked her out yesterday by the coke machine she was completely shocked. He was just so nonchalant about it too: “Hey, are you doing anything tomorrow night? Would you like to hang out?” he asked as he tossed a penny in the air, catching it in his hand each and every time. The kids at Tafford High thought he was cool because he had a NIN bumper sticker on his car for the band Nine Inch Nails. It was how he got the nickname Mr. Cool. 
They arranged to meet at the steakhouse at 7 pm. It was your typical steakhouse affair. It had a decent selection of draft beer and margaritas and the burgers were always cooked to perfection. It wasn’t expensive like Coda di Volpe, the Italian place downtown, but that was fine. Theresa Wilhelm would take a jukebox over a snooty atmosphere any day.
She pulled into the parking lot a few minutes before 7 pm. The bright red and black LADYBUG marquee gleamed proudly out at Cumberland Avenue. Traffic was steady. The sky was a gorgeous display of sunset blues and pinks. It was 82 degrees. 
She sat in her car for a few minutes as insecurity took over. Were her jeans too tight? Was she too old for the shiny lip gloss she’d just put on? Who was this person? She spent 180 days out of the year in white Keds and floral dresses. 
Tonight she wore her dark hair down. She thought the grey jeans fit nicely. She paired them with a dressy pair of black stilettos, which she was nervous about.
She got out and carefully walked towards the entranceway. She could hear the music blaring on the jukebox as people came out of the restaurant. Theresa loved music. The day Rocky Normandy strolled into class in a tight Led Zeppelin shirt, she wanted to say “right on!” But imagine that. He would have laughed in her face. She had to stay The Teacher. 
She pulled the door open and stepped into the little area where people waited to be seated. Play That Funky Music by Wild Cherry was playing. The intense smell of comfort food greeted her. The AC was on full blast. Lively conversation exploded from the bar. TV’s hung above it, all on the same sports channel. Servers zigzagged around with hot plates stacked along their arms. Theresa’s mouth watered. They had marvelous burgers here with big fluffy buttery buns and little American flags stuck in them. They weren’t stingy when it came to condiments either. Ketchup poured out from the middle of the burger, plopping onto the plate. A slice of melted cheese blanketed the meat, drooping down over the bottom bun. Burgers came with thick juicy pickles and a choice of giant steak fries or coleslaw. For dessert, they had chocolate fudge cake or banana splits.
A hostess rushed over to Theresa.
“Hi there ma’am, just one?” 
Theresa cringed at the word ‘ma’am. 
“No, I’m meeting someone.”
It felt good to finally be able to say that. Usually it was “just one” or she was picking it up to go back to her quiet lonely house. 
Not tonight! She had a room and everything. No plastic cutlery. Real metal forks and spoons and knives. Hot plates. Conversation. 
“Oh great!” the hostess beamed, grabbing two menus as Theresa looked around for Mr. Cool. She saw him sitting at the bar, nursing a pilsner, eyes peeled to the game on TV. He looked so casual. He was dressed like he was going to the baseball park. He surely didn’t spend two hours at the mall yesterday picking an outfit out for this occasion. 
“Him,” Theresa said. 
The hostess led Theresa over and tapped him on the shoulder. Jim Cooke whipped his head around and smiled, showing off his stained front tooth. Not only was it crooked, but it was brown, the same brown as coffee with a drop of milk. The rest of his teeth were in great condition. It was as if someone had taken that one tooth out, rubbed it in mud and put it back in his mouth in any kind of way. It was a flaw Theresa was willing to overlook if it meant someone finally wined and dined her. And she wasn’t exactly Sharon Stone, after all.
Jim stood up and gave Theresa a hug.
“How’s it goin?” he said.
“Fine,” she replied, blushing as she stepped away. Had it been that long since she’d been close to a man that a hug had such an effect on her?
“Would you like a booth?” the hostess smiled.
“How about the rooftop,” Jim suggested. 
“Yes.” It was what Theresa had been thinking about – a booth upstairs where fresh air surrounded them and they could watch the low-flying airplanes. 
The stairs tested her heels as they went up. Mr. Cooke had nothing to worry about in his sneakers. He glided along. He also had the nice view of the young waitress’s ass. 
The music was even louder up on the deck and everyone was smoking. It reminded Theresa of an Irish pub she went to a long time ago with her ex-husband. Did Mr. Cool smoke? Probably. All those wonderful nuances would soon make themselves known. 
“I was thinking sangria,” Jim suggested when it was time to order drinks.
“Sure,” said Theresa. 
“A pitcher?” the waitress suggested, eyes bright as they jumped from Theresa to Jim. 
He checked by looking at Theresa, who nodded. 
“So,” Jim said, about to break the ice. “You look nice.” She felt like he was just saying that but she smiled anyway.
“Oh thank you. I never wear heels,” she commented.
“Well, you look great in them.”
She blushed. Everything she had on felt too tight. The strap of the left shoe was starting to rub against her heel. Her lip gloss was cheap and gooey and stuck to her lips like bubblegum. 
Relax, she tried to tell herself.
“Well…” Jim clutched his glass of water as awkward first date silence settled in. “We’re almost done.”
Theresa stared at him blankly, not knowing what he meant.
“With school,” he said.
“Oh! Yes, true,” she said.
Jim smiled, showing that awful tooth again. “I say we make a toast to summer.”
“Oh yes, yes,” Theresa nodded.
Jim looked back at the spiral stairs their pretty waitress had gone down.
“As soon as we get our drinks anyway,” he laughed with impatience. 
“Right!” Theresa laughed too hard, as if he’d said some crazy joke. Then they both spoke at the same time, their words crashing into each other’s.
“So what do…” they both began. 
Mr. Cool moved his hand, gesturing for her to go first.
“I was just going to ask what you do for fun,” she said.
“Oh, well…” he scratched his arm and thought about it as he stretched his arms out over his head. Something popped. “Not what I used to. But...I manage to have fun sometimes. You?” he said, his arms dropping into his lap.
That was vague, she thought. But men could be. 
“I haven’t been to the movies in a while.” And that was a hint. Maybe a movie after dinner? Then they could make out in the dark theatre, maybe share a bag of popcorn (fingers touching accidentally and then on purpose) and then they could take things back to the hotel room.
“I can’t recall the last thing I saw,” she added, even though that wasn’t true. It was The Fifth Element a few weeks ago at The Music Box. She sat alone. The popcorn crunching in her mouth seemed so loud. 
She didn’t know why she felt she couldn’t mention the movie to Jim. Then finally the waitress returned with a gorgeous pitcher of dark red sangria with big chunks of fruit floating around inside. Jim stared at it like it was a shimmering pool on a hot summer day. Like he was going to dive right in.
“How are you guys doing so far?” the waitress asked, pouring them their first glass. Her name tag read Ashley. When she smiled, she scrunched up her cute little freckled nose. 
“Okay, Ashley,” Jim smiled. Theresa didn’t like it when someone said someone’s name just because a nametag gave it away. It made it sound like they knew them when they didn’t. 
“Great night to be out! Have you had a chance to look at the menu?” she asked. 
“I have,” Jim said before aiming his hands at Theresa. He had his elbows on the table.
“Not yet,” Theresa said. “I’m sorry.”
“Take your time!” Ashley said, placing the pitcher back down. “I have plenty to do.” She scampered off and more awkward silence occurred. 
Theresa usually got the burger with fries and an extra side of coleslaw. Maybe she’d get something else tonight. She looked over the options and realized she wanted her usual. The steak fries were always so darn good.
Jim picked up his drink.
“Well,” he started a toast, “To the best summer ever.”
“Yes!” Theresa cheered. She didn’t have high expectations for the summer, though she’d been thinking about getting one of those fancy above-ground pools. 
“Will you be teaching summer school?” she asked, in between sipping the sangria. She looked at Jim. She wanted eye contact, she wanted romance. A connection. The less attention he gave her, the more insecure she felt. The tighter her jeans felt. The hotter the fresh blister on the back of her heel got. And she didn’t want to talk about their jobs but she’d already brought it up. 
“Oh no. No,” he replied, looking disgusted by the thought. He gulped his drink and the ice clanked against his stained tooth. It was easy to tell he wished he’d done something else with his life. He’d settled though, and now he was mad about it. Maybe Mr. Cool wasn’t so cool after all. 
“My brother just rented a houseboat,” he said, placing the glass back down. “So I’ll be going out to Indiana to spend some time with him.” He finally glanced up at her, but there was no longing involved. No sign of attraction. A Rolling Stones song came on the jukebox, Paint it Black. “This weekend in fact.”
“Oh, nice. Sounds lovely.” Theresa wished she had a relative to spend the summer with. Her daughters already had plans. 
“Yes, well, he’s sick,” Jim responded, somewhat irritated. It was almost like he was mad at Theresa for insinuating he was going there to have fun, but how was she supposed to know?
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Is it serious?”
“Yes. I’ll keep it short, I don’t want to talk about sad things tonight, but this will be our last summer together.”
“Oh no, Jim...” Theresa’s eyes flooded with tears and he instantly regretted telling her. There was nothing worse than dealing with a crying woman at dinner. “I am so sorry.”
“We’ve accepted it. Thank you,” he said, wishing the hot waitress would come back. Theresa eyed the big glowing jukebox in the corner by the restrooms. 
“I think I’m gonna go put on some tunes,” she said, doing a little dance where she held her fists up in the air and moved her shoulders around. A move she instantly regretted. Jim smiled but Theresa could tell the smile was the result of him trying not to laugh at her. “Would you like to come with me?”
No, his face read. Absolutely not.
“I’m okay,” he said, still smiling wildly. 
Fine, she thought. She was still going to try and make this fun. She stood up and forgot she was in heels. She felt her body falling sideways before she could do anything about it. She landed on the floor in the middle of the aisle in a funny sitting position. People paused from eating and talking to lean over and look at her. She heard someone laugh but wasn’t sure if it was Jim or somebody else. It was embarrassing but not the nastiest spill to occur. 
She got up and felt all eyes on her as she went over to the jukebox. She never wanted to move again. She kept flipping through the CD jackets until she could finally focus and her skin stopped burning from humiliation. 
She picked three songs: My Eyes Adored You by Frankie Valli, Bad Medicine by Bon Jovi and I’ll Stand By You by The Pretenders. One song from each decade. She thought that was cool.
“You alright?” Jim asked when she returned to the table. He still looked quite amused. 
“Oh yeah,” she laughed it off. “Told you I’m not used to heels!” The waitress returned and also asked if she was okay. This was turning into an awful night.
Theresa ordered the burger. She stopped herself from getting coleslaw. One side of fries was enough. Jim got the fish and chips. 
“Quite the new student,” Jim said after the waitress left. 
Theresa was lost again.
“Dayne,” Jim said. “The girl with the guitar.”
“Oh right,” Theresa said. 
“And that dress,” he was still grinning. He’d been dying to talk about Dayne since they arrived, it seemed. 
“Right, yes. She seems sweet,” Theresa said.
“She seems fragile,” Jim corrected in his teacher voice. “I worry about her. She’s that type of girl that wants to come off as tough because she’s not – she’s anything but.” He said all of that just before ripping a piece of fish in half with his teeth, including the rotten one. The soft white insides of the fish stuck out everywhere. 
“Maybe she was just nervous,” Theresa said, trying to look away from the torn fish, heat rising from its insides. “Starting over at a new school and all.”
“No, no,” he shot that idea down quick. “It was her entire being. She just seemed so vulnerable.”
“Hmm.” Theresa watched the waitress tend to a table full of guys. She leaned over and the guy at the end of the table ogled her tits. Then that Bon Jovi song came on and she realized how dumb the lyrics were. “And I don’t need no anesthesia or a nurse to bring a pill, I got a dirty down addiction that doesn’t leave a track, I got a jones for your affection like a monkey on my back. There ain’t no paramedic gonna save this heart attack.” 
Theresa made a pained expression before dipping a steak fry into some ketchup. She dragged it along before finally biting it in half. 
“I just...I see someone like that and I want to help, you know?” Jim went on and on about Dayne Nichols. 
“Help her with what?” Now Theresa was just annoyed.
“With anything,” Jim shrugged. “Her music, feeling safe in Chicago.”
“I definitely think she needs better clothes,” Theresa admitted. “Poor thing.”
He laughed again. She looked up from the ketchup on her plate. If he laughed at her one more time. 
“Well,” he said, his laughter finally dissolving. “It could be her image, since she’s a musician.” Now he sounded hoity-toity. 
“It’s not appropriate,” Theresa said, her tone cold now. “And she’s young. Everyone that age wants to be a rock star.”
“Well, maybe, or maybe she already realizes what she wants to do. Maybe she has a better sense of herself. And she’s a senior – she’s not that young.”
Okay, Theresa thought, just wanting to move on. 
“I had to switch schools when I was her age,” Jim said before she could even think of a different subject. Theresa nodded, acting engaged, but she was starting to find it all creepy. If she sat here talking about one of the weird teenage boys she taught, he would certainly think it was strange. Well that Rocky Normandy sure is one strange bird, but underneath all of his grimy weirdness, he’s kind of cute.  
“I remember how it was being that age, thinking I knew who I was and what I wanted then being judged by a whole new group of people – a whole new place. My heart goes out to her, it really does,” he said, lifting his glass of wine. 
“Where are you from?” she decided to ask, hoping it would lead them to a whole new conversation.
“Oklahoma, and then all of the sudden I get moved to New York.” He rolled his eyes. 
“Wow, that must have been something.”
“Of course. That’s why I feel for Dayne. She’s scared. I can see it in her eyes.”
“It will take some time to adjust, sure. That’s life. It can throw all kinds of stuff at you, but if she wants to be a singer, the big city is better to live in. Don’t you think?”
“Sure, sure,” he agreed, keeping a napkin in his fist. He’d been using it to wipe his hands with this whole time. She wished he’d let it go and use a new one.
She waited, thinking he was going to ask her something about her. Where was Theresa Wilhelm from? What did Theresa Wilhelm like to do on her days off? She cleared her throat when the questions didn’t come. Then to fill in the remarkable silence she asked him another question.
“So how did you end up in Chicago?” she asked.
“My brother. I just started visiting him and eventually moved here.” He sipped his sangria and asked her nothing in return.
The waitress returned for updates.
“How’s everything?” she asked, all bubbly.
“Great,” Theresa said, smiling, trying to hang in there. 
“I think we’ll take the check,” Jim said. Just like that. He decided this was done. Theresa was surprised but she probably shouldn’t have been. This date had been a total disaster. Her three songs were over anyway.  
“I have to get up early to go see my brother,” Jim explained when he saw Theresa’s face.
“Would you like yours to go?” the waitress asked Theresa.
She sat there feeling so stupid. She’d gotten a room and everything. Tears wanted to fill her eyes and run down her cheeks which usually didn’t happen until bedtime. She willed them away.
“Yes,” she managed to say. She stared at her plate. She knew if she looked up at the waitress, she’d start bawling.  
“Sure.” Ashley grabbed the plate.
“And a side of coleslaw to go, please,” Theresa added. 

SATURDAY, MAY 24TH, 1997
Dayne woke up the next day to sunshine filling up her little room. She’d fallen asleep in her mother’s wicker chair with the knife in her hand. Despite the position, she still slept well – better in fact than she had in sometime. The house was quiet. In fact, the whole town seemed quiet. The good thing about alcoholics was they slept late. 
She got up and looked out of the window at the beach. It was the bluest of blues. It was 86 degrees. It was a glorious day. The blue sky nearly matched the beach. No way was she going to stay here on a day like this. 
She pulled on the same white dress, yellow-striped tube socks and her Doc Martens. She dropped the pocketknife down her boot again by her ankle, and slipped out of the house without running into anyone. No one was downstairs, which meant Daryl slept in June’s room. Dayne pushed the thought out of her head and ran out of the house and straight down Ghost Popcorn Road. 
“Hey do you know where I can get some Manic Panic hair dye?” she imagined asking some cool person coming up the road and they’d say yes and tell her of this cool place to check out. If this was Pinewood, she would know where to go. They had some at the Rock n Roll Outlet in the display case at checkout. It was Saturday too. Normally at this hour she’d be getting ready to venture out with Tiffany. Tiffany would dye her hair a navy blue because that was her favorite color. They’d spend the evening trying to get the dye up off the bathroom tile floor while contemplating ordering a pizza. Marilyn Manson songs would play on her CD player. They’d get Tyler to come over because Tiffany’s parents didn’t care what she did or who she did it with. Tiffany’s dad even dyed his beard blue once with the dye Tiffany had left over. They all laughed about it over dinner. When Tiffany announced at the dinner table that she gave Marilyn Manson a blow job, all her parents did was laugh about that too.
Dayne’s grin faded slowly as she looked up at Ghost Popcorn Road. It really did smell like popcorn but it was probably just the hot asphalt. This morning, the road glistened in a sort of haze. No one was on it – not a single car. How could a road this close to the beach be so dead? Maybe things picked up in June. Or maybe people believed the beach town was cursed and stayed away. 
Dayne made a quick stop at The Store for a Dr. Pepper before heading to Paradise Cove. She watched the waves crash down. She heard the seagulls squawking. She stopped at the entrance where her dad had pulled in yesterday. When he almost assaulted her until Rocky appeared. 
She reached down and untied her Doc Martens and pulled her socks off and picked up the knife when it fumbled around in the sand. She put her socks in her boots and carried them in one hand and the knife in the other. The sand was cool under her feet. She took her hair down and let the wind have its way with it. 
It was Saturday so maybe the construction crew had the day off or they started late, but no one was here. The tarp covers blew in the morning breeze. It was her own paradise right now. She explored for a while, pretending it was her own little private island. She let the saltwater kiss her face as the waves curled around her toes. She decided to go skinny dipping, leaving her things in the sand. She slipped her panties down and kicked them aside. No one was watching – that was what she thought anyway. 
She dropped her white dress in the sand and walked out into the warm water. It rushed around her ankles like foamy hands trying to drag her forward, drag her out to The Offing, that fine blue blurry line where the sky met the beach. She smiled and let the rough waves brush against her naked body. He could hear her laughing. He watched her as droplets of water splashed her bare thighs. She was perfect. What made it more tantalizing for him was the fact that she didn’t know he was there. 
The water was warm and soothing. She felt the sand sink beneath her toes in little snake holes from the undercurrent. She laughed again. He could barely hear her. His cock sprung up in his pants as the sun started beating down on her shoulders. Seagulls dropped down, allured by the phantom popcorn scent. There was not a single cloud in the sky, just an absolute endless blue so innocent and giving.
She walked out further so the water splashed against her bare breasts. As another wave crashed against her body, she took her hair and held it up above her head. The ends were wet. He could barely see that – how the wet strands were darker than the rest of her blonde hair. She stood there where the beach met her breasts and shut her eyes. She felt everything in that moment – peace, warmth, the sun, the water, freedom. She thought she could just keep walking, then swim, maybe just let the water take her. She thought about death a lot – how it was going to happen to her eventually. It was the one thing everyone had in common, they were all going to die. 
She eventually turned around after a wave almost knocked her down. The more she walked towards land, the more he could see of her. She let her hair fall back down over her breasts so the wet tips curled over her wrinkled nipples. He imagined what she’d smell like after the dip in the beach, and he got harder picturing her soft wet body writhing about under his. He could take her right then, but that would ruin the joy of watching her. The joy of her not knowing he was. She was still perfect and he knew once he got a hold of her, she would be ripped to shreds.
He watched her pick up her dress from the sand and slip it back on. She left her underwear off because they were sandy. Then she sat down and pulled her socks and boots on and sat there for quite some time, her legs bent at the knee, her arms resting on her knees and her chin on her arms as she gazed out at the water. 

THAT SAME EVENING
Maggie got up from her cozy spot on the couch and went into the kitchen. She and Sophie lived in a two-story brick building. The only really nice thing about it was the garden in the backyard. The building itself was kind of shabby. It had sliding wooden doors and shag carpeting, it was very 1970s. 
Lola sat up and aimed her fuzzy little grey head at Maggie. Her tiny but awesome dark blue eyes watched Maggie’s every move. The kitten looked so distraught when Maggie suddenly left. 
“I’ll be back, Fuzzy Bear,” she’d nicknamed her. Maggie couldn’t tell if Lola appreciated it. One of her ears went back and she looked even more confused. ‘But I’m not a bear,’ she seemed to be thinking. ‘What is wrong with you?’ 
Maggie took a box of Kraft Mac and Cheese down from the cupboard and began preparing what would be tonight’s dinner. They were going to go out to Pizza Hut but Sophie got called into the hospital. 
Little dashes formed a square on the upper side of the box around the words “press in tear back top.” Maggie pressed her thumb down and it sort of opened, but in no way made that neat square, which bothered her more than it should have. She poured the dry shells into the pot of boiling water and Lola’s ears went back again at the loud sound. 
How come she didn’t answer the phone? Maggie wondered. Dayne did say to call her today. Because she has a life, that’s why. Someone like Dayne probably already made a lot of new friends. She was that intriguing. You’re never going to have any friends, just like you’re never going to bump into Eddie Vedder at the grocery store. 
Maggie sighed. She needed an exciting night in her life. Just one. Even if it was just going to the Pizza Hut a few blocks away. And even though she loved her mom and appreciated her, it would be cool to go with friends – enough friends to take up the big corner booth. The thought thrilled her. Putting her favorite songs on the jukebox and drinking out of those red cups and gossiping about school and how much Rocky sucked. And she could talk about her favorite things, her favorite songs and movies. 
But it was just another lonely Friday night for Maggie Mishap. The same  depressing familiar silence of the kitchen. The same terrible Autumn Leaves wallpaper. 
Maggie picked up the phone in the kitchen. The one attached to the wall. The wallpaper was peeling all around it to show the ugly dark green wall beneath it and only then did she understand why her mom went with the wallpaper.  
Maybe she’d be home by now. Just one more time. Three times a charm right? 
“Hello?” A woman with a croaky voice answered. June was hoarse from singing Fleetwood Mac all day long, and smoking constantly. She had red paint (or blood) on her hand and in her hair.
“Uh hey, is Dayne there?” Maggie bit her lip. “I’m sorry, I know I’ve called three times but…”
“She hasn’t come home yet,” June cut her off. She sounded upset. “I told ya I’ll have her call you if she ever drops by earth again, okay?”
“Yeah, yeah sure, th…” June hung up in the middle of Maggie saying thanks. She looked over her shoulder at Lola.
“Well that went well,” Maggie quipped. 
She pulled the Dinosaur Jr. lyrics out of her back pocket and stood beneath the light above the stove and read what Dayne wrote. Stop apologizing! And call me Saturday! Maggie put it back in her pocket and turned to her depressing dinner. She wondered if she could go an entire summer without apologizing. The thought thrilled her so much she had to bite her lip to tame the crazy grin forming on her face.
She started to place the pot of noodles on the burner so the blue flames could blossom around it when someone knocked on the front door. It was so loud and abrupt that Lola scattered behind the couch. Maggie wasn’t expecting anyone – they never got any visitors. 
She stared at the curtains over the window of the front door. They were barely parted and not nearly enough to see the unexpected visitor. The curtains were from the 70s too. All the yellow daisies had faded. Why wasn’t the front porch light on? It came on automatically whenever anyone approached the door. Maybe it burned out. 
A cold white panic took hold. Maggie waited, hoping whoever was there would just leave. A minute of silence passed and then another. She turned around, assuming they’d left, and went back to making her mac and cheese when the doorbell rang, its loud sound ricocheting through the house. Then they knocked. They were very persistent. They wanted in.
“Fuck,” Maggie cursed and stared at the door. The porchlight still wasn’t on. They banged. Then the doorbell rang again. Then they banged on the door again. Poor Lola was probably about to have a heart attack.
Then the house fell silent again. 
Who could it have been? No one ever came by unless it was the Avon lady or someone trying to sell a bible, but that never happened this late. Certainly not on a Saturday night. 
Maggie kept staring at the door, not moving, expecting the visitor to knock or ring the doorbell again. They didn’t. Somehow silence was worse. It left her so anxious, just waiting for the chaos to start all over again. She was sure if she turned to start with dinner again, she’d hear someone running up behind her and by then it would be too late.
She waited another minute or so and managed to calm herself down. She turned and looked at the pot when it started to hiss at her. The noodles were burning and sticking to the surface because she didn’t add enough water. The water that was in there had evaporated. 
“Fuck.” 
She turned the burner off and put the pot on a dead cold burner and went over to the door. She moved the curtains and looked outside. She didn’t see anyone. She opened the door and a temperamental Chicago wind greeted her, even blowing leaves into the house. The big oak trees lining Bell Avenue swayed. The road was dark and wet from a quick rain. Not a soul seemed to be out. Another slow building storm was taking over Chicago. 
Maggie shut the door and locked both locks, hating the creepy feeling that suddenly took over her being. Then the radio upstairs came on. Rose Garden by Lynn Anderson played. It was a song that was always on the oldies station Sophie listened to. 
Maggie looked up the dark staircase. She couldn’t move. She’d never been so terrified. She tried not to think about Laura and the rape at the drive-in, but it was the first thing to pop in her mind. They all had bats. They beat and raped her for hours.The attackers were here. Maggie was next.
She put her foot on the first carpeted step of many as the song kept playing. “I beg your pardon, I never promised you a rose garden...” 
Her body temperature rose the more she climbed. She swore new steps had been added. The staircase never seemed so tall or so dark. She cursed herself for not leaving a light on upstairs. It was as dark as an underground tunnel. The song continued to play. “Along with the sunshine, there’s gotta be a little rain some time.” 
She flicked the hallway light on as soon as she reached the top of the stairs. She’d broken out in a fresh sweat. She went into her mom’s room. She thought she saw someone standing in the corner and feared it was one of the Drive-In Rapists with a bat, but it was only her mom’s robe hanging on the back of the closet door. She turned the light on. No one was there. The radio was playing because Sophie set the alarm to get up. Normally she got up at this time and made Maggie dinner. Maggie turned the radio off. Silence rushed back like a black-cloaked madman. 
Then the phone started ringing. She ran downstairs and picked it up because she thought it might be Dayne. She could come and rescue Maggie from this unnerving night.
“Hello?” Maggie answered, eager to hear a familiar voice.
“Maggie, it’s your mother,” Sophie said in an urgent tone.
“Mom?” Maggie had never been so happy to hear her voice. She felt safe, like she did when she was little and would lie in her bed at night convinced a monster was hiding in her closet and her mom would come in and turn the light on and read to her, putting all of her worries to rest. 
“Listen, I sent Dave over. I forgot my cigarettes, can you let him in? He’s going to drive it over.” 
“Oh, oh yeah. Okay.” Maggie was so relieved she almost laughed. Dave was their neighbor. He came over whenever something wasn’t working right or the grass needed to be mowed. 
Now she could lure Lola back out from behind the couch and things could go back to normal. 
“Thanks. Everything okay there?” Sophie checked. She only had a minute – there were a lot of bicycle accidents this time of year. 
“Yeah,” Maggie said. “Yes, mom, everything’s fine.” 
Maggie still wanted to laugh at herself. She hung up and walked to the front door, now confident there was no ax murderer waiting to kill her. “Lola bear, it’s okay!” she assured her. “Just Dave!” 
Lola was still apprehensive and remained under the couch as Maggie went outside. She went out onto the wet walkway where the leaves stuck to the pavement, and looked down the street at Dave’s house. As badly as she wanted to convince herself, she knew it wasn’t Dave who banged on the door like that. He wasn’t a temperamental man. He would not have knocked at all. When he came over the few times he did, he rang the doorbell and patiently waited for someone to answer. 
Maggie stood there on the damp sidewalk and looked at all the cars parked on the curb. There was a stillness that represented contentment, but not for Maggie. Maggie still felt terrified. Jumpy. 
She looked up as Dave came out of his duplex in a black raincoat. The porch light barely offered enough light to bring out his features – a head of thick grey hair, a long slender physique. It was easy to tell that in his youth, Dave had been a handsome man. 
“Dave!” Maggie called out, just happy to be around another human.
“Hi Maggie,” he said in a calm voice as he came down the steps. That certainly wasn’t him banging on the door. It wasn’t his demeanor.
He paused in front of her and smiled. 
“Was just coming over to get your mom’s cigarettes.”
“Yeah, I know. She called.” Maggie handed him the smokes. “You didn’t come by earlier?” She tried to hide the shakiness in her voice.
“No,” Dave frowned. “Everything okay?”
She swallowed over the lump in her throat. “Yeah. Yeah, sure.” She realized she must have looked crazy. She hadn’t brushed her hair since this morning. All she’d been doing was calling Dayne over and over again. 
Dave tightened his blue eyes. “You sure?”
“Yes.” She managed to sound more convincing that time. “It’s just so quiet tonight.”
“Well it’ll be noisy soon – summer’s on the way,” he said as he headed to his car. He paused before getting in and looked back at Maggie.
“Would you like to come with me?” Dave felt sorry for Maggie. A girl with no father and a mother who worked all the time.
“It’s okay,” she said. Because she was starving. She also didn’t want to leave Lola alone when some crazy person was knocking on their door. 
“You have dinner?” Dave checked, going above and beyond the call of friendly neighbor duty.
“Yes,” she said.
“Because I could stop at Wendy’s on the way back,” he offered. “On me.”
That actually sounded really good, but Maggie wasn’t one to take handouts.
“I’m okay, thank you though.”
Dave nodded politely before slipping into his car. She stood there too long, just staring at the blank parking space where his car had been. 
She walked back to her house. When she approached the door, the porch light came on. 


Maggie turned the TV on to get rid of the silence. Students and faculty were being attacked by an invisible menace on Buffy The Vampire Slayer. 
“Lola, it’s okay,” Maggie said. But was it? Who the hell was that at the door?
Lola remained in her hiding place, which didn’t make Maggie feel any better. Cats could always sense something was off. They could see ghosts.
For a minute, she watched TV and imagined an invisible menace killing Rocky Normandy at school. Everything was quiet now. She decided to get back to dinner. She successfully softened the shells. She opened the packet of liquid cheese, cutting along the dotted line with the scissors. She knew she could cut directly across, but that was Maggie – always following instructions, always doing what she was told.  
She stirred the cheese around in the shells until it was finally mac and cheese and poured some coke into a glass. She took everything into the living room and could finally see Lola’s fuzzy head popping out from under the couch, sniffing the floor as if it had the scent of unfamiliar footprints. 
“There you are,” Maggie cooed. She reached down and scooped up the warm fuzzball. Her little ears went back but she didn’t fight. Her claws were in. “It’s okay, I promise.” Maggie placed Lola in her lap and waited for her dinner to cool while she watched TV.
How she wished she had a boyfriend she could call and ask to come over. Or a girlfriend. She imagined Dayne showing up. For some reason her hair was in dreadlocks in her fantasy and she had on filthy jean shorts and a raggedy old t-shirt. She’d sit on the couch and they’d watch endless amounts of television together. Maybe even smoke pot. Did Dayne smoke pot? Maggie had never smoked it before but always wanted to try. Sophie would finally come home from work and see them together. Dayne would be sleeping, her head resting on Maggie’s shoulder. The next day, Maggie would tell her mom that she had an attraction to girls and her mom would be okay with it. They’d even feel a little closer after the talk. 
Maggie sighed as the daydream faded and she reached for her mac and cheese. 


He woke up in a dazed state. He knew something very bad had happened to him and thought maybe just maybe he finally died or was close to dying. Maybe the mistake was finally being erased. Look mom! Finally, huh? I’m dead! But there was this urgency – this bright light that clearly wasn’t the warm glowing Gates of Heaven, and doctors who had no idea how shitty he was or the shitty reason he came to be, rushing him along on a stretcher, thinking they were doing the right thing by trying to save him. “Time is of the essence – he’s lost a lot of blood!”
He felt something warm and wet pooling into his ears – so much that it was starting to block out the sounds around him. Blood. It was blood. In and out of consciousness he went. When he rose above it for a few dazed minutes, he felt a soft hand squeezing his.
“Don’t you fucking die, don’t you fucking go, Tyler,” she was saying. “Don’t…” It wasn’t like Maggie to curse. She must have been really upset. 
The light got brighter. The attempt to keep him alive was working. Oh god, he thought, here we go again…
And he’d never tell her that he saw her when he was in the place between life and death. But he did. He saw Dayne. She was standing in front of the path of Blackbird Forest in that white dress and she was saying something to him but he couldn’t hear her. Because blood was plugging his ears. What was she saying? 
“TYLER!” Maggie kept screaming. “Don’t you die, please!”
Then her hand fell from his as they rushed him into the operating room. His face was a mask of blood. They’d had a fight before he took off on his Harley. It was about her drinking again. Then he hit a tree. 
Was it intentional? That was what she was wondering. And why would he do that? Because he killed her? Because he killed Dayne? Because he did leave that night to go look for her. What if he found her and they got in a fight and he was the one that killed her?
He saw her again, standing in that white dress in front of the path of the woods where she’d gone that night. The last spot she was ever seen alive. She was screaming but he still couldn’t hear her. It was like a horror film on mute. She kept trying to tell him something. He kept trying to hear. Maybe if the doctors left him alone he could have, he could have gone where she was, but they brought him back. 

The waiter brought their order over. Uno was semi-crowded tonight. Maggie stared at the delicious hot pizza. The server left the pizza cutter with them. Tyler rolled the blade through the stubborn cheese until it gave. He dug right in. Maggie could barely see the scar from his motorcycle incident because his hair pretty much hid it, but the news about Dayne made the past feel so close. Like it was closing in on them. It was about to start again. All that death. Blood. Unanswered questions. 
“How are you doing?” she asked.
Tyler’s big dark eyes jumped up at her and he wiped his mouth.
“Good,” he shrugged. “You?”
“Good,” she said, but not as convincing. Because someone in this world savagely killed a girl and everyone should be upset. 
Tyler sipped his water and took another bite of pizza.
“You never eat pizza,” she said.
“Well, ya know, I’ll hit the dunes this weekend, work it off.” He gave her a quick wink and reached for his water. Tyler’s eyes were warm tonight, he was in a good mood.
“Okay,” Maggie smiled. 
Tyler glanced at her beer but hadn’t lectured her about it. She had the desire to take his hand, but her mom always said never to pester a man when he was in the middle of eating. 
“So, do you work this weekend?” she asked. 
“Oh, no.” He took another bite and watched as more people came into the crowded restaurant. Nothing crucial seemed to be on his mind. They never made it to some big interesting conversation. That was marriage, Maggie supposed, they knew everything there was to know about each other. And she knew Tyler didn’t want to talk about Dayne. He’d just say it was in the hands of the detectives now. 
“You wanna see a movie after this?” Tyler asked as Maggie finally helped herself to the pizza.
“Sure,” she smiled. They discussed the movies that were showing and somehow narrowed it down to Georgia Rule and 28 Weeks Later. They went with Georgia Rule, something light and funny to try and keep the night that way. Neither of them had mentioned Dayne at dinner. 

Once they were home, the cheery mood deflated. Maggie’s beer buzz was long gone. The movie was just okay. Tyler liked Lindsay Lohan because of her freckles. 
Maggie sat down on the couch and looked at the newspapers on the coffee table. She’d started quite the collection. Anything and everything she could find on Dayne Nichols. 
“Hey,” Tyler spoke softly as he waited by the stairs. “You comin’ to bed?”
“Um, yeah,” she looked back at him. “You go ahead, I’ll be up in a minute.”
She knew he wouldn’t go without her. 
“What are you going to do?” he asked suspiciously. Why’d he have to know that? Why’d he have to know every single thing she did?
“Probably just sit here,” she said, her tone a little defensive. She heard the blister of his nicorette gum popping. She rolled her eyes. Tyler seemed tiny to her that night – his slender frame getting scrawnier. Tiny and annoying.
She stared at the photo of Dayne on the front page The Shore and More. Unfair. Unfuckingfair. She wasn’t supposed to be in the paper for that – for being murdered – she was supposed to be written about for being a great singer, for going on tour with all the bands she loved. For being idolized.
“Fuck!” Maggie suddenly screamed, slapping the paper off the couch. Tyer stared at her like she was crazy.
“Come to…”
“Don’t tell me what to do!”
He paused. “Maggie,” he scolded. “What is this?”
She tried to calm down. But she wasn’t going to just lay around and accept it like everyone else. She was going to find Dayne’s killer.
“I want to go back there,” she said, standing up and turning to face Tyler. 
“Where?” 
“Chase’s Landing. It’s what I wanted to talk about tonight at dinner but I could tell you didn’t. I have no idea why you won’t talk about it. But I think we should go, maybe we’ll...find something or at least get closure.”
Tyler actually laughed. 
“How can you laugh?!” Maggie was livid. “She was your friend! Your girl...” she paused. “Was she your girlfriend? I don’t even know exactly what was going on because you never really told me.”
Tyler replied very calmly, “I was too old for her, that was all her parents kept saying. Acting like they knew better when all they cared about was themselves.”
“So was she your girlfriend?” Maggie tried to break down the wall around him. It was a constant battle. It was exhausting.
“No. She never got the chance to be.” He looked sad just then. He sounded defeated. 
“It’s our fault,” Maggie muttered.
“What?”
“We were there that night, we could have stopped it from happening. Please, let’s just go there. Maybe we can find out who killed her.”
Tyler laughed again. Maggie started yelling at him. And it all came back to her. The drunken dance, the smoke alarm, how he went out to try and find her while Maggie passed out on the couch.
“I hate it when you treat me like this!” she yelled. “As if every idea I have is stupid!”
“It is though, Maggie,” he paused before adding “sometimes,” as if that word could make up for his cold tone of voice. “We’re going to go there, in your head, and just suddenly run into the killer, and he’s going to confess and willingly turn himself in and, in your head, our names will get in the papers and we’ll become some local town heroes or whatever and, in your head, we’ll be rewarded with a brand new beach house and, in your head it will all become some movie about our story – who’s going to play me? Paul Rudd? Some stupid boring pussy? And in your head….” Tyler stopped his ranting when she slapped him. Maggie had never hit anyone in her life. Her blood had never boiled enough too, except right then, when he kept saying ‘and in your head’ in that belittling tone of his. 
Tyler stood very still. It was almost like he wasn’t there anymore, like he wasn’t even on earth, like he’d left his body, his skin, and had gone somewhere else. Blacked out.
When he came back to earth, he looked down at Maggie as she lied on the floor. She was curled up in a fetal position and sobbing into her hands. 


It was almost nine pm. Dayne had been traipsing around all day. She walked all the way up to the creepy waterpark and explored it for a while before walking back down Ghost Popcorn Road and ended up back at Paradise Cove again. It was her new favorite place. The beach was pretty calm this evening. 
She just loved being outside, even at Big Wave, where all the rusty slides were covered in graffiti drawings of giant penises. And she had the knife with her just in case she ran into trouble. But she didn’t figure she would because she wasn’t at home around her father.
She followed the deep tire tracks in the sand. Those weren’t her father’s. These tracks were deeper and thicker. They had been big enough to erase the jeep’s completely. 
She looked up and saw dozens of trucks parked in the sand, their beds full of rafter boards. The sun was gone, but the harsh construction light inside the house the crew was working on was bright enough to provide enough light for Dayne to see just fine. The weeds surrounding the beach blew in a light breeze. 
She took her boots off again, finding the soft sand therapeutic. A breeze swept in, creating ripples in the water. The world seemed so soft and majestic tonight. The air smelled like the liner notes of a new cassette tape. The thickening sound of crickets grew around her like a fort. She heard hammering and drilling and guys shouting at each other from the house they were working on. Somewhere amongst the construction sounds, Soundgarden’s Like Suicide played on the radio. It was buried beneath the sound of hammering and drilling, but every so often Chris Cornell’s powerful voice managed to dominate it all. “And my last ditch was my last brick, lent to finish her, finish her, she lived like a murder…”
The sand got cooler in spots as she walked along. Then she saw Rocky walking over to his white truck to get supplies. He ran his hand through his jet-black hair, which was all wind-blown and tangled from driving around with the windows down earlier, and from walks on the beach. His baby blonde roots were starting to show. He sported more stubble today too. His bright orange pants glowed in the dark so his legs looked like two orange poles walking in the sand. He had on a Megadeth shirt with the sleeves cut off. His arms were starting to get muscular.
He looked over at Dayne and she just stood there like a deer in headlights. They both felt out of their element. He was doing what he was told and she felt vulnerable to him now. He’d come to her rescue yesterday. 
He looked like he was about to walk over to her. He was walking over to her. She stood there with no clue how to react. As he got closer she noticed the stubble around his mouth that proved he was a natural blonde. The black dyed hair was a nice contrast though, especially when it came to his blue eyes. Rocky did the scruffy look well. He was handsome and every second seemed to be proving that more and more. He was growing into a nice stoutly young man. 
He crossed his arms over his chest once he was standing in front of Dayne’s willowy frame. Her long blonde hair hung in wet tangles. He could see her breasts through her dress from the wet spots on it that hadn’t dried. He behaved himself though, keeping his eyes on hers. 
“You okay?” he checked. Yesterday still seemed like it happened five minutes ago.
“Yeah,” Dayne said, deciding she would be. Dayne never apologized, so she didn’t say she was sorry about dumping Dr. Pepper on his head. 
“Why’d you give me that knife?” She got down to the matter. A curious frown caused a crease in the middle of her forehead. 
“Looked like you could use it,” he shrugged, looking off for a minute into the woods. She just stared at him, her expression not changing since she asked him the question. 
“Look,” he brought his sky-blue eyes back down so he was looking into hers. “It looked like you were in trouble is all.” 
“You want it back?” she checked.
“Nah, keep it.”
“Good, because I wasn’t going to give it back.”
Rocky chuckled. “Okay,” he said. They studied one another for another long minute.
“That guy you were with – he your dad?” Rocky asked.
“Yeah.” She paused. She wasn’t going to cry in front of Rocky. “It’s getting worse too,” she managed to say, holding back tears. “Like he used to be...not like that. But when my mom left, shit got bad.” She moved some hair behind her ear. He stared at the multiple piercings in it. 
“I know how it is,” Rocky confided. “My old man’s a waste of piss too.” 
She glanced up at him. “Yeah. Well, I should go, gotta play Lilith Fair and all.” 
“Hey,” he reached out to barely touch her. “I know I can be a dick.”
“If you know then why are you?” 
“Because…” no one had ever asked him that before. He never really had to think about it. “I...get carried away sometimes...showing off in front of my friends and...they’re not even my friends. I mean we don’t even hang out much except at school or when we skate.” He suddenly realized he didn’t even like Marcus or Terry. “Sometimes I don’t even know why I care what they think. Maybe at school I feel like I can be the bigshot because at home...you know...”
Dayne just kept looking at him like he was a painting that kept changing colors. 
“Was that an apology?” she said.
“Yes.”
She nodded and stared down at the sand. 
“No. I’m sorry. That’s the apology,” he said, quite pleased that time. He waited to see if she was.
“Alright,” she said, looking back up at him in a sort of pout. “I still have to go – I actually am performing tomorrow night and I need to practice some songs.”
“Oh? Where?” he asked, very interested.
“Blackbird Cafe – it’s right up the street.”
“I know that place! Wait…” he pulled the flyer out from his back pocket. “This?”
She looked at the busy flyer. 
“That’s the one.” 
He just gazed down at her, appreciative of the fact that she was still standing in front of him. 
“I’d like to come,” he said, slipping the flyer back in his pocket. Then he gave her such a sweet smile that he almost looked like a different person. “If that’s okay with you.”
“Yeah sure,” she shrugged and moved some hair behind her ear.
Then he decided to really try his luck. 
“Hey, you like lobster? Because I’ve been wanting to try out that place, The Funky Lobster.”
“Oh yeah, yeah, me too.” Her stomach was actually growling. She’d been ignoring it all day as she wandered about. She almost got something at Blackbird but all they had were sweets and Dayne never had much of a sweet tooth (except for Dr. Pepper). 
“Really?” Rocky asked. 
Dayne realized he was about to ask her out. She thought of Tyler and even though he wasn’t around, she still felt it wasn’t right to go on a date with someone else.
“Would you wanna go sometime? With me?”
“Maybe,” she said. 
“Okay cool. I’ll let you go practice.” He started to walk back to the unfinished house. He could feel the blisters on the palms of his hands start to cry out in protest. Then he turned around to say, “We’re here a lot.” He pointed to the house with nothing inside of it but a harsh construction light and hammers and nails. The wind picked up, blowing his hair around. “So if you ever need anything…” he looked back at her and that was when she realized what pretty blue eyes he had. Then he smiled and it was so genuine and boyish. 
“Like lobster?” she grinned all of the sudden, which was a huge relief because she’d been giving him the same inquisitive squint for the last ten minutes. 
“Yeah,” he laughed. “Lobster. Or if you need me to kick someone’s ass,” he said. 
“Yeah, alright then.” She turned and started to walk away. But she didn’t want to go back to June’s house. And Rocky didn’t want to go back to work. Sometimes he skipped lunch, and since he’d skipped his last three lunch breaks, Tony told him today he could take two hours tonight if he wanted.
She changed her mind and turned around. “Let’s go get some fucking lobster.” 
Rocky giggled. He liked her. A lot.
“Yeah, cool! Let me go get my stuff, meet me by my truck!” he called out as he ran off.
Dayne trudged along, kicking wet clumps of sand up when she got close to the shore. It felt so good between her toes. 
Rocky came back out with a tool box and opened the passenger side door for her. She climbed in and the smell of the truck took over. It wasn’t necessarily a bad smell. It smelled of candy and leather, and a little like cigarettes. The scent of peach fought to be noticed. 
The truck got a lot of use. Sometimes Rocky even slept in it when his dad went nuts and tore up the house. There were a few nights when Henry did too. The two brothers would huddle together and pray their dad didn’t come out with his shotgun. There was a blanket in the backseat they used to keep warm on cold nights.
CD cases crowded the floor beneath Dayne’s feet. There was also a glass bottle of Peach Snapple which explained the smell. Rocky reached down to pick it up. He’d always remember that moment whenever he smelled peach in the future – the moment she smiled at him and tucked some of her long blonde hair behind her ear and his hand brushed against her leg. 
“Sorry,” Rocky said, but he wasn’t. She had the softest skin. Legs that went on for miles. He smelled that citrus scent in her hair again.
He straightened back up, needing to immediately do something else to distract himself. He started his truck up. It was the perfect distraction because now he had to focus on driving and lobster and stuff like that. Not her long soft legs and golden hair. Not her small perky breasts very visible in that damp white dress. But goddamn she was perfect.
Loud Pantera exploded from the speakers and he turned it down.
“Sorry,” he said. That was the third time he’d apologized so far.
Dayne laughed and said, “Are you fucking kidding?” and turned the music back up.


They’d searched the crime scene thoroughly. She’d been found in the old waterpark on the edge of town, Big Wave, where Chase’s Landing nearly joined hands with Lake Maxinkuckee. Detectives were zeroing in on a few suspects. They were also almost 100 percent positive she’d been murdered in the spot her body had been found.
Also in the evidence bag was one of the tiny hoop earrings she wore, crusted with blood. She had six little hoop earrings altogether, decorating the helix of her left ear, the one she tucked her hair behind every time she got nervous and gave that sly smile.
Her mom had taken her to get the first piercing done. She was eight. Dayne had been stubborn even back then and demanded she get it done even though her mom said she was too young for a teenager working at Claire’s to stab her delicate ear with anything. The next two she got by herself. Tiffany accompanied Dayne to get the last three.
The earring had been ripped out either by her assailant or came out on its own during her struggle. She’d put up a fight – that much was clear. But not enough of one. The weapon was never found, but the blade used on her had been small. She had a stab wound in her arm where it looked like she tried to shield her face from her attacker. White wondered if the killer was going to stab her face. What horrible things were running through her head during those last moments of her life? White shuddered. 
She had bruises on that same wrist where the attacker must have grabbed her arm to pull it away from her face as if they were thinking, No, you will look at me and let me look at you.
They never found her boots. Her friends said she left the house that night in the white dress, black Doc Martens and a pair of socks. The socks were still on her, but where were the boots? There were a lot of unanswered questions. That was how these things went, the more research that got done, the more questions would pop up. 
White took a break and went outside to get some fresh air. He was frustrated because every day that went by was another day the killer got to be the killer. White had a daughter the same age as Dayne when she disappeared. White wanted him caught. White wanted his face all over the papers. White wanted him in prison where he could get his every day from other lowlifes. 
He took another gulp of fresh air before returning to the crime lab.


“You may unknowingly be shielding a killer.” 
Maggie couldn’t stop rereading that sentence. It was part of another article about Dayne’s remains as the investigation was “ongoing.” There was also a different picture of Dayne this time, one Maggie hadn’t seen before. She looked very young in the photo, maybe fourteen. She was sitting in front of a red brick apartment building. She had on a pair of cargo shorts and a baggy Smashing Pumpkins t-shirt. Her arm was bare of the skull drawing. Her hair was long and blonde except for a few strands which were dyed purple and kept in a braid. She was smiling at the camera, but it was a shy tightlipped smile. Her eyes shimmered with hope back then, more than determination or hostility. She was squinting in the eager afternoon sunlight. She looked safe and warm.
Maggie stared at the photo for an absurd amount of time. She felt Dayne staring back at her like she was thinking, Are you going to catch my killer? Can you? Please?
“Maggie?” Vanessa called her name again, but Maggie was unavailable. Maggie was back in 1997, in that beach house on the corner of Ghost Popcorn Road and Wasath Road. 
Roadside Burgers turned out to be closed the night they were walking around to get food, so they went back to June’s house to make spaghetti. She remembered the mess Dayne made as she tried to cook while drunk on champagne. Dry noodles hung over the side of the pot, turning black. The other half of them soaking in water had turned soft. Dayne was laughing. “You guys I suck at this!” she’d said. Tyler was sitting on the bean bag in the living room, his legs were dressed in the same dirty jeans with Kentucky dirt on them, as he stretched them out before him and watched Maggie dance. She drank from the champagne bottle as she moved around, swinging her hips. Green Day was blasting on the stereo. There were no parents around. Maggie felt a mix of excitement and sadness to be spending her very first night away from her mom. She felt vulnerable as she looked into Tyler’s black eyes. He put his hand on the back of her leg, wanting her to sit on his lap. The smoke alarm went off. Dayne started bitching about how she was out of Dr. Pepper. 
“MAGGIE!” Vanessa called out again. That time Maggie heard her.
“Yes? Sorry.”
“Jesus,” Vanessa said. “What’s with you? I called your name like five times.”
Maggie looked up at her. Last night had been another long, terrible night. Another fight with Tyler. He talked to her in that condescending tone of his and she called him Mr. Know It All. 
“Sorry,” Maggie mumbled to Vanessa.
“Are you still going on that vacation?” 
“Oh I don’t…”
“I think you should,” Vanessa interrupted. 
Oh really? Maggie’s face read. 
“Yes. Karen thinks so too. You should talk to her about it.”
Oh shit, Maggie’s face read.
“She wants to talk to you,” Vanessa said, furthermore. “So now would be a good opportunity.” 
‘So get the fuck out,’ Vanessa’s tone implied.
Maggie stood up and felt Vanessa give her a snooty look. For a second, Maggie wondered if Karen wanted to speak to her about her outfit. She wasn’t dressed that terribly, but she could have done better. Things with Tyler had been so bleak that it was hard to get up in the morning. The best she could do was make sure what she had on matched. That it didn’t have any holes in it or advertise a rock band. Today her outfit consisted of a black pair of slacks, a white blouse, a black blazer and black and white checkered converse. She thought it looked stylish but maybe it was too edgy. It didn’t matter now, it was too late. 
She knocked on Karen’s door.
“Come in,” Karen called out, her tone distributing no certain emotion.
Karen’s office was sunnier than theirs. It was spacious, with a couch on one side and her desk on the other. In the middle, in front of the big window, was a little station with a coffee machine. Beneath it were a few bottles of wine.  
“Maggie, have a seat.” Karen’s voice was still robotic. 
Maggie cringed. She could tell this wasn’t going to be good. For the next several minutes, Karen pretended to search for something in her desk drawer.
“How have you been?” she asked without looking up at her.
“Okay.” Not really though, because after I get canned I have to go to the drugstore and buy a pregnancy test and my husband beat the crap out of me two nights ago.
Karen straightened up in her chair and smiled at Maggie.
“That’s great,” she said, still smiling. Karen had such gorgeous, perfect teeth it was as if she went to the dentist once a week. “So I’m just going to get right down to it. You’ve put in a lot of time here and we appreciate it, Maggie, we really do. Unfortunately your services are no longer needed and I’m afraid we’re going to have to let you go.”
Maggie sat there for a minute, stunned. Karen didn’t sugarcoat it at all. Maggie felt her face go hot and her mouth run dry. There was a water cooler by the coffee station but she didn’t feel like moving. Besides, the next drink she had was going to be much more interesting and stronger than water. 
“Okay,” Maggie accepted it. “I’m sorry I let you down.”
Karen shook her head, “Sometimes things just don’t work out. We’re offering you a severance package. We know...well, you and your husband were so reliant on your financial stability here.” 
“Okay.” Maggie stood up, still in shock, and headed out the door to the elevator. She didn’t even bother collecting her stuff at her desk. The thought of being in the same room with Vanessa was just too humiliating. She had to know Maggie was about to get the ax.


“Tyler?” she went straight home, slamming the door behind her after she called his name. That was a surprise. She’d planned on going to a bar but for some reason she decided to go home and face things. 
“I was fired!” she yelled, storming up the stairs. “Because of all this shit – because of everything!” Tears were streaming down her face. She never realized what that job meant to her until she lost it. Her sense of security was gone. She felt the same way she did the day her mom died.
She swung their bedroom door open and walked in, thinking she’d find him playing that stupid video game, but he wasn’t there. The bed was empty. It wasn’t made. It was the way it had been left when they both got up this morning. The crumpled sheets were cold.
He wasn’t at work. She knew that because he didn’t have a job. That was what their last fight was about. She finally thought to call Mike’s Bikes and they told her no Tyler Taboada had ever worked there. ‘What else are you lying to me about?! Huh? Mr. Know It All!’ she’d screamed. He just stared at her with those brilliant voids of black eyes before he smacked her so hard across the face she thought he’d broken her nose. 
She wasted no time. She began snooping around Tyler’s side of the room without thinking twice about it. His bedside table was messy with its usual things – those nicorette gum packets, her mother’s coffee cup that she’d asked him to never use, and the latest issue of Dare Devils, a motocross magazine. 
She decided to look inside the drawer at the bottom of the bedside table. She remembered the day they bought it. They’d bought matching Espresso Nightstands from Ikea. 
She pulled the little knob on the wooden door. It was loose but managed to stay on. There was a neat stack of nicorette gum, about five packets, in the corner. There was a pile of DVDs inside, as well as a handkerchief she was sure she saw him wear once around his neck back at the beginning of their relationship.
She took out the stack of DVDs. They were for the movies Cape Fear, Irreversible, Born Innocent, The Visitors and Because of the Cats. Maggie had seen Cape Fear. It was a film she decided to watch on one of her many nights alone as a lonely teenage girl and regretted it. It really scared her. Robert DeNiro was terrifying. 
The other films she’d never heard of and Tyler never watched them with her. She turned them over to read the descriptions on the back. 
Irreversible, released in 2002: Events over the course of one traumatic night in Paris unfold in reverse-chronological order as the beautiful Alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass.
Born Innocent, released in 1974: A young girl runs away from her abusive family only to end up in a juvenile detention center for girls where she’s raped and brutalized by her sadistic peers. Only one honest social worker shows interest in helping her.   
The Visitors, released in 1972: Phil, Martha and their little child Hal are spending a quiet winter Sunday in their house when they get an unexpected visit from Phil’s ex-army buddies, Mike Nickerson and Tony Rodriguez. Mike eventually rapes Martha.
And finally, Because of the Cats, released in 1973. The image on the DVD cover made Maggie’s stomach turn. A man with a black stocking over his face had his hand over a busty blonde’s mouth. Maggie immediately thought of how Tyler kept his hand over her mouth sometimes when they had sex. The woman’s eyes were luminous with fear and dread. The image was so telling that Maggie didn’t need a description but she read it anyway: A gang of wealthy ne’er-do-wells rape and terrorize women for fun and force their husbands to watch. A police detective tries to catch them, but can he break their twisted loyalty to one another?
Rape, rape, rape. Every single film was about rape. Maggie felt sick. She put them back where she found them, shut the drawer and went to take a shower. She couldn’t wash her mind of all the ugly thoughts though. Still, it had been one of the longest hottest showers of her life. It left the blue tile wall covered with droplets of condensation, and fog hovered around Maggie like a ghost. Her skin was red. She still felt dirty. The same Maggie stared back at her in the mirror, no idea what to do. You’ve apologized your whole life and it’s gotten you nowhere, she thought. 
She turned and went into the bedroom and started packing a bag.


Dayne’s hair flew out of the truck’s window as she looked at the unfinished houses in Paradise Cove. 
“What are you thinking about?” Rocky asked, turning the music down some.
 “The houses,” she said. “Like...how they are now and how they’ll be after people move in. I wish there was more time between the two, you know? So they could have some peace – the houses. That sounds weird.” 
“No it doesn’t,” Rocky replied right away. “People can turn houses into nightmares.” He only removed his eyes from the road for a second (not that anyone was on it) and smiled at Dayne.
“It’s so fuckin’ true,” she lit up, looking back up at him. “And they decorate them so ugly,” she added.
Rocky laughed. “Yeah, true. My mom never had the best taste in furniture. And my dad, god,” he shook his head. 
“You get along with her?” Dayne asked, “Your mom?”
Rocky pressed his lips together and shook his head. Because he looked so sad, she thought maybe his mom had died. 
He turned into the big parking lot of The Funky Lobster before responding.
“She left a few years ago. So...it’s not really a matter of getting along, it’s more like she never made it an option.”
“I get that.” Dayne’s reply was heartfelt. Then she looked at him differently, feeling a connection she didn’t expect. 
“Thanks for taking me out tonight,” she said.
He gave her a gentlemanly smile, “Thanks for letting me.”
“My mom left a few months ago,” Dayne shared. “It’s been really hard…” the tears seemed to come from nowhere. She felt like one of those bags of water pet stores gave you after buying a tiny little goldfish, and it had been squeezed and burst wide open. 
The tears poured down her cheeks. She was embarrassed and mad at herself for crying in front of him, which only made her cry more. “I’m sorry – fuck, I never say sorry!”
“Don’t be sorry,” he said and gave her a bear hug. She immediately felt how strong he was. She didn’t know if she liked it or not, if the hug was comforting or controlling. 
He didn’t let go until the tears subsided.
“Come on,” he said when he released her. He gave her a tough-guy smile, “Let’s go scare all these old folks.” He expected the place to be full of senior citizens. He expected it to look like Bingo Night in there.
“Let’s not talk about our shitty parents tonight,” he said as they headed into The Funky Lobster.
“Yeah,” she agreed. “Let’s talk about cool shit.”
Rocky held the door open for her. She wasn’t used to this kind of chivalry but she went with it. Everyone stared at her like they usually did. 
The host led them to a table and Rocky popped his elbow out so she could wrap her arm around his. 
“What is this, prom?” Dayne cracked. She could tell Rocky had a certain vision of how he wanted this night to go though, and did him the honor of wrapping her arm around his and they walked down the aisle of the smoking section. 
“You guys want to start out with drinks?” the waiter asked. This was always an easy one for Dayne.
“Dr. Pepper please,” she said. 
Rocky got water. He stressed a little about money. He wanted to pay for Dayne’s food and knew his brother was starving so he felt a little guilty about eating out. 
“Do you know where I can get hair dye?” Dayne asked, not even looking at the menu yet. 
“Oh, The Alley,” Rocky said, crossing his arms.
“Oh right! This girl at school mentioned it. The one who hates you.” 
She needed to be more specific than that for Rocky to know who she meant. 
“What girl?” he asked.
“Maggie.”
“Oh.” Rocky turned glum. He knew the way he treated her was awful and she had every right to hate him. “I just want school to be over with,” he said, as if it was the school’s fault he acted that way.
“Me too,” Dayne said. 
The waiter dropped their drinks off. Dayne ordered the shrimp po’ boy and a basket of hush puppies. Rocky ordered the chicken sandwich for Henry and some fries for himself.
After the menus were collected and the waiter left, Rocky looked up to find Dayne’s bright green eyes studying him like no one had before in his life. Her eyes were the color of grass when the sun shone down on it at three in the afternoon. That safest, brightest color of green. He wanted to live in it.
She played with the straw in her drink, not taking her eyes off of him. She made him feel like no one else existed. Her cheekbones looked so magnificently sharp and her hair hung in beachy wet tangles. She was so beautiful it almost went past beautiful to freaky.
“What?” he finally asked, trying not to look so smitten. 
“I just like it when someone ends up not being who you thought they were. It makes life exciting.” 
“Oh.” Now he was blushing. Rocky Normandy, the big tough guy, was slowly turning into a puddle of mush. “Am I not who you thought?”
“No,” Dayne said, biting her bottom lip as a big grin emerged. “It’s almost like you went from Patrick Bateman to Romeo – well that’s a little extreme but...you’re not who I thought you were. I thought you were an ass like everyone else. Or maybe you’re just good at pretending.”
He started to reply, but he honestly didn’t know. Was he bad or good? Was he supposed to decide that or did society?
“Well…” he moved around in the booth for a second. “I feel good tonight, if that matters.”
Dayne laughed. She had this big infectious laugh that everyone in the restaurant heard. Rocky laughed too. Then he pointed to her red drink cup.
“You’re not going to dump that drink on me, are you?”
“Not if you behave yourself,” she giggled.
He pressed his lips together to keep his smile tame. He couldn’t believe he was here on a date and not with one of the skanks he typically went out with. He looked over at the patio facing the beach. He could hear Billy Joel on the jukebox. 
Just do it, just ask. 
“You know...it’ll probably be a while before the food gets here so…would you like to dance?”
She laughed again. “This is like the prom!” she stopped laughing after a minute. Rocky really wanted to dance. It was written all over his face. They were playing She’s Got A Way out on the deck and Rocky had a sore spot for that song. It was just like in his stupid fantasy. The busboy was even moving some tables out of the way outside so people could dance.
“I want to dance with you to this song. Please?” Rocky was quite persistent. 
“I’ve never danced before in my life,” Dayne admitted. Unless dancing around Tiffany’s bedroom while singing Marilyn Manson songs into a hairbrush counted.
Rocky stood up and held his arm out for her again, determined.
“Come on, the best songs are the shortest and it’s halfway over.”
Dayne slipped her hand in his and they walked outside like she was in a ballgown and him in a fancy suit. Everyone looked up from their food at the two of them, who strangely made an attractive couple. Like Elvis Presley and Marilyn Monroe only in grunge clothing. 
“Just copy me okay?” Rocky told her as they started to dance. “Just follow my moves.”
“Oh, you got moves?” she teased. 
“I got a few,” he replied, smiling a bit. 
She slowly leaned forward until her head was resting on his chest. They held hands and his other arm draped around her lower back. They danced quite slow, their only goal was to not trip over each other’s feet. They were the only ones dancing so far. The sky dazzled with stars. The new moon was small but bright.
They turned in circles in their little spot. He wondered if he should dip her. Probably not. Her hair might end up in the food at the nearby table. Besides, he liked her resting against his chest. Life had given him a perfect moment and he wasn’t going to mess it up with a gay dance move. 
As the song kept playing, he squeezed her tight. “She’s got a way about her, I don’t know what it is, but I know that I can’t live without her, anyway…”


After the dance, Rocky and Dayne settled back at their table and Dayne went back to obsessing over hair dye because she also had an agenda.
“I need pink hair dye.” She said this with such urgency, like her life depended on it. 
“Well I’m going to The Alley tomorrow because I have to dye mine too.”
Her eyes lit up for the second time tonight. “Could you get me some?”
“Yeah, of course.” If he didn’t have the money, he’d take it from his old man’s sock drawer.
“Cool. Thanks.” She popped a hush puppy in her mouth. “Manic Panic,” she added, covering her mouth because she was still chewing.  
“Oh yeah, me too. That’s what I use when I dye my hair After Midnight.”
“You only dye your hair after midnight?” Dayne asked before eating another hush puppy. 
“Yes,” he said.
“Why?” she frowned. She took a sip of her Dr. Pepper.
“Uh...because I like the color,” he said, glancing up at her from the delicious sandwich he’d ordered for Henry. He was really hungry, but he knew his brother was hungrier. So he continued to only eat the fries.
“Yeah but why do you only dye it after midnight?” Dayne asked, still confused.
“Because I like the color,” he repeated, looking at her and giggling simply because he was happy to be in her company. 
She just stared at him, not following.
“But I’m saying, like,” she waved her hand around before slapping it on the table, laughing. “Why don’t you ever ever dye it at, like, noon or something?”
Rocky laughed really loud. 
“Oh! No, the color is called After Midnight,” Rocky finally explained.
Dayne burst out laughing so hard everyone in the restaurant looked over. Even the people outside heard her. 
“I get it,” she snorted and covered her nose, embarrassed. Then they laughed some more. Everyone was looking at them.
Then she looked at his food. 
“How come you’re not eating?”
“Oh...it’s for my brother.”
“You said you were hungry though.”
“Yeah, I got fries,” he said, pointing to the empty basket. Then she pushed her hush puppies over to him. 
“There,” she said. “You get my hair dye and you can have some of my hush puppies.”
They winked at each other. 
“We got a good thing going,” Rocky said, his gaze on her lingering.
“Yeah, dude,” she agreed. “We do.”

THE MORNING OF SUNDAY MAY 25TH, 1997
Rocky heard someone shouting but he was still half asleep and thought he was dreaming. But no, this voice was real. The voice of an angry father busting through the door at 6 am when it was barely light out. To yell about a TV.
“DID YOU LEAVE THE TV ON ALL NIGHT AGAIN?!” The voice was enormous and thunderous, with years of rage – some of it that had nothing to do with Rocky – directed at him anyway.
Rocky started to say no, because he hadn’t even watched TV in the last few days and he’d gotten home late last night after going to The Funky Lobster. He didn’t get laid and chickened out when he dropped Dayne off at her house when he wanted to kiss her. He’d see her today though, so hopefully he’d stop being such a pussy.
Once he got home, Rocky gave Henry the sandwich from the restaurant and went to bed. He jerked with the same tired hand that built houses, thinking of those long legs and soft blonde hair and those damp titties in that white dress, then he got the best sleep of his life until his drunk father burst through the door screaming.
Henry obviously left the TV on. Sometimes he slept on the couch and never turned it off. It was his best friend. But Rocky knew if he didn’t take the blame, Henry would get beat up. 
So Rocky lamely replied, “I guess.” 
He watched his father come toward him, fist aimed right at his face. He grabbed Rocky by the throat and started shouting. 
“YOU THINK YOU’RE SO TOUGH, HUH, MR. TOUGH GUY, HUH!” his dad’s face was an angry shade of red and he spat when he shouted. His father wanted a fight. Rocky wondered what made him so angry. Maybe he was bit by a bat or a mean dog and was rabid. It honestly seemed that way. He wasn’t even drunk right now – he couldn’t blame this rage on alcohol.
He started slamming his fist into Rocky’s face. Rocky grabbed the rotary phone on the bedside table and slammed it against his dad’s head. It made a ding sound and his father rolled off the bed and his arm got caught in the blinds, leaving them contorted so a new ray of sunshine found the floor. 
Rocky marched up the hall towards the door. He’d conveniently slept in his clothes. All he had to do was make it to his truck. Something flew and hit him on the back of the head. He looked down at the barbell on the floor and felt a little dizzy. He landed on his knees but didn’t pass out. Him and his old man wrestled on the living room floor for the next several minutes, both caught in a gust of fresh adrenaline. Henry heard the familiar sounds of shouting and objects being thrown. Just another morning in the Normandy household. 
He walked out to the hallway just in time to see Rocky slam a mason jar against the edge of the coffee table and hold the broken bottom half to his dad’s neck. 
“I’LL FUCKING KILL YOU I SWEAR!” Rocky screamed. “GET THE FUCK OFF ME OLD MAN!”
His dad just laughed.
“You ain’t got it in ya,” he dad grunted. Sweat was pouring down his face. 
“I do too!” Rocky yelled. Secretly, his old man was surprised at how strong Rocky had gotten. And he did have it in him to kill.
Then his dad’s eyes lit up like a kid’s on Christmas morning. He was excited.
“Do it then, boy! Spend your life in prison, that’ll be hilarious.”
Rocky was so close to driving the sharp edge of the jar into his father’s throat when he heard Henry sobbing.
“Just stop, stop, please,” Henry begged. He ran his hand over his damp cheeks and wiped the tears off on his shirt. Rocky looked up at him and that was when his father pushed him off. 
“Two fags!” he yelled as Rocky landed against the wall. “That’s what I’ve raised!” Then he kicked the table the TV was setting on and the TV wobbled ever so slowly, the impending disaster taking its time unraveling. It finally came crashing down and Henry started crying because his best friend had just been killed. Then their dad went into his room and slammed his door. It was very possible he’d return with his gun.
Rocky ran his hands through his hair and for a minute he just stood there, covering his face with his hands. Henry continued to cry. He had on the pajamas their mom gave him many Christmases ago. They barely fit now, but he missed her that much. Rocky started crying. It was something Henry had never seen before. His body shook as angry tears wet the palms of his hands covering his eyes.
He got it together, not wanting his brother to see him be such a pussy. He looked down the hallway and waited a few minutes until he was sure it was safe to leave Henry. 
Rocky went over and gave him a hug. 
“I’ll get a new TV, okay?” Rocky promised, his arms still around Henry. Henry sobbed and kept his chubby face pressed against Rocky. 
Rocky would spend his entire paycheck on one if he had to. Henry nodded. He was still sobbing when his brother sped out of the driveway.  
Rocky headed out to get the dye for Dayne. He drove faster and faster, not caring that he was in the city instead of Chase’s Landing, where he would have been able to drive recklessly and not kill anyone. Because at that very second, he wanted to kill everyone he could. 


Mr. Know It All
OCTOBER 29th 1975, CHAPEL HILL, NORTH CAROLINA
Fiona reached back and pulled on her apron strings to loosen the knot. She felt like she was finally loosening the day from around her brain. She thought this hour would never arrive. She thought the customers would never leave, the tables would never be clean, the football game would never end, the sudden explosion of jeers and cheers would never cease. But alas, customers had moved onto wherever they were headed and Fiona could finally start her closing duties. 
She glanced down at her apron. It was dirty with nacho cheese and beer. She tossed it into the hamper hanging on the back of the stockroom door. It had been an insane night at Steve’s, a popular bar and grill in Chapel Hill. It was late October and college was in full swing, not to mention Halloween parties people were still going to at this hour. 
It was almost 1 am. Fiona couldn’t wait to get home, take a hot shower and put her feet up and maybe watch TV if her roommate wasn’t watching Gunsmoke. She didn’t even care about counting her tips. She crammed all the cash in her back pocket and got started on rolling silverware as Rod Stewart’s Tonight’s the Night played on the radio. 
The silverware was hot because it just came out of the dishwasher, but her boss Ralph didn’t like it when Fiona prolonged the rolling of the silverware. He wanted to get out of there as much as she did. Of course he could have helped her but that would never happen. Rolling silverware was simply beneath him.
Maybe if he’d been more patient, maybe if he waited so she didn’t have to burn her fingers on the scorching cutlery, then it would have never happened. Her entire life would have been different. But she rolled the silverware as fast as she could to make him happy, and she put the final napkin band around the napkin of the last spoon, fork and knife at 1:35 am and left five minutes later. 
She headed up Market Street, where people were still trickling in and out of bars. She turned the corner onto Beem Street, which only consisted of houses. Some of them were vacant. It was very dark. All the light on the main street she’d been on seemed to evaporate along with the joyous cackles of nighthawks. It was so quiet she could hear the loose change in her purse moving around. That was when he grabbed her. He must have been hiding behind a tree. He must have just been waiting. He’d probably seen her before on one of the many other nights she walked the same way home.
She tried to scream when he covered her mouth with his hand. It smelled awful and the skin on the palm of his hand was dry. She saw something bright and silvery out of the corner of her eye. He had a knife.
“Shh,” he told her when she made desperate mewling sounds against his hand. His bad breath clouded her nose. “We’re going down the alley,” he informed. Every part of her froze. Her brain seemed to shut down. He dragged her down the alleyway between empty houses. Both had been for sale for a long time. No one lived inside them, just dark rooms and endless silence.
He pushed her up against a cement wall as she started crying. She remembered how tall the wall seemed that night and how dark all the windows in the empty houses were. No one’s home, no one’s going to save you. She remembered how on the night she wanted to scream the loudest, she couldn’t make a sound. 
“I’m gonna take my hand away,” he said, “If you scream, I’ll slit your throat.”
He slowly removed his hand. She remembered not wanting to lick her lips because if she did, she’d taste him. Then he slammed her against the cement wall and pressed his arm against the back of her neck. He yanked her underwear down. She almost screamed when the blade of his knife reappeared just inches away from her eye.
“I’ll cut you,” he swore. It sounded like he was smiling. She froze again. She felt him enter her, shoving himself all the way inside. He pulled her shirt up so it was around her neck like a scarf and tugged on it so it choked her. Who was this man? Who was he? How’d he get her so fast? 
She froze again. Her breasts scraped against the cement wall as he continued to push himself inside of her. The shirt was strangling her and she felt minutes away from passing out. 
He began to groan and lick her face. He pulled out only to re-enter her as if to showcase his power all over again. She screamed against the cement wall, cutting her lip, and he moved the knife and she thought he was going to stab her in the eye. 
“Shh,” he said. He gave a few more thrusts and then he grunted loudly and froze for a second, still inside of her. 
A few seconds later, he let her fall to the ground. Her shirt was around her neck and her panties were twisted around her ankles. 
He stood there for a few minutes, his shadow spilling over her. She thought he was going to kill her. He got on his knees and slid the back of his hand down her damp cheek as she sobbed. 
He leaned in and whispered, “Tell anyone about this and I’ll come and kill you next time. Jennifer too.”
That was her roommate. How’d he know her name? He had been watching them. She felt sick. She kept her eyes closed and prayed for the first time in months. Prayed that he’d leave. Once he did (she had her eyes closed but knew he’d walked off because the horrible stench of him vanished) she sobbed against the ground. 
She never knew how, but she managed to pick herself up and walk home. She managed to walk home with her legs trembling the way they were, with pain shooting up inside of her. 
Once she arrived at her apartment at Blue Creek Manor, she went straight to the bathroom. One of her shirts was hanging on the hook on the back of the door. It was her favorite. It was orange with a blue peace symbol on it. She was going to wear it this morning when she left but changed her mind at the last minute. The shirt didn’t look the same to her now. 
She pulled her eyes away from it and huddled in the corner and cried. She still smelled him on her. She hurt on the inside. Fear formed a warm pocket in her mind and lived there. She reached up and touched her cheek where it stung and when she drew her hand back there was blood on her finger. He must have cut her with the knife. 
She sat there for another hour, dazed. Drifting some place far out where nightmares became seascapes. She eventually made it to the shower and turned the water on. Cold water jabbed at her but it quickly turned warm. She stood there, letting it pour down on her until her skin turned red. The scratches on her breasts stung. She imagined herself standing there until the hot water melted her flesh away and nothing was left of her but bones that collapsed into a pile on top of the rusty drain. 
She stepped out and grabbed a towel and stood there for a long time. Scratches from where she’d been pushed against the cement wall left the tiniest droplets of blood on the white towel. 
Every time she moved, she’d stand still after for a few minutes. Then she started crying again, terrified. Her mouth hung open as she let out long desperate sobs before she sat back down on the floor. How’d it happen? And so fast? How did someone take something from someone so fast? How did someone ruin someone so fast? 
She grabbed another towel and wrapped it around her and curled up on the rug and went to sleep. 

She woke up a little while later to her roommate knocking on the door. Morning had arrived, the sun was shining and the birds were chirping. She found it all so deceitful. 
“Fee?” Jennifer called out. Fee was what she called Fiona since the day they met. “You okay?”
Fiona sat up and stared at the door. Her body ached all over like she had the flu. She knew the second she opened the door Jennifer would know something was terribly wrong. 
“Fee, I’ve really gotta pee,” Jennifer said a few minutes later, laughing a little because it rhymed. Any other day Fiona would have laughed too.
Fiona stood up and washed her face and fixed her hair to hide it as much as possible. She couldn’t hide the deep gash on her bottom lip though. 
She pulled the towel up to cover the cuts on her breasts and opened the door just a crack.
“Rough night?” Jennifer said when she caught a glimpse of Fiona. “You didn’t go to one of those crazy Halloween parties did you?” She tried to take another guess. “With Brad? I told you to stop seeing him.”
Fiona shook her head. 
“Are you sick?” Jennifer tried to guess. 
“Yes,” Fiona managed to say, opening the door wider. 
The concern in Jennifer’s tone deepened.
“What happened?” she asked.
Fiona froze again. 
“Okay well I seriously have to pee,” Jennifer said.
Fiona moved away from the door to let her in and then she burst into tears. Jennifer turned, her bladder on the verge of exploding, and looked at Fiona. Her towel was slipping and the cuts on her breasts were visible. There was a leaf in her hair that had been there since her rapist pushed her down on the ground. She looked like she’d fallen out of a tree. 
“He raped me!” Fiona blurted. Then in between gasps for air she said, “He just came...out of no...where...I don’t even know...how it...happened…” then she cried too hard to even speak. She was too terrified to say, ‘Someone I don’t even know was just inside of me.’
Jennifer’s mouth hung open in shock. She’d heard about rapes occurring around campus but it was never anyone she knew so it never seemed real. This was real, as real as the tiny drops of blood surfacing from those cuts and staining the white towel she just washed yesterday.
“We have to go to the hospital,” Jennifer said.
“No, no,” Fiona sobbed, shaking her head. “I won’t go, please, I won’t go.”
“Okay, alright,” Jennifer said before cautiously approaching Fiona. She put her arms around her and Fiona cried even harder.


Jennifer and Fiona were sitting on the bathroom floor, holding each other. Jennifer tried to convince Fiona to go to the hospital again but she didn’t want to go – it would just be more torture and humiliation.
“What can we do then?” Jennifer asked, looking at the same spot on the wall she’d been staring at for twenty minutes. “What will make you feel better?” she asked, turning to look at Fiona.
Nothing. Nothing in the world. 
Fiona managed to get up off the floor. Jennifer finally peed. A depressing silence hovered over the apartment. 
When Jennifer came out of the bathroom, Fiona was on the couch watching TV. It was the first time she watched The Carol Burnett Show and didn’t laugh. Days became weeks and weeks became months and months became a baby. Suddenly there was this wet bloody thing being handed to her. It was a boy. He grew a nice layer of black hair almost instantly, and worse, he smelled good. How did something created by such an awful act smell so good and turn out so beautiful? He was perfect. Ten fingers and ten toes. Two big black eyes looking up at Fiona for everything, all of the answers, all of the bedtime stories, all of the love, all of the breast milk. And she gave him nothing. She didn’t want him. He’d just been another person inside of her that she didn’t know. She didn’t even want to be alive. She lost her job because she stopped going in. Ralph called her the first day of her absence incessantly and then he stopped. It was easy to find someone to replace her.
She had no money. Tyler cried all day and all night. Fiona never held him. When he was born, the nurse handed him over to Fiona and she gave him right back to her, her eyes lifeless and staring at the wall. When she had to take him home, she put him in the crib and ignored him.
Jennifer would come home to Fiona sitting on the couch in their sweltering apartment. It was midsummer and they couldn’t afford air conditioning. An island of used tissues surrounded Fiona on the couch. Beer cans cluttered the coffee table. Tyler was screaming in his crib. He was standing too. Somehow he’d learned how to stand and walk on his own.
Jennifer was the one who named him Tyler, after her brother, because the boy deserved a name. Everyone needed a name. She would hold him sometimes, run her hand over his head of soft black hair, and kiss him on the top of his head where it smelled like caramel. Even though Fiona did the bare minimum when it came to cleaning him and caring for him, he always smelled good. 
He’d stop crying for a little while when Jennifer cuddled him, even making soft little cooing sounds from the feeling of someone being affectionate with him, but sometimes he’d reach his tiny pink hand out to Fiona because he must have known she was his mother and wanted her to hold him. She wouldn’t even glance his way. Then he’d start crying again.
Jennifer reached her breaking point and would have fights with Fiona, telling her she needed to get it together. Jennifer never wanted a kid and couldn’t take on the responsibility. Her grades were slipping because she couldn’t sleep at night with Tyler crying like he did. And she couldn’t afford an air conditioner because Fiona didn’t work. Fiona was simply an empty shell. She wouldn’t fight back or say a word. 
One morning Fiona woke up to find half of the apartment empty. Jennifer had left. Tyler was crying. There was a note on the fridge that read,  
Fee, I’m sorry, I can’t do this anymore. Please do your best to take care of yourself and Tyler. He is innocent, remember that. He didn’t ask for any of this. He’s not the one that hurt you.
Love and peace, Jen       
Fiona ripped the note off the fridge, balled it up and threw it away. Since the trash needed to be emptied, the note fell to the floor. Tyler continued to cry as Fiona went back to the couch. 
“Shut up,” she said. He kept wailing. 
“SHUT UP!” she yelled before covering her face with her hands.
He wailed even louder, his face scrunched up in a tight pink ball as he stood in his crib with his little hand reaching out to her. She shot up from the couch, marched over to him and slapped him clear across the face. It knocked him down. His crying became something new and haunting. It became sharper and even more desperate. It was something beyond a cry. It pierced the night. It left a hole in the sky as black as his eyes. Fiona’s neighbor came over and pounded on the door. More crying. It just never stopped.
 
Fiona only snapped out of it when her cable was shut off. This motivated her to call her mom and ask for money. Her mom heard the baby crying and went over to check on things. She didn’t even know Fiona had a baby until the day she went over there. 
She stepped in for a little while and paid Fiona’s late rent, filled the fridge with groceries, got the cable back on and took care of Tyler. She gave him a middle name. She fussed over him nonstop: Oh what a cute little baby boy! Fiona, he’s perfect, look at his little nose, his little this and that. 
Fiona scoffed at her and continued to do nothing and eventually her mom stopped coming around. Fiona got a job and hired a babysitter. By the time Tyler was ten, Fiona had a stable job and left Tyler with numerous babysitters.
Around the age of fifteen, Fiona figured he didn’t need babysitters anymore. While she was at work, he took off on his bicycle, vowing to never go back home. It wasn’t easy or pretty. He even prostituted himself a few times for money. It didn’t bother him that much. One of his many babysitters showed him what to do a while ago. He was good looking and both men and women offered decent money to have sex with him. He never went back home. He just kept going, getting away from the cold morning fog his childhood was as fast as he could. Eventually he’d get a Harley Davidson motorcycle, getting away from it all even faster.
But he couldn’t forget about all the mean things she said, like when he asked her if she was even his real mom. If she wasn’t, that would explain the lovelessness.  
“I gave birth to you, yes,” Fiona explained, holding a Ritz cracker in front of her mouth. She held a ruthless expression as she talked to him. It wasn’t even lovelessness – it was pure hate she had for him. She bit into the cracker and held the other half in front of her mouth as she stared him down. Crumbs fell on the table, which she never bothered putting a tablecloth on. A few tiny crumbs were stuck to her bottom lip as she continued to talk. “But I don’t love you,” she swore. “You were a mistake.”
Tyler sat there, his awful haircut made it so some of his bangs hung in his eyes and some didn’t because they’d been cut unevenly. One of his babysitters cut it. He was sweating because it was summer and they didn’t have so much as a fan. If Fiona hadn’t been through the hell she’d been through that started Tyler’s life, she might have looked across the table and seen a completely different boy – a boy who desperately wanted and deserved love as his black hair stuck to his sweaty face. A boy who would have gladly dropped any hostility towards her over anything that happened in the past if she’d decided that day she would turn a fresh page too.
But that’s not who she saw so that’s not what she did.
Tyler’s AC/DC shirt stuck to his damp chest as he became increasingly moody. He started to cry. Then he got up and ran to the bathroom so she couldn’t see him cry and washed his face and vowed to leave. Leave and never return.
For a brief time he worked at a deli so he could steal money from the register and buy a dirt bike. He did bigger crimes and stole more money and got a motorcycle. He also got a fake ID because he preferred motels over hostels. He never had a clue where he was going and he didn’t care. Tyler looked and acted older than he was, so people just believed that he was. It felt good to be out on the open road. No direction was the only way he knew. And if he was a mistake, why should he care what happened to him? He was never loved. He didn’t know love any more than he knew how it felt to land on the moon or have a million bucks. He didn’t know love until the day he heard her singing Nirvana on that tiny excuse of a stage at that hillbilly pumpkin festival. It was October of 1994. People were in costumes and had their faces painted and they were all smiling because in October, everything just felt different. Leaves were all over the ground – the liveliest colors of orange and red. They looked like tiny little fires. She looked like one too. He shut his eyes and breathed in the cool, crisp air. It felt like it could even cleanse him of the sin that made him. He let her voice take over every part of him as he closed his eyes and just listened to that sweet angel voice. She was from heaven and he was from hell. The smell of candied apples and bonfires permeated the air. Her blonde hair fell around her, touching down on the used Yamaha against her waist. He couldn’t believe his eyes. Physically, Dayne looked like Jodie Foster and Kate Moss combined. She sounded like Joni Mitchell. Her voice was so pure and yet so haunting. “Underneath the bridge...tarp has sprung a leak…” she sang, and he began to cry. He quickly wiped his tears and kept hiding behind the massive tree, just watching her, hooked. He felt like her hand was holding a little desperate hand inside of him. The hand of the child he once was.
She deserved a bigger stage. She deserved a bigger crowd, a bigger life, bigger everything. He knew he’d never be able to give it to her though. She was perfect. He felt electrified. The way her long blonde hair blew in the autumn breeze. The way she sang. Sultry. Hauntingly. “Something in the way...mmmm….hmmm.” It found him. It put him back together again. 
Everything about that day was perfect. The way smoke filled the air from nearby grills. There were campsites all around. People trudged about, kicking up piles of leaves, acting like they were never going back home and for a minute, Tyler could relate to other people. 
He lit a cigarette and stood there and watched her entire performance. She ended it by singing, “What else can I say? Everyone is gay,” from the song All Apologies. Then she stepped back from the microphone and gave a little bow. Some people cheered for her and others were a bit bewildered by her strangeness. But she’d done something to that day and to Tyler. There was no turning back.  
“Wooo!” Tyler yelled and clapped but she didn’t hear him and he hadn’t really meant for her to. 
He didn’t approach her that day. He couldn’t approach such an innocent beauty with his rage. With his mistake of an existence. He watched as some redheaded girl ran over to her after the performance and they hugged and the redhead gave Dayne a bracelet and then she was gone, walking further and further away until the trees hid her from view. He didn’t think he’d see her again. 
He didn’t for three more years. He never forgot that voice. It always haunted him. One day he was sitting outside a Sonic off of I-40 eating a burger that he’d dug out from a dumpster. He waited until the right irate customer came along. There was always one, one whose order was wrong and they’d toss the order into the dumpster and speed away like the fat psycho they were. Half of the stuff Americans felt like they needed eventually ended up in the dumpster. So he grabbed the food and ate and stared off into space and then he saw her. She was going inside the mall across the interstate. Pinewood was a huge shopping center. The building was a three-floor structure made of pastel stucco. It was the second biggest mall in North Carolina. Tyler had no interest in malls, but he definitely had an interest in her. He knew it was her. It was the same beautiful pair of endless legs and long blonde hair. Same walk (a walk that was somehow tough and vulnerable at the same time). She was also carrying a guitar. 
He got up and crossed the highway. The smell of exhaust fumes took hold until he went into the mall where the sound of the waterfall was quite loud but not loud enough to drown out Ace of Base’s Beautiful Life. The smell of perfume samples and Chick-Fil-A hovered over him to the point where he almost gagged. 
Tyler had never been to a mall before. He lived twenty-two entire years without ever going to one. He never saw any reason to go. And Fiona never took him anywhere. Not even to a park. The first time he went to a park, he was twelve and had stumbled upon it while aimlessly walking around.
He’d stolen most of his clothes. A lot of them he found after they were discarded behind laundromats. That was the easiest place to find clothes. Some thrift stores got so many donations they tossed them out, or sometimes the donation box was unlocked and he could just grab stuff from there.
There really was no need for anything inside the mall. The record store was cool but he had the radio in whatever motel he was staying at. He supposed the one thing he needed was shoes. People never discarded their shoes until they were no good anymore. He glanced up at the Skechers shoe store but kept walking. With the setup of the store, it wouldn’t be the easiest place to shoplift from. There was a huge counter in the back where the sales guy stood so he had ample view of everything. You could tell he took his job very seriously too. He needed that paycheck to spend on acne treatments. Tyler had never seen a more flawed complexion. No one was in the store either, so all eyes would be on Tyler if he even tried anything, and Tyler looked suspicious. The hem of his stolen shirt was caked with dirt. His jeans were ripped to shreds. His dark hair was long and tangled (he never bothered combing it) and his beard was quite thick. He wore fingerless gloves and his fingernails were dirty. He kept walking. 
For now, he had his trusty oxfords. He’d been lucky the day he got them. That morning, an old lady left her purse in a shopping cart while loading groceries into her car. He grabbed it and took off. She had a ton of cash in her purse – crisp, green beautiful twenties and hundreds buried under wads of kleenex. He went to a shoe store on the side of the highway and bought himself some black leather oxfords. He also got himself the first real meal he’d had in a while.
He walked by The Candle Store. The scent was quite strong – a mix of vanilla and cinnamon. It was nice, hypnotic. Dayne was standing behind the counter. Her blonde hair touched down on the glass countertop as she reached for something inside the case. Then she came around the counter and walked into the big, bright empty store. She had on a halter top and jean shorts. A pair of white converse shoes, no socks. She was so tall and slender she could have been a model. She began dusting the shelves with a big fluffy pink feather duster even though the store was immaculate.
Tyler sat on the bench in front of the loud waterfall and watched her for a while. She didn’t notice him. She was the type of worker to work even when the boss wasn’t around, even when there was clearly nothing to do. She was a good girl. 
She turned all the candles so their labels were facing the store. She went back behind the counter, tucking her hair behind her ear and answered the phone. He could barely hear her sweet voice – that charming southern accent. “The Candle Store at Pinewood, this is Dayne, how may I help you?” she paused. Then she said, “Oh yeah, we do, but the autumn candles won’t be in until September. Yup! Bye.” 
Tyler kept his black eyes peeled to her. After the call, she leaned over the counter, enjoying the leisure time, and her small tits pressed together. Then she straightened up and lit a small candle on the countertop. It was a spring candle called Fresh Linens. The smell was clean and new. The store itself was bright and clean and looked like it belonged up in Heaven.
Tyler had no use for a candle and would look stupid buying one, but he could always get a lighter. Surely a candle store would sell lighters. 
Dayne looked up and suddenly saw him there. She hadn’t heard him come in. He was just suddenly there. She took him in. His scruffy black beard and longish hair. Those sad dark eyes were like lonely rooms no one ever went into, no one turned the lights on to, no one filled up with life. 
“Oh!” she said, shocked to see anyone in the store. He stood completely still as if needing to be plugged in to react. 
Nearly two hours had gone by with no traffic whatsoever. It was spring – people were shopping for sunglasses and shorts. Candles were something people bought when they were going to spend more time at home, like in the fall and winter.
“I didn’t hear you come in,” she smiled. Tyler was always as quiet as a ghost. It became embedded in him. Fiona used to sleep during the day on the couch and whenever he wanted food, he had to cross the living room to get to the kitchen. The last thing he wanted was to wake her up. She’d start yelling at him. ‘Good for nothing! Mistake! Why?!! Why’d I ever have to have you! Why!’ She’d start throwing things at him, hitting him. Chaos would erupt and burn his soul if he made the slightest sound.
So he’d tiptoe. He realized walking quietly was an art, he became so good at it. He also realized wearing thick socks helped and knowing where all those sensitive spots on the floor were. 
“Sorry, I hope I didn’t scare you,” he said. Dayne loved that the first word he ever said to her was sorry. She never heard guys apologize. 
“No,” she smiled. “You didn’t.” And if he did, she would never admit it.
She had the cutest smile. It was somewhat crooked and reminded Tyler of a girl he went to school with when he was twelve. She’d been in a terrible car accident when she was little and it left a scar on her lip so she smiled funny but he always found it endearing. Her name was Sarah. Until Dayne, Sarah was the only girl Tyler gave any thought to. Sarah had come up to Tyler one day and gave him one of her Super Mario McDonalds Happy Meal collector toys. She shyly ran off before he could thank her.
“Can I help you find something?” Dayne asked. She had such warmth in her tone. Tyler was starving for such a thing. Not food or clean clothes (even though he desperately needed those things too) but hearing warmth and love in someone’s tone of voice. He found it so soothing. Addicting, even.
“Uh, just a lighter.” His voice was as gritty as his look.
“Oh sure.” She looked down into the glass display case where the lighters were kept. 
He looked her over, his eyes falling all over her perfect existence.
“So what’s it like working in a candle store? Must be kind of boring.”
“It is,” she said, taking out a trey of lighters. “Someone just called wanting to know if we have pumpkin candles. It’s April. But I guess some people don’t think candle stores are seasonal but we are.” Tyler was listening even though the subject of candles wasn’t that exciting. The way she spoke was exciting. “I wish my job was to sit around and name candles all day,” she said, smiling. “Come up with names like Apple Trail and Honey Bath.”
“I’d give ‘em names like Inner Rage and Bad Childhood just to be funny,” Tyler said.
Dayne laughed – she had this big laugh that just exploded and Tyler couldn’t help but laugh too. 

Tyler thought about that day as he got on his motorcycle to go meet her. Maybe it was time to want things. Maybe it was time to get over this big fear that he was just scum like his dad. If she liked him then maybe he wasn’t so bad.
He pressed his worn out leather oxford to the peddle and took off down the interstate on that sunny afternoon, starting his six-hundred mile commute. 


Maggie drove around Rogers Park aimlessly for a while, her suitcase in the backseat. What if Tyler just had a kink? What if rape turned him on and that was that? What if he wasn’t a rapist? Or what if he had those DVDs as a way to connect with his dad somehow. God, how terrible. How fucking terrible.
She was his wife. Did the vows they took not mean anything? And what was she really going to accomplish by going to Chase’s Landing?
Maybe you just need to go. When was the last time you did anything for you? Have you ever done anything for yourself? You’ve been the good daughter. The good friend. The good wife. But really, who is Maggie Meshap?  
She’d go to the beach, she decided. She’d get a room and finally take a pregnancy test and hope for the best. Whatever the best was at that point. 
She started to turn around when she felt cold water drip down on her shoulder. It wasn’t raining and even if it was, all the windows were up in her car. Maggie felt the cold water drip down on her again. So ice-cold it made her shiver. Then she noticed a strange smell that was both sweet and terrible at the same time. Like a peach rotting in the middle of summer…
Maggie looked over her shoulder and saw Dayne in the backseat. Her pink hair was wet and tangled. Her arms were resting on the backrest of the front seat. They were as white as porcelain. She rested her cheek against them and gazed up at Maggie with lifeless eyes. It was over – the chance to live. The chance to die. The chance to have her dreams come true. The chance to wake up from the nightmare. All over. She just looked bored.
Maggie’s lips parted to speak but no words left. Dayne was always the prettiest girl Maggie had ever seen and it brought something alive in Maggie she never really got to explore. 
“Who killed you?” Maggie asked. Dayne just looked at her and that pungent scent took over again. It became so thick and strong Maggie almost vomited. Then Dayne straightened out her long pale arm and pointed at the windshield and said with a dead calm, “Watch out.”
Maggie turned to the blinding glare approaching her at full speed. She made a sharp turn, slamming into a chain-link fence protecting nothing but an empty lot where a building burned down years ago. 
“Jesus Christ!” Maggie screamed as she managed to slam on the brakes. She took a few deep breaths as the lights came on in a nearby building. “Fuck.”
She had to get out of there before the neighbors made it a big deal and then the cops came. 
She looked in the backseat again for Dayne, but no one was there. It was just a vacant black leather seat. The smell of her lingered though — that sweet smell of death in the summer. 
Maggie started the car up, thinking enough of this. It was time to go out there and find some closure. 



We’ll Share a Drink
and Step Outside
MAY 25TH, 1997
“What was the last show you went to?” Rocky asked Dayne. 
He was getting a crazy perk from the iced coffee. It even seemed stronger than usual. The sun seemed to shine brighter than usual too. It was a Sunday. Business at Blackbird Café was really starting to pick up. The front door was open. Some people were on the front porch, staring out at the beach, which was a shimmering silver that morning. Some of them had just checked in at The Hut. Fishermen were out on the pier, throwing their lines in. People were out on their jet skis. People were everywhere, busy with fun activities. The first official day of summer was June 20th, but as far as everyone was concerned at Chase’s Landing, it was today. 
“Marilyn Manson,” Dayne gave that crooked smile of hers as she answered Rocky. She had her elbow resting on the table and her sparkling green eyes on him. He had on a Pantera t-shirt and his orange GloWear pants for work. He still couldn’t believe he was having coffee with such a pretty girl on a Sunday afternoon. The day had started off bad but it was certainly improving. 
“Oh man,” he replied with mixed emotions when Dayne mentioned Marilyn Manson. When it came to bands, Rocky preferred guys that didn’t wear makeup or bother with any gimmicks – just bands that straight up played heavy music.  
“Hey! It was fun, man,” Dayne defended the band. “My friend Tiffany gave him a blow job.”
Rocky nearly choked on his coffee when Dayne just dropped that bit of information like it was nothing.
“Who? The singer?” he asked after a series of coughs.
“Yup,” Dayne giggled. “Yeah, man,” Dayne sat up in her seat as if suddenly revived. “That girl is crazy. Tiffany Van Pierson. I fuckin’ miss her.”
“Well…” Rocky was at a loss for words. Dayne just laughed some more. 
Then he leaned over the table in order to talk quietly. 
“I heard Manson fucked this virgin and then smeared her virgin blood all over his chest before a show, is that true?” he asked.
“I think it’s just one of those crazy rumors,” Dayne said. Then she snapped her fingers and pointed at him. “Oh, I know what you’re talking about! I think it was chicken blood.” The way she said ‘chicken blood’ in her southern accent was cute.
“He fucked a virgin chicken?” Rocky said, making Dayne laugh even more.
“No!” she shrieked. A few people turned and looked at them before returning to their boring conversations. Dayne smirked at the fact that they drew so much attention. “They killed a chicken…I think. They’re just dumb rumors though. Well dude…” she reached for the hot pink dye still in a black plastic bag. Then she noticed how Rocky was giving her a weird look.
“What?” she asked.
“Nothing. It’s just nice having coffee with you,” he said.
“You too,” she agreed, nodding. Her blonde hair touched down on the wooden table, circling her coffee mug. Every little detail about that day was a painting he wished he could hang in his room forever. 
“I should go,” she suddenly announced. “I have to dye my hair before the show tonight. You’re coming, right?”
Rocky frowned. Why would he not go? “Of course,” he said.
“Cool.” 
She stood up, taking the dye and her iced coffee.
Rocky looked heartbroken. 
“You leaving?” he asked. 
“Duh.”
Dayne noticed how sad Rocky looked. “Don’t worry, dude! Tonight’s gonna be awesome.”

Dayne headed up Ghost Popcorn Road to June’s house. She’d had high hopes that Daryl’s jeep wouldn’t be in the driveway but there it was. 
She managed to make it up to her room without running into anyone. She made a few phone calls before grabbing a crappy towel to spread on the bathroom floor. 
Forty-five minutes later she flung her hair back after rinsing most of the excess dye out. Only a few very subtle pink dots hit the bathroom wall. The dye made her happy. She glanced at her reflection in the mirror. She’d gotten some sun today. There was a glow about her. The color was very flattering on her. It brought all of her spunk even more to life. The pink color complimented her green eyes too. When she saw that color pink, it banished any dreary feeling inside of her.
She grinned and proceeded to fling her hair back and forth some more, headbanging. Marilyn Manson’s cover of Rock ‘n’ Roll Nigger played on the stereo from her bedroom down the hall and she quietly mouthed along, “Baby was a black sheep, baby was a whore, baby’s gotten big and baby’s gettin’ bigger! Baby got some, then baby want more…” 
The bathroom door swung open and her dad staggered in. He grabbed her by her throat and pushed her against the wall.
“WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN HUH?!” He was quite angry and couldn’t find her yesterday to take his anger out on, so his anger had just been building and building. He was very drunk too. She could smell the whiskey on his breath. It wasn’t just the strong stench of whiskey but the stench of a man who hadn’t taken a shower in days. Daryl hadn’t bathed since they left North Carolina. If he really did read that self-help book it must not have mentioned how important hygiene was. He’d been wearing the same outfit (Wrangler jeans, Neil Young shirt and worn out Burkenstocks) since they left too. All of his other clothes were at the condo. 
He’d been spending all morning on the screened-in porch getting drunk, staring out at the past. At one point he started crying. Whiskey tears, June called them. 
He kept his hand around Dayne’s throat as he reached out to touch her hair. 
“YOU GOT THIS DAMN SHIT ALL OVER THE FLOOR!” he hollered. She’d never heard anyone yell so loud in her life. 
“I’ll get it up…” she mumbled, her voice shaking. He backed off and watched as she took some toilet paper and tried to wipe it up. By now it left a stain. Daryl reached down and grabbed her by her hair and tossed her over the edge of the bathtub so her ass was in the air. He stood behind her and undid his jeans before grabbing a handful of her wet pink hair. 
“NO!” Dayne screamed. 
He yanked her head back by her hair with one hand and with his other, he started to undo his jeans. 
“Let her go.” Aunt June warned. Daryl stumbled backwards, drunk and bewildered. His hand was wet with pink water. He hadn’t heard June come in. 
Dayne stood up and huddled in the corner. She was sobbing and shaking. 
“You get out,” June told Daryl. “You get the fuck out.”   
Daryl started talking in his loud voice as Dayne stepped out of the tub and went down the hall as the next Marilyn Manson track, Shitty Chicken Gang Bang, came on. 
“She’s my daughter,” Daryl told June. “And she runs around – ain’t got no discipline - running around with…”
He stopped when he saw Dayne rushing back down the hallway. Long pink hair hung in her face. She had on that same white dress and was holding the pocket knife in her hand. The blade was out. She picked up speed as she neared him and if June hadn’t caught her at the right second, Daryl would have been dead. Dayne still tried to stab him, holding the knife above his head. She looked possessed. Her eyes glowed with rage. 
“Where’d you get that fucking knife from?” Daryl said, in that same preachy tone of his.
“GET OUT!!!” Dayne screamed louder than he had earlier. Loud enough to set off car alarms. “YOU GET THE FUCK OUT!” she was still trying to stab her father, bringing her hand down so the knife was just inches from his head. June was amazed at how strong she was. She was a scrawny thing but full of rage. She knew if her hand slipped at all from Dayne’s arm, Dayne would get him. 
Dayne continued to scream at the top of her lungs. “YOU GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE OR I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU!”
Daryl didn’t say anything, not a word. His mouth hung open in shock. When it came to screaming, no one would do it better or louder than Dayne. All this time there’d been an animal beneath her pretty exterior. Feral was right. 
This time Daryl was the one who was shaking in fear. He turned and marched down the steps and out the backdoor. 
“Give me the knife,” June said, trying to finagle it out of Dayne’s hand. 
“Fuck off,” Dayne replied, marching to her room. 
June let her guard down, thinking how badly she needed a drink. That was when Dayne came back down the hall, flying passed her and ran down the stairs with the knife in her hand. 
“Dayne!” June called, running after her but she knew she’d never catch up. Dayne was already out the door and walking down the steps into the yard. She was too late, Daryl was already pulling out of the driveway. 

ONE HOUR EARLIER 
Maggie was reading Weekend by Christopher Pike in the garden, feeling quite content. It was hot but not humid and Maggie had on a bucket hat which helped shade her face from the sun. Last night’s strange, mysterious visitor banging on the door seemed long gone. The bright sunny day made it seem like it never even happened.
Lola was near Maggie’s feet, licking her paws before stretching out in the tall grass. She squinted her little blue eyes before they popped back open at the sight of a grasshopper. Until it moved, it blended in so well with the grass that she hadn’t noticed it. She watched lazily, slowly losing interest until her tiny blue eyes closed. Maggie flipped the page in her book and bent down to pet her. She could hear her purr. 
She heard the phone ringing in the kitchen. It might be the hospital calling for Sophie. She decided to let it go to voicemail. 
The house fell silent once again. 
She turned another page in her book. The book was bought at a used bookstore and the page was so crisp it felt like a dead leaf. Maggie started to get paranoid. What if whoever called was that mysterious visitor who banged on the door last night? 
She heard the window above the kitchen sink open.
“Some very strange girl just called for you!” Sophie shouted through it. Maggie put the book down on the dusty coffee table. The table had been handed over to outdoor life last year when they managed to afford a bigger one for the living room – a big black one from Salvation Army with flowers painted on it. Sophie thought it looked oriental. 
“Lola, should we go in and see who that was?” Maggie scooped her up from her napping spot. Lola’s ears drew back like they always did when she was suddenly distracted.  
Sophie was standing at the kitchen sink when they entered. Maggie put Lola down and she slowly pranced over to the living room to her favorite spot halfway under the couch, where she could hide in case anything bad happened. Smoke rings lifted from the cigarette between Sophie’s fingers as she turned around to look at Maggie. 
“She’s singing into the machine, real weird,” she said.
Maggie gazed at the answering machine and saw the light blinking. She pushed the red button and a bratty voice started declaring, “So I was in my room and I was just like staring at the wall thinking about everything you know? But then again I was just thinking about nothing and my mom came and I didn’t even know she was there and she called my name and I didn’t even hear it and she started screaming Dayne! Dayne! You’re on drugs and I’m like what? No I’m just thinking and she’s like no you’re on drugs! You’re having sex and you’re on drugs and I was like Mom I just want a Dr. Pepper can I just have a Dr. Pepper! And she’s like no you’re on drugs! And I’m like what! No I just want a Dr. Pepper! And she’s like you can’t have a Dr. Pepper because you’re on drugs!!!” Dayne screamed into the phone and Maggie was laughing so hard she was crying. Lola went all the way under the couch.
Happy tears trickled down Maggie’s cheeks to the big fat freckle on her upper lip. Dayne was laughing on the machine too. 
“Yo, I’m, um, singing tonight at Blackbird Cafe. I promise it won’t sound like that,” Dayne added.
Maggie’s smile grew even bigger until it froze on her face. Her mom watched from the smoky corner of the kitchen. She’d never seen her daughter look so happy. 
“Come okay?” Dayne’s message went on. “I need to ask you something. I go on sometime between seven and midnight. Gotta dye my hair now. Bye.” 
“What does she need to ask you?” Sophie asked.
Maggie hung over the answering machine, still smiling as if Dayne was still talking. Maggie looked high or drunk or something.
“Maggie?” Sophie called out. “Earth to Maggie…”
“Huh?” Maggie glanced up at her mother, still grinning.
“Who was that?”
“Dayne, mom. Dayne Nichols. She’s playing tonight at a coffee shop, can we go?”
“What does she play?” Sophie asked, afraid to find out.
“The guitar, and she sings.”
“I don’t know if I want to hear her sing after that.”
“Mom, that was a Suicidal Tendencies song. Come on, mom, we never go out – we never go anywhere.” Maggie’s voice shook with intensity when she realized how true that was. She couldn’t recall the last time her and her mom did anything fun. “And going to the grocery store doesn’t count,” she quickly added.
“Where is this show?” Sophie asked, apprehensive.
“Blackbird Cafe...in Indiana.”
“Ha! You want me to drive to Indiana?” Sophie turned to put her smoke out in the ashtray. She kept shaking her head. “I don’t know what you kids do these days, screaming into answering machines,” she added, her voice trailing off.
“It was funny!” Maggie said.
“We need to go to the store and we need to really think about what we need because money is tight.” 
Maggie’s stomach tightened. She wasn’t going to go another day like this, not living life. Not looking into those green eyes. She had to see her tonight. She just had to.
“Mom, I want to go to Indiana.” Maggie was determined. 
“No, that’s three hours away.”
“I didn’t do anything for my birthday, I never do anything at all. Please. Aren’t you sick and tired of hospitals and grocery stores? I want to go to Indiana. We never do anything – we never go on any adventures.” 
Sophie stood there and stared at her daughter. 
“It could actually be fun,” Maggie kept trying. “We could actually have some fun.”
Sophie never left her small world of reality and worry. Was there enough money to make it through the week after bills were paid? Should she take that extra night shift even though she was exhausted?
“That’s a lot of gas money.”
“I have some – I never spent my allowance. Mom, I want to go to Indiana.” It was starting to sound like a mantra. 
Sophie walked over and took the grocery list off of the fridge. Maggie watched, her hope crumbling. They weren’t going to go to Indiana.
Then Sophie ripped up the list and turned with a brand new smile on her face.
“Alright, screw it! Let’s go!”
“REALLY?!” Maggie shouted.
“Yes.” 
Maggie jumped up and down and ran over to hug her. 
“Thank you! Thank you!”
“Okay,” Sophie said, laughing and hugging her daughter in return. Maggie was holding her very tight, expressing all the appreciation in the world. 


“Where in Indiana, Maggie?” Sophie asked as they rummaged through their clothes upstairs for something to wear. What exactly did you wear to some coffeehouse gig, Sophie wondered.
Both of their doors were open as they continued to talk.
“Chase’s Landing,” Maggie replied. 
Sophie had never heard of it.
“What time is the show?” Sophie called out next.
“Seven!”
Sophie checked her watch. It was already a quarter past four.
“I don’t know if we’ll make it!”
“Sure! Just speed!” Maggie said. Sophie could hear the grin in her voice.
“No, Maggie,” Sophie said, pulling out the bottom drawer of her antique wooden dresser. She had to pull hard – the old swollen wood wouldn’t give easily. It wasn’t used to being opened either, the bottom drawer was where she kept all of her fancy blouses and skirts and nice pants. The top drawers with her underwear and hospital scrubs were used the most.
A strange earthy smell greeted her once she got it open. She took out a black blouse with a butterfly pattern on the collar. She hadn’t worn it in so long. She hadn’t had a reason to. She took off the tacky brooch and slipped the blouse on. 

Meanwhile, in Maggie’s room, the floor was blanketed with rock t-shirts. She finally found the one she wanted. It was the Pearl Jam shirt with the little girl on the front with the word CHOICES at the bottom and the band’s name at the top. She put it on before slipping on an equally comfortable pair of jeans. Then she focused on her hair. It was its wild free array of brown curls. She decided to leave it that way. Let them be the big crazy curls they wanted to be. She pulled on her Chuck Taylors, fed Lola and met her mom in the yard by the old Scorpio.


Leslie’s dusty beige Mercedes Benz pulled up into the driveway. It took the place of Daryl’s jeep. June stared out at her sister as she got out of her car. She saw a young guy in the passenger’s seat. He had a goatee and a careless blonde bob. A pretty boy. She knew that was her boyfriend from hearing her describe him.
“Heh,” June laughed. Lord help that girl with parents like these. Of course June was no saint – not by any means – but she didn’t have kids. So her kids didn’t have to suffer because of her bad choices. June made a decision a long time ago to devote her life to her art. And art sometimes even flourished because of bad choices.
“Hello!” Leslie called as she came trotting towards the house. She was carrying a beach bag crammed with stuff – probably a graduation present for Dayne and maybe some wine and what looked to be a baguette awkwardly sticking out of the bag. “June!” Leslie called her name warmly, like the sisters were actually close. 
June rolled her eyes and downed some Jack Daniels before walking out onto the screened-in porch. She followed it up with a second drink, adding a little bit of fizzy coke to it. 
She held it up to her mouth and felt the fizzy drops of soda tickle her face. She gulped it back as Leslie pushed the screen door open. She was wearing one of her beige outfits she wore for her real estate showings. Standing behind her was Benny. He had a green alien head stud in his right earlobe. He was clueless and tacky. It took all June’s strength not to laugh in his face. 
“Hello!” Leslie was still cheerful.
June said, “Want a drink?” in the same tone she’d use to say, “Cut the shit.” 
“Sure,” Leslie said. “We’d love to see the house too.”
“Go ahead,” June said, fixing jack and cokes in two more red plastic cups. “With your job I’m sure you know how a door works.”  
Leslie shrugged off June’s passive behavior and walked into the huge beach house. Benny followed and June eventually went in after them and placed the drinks down on the counter. 
People popped in on June all the time. Of course they did, she had a nice house steps away from the beach. It was one of the biggest in all of Chase’s Landing. The people that visited always pretended to be interested in what she was working on or how she was, but they really just wanted free room and board.
“Your daughter almost killed your husband today,” June said as she handed Leslie her drink and then Benny his. Benny looked too stoned to interpret anything. 
“Ex-husband,” Leslie corrected. “What happened?”
“They got into it,” June said. “Real bad. Dayne came at him with a knife.”
Leslie finally looked concerned. “What?” 
June nodded. “That girl’s got rage in her. I’ve never seen anything like it. Kind of like on Halloween when your kid decides to be a demon – only it’s not Hallween.”
Leslie was quiet for a second. No one could see the tears in her eyes because of the big sunglasses she still had on.
“Where did she get the knife?” she eventually asked. “From the kitchen?” 
“No. Goddamn it, Leslie,” June exclaimed, pressing her hand against the side of her head in dismay. A cigarette was burning down to nothing between her fingers. “How could you take off like that? You and Dayne were so close.” 
“I needed a break,” Leslie said, removing her sunglasses. She looked tired.
“Heh,” June laughed and chugged back her drink.
“Don’t laugh – you have no idea how hard it is, you’re out here by the beach with your art and that’s all you have to worry about. You have no idea…”
“Because I chose that,” June hammered her finger against her own chest. “We make choices, Leslie, and then we have to be responsible for them. I didn’t have kids because I’m selfish and wanted to live my life my way, but you got a kid – a goddamn special one at that. Out of everyone in this family, she actually could make something of herself. But not if you two keep fucking up! She’s still a kid – she’s supposed to be your life. Until people are forty they don’t know what the hell they’re doing, must of ‘em, she is gonna need you until the day she dies.” 
Leslie just sat there like a rock.
June threw her hands up, disgusted.
“Oh what’s the goddamn point?” she poured herself some more whiskey. “We should get going soon, this thing starts at seven.”
“Okay,” Leslie replied. 
June shook her head. They didn’t care. They didn’t care that Dayne was in trouble. June could feel it in her soul. It was a terrible feeling too. 
When June was a kid, she got on a rollercoaster she wasn’t quite big enough for and the protective handle didn’t come anywhere near her waist and when the old rollercoaster reached the top of the steepest slope, seconds from dipping down at an ungodly speed, she felt like she was going to fall out, because the hill went straight down, and there was nothing she or anyone could do. All she could do was scream along with everyone else. And although those screams sounded like joy and excitement, there was always a bit of fear mixed in. That was what it was like to be a teenager and Leslie just didn’t get it. It was like she’d never been one herself.
June went back out on the porch and started rolling a joint. It had been a long day. That fight between Dayne and her father was still fresh in her mind. The crazed look in Dayne’s eyes. That incredibly sharp knife and all the screaming.
Leslie joined her, sitting in the swing. Leslie and June had been blessed with having rich parents. June always reminded herself that it was their money and not hers and hoped to become a famous painter and make her own way, but the best she did was sell a painting here and there. She was no Picasso. But she wasn’t a Leslie either and she was thankful for that. 
Leslie had always been the pretty one, the perfect one, the one who wanted a horse for Christmas, the girl who was great at ballet but eventually became a real estate agent. The girl that was so good at appearing to have her shit together that no one could see the cracks. Meanwhile June was a free spirit, the odd one, the black sheep. The cracks were what made her whole. 
June lit the joint. The woods were trying to tell them something but they weren’t listening. Leslie reached over for June’s cassette player and turned the radio on. Rod Stewart’s Tonight’s the Night came on. 
Leslie sat back and looked out at the woods. 
“Is it true those woods are haunted?” 
“Cursed,” June specified. “The Swansons...back in the 70s...walked into the woods and never came back out. Well, everyone except the little girl, she never went in. She was waitin’ for them to come back. But there was no sign of ‘em, no bones. Nothing. Her entire family went into the woods and never came back out.” 
June passed the joint to Leslie. At first she wasn’t going to share, but this was her sister. She put up with the same crap that June did when they were kids. She deserved a puff.
“Some people say that...the woods try and warn people when somein’ bad’s gonna happen to them or someone they know. You’ll hear this loud knock at your door – Bang! Bang! Bang! And you answer and no one’s there.”
Leslie didn’t buy into that. They stared off into the woods. The sun was starting to go down. They smoked and listened to the Rod Stewart song. “Stay away from my window, stay away from my back door too, disconnect the telephone line, relax baby and draw the blind, kick off your shoes and sit right down, loosen off that pretty French gown, let me pour you a good long drink, ooh baby don’t you hesitate cause…”


Sophie headed towards I-90 in silence as Maggie messed with the radio dial, endlessly searching for a Pearl Jam song. She wasn’t having much luck. Instead of picking out a song, Sophie wished she’d pick out a college. She bit her tongue. Tonight they’d just enjoy each other’s company. Save the big talks for another day.
“Wait…” Sophie suddenly realized something. “Is this the girl with the guitar you were talking about?” 
“Yeah, that’s the one,” Maggie mumbled, not finding a good song. It was starting to irritate her.
“Oh.” Sophie left it at that for the time being.
She took in the pleasant sunset, the long drive out to the beach, the feel of the stressful city sliding off their shoulders as they headed to unfamiliar territory. If they could afford it, she’d consider getting a room so they wouldn’t have to drive back tonight.
This was why people took vacations, Sophie suddenly realized. That nice feeling of getting away. To clear their heads of all the mundane stuff. 
“Maggie,” Sophie couldn’t take it anymore, “Just pick a song.”
“No, not until I find the right one, I could be listening to Phil Collins and Q101 might be playing Pearl Jam and that would be such a travesty. I can’t let it happen.”        
There were three stations Maggie liked and kept checking. The alternative station The Edge was her favorite but they had a tendency to play too much Red Hot Chili Peppers, and then there was Rock 95.6 FM which played “a nice blend of rock n roll from the 70s, 80s and today…” and then there was the classic rock station (“The Hunt 97.5 FM – the hunt for real rock n roll stops here.”) Bowie, Queen and Iggy and the Stooges were its favorites. The Hunt had been around since 1975 (hence the 97.5). Rock 95.6 was currently playing Rod Stewart’s Tonight’s The Night. 
“Eew,” Maggie said when she heard it and went back to The Edge. When You’re Gone by The Cranberries was halfway over. She left it there and stuck her hand out of the window and felt the late afternoon sun press down on it as they flew down I-90. 
“I’m really curious how tonight’s gonna go,” Sophie said. She looked over at Maggie, about to say something related to Maggie’s sexuality because Sophie was really starting to wonder about that, when the first few chords of Immortality by Pearl Jam came on, prompting Maggie to freak out.
“OH GOD! OH GOD FINALLY!” Maggie turned it way up. “One day I’m getting a Pearl Jam tattoo, I swear.”
“No,” Sophie said, using her stern voice that time. “Promise me you won’t.”
Maggie didn’t. She just devoted her ears to the beautiful song and started swaying in her seat. 
Sophie managed to not say what she wanted to: It’s so important to make the right decisions in life, Maggie. You get a tattoo and the next thing you know you’re rolling around in the dope with dope fiends and then you’re in prison. 
Sophie had this horrible image of her daughter sleeping under a bridge. She bit her tongue again. Then she heard her daughter humming along to the words, eventually singing a few of them.
“But there’s a trapdoor in the sun…” Maggie sang a little. She might have had a nice voice but it was buried under doubt and insecurity. 
Sophie smiled and looked back at the road. She finally stopped worrying so much and saw the beautiful girl she raised on her own sitting there, singing.
“We should watch that movie Singles sometime,” Sophie suggested.
“Mom,” Maggie moaned like she was in pain. “You know what that movie does to me, I can’t just sit down and watch it. I have to prepare myself.” Singles had Eddie Vedder in it. He didn’t have a main role, but he’d pop up in scenes here and there and it always caught Maggie off guard no matter how many times she’d seen it. It kind of drove her nuts but in a good way. The way he’d suddenly appear in the coffee shop. Or on someone’s couch. Maybe that was why she had that dream of him suddenly being in the grocery store. 
“Oh right,” Sophie laughed. “It has Eddie Vedder in it.”
“Duh,” Maggie said. 
Sophie smiled as they approached Summerlake Bridge, which would take them straight to Ghost Popcorn Road.
It was happening, Maggie thought. Soon she’d see Dayne again. The thought released a thousand butterflies into her belly.
“So,” Sophie tried to make her next question just sound like small talk. “Do you find yourself sexually attracted to Mr. Vedder?”
“Mom! What!” Maggie laughed out loud and the piece of Big Red gum she’d been chewing made an appearance between her perfect teeth. 
Sophie decided to give it a rest. She was embarrassed and felt her cheeks go red.
“It’s nice to be out,” she tried to change the subject. “Tell ya what, after this we can go to Pizza Hut and go home and watch a movie together.”
“Really?” Maggie exclaimed. They never went out to eat.
“Sure,” Sophie promised, patting Maggie on the leg. “We might as well make a whole thing out of it.”
Maggie grew quiet when they embarked on Ghost Popcorn Road. It was so narrow and close to the beach. The beach looked calm tonight, the waves crawling out and drawing back in like tiny white hands trying to grasp the sand before giving up. 
Maggie saw the gothic wooden sign outside the cafe: Blackbird.
“That’s it!” she cried out. The cafe looked like a tiny log cabin. It sat way back behind its big sandy parking lot. 
Sophie pulled up and parked and they stared out at the beach. The water sparkled under the last few moments of sunlight as Immortality faded out. “Truants move on, cannot stay long, some die just to live...”


It was cold inside the cafe. Kathy had the AC blasting all day and forgot to turn it down. She’d been too busy dealing with a very unexpected crowd. She could have never expected this kind of turnout. She didn’t know June had passed out a lot of flyers whenever she could, even telling her kooky friends in Wisconsin to come down and see her niece perform. 
“Hello!” she waved at Sophie and Maggie. “Come in, what can I getcha?”
“A sweater,” Sophie laughed. She was freezing.
“I’ll turn the AC down a bit!” Kathy said as more people mosied on in. She tried not to obsess over all the sand that had been tracked in. 
She adjusted the AC and opened the front door. She glanced at the old man sitting in the swing looking out at Ghost Popcorn Road. He basically lived at The Hut and always gave Kathy the creeps. He never said a word to anyone, just dragged his feet up and down the road. He was dark-skinned, possibly Cherokee. He looked like the type who had been a loner his whole life.
“There,” Kathy said, walking back over to the counter where Maggie and her mom stood. “It’s such a nice night.” 
The hum of the AC silenced. The conversation between customers instantly became louder. Warm soothing air blew in from the front porch.
“I hate to be such a burden,” Sophie said.
“You’re not! I am, I’m the one that had the AC blasting,” Kathy said. “Evening folks! Evening everybody!” she greeted the entire crowd with a huge smile as even more people wandered in. Then she looked at Sophie who was next in line to order. “The only reason I don’t keep the door open is because of all the sand – it just finds a way to get in anyway,” Kathy explained. “What can I get ya’ll?” 
“Oh I have no idea,” Sophie said, looking over the menu on the wall. 
“Take your time!” Kathy said, placing two bottles of wine out for the show. One red and one white. Then she put out a tower of plastic cups and a homemade sign that read: OPEN BAR 7-9, ADULTS ONLY!!
A man with stringy grey hair and a banged up guitar case strolled right over the second the wine appeared, like a rat racing to a chunk of cheese. He grabbed a plastic cup and filled it to the top with red wine and walked back towards the stage. 
Kathy waved Sophie over to gossip and Sophie leaned over the counter.
“That’s Peter Crass, the town weirdy-beardy. Guy thinks he’s the next Neil Young or something. But he sucks!” Kathy laughed and Sophie did too, although she hated making fun of people. “I suggest if you need to pee, do it while he’s on stage!” Kathy added, laughing some more.  
Then Maggie asked abruptly, “Is Dayne here?” She couldn’t take it anymore. She wanted to see her so bad. 
“No, she’s not,” Kathy said. “But she’s supposed to play later.” Kathy straightened up the arrangement of cupcakes in the display case. “She’s a firecracker.”
“I know,” Maggie said with a smirk. 
Sophie gazed at the cupcakes and her mouth began to water. She never treated herself, whether it was to a box of chocolates or a new pair of shoes. She just didn’t need those things. The money could be put away for Maggie later. She’d already set up a trust fund, unbeknownst to Maggie.
Maggie looked over her shoulder every time the door opened, hoping it was Dayne. This time it was a middle-aged couple holding hands. There was no sign of Dayne anywhere. Just like a true rock star, she would be late while anticipation built. Maggie was nervous – why was she nervous? She wasn’t performing tonight. She had a massive crush on Dayne. That was why. 
The sudden sound of the steam releasing from the wand of the espresso machine made Maggie jump. Kathy was talking to a regular at the end of the bar. She multitasked like it was second nature.
“Should we get a cupcake?” Sophie asked Maggie, like their entire future depended on the decision. 
“Mom, yeah, sure.” The fact that getting out was so rare for Sophie that she went gaga over cupcakes made Maggie sad.
She heard the door and turned around again. No Dayne. 
“You decided?” Kathy asked them. 
Sophie stared at the delicious looking cupcakes. The flowers on them were so neatly done they looked like cake toppers. She was particularly amazed by the perfect rose made of red butter icing on top of the chocolate one. 
Sophie hesitated. They were stopping at Pizza Hut later and hadn’t even done their weekly grocery shopping. Things were going to be tight for the next week.
“I don’t know…” Sophie said. “We shouldn’t go crazy.”
“They’re made fresh daily,” Kathy said in a polite, cheery tone while also keeping an eye on the Neil Young wannabe as he took another glass of wine. “There’s a special on ‘em tonight – two dollars each!” Kathy said. She actually just decided that because she was feeling nice and could tell these two didn’t have a lot of money to spare. 
“We’ll take one, and a cappuccino,” Maggie told Kathy. Otherwise they would have been standing there all night. “We can share it all,” Maggie told Sophie, running her hand down her mom’s arm because she looked so stressed. 
“Oh alright,” Sophie tried to relax. “We did travel all this way.”
“Oh?” Kathy replied curiously as she moved over to the espresso machine. “Where from?”
“Oh just Chicago,” Sophie said.
“Well that’s still far!” Kathy said. Her laugh was contagious. She made Sophie feel like they were old friends. “Thanks for coming down! Gonna be a great show!”
“I love your enthusiasm,” Sophie told Kathy.
“Well thanks. Anyway, I used to be a city gal,” Kathy shared, waving her hand around. “Then I met my husband and the rest is pretty boring. I opened this place and we settled down just up the street here on Wasath.” 
“That doesn’t sound boring at all,” said Sophie. “It sounds nice. This is a cute place.”
Kathy had skipped all the depressing details – like she couldn’t have kids. She’d been diagnosed with infertility at the age of 25. That was why whenever Rocky came by, she’d mother him a bit. This cafe was the place where she got to nurture people. 
“Oh thanks! I try,” Kathy replied. “Summer’s what saves me and people like you nice enough to spend an extra few dollars.” Kathy busied herself with finishing the cappuccino. Then she started to take a cupcake out.
“Which one did you want, hon?” Kathy asked.
“The one with the rose, please,” Sophie said.
Then a bratty little southern voice finally popped up behind Maggie, “They should make ones with guns too, get it? Guns and Roses?”
Maggie turned around and saw the most beautiful face. Dayne had a tan. Her hair was a pretty pink color. 
“Dude!” Maggie shouted and threw her arms around her. She felt that awesome fuzzy feeling inside you got when your crush showed up and looked even hotter than before. 
Dayne responded with an even tighter grip around Maggie. 
“Hey doll,” Dayne said, holding her tight and feeling this sense of relief. It was the same feeling she got the day at school when she first saw her. 
It was a long passionate hug. Their eyes were closed. They were completely lost in it. Dayne felt Maggie’s big soft breasts against hers and burrowed her nose in Maggie’s neck. 
Sophie stood by and watched the two embrace, forgetting about the cupcake.  
“Your fucking hair looks great,” Maggie said as the hug ended. Sophie cringed at the curse word. Clearly it was this girl who’d been causing Maggie to curse lately. Sophie would bring it up at some point but not tonight. Tonight was supposed to be fun.
Dayne smelled like hair dye and Maggie smelled like a clean t-shirt. Maggie wanted to hug her again but she managed to control herself. Sophie looked at the weird drawing on Dayne’s arm. Then at her tattered white dress. Was it a slip? Shouldn’t she be wearing another dress over it? Who let her leave the house like that? 
“Mom, this is Dayne,” Maggie said, thrilled. What Sophie heard was: Wild Card Dayne! The kind you don’t take home to mom. The type of gal that swings both ways! 
“Hello,” Sophie forced a smile. “You left that, uh, message on our voicemail.”
“Ha! Yeah, I was in a wicked mood,” she said, chuckling a little. Dayne was charming. Sophie couldn’t help but smile. 
“Well alright,” Sophie said.
Kathy nudged Dayne on the shoulder and said, “You wanna go grab a spot on stage before that old Neil Young wannabe puts us through hell?”
“Oh sure,” Dayne said before turning back to Sophie. “Thank you for coming all this way. I hope you like my set.” 
“Oh,” Sophie smiled, surprised by how professional Dayne was, and undeniably pretty. Two blazing green eyes stared back at Sophie as she shook Sophie’s hand. 
“I’m sure it’ll be good,” Sophie said. 
Dayne turned to look at Maggie. “I have to do soundcheck, can you hang out after this?”
“Um…” Maggie looked at her mother who was in the middle of paying Kathy. 
“Probably, I have to ask,” Maggie told Dayne.
“Okay cool.” Dayne picked her guitar up and headed to the little stage. 


Maggie watched Dayne for a few undisturbed moments. Dayne looked so comfortable in her own skin when she was on stage, in her element, tuning her acoustic guitar. Her blonde hair fell over the body of the Yamaha as she strummed quietly, testing and then tuning. Maggie wanted to be that focused on something. And she was. On Dayne.
Dayne wrapped her hand around the microphone, adjusting it so it was tall enough for her, and looked out at Maggie and cracked a grin, it was marvelous, like the two of them had a secret no one else in the world would ever know. Maggie smiled back. Then Dayne proceeded to act like a silly rock star, playing her guitar recklessly for a second and banging her head, making Maggie laugh. Then she went back to what she was doing and Maggie picked up the cappuccino and looked around for a place to sit. There weren’t many places left. 
Sophie took the cupcake and the plate just slipped out of her hand. The plate broke in half and the cupcake turned over so the perfect rose was now a glob of red icing stuck to the floor. The sudden noise startled a few people and they looked over. Dayne glanced up but continued to tune her guitar. Sophie stood there, completely embarrassed. Kathy was already coming over with the broom and dustpan.
“I’m so sorry,” Sophie said. She felt cold and clammy, even with the warm night air slipping through the door.
“Mom, are you okay?” Maggie noticed how pale Sophie suddenly looked. Kathy swept up the broken pieces of the baby-blue plate and replaced the cupcake with a fresh one and took it to a table for Sophie. 
“Here,” Sophie was searching her purse for money. “I can pay you.”
Kathy waved the money away. “No matter! Accidents happen! Just enjoy yourselves.” Kathy had her eye on Neil Young Wannabe because he was back at the wine. 
“You’ve had enough sir!” Kathy waved him away. 
Sophie and Maggie sat down and Maggie blew on her cappuccino as more people poured in so the cafe was full to capacity.  
“Mom, are you okay?” Maggie asked again. Sophie looked up at Maggie and felt like she ruined the entire night.
“Yes, I don’t know what happened – it was so odd. It was like someone took the plate right from my hand and threw it on the floor.” But she knew what happened. She was sick and her body just stopped functioning for a second. 
Then the lights dimmed and Dayne started strumming her guitar.


Everyone heard the loud rambunctious engine of a motorcycle. Maggie glanced outside and saw one headlight beam across the parking lot, disrupting the heavy darkness. She watched the guy on it remove his helmet and dark hair tumble down to his shoulders. She couldn’t really make out any other details. It was too dark and he was too far away. 
Dayne heard the sound of the motorcycle too. She jumped down from the stage and darted across the cafe. People moved out of the way before she knocked them down. She flew out of the front door and down the steps and Maggie heard her call out “TYLER!!!” before she jumped into his arms. 
“Maggie?” Sophie reminded her of the cappuccino that was getting cold but Maggie wasn’t interested. She kept staring out at the parking lot as Dayne dangled from the guy’s neck where she had her arms tightly wrapped around him. He wrapped one arm around her lower back in return. He held his helmet in his other hand. It was like a scene from a movie, the kind with James Dean or Marlon Brando. The light of his motorcycle was still on, creating that silver line across the beach. They stayed in each other’s arms for several minutes. 
“Is that her boyfriend?” Sophie asked with a mouthful of cupcake.
“I don’t know.” Maggie sounded so defeated. She turned around and straightened up in her chair. Of course she had a boyfriend, Maggie thought as she picked up the mug and sipped the cappuccino.


“You came,” Dayne moaned against his neck, smelling his warm, dirty skin. It had been a long few days for Tyler, going back and forth on what to do. He’d not showered but the smell didn’t bother her. 
“Yeah,” he sighed against her neck. “I didn’t think I was going to make it.” He sounded tired. He was. His bones felt rusty. 
Dayne continued to rub her face against his warm neck and then she slid her cheek along his scratchy beard until their mouths met in a hungry kiss. She moaned as his hand slipped up her dress. Daryl wasn’t here to stop them this time. 
“My dad left,” Dayne rushed to say between long hot kisses. “No one can stop us this time.” 
He moaned into her mouth, removing himself from his bike and kissing her hard, keeping his arms around her. 
“We can do whatever we want,” she sighed against his neck. 
“Fuck yeah,” Tyler said, laughing a little. He stood back and she reviewed him.
“Wow! You’re dirty.”
“Yeah, I ran into a dust storm in Kentucky,” he said, his voice tired and hoarse. She hugged him again, her nose in his beard. They kissed again and she took his hand and pulled him along.  
“Come on, I have to sing.”
Tyler wasn’t a fan of crowds. He went along reluctantly as she pulled him into the coffee shop. All of the chairs were taken and he’d have to stand, and there was hardly any room for that. 
Everyone watched Dayne come back in. Because of her, they were all enduring an extended version of Down By The River by Neil Young Wannabe. 
“Dayne?” Kathy called her over to the counter.
“Hey Kathy,” Dayne gave her that charming smile of hers.
“Thought you were gonna sing, this guy is driving my business away. Ten people left already.”
“I got you.” Dayne headed towards the stage.
Tyler stayed off to the side near the front door. He wasn’t that crazy about her pink hair, but he didn’t tell her that. His eyes slowly moved around the room. At first he didn’t see her, then when he did, he never wanted to look anywhere else for the rest of his life. Maggie looked at him at the same second. Then they both looked away. 
To Maggie, Tyler was like a character from one of the books she read in the garden. The type with a slender physique and somewhat rugged appearance. Oh but he was handsome beneath all that mess. She marveled at his thick black beard. And how his hair fell down the back of his neck in careless waves. He smelled like gasoline. His v-neck shirt had tiny holes in it. His pants had an amber glow because of all the dirt from that vicious dust storm in “Kuntucky.” He looked foriegn – those black eyes. He must have been Hispanic with maybe a little something else mixed in. His black boots were coated with mud. The way he carried himself made him seem guarded, like you needed a secret code to get in. And she wanted that code.
He glanced at her again. She had that girl-next-door quality. He saw a very innocent girl with freckles, and big tits under her Pearl Jam shirt. Jeans that hugged her curves perfectly. Then she looked at him and didn’t shy away this time. They continued to gaze at each other, wondering who would finally crack a grin. He did. Then she smiled at him. Her mom ate the new cupcake Kathy had brought over. Dayne strummed her guitar. In that moment, everything was perfect.
Then the lights dimmed and Tyler looked away and over at the stage. 


Dayne strummed her guitar with her long, delicate fingers as she addressed the crowd. She was quite different on stage – very composed. The stage light turned Dayne’s hair into magnificent shades of pink champagne and lavender.
“Hi, I’m Dayne Nichols, I’m from North Carolina,” she spoke just like she had at Tafford High. “I’m a singer.” She smiled gingerly and this time no one laughed because this was her time, this was her kind of place. 
“So, um, oh god!” she started laughing, too giddy to concentrate all of the sudden. Then she jumped up and down a little and pointed at Tyler. “My boyfriend Tyler just showed up! I didn’t know he was gonna make it.”
Boyfriend? Tyler thought, a bit nervous. And now everyone was looking at him. He looked away and his eyes landed on Maggie again, and she was looking at him with wide-eyed curiosity. Boyfriend? she was also thinking.
“Anyway until about ten seconds ago I was gonna sing Welcome to Paradise by Green Day for ya’ll but I changed my mind. This song I’m about to sing is my aunt’s fault.” She pointed to her Aunt June and narrowed her eyes with playful spite. 
June looked back at her, stunned. She placed her camera and wine down and clapped.
“She used to play this all the time when I was little and drive me up the wall but I’ve come to like it.” 
Dayne took a little step back as she started playing her guitar. After a few seconds, she found her groove. It took June no time at all to recognize the song. 
“It’s comin’ on Christmas, they’re cuttin’ down trees…” Dayne’s voice shocked everyone. She sounded like an old soul, not some wild child with pink hair. Her voice was like honey and sad ghosts. “They’re puttin’ up reindeer and singing songs of joy and peace, oh I wish I had a river...I could skate away on…” she stepped back from the microphone and strummed her guitar. 
“Oh my,” Sophie gasped. The same girl who screamed Suicidal Tendencies on the answering machine was now singing Joni Mitchell? Sophie couldn’t get over it. She squeezed Maggie’s hand affectionately. “I love this song,” she whispered. Maggie loved it now too. She could listen to Dayne sing for a thousand years. Her singing voice was pure and genuine, and sometimes moody.
Dayne kept her eyes closed as she continued. “But it didn’t snow here, it stays pretty green, gonna make a lot of money then I’m gonna quit this...craaaaaazy scene.” The way she sang ‘crazy’ gave everyone chills. Some people cheered. 
She paused for a brief moment, not playing or signing. 
Then she started slapping her guitar on its wooden body and continued. “Oh I wish I had a river...I would teach my feet to fly, I wish I had a river I could skate away on…” then she strummed her guitar again, holding her breath to carry a long note at the end. “I made...my...baby….cryyyyyyy.” 
“Oh wow,” someone in the audience gave feedback. No one pictured her hitting those notes. Even Dayne was surprised at herself. Another lady was practically in tears.
Dayne strummed her guitar, playing a different song and smiling as people clapped during the transition. “Pay attention to the cracked streets, and the broken homes,” she couldn’t help but smile. She was so proud of herself. She felt like she’d moved to the next level of being a singer. “Some call it slums some call it nice...I want to take you through a wasteland I like to call my home. Welcome to paradise…” she continued to sing, turning the loud punk song into a soft folk one.
“Oh babe,” Dayne strummed her guitar and winked at Tyler. “Welcome to paradise…”


“That was the same girl that left that crazy message?!” Sophie couldn’t get over it. 
“Yeah it was,” Maggie said, biting her lip and waiting for the right time to approach Dayne. She was surrounded by new admirers. June barreled through them and hugged her niece.
“I can’t believe you! Acting like you had nothing ready to sing.” June held her tight. She was trying to protect her. From what she wasn’t sure, but she didn’t want to let her go just then.
“I didn’t,” Dayne said, slowly breaking free from June’s hold. “But I practiced those for a while. I don’t know…”
“Well it was just perfect,” June fussed. Dayne looked around. There was a huge crowd, but all she noticed was who wasn’t there. 
“Where’s my mom?” she wondered. Then a complete stranger put her hand on Dayne’s shoulder and said, “You were great,” and kept walking. Dayne glanced at them and back at June.
“Oh, I think maybe she had a fight with her boyfriend and they left. They seemed upset when they left my house.” June tried to downplay it but she knew Dayne was hurt.
“Left?” 
“Yes, sweetie.” June played with Dayne’s hair. She had love in her eyes. Dayne was so talented. A rose in a yard with two lawnmowers for parents. June felt so helpless.
“Did she even hear me sing?” Dayne wondered.
It broke June’s heart to have to shake her head. “I think something crazy happened, or otherwise…”
“She went back to the Outer Banks?”
“Yes, I think so. She wanted to come, I could tell...”
Dayne interrupted her, “Can you take my guitar home? I wanna stay out.” Something immediately changed in her tone. She now had resentment towards her mother, not just her father. 
“Sure. And listen, I’m going to spend the night at Kathy’s, the beach house is all yours,” June said.
“Cool,” Dayne said, more excited about that than she let on. She devised a plan right then – to get Maggie and Tyler to spend the night with her. To go crazy. She hated her parents so much. To not be like them was what she’d invest her time and energy in. Was there a course at college she could take called The Opposite of My Fucking Parents? Because she’d consider going to college if there was, and majoring in it.
Tyler was still hanging out by the door, offering Maggie casual glances. There was something wholesome about her. The way she was dressed, no makeup, her curly brown hair framing her freckled face. He looked back at Dayne, who was on her way over to him, responding like fire to gasoline.
“What did you think?” she asked.
“That was cool,” he said, evasive. “Wanna go outside?” Crowds weren’t his thing. And he was tired. 
“Sure, yeah, let me go talk to my friend first.”
Tyler nodded and pulled out his smokes as he headed towards the door.
Dayne went over to Maggie and pinched the back of her shirt. Maggie lit up when she saw her. 
“Come outside,” Dayne said. She was so mellow now, like she wasn’t the star in the room.
“Dude, you were great!” Maggie hugged her again. 
“You really were,” Sophie said when the hug finally came to an end. “I love that song.”
“Thank you,” Dayne said, looking Sophie in the eye. “It was sort of a last minute decision.” She looked back at Maggie, lifting her green eyes in a mischievous manner. “Can you hang out tonight? Spend the night at my house?” Dayne really wanted her company. 
Maggie wanted hers too.
“Um,” she looked back at her mom. “I don’t know, let me ask.”
“Okay,” Dayne said, “I’ll be outside.”
Maggie turned to her mom. Sophie knew what she was about to ask. She knew they weren’t going to leave together and get pizza. 
“You call me,” Sophie said, not wanting Maggie to have to go through the motions of asking. She already had to beg to come out here. 
“Really? I can stay?” Maggie was amazed.
“Yes. Promise me you’ll call,” Sophie said.
“I will,” Maggie said. Her mom still looked pale. “We’ll get pizza some other time,” Maggie promised. 
Sophie held back tears. She was going to let Maggie stay. Let Maggie go. Maggie was an adult now. She’d have to figure out how to survive in this big world on her own. And if she liked girls, Sophie knew she couldn’t change that. 
She took a deep breath and adjusted the fake gold chain of her purse so it fit her shoulder better. Then she got out of there before Maggie could see her cry. She went down the wooden steps leading out to the dark gravel parking lot to her beat up Scorpio. She pretended like she didn’t smell the pot someone was smoking or feel this lingering hint of danger. That girl. Sophie couldn’t shake the weird feeling. Maybe Dayne wasn’t trouble, but she seemed like the type to attract it.


As Maggie walked out onto the front porch of Blackbird, it sounded like every insect alive was in the middle of its mating call. Maggie could barely hear the waves crashing on the beach because of the insect symphony. 
Dayne was sitting on the porch’s railing over in the corner. Tyler was standing between her long legs. They were smoking a joint. 
Maggie was going to be spending the night with her. She still couldn’t quite believe it.
“Freckles,” Dayne called out, holding her hand out for Maggie. “Come here, you.” 
Tyler was getting too aggressive. He tried to finger her and Dayne got tired of pushing his hand away. Then she rolled a joint to keep him occupied and hopefully get him to chill out.
Maggie put her hand in Dayne’s and Dayne pulled her over. Tyler stepped aside so he was looking out at the dark parking lot. The smell of pot thickened as he took a drag off the joint. 
Maggie was standing between Dayne’s legs. Dayne kept this cute grin on her face the whole time. 
“Have you apologized for anything in the last forty-eight hours?” Dayne checked. Her dress was hiked up to her thighs. 
“I don’t think so,” Maggie said.
Dayne took the joint from Tyler and pointed at Maggie with it as it burned between her long slim fingers. 
“I don’t want you apologizing ever again, for anything.”
Maggie smiled and then she laughed. Was that possible? 
“What if I do something wrong?” Maaggie wondered.
Dayne gave Maggie the most unique smile. “You, my dear, could never do wrong.”
“Okay,” Maggie agreed for some reason. “I’m going to try and not apologize all summer,” Maggie swore.
“Okay good,” Dayne winked. Maggie winked back and Dayne’s hand crawled up Maggie’s arm, squeezing it and pulling Maggie closer to her. Then she gave her the joint. 
Maggie had never smoked before. The tip was wet from being on Dayne’s mouth. And Tyler’s. Maggie inhaled. She felt like a layer of pain had been peeled away from her as smoke left her lips. 
“That fucking freckle,” Dayne commented, eyeing the biggest freckle that was on top of Magie’s lip. “I wanna lick it off.”
Maggie stood there, waiting for her to, when the sound of loud footsteps took over. Dayne turned and saw Rocky standing there. Maggie’s amazing night suddenly turned into a nightmare. She expected to see more guys with him like Marcus and Terry, holding bats or guns. But Rocky was alone. And he was very tired of being alone.
“Oh there you are,” Dayne said, making it no secret she was upset he hadn’t come earlier. And that her mom didn’t even stay long enough to hear her sing. As far as she was concerned, she had the only two people with her that mattered.
“Yeah I got held up at work,” Rocky explained.
Maggie just stared at Rocky, miffed. What the hell was he doing here? This was her world, her night, what gave him the right? Tyler handed Maggie the joint and their eyes met. Maggie took a long drag off the pot and handed it to Dayne.
“Oh at your construction job?” Dayne said in a hurtful tone before taking a puff and handing it to Tyler. 
Rocky looked Dayne over, head to toe. It was almost an entire minute before he spoke.
“Yeah,” he finally said.
“Well…” Dayne kept her eyes on him, but he didn’t see the warmth that had been there over the last couple of days. She didn’t seem like the same girl he’d taken to The Funky Lobster. The girl he danced with. 
“Show’s over,” she told him. Her tone was icy. He just stared at her, devastated.
“Well do you still want to hang out?” Rocky felt like she was just being this way in front of her friends. He actually understood that. There were many times when he’d been a jerk just to show off in front of Marcus and Tony.
Then Maggie said, “No, creep, she doesn’t. Get lost.”
Dayne laughed and turned to look at Maggie. 
“That’s my girl!” Dayne praised. They high-fived each other.
“I don’t know why you’re acting like this,” Rocky said, only looking at her. 
Then Tyler got involved. “You heard ‘em, dude. No one wants you here.”
Maggie coudn’t believe it. She felt like she finally had friends – a clique. 
Rocky kept his eyes on Dayne, ignoring everyone else.
“Your hair looks good,” he eventually said before turning around and heading to The Hut. Dayne’s cruel grin collapsed. He’d been nice to her. Dayne knew that, but she was just over it.
“What a dick,” Maggie said as Dayne looked back at her. “What the fuck is he doing here?”
“It’s not even a big deal,” Dayne swore. “I ran into him, like, one time. He works at some construction site right across the street from my aunt’s house.”
Tyler was now staring at Dayne. “He seemed to really think you guys are a thing,” Tyler said.
“No, we’re not,” Dayne said. “Tyler this is Maggie by the way, Maggie, this is Tyler Taboada.” She said his last name funny, like she was trying to sound insulting. Tyler gave her a mean look but his eyes softened, as much as those black eyes could, when he looked at Maggie.
“Hey,” he said.
“Hi,” Maggie replied. She gave him a sweet, sincere smile that melted his rough edges.
Dayne noticed the sparks between them and jumped down from the porch, restless. “Let’s go swimming,” she said, leading her friends to the pier. It was very dark. It was impossible to decipher the water from land.


Dayne turned to look back at Maggie and Tyler who had silently started walking closer to each other over the last few minutes. They still hadn’t said a word to each other though.
“Your mom say you could stay over?” Dayne asked.
“Yeah!” Maggie called out. 
“Cool.” Then Dayne turned around as she walked onto the pier and lifted her dress up over her head and let it fall where it may. She slipped her blue underwear down to her ankles, pulled her boots off and jumped into the water.
Maggie stopped, amazed. “Did she really just…”
“Yeah,” Tyler said, his voice scratchy. He didn’t sound surprised. “She’s crazy.”
He was unwrapping something. Once they were under enough moonlight to see, Maggie saw it was the shiny foil on a champagne bottle. He peeled it off as they stepped onto the wet pier then he popped the bottle open with his thumb and the cork went flying. Creamy white champagne spilled on Maggie’s feet.
They shared a moment of laughter.
“Sorry,” he said.
“It’s okay. They’re pretty old shoes.” Then she took them off. The feel of the cold wet wood beneath the soles of her feet was so comforting. Honest. Different. She felt her life start at that exact moment.
She took the champagne bottle from Tyler and made a silent toast to herself before taking a sip. Maggie couldn’t have known the difference because this was the night of many firsts — smoking weed, drinking — but this was no cheap champagne. Tyler had managed to steal top-shelf stuff.
“Where’d the cork go?” Maggie asked.
“I don’t know,” Tyler laughed. “Why?”
Maggie didn’t answer, she was too busy taking another sip of the delicious, crisp champagne.
It would eventually become known to Tyler that Maggie worried about ridiculous things like cutting the cheese packet that came with mac and cheese along the dotted line, or always wanting to find that bread tie that fell off the counter. Or needing a bookmark for every book. Or wanting to know where the cork was so they didn’t litter.
Now she was embarrassed. “I don’t know.”
“You’re cute,” he said, caressing the side of her face. His hand was so warm. It felt and smelled like summer. She shut her eyes. The champagne was already making her dizzy. 
Then she felt the pier disappear from her feet. She was flying.
“We gotta wash that champagne off your feet though!” Tyler said before tossing her into the water. 
She looked down at the dark body of water as she neared it. She had no idea how deep it was or what danger lurked down below. 
Dayne saw Maggie hit the water and go right under.
“Hey! You okay?!” Dayne called as she swam over. Maggie coughed and her nose stung when she inhaled a bunch of water. 
“Yeah,” she said, her word just a wheezing sound.
“Geez, Tyler, you don’t even know if she can swim!” Dayne yelled. Tyler watched from the pier, his gaunt silhouette not moving. 
“It’s okay,” Maggie said. A part of her found the whole thing riveting. Though another part was the part of her that would never be ready for him. The part where everything in their relationship would feel like that moment she went flying from his arms into the dark water below.
“Are you sure?” Dayne asked, now right in front of her. “Boys can be so rough.” 
“Yeah,” Maggie said.
The girls floated in the water, their legs moving to keep them afloat as they looked at each other. Maggie could still hear Dayne’s soulful voice singing in her head. She wanted to rewind that moment in the cafe, when she was sitting there with her mom, listening to the prettiest voice she’d ever heard. When the world and its obligations and problems left them alone. 
“You have such a great voice,” Maggie felt the need to say again. She couldn’t help herself.
“Oh thanks.” Dayne seemed embarrassed. 
She could see Maggie was about to cry.
“You okay?” Dayne asked. Maggie nodded, but her emotions had come out of nowhere and completely taken over. It wasn’t the fact that Tyler had played rough and tossed her into the water like a doll. It was her mom. She couldn’t stop picturing her mom eating pizza all by herself. With her sad white purse and its fake gold chain. She couldn’t stop thinking about her own future, having no idea what it held. Even Lola, alone on the couch with no one to pet her, made her cry. 
“Oh no,” Dayne gasped as if she could hear Maggie’s thoughts, and wrapped her arms around her. Maggie felt Dayne’s naked body against hers and held her close. She turned her head so her face was lost in Dayne’s brilliant hair and had a good sob.
“I got you, girl,” Dayne assured, tightening her arms around her. Maggie took in the smell of hair dye and champagne. That was how that night smelled. And it would haunt her forever.
“Yo,” Tyler called, just wanting attention like boys did. 
Dayne gave all of her attention to Maggie. She was hoding Maggie in an incredibly solid hug. Maggie had never experienced anything like it in her life. She felt sheltered from every single bad thing in the world. 
When the hug ended, Dayne moved some hair out of Maggie’s face.
“Did you eat today?” Dayne asked, looking into Maggie’s eyes. “Are you hungry?”
Maggie was starving. She had lunch, but that was hours and hours ago. And she wanted her mom to have all of that cupcake because she looked like she’d been dreaming of it for years.
“Come on!” Dayne could tell by Maggie’s face that she was famished. Possibly too hungry to even speak. “I know where we can go.” She swam towards the pier. 
Maggie watched Dayne pull herself out of the water, watched as water poured down her backside. Then she turned around and the moon shone down on her, illuminating her tiny breasts and jutted hips. Maggie could see every single detail of Dayne. She had a little patch of hair between her legs and a mole near her belly button. Her tits were marvelous – small but soft looking. Her long pink hair came down just below them. There was a subtle smile on her face as Maggie looked up at her.
“You need help getting out?” Dayne offered.
“Um,” Maggie placed her hands on the pier and looked up at her like a mermaid. “I think I can manage.” 
She pulled herself up. Her Pearl Jam shirt clung to her chest. Dayne could see the outline of her bra. 
Dayne threw her dress on and reached out to tug on Maggie’s wet Pearl Jam shirt.
“You’re soaked,” Dayne said with a slight chuckle.
“What is this?” Tyler called out from the bench he was sitting on. He was holding something up in front of his face. It was small and shiny. It was Dayne’s knife. 
Dayne walked over to him. “Hey, give me that,” she reached out for it.
“Careful, you’ll cut yourself,” Tyler warned. 
Dayne sat down and pulled her socks and boots on and slipped the knife in the same spot she always kept it.
“Where’d you get a knife? Why do you have it?” Tyler asked. Dayne pulled on her boot laces so they were tighter than usual. She wanted to feel in control and didn’t have her scrunchie to toy with.
“It’s for protection,” she eventually muttered as she finished tying her boots. Then she sat up, her hair drying in the warm night. She glanced at Maggie and held her hands out, beckoning her to come over.
“Come here, Freckles,” Dayne called for her.
Maggie went over and sat down on her lap, astonished. What was happening? Maggie felt like she was falling into a bed of roses. Dayne wrapped her arms around Maggie’s waist and rested her face against the back of Maggie’s wet shirt. She actually looked content for a few minutes.
“Protection from your dad?” Tyler was still hounding her. He asked a lot of questions, Maggie would come to find. She liked that. She didn’t have a lot of people in her life asking questions. 
“Yeah,” Dayne said. 
Maggie slid off of Dayne so she was sitting next to her. Dayne reached over and put her hand on Maggie’s arm as if to ask, ‘why’d you move?’
The three of them grew silent as they stared out at the water. It was very dark and exceptionally quiet. The cafe had closed. Phil had already picked up Kathy and they were on their way home now. Even The Hut was quiet. 
“You sang really well tonight,” Tyler finally acknowledged, looking at Dayne. He handed her the champagne. She chugged it back. It was warm. She really wanted a cold Dr. Pepper.
“Thanks! I’m so glad you guys came. Seriously,” she said, passing the champagne to Maggie who didn’t seem to have a problem drinking it warm, “Out of anyone in the world to show, I’d want you two there,” Dayne concluded. Then she threw her arms around them. “Freckles and Beard.”
“Beard?” Tyler said. “That’s the best you could come up with?”
Dayne just laughed.
“My mom was…” Maggie started to speak. She even opened her mouth before overthinking what she was going to say, which was a first.
“What?” Dayne waited, taking the champagne and taking a swig before handing it to Tyler. 
“My mom was surprised you sang that – and I was surprised.”
“Oh, River?”
“Yeah.”
“She sang it to me in a parking lot once,” Tyler bragged.
“Dude, that song,” Dayne started intensely, “If you listen to the original, the emotion that she captures...I fucking hope I did it justice. My aunt used to play it a lot – back when things were good.”
“Good?” Tyler said the word like he didn’t understand it. 
“Yeah, you know, my mom and dad were still together. I was fourteen, Nirvana had just, like, exploded. My mom stayed at home a lot with me and my dad worked. Things were so fucking different,” she said, holding her hand out expressively. “And it’s funny because whenever…” she paused to drink the champagne before passing it down to Maggie. It was starting to give her a buzz now. “Whenever that song would come on, I was so happy and now I want to skate away,” she lifted her hand up from the bench and slapped it back down. “Just like the song says, and go back to that time when things were good.” 
“Why?” Tyler asked. “You’re an adult now, fuck parents. Fuck all that shit.”
Tyler didn’t understand, Dayne realized, because he didn’t have any good memories. Maggie was stunned by Tyler’s forwardness.
“Hey…” Maggie started to speak again. It felt so good to be around people her age. She was also quite drunk. She was smiling too. “This is like that song that goes…” she was actually about to sing. Being drunk gave her courage. “Take a bottle, drink it down, pass it around…” she laughed. “I can’t sing like you can,” she told Dayne.
Dayne smiled and looked at Maggie warmly, her mouth open but she didn’t say anything. She was just admiring Maggie. She wanted Maggie to keep singing, to come out of her shell. 
“You’re talking about Crazy Mary,” Dayne eventually said once she knew Maggie was done. She’d gone back into her shell.
“You know it?” Maggie’s eyes got huge.
“Sure, sure. It’s a song by Victoria Williams.”
“Oh, I meant the Pearl Jam version.”
Dayne winked at her, “Of course you did.” 
Dayne kept eyeing Maggie until Maggie got so shy Dayne could feel it so she looked away and out at the water. She drank the last of the champagne before hurling the bottle way out into the beach. Maggie was impressed by how far she threw it. When it landed, it made quite a splash. Or maybe someone else was out in the water. Maggie tried to zero in on them but couldn’t tell. It was too dark. Maybe her eyes were playing tricks on her. 
Then Dayne held her arms up and screamed, “WOOOOO! FUCK PARENTS! PARENTS ARE ASSHOLES! FUCK EVERYBODY!!”
Maggie felt a little slap on her shoulder when Dayne swatted her with her hand.
“Say it,” Dayne encouraged. “Say FUCK EVERYBODY!!!” Dayne yelled again.
“I can’t,” Maggie blushed. 
“Yes you can,” Dayne laughed. She tugged on Maggie’s wet t-shirt sleeve until Maggie stood oup. It took some effort because of the champagne buzz. 
Maggie curled her hands into fists and stared out at the dark water. 
“FUCK EVERYBODY!” Maggie yelled, but it was nothing compared to the raw anger Dayne had.
“Not bad,” Dayne coached, placing her hand on Maggie’s shoulder. “We’ll keep practicing.” 
Maggie laughed and Tyler stood up and wrapped his arms around Dayne’s tiny waist and swung her around. 
“Let’s go get some fucking food,” Dayne hailed as they walked down the pier, wasted and wet. “And Dr. Pepper,” she added.


Maggie stared across Ghost Popcorn Road at the spot where the three of them sat on the pier that night ten years ago, wrapped up in damp clothes and new crushes on each other. 
Blackbird Cafe was still in business, but it was closed at this hour. She’d been sitting in the parking lot for a while, as if the past was going to come back to meet her. The past was just running a little late, was all. Any minute now Dayne would come walking up to the car, her wild pink hair all wet and in her tanned face, that up-to-no-good smirk on her face, her white dress sticking to her damp breasts. Tyler would be there too, all young and mysterious, and she’d miss her mom just like she did now but she’d be able to call her and tell her.
She swallowed over the lump in her throat. The lump of truth and fear.
And in your head…
Maggie started the car up, wanting the noise of the engine to wash away all of her depressing thoughts. She’d find Tyler. Maybe they could work things out. The impending task of taking the pregnancy test still awaited.
She pulled into the parking lot of The Hut.
And in your head the killer’s just going to be there.
She took a deep breath and shut her car off. The Hut was quiet. The sign advertised vacancy, but that was always the case. It was one of the few things that never changed. As far as the motel itself, it had taken some pretty severe beatings weather-wise over the three decades it had been open. The roof was rusty. The vending machine was out of order. The pool was undergoing maintenance because a rat got stuck in one of the vents. But it was still The Hut. Maggie needed to spend the night here. Alone. Even if she found no answers, maybe she’d find some peace of mind.
She took one of Tyler’s packets of nicorette gum from her bag and popped one in her mouth because she missed him. She missed the taste of him. 
She got out of the car. The silence of Chase’s Landing cradled her. She could hear the timid waves of the beach. She wished she and her mom got to spend more time here together. It wasn’t long after the night Dayne disappeared that her mom got sick, and Maggie clung to Tyler. He became her world. The tree she clung to in the middle of a tsunami. That was what grief felt like. And if she let him go, all of that pain would just take her away and drown her. And she apologized whenever she felt like she’d done something wrong to make sure he stayed. She promised to stop drinking. She vowed to be the best wife possible. But there had been lies. And now there was silence.
Now he was gone. Dayne was gone. Her mom was gone. So now what?
Maggie went over to the office and saw the grey-haired manager inside. Vince had his feet up on the desk, watching TV. The lamp was on, but it didn’t provide much light. And it certainly wasn’t for decoration. It might have been the saddest lamp on earth. 
Vince looked over at the door where Maggie stood, hesitant. He saw a very pretty woman, though the woman didn’t seem to have any idea how pretty she was. Tonight, Maggie wore glasses and had her hair up in a bun. She had on a blue t-shirt that showed her Pearl Jam tattoo of the iconic Stickman from the Alive single. It was on her right arm, between her elbow and shoulder. 
“Room?” Vince assumed.
“Yes, please.” 
“Just you?” 
“Yes.”
“You sure you don’t want to stay somewhere nicer?” Vince asked. Maggie almost laughed. 
“No, I’m fine,” she said. Her voice was as delicate as soft white snow. “I like it here.”
“Alright dear.” Vince’s feet fell from the table to the floor, making a loud thud. He pulled a drawer open. “Room 4’s the only room available.” 
She nodded and looked around while he got a key and two clean towels. She glanced at the wall where a newspaper article from 1976 featured a family standing in front of their RV with bright, unsuspecting smiles on their faces. The clipping had turned yellow by now. As far as The Swansons knew when that picture was taken so long ago, they had their whole lives ahead of them. Their kids would grow up and go off to college, then Mr. and Mrs. Swanson would enjoy retirement somewhere. Maggie read the very small print beneath the aging photo:
Daughter abandoned at motel after parents and brother vanish.
Vince dangled the key in front of Maggie, waiting for her to come back down to earth.
“I’m sor...thank you,” Maggie said. The key was cold. Outside it was starting to rain.
“Each guest gets two towels,” he proceeded. “I give ‘em to ya and come back for ‘em – too many of the darn things go missing!” he suddenly became enraged. Then he calmed down. “If you decide to extend your stay, I will bring you fresh ones. Okay, follow me.”
Maggie followed him back outside as he held the white towels in his hands. The sudden rain turned into a vicious downpour. It sounded like hands slapping against the rusty roof.
“We get much more rain like this and the roof’s gonna cave in,” he griped.
Maggie looked over at The Store. It was still open. In fact, it never closed. A sign in the window advertised ICE! BEER! Maggie wondered if they had wine.
“Free donuts and coffee are served in the lobby every morning until noon. Have a good night,” Vince told her. “Remember to lock the door.” Then he went back to his office.

Maggie sat on the scratchy floral bedspread and started crying. It was being back here. It was Dayne, but it also made her think of her mom. That night. Maybe if she hadn’t stayed out – maybe if she went home with her mom after Dayne performed then they wouldn’t have all gotten drunk on champagne and Dayne wouldn’t have run off like that. Maybe she’d still be alive. Maybe Maggie wouldn’t have married Tyler. Maybe she would have focused on her writing and met someone else. Someone nicer. But one night changed everything. 
Where even was Tyler right now? What was he doing?
After crying uncontrollably for ten minutes, Maggie got herself together and went across the street to The Store for a bottle of wine. The rain had tapered off. The air was thick with humidity but the road was desolate as always. Just like that night.
On her way across the parking lot to The Store, she kicked an empty bottle of Dr. Pepper. It went rolling along. Maggie paused. She felt the little hairs on the back of her neck stand up. 
We’re going to go there, in your head, and just suddenly run into the killer.  
She looked up as the bearded cashier came out of The Store to smoke a cigarette. 

MAY 25TH, 1997
“Fuck it, let’s get Roadside.” Dayne’s bratty southern accent made every suggestion sound exciting, even a tiny burger joint in Chase’s Landing. The wind shuffled her long pink hair around like an invisible hand as they walked along.
“What’s Roadside?” Maggie wondered, taking her eyes off the dark road to look at Dayne. For a second, Dayne had that focused look she got whenever she was about to sing. Her green eyes were peeled to the road ahead where the tiny glow of the Roadside Burgers sign should be visible. She tucked some pink hair behind her ears so her sharp cheekbones were on display and sulked a bit when she didn’t see the burning sign. Were they closed? 
Maggie wondered when Dayne – or if Dayne – was going to kiss her. All night, she kept feeling like it was going to happen. Maybe it just had to be the right moment, like every kiss that ever took place. If it did happen, it would be Maggie’s first kiss. 
Maggie waved a mosquito away as they headed up Ghost Popcorn Road. It was a dark narrow road that ran right along the beach. Chase’s Landing was a sleepy town in Indiana, not far from Lake Maxinkuckee. Lake houses were scattered about, but Chase’s Landing was its own little world, with a cozy coffee shop, an old but charming motel and other favorite spots among locals and tourists. 
It was midnight and humid as Maggie, Dayne and Tyler wandered around, drunk on champagne and wildly curious about each other. They had a sparkle in their eyes as sure as they had sweat on their backs. 
Maggie looked to her right at the woods. Blackbird Forest looked like a giant black smoke plume rising from the ground. She looked at the beach. It was almost too dark to see. 
“It’s this burger place with these fucking amazing burgers,” Dayne enthusiastically described the food from Roadside Burgers. “Big thick patties and the juice just runs down your chin like this,” she moved her hand along her tiny chin to demonstrate grease pouring over it. Maggie’s mouth watered until Tyler gave his gross description. 
“Like my semen when I come in your face,” he joked, laughing to show his small white teeth in the glare of the moonlight. Dayne gave him an impressive push and his scrawny body went flying up the road. All night they’d been having little tiffs with each other. 
Then Maggie felt Dayne take her hand. The move was subtle and yet it changed everything. Dayne’s hand was warm. She had long slim fingers. Maggie slowly locked her hand around it and her heartbeat sped up. She pressed her lips together in an attempt to cap the stupid grin on her face. Finally, affection, finally a page in her life was turning. She remained quiet and bashful but inside she was screaming louder than she would be if she were at a Pearl Jam concert. This was it, the moment she’d been waiting for. The reason why she begged her mom to let her stay the night. She just knew something would happen – something big. 
Maybe next Dayne would kiss her. 
“Boys,” Dayne sighed, scowling at Tyler. In that precise moment she seemed like she hated him. She was still holding Maggie’s hand. The hand of the person who had not disappointed her in any way.
Maggie blushed at the entire eventful night, and it was only starting. Her virgin brain nearly exploded when Tyler said the dirty thing that he said.
She and Dayne glanced at one another. It almost happened again, but didn’t. A moment when it felt like Dayne might crash down on Maggie but then she shyly drew away again, like the waves at the beach.
Inside, Maggie sighed. Her virgin lips were dying to touch Dayne’s. The way she looked at Maggie, like she would do anything Maggie wanted and all Maggie had to do was give her a signal, if Maggie could only work up the courage to give one. 
All of the sudden Dayne let go of Maggie’s hand as she sprinted towards her aunt’s house. Her wild pink hair flew around in the muggy night air. 
“Come on!” she called for them to follow her.
Dayne ran towards June’s house. The sight of an empty driveway thrilled her. Her dad was gone. June was gone. They had the place to themselves. 
She yanked the screen door open, ran through the screened-in porch and into the house. She started going through cupboards, hoping to find something to eat. She was so hungry she felt dizzy. Of course, the champagne could also have something to do with that. She grabbed the baguette lying on the counter and tore a piece off. 
“God. I’m starving!” Dayne yelled before taking another piece of the bread and eating it.
Maggie looked around. She’d never been in a house that big before. 
“This is crazy,” she said. She’d only seen houses like it in the movies (when she could afford to go to the movies). 
“Yeah, you’d think a place this fucking big would have food in it,” Dayne griped, still chewing. She opened the fridge. “Fuck! I’m out of Dr. Pepper.”
Tyler suddenly grabbed Maggie’s arm and pulled her into the living room. He wanted someone. He was horny and these girls were driving him crazy. To Maggie’s surprise, he had a second bottle of champagne. He tore the foil away and popped it open as easily as he’d done the last one. And her blue eyes followed the cork as it flew behind the couch. She was already drunk and still hadn’t had any food. She took the bottle anyway and took a swig. 
“Put some music on!” Dayne shouted, still searching for food. 
Tyler and Maggie stood in front of the CD tower. June had a ton of CDs. Some of them were Dayne’s. Some were Leslie’s that June had stolen from her. 
The back of Maggie’s hand barely touched Tyler’s. She pretended to be invested in the CD collection, and a part of her was, but another part of her was very invested in how warm the back of Tyler’s hand was. Then he suddenly took her hand and squeezed it. Her heart skipped a beat and she began to smile.
“What do you like?” he asked. There was a stillness to his voice. He was nervous.
“Um, Pearl Jam.”
“GODDDD!” Dayne hollered. “Get her into something else for a minute. Hey, put on Green Day!”
Tyler reached over and pulled the Green Day CD Dookie out. Maggie stared at the friendship bracelet on his wrist. It was the one Dayne had thrown out of the jeep the night she almost left with him.
Tyler opened the CD case and put the CD in the stereo. After a second, Burnout blasted from the speakers. “I declare I don’t care no more, I’m burning up and out and growing bored…”
Tyler played air guitar as Maggie spun around. It was her first time dancing in front of people. Usually she danced alone in her room.
Tyler collapsed on the bean bag and Maggie stood over him and kept dancing. The way she swung her hips and moved her head around so her hair was in her face was sexy. He watched with those spellbinding eyes of his. 
“Dance for me,” he said, his tone somewhat bossy but persuasive. 
He gave her more champagne and she drank it and danced some more.  
“Found it!” Dayne brought down a box of spaghetti. Tyler kept his eyes on Maggie as she turned around, offering him the view of her backside.
“Oh sexy,” Tyler said in a low voice riddled with lust. He leaned forward and his eyes crawled up her body.
“You guys, I really need to go out and get some Dr. Pepper,” Dayne infomed. She placed a bunch of spaghetti in a pot of water and turned the burner on. Then she took down a can of Ragu sauce and placed it on the counter. 
Tyler stood up, ignoring Dayne, and put his arms around Maggie.
“You’re so fucking hot,” he said, his voice nice and gravely. 
Then Maggie bargained, “I’ll kiss you...if Dayne kisses me.”
“Oh, so you wanna play a game?” he snickered. His hands ran down over her ass. It was the first time anyone had ever touched her in a naughty way. Things were moving fast, but Maggie was more than ready after having too many quiet nights all alone.
Then he went into the kitchen to get Dayne, who was frantically searching the fridge for her favorite soda. He dragged her away. The thought of the two of them kissing had gotten him insanely hard.
“I’m out of Dr. Pepper,” she whined.
“Maggie wants to kiss you,” he whispered in her ear. 
Dayne paused. Then she got this ‘well why didn’t you just say so?’ look on her face as she marched right over to Maggie.
Maggie froze. She’d never seen anyone so pretty or more assertive. The next thing Maggie knew, Dayne’s pillowy lips were pressed against hers. Her arms locked around Maggie and Maggie’s lips slowly parted to let the moment she’d been waiting on finally happen. Dayne could tell Maggie was nervous but kept going. When she stopped kissing her, Maggie still had her lips parted and her eyes closed, waiting for more. 
Tyler got behind Maggie. She felt his beard against her neck and his hands slipped down over her ass.
“Let’s take her shirt off,” he suggested. His fingers slipped around to the front of her jeans and unbuttoned the top button. She sighed. Then Dayne kissed her. This kiss was harder and bolder than the last.
“Is that okay?” Dayne asked, whispering in her ear. She softly touched Maggie’s face. “If we undress you?”
Maggie nodded. Dayne pulled on the front of Maggie’s shirt and Maggie lifted her arms so Dayne could pull her shirt off. Tyler unhooked her bra like a pro. Maggie let it fall to the floor where her shirt was. 
Dayne gazed down at Maggie’s big marvelous tits. They were covered with freckles. Some were the color of chocolate and others, barely brown. 
“You are fucking beautiful,” Dayne said, her eyes moving all over Maggie. “It’s insane.”
Maggie felt Tyler’s warm, selfish hands slip over her breasts. It was aggressive and pleasurable all at once. Then she felt Dayne’s pouty lips on hers. 
Tyler moaned in delight and undid the second button on Maggie’s jeans so she felt his fingertips on her soft cotton underwear. She moved just a tad so her bottom brushed against his crotch. That was the first time she felt a cock against her, and he was completely erect. Dayne’s tongue was in her mouth.
The smoke alarm went off.
“SHIT!” Dayne laughed and ran into the kitchen. She threw a glass of water on the fire erupting from the pot. “Fuck, you guys.” She laughed for a minute before she went back through the cupboards. She was nervous. Kissing Maggie was different from kissing Tiffany. Tiffany was just practice, a test to see if she really liked girls. It wasn’t until she kissed Maggie that she realized how much she really did like girls. 
She turned and saw Maggie and Tyler kissing like crazy. Maggie pulled away when she saw Dayne walking out the door. 
“Hey!” Maggie called out. “Where are you going?”
“The Store,” she said.
“Want us to go with you?”
Dayne looked back at them briefly.
“No, dude, I won’t be long.” Then Dayne flew out of the door and down the steps, heading off into the woods. 


THE END
