The Cape

 

Smashwords Edition

Published by
Garry Linahan and Smashwords

Copyright 2011 Garry Linahan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

 

The Cape

  All of the events and tragedies that follow are painstakingly recorded from memory, as truthfully and as faithfully as I am able.  – Dr. Alan Robertson, 1912.

Chapter One

London 1900

Apart from Mrs Bell, it was just Manfred and I in the college study room that afternoon. I had been furiously trying to finish a paper on the human circulatory system, and as there was still much to get down and little time left to submit my work, I was becoming quite frantic. Manfred, on the other hand, was seated by the window, and more than once I glanced across to see him gazing vacantly into the yard.
“Manfred,” I whispered at last, “what are you doing?”
Nonchalantly, he cast his eyes my way.
“Eh?”
“What are you doing here? Don’t you have any work to complete?”
Before he was able to answer, Mrs Bell was ordering us to be quiet, at which point Manfred rolled his eyes, smiled back in my direction, then left the room with his books. It was another half-hour before I was able to enjoy the same luxury, although I was a little more courteous in my departure, wishing Mrs Bell all the best for the holiday period.
“That was rude,” I said to Manfred, half-jokingly, on meeting him outside.
Manfred laughed. “Poor Mrs Bell. Do you realise she thinks I’m actually a part of this faculty?”
“Well,” I said, “we don’t see her again for another four weeks. Are you still going down to the beach house?”
“Yes,” said Manfred, indicating his bag. “I’m heading down tonight. Did you submit your paper?”
“Yes, but I’m sure I made mistakes - and I failed to refer to old Crilly’s pertinent points, the ones he stressed so much in his last lecture. God help me.”
Manfred smiled and we headed away. The sun was still high as he joined me in the walk to my residence, a haze of factory smoke hanging motionless over the distant dun-coloured buildings. It grew thicker the farther we looked, all but obscuring the church spires and painting the far docklands grey.
“I’ll be glad to be away from here for a while,” said Manfred, looking out over what he saw as a depressing tapestry.
I followed his eyes through the rows of elms and down the hill, into the low flat plain that held the major buildings of the city. My sentiments were not the same. I enjoyed my life in London. I enjoyed the sounds of industry and the movement of people, all going about the important things in their lives. I even enjoyed the city’s moodiness - the way it was right now - the hanging mist of smoke as the day was running down. I felt like a cog in the works of a great machine and I liked that. In its way it made me feel like I was going somewhere, as though in my own small way I was a part of what made the big city tick.
The two of us were nearly back to my residence when Manfred turned to me and said, “Why don’t you come with me tonight, Alan? Come down on the train.”
“But I can’t,” I replied. “I’m catching my own train.”
“But why?” he said. “Your parents are on the continent. Who are you going home to?”
True enough, I thought. Manfred had made a good point, and his idea was suddenly tempting. My parents and younger sister would not be back in Sudbury for another fortnight.
“I would have to wire them,” I said, “and also Mrs Appleby, next door. She knows I’m due tonight.”
“Then do it,” said Manfred, “and come on down to the beach house with me.”
I thought some more and eventually concluded, why not? My parents wouldn’t mind; in fact they would encourage this. They were always saying I was too serious, that I should get out more and enjoy myself. It was a perfect opportunity, and because Manfred and I had become very good friends throughout the year, I agreed.
We entered my residence, which was suddenly a very busy place with fellow students packing up and getting ready to head home. The general feeling was one of great jubilation; even the dull, grey walls of the accommodation now seemed vibrant and cheery, and the weakness of sunlight that leaked in through the tiny windows could not dampen spirits. Manfred had his bag packed already so I quickly packed mine. There was then little left to do but offer a few quick goodbyes and be gone. We slung our bags across our backs and headed off down the narrow path. It took us away from the residence, followed the meandering route of a gentle, babbling brook, and brought us eventually into town.
The walk from there to Waterloo Station was another twenty minutes. It was a walk I always enjoyed immensely. I loved the old-style architecture of the major buildings, but equally, the pokey little storefronts and narrow cobbled streets - indeed the whole atmosphere the city created. To me there was an air of mystery about it. Every building meant something to somebody; they either lived or worked there, and others still were connected by business or by some other association. Each address was a part in a play, a piece that interacted with the piece next to it, or with some other piece somewhere else, as a result of those who went there for whatever purpose. There were so many complex lives going on in this one jumbled maze, all reacting and interacting directly or indirectly with each other, and in ways I would never know.
I looked for a moment at Manfred and saw by his face that none of this held any particular fascination for him. All that interested him at that moment was getting on the train and out of the city, and from there into some fresh country air.  
We marched on and got to the station in plenty of time so I was able to wire my messages from there before our train arrived. While I was doing that, Manfred organised our tickets, and before long I joined him on the platform. We then sat, and a few minutes passed before I felt, rather than heard, the rumbling of the train as it approached. The sensation grew as the train got nearer, finally stopping alongside the platform with a shriek of metal and a belch of steam.
“Come on,” said Manfred, “the front carriage,” and he pulled me quickly down the platform by the strap of my bundle.
The locomotive itself had travelled well down the platform by the time it had come to a complete stop, and so the first carriage was a little walk for us. We stepped onboard and I saw now why Manfred insisted on this carriage. It was one of a few that had recently undergone a total restoration and was again plush and well appointed, carpeted and with freshly upholstered seats. We threw our bags into the luggage carriers above us and settled back into the soft comfort of leather.
“It’s even heated,” said Manfred, smiling. “Just as well you’re with me. You’d have had us back in the guardsvan.”
“Yes, probably,” I said, just as the last call for passengers resonated along the platform.
It was perhaps another minute when the shrill sound of the whistle announced our imminent departure, immediately followed by a jolt as the train began to move forward. It gained speed gradually, and for a short time it seemed we were stationary and the platform was moving instead. It was a strange illusion that didn’t last, however, and soon enough we were clear of the building and the sights of the city were flashing past. The chugging of the locomotive could plainly be heard from where we sat and the occasional blast of the whistle would tell of an upcoming crossing.
“How long is the trip?” I asked Manfred.
“About three hours by train, then we take the late coach from Dorchester. That takes us all the way to Cape Terrible.”
“Cape Terrible?” I said. “What a name! Whatever made your parents pick a place with a name like that?”
“Well,” said Manfred, “it’s really just a local name, but over the years it has stuck. Anyway, it wasn’t them who chose it. It was my grandfather.”
“Your grandfather?”
“Yes. He was an eccentric old coot, an ex-seaman. He needed to be by the ocean even after he grew too old to work. He decided to buy an old house high on the cliffs overlooking the Cape. It was finally willed to my father and my parents have kept the place ever since as a holiday spot.”
“Are your parents there now?” 
“No. They’ll be down towards the end of the week. Tonight there’s just you and me, and tomorrow my cousin, Isabella, arrives.”
Isabella? Manfred never mentioned this. I had thought it was just he and I and maybe his parents. Who was this Isabella? I moved uncomfortably in my seat. It was a fact that I had never been a person to make friends very easily and was, at best, nervous with the fairer sex. Indeed, had Manfred told me about his cousin I might well have stayed away. I felt most uneasy at this news and instantly went quiet, and although I thought this would surely be obvious to him, Manfred stared straight ahead and seemed to not notice.
For a long time I sat silently. Lost in nervous thought, I gazed blankly through the window, my mind elsewhere as the dwindling remains of the city slipped by, the last of suburbia vanishing as we rolled out across country.  
Although my mind was distracted at the idea of Isabella, I nonetheless became steadily aware of a glowing, golden hue that spread across the fields, the sun now hanging low in the western sky. In time, the view changed again, the landscape switching to a rougher, rockier terrain, windswept and bleak. My thoughts shifted away from Isabella as I stared out through the glass, observing now how the atmosphere of the countryside was changing. Everything was becoming sparse and stunted in its growth. Life looked difficult for those few plants and animals I could see. At one point I saw a distant solitary man, and wondered what business it was that put him in such a desolate place. I had never seen the famed moors of England but had read about them endlessly as a youngster, and imagined them now to look something like this. As I watched, and as the shadows grew long, I felt glad when the last of the day was finally swallowed by night. The view from the window had been filling me with an odd sense of melancholia, the depressing stillness and emptiness of the vista so unlike the vibrant, pulsing city I had come to love.
Soon we were an hour into the trip and all was dark. It seemed at this point the train took on a life of its own. The distraction of the countryside was thankfully gone, and the constant sound of the steam engine, the regular click-clack as we ran across the joins in the rails, and the rolling, swaggering nature of the carriage, all gave one a renewed sense of positivity and security. The continuity of sound was broken only every now and then as we approached a crossing of some sort. On these occasions the engineer would sound his whistle. The lights of some local pub would periodically flash past, but otherwise, for mile after mile and hour after hour, it seemed we were in the middle of nowhere.
“Not long to go now,” said Manfred, at last.
I had taken him to be asleep and swung my head to look his way. Although it was dark, I could see that his eyes were indeed closed. It was at that moment that I felt the train begin to slow. Its speed dropped by half, and I saw through the pane a mini-metropolis emerging. At first it was just a lonely, lighted window of an occasional farmhouse, but soon the outer reaches of some foreign suburbia emerged.
“Dorchester, I take it?”
“Yes,” Manfred answered, sitting forward now and checking his watch by the growing light from outside, “and we made good time, too. The coach doesn’t leave for another half-hour. Do you feel like a coffee?”
The big locomotive ground to a halt alongside a platform somewhat less grand than the one we left. We each grabbed our luggage and made for the door. Manfred knew his way, and after showing our tickets, led me to a drab little hole in the wall where we could obtain a beverage. He handed me mine and together we sat on a small bench positioned in the middle of the thoroughfare.
“So, who’s this Isabella?” I asked.
“Just my cousin,” he answered, lightly blowing his drink to cool it. “Why? Got designs on her already?”
I looked at him and saw he was grinning.
“Nothing of the sort,” I firmly answered, trying nonetheless to return his expression of mirth. “It’s just that I’ve never heard you mention her. What does she do? Is she our age?”
“She’s a year younger than us. Goes to school here in Dorchester. She’s doing her final year.”
“Wouldn’t she be a little old for school? She must be nineteen and a half.”
A rare expression of seriousness at once spread across Manfred’s face and he stirred his coffee with a peculiar deliberation.
“She missed a year,” he said, quietly.
Although I had detected a sudden change in his demeanour, it was fleeting, for at that moment the sound of the street caught his ear and he swung his head.
“Listen,” he said, “I hear hooves. It will be our coach.”
 The coach had arrived early. It was only a quarter to eight, but as departure was not until the hour, there seemed no immediate rush to down our drinks. Manfred, however, was up like a shot and out the door, leaving both his coffee and me behind. He returned almost as quickly, saying he had confirmed our passage.
“You’ve got to be quick,” he said. “There’s only room inside for ten, so it’s first in best dressed. The eight o’clock coach is the last for the night.”
“Is there really that many people wanting passage to Cape Terrible?” I asked.
“No, not really, but there are stops along the way. The last stop before us will be for Mrs Carmichael over there. She lives about a mile this side of the Cape.”
I looked over and saw a drably dressed, plump woman in her sixties, holding a cloth shopping bag, her round head and puffy features framed within a ridiculous, ill-fitting hat. I looked at Manfred. He shrugged his shoulders and smiled his amusement. We finished off our drinks then collected our baggage and headed for the coach. The night air was crisp and still, and cool enough for the breath of the horses to rise before the dull glow of the street lamp.
As it turned out there had been no need for Manfred to panic; there were but seven of us on board. Manfred and I sat opposite each other, then there was Mrs Carmichael - she constantly badgering Manfred for an opinion about her new hat - a young woman with twin girls, and finally an elderly gentleman who spoke not a word for the entire trip.
For the most part the ride was smooth and comfortable, the beautiful rhythm of hoof-beats repeating their soft drumming throughout the coach. The mother and two children were the first to alight, perhaps fifteen minutes into the trip. I looked out the window and could see a distant light from their farmhouse. The coach moved on and soon the road got a little rougher, the horses slowing considerably as the coach lurched from side to side. The old man was next out, then Mrs Carmichael ten minutes later.
“Thank God,” laughed Manfred, when she was out of earshot. “She’s always like that.”
From there on the track became rutted and at times steeply inclined. The horses were down to a slow walk and the driver could be heard talking them along. That last mile seemed much longer and it was well past ten o’clock when we finally arrived, pulling up just shy of the beach house. The driver rested his horses for a few minutes, giving them each a drink, then headed back to an inn beyond Mrs Carmichael’s place. The inn was apparently a low-key affair run by a Mr Wilson, and Manfred said the driver would stable his horses there and stay the night.
We stood for a moment and I braced myself against the rising wind. In Dorchester the air had been still and calm, but now, high on the cliffs of Cape Terrible, a strong sea breeze was evident.
“My God, it’s windy here,” I said.
“This is nothing,” said Manfred. “There are times when the wind would blow you off these cliffs. It normally gets stronger as the day goes on and some nights can get pretty wild.”
My friend led the way along a narrow, pitch-dark track, with low hedges on either side. The ocean could be heard in the distance, a deep, droning presence, and the waves, too, breaking at the foot of the cliffs. The feeling was unsettling. The night was so very dark, starry yet moonless, and all that surrounded was like an endless void. I could make out a dark mass that constituted the house; it stood stark on the cliffs, the sky behind it. The ground below my feet was as black as peat and extended away to the edge of the cliffs. There it appeared to stop suddenly, as if at the end of the world. Manfred stopped in front of me and I walked straight into him, unable to see him at all. He swung open a creaking wrought-iron gate and from there we walked on a stone path to the veranda steps.
We stood on the veranda in total darkness, and I was very glad Manfred was present. I imagined arriving here in the night alone and the thought was indeed an eerie one. The ceiling and heavy upright posts of the veranda seemed to encase us like some menacing giant, and more than once before Manfred had the door unlocked did I feel the clinging sensation of cobwebs. With a deep groan, the front door swung inward, the both of us then stepping inside and closing it behind us.
“This place is damned spooky,” I said, my voice low.
There was no response from Manfred, but a moment later a wall-mounted lamp flickered to life, throwing an uncertain glow along the passage in which we stood.
“I’ll light the others,” he said. “We don’t have any proper lamps here yet and electricity is still a way off.”
I stayed put, just inside the front door, as my friend worked his way down the passage, igniting in turn three more candlelamps.
The hallway was narrow and long, thirty or more feet, with high ceilings, and picture rails that were mounted well above head height. Hanging from these were various portraits done in oil, strange, foreign-looking faces, each framed in dark timber. Not one face amongst them was smiling and I was conscious that each was watching me.
“Is it cheerier by day?” I asked, as Manfred returned to my side.
He sensed the trepidation within me and took advantage of it.
“No, not really,” he said, his face serious. He then laughed and led me through into the main living area; it was the first doorway and opened directly off the hall. He lit some more wall lamps, and when the room was aglow, lit an open fire that had already been stocked with wood.
“That will be warm in half an hour. Come on, Alan, I’ll show you to your room.”
I followed him back into the hallway. At the far end we turned sharply into a steep bank of stairs.
“The bedrooms are up here,” he said. “Follow me up. There are more candlelamps in the rooms.”
The stairs creaked and groaned with every step, our way becoming increasingly dark as the hall light petered behind us. Then, when we reached the top, I was struck by the faintest glow from without, the night finding its way feebly in through the upper windows. Once Manfred lit the two lamps in each of our rooms, the grim emotion I had been feeling seemed to lessen somewhat. Despite this I was keen for the morning to come and to be able to see this foreboding place in daylight.
My room was spartan in its appointments - a three-quarter bed, a wardrobe, a small chest, but very little else. In part, the floorboards were covered over by a once ornate Persian rug. On the wall farthest from the door was the room’s only window; timber framed and double-hung, it looked out to sea over the cliffs of Cape Terrible.
“Come on, Alan,” called Manfred, from the top of the stairs. “Come on down and I’ll pour you a brandy. It’ll lift your spirits.”
We sat in the lounge room on either side of the now crackling fire. The wall lamps were almost unnecessary as flames licked high beneath the mantle, the walls and furniture mottled in the ever-changing and flickering glow. The place immediately seemed less bad. Indeed, the loungeroom now adopted a cosy and welcoming atmosphere.
“So, what do you do here?” I asked as Manfred reached for the bottle and poured me a second brandy.
“It’s just a good place to relax,” he said, retaking his seat. “These big armchairs are great for simply sitting in and reading when the weather beats in from the ocean, but on days when the weather is nice, the beach is the place to be, especially in summer. Right now the water is still a little cool, but in a couple of months it’ll be perfect.”
I swirled the brandy in my glass.
“Is it safe to swim here?” I asked. “I mean, I could hear waves crashing against rocks.”
“It’s safe further down. There’s a sheltered inlet, a bay, about a half-mile walk. The path leads down through the scrub where the cliff face is not so severe. That’s where we swim. There’s also a small river there. It’s called the Lockington River, but really it’s more like a big tumbling creek. It drains down from the plateau and sort of meanders through the sand. It empties from there into the bay. We have a boatshed there, built high enough that the incoming tide doesn’t flood it. My father keeps a little yacht inside. When the sea is calm enough we go sailing.”
“I’m not sure I’d want to go sailing in a place called Cape Terrible,” I said.
Manfred laughed.
“It got that name a century or more ago when merchant ships were getting smashed against the rocks. The seas can get pretty wild here at times so we normally just sail inside the inlet. It’s generally safe enough.”
I nodded and we talked a little longer. By now I was feeling quite comfortable and the brandy was warming me from within. The fire was providing captivating viewing, the embers glowing orange as they began to burn down. Manfred stood and placed one final log on the pile.
“That should smoulder away all night,” he said. “The room should still be warm by morning.”
It was now well after midnight and both of us had decided it was time to turn in.
Manfred set about extinguishing the downstairs lamps. I thanked him for the brandy, bade him goodnight and headed upstairs.
My room was cold, the heat from below having not penetrated the upper floor. I climbed quickly into bed and allowed the abundance of blankets to start warming me. The day had been a long and tiring one and I was feeling quite exhausted. I lay curled, motionless in the warming bed, my body buzzing in its weariness, perhaps also from the effects of the brandy. I was now quite relaxed and felt confident of a good night’s sleep, despite my foreign surroundings.
In that, however, I could not have been more wrong, for my sleep that first night atop the cliffs of Cape Terrible was destined to be strangely disturbed.
I initially awoke to the sound of a rising wind that rattled and shook the old house, and somewhere on the roof was a loose sheet of iron, for it flapped and banged during the strongest gusts. Had I been in my own home, or at least in a place more familiar, I might have slept through that noise, but a house that is foreign can sometimes keep a person from their ease. For more than an hour I heard the wind roar. At one point it seemed the entire house might be lost. I wondered if Manfred was sleeping through it; he probably was, for this was his second home and he would know none of the uneasiness that filled me.
Finally the wind abated and I again fell back to sleep. How long my sleep lasted before I was next disturbed I do not know, but the source of that next disturbance would defy all belief. An amazing, inexplicable event was set to occur. It was to be something that would stay with me from that night forth, and to this day remains seared into my memory.
Having drifted back to sleep, I was dreaming, but of what I can no longer recall. All I know is that suddenly I was awake again, consumed immediately by the frightening impression of my not being alone. Sensing somebody in the room, I held my breath, my eyes at once moving through the darkness as I tried to pick out a form, wholly terrified that I might.
There was nothing. The room itself was like pitch - blacker only where the tall, square wardrobe announced its shape. The window was visible but admitted almost no light, such was the nature of the night outside. My body was chilled from the impression I had received. I kept searching the blackened room, my eyes scanning through the darkness. There was nothing. At last I was able to convince myself the experience was no more than a figment of my dreaming.
For a time I lay there, glad the wild wind had eased, just the faintest zephyr now rattling the leaves on the outer wall. My mind had surely played tricks with me. After all, the room was foreign, and the house itself had unsettled me, the darkness, too, and the isolated location. Yes, I thought, that’s all it was.
Time passed until again my mind started to cloud. Then, as my eyes grew heavier and I began to drift once more, it came again. This time the sensation was undeniable.
My eyes sprang open. Somewhere in the room, something had moved. It was a movement I sensed as much as heard, and in the seconds that followed I watched, disbelieving, as a figure slowly took form from out of the darkness of the wardrobe. The apparition moved steadily across the room, then lingered in the vague light of the window, and at last I could make out what it was. I saw the silhouette of a woman in profile. A moment later she turned and faced me. My heart leapt and cold chills coursed throughout my body.
“Who are you?” I gasped, quickly pulling myself up and back in the bed.
“Sshh,” she answered, her voice a strange hiss that sounded like escaping steam.
I obliged, frozen, unable to avert my eyes. Slowly, she moved towards me. The woman was young; I could tell as much as she hovered by my side. Her movements were slow, dreamlike, peaceable and soft. Again she said, “Sshh,” even though I had not spoken. Then, with hands that were warm, she pressed me back and down on the bed. She pulled back the bed covers and climbed above me, supporting herself on knees that straddled my body. It was only then that I realised her nakedness, how completely naked she was. My hands instinctively found either side of her waist, her soft skin alive with thousands of goosebumps.
I was unable to speak as she pulled down my bed pants, the sudden warmth of her touch putting the fear within me on hold. Methodically, she unbuttoned my top, pulled it aside and fell upon me, raining down kisses on my face and neck before finally placing her soft lips fully on mine. I had no understanding at all of what was happening, but was both paralysed and aroused at once. After a few moments the young woman sat up, and with the utmost delicacy and care, eased herself upon my person. What I felt thereafter was a pulsing regularity more beautiful and more intimate than anything I could ever have imagined. Her naked body rose and fell as if to the rhythm of a metronome, and there, in that strange and darkened room, my sudden and newfound friend had her way.

The morning sun burst through the glass, stabbing me in the face, my eyes writhing and squirming in their sockets as I came to consciousness. Blinking my lids open, I saw an orange ball rising from the window ledge, blasting sudden white rays into the room. I rolled away from the invasion with the idea of continued slumber, but at once rolled back and stared, wide-eyed at the ceiling.
“My God,” I whispered, having suddenly remembered what had transpired in the night. I sprang at once into a seated position, feeling my body all over, looking urgently around the room.
There was nothing, and nobody - just me.
I checked my bedclothes; my top was buttoned as it had been when I retired, and I was certainly wearing my bottoms. Springing from the bed, I checked the wardrobe. It was empty but for my clothes. There was nothing, and nobody under the bed, and the window was locked on the inside. I felt utterly confused. Whoever my visitor had been, she most certainly was gone now. I sat back on the bed with my feet on the floor, reliving a most incomprehensible event.
Did it really happen? To this day, I do not know. At the point in my life to which I allude, it was not uncommon for me to experience imaginings of sexual fantasy, but this had been something else altogether. This had not been a dream or an imagining. I had felt her naked body upon me; indeed, as I sat on the edge of the bed, I could still smell her intoxicating scent, feel her firm breasts pressing against my chest, her soft hair as it poured and licked across my features. No, I had not been asleep; it had not been a dream.
And yet the more I thought of it the more troubled I became, for I could not remember how the episode had ended. I could not remember the completion of our lovemaking, nor what came afterwards. To this very day, the only details I remember are those as already described. Within me there has never been any recollection of the woman leaving, never known for sure who she was or where she went. Even her face, in the blackness of night, I never saw. I simply awoke the next morning having experienced something incredible, and yet I possessed only half the story, as though I had passed out during the commission of the act.
It was so strange, and the more so for my being destined to never really understand what had happened. I know that things in life are not always fully explained, but even with the passage of time, this encounter and one more that was yet to come, remain the most bizarre single events of my life. And yet that which happened that first dark night atop the cliffs of Cape Terrible was just the beginning of what would prove to be not just a strange, but a tragic and life-changing week, a week that would haunt my life forever, as real to me now, so many years later, as it was then.   

Chapter two 

At some later point in the morning I dressed and made my way downstairs, but not before I surveyed from my bedroom window the stark vista that was Cape Terrible. The bright sun that woke me now rose above the ocean, the waters beneath flashing like silver. Away in the distance I could see a ship, her full sails shimmering in the light. The morning was calm, the wind having blown itself out during the night, but the scarce, stunted trees that grew atop the cliffs were testament to its regularity and strength. The grasses along the cliff’s edge and through the surrounding fields were wispy and dry, bent and broken like dying wheat. There were no other buildings either, at least none that I could see from my bedroom window. The scene was desolate, yet the day outside was fine. I imagined how it might look when the weather was less cheerful, when the wind blew a tempest as it had in the night, and the rain beat in sideways.
On entering the loungeroom I saw the open fire blazing away once more, my friend seated by the window, his head buried in a book. He looked up as I entered.
“Oh, there you are,” he said, glancing across at the clock. “How was your sleep? I thought you must have left me and headed home.”
“No, I’m still here,” I replied, sheepishly.
“Did you hear the wind last night? That was Cape Terrible at its best. Did it wake you?”
“Yes, at one point I thought the house might be lost.”
I moved across the room, retaking the same seat I had occupied the evening before, studying my friend as he resumed his book. After a minute or so he looked up as if sensing my gaze.
“Sorry,” he said, “ I’ll put this down. I just wanted to finish that page. Have you had a look around? Is the old house still just as spooky as it was last night?”
I immediately thought of my needy visitor, not that she had for a moment left my mind.
“Worse,” I laughed, still feeling confused, and strangely embarrassed. I was unsure of how to broach the subject of my nocturnal guest, or whether I even should.
“Manfred,” I said, at last, “is it just you and I here, or is it possible there’s someone else?”
He looked at me, frowning and smiling at once.
“Why’s that? Hearing noises in the night?”
His somewhat amused features turned slowly to a cheeky grin, causing me to feel a sudden inkling of suspicion. Manfred was known as a bit of a practical joker and I now had the idea that perhaps he had arranged my visitor. I also knew he had a reputation as something of a lady’s man, whereas I was far more reserved. This sudden notion did, however, pass quickly from my mind, for when could Manfred have made such arrangements? We had hardly been out of each other’s company since I had decided to accompany him to the beach house. Manfred generally displayed a playful attitude anyway, so I concluded his manner toward me was not so abnormal.
“I suppose this house, being as old as it is and located in such a remote place, makes me more sensitive, and, as you say, the noise from that howling wind was atrocious.” 
“Yes,” he said, “the place does tend to creak and groan. I’m used to it, I guess. The weather outside looks fine now, though, so we’ll have something to eat if you like and I’ll show you around.”
“Can I see the rest of the house first?” I asked. “I’ve hardly seen it.”
“Of course you can. Have a good look around while I cook us some breakfast.”
In light of the previous night’s experience, I was more than a little curious to investigate. I first followed my friend to the kitchen, which I found to be ordinary enough. It was just a simple country kitchen, dated but serviceable. On the wall facing the sea was a trough for washing up, some cupboards beside that, and above the trough, the only window in the room, which I observed to be securely snibbed. There were more cupboards on the other walls and a large broom closet near the door. One by one I opened each of these and found nothing out of the ordinary.
“You’re quite a snoop,” said Manfred, watching me with interest.
I feigned a laugh then left him and headed off on my self-guided tour.
First, I went back upstairs. Having been through my room already, I was confident I would find nothing further there. I checked the others. There was a large main bedroom and two more rooms like mine. Clearly, the only other one being used was that which Manfred had occupied. I roamed around and opened every door. The upstairs held no secrets as far as I could tell, and certainly no hidden houseguests. Apart from the bedrooms there were two doors on the upper level that were just storage nooks. There was also some sort of sitting room which had obviously been unused for some time for the furniture was covered in dust and the room gave off a musty smell. Every window on the upper floor was timber framed and double-hung, and each was locked by a rotating snib. I headed back downstairs.
My inspection of the lower level was also in no way startling. There was the lounge room, kitchen, laundry, bathroom, some more storage, and a second smaller living area.
There was nothing unusual about any part of the house as far as I could see. All windows on both floors were securely locked, as one might expect in a house that was not always occupied. At the far end of the hall, beyond the laundry, was a back door. It, too, was securely locked. There was simply no way that anybody else could be in the house, nor did it appear that anybody could have come or gone in the time since Manfred and I had arrived. I was beginning to doubt the reality of my previous night’s very peculiar encounter. Perhaps the whole thing had been a figment of my imagination, but if so, then what a figment it had been!  I returned to the kitchen just as Manfred was dishing up a strange breakfast of salted meat and vegetables.
“Not much to see, eh?” he said, as the peculiar breakfast wafted up my nostrils.
“No, I suppose not,” I answered. “The place was so dark last night. It seemed so imposing, so huge, but it’s really not.” I then looked dubiously at my plate and remarked how interesting the meal looked!
Manfred smiled. “Well, polish it off and I’ll show you around Cape Terrible.”
Ten minutes later we locked the front door behind us and made our way out through the squeaking gate.
“You wouldn’t think we’d need to lock up in a place like this,” said Manfred. “We never used to, even when we went boating, but now my father insists on it. There’s been a couple of times when he thinks somebody has been in the house.”
My eyes fixed suddenly on my friend.
“Really? And when was that?”
“Oh, a while ago now. He thinks it might have been my uncle.”
His uncle? The remark sparked within me a bizarre and sickening thought, as I recalled in detail the actions of my late night guest. Then, realising how absurd the notion and how perverse the thought, I dismissed it as quickly as I could from my mind.
We walked down the path and I turned and looked back at the house.
“It looks so different in daylight.”
“Yes, I suppose so,” said Manfred. “You know, I really love it here. I’m always glad to get out of the city. Come on, I’ll show you the cliffs.”
We headed off across one of the wispy fields already described, the ground rising and falling in a series of gentle undulations. The land was shrinking beneath my feet, as ahead of us the wide sea grew more and more vast. Within a hundred yards of the house we were standing atop the most terrifying drop I had ever seen.
“My God,” I exclaimed. “You could walk right over this at night.”
The grass simply stopped at the edge of the cliff, where the ground fell directly a hundred or more feet. Below were jagged, black outcrops of rock, the sea foaming around them. I looked left and right, the cliff face seeming to extend endlessly in either direction, disappearing only where it cut deeper inland, then reappearing further on.
“It goes on like this for mile after mile,” said Manfred. “There is only that one section further down that I told you about - it can’t be seen from here - where the cliff is not so sheer.”
“Oh, yes, you did mention that. That’s where you have your boatshed.”
“Yes, come on,” he said, “I’ll show you.”
We headed off along the clifftops. The walking was easy, the grass thin and low, the cliff’s edge cutting back inland in giant swathes where the ocean had beaten against it for centuries. The breeze came up as we walked, and by the time we reached the point where we could descend, it was blowing at some knots.
Before too long, to our right, I saw a good-sized bay opening up. The cliff had begun falling away as Manfred had described, and fell away steadily to sea level. It recovered its grandeur further on and could be seen lining the bay’s distant shores.
“Just watch your step,” warned Manfred, as we headed down a narrow, rock-strewn path to what would soon emerge as a small, sandy beach. From the beach, the giant cliffs that stood behind us, and continued on around the bay, were even more impressive in their size and stark beauty.
“Come on,” he said, as he led me along the sand till we mounted a low outcrop of rocks, signalling the point where the bay opened up. Once over the rocks, the beach continued on as a wide ring of fine yellow sand. It formed a buffer between the calm waters of the bay and the cliffs where they re-emerged a little further on. Before too long I saw, as we headed along the beach, the mouth of a small river emptying casually into the bay. The waters of its delta were of a deep rust colour, no doubt the result of minerals leaching from the surrounding sandstone. It was on the far side of this small river that the high cliffs continued on.
A much narrower stretch of sand weaved through a series of boulders, Manfred leading me along the side of the river’s mouth as we began to head upstream. We had not progressed more than fifty yards when a small, timber boatshed appeared on our right, mounted on stumps and well above the high tide mark which was so evident on the surrounding rock.
“This is it,” announced Manfred. He then took a key from his pocket, climbed onto the landing and fumbled with the lock.
The first of the double doors swung wide, then the other. Within the windowless boatshed, all was dark. All I could see was the pointed bow of a small yacht protruding through the gloom, the collapsed mast lying along its length.
“Rosalee,” stated Manfred proudly, his arm extending in presentation of the boat.
I stepped onto the wooden landing, then in through the open doors, running my hand along the neatly painted yacht.
“Beautiful,” I said, turning back to Manfred, he still standing in the doorway. “Do you sail her yourself, or just with your father?”
“Both, although without my father I only sail her in the bay. Sometimes Isabella and I take her out.”
Isabella! - In all the activity I had forgotten about her. I felt my spirits dive just a little.
“So, what time is Isabella arriving?” I asked, wondering for a moment how she would let herself in without Manfred and I there. He seemed to read my thoughts.
“I don’t know what time exactly. Anyway, she has her own key.”
Together we locked up the boatshed and jumped down onto the sand.
“Follow me,” he said, and from there he led me inland, further upstream, back along the side of the river.
For a few minutes we walked parallel to the flat, meandering stream, the waters slowly weaving a route behind us. Very quickly, however, our trail got rockier, boulders of differing size creating something of a labyrinth, yet with the obstacles interspersed by sand as they were, the walking was not difficult. After a while the stream turned left, then right, and the path we were following began to steepen. Small trees and bushes were growing wild along the banks and progressively became thicker the further we went. The steepening incline made for a number of small rapids as the water found its way down from the higher plain.
“This river runs along the flat land above the top of the cliffs,” said Manfred, stopping for a moment to point upwards. “Its source is somewhere to the west of Dorchester. It bypasses the town and so avoids draining into the Frome.”
I looked to where he pointed, then we continued on. The open waters of the bay, as I peered behind, were quickly disappearing; the watercourse had wound in and behind the cliffs and now ran through its own narrow gorge. The growth had also become quite dense, and that, coupled with the increasingly wild geography, had removed any sound of the sea from earshot. All that could be heard was the bubbling and boiling of crystal clear water as it rolled and tumbled over the polished river rocks.
“This place is so beautiful,” I called out to Manfred, “but where are you taking me?”
“A little further,” he yelled back, as the sound of the descending stream grew ever louder.
As we went on, the path we were following became less defined; at times, in fact, it was difficult to see Manfred in front of me, although he was only ever a few yards ahead. We had been climbing steadily for quite some time, as my legs were beginning to let me know, yet Manfred’s energy seemed almost limitless, and he continued to power forward. Soon after, when we were quite elevated, the track levelled out, winding left and right but no longer ascending. The stream was running smoothly through the rocky gorge to our left and could be seen through the trees some twenty feet below, whilst behind I could still hear the percussion of the rapids, tumbling in musical descent to the bay.
By this stage I was not making any attempt at conversation, for I was out of breath and following, puppy-like, behind Manfred. He appeared to be going somewhere but I knew not where. He seemed to have a real purpose about him. Shortly after, as we kept on through the flatter, dense area above the rapids, a noise began to emerge. It kept building, growing more apparent the further we went, a rising orchestra of sound. The track ahead of us turned and Manfred suddenly stopped at that point, holding back the branches of the ever-encroaching undergrowth, in order that I could see.
“My God,” I exclaimed, gazing out across a huge rock pool, which was, in effect, a small lake. On its far side there poured a wide torrent of water, falling vertically from thirty or more feet, directly into it.
“Above those falls and we’re soon back on the grassy plain,” said Manfred. “It’s a bit of a walk through the forest but we can go home that way across the fields. Look at this place - the river just falls over the side. Something, isn’t it?”
“It certainly is.” I replied. And it was. It seemed almost like a scene from a child’s fairy tale - clear, crystal water in a beautiful rocky surround, resplendently set amongst the finest of nature’s wild vegetation, an idyllic place, disrupted and yet perfectly balanced by the presence of a majestic waterfall.
“Come on,” said Manfred, and again he marched ahead of me, this time following an almost imaginary path that led up the right-hand side of the waterfall.
We began our climb to the top of the falls, a rocky, steep ascent through bracken and fern. At one point I slipped and fell but without hurting myself, the smooth rocks that rarely got the sun being moss-covered and slimy.
The roar of the falls at close hand was quite deafening, the endless waters crashing down the rock face and into the pool at the bottom. Spray from that impact rose as mist through the growth, dampening our faces and clothes. Before long we reached the top and my whole impression was changed. It was suddenly quieter. The falls could still be heard but the heavy roar remained below the drop. We pushed through to the water’s edge, the stream flowing smoothly along the upper plateau, so innocent, so oblivious it seemed to the sudden and horrific fall ahead.
“Come on,” said Manfred, making his way to the edge of the falls.
I stopped, a little unsure, and he saw my reluctance.
“It’s alright, Alan. That big rock on the left is dry and rough. You won’t slip off.”
Carefully I followed him, and soon we were both atop the rock he indicated. The view was spectacular, the waters tumbling violently like some plague of foolish lemmings, and as the roar of the falls returned, the ocean and bay were again visible across the treetops. I was more than impressed and was about to make some comment - I don’t recall what exactly - but the thought was suddenly lost when Manfred spoke first.
“Isabella’s sister died here.”
The words spilled calmly enough from his mouth, and his tone was remarkably unchanged by the gravity of the claim he made.
“What?” I blurted back, feeling an immediate weakening in my legs.
“Yes,” said Manfred, as he continued to stare out over the falls. “It was a terrible thing - almost two years ago.”
I looked at the drop before us and stepped back.
“Manfred,” I said, “Come back. Let’s get back from here. Come back away from the edge.”
His words had been so unexpected and sudden that the danger of the falls had, in my mind at least, redoubled.
For a moment Manfred did not move but continued to stare out. He then turned to me and smiled, then followed me back to safer ground.
“My God, Manny (as often I called him), what are you trying to do to me? That was not the time to tell me something like that.”
He apologised and sat alongside of me on the trunk of a fallen tree. After a little while I turned to face him.
“So, what happened?”
Manfred took a moment or two, then began his tale.
“Yvette was her name, Isabella’s identical twin, identical by birth but that’s about all. In many other ways they were really quite different. Isabella was the quiet, reserved one, modest and respectful of people. She was better behaved and more predictable than Yvette, so they weren’t quite the same at all. Isabella seemed to take after her mother - my mother’s sister - and Aunt Eva is really just a normal, middle-aged woman. My Uncle Herman is a factory worker. He works in a foundry in Dorchester. He works hard, I suppose, but he drinks hard, too, and when he does you learn to give him a wide berth. There has never been a bad thing said about Aunt Eva, but as for Uncle Herman, well, I have to say, I’ve never really gotten on with him. He can be very moody. There have been times when I swear he has hated the whole world and everybody in it.
“As for Yvette - well, she was somebody else again. Obviously she was raised in the same way as Isabella, and yet they were so very different. From an early age Yvette was in trouble at school, then later with the law. Had her parents been able to afford it I think they would have sent her off to boarding school. She caused trouble and was wilful, but I liked her anyway. I remember many a good time spent in the company of both my cousins, and they got on well together too, despite being different. Yvette saw the world as a place to be explored, and in ways Isabella would never have entertained at the time.”
Manfred stopped at this point, seemingly unsure whether he should continue. I looked his way.
“Go on,” I said, and after a moment he did.
 “I’m probably saying too much, but the fact is, Yvette became a little, shall we say, promiscuous. As it turned out, she gained quite a reputation in Dorchester, often to the embarrassment of Isabella. If nothing else, they did look alike, and Isabella would regularly be on the receiving end of some crude remark. It was always a case of mistaken identity, but it would upset Isabella very much.
Manfred stopped again briefly, then continued.
“Anyway, enough of that. The day Yvette died was a hot one. It was the middle of summer. The two of them had been staying with my parents at the beach house for a few days. I was coming down on the train, just as you and I did yesterday. When I arrived that night the place was in upheaval. There was commotion everywhere when I got off the coach, and upstairs, I was told, was the body of my poor cousin, Yvette. My parents took me into the lounge where Isabella sat pale and shaking with a blanket around her. It was awful. In the kitchen, by himself, sat Uncle Herman. He was not talking. He was not saying anything to anybody, just leaning forward and staring at the floor. Aunt Eva had not yet arrived. My parents then told me what had happened. Isabella and Yvette had apparently come here to the rockpool to swim; this has been a common place for all of us over the years. But after a while, according to Isabella, Yvette climbed out of the water. She said she was going to climb to the top of the falls. Isabella called out for her to be careful and, tragically, that was the last time they ever spoke. Isabella said she kept on swimming, quickly losing sight of Yvette as she disappeared into the undergrowth. Then, a short time later, she said she saw her, standing in the water at the top of the falls, waving her hand. Isabella said she felt an immediate rush of panic. And it was then, at that very moment, that Yvette lost her footing and went over the edge. By the time Isabella got to her she was floating face down in the water, already dead.
“Somehow Isabella managed to drag her to shore and pulled her up onto the bank. She was about to run for help when Uncle Herman suddenly appeared from nowhere. He said he had come to the falls to collect them both and take them home. Isabella then had to explain to her father what had happened. After that her body was taken back to the beach house and the coroner called for. In the meantime Yvette was placed upstairs, I hate to say it, Alan, but in the very room you’re using, until the officials arrived.”

Those final words from Manfred chilled me. I sat, a little stunned I suppose, because for more than a fleeting moment the notion of a ghost came to mind. A cold shiver ran along my spine, my thoughts returning to the shadowy figure that had emerged through the night, that had come from the blackened space where the wardrobe stood, descended upon me, then taken me to somewhere I had never been. It was a bizarre, supernatural thought, yet one that fitted the facts. Despite this, my logical mind forced me to dismiss the possibility – until later that day when I met Isabella.  

Chapter three

It was mid-afternoon when Manfred and I returned. The beach house was unoccupied, Isabella having obviously not yet arrived. The day outside had been comfortably warm, and as my friend had predicted, the breeze had grown steadily in strength throughout the afternoon. It was warm enough for the pair of us to sit in the loungeroom without the need of a fire. Manfred had made us both coffees, and being the student of literature that he was, was attempting to engage me in conversation about the writings and influence of various authors and poets. My mind, however, was more practically inclined, and though I feigned interest, this really was not my field.
“You know Rossetti called Blake a glorious luminary” Manfred stated, then handed me the written proof. After taking a quick glance where he indicated but without actually reading anything, I handed the reference back to him. Just as I did, there came from outside the sound of approaching hooves. Manfred pulled back the curtains.
“It’s Isabella,” he said.
I did not rise from my seat, but allowed Manfred to welcome his cousin at the door. There was a muffled exchange of greetings, the sound of a suitcase being banged on the architrave, then footsteps in the hall.
“Alan,” Manfred said as he reappeared in the doorway, “this is my cousin, Isabella.”
With that, he stood slightly aside in order to make room. Isabella appeared beside him, the light from the opposite room semi-silhouetting the pair. I was instantly dumbstruck. If my startled reaction did not show at once then it should have, for on seeing Isabella my mind immediately returned to the previous night, when the full, black outline of my bizarre bedroom guest had been so perfectly framed before the dull light of the window. I sat startled, unable to take my eyes from the female form in the doorway. Isabella was, to my utter shock, the absolute image of she who had come to me in the night. I could do nothing but stare.
After a moment, and remembering my manners, I sprang to my feet to receive her. I could feel that my face had reddened deeply. My situation was not helped either by the sudden nervousness I felt in my smile, or the uncertain tone of my voice. I felt a fool at once.
Isabella watched me with curiosity, while the twinkling in Manfred’s eyes belied his emotion of humour. I must have seemed like a ridiculous, pubescent schoolboy, suddenly smitten by a girl and affected by a rush of hormones. Yet this could not have been further from the truth, the embarrassment coming from nothing so predictable or obvious, but from the secret experience I had known.
That is not to say Isabella was unattractive. She was actually quite striking. Her skin was of an olive complexion, her thick mop of hair, dense and dark. When she smiled there was just a hint of white from her teeth, a fine line between full, soft lips. And when I saw those lips I felt the wonderful sensation of them pressed against mine - knowing and warm. Despite these things, it was Isabella’s eyes that disappointed me. They gave no real suggestion of warmth; moreover they appeared dark and disturbed, even troubled. My secret visitor of the previous night had never shown me her eyes, but the outline of her body I had seen, and had felt the shape and the weight of it upon me. Isabella’s body was exciting and voluptuous - I could not deny that - and although she was perhaps a little generous in her proportions, she was not particularly overweight. Indeed, she was just as my visitor had been.
After our short introduction, Isabella headed upstairs to put things away in her room.
“That went smoothly,” quipped Manfred, still laughing with his eyes. “What’s the matter with you, Alan? I’ve never seen you act like that.”
I motioned for Manfred to be quiet. “I can’t tell you,” I whispered. “Just give me a moment. There’s something very strange in all this, something I need to digest.”
My nervousness was extreme and I could hardly stand. Yet somewhere in amongst it all I also felt ridiculously aroused. The shock and inexplicable nature of what had happened the previous night had somehow, until then, precluded me from the excitement one might expect in the wake of such an event. Yet now, having met Isabella, I felt aroused - not by her alone, but by the mystery of the situation in which I found myself. I felt that suddenly I was sharing some kind of affair, a sexual secret of sorts, with the young lady having just ascended the stairs. I knew this was not possible, for surely it was not Isabella who had accosted me in the night, and yet the strongest feeling within me refuted that. The likeness was staggering, even though the room had been dark. It had been the outline, the posture, the whole impression before me. I felt my body running hot and cold all at once. I felt like a ticking bomb and was profoundly confused. The likeness was so great that if not Isabella the previous night in my room, then whom? There was, of course, only one other possibility, and again I chilled at the thought. Could I really allow myself to believe in the supernatural, to believe in the existence of a ghost?
I felt utterly distracted in the moments having just met Isabella, absorbed in a myriad of insane thoughts. Manfred was staring at me from his position by the window, yet I barely knew he was there.
“What’s going on?” he said, his words jerking me back to the present as I turned and caught his stare. I moved his way, and with the quietest voice I could find, asked him, “How alike were they?”
 “Who?” he said, his expression now one of confusion.
“Her,” I said, indicating the next floor with my eyes. “Her, and Yvette.”
Poor Manfred, he looked so confused, unable to comprehend my behaviour.
“Isabella and Yvette?” His voice was now also a whisper. “Well, without knowing them it would have been difficult to tell them apart. But, as I said, they were different personalities, and they did dress differently. Isabella was always the lady, Yvette dressed like - I don’t know - a tom-boy.”
For one fleeting second I was touched by a sense of mirth. The late night visitor to my room had given no indication of a preferred mode of dress! Manfred seemed to pick up on my distraction and began to laugh a little.
“Alan, what’s so funny?” he asked, but just as he did, I heard Isabella descending the stairs. I was glad she was, for I was not yet readied for this. My story was bizarre at best and I wanted to think it through thoroughly before confiding it to Manfred.
Isabella re-entered the room and again I felt that peculiar rush of intimate familiarity. She wandered to where we stood by the window and for the first time I caught the gentle smell of the perfume she was wearing. It was fragrant and subtle, but more than that, I knew it immediately as the exact scent I had smelled the night before.
By this stage I did not know what to think. I was strongly aroused just standing next to her and I cursed myself for it. Perhaps it was the triggering effect of her perfume, but I could not seem to help it. All I could feel was the slow rhythm of her body on mine, gliding smoothly in the dark. I stepped away and stood by the mantle.
“Manfred says you’re going to be a doctor,” she said, taking half a step towards me. Her eyes were very direct and I felt I was being scrutinised, her statement seemingly little more than an excuse for her to study me.
“Ah…yes,” I answered, feeling the mantle behind me and realising I could retreat no further. “I’m in my second year… You’re in your final year of school, I believe?”
She drew to within a yard of me to answer, normally a comfortable distance for friendly conversation, but her perfume and her form kept returning me in flashes to the darkened room of the previous night, and all the while I was trying to disguise my discomfort. Manfred headed for the kitchen to make us all a drink, while Isabella continued to assess me. She seemed less interested in my answers than in getting a feel for who I was. The whole time I was trying to piece together the scenario in which I found myself. Was this the girl that made love to me the previous night, or was it not? I looked deeply into Isabella’s eyes as she spoke, knowing that the brain behind those eyes either did or did not know what had happened in the night.
For what seemed like an excruciating length of time, Manfred was gone in the kitchen, and the whole time Isabella was passively grilling me with all sorts of questions, questions about my family, my upbringing, my friends, my schooling, my interests. She was appealing and inquisitive, and under different circumstances I could have enjoyed our conversation, but I was so glad when Manfred returned with our coffees.  
“Did you stop at the Carmichael’s today?” Manfred asked as he handed Isabella her drink. “I see it was their cart that dropped you off.”
Isabella took a sip, both hands on the stoneware mug. “Yes,” she replied, “I stayed there last night.”
My ears pricked up at the remark and I listened intently to what followed.
“But I thought you were coming to the Cape today?” said Manfred.
“I tried to catch the coach last night,” Isabella explained, “but I missed it. That was when I saw Mr Carmichael. He was having a cup of tea, having just seen off Mrs Carmichael in the coach. He had a late appointment in town and she didn’t want to wait. He offered me a lift in his cart if I didn’t mind waiting an hour or two.”
“Yes, that makes sense,” said Manfred. “Mrs Carmichael was in the coach with us.”
Manfred then moved to the big armchair by the window, Isabella following him and sitting close by on the arm. She continued her story while I listened from my position near the mantle.
“So anyway, we arrived late at the Carmichael’s and Mr Carmichael offered for me to stay the night, saying that Mrs Carmichael would love to catch up with me. Then he said he would run me over here in the morning. Well, I couldn’t very well refuse, so I took up his offer. But when we entered the house, Mrs Carmichael had already gone to bed, so I stayed out the back in their little bungalow and caught up with her today. We talked for ages and I ended up having lunch with them in the garden. It was lovely.”
At that point, Manfred jokingly mocked the way Isabella had said, it was lovely, and she laughed, putting her arm around his neck and kissing him on top of the head. All at once it struck me how much they looked like a couple.
My confused mind reeled with possibilities in the wake of all this new information. Isabella was suddenly very much back in the picture as far as what had happened the previous night. She had, by her own admission, been in the vicinity of the beach house. Staying alone in an outback bungalow, she could easily have left the Carmichael property, unnoticed and unheard. From there, it was only a mile to the beach house - twenty minutes on foot. Manfred had already said that Isabella had her own key, so she could quite easily have let herself in. But what bizarre behaviour was that which would have followed - to enter the bedroom of a complete stranger and seduce him without a word uttered!
My mind was running uncontrollably, and it was then that my heart gave a seemingly audible thump as a plausible yet rather repugnant scenario suggested itself. I looked at the pair of them, first cousins to each other, sitting on the chair by the window. What if these two were secretly involved, conducting a relationship with each other, a relationship that, although legal, might seem to the world somewhat incestuous? Perhaps Isabella had indeed made the trek from the Carmichaels. Perhaps she had entered the house and climbed the stairs. Perhaps she had even made her way into that dark bedroom and had her way in lust. But, rather than me, perhaps she had thought it was Manfred she was seducing.
My heart raced in my chest as Manfred and Isabella kept chatting with each other, not one word now reaching my ears, my mind consumed by this latest possibility. Slowly, though, as the minutes passed and I mulled things over, my idea seemed to fall apart.
Firstly, no matter how dark the room, it would seem hard to believe that anybody could mistake a stranger for his or her lover. It was too inconceivable. Secondly, it seemed that Isabella had genuinely explained her movements of the night before, without once having expected Manfred to have known she was anywhere near the Cape. Indeed, had she sneaked into the house and made love to somebody, thinking it was Manfred, and then departed, would she not now be confused by his ignorance of her presence? Of course she would. And, what also remained peculiar was the vague, dreamlike nature of that bedroom encounter, and the fact that I had no recollection of it ending - no post-coital chit chat, no kiss goodbye, no seeing the door close as my strange seducer left - simply nothing. The whole affair was just as mysterious now as it ever was, and once more I considered the creeping possibility of Yvette.
Yet now, seeing the two cousins so comfortable with each other, chatting away as though I was never there, so engrossed in each other’s presence, I wondered again if there was not something between them. That possibility would, for the moment at least, preclude me from saying anything to Manfred of my encounter. If the theory I felt so ready to dismiss was indeed somehow true, disclosure could be disastrous for all. But how could it be true, when, as a proposition, it was simply too flawed? I felt so very confused.
I left the two of them alone, quickly excusing myself in order that I take another walk. What a strange time I was having - not one full day had I been at Cape Terrible, yet it seemed that so much had unfurled. Down the steps and out the gate I went. The sea breeze was now strong and began to whistle and moan about the house. I headed back along the cliff’s edge but in the opposite direction to that which Manfred and I had earlier taken. For more than half an hour I followed the weaving precipice, my mind trying to make sense of what was going on. I admit I was unable to draw any new conclusions or fresh hypotheses.
I did, despite all, enjoy the walk, the cliff cutting in and out and the ground beneath my feet rising and falling continually in gentle undulation. There was a singular, windswept beauty that pervaded the place, the rolling yellow grasslands, the vast timelessness of the ocean, the harsh way our land ended in such a long and abrupt continuum of cliffs. It was such a lonely place, especially when, as the sun fell low in the sky and I turned to head back, there was not a single visible suggestion of life, be it animal or man.
The sun had set by the time I got back to the house, painting the western sky in vivid shades. I was fairly blown when I returned, the relentless wind retarding my progress all the way home.
When I re-entered the house the hall was in near darkness, but a fire had been lit and the flickering glow danced out through the doorway of the lounge. I peered into the room in time to see Manfred lighting one of the wall lamps, while his cousin reclined inelegantly on the sofa. As the light grew strong, I could not help but notice that her hair, which had been so tidily brushed, was now dishevelled. Her face exhibited a warm glow and her eyes seemed to burn with fire, her pupils huge. Manfred, in his own way, gave off a similar impression, as he darted from lamp to lamp, lighting each of them in turn.
“Have you been sitting here in the dark?” I queried.
The pair looked at each other.
“Yes. That’s alright, isn’t it?”
Isabella’s answer was curt, and enough to give me the sudden feeling of being unwelcome.
Manfred flashed her a glare.
“Isabella,” he said, “I’ve spent a good part of today telling Alan how pleasant you are. Now he thinks me a liar.”
He turned to me.
“We’ve been having a little drink, Alan, and a few laughs as well. Come on, join us. I’ll get you a brandy.”
Isabella spoke once more.
“So, how was your walk?” Her tone was now softer, perhaps to appease me, or maybe Manfred. I placed myself at the far end of the sofa. She sat sprawled with one elbow on the arm of the furniture, her hand buried deep in a mass of thick hair.
“It’s a desolate place,” I replied.  
I looked at her, then about the room, and was struck by the sudden moodiness of the moment. It was a peculiar place, the beach house, for it seemed it could be so bright and gay in daylight, yet so enveloping and layered by night. On arrival the evening before, the place had been foreboding in its nature, then so different in the broadness of day. The emotion I now felt, however, was different again; this feeling was centred on, and driven by, Manfred’s strangely alluring cousin. She gave off an aura that filled the room and, oddly, it was an aura that seemed to synchronise with the dwelling. She had seemed pleasant, though a little inquisitive, on arrival that afternoon. She had smiled and spoken lightly - even her clothing, a bright cotton dress, had reflected that mood. Now she sat across from me in subdued lighting, her clothing heavier and dark, and with a countenance that suggested her very surrounds. I felt her deep, dark eyes penetrating me as she sat side-on, and I waited anxiously for Manfred to bring me my brandy.
“Here you go, old boy.”
Manfred handed me my glass then retook his favourite seat by the window.
“Isabella is cooking for us tonight, Alan. Something exotic from Italy.”
I smiled at Isabella in response to this. She made no reaction at all, just sipped at her drink and stared into the room, looking neither pleased nor otherwise. Since returning from my walk I was feeling decidedly awkward in her company and I wished she would just go away, back to from where she had come. It soon became apparent that while Isabella enjoyed the company of her cousin, she saw me as an obstacle. Her attitude became more obvious the more brandy was consumed, both Isabella and Manfred becoming steadily affected by it.
I could easily have allowed myself to consume as much as they, but feeling a little left out, I contented myself with my own thoughts and the observation of the two. Steadily, the pair became drunk, and I wondered Manfred’s definition of a lady. Isabella was certainly a woman - she was sultry, sensual and magnetic - and like a magnet, as easily able to repel as to draw, but for my money she was not a lady. Ladies did not drink to excess, nor did they flirt with their cousins. Nor did they sit the way Isabella sat on the sofa, with one knee up and the other one out. A true lady would not present herself so casually. It was not that I objected to this type of behaviour from a female; I simply did not consider it lady-like.
It was quite some time before Isabella found her way to the kitchen in order to prepare the Italian-style meal we’d been promised. In the meantime, she and Manfred finished off a full bottle of brandy and made considerable progress on another. Isabella, whilst ignoring me more and more, became increasingly amorous with her cousin, the pair of them playing seductive music on the gramophone, dancing closely and slowly by the fire. At one point she tripped accidentally on the carpet and fell into my lap, immediately laughing and throwing her arms around my neck, pretending to kiss me on the lips. It was most unexpected and oddly out of step with her most recent reactions to me. Manfred laughed at the pair of us from his own landing place in the middle of the floor. Isabella reeked of alcohol, but again the feel and weight of her body so reminded me of my late night visitor. Then, as Manfred climbed to his feet, he helped her back up and they continued their drunken courtship.
Eventually we made our way to the kitchen and ate, and surprisingly enough the meal was quite good. Isabella, having learned continental cooking techniques, had brought with her the ingredients. I had never tasted pasta or olives before. The taste was so completely different from any food I had ever known, and we ate it over glasses of wine. It was after eleven by the time the meal was finished and I assured the others I would clean up the mess in the morning. I headed off to bed, leaving the cousins together at the kitchen table. They were making little sense to rational ears and as they seemed intent on finishing the wine I believed I would not be missed.
I quickly fell asleep, the small amount that I drank being enough to put me out. To the best of my memory, the thought of a return visit from my guest of the night before, whomever she may have been, did not so much as occur. I believe I was soundly asleep from the moment my head rested on the pillow, and for quite some time I slumbered blissfully.
Yet during the night I was again awoken, this time not by somebody in the room, but by the low sound of the gramophone still playing downstairs. The music kept me at the brink of consciousness, and for quite some time I lay dozing. It was during this time that I did think of my previous night’s visitor. Indeed, I became quite aroused by her memory - thrilled to her in fact - and as my eyes searched the shadows, I felt the strangest mix of hope and fear. Whether she had been real or otherwise, it seemed for now not to matter, for her memory was mine and mine alone - my own private excitement - and for some little time I dwelled contentedly in deep and lustful thought.
My excitement, however, began to wane soon after, as gradually I emerged from that beautiful half-slumber and became wider awake. With the steady return of my good sense, I let the fantasy go. Yet I could not get back to sleep, for below, the music continued on, the low strains of violin droning endlessly. Surely those drunks have passed out, I thought, and began to feel an emerging sense of annoyance. I knew I would not be able to sleep again until I silenced the recording, so I donned my gown and quietly made my way downstairs. The scraping, melancholy rasp of the violin drifted, and as dull light hung weakly in the lower passage, I realised the pair must still be awake, for surely they had rewound the gramophone for it still to be playing. With the kitchen now dark, it was just the loungeroom that glowed, and as I approached I heard a quiet voice. It was difficult to believe they could still be up, considering how much they had drunk. I stopped and listened. The first words I distinguished came from Isabella.
“Well, why does he have to be here, Manfred? This is our place.”
Then Manfred spoke.
“It’s all right, Isabella. Don’t cry.”
 I peered in from the darkened hall. The fire still burned, two of the wall lamps were flickering away, and there, seated in the middle of the room on a kitchen chair, quite naked, was Isabella, while Manfred painted her from behind an easel. For more than a minute I watched, then moved back, further into shadow. At one point, Manfred came out from behind his easel and adjusted the angle of her face. As he turned back, she whimpered and grabbed at his sleeve. She was sobbing and pulled his face toward hers. A deep and passionate kiss ensued, their mouths parting slowly and breaking a long string of saliva. I eased away quietly and back up the stairs, the violins straining behind me.  

Chapter four 

Birds woke me early, about the time that first uncertain glow of dawn appears. I was dozing, half-dreaming, and each time I opened my eyes the room had become brighter. The day outside was still - as had been the night - quite contrary to Manfred’s prediction. The wind had grown stronger all the previous day but had quelled soon after dusk. I lay on my back, staring up at the ceiling. The house was in silence, save for those birds outside.
It had taken me a good hour or more to get back to sleep the previous night. I had lain awake, hearing that wretched violin music and knowing the peculiar drunken antics being conducted to its strains. I would have to leave, go back to the city, then further, to my parents’ place for the remainder of the holidays. I think I had already decided this as I slept. It was ridiculous for me to stay on at Manfred’s beach house with Isabella present. I was clearly outside of my comfortable domain, and most certainly the odd one out in a group of three. I had quickly seen that Manfred was a different man in Isabella’s company; she seemed to possess him, to occupy his entire space, and she plainly wanted that space to herself. A smile broke across my lips as I laid back and remembered what Manfred had said of her sister’s promiscuity. If Isabella’s behaviour was not also promiscuous, then I wondered the meaning of the word.
Before long I climbed out of bed and went downstairs. The stove was still warm with embers, so I topped up its fuel supply with whatever wood was there. Then I put the kettle on the stove for coffee and went outside to the lavatory while it was heating.
As I returned along the hall, the place was as quiet as a morgue, and for one vengeful moment I considered making a noise, thought perhaps some violin music might be appropriate. As I re-entered the kitchen the kettle was beginning to emit a low hiss as the heat began to penetrate. I sat at the table, remembering for a moment the bizarre sight that had met my eyes through the doorway of the lounge. I rose from my chair and headed that way, out of curiosity and nothing else. The room was a mess. There were more empty bottles, some standing, some lying down - and one had tipped and spilled on the rug. There was a plate of food, half eaten, balancing ludicrously on the arm of Manfred’s chair. Isabella’s seat was still in the middle of the room and her clothes, in their entirety it seemed, were piled on the floor. It would appear that she never re-dressed. The painter’s easel still stood where it had, and so I moved around it in order that I might see Manfred’s drunken attempt at capturing his mischievous cousin. Oil painting was a pursuit Manfred had engaged in the course of his studies, an artistic outlet to complement his literary interest.
I looked at his work and my head shook involuntarily. The painting appeared to have begun seriously enough but had deteriorated into a hotch-potch of colours and lines, only a vague resemblance to the actual subject being discernible.
“So Alan… Is it me?”
I spun with a start. Isabella was leaning in the doorway in Manfred’s robe, the very picture of debauchery and fatigue, her hair a tangled maze.
“Well,” she asked, “is it?” She stepped into the room, and to my amazement her gown fell open at the front, revealing her bare skin beneath. “Has he done me justice?”
As the robe gaped, I gazed unthinkingly upon her, totally shocked. She seemed not to care and leisurely pulled it in, smiling at me in the most pathetic and lewd fashion. I took a step away. Rather than being impressed as perhaps she had wished, I felt repulsed.
“Has he done you justice?” I repeated with disgust, then looked again at the appalling picture. “Yes, Isabella, I believe he has.”
With that, I returned to the kitchen. The kettle had boiled so I made my coffee. Isabella had angered me. I was angered by her rudeness, her drunkenness, and for the way she seemed so able to manipulate Manfred. I also felt angered and insulted that she had flaunted herself before me, having so clearly spent the night with my friend. I was going home, she having ruined the few days I had planned to spend with Manfred. After a moment she appeared through the doorway of the kitchen, taking the seat opposite. It surprised me rather to notice she was crying. Unashamedly, she wiped away the tears, then spoke in an agitated, emotional voice.
“I care nothing for what you think, Alan. England is full of prudes and you’re just another. I happen to love Manfred and he loves me. We didn’t ask to be cousins.”
“I have not said a thing,” I replied, angry still, and surprised by her sudden tears. “And besides, I’m leaving today, which will please you.”
Although she was crying, I left her alone. I took my coffee upstairs to my room and did not re-emerge for more than an hour - not until I heard Manfred stumbling along the upper passage. After a minute or so, I followed him down the stairs. He was in the kitchen, the picture of ill health, himself making a coffee. He smiled as I entered, his hand holding his aching head, his fingers lost in knotted hair.
“Never again,” he breathed.
I slowly shook my head and looked around the room. I asked where his cousin was.
“Asleep on the sofa in the lounge. She’s not well either.”
I returned my attention to my host and said, “I’m going home Manfred. This is not for me.”
There was a startled look in his bloodshot eyes.
“But why, Alan?”
“I’m out of my place here. I know what’s going on between you and Isabella. I’m not judging you at all, but there is one too many of us here.”
He sat across from me, elbows on the table, both hands supporting his head. He looked up at me again and spoke.
“Then she goes, not you.”
“Manfred - no.”
“No, it’s only fair. I’m sorry, Alan, we’ve behaved badly. I’ll send her home to Dorchester.”
“You mustn’t.”
“I must, Alan. I really must.”
“Manfred,” I said, “she will not take this well, believe me.”
“It’s alright, Alan. Isabella comes here all the time. This is your first visit. Stay, please. I want us to go sailing.”
I argued further but finally agreed, even though I had quite made up my mind to leave and was feeling genuine concern as to how Isabella might react. My position was an awkward one. I saw no way that Isabella would not hold me responsible for Manfred’s action.
Manfred and I talked a little more but on other topics. I cooked some breakfast for the two of us while Isabella remained unconscious, faintly snoring from the loungeroom. Manfred picked over his plate, quite obviously too ill to eat. I had no such difficulty and quickly downed my food.
“Come on,” he then said, “let’s walk across to the cliffs while she sleeps. We can talk.”
Quietly, the pair of us exited the front door and made our way through the yellow grass to the land’s end. There we sat, looking out across the sea which lay calm before us. I initiated the talking.
“So, how long has this been going on?”
He sighed, bowing his head slightly.
“Since we were young - I mean, very young - twelve, maybe thirteen. There was always a spark between us, but it only became physical after Yvette died. Before then it was much more innocent. I suppose it all began one night when I was at her place. She was very down about Yvette. I held her in my arms for a moment and kissed the side of her face. She moved her mouth to mine and before we knew it the spark was a flame.”
“Do your parents know?”
“No.”
“Hers?”
“No. I don’t think so.”
For a short while Manfred and I sat without speaking.
“Is she alright?” I asked at last.
Manfred frowned at me. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, mentally. Is she alright - in the wake of Yvette’s death?”
He looked out to sea before answering. He seemed stuck for words. Finally, he spoke.
“She missed a full year of school. She was in a facility.”
Facility - I shuddered at the word. In my studies I had seen images depicting the poor unfortunates confined to Bedlam. The treatment of those held there amounted to little more than incarceration, restraint and punishment, the time they spent generally leaving them rather more scarred and damaged than otherwise.
“Not Bedlam, surely?”
Manfred smiled at me then answered, “No, not Bedlam - nothing like that. She was not committed. She was able to come home.”
I felt a sense of relief, although I admit that by then I cared little for Isabella.
“And how do you think she is now?”
“She still needs a lot of support and encouragement. And she needs to be loved. She certainly needs to be loved. I think otherwise she might fall apart. That’s really from where our whole relationship has sprung. She can be very fragile, and I suppose because of our closeness she’s focused her attention on me. Alan, I don’t mean to sound vain but I don’t think she could love anyone else. I think she needs me.”
Before my response my mind flashed back to the earlier scene in the lounge, when Isabella had entered the room and displayed herself to me in such a vulgar way. I wondered how she might have reacted had I shown the interest she perhaps expected. Surely Manfred would be shocked if he knew, and my next question was an awkward one.
“The two of you make love, then?”
After a moment he answered, “Yes.” 
He seemed a little embarrassed, and briefly went quiet. When he did continue, he said, “But it’s confusing. It has to be done her way. I shouldn’t say any of this, Alan, but she’s an incredible lover - provided it’s done her way.”
He turned to me.
“This is not normally discussed in polite company, but I suppose it’s just us. Have you ever known a woman to openly admit to the enjoyment of sex?”
My head swung sharply towards Manfred.
“Certainly not,” I answered.
“Well, Isabella does. And not only that but she goes out of her way to make it enjoyable. She’s adventurous, in the way French women are said to be. She feels no shame in it. Can you believe she likes to play little roles? She sometimes wears exciting underwear, even treats me like her slave at times, if you can understand.”
“Manfred, really.”
“But her favourite thing is simply to dominate - to take the lead.”
My face was glowing at Manfred’s descriptions, but I was curious, nonetheless.
“Take the lead - how?”  
“Well, she makes me lie on my back in the dark, then sneaks into the room. I know she’s there but I can’t see her. If I try to speak, she’ll silence me. She likes there to be no sound at all. Then, with me on my back, she climbs on top of me. Can you believe it? She actually has her way with me from above. She controls the entire movement. Alan, it’s the most incredible thing, but I know I shouldn’t be telling you any of this.”
My face was flushing further as Manfred described their lovemaking. My heart raced as well, driven by the memory of two nights before, so similar was the scene he described.
“She’s so inventive,” I blurted, nervously.
Manfred smiled at me before speaking again.
“And yet, she really can’t take credit. She once told me she learned it all from Yvette.”
This time I gasped aloud but Manfred took no notice, just continued talking.
“It is peculiar though,” he said.
“What is?” I burbled, awkwardly.
“The way she makes love. On one occasion I tried to take control. As I rolled her beneath me she went completely mad, just flew at me in a mad frenzy. It was as though she was suddenly terrified, or repulsed. She screamed, No, Manfred, no, and began sobbing badly and beating at me with her fists. I had to stop. I never tried it again and she never said why she acted that way.”
I listened carefully to his words, knowing the more I learned of Isabella the more disturbed she seemed. About this time Manfred held his head, gripped again by the pain of his hangover.
“How is it?” I asked.
With his face as white as a sheet, he chuckled lowly.
“Not too good.”
As sick as he was, I wondered where the relationship with Isabella was leading him.
“Why drink like that, Manny? What does it achieve? The pair of you, you acted like fools last night. Do you really think alcohol can fix anyone’s problems?”
“Alan,” he said, “we’re not trying to fix anyone’s problems. Isabella and I have a special bond between us. I admit that sometimes we do drink too much, but not often. My head hurts very badly this morning, so please, no lectures.”
“I’m sorry, Manfred. This trip has not been what I expected. I had no idea you were involved like this, or how it would come into play during my stay.”
He nodded back.
“I’m sorry, too. I’ll send her off when she wakes up and you and I can go sailing.”
I again felt anxious about the plan. Isabella disturbed me in so many ways and I was growing more concerned as to how she might react at being sent away.
We headed back to the house. She was still asleep, and Manfred said he would go back to bed himself for a couple of hours. As that left me at a loose end I decided to go for a walk, and headed back along the road in the direction of Dorchester. The road was rough and bumpy and I was continually dodging potholes as I took in the desolate views around me. In time, however, a farmhouse came into sight, which I knew to be the Carmichael residence. I would have walked right on by but for Mrs Carmichael calling out to me. She remembered me from the coach ride and summoned me over to the fence.
“You’re Manfred’s friend,” she said, with a smile. “Are you just catching some air?”
“Yes,” I replied, “I enjoy a good walk, and I’m still familiarising myself with the Cape. It’s a fascinating and rather barren place, isn’t it?”
“We’ve lived here for thirty years,” she said, solemnly. “It has never changed. This place is nothing if not predictable. Would you like a cup of tea?”
“That would be nice. Thankyou.”
The idea of enjoying a beverage with a rational, sober human being was suddenly very appealing, and so I followed the ageing woman along a path to her front veranda.
The place had a homely appearance, as might be expected from a dwelling that had been occupied so long by the one family. The veranda was furnished with an assortment of mismatched, yet not uninviting articles of outdoor furniture. From the beams hung an array of trailing plants, delicate flowering ferns and such. The wooden floor was equally decorated with potted plants, and the upright supports were twisted in ivy.
“You’re quite a gardener,” I remarked.
“It’s my passion,” she smiled. “Too much time and too little to fill it. You sit down now and I shall bring you a nice cup of tea and some cake.”
She returned quickly with what she had promised, taking her seat across from me, a small wooden table between us.
“I thought Manfred would be with you, to show you the sights.”
I sipped from my tea. It was served in the most delicate china, beautiful, and ornately decorated in images of English flora.
“Manfred is resting,” I replied. “We had a late night last evening and both he and Isabella are fast asleep.”
“Oh,” she said, grimly. “She’s a strange one, that Isabella.” She then passed me the plate of cakes.
As I reached and took one, I seized the opportunity to gain another opinion on my friend’s peculiar cousin.
“Strange, really? And why is that?”
“I suppose you know the bad business that happened up there at the waterfall?”
She had leaned forward and lowered her voice as she spoke. We were miles from anywhere, so who she thought was listening was anybody’s guess. Soon I understood her actions to be just theatrics, the building of drama by a skilled gossip, and I smiled within.
“Something about her sister wasn’t it?” I prompted, innocently enough.
“Terrible business - nothing ever happened like that before.”
Mrs Carmichael leaned further forward. This time her voice was a whisper.
“You know there are some of us who think Isabella killed her.”
With that proud and sudden remark, Mrs Carmichael sat back and upright in her chair, her mouth tight, her eyes alight as she stared. She obviously thrilled at the controversy, and it was something I had not expected. I had been under the impression that she and Isabella were friends. At least that was the way Isabella had put it across.
“What a strange viewpoint,” I answered. “What makes you say such a thing?”
“Well, for one thing,” she began, so obviously regaling the opportunity to revisit the intriguing event, “we have only Isabella’s word for what happened.”
How atrocious, I thought. Even I, who disliked Isabella, thought this comment a little unfair.
“But surely, Mrs Carmichael, Isabella’s guilt cannot be implied by that alone. Many times two people are together when no others are around. If harm should befall one, it doesn’t automatically impart guilt on the other.”
Mrs Carmichael wriggled in her seat, seemingly in some vain attempt to regain control. The smile was gone and I sensed she did not like to be challenged on that which she believed was so.
“Isabella was jealous of Yvette. Yvette had all the boys.”
Yes, that tied in with what Manfred had told me, although he had not said there was jealousy between the sisters.
“But I understood the two of them, despite their differences, were friendly.”
Mrs Carmichael again shuffled in her seat.
“Isabella was jealous, my boy. You mark my words.”
She was so insistent that her mouth became small and tight - round - and pulled in like the rear aperture of a chicken. One walked by at that moment and the similarity was astounding.
“So, you would say Isabella is timid with men?”
“She seems very fond of Manfred,” the old woman replied, “but really, they are cousins. She will need to broaden her scope if she hopes to find herself a man.”
“And she stayed here with you the night before last, I believe?”
“Yes. She came from town with my husband. She missed the coach. She wanted to go straight on to the beach house, but when I told her that you had travelled here with Manfred and were with him at the house, she became quite enraged.”
Enraged, I thought, with some small alarm - it seemed such a strong response.
“So you were still up when Isabella and your husband arrived home?”
“Yes, of course,” she said. “I always wait up for Bevis.”
“Oh, I see. Enraged, you say?”
“Oh, yes. She was not happy at all. She was going straight up there to tear strips off Manfred. How dare he bring a friend along when this was their special place? Her face was quite glowing. Now don’t you go repeating this to anyone, young man, but when she said that I thought the pair of them must be involved in some perverse tryst, some lewd affair being secretly conducted and defying the laws of common decency. It was only that Bevis and I managed to calm her and convince her to stay here in the bungalow. We could not allow her to disturb you two at such a late hour and in such a foul temper.”
My head nodded slowly as I dwelled on the thought.
“I thank you for that, Mrs Carmichael, I assure you.”
The faintest smile had now returned to her lips, but it was mostly a look of satisfaction that spread across her face. She sipped from her tea then reassumed that leaning pose, the one that signalled some new and juicy piece of information.
“You know they put her away - in one of those places.”
“Isabella, you mean?”
“Yes, of course Isabella. Who else would I mean? In my opinion, she should still be in there.”
“But I thought the two of you were friends. Didn’t you lunch with her yesterday?”
Again Mrs Carmichael wriggled, and her mouth retook that strange appearance.
“It was hardly lunch. Bevis and I saw that she was fed, then he drove her up to the beach house in his cart.”
“Where is your husband?” I asked, looking around.
“He’s gone for the day - back to town.”
With that, Mrs Carmichael reverted to her more pleasant nature. She reached across and patted my hand.
“It has been lovely meeting you, young man. I’m so sorry, what was your name?”
“Alan,” I replied.
She smiled at that.
“And a fine name, too - a fine, strong name. Now you be careful of that Isabella. If she gets her claws into you, she’ll ruin you, and you’re too fine a young man for that.”
I thanked Mrs Carmichael for her words, and as I left her company a huge assortment of range hens gathered on the lawn. They hindered my exit, but as they wandered ahead and I thought of Mrs Carmichael’s strange facial expression, they brought a smile to my lips.
Closing the gate, I then continued along the road with the idea of further familiarising myself with the area, but perhaps because of what Mrs Carmichael had said, I found my mind fixed on Isabella, and on the death of her sister. I stopped and looked across the wide field to the west. The dying grasses moved gently, like waves on the sea, and far in the distance, as I looked on the trees of the forest, I wondered the secrets held there.
Curiosity soon drove me back across that field in the direction of the falls. It was quite a walk, but before too long I had reached the edge of the forest, and a short time later had found the lonely path that meandered through the thick woods and continued on towards the waterfall. What an eerie feeling being in that forest alone, making my way through the dark shadows - the shadows, and the sudden splashes of light that would burst through the canopy.
The sound of the falls grew ever closer and soon enough I had found my way to the top of the roaring cascade, wondering the horrors that had played out that tragic day. As I stood staring I considered the words of Mrs Carmichael and immediately thought what a malicious gossip she was. Certainly I cared little for Isabella, but to make such damaging, reckless remarks, and especially to a stranger - how very cruel indeed.
And yet, as I looked out over the falls and time passed, I, too, began to wonder. I wondered whether in dismissing her remarks I was being too hasty. Was it so inconceivable that Yvette’s demise was less accidental than commonly thought? I began to wonder if perhaps Mrs Carmichael’s suggestion did not have some merit. My mind ran over the alternate scenarios. Perhaps, I thought, Yvette did not slip from the top of the falls. My stomach suddenly lurched as instead I visualised her being murderously drowned by Isabella in that beautiful crystal pool below. I then looked at the rocks beneath my feet, at the tumbling cascade before me, and thought that perhaps Yvette did fall from here, but rather than accidentally slipping from the rocks, might Isabella have pushed her?
Sense soon returned, and quickly I banished such villainous thoughts, realising that in thinking this way I was no better than the gossip I had just criticised in my mind. I turned and made my way along the winding path out of the forest, across the wide, expansive field, and back again to Manfred’s beach house.
Coming across the field meant approaching the house unseen, as the only road ran by the front. As I drew within fifty yards I suddenly heard screaming and ranting such as I had never heard from a woman’s voice, coupled with wailing and tears. I stopped and listened then eased my way along to the back of the house. The awful noise was coming from within and I knew its source to be Isabella. She was bellowing such terrible oaths at Manfred, words I scarcely believed a woman would know, let alone use. I could hear Manfred pathetically trying to speak, but on each occasion the dreadful young harpy would drown him out. Soon the barrage of complaint ended with the slamming of a door, an action that vibrated the walls. I peered around the corner of the house to see Isabella trudging furiously along the road in the direction of town. All she carried was a single bag thrown over her shoulder as off she stormed. So fast was her gait that she was soon gone from view. I have a crazed memory of a rising cloud of dust that surrounded her and a wild billowing of steam from her ears!
As she disappeared, I wondered again the perplexing woman she was. More than that, I could not decide what role, if any, she had played that first night on the Cape, or in the death of her sister. Either way, she was gone and I was glad, but I felt shocked by her awful tantrum. The house was now silent and I considered poor Manfred inside. I decided to spare him any further embarrassment and so delayed my appearance for another ten minutes.
When I entered the house I expected to find him downcast, seated by the window in a protracted state of melancholia. This was not the case, however, and he greeted me cheerily as I came through.
“Alan, I was getting worried about you. Where have you been?”
I told him where I had been without going into any real detail.
“Mrs C is an interesting old bird, isn’t she?” he said.
“Yes,” I laughed, then asked where Isabella was, believing that I should at least inquire.
“Oh, she’s gone,” he said light-heartedly, his back turned to me as he headed through into the kitchen.
“Really? She had no objection, then?”
“Oh, no, none. Care for some lunch?”
Poor Manfred, I thought. He would be so embarrassed if he knew what I had heard.
“Yes, thankyou, some lunch would be nice. How’s your head now?”
“It’ll be better once I eat this,” he said, as he put some plates on the table.
I made us some coffee while he took care of the food. I was so glad in my heart that Isabella was gone, as I wondered how Manfred could conduct a relationship with somebody like that. Certainly she possessed a strange allure, but my every thought of her now gave up an ugly woman.
“How is it outside - not too windy?” asked Manfred.
“No, it’s fine. A light breeze, that’s all. Are you still thinking of going sailing?”
“Yes. Are you up for it?”
I told him I was, and once we had finished eating we headed back along the cliff tops, embarking on the lengthy walk down the rocky way to the beach and then eventually to the boatshed where Rosalee was safely locked away.
Getting the yacht out was an exercise. Manfred’s father had constructed an elaborate system of sliprails and pulleys. These, along with a winch and cable, meant the yacht could be taken in and out of the stream regardless of the tide. Within ten minutes Manfred had the little boat bobbing gently on the surface of the water. He was already on board when I waded into the river and pulled myself on.  

Chapter five

I felt quite excited by the prospect of our sailing. Once again it was just Manfred and I, with no horrendous cousin tagging along to thwart our plans or distract Manfred with her siren’s call.
The little yacht glided beautifully as we headed out into the bay, the high cliffs that surrounded us framing a magnificent picture.
Manfred seemed quite adept at handling the boat, pulling this sail up and lowering that. There were ropes and pulleys along the deck, each with a purpose and all fully understood by my companion. The silence was superb, just an occasional flutter in the sails as the breeze shifted, and the force of its strength amazed me, the boat easily speeding along through the water.
Before very long we were way out in the middle of the bay, the yacht rising and falling ever so gently on the tiny swells. It was amazing how quickly the beach and the cliffs fell back behind us. It was now as near to sail out through the heads and onto the open sea as it was to turn back and head in. Above us, some gulls were squawking and circling for fish. Manfred watched them for a while then pointed to a small island to our right and suggested we beach there and boil the pot for a cup of tea. We normally drank coffee, but Rosalee had provisions only for black tea.
“We can light a fire on the sand,” said Manfred.
I nodded, and swung the rudder on his command, while he used the breeze to blow us in. Soon enough the yacht ground to a halt, the sand rising up beneath us and preventing any further progress. We got what we needed from the supply box then climbed off and into the ankle deep water. Manfred took the bow rope and fastened it to a large rock jutting out from the sand.
“The water would only need to rise a little and Rosalee would be gone,” he said. “Then they would find her, way out to sea, deserted and ghostly like the Mary Celeste. And a hundred years from now they would find our bones, right here, alongside our empty teapot.”
I laughed at Manfred’s imagined scenario and said, “I’m sure that’s what happened with the Mary Celeste. They said, ‘There’s a nice island. Anyone for a cuppa?’”
Manfred laughed too, and sat down in the sand. Suddenly I was very glad my friend had talked me into staying, for finally I was having a good time. At that moment I mused that had it been me who left instead of Isabella, I probably would have never wanted to return to Cape Terrible, no matter how much Manfred might have tried to persuade me.
Together we rounded up some dry wood, mostly thin broken branches, and some leaves as well. With matches, we soon had a small blaze burning on the beach. Manfred had a metal stand that he placed over the flames, then set the tin of fresh water upon it. While that was coming to the boil we each had a look at our tiny island. In total area it was barely larger than a couple of acres. In the centre of it was a thick jungle of undergrowth and trees. The sandy beach extended all the way round. Manfred went one way and I went the other. We met on the far side, then continued on and met again at the fire. So small was the island that when we returned, our water still had not boiled.
“I think I’d like to live here,” said Manfred, as he lay back in the warm sand. “There’s nobody here to annoy me.”
I wondered if that remark was driven by some bitterness he might have felt for Isabella. Perhaps, perhaps not. After all, Manfred always enjoyed places that offered him quiet alternatives to city life. I had believed that was why he liked Cape Terrible, but maybe what he also craved was the fleshy delights provided by his not so lady-like cousin.
I, too, lay back in the sand, and called to mind the tantrum that had preceded Isabella’s departure that day. Her behaviour and extreme language had shocked me, and only confirmed in my mind the disturbed nature of the individual. Then I got to wondering where on earth she was headed in such a hurry, and on foot. Manfred had obviously given her her marching orders, but it was miles back to Dorchester. I knew Mr Carmichael had taken his horse and cart to town so there could be no ride from there. I suspected, however, that this indeed had been her assumption - that she would be able to convince him to take her home. I imagined her fury upon reaching the Carmichael’s, only to find her lift not available.
Manfred and I had our cups of tea then headed off again on our sail around the bay. We approached the heads. There the passage became rough, as the incoming tide grew and the narrow opening struggled to handle the increasing volume of water. After that we headed back, the waters still lively, but calmer the further we sailed away from the heads. By the time we got back to the river’s mouth the stream had widened considerably and risen higher up the banks. The yacht was now only a little below the opening to the shed so winching her in was easy. By this stage the sun was getting low in the western sky, so we locked up the shed and headed for home. I thanked Manfred for a great day out.
It was almost dark by the time we returned, the distant horizon glowing a deep orange in tribute to the sun. The two-storey house stood before us, stark above the cliffs, a dark image against the fading sky. This time I was undaunted by it; in fact it now felt inviting because I knew that until his parents arrived in a couple of days the place belonged to Manfred and I alone. My whole attitude had changed with Isabella gone and I looked forward to the remainder of my time at Cape Terrible. Yet as we climbed the steps to the front porch, with just enough light to allow the distinguishing of the various things, Manfred stopped in his tracks and stared at the door.
“What’s this?” he asked, as much to himself as to me.
I looked, and I, too, could see something protruding from the centre of the wooden door at about head height.
“It’s a dagger,” I exclaimed in horror, and we both carefully approached it.
The blade reflected a dull glow and the handle was black. The weapon was wedged deeply into the timber and it was only after some effort that Manfred was able to dislodge it.
“What could this mean?” he said, dumbfounded, gazing down at the terrible device that lay across his palms. “Who could have done this?”
I looked at the knife. It was a brutal weapon designed for one purpose only and I dared not think of that. It had been thrust into the door with considerable force.
I looked at the door and felt the splintered wood. There was nothing else to indicate a clue, but when Manfred turned the knob the door swung open without the need for his key.
Isabella - the name flashed through my head like a shot - but I did not mention it to Manfred. He would draw his own conclusions and if his thoughts matched mine he would say. He stood before the door, which was only slightly ajar, and was staring down at the knob.
“Perhaps I didn’t lock it,” he said, but without much conviction in his voice.
“You did, Manfred. I saw you do it.”
With his foot, as though afraid to touch the door with his hand, he swung it wide and inward. The darkling hallway opened before us, a motionless assortment of dull shapes and shadows. Only the palest of light leaked in from without, and also from the doorways that opened off the passage. The unlocked front door and the embedded dagger untethered a foreboding in my heart such as I had never known. The feeling was uneasy and heavy as I awaited a more tangible threat to emerge from the silence, from the shadows before us.
Manfred placed his head through the doorway, and it was then that I knew his thoughts were aligned with mine. With both eyes fixed on the gloom of the passage, he called out, “Isabella - Isabella, is that you?”
Not a sound came back. The house remained morbidly still as the blanket of night descended fully behind us.
“Isabella,” he repeated, this time in a firmer voice. “This is not funny, Isabella. If you’re here then answer me.” 
Again, there was nothing in response. The silence did little to allay my fears, for I knew there still might be somebody within. My friend turned to me. As he did, he reached into his pocket and removed the matches we had used earlier that day to light our fire.
“I’ll light the hall candles,” he said, then struck a match and moved towards the first. It was gone; the candleholder stood naked. He quickly moved to the next, then the next. Each one had been stripped of its wax candle. Manfred groaned and returned to me in the doorway.
“They’re all gone,” he said. “What’s the meaning of all this? And there’s no other way of lighting the house.”
“What about the other rooms? Is it worth checking?”
Manfred struck another match and re-entered the hallway, going from there into the lounge. I followed behind like a scared dog. By the time we entered the room the match was dying, so he lit a third. The flash of its ignition brightly lit the room, just long enough for me to see that nobody else was there, but also for long enough to see that all the candles were gone.
Manfred kept a small flask of spirits on the mantle as an accelerant when lighting the open fire. There was wood by the grate, so he quickly heaped it into the fireplace while I scanned my eyes through the dark, every nerve in my body on the highest alert. Then, with the aid of the flask of spirits and the striking of another match, Manfred soon had the fire roaring. The room filled with the dancing light of flame and for a fleeting moment we felt a little more in charge of our situation.
“Manfred,” I said, softly, “I know you fought - you and Isabella - I heard it all from the back of the house. Do you think this is her doing? I admit it was my first thought.”
“I really don’t know,” he replied, I detecting some nervousness in his voice, “but who else could have opened that door?”
“I’m not sure I want to stay here.”
“Where would you have us go?” he said, the flickering flames highlighting in his eyes his own uneasiness.
He then toughened. “She’s not here. She’s just trying to scare us because of our fight.”
“It’s working,” I answered, still feeling meek. “Are there any spare candles anywhere?”
“Good thinking,” he said. “There might be a stash in one of the kitchen drawers.”
He dashed out of the room and into the dark so swiftly that I had no chance of following. I stayed by the fire, watching for any movement and listening for every sound. There followed a clattering from the kitchen and the sound of Manfred riffling through the drawers. Drawer after drawer was opened and closed, and between each action, the fumbling, scratching sound of fingers as he furiously searched. Then, amongst all that distant, scuffling noise, there came a sound that caused my eyes to swing upward, a small thud from above, followed by a couple of quiet steps. My body chilled in the instant - there was surely somebody on the upper floor. A moment later, Manfred reappeared from the gloom and re-entered the lounge.
“There’s none,” he said. “I would have sworn my mother would have kept spares.”
“Manny,” I whispered. 
He looked at me curiously as I indicated the ceiling with my index finger.
“What?”
“There’s somebody up there.” My voice was so quiet that I nearly mouthed the words.
He, too, looked at the ceiling, a ludicrous action, for it was a sound and not a sight that had caught my attention. We both stared intently, neither of us moving as we listened for another noise. Nothing came, but by then we were both sufficiently unnerved by the goings on that we left via the front door, locking it behind us and making our way down the road to the Carmichael residence.
“Why on earth have you brought that?” I asked, seeing the dagger in his right hand.
He looked at me and answered, grimly, “Well, would you have left it behind?”
The mile walk to the Carmichael’s was also unnerving. As the moon had not yet risen, we were engulfed by an uncommon darkness. I kept looking back at the beach house, a black silhouette rising above the horizon, yet itself only slightly darker than the canvas on which it was painted. I thought if I kept watching I might see a light appear in one of the upper windows, but it was not to be, and before long the house was gone and all that remained was the lonely track as it meandered away in front of us. Manfred and I kept close by; the whole way I felt we were being watched, that somebody or something might suddenly pounce from the shadows with the intent of doing us harm.
“The night is unusually still,” said Manfred suddenly, and I realised that we had not spoken for many long minutes. He was right, there was not a breath of wind. I thought back to our first night when I thought the entire house would be blown away.
“At least this way we can hear if anyone approaches,” he added.
“I’m not so sure I would want to,” I said.
Before much longer a dull light appeared, being that from the front window of the Carmichael place.
“Thank God,” I breathed, and we made our way onto the veranda, then knocked at the door.
“Manny, the dagger,” I blurted, seeing it still in his hand.
He quickly placed it under one of the front steps. There was a shuffling inside and Mrs Carmichael opened the door.
“Manfred,” she exclaimed, in a startled voice, “and Alan.”
“Sorry, Mrs Carmichael,” said Manfred. “Alan and I have been sailing today and when we got home I couldn’t find my house key. We’re locked out. Would you mind terribly if we stayed here tonight?”
“Of course not, my boy,” and, swinging the door wide, she invited us both in. I cannot express here in words how grateful I felt towards the woman I had so labelled in my mind as a gossiping busybody. She let us in and was gone in an instant to boil the kettle, directing us into the comfort of the loungeroom. Mr Carmichael was there, seated snugly in one of two cloth-covered club armchairs. He rose when he saw us, wringing Manfred’s hand enthusiastically.
“And you must be Alan,” he said, turning his attention to me. “Miriam has told me all about you.”
Mr and Mrs Carmichael could almost have been brother and sister, so similar did they appear. Both were overweight for their height, which was identical as far as I could tell when finally they stood together. Each was pear shaped, with short, stout legs, and facially they shared the same thick eyebrows and somewhat gnarly nose. It often happens that two people who live together for so long come to look alike. Had Mr Carmichael not been bald the similarity might have been all the more startling.
“Isabella is not with you?” asked Mrs Carmichael as she set down the supper tray on a fine wooden table.
“Ah… no,” replied Manfred. “You’ve not seen her?”
“Not since she arrived, dear. I thought she was staying with you.”
She handed me a cup of tea in the same beautiful china from earlier in the day, then offered a piece of cake from an array she had brought in. With all the goings on, Manfred and I had not eaten since lunch. Had Mrs Carmichael realised that I am sure she would have cooked for us, but the cake served the purpose and between us we ate all that was there.
Manfred explained that his cousin had gone back to Dorchester earlier that day and that she had only planned for a short visit. It was necessary, I could see, to not always apprise Mrs Carmichael of all the facts, what with her undeniable propensity to gossip and surmise. The look that came over her face, however, and the oddly satisfied glance toward her husband, showed that she suspected there was rather more to the story.
“You didn’t see her as she passed by, then?” asked Manfred, putting forward the very question I was about to pose.
“No,” said Mrs Carmichael. “And I would not have missed her if she had.”
This, I could well believe. I noticed the corner of the curtains on the front window was pulled back into what appeared to be a permanent position. It seemed unlikely that anybody or anything had ever passed by this particular house without being seen.
“Do you mean to say she was on foot?” asked Mr Carmichael, leaning forward.
“Yes, she was,” said Manfred. “I thought she might have called in here.”
Both the Carmichaels were now keenly interested, Mr Carmichael putting aside his paper and leaning further forward in his chair.
“She could not walk all the way into Dorchester,” he said, “and the coach doesn’t come today.”
Manfred looked surprised. “I thought the coach came every day, at least as far as the Wilsons.”
“Not anymore,” said Mr Carmichael. “Not since the old man wound the inn back a bit and his daughters moved away. It only runs twice a week now with provisions, and for whoever needs a ride. Otherwise you have to book it.”
“Oh, dear, that poor girl,” exclaimed Mrs Carmichael. “She must have kept on to Dorchester.”
“But you didn’t see her,” reminded Manfred.
“Oh, Lord,” she said, “that’s right.”
Manfred and I looked at each other. This tied in with the idea we shared that Isabella had not left the Cape, that indeed she had returned to the beach house in our absence and so played her little games. I leaned over to Manfred and whispered while the Carmichaels were talking to each other.
“She’s upstairs, I tell you.”
Manfred looked side on to me then forward into the room without saying a word in reply. The conversation for the rest of the night barely got away from the topic of Isabella and her whereabouts. It was not a subject we had wanted to draw attention to, but as her name had come up it had been impossible to avoid. The last thing either of us was about to do, however, was fully inform the Carmichaels of the happenings back at the beach house. I looked across at Manfred on more than one occasion and each time I could see that he was distracted by everything that was happening. His parent’s beach house had been invaded, then seemingly used as a tool to threaten its occupants. Isabella had vanished after a terrible row, yet it seemed she might still be on the Cape, and if she was, and it was her who had orchestrated the goings on at the house, then what, I wondered, was her state of mind?
“Bevis,” said Mrs Carmichael, “I want you to call on Isabella’s parents tomorrow and see if she got home. You’re still going into town, aren’t you?”
“Yes, dear. I’ve got those papers to sign at ten. I can call around after that.”
“You’ll call around beforehand, Bevis - before your appointment - not after.”
Manfred and I looked at each other, both thinking the same thing. The situation could escalate into a search for a missing person if Isabella was not to be found in Dorchester. We needed to be up and gone before Mr Carmichael headed for town the following morning; the beach house would not be so daunting in the broad light of day, no matter what the situation, and with luck we could sort things out.   

Chapter six 

The dawn came on quietly enough, still no wind, and it was the growing light inside the bungalow that woke me. I opened my eyes and could see that Manfred had been awake in his bed for some time. He lay on his back, his hands behind his head, his staring eyes fixed on the ceiling.
“We had better get up,” I said.
Mr Carmichael was already organising his horse and cart for the trip to town. We entered the main house through the back door and saw that Mrs Carmichael was preparing a cooked breakfast for everyone. Manfred and I would rather have headed straight back to the beach house but we could not be rude or ungrateful to this kindly, if rather nosy, old woman. Besides that, a decent meal was what we both needed, and my stomach for one proved the better for it.
We thanked the Carmichaels for their hospitality and headed off at about the same time Mr Carmichael trotted his horse out the gate, promising to tell us of any news regarding Isabella. The sun was rising in the east, the sky turning slowly from grey to pale blue.
We trudged along the road, and soon enough the beach house loomed in the distance, the horizon on the sea just visible beyond the cliff edge.
“Looks normal enough from here,” I said, cautiously.
“We’ll soon see,” said Manfred.
“Did you get the dagger?”
“Yes,” he said, “I grabbed it quickly when I saw my chance.”
The house grew larger as we approached. Daylight or not, the stillness and silence brought shivers of uneasiness. Manfred felt the same, I could tell, for he stopped at the gate and stared.
“Come on,” he said quietly, and I saw in his pocket the butt of the dagger, the blade concealed. I was sure he would not use it on Isabella, but it might not have been Isabella we were dealing with. We approached the front door, and for a short time stood listening for any noise from within. There was nothing, so Manfred tried the knob. The door was still locked, so he quietly used his key to unlock it.
Slowly the door swung in under the weight of Manfred’s gentle push, both of us peering along the deserted passage before entering. We stepped inside and carefully made our way into the first room on the right, that being the lounge. It was just as we had left it the night before except for the fire being out. The candles were missing still, as were those in the hall. From there we entered the kitchen, then each room on the lower floor. Nothing was disturbed save for the missing candles, all of which we discovered heaped into a small pile on the laundry floor. The house was eerie in its emptiness and gave me a ghostly impression - the knowledge that somebody had been there but was now gone.
“Upstairs,” said Manfred, and I followed him up.
We moved along the upper passage, looking into each room in turn and even checking the wardrobes. Nobody was there and everything was ordered, except that Manfred’s bed may have been disturbed. There was nothing to definitely indicate the intruder’s identity, but we still believed it was probably Isabella. Manfred reached for the pillow on his bed. He picked it up and sniffed it.
“Well?”
“Isabella’s perfume, but very faint. It may have been there already from the night before.”
I looked sheepishly around the room.
“You’ll need to get the locks changed, Manny.”
“I suppose you’re right,” he said, “but this could still be just a stupid prank - Isabella’s idea of a practical joke. All I really need to do is get her key back and punish her that way.”
“Manfred,” I said, “there was a dagger lodged in your front door, and so firmly you could barely move it. That doesn’t feel like a practical joke to me, more like a threat.”
He nodded his head, then, in a sudden fit of temper, blurted out, “Bugger this. If this is her doing, she has no right. What kind of a break are we having anyway? Today is another perfect day for sailing but we can’t go. Who knows what we’ll come back to?”
“Manny,” I said, “we still don’t know it was her.”
“She’s the only other one with a key, Alan. Of course it was her.”
I stood staring at Manfred. He was in a state of great agitation.
I said to him, “She’s your girl, Manny, but you think she’s dangerous, don’t you?”
He forced his white knuckles through his hair and grimaced.
“It’s like you said, Alan. It’s the dagger - the dagger in the door. No normal person would do that.”
“So what do we do, Manny? She has to be somewhere around here - somewhere on the Cape.”
Manfred thought for a moment, then said, “We’ll do what we did yesterday, or at least make out that that’s what we’re going to do. We’ll head away from here shortly. This time we can take my father’s fishing rods. For all we know she could be watching the house, waiting for us to go. When we get a little ways along we’ll double back and catch her when she re-enters the house. Then we’ll get some sense out of her.”
We did exactly what Manfred said, even to the point of making our planned destination known to anyone who was listening. Manfred stood out by the front gate, leaning the fishing rods against the fence while I called loudly from the house, wanting to know where we were fishing and what time we would be back. Manfred called back the answers just as loudly, then returned and locked up the house as I came out.
Then we headed off, but soon crept back, keeping low in the long grass and finally taking cover behind a thick copse of bushes. We were not able from there to see the front of the house, but certainly could see if anybody approached from across the barren fields. Directly behind us was the cliff and the frightening drop to the rocky beach below, so we felt sure that we ourselves could not be seen. For more than three hours we kept our vigil, the sun rising high over our heads in the time we were hidden. The now familiar wind began to rise and gust and the shadows of clouds, as they grew and passed under the sun, moved across us with increasing regularity.
“The day is turning bad,” said Manfred, glancing at the sky.
I looked out to the sea behind us. The surface was starting to cut up badly and the waves below us were crashing on the rocks.
“She’s not coming,” he said. “No one is coming. I think Isabella has had her piece of fun at our expense and finally headed home. Come on, we may as well go back to the house before we get blown from the top of the cliff.”
We came out from our hiding place and trudged back to the house. The wind was now fierce and blowing us sideways. Manfred was ahead me and could barely hear my words when I spoke.
“What did you say?” he called back.
“I said, I thought I saw somebody.”
I pointed across the long field grass that stretched away to the east, that rose and fell through the undulations of the land. As far as the eye could see the wheat-coloured grasses moved in unison, like rolling waves on the ocean or a battalion of soldiers moving on a battlefield.
Manfred came back and stood beside me.
“You think you saw somebody?”
“Maybe - I don’t know. I thought I saw somebody way across there, from the corner of my eye. There was a darkness amongst all that yellow, but it vanished in the moment I looked up. Perhaps it was nothing. Perhaps it was just debris being blown in the wind.”
We both looked but saw nothing move, save for the swaying grasses. Manfred glanced uneasily in my direction before continuing on and into the house. I headed straight for the kitchen and lit the stove. It would take a little while for the wood to get hot enough for the kettle, and we would keep it burning for our meals later on. While the water was heating I replaced all the candles in preparation for that night. I noticed Manfred used chain locks on the insides of both the front and rear doors.
“Short of stacking up furniture it’s about all we can do,” he said.
The kettle boiled and we took our drinks into the lounge, where we both peered out through the window and across the wide fields. The windowpane flexed with the wind and the entire house rattled and shook. It blew under the eaves and all about the roof, and in so doing made the most haunted and ghostly sounds.
I said, “My God, that’s really getting up, isn’t it?”
Manfred nodded, “If this keeps up an intruder could break in tonight with an axe and we’d never hear it.”
The afternoon passed uneasily as the weather worsened. The sun was gone from the sky and the day darkened dramatically as heavy rain clouds massed and hung low overhead. Soon they emptied on the Cape, and the wild wind blew the rain against the windows and under the doors. It was as though the gods were conspiring to disallow us any peace on our break. I was not looking forward to the night and longed to be back in my comfortable college or at home with my parents. Despite the storm, the place would not have been quite so frightening had it not been for the rude surprise we had received the day before following our sailing adventure, and the subsequent uneasiness brought on by its mystery.
As darkness descended fully the storm adopted a whole new malevolence, not that it further intensified, just that night seemed to give it a more sinister presence. Manfred and I moved to the kitchen and cooked our basic meal of salted meat and vegetables. The front door would periodically emit a series of loud bangs as though being beaten on by somebody without. My heart would race each time this happened, though I knew it to be caused by the wild squall outside.
After we had eaten we returned to the lounge, having relit the open fire as the temperature fell. The house was vibrating wildly and resonating to the effects of the savage weather.
“How about a game of cards?” suggested Manfred.
“Yes,” I said. “It’s either that or be driven completely mad in this place.”
We broke out the deck and played a variety of games until late into the night. The storm slowly abated as we played, but so absorbed were we that neither of us noticed, not until we became suddenly aware of the fresh quietness.
“Thank God for that,” said Manfred, casting his eyes around. Then, looking at the time, he announced he was turning in. This was the time of the night I was dreading most - the time when we would head upstairs, leaving the lower section of the house unguarded while we slept. I was not entirely sure I would be able to sleep that night in any case, but at least felt grateful that the storm was gone. I bade Manfred goodnight and followed him up the stairs, each of us heading to our own rooms.
I lay in bed that night and extinguished the candle alongside of me. The full darkness engulfed the room, but within seconds my eyes had adjusted to take in the vague light from outside, seen in the shape of the window. The rain had stopped completely and the wind had backed off to just an occasional gust. My eyes were wide open, my ears listening intently. It was not a conscious thing for me to do this but it seemed that recent events had conditioned me. My hearing was trained on the ground floor, listening for any sound that might come from below. I was so glad the storm had ceased. The situation might otherwise have been unbearable, for as Manfred had said, we could have been broken into and never heard it.
The more I thought over the situation the more I thought Manfred was right - the intruder had been Isabella - and now that her fun was had, or perhaps her need for revenge satisfied, she had made her way home. And yet my mind was still not eased, for I lay there awake, waiting for somebody or something that might never come. Manfred had apparently relaxed more easily; his faint snoring could soon be heard from the next room. It was a sound that might have calmed me, but instead made me realise that mine were now the only ears on duty, and so for a good while I lay there awake, staring at the black of the ceiling.
As the reader, you will recall that earlier in this narrative I mentioned a second inexplicable event that was yet to come, and lying there in bed that night, I had no idea the horrific things destined to occur, the stage now readied for something beyond belief. What lay ahead that night was to prove both incredible and terrifying.
For more than an hour I had been awake in the darkness of the bedroom, feeling nervous and ill at ease. Sleep would not come as I listened intently for any sound that might be there, for any rattle or creak of timber, any footfall on the stairs. Thank God for the passing of the storm. I felt so grateful it was gone, for the house had now gone quiet, and that quietness was at least bringing with it some small degree of peace.
My eyelids at last grew heavy until I could no longer keep them apart, and over the next few minutes I began to drift, until finally I was almost asleep. And it was from that moment on that the unthinkable began, an event even more bizarre and frightening than that of the first night.
Initially it was just a peculiar sensation in my nose, but slowly I realised it was an odour, a dreadful, foul odour that was pulling me back from the brink of slumber. My conscious mind steadily returned as the stench in the room grew worse. The dreadful smell was building in my nostrils, getting stronger, dragging me back from any chance of sleep. It was sickly and rancid and ever more pungent as each second passed. When my eyes finally flicked open they were drawn immediately to the dull glow of the window, for before that window was a most peculiar thing, and surely the source of the smell. A dark vapour wisped and swirled by the glass. As I watched the vision my heart pounded from fear, finally thumping so hard that I thought I might die from the pain it brought. Before me the most incredible thing was now unfolding. In horror and disbelief I watched the dark vapour as it rolled and weaved before the window, then came together as a form, taking on the unmistakeable shape of a woman. In a cold sweat I realised the return of my visitor, surely, though this time the vision was dreadful, and as my mouth gaped with fear, I found myself muted in shock.
My heart continued to pound as I grappled for the sides of the bed. From the moment I set my eyes upon her she seemed to know it and began her move towards me. She drifted over to me, then above me as before; yet this was not like the previous encounter; the presence this time was vague and indefinite, coming over me like a mist, a black, featureless vapour. She hung above, floating, and when she moved over my body it was with no sensation of being whatever, no sensation of weight. It was then that she reached forth her hand and touched the side of my face, her touch a cool, damp breeze, and the whole while her own face barely inches from mine, an outline, vaporous, a silhouette and nothing more. For a brief moment she seemed to study me, until finally in a mad fit of terror I tried to push her away, yet when I did I found there was nothing there to push, for my hands passed right through. There was no substance to her at all, just a creeping sensation of particles floating above me in a horrible mist. And it was at that moment, from somewhere deep within that awful black mist, that there came to me a voice - a faint, yet discernible voice.
“Help me.”
I gasped at the sound and again tried desperately to push the apparition away. As I did she rose quickly to the ceiling, hung above me in that vague swirling shape of a woman. And it was a shape I knew only too well. Yet instinctively I knew that the form that hung above me, that so reminded me of Isabella, was in fact Yvette, her long departed sister.
Then, this time from the ceiling, the voice came again.
“Avenge me.”
The sound chilled my already quaking body.
At that moment the howl of my terror finally roared from somewhere deep within me, a primal, involuntary response, so loud and so reverberating that it sent the apparition away, back to the window from where it first appeared, where, an instant later, it shrank back into itself and was gone.  

Staring holes at the window, I gasped so hard that it hurt. I hurled myself up and out of the bed, and with fumbling, shaking hands, groped for the candle.
“Manfred,” I screamed, in a loud, hoarse voice, “Manfred.” 
But he was already there and I had not seen him enter. He had rushed from his room when he heard my first cry of terror but was too late on entering to have witnessed what I saw.
“What? What?” he cried, fumbling also for a candle. Finally the candle glowed and the room flickered with uncertain light. By then I was sprawled on the floor in a paroxysm of fear, jamming myself into the corner of the room, the full impact of what had happened fully striking me. I could hear my own gasping, my emitting of such noises as never before had I made, my lungs struggling for breath and my heart still pounding. 
“Oh, my God. Oh, my God,” was all I could get out, Manfred completely at a loss as to what had happened. Finally I blurted, “This place is haunted,” the truth of it striking me again and causing me to gasp further. Manfred was staring down at me, confused and bug-eyed.
“Haunted?”
“Yes, Yes,” I screamed. “Smell it - Smell it.”
The odour remained in the room, ghastly and death-like. It was like no smell I had ever known.
Manfred nodded. “I smell it.”  
A strange relief at that moment, for it was then that I knew I was not mad.
I was trembling, unable to stop, as Manfred helped me into a chair. His touch chilled me, the way it might have had I been fevered. Violent, icy spasms coursed endlessly throughout my body and I lurched at each new onset.
“Come with me,” he said, his eyes still wide. “Come on downstairs. I’ll make us both a drink. You can tell me what happened.”
“I can never stay here again,” I said in a rush. “I can never close my eyes under this roof again.”
As he helped me down the stairs the darkness terrified me. I hung onto him all the way to the lower passage, where he lit the hall candles. I was on a razor’s edge and every shadow and flickering of light caused me to jump.
Manfred placed a hot coffee before me and yet I could barely hold it. Rather than my nerves settling, they seemed to grow worse and my shaking continued. He sat across from me and talked very quietly, without trying to extract too much in return. He asked me to sip my drink and assured me that everything was now fine. He seemed to know just what to do, and in time I felt myself beginning to calm.
We did not return upstairs that night. Manfred lit every candle on the lower floor and made the house as bright as it could be. I felt fevered, my body alternating between unbearable burning heat and shivering coldness. In the hours before dawn I told my entire story to Manfred - of the mysterious dream-like encounter of that first night, the arrival of Isabella, the connection I felt between her and the previous night’s visitor - and of course, the details of this night’s encounter as I have here described. He wanted to know why I had delayed in telling him what had happened that first night.
“I was embarrassed,” I answered. “I wasn’t even sure it really happened. Then I met Isabella, and everything about her suggested that it was her who had come to my room, everything from her hair, her build, the very way she carried herself - her perfume, for God’s sake. It was all the same. Then I suspected a relationship between you and her, and I wondered if she had not taken me believing it was you, especially after she had said she stayed at the Carmichael’s that night. She could easily have come here and let herself in. Surely you can see why I kept quiet about it.”
Manfred’s face grew more pale and serious throughout my explanation.
“But surely she wouldn’t confuse us, even in the dark,” he said.
“That’s what I thought.”
“And she knows which is my room.”
“Of course.”
For a minute we both sat silent, then Manfred spoke again.
“Even if she had confused us, Isabella would have mentioned an encounter she thought we’d had when she arrived the next day. She would have brought it up in private. You went off for a walk - she would have mentioned it then. She said nothing to me at all. Are you sure this really happened?”
“Something happened Manny.”
Manfred, too, was confused by that first encounter.
“Manfred,” I said, “I just don’t know what to make of Isabella. I truly think there’s something wrong with her. For one thing, she deliberately revealed herself two mornings ago in the lounge, then cried and yelled when I wasn’t impressed. I think she’s a very insecure person, or worse yet, unbalanced.”
“Revealed herself?”
“Yes. She allowed her robe to gape open. She was quite naked.”
For just a moment Manfred looked angry - not with me, I think, but with her. He ran his fingers through his hair, his eyes glazed over, and he became deeply thoughtful. I think he realised in his own mind that Isabella was far from right, and did not have to say as much, for his look told me so.
“This entity,” he said, in a low voice, “this vapour - are you sure of it?”
“Yes, Manny,” I said, “about that, I am sure. As for what happened that first night, perhaps it will always confuse me - but with regard to what happened here tonight, I have no doubt whatever. I tell you Manny - that was a ghost.”
I felt chills run up my spine as I said the word.
Manfred looked hard and long at me, searching it seemed for truth in my eyes.
“For God’s sake Manfred. You smelled it - that terrible stink in the room. What did you think that was?”
He shook his head.
“It’s too inconceivable,” he finally said. “You said the thing spoke to you. What did it say?”
“Help me - avenge me. For Pete’s sake Manfred, that thing was Yvette.”
Like mine, Manfred’s body chilled at my words. I could tell from where I sat.
“But Alan, you never knew Yvette.”
“You have to trust me on this, Manfred - it was her. That first night might well have been her, too. There was the similarity to Isabella, and the whole inexplicable nature of the way it all unfolded. But as for what happened tonight, I have no doubt whatever. It was Yvette. That horrible black vapour - it formed into her shape - Isabella’s shape. It was unmistakable. I mean, think about it. They were twins.”
Manfred sat in silence, seemingly unable to quite grasp all that was being suggested.
On several occasions he went to say something but stopped. Finally he spoke.
“Help me, - avenge me. What could she mean by that?”
“What could she mean? Well, I have a thought about that, Manny - a terrible thought.”
“What?”
“There’s no easy way to put this, Manny, but do you think it possible that Yvette’s death was no accident?”
His face grew paler yet in the low candlelight.
“You don’t mean…Isabella?”
I nodded.
“You know that Mrs Carmichael has always believed Isabella did it, and apparently the belief is common enough.”
Manfred gave a laugh, but it was one of those unconvincing laughs we give when we suspect we are beaten.
His face then became long and drawn, and for a moment I thought he was going to cry. He admitted then that he, too, had secretly wondered the same thing.
“I never really took my suspicion seriously. It always lurked, just a lingering doubt in the back of my mind. But surely not. Not Isabella.”
He sat lost in his own thoughts for quite a time while I made him another coffee.
“But it’s ridiculous,” he eventually said, with a sudden and renewed strength in his voice. “It can’t be so. I just don’t believe in ghosts.”
At the very moment he said it, there came from upstairs the sound of a door as it slammed shut. We both heard it. Then came a low rumbling sound which lasted perhaps a second. The chill that passed through me at that moment was like a blast of cold air from an open window. I looked at Manfred and spoke.
“I don’t believe in ghosts either, Manny - but I believe in this one.”
From that moment on there came low sounds that continued throughout the small hours, scraping sounds and banging. Most frightening of all was a low guttural rumble we would occasionally hear - an unsettled sound, like the roll of distant thunder. Sometimes the sounds would come in rapid succession; other times there were long periods of silence. At one point the different sounds ran together, frenzied and chaotic. Manfred and I could do nothing but wait it out, neither of us leaving the safety of the kitchen until the grey of dawn finally leaked feebly into the house. By the time natural light filled the rooms we had not heard a sound for almost an hour. The relief dawn brought with it is difficult here to describe. We both took deep breaths and looked across the table at each other. Manfred was a wreck, and I suspect that to his eyes I appeared little different.
“What in God’s name are we going to do?” he asked, surely not expecting me to know. I didn’t answer, just rubbed my face instead, out of fatigue and agitation.
“We can’t stay here, that’s for sure,” I said. “Why hasn’t this ever happened before? It’s nearly two years since Yvette died.”
“I don’t know,” said Manfred. “Perhaps it’s you.”
“Me? Why me? I have no connection. Isn’t it more likely that Yvette would target you?”
“She might not trust me because of my involvement with Isabella.”
At that point Manfred’s forehead fell into his palms.
“Oh, my God,” he said, “could Isabella really have done this? Could she really have killed her own sister?"
I felt very confused and I’m sure my face showed it. I puffed out my cheeks and slowly exhaled before speaking again.
“I don’t know,” I said, “but I swear something happened up there at that waterfall, Manny, something that nobody knows about. Yvette is angry. Her death was wrong and she wants it avenged. Isabella was the only other one up there when it happened. What else could it mean?”

The question of ‘why me?’ was something that bothered me long after these events had played out. I took to reading extensively on matters concerning the occult, where it was theorised that a small percentage of people possess a particular energy that allows them to receive the dead into their lives. Though I have never since experienced any similar circumstance, I reasoned that perhaps in this instance I had proved suitable as somebody through whom Yvette could channel her discontent. Having taken this as my hypothesis, it then interested me that Manfred had also been privy to the same frightening sounds that travelled from upstairs on that night. Indeed, he had also caught the tail end of that rancid odour. My only thought is that once the supernatural gateway (if there can be such a thing) was unlocked, Yvette was unleashed and free to exist, to some extent, in the more tangible world.

It was perhaps an hour after sunrise when Manfred and I finally ascended the stairs to the upper floor. I cannot explain how frightened I was. The house was now in a state of complete silence, the light of day having filled the rooms, and yet the thought of facing the upstairs area was almost beyond me. I felt that somewhere on that upper floor lurked that ghostly presence, that somewhere in one of the rooms Yvette, in one form or another, must be, perhaps visible, perhaps not. At any moment I would see her or feel her, and the fright of it would stop my heart.
Thankfully there was nothing of the sort. My room was still in the same state of disarray as when I left it, displaying the evidence of some urgent and frantic event. The dreadful odour that accompanied the incident remained, but only faintly, and so I opened the window to clear it. Everything else upstairs appeared normal, and yet the impression I received in being on that floor was one of utmost uneasiness. Whether it was my imagination or just the residue of shock, I felt the upper floor was now an entity unto itself and existed in some cognitive way of its own.
I quickly grabbed the things from my room and stuffed them into my bag, announcing once more that I could not stay in the house. The same ghastly chills I had been feeling for hours were there again as I turned to leave the room. There were eyes watching from every corner, from within every shadow, and I could not descend from the upper floor quickly enough.
Manfred and I were halfway down the stairs when an urgent knocking came at the front door. It’s amazing when one’s nerves are frayed how startling such a simple thing can be. We looked at each other and then headed along the passage, Manfred cracking the door but not unhooking the chain until we knew who was there. He then quickly swung the door wide and admitted Mr and Mrs Carmichael into the hallway and then the lounge.
“Nobody has seen her,” announced Mrs Carmichael, quickly. “Bevis went to the Muller’s house yesterday morning and again last night before he came home.”
At that point Bevis Carmichael broke into the conversation, directing his words at Manfred and saying how worried Manfred’s Aunt Eva was over their daughter’s disappearance.
“What about Uncle Herman?” asked Manfred. “What does he think?”
“Your uncle was out all yesterday afternoon trying to find where Isabella might be. He apparently came home from work as soon as he heard she was missing. If she doesn’t arrive this morning the police are going to mount a search. We will probably get a visit from them here at the Cape. After all, this was the last place Isabella was seen.”
“And by you, my boy,” added Mrs Carmichael, looking upon Manfred with the same annoying, superior face she would so often assume, and again displaying that strange drawn in mouth that so resembled that most unspeakable part of a chicken’s anatomy. Manfred did not offer the Carmichaels a drink but thanked them for their information. Both parties promised to keep the other informed of any developments. With that, our visitors left, and from the front porch we watched as their trusty horse headed them down the road towards their home. Manfred sat on the top step with his face in his hands.
“This is too much,” he said. “Isabella is missing - perhaps because of our fight - the whole business last night as well - God knows what to make of that - and the dagger in the door. It just goes on. It’s insane.” Then he looked up at me and added, “And on top of all that, Isabella might have killed her sister.”
“Who now seeks revenge,” I added, quietly.
Despite everything I was relieved to be outside the house, even though we were only on the front steps. Manfred remained seated as I looked up and about, at the tall walls and the upper level windows. I felt a shudder at the sight of them and looked away, knowing the frightening entity that surely possessed that upper floor. As I stood I found myself reliving the terrifying episode of a few hours earlier, my open eyes seeing nothing of the gently swaying fields that lay before me. Rather, my mind was playing over the nightmare - the voice, the rancid smell, the mist that gathered and swirled in the window’s half-light, a swirling black mist that tragically, it seemed, had once been a young woman, a woman now reduced to a ghastly unthinkable presence.
And it was then, as I thought of that, that I began to feel terribly saddened. So absorbed had I been by the horror that had confronted me in the night that I had failed to see the event from any other perspective. A young girl was dead, and for whatever reason, it now seemed she was trying to communicate with me, presenting herself in the only way she was evidently able. Who could hope to understand the incredible effort such a thing might require? Deliberately, I deleted the horror from my mind and looked at the facts, trying to stand outside of myself for a moment. The fact was, this entity, Yvette as I believed her to be, had pleaded for help from out of whatever strange world it was that held her. She had asked for her death to be avenged - for what else could those words have meant? And the more her words played over in my mind the sadder they seemed to sound. Suddenly, all I could hear was the sorrow in her voice. To my mind, as I stood on the steps of that strangely haunted house, there could no longer be any doubt - Yvette had not died by accident but by the wrongful misdeed of another.
Manfred spoke at that point and I was jerked back to reality, realising then how absorbed in my own thoughts I had been.
“We have to find her,” he said.
I looked down at him as he turned, he looking back up at me.
“Well, what else can we do?” he asked.
I shrugged and answered him.
“I don’t know. But you’re right - Isabella needs to be found. Where could she possibly have gone?”    


Chapter seven

With some slight trepidation I followed Manfred back into the house and we made ourselves something to eat. We headed off after that, not knowing to where exactly but simply following our instincts and Manfred’s best judgement as to where his cousin might be.
We started out across the sweeping fields of dry and yellow grass, heading east into the sun, I having reminded Manfred of the previous day when, from the corner of my eye, I thought I had seen someone.
“There are some old stone huts out there,” he said, pointing with his finger in that same direction. “They date back to prehistoric times. They’re scattered for miles across the land.”
I looked out over the acres of billowing grass, seeing nothing else.
“You won’t see them from here,” he said. “They tend to be nestled in sheltered hollows, out of the wind.”
“You think Isabella might have holed up in one of those?”
“I don’t know. She was in such a state when she left. And you did say you thought you saw someone out there in the distance.”
I cast my eye again across the barren vista.
“I couldn’t imagine your cousin - not that I know her very well - subjecting herself to such primitive conditions.”
“Nor I,” said Manfred, “but it is possible she’s out there. Who knows what state she might be in? You should have heard the way she screamed when I asked her to leave.”
“I did, remember?”
“Oh, yes, of course. She was so angry. I really don’t know what to think. I suppose she could be out here somewhere. Poor Isabella - out here somewhere, maybe in some strange state of mind, hiding away from everybody.”
My thought, as I followed Manfred, was more that she might be unpredictable and dangerous.
The two of us seemed to be covering ground quickly. I took a look behind to see how far we had come. Only the very top of the beach house was still in view, we had travelled so far already across the vast field. The terrain rose and fell over what initially appeared as fairly flat land, and more than once I almost tripped as it dropped away suddenly, the depressions and hollows hidden in the long grass.
In time, all the signs of civilisation were gone. There were no fences, no houses - nothing man-made as far as the eye could see, until eventually, in a low hollow, a small pile of misshapen rocks appeared. I quickly realised that this was one of those ancient homes Manfred had mentioned. As we approached, it was clear the crude dwelling had known no occupant for untold years, and yet I was greatly taken by how well each of the different shaped stones came together, fitting snugly and strongly, the building giving off quite an impression of engineering integrity.
“She doesn’t appear to have been here,” said Manfred, “and this is the nearest of the old buildings. Perhaps if we check the next two as well, just to be sure. Neither are more than a few hundred yards away.”
The two of us moved on, the next structure also showing no signs of recent occupation, nor the third - indeed it being too weathered and broken to have been used at all. Manfred cast his eye around the grassy horizon.
“She wouldn’t have gone further than this,” he said. “Why would she, when either of the first two huts would have served her purpose?”
“Perhaps we should head back,” I suggested. “We could go beyond the Carmichael’s place and ask the other neighbours if they’ve seen her. What about the Wilsons next door?”
Manfred shook his head.
“I’m quite sure the Wilsons know all about her disappearance already, but maybe we could head down to the boat shed. Who knows? She could be there somewhere.”
Before long we had wandered back as far as the first stone-age hut. I turned to face Manfred and then sat on a large block of stone near the entrance.
“Who’s to say she’s anywhere near here, Manfred? She could be staying with other people, friends perhaps, in Dorchester. But then again, if that was the case, why not just go home?”
Manfred rubbed his face and scratched his fingers through his dishevelled hair.
“I don’t know,” he said. “The fact is that Mrs C never saw Isabella go by, but then again, she couldn’t possibly see everyone, despite what she says. Secondly, Mr C told us that Uncle Herman has been trying to find her. That means he would have checked all her known places, and her friends. Any that he missed, Aunt Eva would have checked. God help Isabella if Uncle Herman finds her first.”
“They don’t get on?”
Manfred gave me a grim look.
“He’s a pretty humourless man, Alan.  Like I said before, if he drinks then watch out for him. Since Yvette died he’s seen Isabella become a lot more assertive, even rebellious, and I think he fears she might head down that same path as her sister.”
“I admit Isabella was not what I expected.”
It was then that Manfred came over and sat next to me.
“I suppose I portrayed her in the way I’d always known her,” he said. “The fact is, she’s changed a lot since Yvette’s death. She has steadily grown away from her parents, particularly her father, to the point where she now seems to seek every opportunity to avoid him. This has maddened him at times, but let’s face it, Isabella is a grown woman now and will soon be beyond his control. And look at us, Alan. Here we are, theorising that Isabella murdered her sister, yet I know she felt terrible pain when Yvette died, and it was that pain that drove her into therapy. I have no idea what degree of blame Uncle Herman attributed to Isabella, but I could certainly imagine him being cruel enough when the mood, or the drink, was upon him. It was mainly to escape him that she was given her own key to the beach house.”
“He sounds like a brute.”
Manfred nodded. “He could well be. My parents have long suspected his ill-treatment of Aunt Eva, but it’s only in recent times that they’ve told me so. Isabella has never said a thing about him, good or bad, but I must say, the women in his family do seem to fear him.”
“So you’ve never asked Isabella about any of this?”
“No, not directly. I’ve given her opportunities but she has always been quick to turn to other topics. It’s little things that arouse suspicion, like the way Aunt Eva will often keep her full arms and neck hidden securely under clothes, to the point where she perspires in the heat. We think she’s hiding bruises. She once had a heavy bruise about her eye and mother found her reason for it a bit hard to believe. There’s also a constant glance she gives towards Uncle Herman when she speaks - Isabella does it too - as if to seek approval for what they’re saying. There’s certainly fear - you can see it.”
After our talk, Manfred and I headed back the way we had come, the beach house looming closer with every step. We went right on by, and in accordance with Manfred’s idea made our way along the cliff tops and on towards the boat shed. We got to the point where the cliff gave way to that more gentle descent, the only place where it was possible to find one’s way safely down to the beach.
Manfred stopped suddenly before me and reached down. There was a piece of brightly coloured cloth caught in the dry and jagged branches of a small shrub. He pulled it free and studied it, then showed it to me.
“I think this is hers,” he said. “She was wearing a dress made of this when she left.”
I thought back to the earlier scene, the one where I peeked out from behind the house and saw Isabella marching down the road in a fury of rage.
“I think you’re right,” I agreed. “She must certainly have doubled back on her tracks at some point to have caught her dress here.”
Manfred placed the fabric in his pocket and we made our careful descent to the beach, keeping our eyes peeled for any further evidence. We eventually came to the bay, then to the mouth of the Lockington River. Nowhere along the way did we see any other clue that might have indicated Isabella’s whereabouts.
Soon enough we reached the boathouse. Manfred had left the key behind but he peeked between the doors and it was obvious Isabella was not there.
“She could hardly have gotten in then re-locked it from the outside,” I said.
“I know,” said Manfred. “I just had to look.”
We then checked two other boat sheds in the immediate area but there was no indication Isabella had visited either.
“Would she have gone up to the falls?”
“I doubt it,” replied Manfred. “There’s really nowhere up there she could have stayed. Besides, she once said she would never go there again. As far as I know, she’s never been back since the day Yvette died.”
I cast my eye around one final time.
“Well,” I said, “there’s not much point remaining here. Should we head back?”
Manfred nodded and the pair of us made our way back the way we had come. The climb back to level ground above the cliffs was arduous and seemed to take much longer than had our descent, but once our climb was completed, the walking again became easier. Then, as the beach house loomed steadily into view, it was obvious we had visitors. There was a cart with two horses parked out front and another smaller cart nearby, it drawn by a single animal.
Two police officers were checking around the outside of the house, but it was a grizzle-haired, middle-aged man who charged straight up to us, instantly accosting Manfred in the most aggressive way.
“Where is she, Manfred?” he bellowed, completely ignoring my presence. “What have you done with her, you smart young bastard?”
I could not believe the immediate barrage of abuse and accusation that poured from the mouth of the man who was so obviously Isabella’s father. He poked his strong, thick finger into Manfred’s chest, stood an inch from him, and again demanded his answers.
By then the two police officers were hurrying over and soon forged a safe gap between the pair.
“And who are you, lad?” asked one of Manfred.
“Manfred Stein, sir. I’m Isabella’s cousin.”
“Then you know why we’re here?” said the other policeman.
“Of course I know,” said Manfred, glaring back at his Uncle. “We’ve been out all morning looking for her.”
Herman Muller stood back, eyeing his nephew with angry suspicion. It was only then that he seemed to notice me and his attention switched my way. Immediately I felt an awful chill in the coldness of his grey eyes. I returned his stare for as long as I was comfortably able, but his will was stronger than mine and I looked away. He was a muscular, thick set man with arms like tree trunks, huge gnarled hands at their ends, hands that had obviously become that way through years of hard, manual labour. His belly hung somewhat over his belt and his round, broad head sat directly atop his shoulders, seemingly with no neck in between. His face was weathered and lined, with no humour about the mouth, and it would appear he had rarely if ever smiled. And yet of all the features of Herman Muller to strike me that day, it was those terrible grey eyes that I remember most.
“And when did you see her last?” asked the first officer. He was the older of the two and the more senior in his ranking.
“The day before yesterday,” replied Manfred. “We argued and she stormed off up the road.” He then pointed the way back to Dorchester.
“You let her walk?” bit Herman Muller, savagely.
Manfred went to say something in reply but the senior officer spoke first.
“What was it you argued about?”
Manfred looked uncomfortable, his face starting to redden as he answered.
“It was a private matter. It can’t have any bearing on where she is now.”
“Ha,” bellowed Herman. “Lovers - that’s what you are. I see it in Isabella’s eyes when she speaks of you. If my daughter has come to any harm by your doing, my boy, I’ll see you hang for it.”
“Uncle Herman, please,” said Manfred,  “I’m as worried as you are.”
“Then why let her go on foot? The walk to Dorchester is miles.”
“I thought there was a coach that went as far as the Wilson’s place each day. Then I found out from the Carmichaels that it no longer runs every day unless it’s booked.”
“I could have told you that.”
“Well, I wish somebody had,” said Manfred, bitterly. “Surely Isabella should have known. She comes from Dorchester, for Pete’s sake.”
“And so do you.”
“Well, yes, but I’m away at university, Uncle Herman. I don’t know every in and out.”
The policeman broke back into the discussion, again demanding to know the nature of the argument. This time Manfred answered.
“My friend here - Alan - had come to stay, but once Isabella arrived, three became a crowd. Isabella is here all the time, but as this was Alan’s only ever visit, I asked Isabella to go. She became hysterical at that, yelling and screaming at me. Then she grabbed a few things, threw them in a bag and left. I tried to stop her from leaving in such a state, but she took a swing at me and stormed away. There was nothing I could do.”
“And what is your full name, lad?” the younger officer asked, turning to me.
“Alan Robertson, sir,” I replied.
“And you can confirm what young Manfred here is saying?”
“I’d been out for a walk but returned just in time to hear the last of Isabella’s tirade and then saw her march away. So, yes, what Manfred says is true.”
Manfred suddenly dived his hand into his pocket and pulled out the torn piece of cloth.
“We found this, this morning,” he said, handing it to one of the officers. “It matches the dress she wore when she left. It had caught on a branch.”
The two policemen and Herman Muller all examined the fabric. The senior officer then asked us to show them where we had found it. Manfred and I took the three men to the spot, explaining that we had searched for Isabella as far as the boat shed, and also across the fields, and at the sites of the prehistoric huts.
“And you say she was headed back to Dorchester when she left in such a temper?”
“Yes, but she was not seen going by the Carmichael house, and Mrs Carmichael doesn’t normally miss such things.”
It was then agreed that Isabella had, for whatever reason, doubled back.
“Have you lads checked the beach below?” asked one of the officers, indicating with his eyes that which lay along the bottom of the cliffs.
“No,” said Manfred, and a look of sudden horror came over his face. “We only headed west to the bay, and to the mouth of the Lockington River where the boat shed lies. You don’t think she might have fallen from the cliff?”
“It’s a possibility,” said the senior officer. “We’ll check it out. But tell me something, lads - If Isabella did double back, you would surely have seen her yourselves. Did she not come back to the house?”
“Alan and I went sailing,” replied Manfred.
“Sailing? And whose yacht is it?”
“My father’s.”
“And this yacht is kept in a boatshed somewhere on the bay?”
“Yes. The boatshed is just along the river, just up from its mouth.”
“And Isabella did not go along with you when you sailed? Perhaps she fell from the boat and you’re not telling us?”
“Of course she didn’t,” said Manfred, tersely.
Herman Muller had wandered off and was looking over the edge to the sand and rocks below. The senior officer looked over to him, then back to us.
“He would be a very bad man to fall foul of, lads,” he said, quietly. “So be sure you’re telling us the absolute truth here. Now, is there anything else we should know?”
“Yes,” said Manfred quickly, and he relayed to the policeman the story of the dagger in the door - how it was there when we returned from sailing and how somebody - we assumed Isabella - had been in the house and removed all the candles.
The officer made detailed notes of all these things but did not ask to see the dagger. He was looking a little bewildered by it all. He thanked us for our help and asked that we might assist in a search at the base of the cliffs. We agreed, and Herman Muller came along as well. We headed west, then made our way down, then turned back in an easterly direction. The sand was narrow and interspersed with areas of rock. In certain places it was difficult to get through and onto the next section of beach. We kept a lookout all the while, up and down the cliffs and amongst the rocks and sand, but no trace of Isabella was found. We must have gone a mile or more when it was agreed there was nothing more to be gained.
“Of course the tide has been in and out a few times,” said the senior officer. He turned to Herman Muller, gripping his shoulder with his hand.
“You know, Herman - if she did fall, she might have been taken out to sea. You should prepare yourself for that possibility. I suspect we’ll know soon enough. Remains normally wash up somewhere within a few days.”
Herman slowly nodded his head, then cast those formidable grey eyes on Manfred.
It was then that the five of us headed back and embarked on the tiring climb to the top of the cliffs, nothing being said the entire way. When we got back to where the horses were tethered, the police took a quick look through the house then announced they would be calling that day on the remaining neighbours in the vicinity to see whether anybody had seen Isabella.
Before leaving they took full contact details from both Manfred and myself in case we were needed again. They then headed off, as Herman Muller prepared for his own departure. We stood aside, watching him as he readied his horse and cart, and as he took his seat he turned and spoke once more to Manfred.
“You better pray she turns up quickly, Manfred, or I swear to you now, you will rue this day.”
With that he cracked the reins and his horse pulled away. Manfred and I stood staring. We watched as his cart disappeared, as the gentle plume of dust that trailed from behind slowly faded away to nothing.
I remember feeling terribly unsettled when Herman Muller left us that day. It was not just the aggression he displayed, for that might be understood in any father deeply worried about his daughter. No, it was something more; there was an underlying bitterness in the man, a cruelness of nature that chilled me, and it reflected so in his eyes.
We were staring down the road long after our visitors had gone, both of us lost in our own thoughts. Eventually I turned to Manfred and spoke.
“Where on earth could she be, Manny?”
He didn’t answer, but instead headed for the house. After a momentary hesitation, I followed him.
“Come on,” he said, “it’s broad daylight. Surely we can go inside. I need something to drink, a coffee, and we can talk this whole thing over.”
My eyes focused instinctively on the upper windows as I followed Manfred up the steps. I was still reluctant to again set foot inside, yet I did, and the pair of us then took our seats at the kitchen table. The place was silent, eerily so, and I still sensed that tragic presence upstairs.
“How do you like my uncle?” he asked.
“I don’t,” I answered.
“Well, you’re not alone,” said Manfred. “He has very few friends, really just some men at the German Club, the same men he works with. There’s not many of them, and from what my father says, they are all very much like Uncle Herman.”
“I don’t quite understand,” I said. “Your father is German, and so is your Uncle Herman, but it’s their wives who are sisters.”
“And their parents were Italian. What a mixed breed we are. Some people have assumed my father and Uncle Herman are blood-related, because of the similar German accent. In fact they’re both members of the German Club in Dorchester, and it was at one of the club functions, many years ago, that Uncle Herman met Aunt Eva. My parents were already going out at the time and on this one night my mother decided to bring Aunt Eva along. My father was horrified later when he heard that she and Herman were seeing each other. He knew of his excessive drinking and rough nature and also knew him to be violent when he was drunk. He had more than once been threatened with expulsion from the club for starting brawls.”
“What did she see in him?”
“I really don’t know. Perhaps he was charming enough in order to win her affections. From what I’ve gathered, Aunt Eva was a shy girl. Perhaps he impressed her simply by showing her some interest.”
“So, when did he start beating her?”
“Well, we don’t know if that’s a certainty,” said Manfred.  
Yet for me it was a certainty. Instinctively I had judged the man to be cruel. It was evident to me from the moment he first spoke, but more so when I saw his eyes.
“I should be very surprised indeed if he doesn’t mistreat his wife,” I said to Manfred. “In fact, I should be very surprised if he hasn’t been beating her for years. I’ve never before seen eyes like his.”
“Poor Aunt Eva,” said Manfred, shaking his head, “you’re probably right.”
Changing the subject, I asked Manfred when his parents were due to arrive.
“Late tomorrow,” he said. “Hopefully Isabella is found by then.”
“Surely,” I answered.
There was a momentary silence before Manfred spoke again.
“Alan, what are your plans? Are you prepared to stay on here, or would you rather go home? You don’t have to stay here while all this is going on, and I understand your uneasiness with the house.”
“When does the coach come by again?”
“Tomorrow night, I would imagine. At the very least, my parents will have booked it. But perhaps it might make its normal run this evening. It would seem I’ve lost track since the schedule has changed. We can head down to the Carmichael house and find out if you like.”
I took a deep breath to summon my courage, then spoke.
“I’ll stay one more night, Manfred, if you like. But would you mind if the two of us slept downstairs, perhaps in the lounge? Then maybe I can take the coach back tomorrow when your parents arrive.”
I felt rather brave - or foolish - in allowing myself one more night under that roof.
“This ghost business,” said Manfred, “it’s just so damned bizarre! Do you think there could there be any other explanation?”
“I wish there was, Manny, and I don’t claim to have a full understanding either. In fact, I admit that I, too, would have been hesitant to believe what’s happened had somebody told it to me. It amazes me that I seem to have been the focus of the attention, yet even you heard the noises and smelled the odour. And what about you anyway? Aren’t you concerned about staying here? Will you tell your parents about this?”
Manfred blew out his cheeks.
“Well, the fact is,” he said, “we’ve never experienced any of this before. I suppose we’ll just persevere and see what happens. If it is Yvette, I don’t see why she would harm us. None of us had any hand in her fate. And as far as my parents go - well, I don’t want to make them uneasy in their own place, so if there’s never another incident I really don’t see that they need to know.”
“Yes, Manfred, but what if Isabella did actually commit a crime on her sister? After all, that seems to be the message.”
“I know, I know,” he said. “Look - if that is the case, and I pray to God that it isn’t - then one way or another the truth will come out. In the meantime Isabella is missing and needs to be found.”
“Yes,” I said, “but where do we look for her?”
The situation was very frustrating. There was little else we could do in our efforts to find her. The authorities were pursuing their enquiries, and all the locals had now been made aware of her disappearance.
As the day ticked by Manfred became more concerned for her whereabouts. He would not settle, and as the hours passed he would constantly roam the house, upstairs and down, peering out through the curtains. The day wore on, the shadows began to lengthen outside, and the mood in the house grew ever more sombre.

And it was then, as the day drew down, that all hell suddenly broke loose. Manfred was looking out from his upstairs bedroom window while I remained on the lower floor. I heard him call something out, then he hurried along the upper passage and quickly descended the stairs. I rushed into the hallway from my position in the lounge.
“What is it?” I asked.
“My uncle - he’s back. He may have some news.”
I returned to the loungeroom and pulled aside the curtains. Sure enough, Herman Muller was charging towards the property at the top of his horse’s speed, the poor creature lathered in foam from the bit when finally it pulled up outside. I then heard the latch as Manfred went to open the front door.
“Wait, Manfred,” I called, “don’t open the door. Lock it up, quick as you can.”
Storming toward the house, enraged and now clearly drunken, was Herman Muller, in his right hand a club of some sort - a crude weapon fashioned from timber. He was screaming the foulest obscenities at Manfred, demanding he open the door.
“What have you done with her, you bastard?” he bellowed. “Open up in there or I’ll smash my way in.”
Savagely, Herman Muller beat against the door - so hard that we saw it flexing to his blows. Manfred moved to the door as if to answer his uncle, but the tirade came again. This time he no longer banged on the door but swung at it with his club.
“I’ll kill you, Manfred,” he screamed, from beyond the wooden door. “I’ll kill the both of you.”
Manfred and I jumped back as the timber began to splinter under the relentless blows. Manfred pulled at my clothes and we ran down the passage to the back door.
“Come on,” he said, “he’s drunk. There’s nothing we can do but run away out the back.”
The blows drummed throughout the house as Herman Muller destroyed the front door with his club, but by the time he finally gained access Manfred and I were a hundred yards across the field, running like we never had before.
I quickly stole a glance over my shoulder when we were perhaps another hundred yards on. Muller emerged from the back door, still screaming oaths and waving his weapon. He made after us across the field, but soon stumbled.
“He fell,” I spluttered to Manfred.
“Keep running,” Manfred yelled back.
I was nearly spent by the time we had covered a quarter mile, so we stopped to catch our breaths. We were both bent over and gasping, unable to speak for a full minute.
“Come on,” said Manfred, finally. “We have to keep going.”
I looked back behind me, and away in the distance was Herman Muller - just a dot, but still heading our way.
“Oh, my God, he’s going to kill us,” I said, the words ejaculating one at a time as I struggled for air.
We could no longer run but kept walking just as quickly as we could. I could see that we were heading for the forest - to the Lockington River - to the place that had marked the end of Yvette’s life two years before.
“Why are we heading this way?” I said to Manfred, just as he broke into a slow trot and I followed.
“Because it just happened like that,” he answered. “The back door points this way. Is he still behind us?”
I looked back as the last rays of sunlight danced on the heads of grass.
“I don’t know,” I said. “I can’t see him anymore.”
We both stopped and each of us scanned the wide, yellow grassland behind, the grasses waving in the dying light and making their own shadows.
“The man is a maniac,” I spat.
Manfred was still puffing, his pupils huge as he took in the vista, searching for anything distant or moving.
“He must have gone back,” he said at last. “As drunk as he was, he would never have been able to catch us anyway. He would never get this far.”
Like Manfred, I kept looking back over the way we had come, not game to leave it unchecked. But there was nothing, no sign of Muller as far as the eye could see, just the tall dry grass that billowed in the breeze and in the dwindling light. I turned to my friend.
“What the hell are we going to do, Manny? The man is insane. He completely demolished your door, for Christ’s sake, and I swear he would have been as good as his word and taken to us with the same weapon.”
Manfred looked forward in the direction we were heading, then to the north.
“More than likely he’s headed off,” he said, “but I’m not quite game to go back to the house yet. I thought for a moment we could head north to the Carmichael’s place, but it would be wrong to involve them in this. Imagine if Uncle Herman got wind of us being there. He might smash up their home in getting to us, or injure them.”
“What then, Manny?”
“We’re nearly at the river. I say we make our way down past the falls before it gets too dark. We can follow the track along the side, all the way down to the boatshed. Once there, and tide permitting, we can get shelter for the night beneath the landing.”
“Yes, I suppose that’s about all we can do.”
The words were barely out of my mouth when Manfred gripped my arm like a vice. I followed his eyes with mine. I followed them back across the field we had just come, and there, rising from a hollow some two hundred yards back was Herman Muller, his club still in his hand, his darkened figure moving slowly toward us through the gathering gloom.
“Christ,” said Manfred in whispered disbelief, and we both fled for the river.
Never in my life had I felt such terrible fear. Even when that phantom was upon me in the night the horror was less than this. The sky grew ever more dim as we made for the dense cover that followed the Lockington River.
The sun was almost gone, just an orange hue that spread across the sky, that flashed through the branches and undergrowth as we entered the jungle of the watercourse.
I quickly glanced behind, but with the light dying rapidly, nothing could be seen but shadows and darkness. And from the moment we entered the forest, that darkness enveloped us, thick and oppressive, the dense canopy obliterating whatever sunlight remained.
Manfred led the way. We charged down a path that was there at times and at other times not, half-seen and half imagined. On and on we went and soon the running waters of the Lockington River could be heard. Manfred led on, through undergrowth, tall trees and saplings. The vague trail we followed turned left at the bank of the river, and from there we raced forward in the direction of the falls.
Soon the darkness closed in completely, the heavy canopy obliterating all remains of the day. We kept on regardless, though now more slowly as the night quickly enveloped us. Even the river alongside, which had shimmered in silver when we entered, now passed along a course as black as pitch. Further on we could hear the sound of the falls, a sound that grew more apparent with each passing step. Then, ahead of me, Manfred tripped and fell. I didn’t see it happen, just heard him groan as he hit the ground. In an instant I had fallen over him and lay sprawled on the path myself. It came as a shock as it all happened so quickly and in such darkness.
“Are you alright?” I said, pulling myself back to my knees.
“No - I’ve twisted my ankle.”
“Can you walk?”
“I don’t think so,” he said, “not just yet.”
I felt a dreadful panic flood through me, not knowing how far behind was the man who would do us harm.
“Quick, behind this rock,” I whispered.
To our left was the black mass I was indicating. We crawled up a sharp incline and behind it. 
“We’ll see if this bastard is still with us,” muttered Manfred, his mouth against my ear.
For ten minutes we crouched behind the rock, hardly breathing. The stream tinkled along in the dark, splashing lightly, gurgling its way over the smooth river rocks. Ahead of us came the low drone of the falls, but from how far distant I could not tell, and through the trees the haunted cry of some strange forest creature would resonate with timed regularity. Through it all, Manfred and I listened intently for any foreign sound, for any noise that did not belong to the forest. Minute followed excruciating minute, none of them bringing a sound. Then, at last, from somewhere deep in the dark, we heard the snap of a twig. It snapped under the weight of a passing foot and we knew our pursuer was near. The sound of that breaking twig froze the blood in my veins. I tried to control my shaking but was gripped by the emotion of terror, fear bringing tears to my eyes. That first sound was soon followed by another, this time a stone being dislodged by a leather boot on the path. Manfred and I continued to huddle in silence behind the rock as the sound of Muller’s footsteps grew ever nearer. He was moving very slowly, each foot now coming down with precision, like a wild animal stalking its prey.
The stones crunched beneath his feet as he passed right by where we lay, his black silhouette just visible, shutting out the varying shades of darkness in the undergrowth. He continued on, away from us. Motionless, Manfred and I listened as his footsteps faded and became absorbed into the dull drone of the falls.
Our situation was dire, and with Manfred injured our chance of escape was now lessened. Not only that, our pursuer had passed beyond us, and in the direction we wished to head. The worst of it, though, was the terrible, suffocating darkness - for Herman Muller was there - somewhere - but could not be seen. Our only saving grace was that he, too, was surely blind within the canopy of the forest.
“What will he do?” I whispered to Manfred, my mouth pressed to the side of his head.
“I don’t think he’ll go beyond the falls,” he answered. “The gradient is too steep and he doesn’t know the way like I do. He might not even realise where it comes out. I think he’ll stay up here somewhere. With luck, he might even head back.”
“We should stay put then,” I suggested.
For what seemed like an eternity we perched behind that rock, pressed against its damp, mossy surface, the whole area behind it smelling of mustiness and decay. The mixture of forest sounds continued, the running stream, the falls, the strange nocturnal creatures, but our ears were tuned to hear just one thing - the return of Herman Muller, and in time that sound came. His boot caught a rock as he made his way back towards us. Then we again heard the low crunching of feet as he prowled through the darkness, his shadow appearing at last, slowly approaching then passing beyond us. Somehow he seemed to know where we were, for within a few minutes he had again doubled back, this time standing within ten feet of us, unmoving for several seconds. My eyes had adjusted slightly, and I could, without too much difficulty, make out his shape, his menacing stance, as he stood with his club on his shoulder. The hiding place Manfred and I had chosen was pitch-black and buried in shadow. As long as we did not move or make a sound, we might be safe.
But, no. Muller turned suddenly and swung, the wooden club smashing into the top of the rock. He had somehow gathered our presence. I yelled in horror and jumped to my feet as he swung again. I lunged for the path, as madly he wielded his weapon. It caught my side, sending me off balance and stumbling to my knees in the ferns. Muller groaned like a wild animal and came after me again and again in the dark. Somehow I was able to scramble to my feet and run down the path in the direction of the falls. Unsure of my footing, I charged on regardless - it was that or die - behind me the dreadful, loathsome sound of murderous pursuit.
The sheer terror of that moment is now almost unthinkable. How I did not trip and fall as I ran for my life, away from Herman Muller, is beyond me. The roar of the falls grew nearer as I tried so desperately to escape, behind me the roar of a beast, charging, swinging, screaming through the black of night. My body chilled in icy fear as I ran, for I had no idea how far behind he was. At times it seemed he was right upon me, and at other times it was as though I had made a break; then, in the next moment, his animal screams were upon me again, his panting, his thunderous feet, inches behind. The path weaved through the undergrowth and trees, along straight stretches and through narrow winding sections, too. In those parts, I could hear Muller crashing through the bushes behind, screaming oaths I could barely understand.
Then the track turned before me, and being so dark I did not realise it until it was too late. There was a sharp drop-off down to the river and I crashed headlong through the saplings and over the side. I grappled wildly for anything that might save me, and  as luck would have it, I caught hold of the base of one of the small trees. It grew out from the side of the cliff, just below the path, and there I hung, suspended. Within seconds Muller had followed me, having made the same mistake, and with his arrival came the most horrid, curdling scream as he hurtled over the side and smashed through the branches of the tiny tree that held me. I looked but could see nothing, save for the faintest hint of silver stream, and never saw Herman Muller as he passed, just heard the awful destruction of his body as he crashed down the cliff and fell to the rocks in the river below.  

Chapter eight 

I hung there in the dark, perhaps twenty feet above the river - it was difficult to judge exactly how far. An amazing sensation of peace came over me despite my ridiculous predicament. It was the sudden stillness that struck me, and for a time I could not even hear the falls; at the very least, their sound did not register. The dreadful threat from Muller had ended so abruptly, and his murderous, manic chase through the dark had been so deafeningly loud. It was not just the screaming and the crashing through scrub, nor the pounding of running feet - it was the awful noise the panic itself had seemed to bring.
Now the waterfall returned to my ears almost as though a tap had been suddenly turned on. The forest made no sound at all but for the falls and the occasional creature that called from somewhere afar. I became aware of the growing ache in my arms as I hung by both of them from the base of the sapling. With my boot I felt for the bank out from which the tree had grown. There it was - but there was nothing upon which I could gain a foothold. I continued to feel around, using both feet alternately, attempting to find anything, perhaps a rock, that might take my weight and allow me to pull myself back to the top of the embankment. There was nothing, so I began to kick away at the soil with the end of my boot, trying to make a notch to at least get my toe in. My side began to ache around the middle of my ribcage, and I realised it was where Muller had struck me with the club. Over the next half-hour the pain became more intense and the injured area began to throb.
By now the toe of my right boot was wedged into the side of the bank, and by supporting myself between that and the sapling, I was able to work on a second notch a little higher up, using my left foot. It was then that the sapling popped and cracked. My heart raced as I felt the trunk drop slightly. It cracked again and I knew the roots were beginning to pull away under my weight. I prayed for the trunk to hold and gripped closer to the base. Bit by bit I got my boot into a second foothold, and from there was able to take much of the load away from the little tree. But still it cracked, as one by one the roots gave way. I grappled madly, and fortunately, before it pulled away completely, I was able to get myself to a point where I could grab hold of another sapling, slightly higher up the bank.
I was now making progress and felt my panic begin to ease. Finally I managed to drag myself up and away from the edge. Out of breath and physically aching, I lay on my back for five full minutes, regaining some strength and listening to the unending crescendo of the waterfall.
In my mind, Herman Muller was dead. Since his fall I had not heard a sound from him, and saw him in my mind’s eye lying smashed on the rocks below. I held my aching side with my hand, realising then that I was actually bleeding, my clothes being damp and sticky. My ribs felt bruised or broken, and my arms were still aching from having supported my weight for so long. Slowly I sat up, then pulled myself to my feet. And it was then, from somewhere deep below, that I heard a faint yet discernible groan, followed seconds later by another. My heart stopped in my chest and I fell back to my knees, peering uselessly over the bank to the river. I looked but saw nothing in the black abyss, when, for a third time, the groan came again. A strange guttural sound it was, but within that sound I heard the ring of finality, something pathetic and defeated, like a javelin rammed through the heart.
It was at that moment that a strange thing occurred. A warm breeze wafted up and out of the gorge, blowing across my face and through my hair. Then, throughout the forest, it seemed that each bird joined with every other in a chorus of song. Echoing all around me, they carolled away for minutes and I wondered what it all meant. The sound, as beautiful as it was, sent shivers through my soul and rose my skin in bumps.
I staggered to my feet once more and made my way back up the path to find Manfred. I had no idea how far I had run with that madman in pursuit, and it was so black in the forest that there was really nothing to guide me. Lowly, I called his name, and kept looking for the heavy image of the rock to my right. My nerves were still frayed and I felt a buzzing throughout my body that was audible in my ears. The dark forest was still so very intimidating, despite my belief that Herman Muller was no longer a concern.
“Manfred,” I called again, my voice still low. There was nothing in response and I continued on. Then came the sound I longed to hear, a whisper from out of the trees on my right.
“Alan. Over here.”
I cannot express the relief I felt as I groped through the bracken and ferns and was reunited with my friend. He was nowhere near where I had left him, and had been trying to find me, despite being almost unable to walk.
“You’re alive,” he said.
“Yes.”
“And my uncle?”
“I don’t know - badly injured at least. He went over the edge.”
Very quietly, I relayed to Manfred the story of the last hour or so. He listened without uttering a word himself until I had finished.
“I felt sure he would kill you,” he said. “Then I heard the scream - I suppose when he crashed over the side - and I knew the voice was his. I had no idea what had happened, but when everything went quiet for so long I thought you were both gone.”
“I nearly was,” I said. “That tree saved my life. I thought it was going to pull out of the ground and send me down on the rocks with Herman.”
“Thank God it didn’t. What time do you think it is?” 
“I don’t know, maybe nine, ten o’clock. How’s your ankle?”
“Swollen. I don’t think I can go anywhere tonight. Are you all right? What about your side?”
“I think my ribs might be fractured. I was bleeding earlier but it seems to have stopped. There is just this terrible throbbing.”
“Come on,” said Manfred, “let’s get in amongst these bushes. We’re going to have to stay here tonight and hope that maniac is dead.”
I also hoped that Herman Muller was dead, yet I could not believe that Manfred and I were saying and thinking such things about another human being. Only days before, my whole world revolved around the medical college and my studies. Suddenly I had been flung into a world that made no sense - a world full of strange people and stranger events. The week so far had been like some inescapable nightmare, each day bringing forth new horrors.
Manfred and I spent a cold night in the forest, both of us injured and neither of us sleeping. Hour after long hour passed with hardly a word spoken between us, both of us, I’m sure, reliving the horrors we had endured, but also listening to every sound, not quite game to believe the danger was over. Thankfully, the only sounds of life came from the innocent creatures whose entire worlds, it would seem, began and ended in that beautiful and tainted forest. The constant drone of the waterfall, now further away, provided a strangely harmonious backdrop to the calls of the wild.
Never in my life had a single night been so long. It seemed to drag on forever, every second and every minute an eternity, until finally it ground down to nothing and individual trees and other parts of the forest again became distinguishable. As the first dull light filtered through the giant canopy, the many birds sang and heralded the new day. Having lived through the night, I felt inclined to join them. The forest soon filled with light and Manfred and I rose to our feet and looked around. It was quite amazing how suddenly tranquil it all was, and how different it looked as compared to how I had seen it in the night.
“How’s your ankle?”
“Not too bad,” he said, as he reached for a sturdy fallen limb which he quickly fashioned into a walking stick.
“And you?”
I grimaced at him.
“I feel like I’ve been trampled by a herd of cattle.”
“Are you up for a walk?” he asked, the stick now taking his weight. He got his balance and then continued speaking. “We need to see what’s happened to my beloved uncle.”
Manfred was right, yet I had hoped we would simply have headed home then enlisted the help of the police. In my heart I hoped once more that Herman Muller was dead.
“Come on,” he said, and slowly we made our way down the path.
The evidence was there of the manic pursuit through the night. There were marks all along the ground of skidding shoes; there were broken branches and flattened bracken where one or both of us had, at different times, lost the path. At one point there was a fresh scar in the bark of a tree where Muller had swung at me with his club and missed. There was a certain spookiness in retracing those steps, and again it was interesting just how different it all looked in daylight. The tumbling of the waterfall grew ever nearer, until it was evident it lay no more than perhaps fifty yards further on. Then, before us, where the path veered left, there was a mass of broken and flattened undergrowth. It was where both Muller and I had missed the turn and ploughed directly on.
“This is the spot,” I said to Manfred, the pair of us then carefully stepping through the wreckage of undergrowth until we came to a frightening drop-off. The first thing I saw was the tiny sapling that had saved my life. It still hung out from the cliff and I hoped that my hanging from it had not so damaged its roots that it would not survive. It was a strange thought to have considering the gravity of our mission. Manfred and I got as close to the edge as we could and peered over. The drop was at least twenty feet, perhaps more. The stream was running steadily between two high banks, huge rocks littering its course and layered one upon the other, and there, smashed on the rocks, staring up at us but clearly dead, was the body of Herman Muller.
“Thank God,” I said instinctively, with no regard at all for Manfred’s relationship to the man. My friend was not offended though, and I knew he wouldn’t be.
“I second you,” he said.
There was a bizarre ghastliness in what we saw, morbid and magnetic, and I found it difficult to look away. Manfred was clearly struck by the same emotion.
“Isn’t it grotesque?” he said, in a tone that spoke of the impact the vision was having on him.
“I think because he’s looking at us,” I replied.
As I stared down at that evil man, I recalled the groans he gave out long after he fell. Perhaps he had been unconscious then regained consciousness again before he died. I remembered his final groan and how that peculiar breeze had accompanied it, and how a thousand birds had broken into joyful song, their warbles resounding that very moment throughout the dark forest. I wondered whether perhaps that was the instant when Herman Muller had died, when he had passed from mortal being and begun that lonely ascent, the one that would see him face the highest court of all. Then, alongside of me, I heard Manfred exhale, and as he did I was flung back to reality.  
“Wow,” he said, but with none of the enthusiasm that would normally accompany such a word. “This is serious now. We need to get in touch with the police as soon as we can.”
We dragged ourselves away from the bank and headed back along the path. It would be a long hike back to the beach house, particularly for Manfred. The most convenient route was the way we had come, so we slowly made our way out of the forest and back across the open fields. Part of the way back, Manfred suggested we head for the Wilson residence instead, as they had a telephone with which we could call the police.
“A telephone, out here?” I asked, a little amazed.
“Yes, they’re the first to have one. Unfortunately for them, everybody wants to use it, and old man Wilson gets tired of the interruptions. I doubt he’ll mind when he hears our story and sees our condition.”
A very long time passed before we firstly saw the Carmichael and then the Wilson residences. We crossed behind the Carmichael property in the hope of avoiding Mrs Carmichael. She would have delayed us no end with her questioning had she seen the unfortunate states we were in.
I had been feeling the most dreadful, dark emotions all throughout that long walk. The terror of the night just gone was still fresh in my mind and I shivered in the knowledge of how close I had come to dying. Then there was the macabre sight that had met our eyes in the discovery of Herman Muller’s body. There was still the whereabouts of his only remaining daughter to consider, and, on top of that, Manfred and I had to explain to the police the death of an awful man. I also thought of Mrs Eva Muller. Her husband was now dead and she was unaware of it. The news of that would have to be broken to her by the police and I wondered how she would take it. Would she be upset or would she be relieved? I suspected the emotions would be mixed. And the poor woman still had a missing daughter, unless Isabella had turned up during our absence.
We arrived at the Wilson Inn about mid-morning, the sun having risen a good way through a sky of scattered clouds. There was no need to knock as Wilson was in the front garden on his hands and knees, digging.
“Young Manfred,” he announced, with apparent delight, casting his eye over each of us in turn. “And a friend, I see. Good Lord, what happened to you both?”
“A terrible thing, Mr Wilson,” said Manfred. “We’re lucky to be alive. We’ll tell you everything if you’ll just let us use your telephone. We need to contact the police.”
“Of course, lad, of course. Come on in.”
Mr Wilson led us inside and made a call on our behalf, asking to be connected to the Dorset County Constabulary. He then put Manfred on the line. I listened as Manfred gave the police a broad outline of what had happened. He then got off the line and came and sat with us at the table.
“They’ll be here in two hours.”
“So Herman is dead?” said Wilson. “Good God.”
“It was him or us,” I said, a little defensively, “and his death was a misjudgement on his part.”
Between the time of the call to the police and their arrival almost exactly two hours later, Manfred and I told our tale of horror to a visibly stunned Hector Wilson. The man was kind enough to nourish us with breakfast and hot drinks and allowed me to tend to the wound on my side. My shirt was adhered to my body with dried blood and the wound reopened slightly as I freed it. I was able to clean and dress it with the help of Mr Wilson, but could do nothing about my ribs which ached and throbbed incessantly. Mrs Wilson had come in from outside. She had been way down the back in the vegetable garden and was quickly apprised of the situation. She then helped Manfred to strap up his ankle.
“Has anything been heard of Isabella?” Manfred asked.
Mrs Wilson answered in the negative.
“Poor Eva,” she said. “This will kill her, I’m sure.”
The same two policemen arrived as had come the previous day and listened as Manfred and I explained what had happened. The surprise was obvious on their faces and they asked that we accompany them to the forest in order to locate the body of Herman Muller, as well as familiarise them further with events. We explained to the officers that we were injured and were having some difficulty with mobility but they insisted nonetheless. We were, however, able to travel the bulk of the distance in the police cart. The local coroner had accompanied the police and travelled with us.
Before long we were back at the forest and the progress from there on was on foot. The officers seemed to have no difficulty in accepting our version of events, the evidence being all there to see - the trampled scrub, the marks of panicked flight, the scar on the tree where Herman had swung at me. To my mind, the most damning evidence for Muller was the discovery of his wooden club, which lay near his body on the rocks at the bottom of the drop. We told the police how he had used that weapon to smash his way into the beach house, thus prompting our flight to the forest. We explained that we had not been back there yet, but if they would accompany us later we would show them the smashed door through which Muller had accessed the property.
I was feeling a tremendous sense of relief that the whole business was coming out and that our story was seemingly being accepted. I had feared that Manfred and I might be seen as the perpetrators of a murderous crime, despite the enormity of evidence to the contrary. However it appeared common knowledge that Herman Muller was not only a domestic tyrant but well known for his temper and brutish behaviour.
The coroner made his notes and had the body removed from the scene, an operation of some scope in itself. A way had to be found to bring the horse-drawn cart through the heavy vegetation in order to firstly hoist the deceased up the cliff, and to then haul him out of the forest. It was a most macabre scene and one that has, like so many events that week, left its lasting impression upon me.
The afternoon had dragged on by the time we pulled out of the forest and made our way, with our appalling cargo, across the wide and grassy field. The police chose to call by the beach house before heading to town, to confirm our story of the broken door. Ironically, Manfred’s parents, Gunter and Miranda Stein, had arrived just moments before us and were perplexed by the damage to the house. They both ran down the path, Mrs Stein embracing her son and bursting into tears.
“What’s happened?” she asked, gesturing towards the door, then standing back and seeing that her son had walked with the aid of a stick. Gunter Stein walked to the cart, and before anyone could stop him, had lifted the blanket that covered the dead man. As calmly as he had lifted it, he lowered it again, then, as an officer approached, indicated silence with a finger to his lips. He then gestured for everyone to come inside. There was almost no need to open the door, as it was shattered and hung by one hinge. We all went through into the loungeroom where the head officer gave a very brief account and announced the death of Herman Muller. He asked that Manfred fill in all the details to his parents once the police were gone.
“We will need to talk to you again, though, lad. We’ll need an official statement,” said the officer.
Manfred nodded and furnished them with both his city address and his parent’s Dorchester address.
I pulled Manfred aside. “Manfred,” I said, “I have asked these men if I can ride with them to Dorchester. I’m going to check myself into the hospital there. I truly suspect my ribs are broken.”
“Of course,” said Manfred, then he grabbed my arm. “Alan,” he said, “I’m sorry for the way this has turned out, I really am. They will probably keep you in for a day or two, so if I can come and visit you, I will.”
I smiled back at him. “Good luck with everything. I hope Isabella turns up.”
The afternoon sun was well across the sky as we trundled off and down the road to Dorchester, the now familiar breeze starting to gust, raising dust on the track ahead. The curtain came back a little as we passed by the Carmichael residence, and I knew the old busybody would be up at the beach house just as soon as her husband could get her there. I was glad to be going, yet I felt a part inside of me being torn away. It was the bond I had come to feel with Manfred, as together we had made it through that terrible ordeal. He had invited me to Cape Terrible as his guest, and the week had turned out to be the most appalling and terrifying time of my life. Yet, from out of that horror, I now felt an enduring sense of kinship to my host.
“We’ll need an official statement from you, too, Alan,” said the senior officer, suddenly. “We may come and see you tomorrow in hospital if you’re up to it.”
I told him that was fine. They were the last words I spoke on that long trip back to Dorchester. For the whole way I was lost in my own thoughts, reliving the events of the week, while the police and the coroner talked amongst themselves. My body ached and my ribcage reminded me of the savage blow received in the dark, issued by the dead brute behind me. Moreover, I was tired, and longed to be lying in a safe hospital bed, tended to by some pleasant nurse, young, pretty, and preferably mortal. My mind played over that as well - those two inexplicable bedroom encounters - events almost forgotten in the enormity and shock of Isabella’s disappearance and the action of Herman Muller’s murderous intent. I was almost nodding to sleep as the lights of Dorchester loomed up, my mind flashing through images in a half-conscious way. The dagger in the door, the sailboat ride, the ghostly entity by the window, Isabella naked on the chair, her father emerging from that hollow in the field, his dead eyes looking up at us - all these things flashed as perfect split-second images, one following another, time after time.
When next I opened my eyes it was dark, save for the gaslights that lit the street. We were pulling up at the entrance to the Dorset County Hospital in Dorchester.
“You’re awake now, my boy,” said the senior officer, his expression now rather grim.
“Come on,” he said, “we’ll check you in, then we’ll get old Muller here round to the morgue.”
“Thankyou,” I replied, “a long day for you, too.”
“Yes,” he said, seriously, “and the worst of it to come. From here we go on and break the news to Eva Muller.”
Poor men, I thought - the jobs they have to do.
Stepping down from my ride, I realised my strained body had seized, having remained motionless the whole ride. I hobbled inside the hospital, accompanied by the junior officer, who was kind enough to explain my situation and have me admitted. 

Chapter nine   

The staff of Dorset County Hospital assigned me to a two-bed ward, and as the second bed was unoccupied, I had the room to myself. For nearly an hour after being admitted I waited to see a doctor, my immediate needs being attended to by the nursing staff, who fed me and allowed me to shower, then redressed my wound. The bed was narrow and firm, the sheets tightly tucked around my feet, and the newfound sense of security and safety I felt was undeniable. My side was still throbbing, firing spasms of pain throughout my torso. My body hummed with fatigue and there was a sense of being outside of myself, tiredness creating a kind of floating sensation. At this point I was too exhausted to think any further about the ordeals I had faced. I just wanted the resident doctor to come and examine me and then let me sleep.
He finally came, a thin, serious, bespectacled man in his forties. He checked me and agreed that at least two, and perhaps as many as four, of my ribs had been fractured.
“How did this happen?” he asked, and was taken aback when I answered.
“The man in the morgue,” I said, “the one that was brought here tonight - he did this to me with a wooden club. He tried to kill me.”
I still remember the astounded look on the doctor’s face.
As for my injury, there was little that could be done; the ribs would heal naturally under the heavy strapping, and I was simply told that which I already knew with regard to my convalescence. The doctor left my ward and I very quickly drifted to sleep.
There were no dreams that night, no flashbacks, no waking in fright as horrors returned to mind. For the next ten hours I was as dead as Herman Muller, and it was not until the sun had risen the following morning and I heard the bustling of staff along the corridors, that I awoke. I had not moved for the whole night and my back ached for a different position. I lifted myself up in the bed and stared out the window at some tiny birds that were flitting in and out of an elm tree, the little perishers chirping with the simple joy of life.
I wondered how Manfred had got on, explaining to his parents all that had gone before. I thought of Eva Muller and how she might have taken the news of Herman’s death. And I wondered about Isabella - whether she had turned up yet. Her situation truly had become a mystery, and even I, who ultimately had disliked the girl, was worried for her. I suppose in truth I was more worried about her for Manfred’s sake, because I knew she was important to him, but I also worried from the perspective of her mother. It would be a tragedy for her to be left all alone in the world.
Breakfast was brought to me on a tray, but rather than eat it in bed, I sat at a small table in the room. Barely had I finished when Deputy Chief Constable Leeson and Constable Taylor arrived to interview me. I was not told their names on the previous two times we met, they having never formally introduced themselves. Today, however, they were being quite official. They got down to business immediately and asked me to describe events from the moment Herman Muller arrived at the Stein’s beach house in what they called his alleged alcohol-fuelled rage. I told the story to the police exactly as I have described it herein, they on occasion asking me to clarify the odd point. It was Leeson who interviewed me and Taylor who wrote it all down. Leeson warned me to be absolutely accurate as to detail, and stated that on leaving the hospital they would travel to Cape Terrible to interview Manfred and take down his statement.
Once they had recorded my account of the fateful evening and night which culminated in the death of Herman Muller, I was asked to describe events leading up to Muller’s attack. Again I explained that Manfred and Isabella had argued bitterly, resulting in Isabella’s departure. Leeson continually revisited and grilled me on this point, wanting to know exactly what I had heard of goings on between them - were there any threats and so forth? I told the truth - that I had returned to hear foul language and abuse being heaped on a near silent Manfred, followed immediately by Isabella’s stormy departure. It was, as I said to them, the last either of us had seen of her. I spoke of the dagger in the door and the missing candles on our return from boating, and I also stressed that Manfred and I had conducted our own search for Isabella. I was asked how long I had known Herman Muller and what I knew of the man.
“I met him for the very first time the day you brought him to the Cape,” I explained. “I had never met the man until then.”
I went on to tell of the impression I had formed of him as a result of what Manfred had told me, and how the Steins had suspected him of cruelty. I was then asked a lot of personal questions in a seemingly informal way, yet I could not help noticing that Constable Taylor was taking it all down. Leeson wanted to know about my family, who they were and what they did, the tertiary courses I was studying, had I ever been involved in anything like this before, and so on. He even had the audacity to ask if I abused alcohol or subjected myself to drugs of any kind. Firmly, I answered in the negative.
The officers then rose, coolly thanking me for my assistance, saying they would type my statement and then present it to me for signing. In the meantime they would travel out to Cape Terrible and interview Manfred.
Their visit played on my nerves from the moment they left. The interview was conducted with such a serious air about it. That was fair, I told myself; after all, a man was dead. But there was an inference within the interview that I might be lying, a look of suspicion too, and it plagued me. I then remembered that first meeting with the police at the Cape, when Leeson stressed to Manfred and I the importance of telling the truth. He did that again today, and seemed pleased that Manfred and I were now apart, which suggested to me that perhaps he thought Manfred might, when interviewed independently, contradict my version of events.
Surely this was paranoia, I told myself. The evidence was all there to support our case, to support fully what we were saying. Still, I was concerned. The meeting had been so businesslike, so cold and unfriendly. There was no inquiry as to how I was - how were my ribs? Had the doctor been to see me yet? There was no mention made of Eva Muller, or of how she had taken her news - and to my great shame on that point, I had also neglected to ask. The one thing they did say was that Isabella had not yet turned up.
I sat for a while at the table, pondering the interview and trying to reassure myself. I realised there was nothing I could now do with regard to anything that had happened. After a time I made my way down the corridor to relieve myself, then returned to bed. The rest of the morning, then into the afternoon, I spent dozing intermittently in the quiet comfort of the hospital ward. My ribs felt little better than they had the night before, except that the throbbing had stopped. There was general muscular pain throughout the rest of my body but particularly in my arms, they having supported my weight for so long as I hung above the river. I lay in bed thinking about that, about many other things as well, and the day dragged slowly on.
The shadows were growing long outside, and as the sun sank low in the sky, I became aware of the nursing staff talking in the corridor. They spoke as they passed my door and some of the conversation I was able to pick up. My ears pricked immediately on realisation of their topic.
It was the name, Isabella Muller, that caught my attention and made me listen. The terrible gist of their conversation was that Isabella had been found, but was dead, her body having been brought to the hospital, where she now lay in the morgue beside her father. That was as much as I was able to hear before the staff walked out of earshot and into another area. With no regard for my ribs or aching muscles, I flung back the bed covers and rushed to the door of my ward.
“Nurse - nurse,” I called, in a loud, urgent voice.
The sister in charge quickly emerged from her office and bustled towards me.
“Yes, Mr Robertson. What is it?”
“Is it true, Sister, that the Muller girl has been found and that she’s dead?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so, Mr Robertson,” she said to me, and coaxed me back towards my bed.
“But how?” I insisted. “What happened? Where was she found and how did she die?”
The sister had eased me back into bed and was pulling the covers up and over me.
“They found her drowned,” she said, “somewhere in the Lockington River. That’s about all we know at this stage. Poor girl, she was just brought in on the cart.”
The sister then turned and left, not saying another word. I sat, paralysed with shock, the worst possible outcome of Isabella’s disappearance having actually eventuated. My body began to tremble as the full realisation of the dreadful event hit me.
How I wished I had never accepted Manfred’s offer to stay. The more I thought of it the more I understood that I had been the catalyst in two terrible deaths. If I had stayed away Isabella would not have fought with Manfred, nor left him in her rage of temper. That was undoubtedly the initiating moment upon which all that followed, whatever the details were, had hinged. Some terrible sequence of events had occurred after Isabella stormed away from the beach house, a sequence that ended in her death. Herman Muller would still be alive had Isabella not vanished, not that his death would weigh very heavily on my conscience, for I believed that soon enough the world would recognise itself as a better place for his passing.
My temperature was rising in line with my deepening distress. Never had I felt so useless, so impotent as I felt at that moment. Confined to the hospital and so under-informed, I desperately wanted to know the facts of what had occurred. I again left my bed, this time making my way to the sister’s office and rapping loudly on the door. She swung it open and stood glaring before me.
“Mr Robertson, really. What is this?”
“I’m sorry, Sister, but this has to do with Isabella Muller. You may not know my connection to her, but she was my friend’s cousin, and I am here, injured, because of her father. I need to know what happened, and I need to know how my friend, Manfred, is.”
“Mr Robertson,” she said, with a sharp tone of authority, “we have no more information than I have already told you. I am well aware of your connection, at least with the father, and I suppose the police will in time return, at which point you might be furnished with more information. Until then I must ask that you return to your room and allow me to get on with my work."
Reluctantly, I did as she asked, though I was tempted to discharge myself and head back to the Cape. I looked out the window and saw that night was quickly closing in. I knew then that I could do nothing until the following day.
My evening meal was brought to me but I found I could barely eat it. My stomach rolled and churned uneasily as within me the darkest emotions festered. I felt myself engulfed in a most appalling scenario, playing a part in a play for which I had never auditioned - a part that grew more nightmarish with every passing day. I longed for it to end, and as the veil of darkness fell, set out to embark that night on a most restless sleep.
All that night I tossed and tumbled. It was that night that every horror came back to haunt me - each one of them in turn and then repeating. In semi-slumber, Herman Muller’s face would charge at me from out of that hollow in the field, his menacing grey eyes glazed like those of a shark, full of hatred and malevolence. The dagger would then flash before me, protruding from the door, and the crash of that door being splintered would ring in my ears, the sound as real as when it was happening. Then, suddenly, within all that chaos, I would feel the soft, sensuous female who writhed so warmly upon me that very first night. A second later she was gone, and I hung, suspended above the river as Herman Muller bellowed through the darkness and crashed to his doom.
At some point I awoke fully and pulled myself up in the bed, sweating profusely through my nightclothes. At the window I saw the black wisping vapour I had taken to be Yvette. I gasped and she was gone, and this time I knew she was there only in my imagination. I then wondered what time it was. I sensed it was sometime after midnight. The hospital was almost silent. A dull light glowed from along the corridor, and I would hear occasional movement from the office. Somebody, somewhere, was snoring faintly, and I envied the peaceful mind that allowed it to happen. On my back, I lay awake till dawn, my eyes fixed on the ceiling. At least in this way I was freed of my nightmares, and this being the case, my mind drifted to other thoughts. I wondered how my parents were enjoying their trip through Europe. It was the first decent holiday they had ever planned and the first time either of them had been abroad. It would still be another week before their return, and I looked forward greatly to seeing them, but my stomach rolled at the thought of explaining to them the horrors Manfred and I had faced, and of the dreadful outcomes for a father and daughter.
Deliberately, I had not tried to get another message to them. I saw no point in alarming them and perhaps causing them to hurry home. After all, my injuries were not life threatening and I would soon be discharged from hospital and home again before they ever returned. Then I thought about the police. I wondered what they were making of this latest development, and in my mind’s eye I again saw the mistrust, the suspicion, that had been there already on the face of Deputy Chief Constable Leeson.

Chapter ten   

It was ten in the morning when the police came. Again it was Leeson and Taylor. This time I was asked to accompany them into a more private room. Permission was granted for the use of a meeting room that adjoined the office. We all sat and Leeson placed papers on the table before him.
“Do you know the Muller girl has been found?” 
“Yes, I heard.”
“And what more can you tell us of that?”
His tone immediately rang of accusation and I shuffled in my seat.
“I can’t tell you any more than I already have,” I answered. “In fact I would desperately like to know the details myself.”
Leeson gave a side look to his companion then back to me.
“Would you now? Well, for the record, let me enlighten you. Late yesterday morning, Constable Taylor here and myself returned to the forest where your incident occurred. We needed to confirm a few things for our reports, but also to look for any further evidence one way or the other that might be applied to the case. There was really nothing we found that didn’t support your story, or for that matter, Manfred Stein’s, as his version was pretty much in line with yours. So we went further down the track and came to the top of the Lockington Falls. Constable Taylor looked out from there to the small lake at the bottom. He then called to me. There was a body on the far side of the water, face down and bobbing just below the surface. We made our way to the bottom and discovered the body to be that of Isabella Muller. She had been drowned and her body had been weighted with a rock.”
“She’d been killed?”
“Well, perhaps you could tell me.”
At that, I bit back defensively, having little doubt where Leeson was heading.
“I can tell you no more than I already have. Isabella left after a disagreement and we never saw her again.”
Leeson looked hard and long at me.
“So there is nothing you would like to add to this statement?” He lifted the papers that lay before him.
“There is nothing I can add. But I would certainly like to read what you’ve typed before I sign.”
“Of course,” he said, then handed me the document.
I read it carefully and found the typed version to be quite in order. Leeson passed me his pen and I signed the papers and returned them to him.
The two officers rose from their seats, as did I.
“When are you being discharged from here?” asked Leeson, coldly.
“Hopefully today.”
He again gave me that long stare, his head nodding slowly.
“Well, don’t you go too far away, my lad. This is not the end of this.”
By then I was feeling both angry and scared.
“I’ll be at my parent’s home. You have the address.”
They turned to leave and I spoke again.
“We didn’t do this. What makes you think we did this?”
Leeson turned back and took a step towards me.
“Did what exactly, son?”
“You know what I’m talking about.”
“This much I do know,” said Leeson, “the truth always comes out in these things, one way or another. There is more to this than you and your friend are saying and we will get to the bottom of it.”
I began to sweat.
“You suspect us of murder. Why don’t you just say it? Well, I tell you you’re wrong. We know nothing of how Isabella met her fate. And her father died just the way we said.”
“Well, we’ll see,” said Leeson. “We must first get the coroner’s findings on both these incidents. All I’m saying to you, Mr Robertson, is to make yourself available, because we will certainly need to speak with you again.”
“Yes,” I said, giving the only answer I could. “Yes, of course. Goodbye.”
The two officers left and my head was in a spin. What was going to come of this? I was terrified at the possibility of criminal charges being laid for something that I knew had been in no way criminal. What was this Leeson trying to do? Was he trying to make a name for himself based on his cornering of Manfred and I for a crime that was never committed?
I returned to my ward, determined to discharge myself and head for home. The sister on duty that day entered the room and I told her of my intention. She said the doctor was making his rounds and would soon be present. I agreed to allow myself his examination and be discharged officially, so I sat on the edge of the bed and awaited him.
The half-hour allocated for morning visitors had just commenced, and a couple of people had come to visit other patients. It was then that Manfred appeared, still limping slightly. He came up to my bed.
“Manfred,” I said, having all but forgotten he might visit. “Thank God you’re here. What are they trying to do to us?”
“I don’t know,” he said quietly, his eyes down, his voice broken.
His eyes were filled with tears and his hands went to his face.
“Isabella,” he cried, then sat on the edge of the bed.
“I’m sorry, Manfred, I am. But how can they think we could have done this?”
He wiped his eyes.
“I don’t know - but what does it matter? Isabella is dead. Two people are dead.”
“Yes, but if they pursue this thing against us, how will we clear ourselves?”
He looked at me, his voice still trembling when he spoke. “I could never have hurt Isabella. How can they think that? What could they hope to find against us anyway?”
Manfred spoke with a choking emotion, yet he made a good point - any evidence the police might use against us could only be circumstantial. It worried me, though, that things would get even that far.
“Where are your parents?” I asked. “When you arrived just now I thought they’d be with you.”
“They’ve gone to see Aunt Eva. I’m taking a cab and meeting them there after.”
“Oh, I see. How is your aunt?”
“Not good. Not good at all. Neighbours have been kind, I understand.”
“Manfred, who could have done this terrible thing to Isabella?”
He didn’t answer. He just choked on his emotion then quietly exhaled. As he did, a notion sprang to mind, a theory that came into my head suddenly and seemingly from nowhere.
“Manny,” I said. “Her father - he might have done this. Isabella was missing long before her father died.”
Manfred thought briefly, then answered.
“Then why would he blame us? He came after us wanting to know where she was. It makes no sense.”
“Unless,” I said, “he killed Isabella accidentally in one of his rages, then tried to pin it on us.”
Manfred thought about that and again wiped his eyes. He then nodded.
“I suppose that is a possibility.”
“Of course it is,” I said. “Think about it. He seemed so determined to find her when she first went missing. Perhaps he’d already found her and that’s why she went missing to begin with. Maybe they fought and he struck her. And when he realised what he’d done he weighed her down in the rockpool and came after us, knowing he had to put up the pretence of searching for her.”
As improper as it now seems, I felt a surge of excitement as I put forward this theory. Until then I had been consumed only with our own innocence. I had not tried to theorise at all the circumstances that might have actually led to Isabella’s demise. The idea seemed to fit, and although it would be difficult to prove, it was certainly something we could offer to the police. It might also be reasonable doubt if a case was ever made against us and taken to court. It certainly would not be difficult to establish Herman Muller as a violent brute; even his wife, now that the man was dead, might attest to it.
Manfred was still there when the doctor arrived to examine me. His main concern was that the wound on my side was healing properly and with no sign of infection. After satisfying himself, he again ran through those things which I should and should not do whilst my ribs were mending. After that he authorised with the hospital staff to have me discharged. I collected my things and Manfred and I stepped out of the hospital and onto the lawn out front. There was a seat under one of the shady elm trees, so we sat there and talked a little more.
“Have there been any more strange goings on at the house?” I asked. “You know, upstairs, I mean.”
“No, nothing,” Manfred replied, quietly.
That was all that was said on the subject. I had simply been interested to know the answer. We sat for a little longer in relative quiet, the morning sun flickering through the elm leaves as they gently rustled in the breeze. When Manfred spoke again his voice was still affected by his emotions, but his mind evidently had also been running over the theory I had suggested.
“Even the dagger in the door,” he said. “That couldn’t have been Isabella’s doing. The candles, yes, but not the dagger. She could have hidden the candles out of temper and to inconvenience us, but I would have to bet it was Uncle Herman who jammed the dagger into the door.”
My blood ran cold at his words.
“So you think he came to see us armed with that thing?”
“Probably,” said Manfred. “Look at what he did later with the wooden club.”
“But, Manny, when the dagger was stuck in the door, Isabella wasn’t missing yet. She only left that morning, and we went sailing thereafter.”
“Yes, but he knew where she was. Don’t forget that if your theory is right, he’s the reason she actually went missing. Otherwise Isabella would have turned up back here in Dorchester. He probably went out to the Cape to bring her back home. He used to do that.”  
There was credence to what Manfred said and my mind ran over it all.
“Manfred,” I said, after a moment, “the fight we believe they must have had - it could have happened right there at the beach house, couldn’t it? Imagine for a moment. Isabella has left, has got halfway back as far as the Carmichael’s, or wandered off somewhere to think, then decided to come back and blow off some more steam. In the meantime you and I have headed off to go sailing. Now frustrated, she has let herself in and played her practical joke with the candles, but on leaving the house has seen her father turn up. Some sort of squabble ensues, during which he thrusts a dagger into your front door. He then turns his violence upon her and accidentally kills her. Then, in a panic, he takes her away to the forest and sinks her in the rock pool, and in all the confusion forgets the dagger in the door.”
Manfred nodded and his eyes filled again with tears as the images undoubtedly played out in his mind. He said nothing in response.
“Come on,” I said, “let’s go and see Leeson right away and see if we can’t get this sorted out.”
Manfred got to his feet and the pair of us headed off to the Police Station. The walk was only a few blocks. Manfred knew the way, and despite his slight limp, had us there fairly quickly. We walked in through the main door and up to the counter. A young officer sitting at a typewriter looked up as we approached. Leeson was across the room and appeared to be busy with another policeman. He turned when he heard us speak and immediately broke off his conversation and came over.
“Well, well. Messrs Stein and Robertson. To what do we owe this visit?”
I answered him quietly. “We’d rather not talk here, if that’s alright. Do you have a private office?”
“Of course, come on through,” he said, and unlatched a low, swinging door, admitting us behind the counter and through into a separate back room. I am sure he thought we were going to unburden ourselves of our guilt, lay down our cards and confess, for the contented look that he gave the other police officers truly rankled me. We sat and gave over our theory, and with each word his expression showed his growing frustration as he realised we were not there to give ourselves up. At the end of it, Leeson sat across from us still, nodding thoughtfully but with a look of annoyance.
“It is possible, I suppose. But it’s purely conjecture. How will you prove it?”
Manfred instantly became angry and bit back, his voice raised.
“We don’t have to prove it,” he said. “This might not be what happened at all, but it does fit the facts.”
Leeson leaned forward across the table. It was obvious he did not like my friend, I suppose for possessing such a direct nature in one so young.
“And I shall give you another theory, young Stein,” he said. “Perhaps in a rage, you killed Miss Muller - a lover’s tiff gone wrong - then you panicked and had your friend here help you off with the body, and together you tried to sink her in the lake. It’s a lonely place along that river - hardly a place known for its cutthroats and murderers - so it’s rather more likely this scenario is closer to the truth. Our investigations are still continuing with regard to your relationship with your uncle, but it would hardly appear from what we’ve learned already that the two of you were friends. It’s clear that he knew of your romance with his daughter, your first cousin no less, and it’s no longer a secret that he disapproved. Perhaps this fellow, as disagreeable as he was at times, was making life difficult for you, and as such you might have felt very little turmoil in justifying his death as well. I suspect that when he went searching for his daughter in the forest, by the river, you became afraid of what he might find. That’s when your friend here assisted you in ambushing him and then setting up the scene to align with your version of events.”
My face flushed at this and I recoiled in my chair. It was suddenly evident that no matter what theory we might come up with, the police would have one to contradict it.
“But you’re wrong in this,” I bit back at Leeson. “If only you could understand that then you might consider the alternate theories, one of which has to be true. Don’t waste your time and effort pursuing Manfred and I. How can you possibly win when there can’t be any hard evidence against us, unless, of course, you’ve somehow planted it?”
It was a careless suggestion on my part and Leeson thumped the table with his fist, then told us to get out. I tried to apologise for my remark but he would hear none of it.
“The coroner will have his findings by morning. We might then know more as to whose theory is correct. Mark my words, we will be in touch with you two again.”
With those as his final words, he hurried us, flushed and red-faced, out of the police station.
I looked at Manfred in a state of absolute shock.
“I doubt that could have gone worse,” I spluttered.
The pair of us had gone in confident with our theory, and although we did not expect open, welcoming arms, we equally did not expect our discussion to go so disastrously wrong.
“At least we know what he thinks,” said Manfred, “And tomorrow we’ll know what the coroner thinks, too.” He then looked at me and asked, “So, what are your plans, Alan?”
“I was going back home to Sudbury,” I said. “But under the circumstances I think I’d better hold off, at least until we hear the findings.”
“And the day’s getting late, too,” said Manfred. “I don’t think there’ll be a train east once you get to the city. Why don’t you come with me to Aunt Eva’s? I think my parents and I are staying there tonight. I’m sure you could stay as well, and then tomorrow, all being well, you can head back home to your parent’s place.”
Manfred was right. There was no guarantee now that I could make it all the way to Sudbury with what was left of the day, so I agreed to accompany him. We hailed a cab and trundled along the narrow streets.
The home of Eva Muller was far across town, on the very outskirts, in fact. It was a drab and depressing area that we entered, run down and semi-industrial. All the dwellings had a dreadful sameness about them, and each was dun-coloured, dirty with the grime of the factories. I was feeling increasingly uncomfortable about meeting the poor woman, a big part of me still chiding myself for coming down to this part of the world and being instrumental, as it turned out, in the loss of her remaining family. Manfred’s ability to read another person’s thoughts would stagger me at times as he put his hand gently on my shoulder and said, “This is not your fault, Alan. Stop punishing yourself.” His emotions then got the better of him again, tears once more coming to his eyes, and he added, “It’s really my fault. I don’t give a damn about Uncle Herman, but I should never have let Isabella go off like that.”
“I doubt you could have stopped her,” I said, “but now you surely understand my own guilt, because without me there would have been no argument.”
He thought for a while then spoke again.
“But who knows what might have happened if you hadn’t been there? Our theory has my uncle coming to the beach house anyway, in which case he would have come across Isabella and me together. Suppose he did have that dagger with him at the time. Quite likely there would have been a nasty confrontation anyway. Maybe he would have killed me instead of Isabella - or both of us.”
Again Manfred was right. Perhaps dreadful things had been destined to happen regardless. If this business was anybody’s fault it was the fault of he who lay dead in the morgue.
The hansom finally slowed to a halt outside the Muller residence. We climbed out and paid our fare. Then we creaked open the dry, wrought iron gate that separated the street and walked the half dozen steps to the front door. Manfred’s father answered our knock, swinging the door wide and sombrely gesturing for us to enter. What a sad little house it appeared. Everything was old and tired-looking, worn patches in the rugs, chipped and faded paint adorning the walls. The furniture all appeared to be hand-me-downs, with blankets compensating for tears in the upholstery. Little natural light could find its way through the pokey windows and the whole place gave off a depressing air.
“Come on through,” said Gunter Stein, his German accent discernible. “We are in the sitting room.”
Mrs Eva Muller was there, seated in the far corner shadows. A small woman, she could easily have been missed as she tended to blend with the mottled decor of the room. Miranda Stein stood and hugged her son as we entered, then smiled at me. Manfred broke into tears and moved across the room to embrace his poor aunt, who was now standing.
“I’m so sorry, Aunt Eva.”
The words fell out of him in a short burst of choking sobs. The woman patted him on the back as she hugged him and smiled kindly from amid her own tears.
“This is my friend, Alan Robertson,” he said, half turning to me.
“Hello Alan,” she said, and hugged me, too. It was hard to believe that such a sweet woman could have been married to such a vile man as Herman Muller.
We all sat, and this was the first time I had really met Manfred’s parents, save for the fleeting introduction at Cape Terrible. Mrs Stein went to the kitchen to prepare drinks and afternoon tea for everyone. She returned shortly, placing the tray on a small table in the centre of the room. It soon became evident to me that the two families had socialised little. It had mostly been a case of Miranda Stein and Eva Muller meeting somewhere, usually when Herman was absent for a few days or at work. Clearly, Gunter and Herman were not friends, and it was the two sisters whom had maintained a bond.
As the conversation progressed, I could see that what Manfred had told me was indeed true - his parents were unaware of the romance between the cousins, as was Eva Muller. The latter struck me as curious, for Herman had obviously had his suspicions. More than that, there had seemed to be a certainty in his mind of the fact. It amazed me that the relationship between husband and wife had been so poor that he had not shared this information, or called Isabella to a meeting with the pair of them. I sensed an awkward situation arising for Manfred. He would need to come clean about his relationship with Isabella. It was, as Leeson suggested, a lover’s tiff that drove them apart, seemingly the initiating factor for all that followed. The police were certainly under the impression of an understanding between the cousins, and obviously this information had been given to them by Herman Muller. There was no way out without lying, and Manfred soon volunteered the facts as he described the events that led up to Isabella’s disappearance. I watched the faces around the room. Nobody seemed too surprised or concerned. It simply did not seem to matter, and the fact of it, though integral to the script in hindsight, could not restore life to the stricken girl. Suddenly, in a paroxysm of emotion, Eva Muller spoke.
“I’m glad he’s dead,” she screamed, in a hail of tears. “Oh God, forgive me for saying it, but I’m glad Herman is dead.”
“Oh, Eva,” cried Mrs Stein, as she moved across and put her arms around her sister.
“He was a beast of a man, Miranda. I’m too ashamed to tell you the half of what he has done to us.”
I felt terrible sorrow for her at this point and found I was choking back tears of my own. I looked at Manfred and saw that he had his face in his hands, his father with his arm around his son’s shoulders. It was a dreadful afternoon, and the sadness of it has always remained in my memory.   

Chapter eleven   

It was mid-morning when Manfred and I headed back to the police station. Our intention was to press for the coroner’s findings if we had to, rather than wait for the police to inform us at their convenience. Mr Stein accompanied us to the station, I having taken him aside the previous night to fully explain our precarious position. Gunter Stein knew of the Deputy Chief Constable’s reputation and advised us to remain calm, saying that Leeson was a man who loved to wield whatever power he could and would enjoy his intimidation of the two of us. Indeed it was interesting to see how much more respectfully Leeson treated us that day in the presence of Manfred’s father. When we entered the building Leeson was at the front counter, his somewhat smug look fading at the sight of Gunter Stein. He asked us to take a seat, that he would be with us soon.
Eventually he came over and asked us through to the same room Manfred and I had been in the day before. He told us that he had received the coroner’s findings but could not reveal the details unless the immediate family of the deceased persons was present. That then meant we had to return to the Muller residence and come back with Eva Muller. It was another hour before we returned, and with Mrs Stein as well. Once more we were led into the back room, and Leeson could not have been more pleasant in the company of so many adults. He offered Eva Muller the requisite sympathy, fetched coffees and tea for us all, then sat down and drew the reports from an envelope.
“I could read out these reports word by word,” he said, “but rather than do that, I will simply tell you of the findings. The reports are right here though, Mrs Muller, as you can see, and if you should like to fully peruse them, you may.”
“No,” she said, softly. “Please - just the findings.”
Leeson cleared his throat and picked up the first of the papers.
“As to the death of Herman Randolph Muller, the coroner finds his death to have been the result of a heavy blow to the head, combined with severe internal injuries, all consistent with his having fallen from a cliff, and consistent with his landing on rocks.”
Leeson then looked at both Manfred and I.
“Tissue samples were found in three separate places on the rocky outcrops of that cliff, lads, so the coroner’s finding does not seem to contradict your story. There was no injury to Mr Muller that appeared to be caused by anything other than his fall.”
I felt a tremendous sense of relief flood through me and smiled discreetly in Manfred’s direction. Yet Manfred showed me no reaction, his face instead looking drawn and sad.
“As to the death of Isabella Eva Muller,” said Leeson, raising the second report, “the coroner could find no injury whatever to Miss Muller’s body, apart from one bruise to her cheek. That, however, was not the cause of her death, as he found her lungs to be full of water. His decision therefore is that Miss Muller died of drowning. He has also found the death to be suspicious as the body was weighted, indicating probable homicide and the involvement of another party. The Detective Chief Inspector has been called in to further investigate this matter.”
Leeson put the papers down in front of him and looked across the table at each of us. Eva Muller had put her hand to her mouth and was suddenly gasping and sobbing. She apparently had not known that Isabella’s body had been weighted down, but simply that she had been found dead in the water. The sudden horror that her daughter had been murdered was too much and she was soon helped to the police sick bay. Whatever euphoria I had felt with regard to the findings for Herman Muller quickly evaporated with the mention of a murder investigation. I realised that we were not yet out of the woods and would more than likely be considered prime suspects when the investigations began.
For a fleeting moment, when the coroner’s finding on Isabella was delivered, I felt our theory of her demise fly out the window. Quickly, though, I realised it still held water. Herman could, as we theorised, have struck her - hence the bruise - knocked her out, believed she was dead, then carried on as we proposed.
“This matter is now out of my hands,” said Leeson, as we stood to leave the room. “I don’t know what direction the investigations will take, but at the very least the detectives will be speaking with you boys.”
With that, Leeson shook each of us by the hand and directed us back to the entrance area. There we waited until poor Eva was fit to leave. Eventually Mrs Stein went to check on her, and moments later they both emerged, Eva looking pale and distracted.
“Gunter, I think we should take her home. Could you hail a cab please?”
Mr Stein did so and the three of them climbed in. Manfred stayed with me on the street outside the police station, telling his parents he would join them later.
“So, what do you think?” I said to him, as the cab moved off and up the street.
“About what?” he answered, his voice strained and emotional.
I turned to look at him. Tears were rolling down his face as he watched the disappearing hansom.
“Manfred, are you all right?”
There was a momentary pause before he answered.
“I don’t know,” he said.  
He sat down on a nearby bench and cried into his hands. I sat next to him.
“Manny, they haven’t charged us with anything yet. They can’t - we didn’t do this thing to Isabella. You know that and I know that. I doubt it will even come to us being charged.”
Manfred wiped his eyes and looked straight ahead and into the street.
“It isn’t that, Alan. It’s everything - everything that has happened. Isabella is dead. She’s never coming back, and I have to live with that.”
I had never seen Manfred like this before. The effect of the situation in which we found ourselves was building within him. He had been emotional throughout the last twenty-four hours, but instead of that lessening with the passage of time, it seemed to be getting worse. For the next half-hour we sat there and talked, although Manfred said very little. Then he stood, as further up the street he spied another hansom unloading its fare.
“Sorry, Alan,” he said. “I’m going to call this cab and go back to Aunt Eva’s place. Are you all right to find your way to the railway station?”
“Yes, of course,” I replied, and a moment later Manfred bade me farewell and climbed into the cab.
“Keep in touch,” I called out, as he pulled away from the curb. In a matter of seconds he was gone and I could not believe how quickly it had all happened. I was suddenly alone with my few belongings, standing on the streets of a strange town. There was a powerful sense of finality in that moment, a difficult thing here to describe. It felt like the end of a chapter. The part of the adventure, for want of a better word, that had bonded the two of us so tightly together, seemed over in the blink of an eye as Manfred bade me farewell and was gone. I felt oddly abandoned. I stood without moving, realising then that much more than he needed me, Manfred needed his family and the safe cocoon of his parent’s protective arms. This business had shaken the both of us and it was not over yet, and though I did not realise it at the time, I was just beginning to see the toll it would take on Manfred and the price he would eventually pay.
Before I headed off I took a final look at the police building behind me and was shocked to see Deputy Chief Constable Leeson standing in the main doorway, watching me. His look was unyielding, his expression unchanging as he stared. As disturbed as I was by the vision, I returned his gaze only briefly. He had unsettled me yet again, and quickly I departed in search of the Dorchester South Railway Station. I seemed to find my way there instinctively, for within minutes I had arrived and organised my passage back to London, where I would change trains and head east to Sudbury.
The buildings and road networks of Dorchester petered away and were overtaken by the rolling fields of the countryside. As they were overtaken, a terrible aching sadness overwhelmed me. There is a particular loneliness that only a train ride can bring on, and when the circumstances preceding that ride are tragic and depressing, the sensation becomes the worse for it. I battled to contain my emotions, tears welling in my eyes and a constant choking in my throat as the railway tracks clacked in steady rhythm beneath me. Staring out the window so as not to make a spectacle, I was unable to exactly pinpoint that which fired my sudden grief. I decided it was the whole of the tragedy that drove my sadness and not one particular aspect. It was the loss of life, the terrible fears, the dark shadow cast by the law, but most of all I supposed, it was the effect these dreadful events had had on Manfred and on his poor, stricken aunt.
Many hours later I arrived in my hometown of Sudbury, the place in which I had grown up, the one place on earth where I knew every street. The sun was almost set as I made my way home, a half-mile walk from the station. I felt the warmth and familiarity that such a place brings as I passed along her cobbled arteries, and everywhere I looked I saw the landmarks of my youth. Sudbury was my safety net, the comforting shroud that wraps the crying baby; that was how it felt that night, for my nerves had been sorely tested and seemed to lay bare on the very surface of my skin. Never before had I been so glad to see my old hometown. I would have preferred that my parents had been there, but as they were still some days away, I used my key to open the door and once again cross the threshold of our precious family home. Once I was inside I opened the house and allowed what breeze there was to waft through. Having been locked up for some weeks, there was a smell of mustiness throughout. It was now nearly dark, so I lit the main lamps in the living room and in the hallway. I remembered how the beach house had relied solely on candles, and how much less frightening it might have been with modern lighting. Once I had brightened the home I headed next door to the Applebys, just to let them know I was back. They had been wonderful neighbours to my parents for many years, their place as familiar to me as our own family home.
The Applebys seemed delighted to see me, Mrs Appleby insisting I stay for tea as she was just about to serve it up. She could see I was stiff in my movements and wanted to know if I had hurt myself. I told her it was nothing serious, just a small mishap while I was down at the Cape with Manfred. Then we got talking about other things. I was keen to divert the conversation to other topics, so we discussed everything from my studies at college to local events, politics to war, whatever it took, just so as I did not have to discuss my time at Cape Terrible.
It must have been almost midnight by the time I returned next door, having enjoyed the most pleasant evening I had had for some nights. Crawling into bed in the comfort of the room in which I had grown up was indeed a supreme luxury, and though my ribs were still rather sore, I slept like a baby until well after the sun had risen in the morning sky. When I arose I went into the yard and greeted Oscar, my family’s golden spaniel. Oscar was old and very deaf and I had deliberately not disturbed him the night before as he had been asleep in his kennel. He was excited to see me. The Applebys had been feeding him in my parent’s absence, but I guessed it was the companionship of his family that he had truly missed. He jumped and wagged his tail and cuddled into me the way a loving pet does, and as he did I suddenly started to weep. I did not understand why, but I held Oscar and remembered when he was young, and I in my early teens, and we would run across the fields together and down to the stream for a swim. It seemed so wrong that he had grown so old so fast.
I spent most of the day with Oscar, even took him back to that place we had both loved. He swam and splashed and it filled him with new life. We returned across the fields and I spent the remainder of the day seated in the yard reading with Oscar asleep at my feet. Most every day was spent in this fashion, save for one when it rained. On that day I tried to acquaint myself with the new topics I would face on my return to college. I greatly enjoyed those few days alone with just Oscar to keep me company. The Applebys were there when I needed human company, so all in all, those few quiet days were pleasant. Despite this, I still felt anxious to see my parents and little sister, but when I thought of the tales of horror I had to tell them, my stomach twinged with nervousness.
On the day before they returned, a letter arrived with the Dorchester postmark. It was from Manfred. Herman Muller had been buried the day before. Manfred had attended out of family duty and wrote that most of those in attendance were unknown to him. A notable exception had been Deputy Chief Constable Leeson, who had unexpectedly appeared and was dressed in civilian clothes. Even his Aunt Eva was uncertain as to whom many of the people in attendance were, but Gunter Stein knew all the faces and knew them to be Herman’s drinking companions - rough-heads like him, tarred with the same brush. Manfred went on to write that Isabella was being buried that day, causing a pang of guilt to pass through me as I read it, for I would not be there to support my friend. I looked at the clock on the kitchen mantle and realised from the time indicated in Manfred’s correspondence that the funeral was happening at that very moment. In my mind I could visualise the scene. There would be a solemn church, filled with Isabella’s young friends. They would all be crying, and down the front somewhere would be Eva Muller, racked with despair and grief, Manfred nearby and feeling those same deep emotions. Manfred’s letter was brief and to the point. There was little elaboration or expressions of emotion, but there was a sad detachment in his writing, and between his lines I was able to read the depressed state of his mind. Nothing, I thought, but time could heal this, time and a positive outcome for us when the mystery of her death became fully explored.
Ironically, I was just having that very thought when a knock came at the front door. Putting down Manfred’s letter, I moved to answer it, and was not entirely surprised to see two suited gentleman, stern faces the pair of them, standing on the stoop.
“Good morning, sir. Would you be Alan Robertson?”
I said that I was and they announced themselves as Detective Chief Inspector Alistair Duncan and Detective Robert Brien, here in the investigation into the death of Isabella Eva Muller. I invited the pair of them in and the three of us took seats at the kitchen table. For more than an hour the two of them questioned me as to the exact circumstances, as I understood them, that preceded Isabella’s disappearance. I explained the story just as I had told Deputy Chief Constable Leeson and I do not believe I differed on a single point. Again, as with Leeson, the detectives harked back to the details of the argument that had driven Isabella off, and did I think it possible that Manfred had done away with her?
“Absolutely not,” I said, firmly. “I was with Manfred the whole time. I saw Isabella storm up the road in a fury, after which Manfred and I went boating. As I have said, we didn’t know she was missing until later.”
The detectives looked at each other, then Duncan said, “Alan, if Manfred Stein did do this and you were merely caught up in it, you will be doing yourself a great favour in coming clean. You must understand that if this goes to court and you’re found guilty you could both hang for it. On the other hand, if you tell us the truth - tell us what really happened - there will be leniency for you. Just being there is not a capital offence. We don’t believe for a moment that you were the perpetrator, but we do suspect that you’re covering for your friend. Ask yourself, Alan, would he do the same for you?”
I felt very angry with this. Why would these people not believe us?
“Of course he would,” I bit back.
Their eyes widened.
“So you are covering for him?”
In horror, I realised what I had said.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it. We’ve told the truth. Why won’t you believe it?”
“Because we have no reason to believe it. Your story is just one of a number of possibilities and there’s nobody else to support it. How do we know Isabella didn’t instead go sailing with you both, a fight broke out and Manfred drowned her? Then the pair of you tried to sink her body in the rock pool.”
“Well, why wouldn’t we sink her in the bay? It would be easier and less dangerous than hauling her body all the way up to the falls.”
The pair looked at each other again. Brien furrowed his brow as though trying to find a reasonable answer to that.
“Because,” he said, after a moment, “you had nothing in the boat with which to weight her body, or perhaps you feared the tide would wash her in. There is any number of reasons that could be put forward.”
My face was growing warm.
“Even if what you say is right, that she did come boating with us, what makes it murder? Who’s to say that she didn’t fall overboard and drown accidentally?”
“The fact that you didn’t report it - the fact that you tried to conceal the body.”
“We did no such thing,” I said, angrily.  “All you’re doing here is theorising. You have no proof of any of this. I know you don’t because it doesn’t exist, and it can’t exist because what I’m telling you is true.”
Duncan exhaled in a somewhat frustrated way.
“Alright, Alan,” he said, “suppose that what you are telling us is actually true. How do you suppose Isabella died?”
I looked incredulously at the pair of them.
“Has Leeson told you nothing?”
“Meaning what?”
“That her father did this to her. Herman Muller murdered his daughter in a fit of rage.”
Both men chuckled openly and again I was angered.
“Oh, this is rich,” said Brien. “Blame it on a dead man.”
“He did it, I swear to you. Manfred and I offered this idea to Leeson. We think we know what happened. I can’t believe he hasn’t informed you of this.”
“Well, he hasn’t,” said Duncan, seriously. “Perhaps you had better tell us your idea.”
“Alright,” I said, “it goes like this. Manfred and Isabella have their quarrel and she leaves, just as we have said. We go boating while she heads back to Dorchester on foot.”
At this point, Detective Brien interrupted. “You see, I find that hard to believe to begin with. Nobody would attempt to travel such a great distance as that on foot.”
“Well, I’m telling you that’s what she set out to do, although she most probably had it in mind to call for transport from the Wilson’s telephone, or convince Bevis Carmichael to run her back to town.”
The detectives both nodded and seemed to accept this as reasonable. I then continued with our theory.
“We contend that part of the way back, and this is why Mrs Carmichael didn’t see her, Isabella decided to return to the beach house to blow off a little more steam at Manfred. You must understand, she was absolutely livid when she left. On returning to the house she found it vacated, Manfred and I having gone boating. She then lets herself in with her key and plays a vengeful joke on us by removing and hiding the only lighting the house had. She then leaves via the front door, only to see her father arrive in one the rages for which he was famous. He knows his daughter and Manfred are involved and strongly disapproves. He has come to take her back, and probably unleash some anger on Manfred as well. When he realises Manfred is not home he thrusts his dagger into the door then turns on his daughter. They argue fiercely and Herman strikes Isabella so hard that he knocks her out. She goes down and he thinks he’s actually killed her. If you do your background check on this man you’ll find he was violent and often the worse for drink. Then, believing she is dead, he has travelled cross-country to the forest, taken her body to the bottom of the falls and weighted her down in the rock pool. This explains her death by drowning and also the bruise to her face. The dagger remained in the door simply because he forgot to remove it.”
Both detectives sat in thought for a moment, then Duncan spoke.
“But it was Herman who went to the police and announced Isabella was missing - and it was he who travelled with Leeson and Taylor in search of her.”
“Part of his act,” I said.
Detective Brien turned to his companion and spoke.
“You know, Alistair, it’s not uncommon for a murderer to make himself helpful in an effort to remove suspicion.”
For one hopeful moment I thought I was actually getting somewhere with the two detectives, but the feeling was short-lived.
Duncan nodded at Detective Brien, then turned his attention back to me.
“Of course,” he said, “yours is just one more theory, Alan. Let’s face it, the pair of you had plenty of time to dream it up. One problem I do have is that if Muller killed his daughter, why would he have pursued you and Manfred with such vengeance as you’ve both earlier described?”
“Because he wanted to pin it on us, and he was mad, and drunk, and hated Manfred anyway.”
The detective was shaking his head.
“No - no, I don’t think so. He clearly believed you two were responsible. However, we will investigate if there’s any substance to what you say. We certainly don’t want to convict the wrong person, or persons.”
There was a little further discussion, clarification of points and so forth, then the detectives rose to leave.
“So, you’re not arresting me, then?” I could feel my voice trembling as I spoke.
“No, lad,” said Duncan. “These are only preliminary interviews. We’ll head down to Dorchester now and talk with Manfred, then go from there out to the Cape, but we will be in touch again soon.”
       The pair each shook my hand as they took their leave, and again I was left feeling angry, frightened, and unsettled.  

Chapter twelve   

My sleep was restless that night. Over and over, the features of Detectives Duncan and Brien were recalled to mind. I would be almost asleep and one or the other of their faces would flash forward from out of the darkness. In the end I gave up and lay awake, again reliving all that had gone before. I wondered how Manfred had got on with his interview, and I wondered if the detectives had also spoken with Eva Muller. She might have been the one person best able to paint that blackest picture - the one of her dead husband’s soul. From Dorchester the detectives had gone to Cape Terrible. It was there they would have investigated the entire stage upon which this terrible tragedy had played out. I wondered if Deputy Chief Constable Leeson had travelled with them as tour guide. It interested me that Leeson had attended Herman Muller’s funeral, and all the more so because he had evidently done so as a private gesture. I wondered how well the two had known each other. If they had been friends it might account for why Leeson had refused to accept that Muller could have done away with his daughter.
This was the day my parents and sister were due to return. What a tale I had to tell, and how unfortunate that I should have to dampen the enthusiasm with which they would otherwise tell of their travels. It was raining again outside and for a time I lay in bed and listened to its patter on the roof. Before very long, however, I was up and pacing the house, wondering how exactly I would embark on such a conversation with my parents. For them to be told that their one son, for whom I knew such high hopes were held, might face charges relating to a murder would be an enormous shock. My one saving grace was the knowledge of my innocence of any crime, and my parents would never doubt that. They had never met Manfred but had heard me speak of him, and if I said he was innocent as well, they would believe that, too.
It was early afternoon when the hansom cab pulled up alongside the curb. I watched from the window as, first my father, and then my mother and sister alighted. As the cab pulled away I exited the front door to greet them, the rain having stopped.
“Let me take something,” I said, gripping my mother’s case.
“Hello Alan,” she said sweetly, and gave me a mother’s hug.
“Alan, old boy, good to see you,” said my father, and heartily wrung my hand.
Finally, little Alice gave me a hug and a smile. We all went inside and I made a pot of tea while the luggage was temporarily put away in one of the bedrooms.
For the next hour or so they told me of their exotic train ride through Europe, and of the quaint, old-world places they visited. The trip had been an unbridled success and would give these wonderful parents things to talk about for years to come. Before raising my own issues I waited until Alice had gone outside to see Oscar.
“You’ve not asked me about my time at Cape Terrible.”
“Oh, Alan,” said Mother, “we’re so sorry. When did you get back?”
“A few days ago. But listen, there is something you need to know. It’s just as well Alice is outside for the moment. Some terrible things have happened. Mother, did you notice that I winced when you hugged me? I have some damaged ribs, but they’re healing. Each day they’re getting better.”
“Alan, what happened?” she said. “Has a doctor seen them?”
“Yes. Don’t be too alarmed, but I spent a couple of nights in Dorset County Hospital.”
“Dear God, what happened?”
By this stage I had fully captured my parents’ attention. Their faces showed their concern, my mother constantly flashing side-glances towards my father.
“It’s as well you’re seated,” I said, “because the story I’m about to tell will be difficult for you to believe.”
From there I relayed my tale chronologically, sticking to the facts of our predicament only and deleting anything I deemed supernatural. Certainly my embarrassment would have prevented me from discussing anything to do with my encounter on that first night. Besides, such matters had little to do with things from a legal standpoint. Even the police were not made privy to that information. Lord knows what judgements they might have made had we said the beach house was haunted.
“The problem we now face,” I said in conclusion, “is that the investigators, as well as the uniformed branch, seem unprepared to accept our story as the truth. I admit we have little to back it up, just our words of honour, and the alternate theory we’ve put forward.”
My parents were, as I expected, deeply shocked, my mother fighting back her tears and endeavouring to hold me.
“No, no,” she kept repeating. “Oh Graeme, don’t let them take our boy.”
The two were devastated by my news, any further discussion of their holiday abandoned. The more we talked the angrier my mother became, her fury almost substituting her grief.
“This creature - this Herman - how dare he threaten my son? How dare he endanger your life like that, Alan?” Then she burst into tears as mothers sometimes do. “We might have come home to find you dead! Oh my God, you were so lucky, dear. You say he chased you with a club?”
“Yes, I’m afraid he did.”
“And you could so easily have fallen from that cliff and onto the rocks. Thank the Lord for that tree. That dreadful man - how dare he do that?”
“It’s all right, Mother,” I said, as I put my arm around her. “That man is dead.”
“And that’s now a part of the problem, isn’t it?” added my father, thoughtfully.
“Yes, it is,” I agreed. “He can’t be questioned. The detectives will never have the opportunity to interview him and perhaps trick the truth out of him - to corner him in a lie. There is only our word, and we have to trust that they will eventually believe us.”
“This dagger, Alan,” said my father, “can this be tied to him? It might give an indication of what the man was capable of.”
“Perhaps,” I said. “I’m not even sure where it is. I suppose it would be somewhere back at the beach house.”
“I think it’s important that we find it. If his widow can identify it as his, it could be crucial.”
That afternoon my father and I headed into Sudbury’s business area, despatching a telegram to Manfred regarding the possible importance of the dagger. Did he still have it or could he lay his hands on it?
It was the following day when we received our reply. A telegram came from Manfred. He had apparently accompanied the detectives to Cape Terrible, along with his father. They also had wanted to see the dagger. Manfred felt sure he had left it inside the house on the day we made our flight to the forest, but it could not be found anywhere.
The news was indeed a blow. Finding the dagger would not prove that Muller had killed his daughter, but it might have supported the idea that he was in the area at the time she disappeared. I tried to theorise what could have become of it. More than likely, Herman Muller, once he had broken down the front door, had gone through the house from room to room, searching for us. He would not immediately have known we had escaped out the back. He may have found the dagger in one of the rooms and taken it with him as an additional weapon. If that was the case it should have been on his person when his body was removed from the forest, or else lying nearby. Of course there was also the possibility he had dropped it somewhere along the way as he pursued us.
That afternoon I took the train back to London, then Dorchester. I had to see Manfred face to face. I met him at his parent’s house and we sat in the living room discussing the whole matter. Manfred was not the person I had known; he was morose, extremely withdrawn, and answers had to be prompted from him.
“The dagger, if it could be found, could help enormously,” said Mr Stein.
“And it can’t have been on Muller’s body, or the police would have found it,” I added. “I suppose it might have bounced into the stream and be in amongst the rocks, or it could be lying in the field somewhere between the beach house and the forest.”
“It might even be in the forest itself, alongside the path,” said Mrs Stein. “He could have dropped it anywhere, I suppose.”
We agreed that I would stay the night in Dorchester, and the following morning we would all travel back to the Cape and conduct a thorough search. Manfred said nothing, just stared at the floor, nodding his assent that he would come. Mr Stein immediately went into town and booked our passage for the following day.
The next day was cool and breezy, and the four of us set out about nine o’clock in the morning. On Gunter Stein’s advice we stopped at the police station and advised them of our intended search. The Deputy Chief Constable was strongly against the idea, saying that professionals were handling the matter. Mr Stein, however, was quite insistent, so Leeson asked us to wait a moment while he sought advice. When he returned he asked that Constable Taylor accompany us, and it was agreed.
When we arrived at Cape Terrible the sky was overcast and grey and the wind was blowing strongly from the west. The house was not re-searched as it had been thoroughly gone over already. I noticed that a new front door had been fitted, the remains of the old one having been taken away, I supposed as potential evidence.
“Even if we don’t find this dagger,” I said to Constable Taylor, “the damage it did to the door will still be obvious.”
The constable acknowledged my words with an almost imperceptible nod of his head.
We headed off across the fields, five abreast, each of us a few feet apart. We took the route from the back of the beach house to the forest, following as near as possible the path that had been taken that day. Nothing was found. Nor was anything found in the forest, despite our searching for hours. With little consideration for my damaged ribs, I even descended the drop that killed Herman Muller and searched the point where he had landed on the rocks. I peered into the stream; the water was clear as it bubbled over the smooth river rocks, but alas, there was no dagger.
Disheartened, we returned the way we had come, resuming our formation but again coming up empty handed. I suppose we would have been more than fortunate to have found that for which we searched, but it was not to be, and so we returned to Dorchester that afternoon. To my way of thinking, our failure did not mean the dagger was not there. It simply meant we had not been able to find it.
I did not return to the Stein house once we reached Dorchester. Nobody had much left to say at that point and Manfred had become quite uncommunicative. I was dropped at the railway station, but before I headed for the train I pulled Mr Stein aside. I told him I was concerned for Manfred’s state of mind, that perhaps some help should be sought for him. He nodded seriously, then I headed inside.
The train pulled away from the platform with a whistle and a jolt, the sound of the steam engine clearly audible as it pulled along the gradient out of town. The buildings quickly vanished and the wide countryside opened up, and all the way back to Sudbury I worried about Manfred. He was no longer the young man I had befriended in London. Gone was the adventurer. Gone were the high spirits and devil-may-care attitude. The winds of fate had blown these from his sails and to me he was just like the Mary Celeste - sailing alone, lost on the high seas.
The day was nearly done when I alighted, and from Sudbury station I made my way home once more. I broke the news to my parents that no dagger had been found, their faces growing long as they listened. I then sat out in the yard, hearing from Alice all the exciting things she had seen in Europe, and playing ball with Oscar. Yet deep in my mind I wondered where all this was going, the dreadful scenario that had unfolded on the Cape, and what the eventual implications would be.
The following day I began to see the direction more clearly. Detectives Duncan and Brien arrived mid-morning and asked me to accompany them to the Sudbury police station. I asked them why, and they informed me there were a few matters that needed to be resolved. My mother wept openly as I stepped up and into their cart, she seeming to sense that no good would come of this. Looking back as we left, I saw my father with his arm around her, the pair watching as we headed away.
When we arrived at the station I was taken through into an interrogation room where I was once more made to state my version of events leading up to the disappearance of Isabella. I told my story again, just as I had before.
“And, of course, this dagger has not been found,” said Duncan. “Constable Taylor has told us that another search was made yesterday.”
“Yes, I was there,” I responded, “but just because it hasn’t been found doesn’t mean it never existed.”
“That’s true,” he said, “but you must admit, your story would be a lot more credible if either yourself or Manfred could produce it. We’ve spoken to Eva Muller and she could neither confirm nor deny a dagger belonging to her husband, or that it be missing.”
“Believe me,” I said, “Mrs Muller knew very little about her husband. She barely knew anybody at the funeral. Did she at least confirm his violent nature?”
“Yes,” said Duncan, frowning as he shuffled some papers before him. “Yes, she did say he had a temper. But Manfred knew that, too, didn’t he? And that knowledge would fit nicely into your story, wouldn’t it?”
Once more I was becoming angry.
“Manfred and I are not lying,” I said, my voice raised.
The Detective Chief Inspector looked back at me sternly, joining his hands and leaning forward a little on the desk.
“It’s not just the dagger, Alan,” he said. “We spoke with Mrs Carmichael, and she never saw Herman Muller go past her door on the day Isabella disappeared. She confirmed that she had been in the front yard for most of the day, and when she was not, she was certainly within earshot of any passing horse and cart. She simply cannot confirm in any way your version of events.”
With that, the two detectives, one sitting and one standing, looked sideways at each other then back to me, Duncan speaking once more.
“Alan Robertson, it gives me no pleasure to do this,” he said, “but I’m placing you under arrest as being involved in the murder of Isabella Eva Muller. I will now read you your rights and we suggest you engage yourself a legal representative.”
My mouth fell open as I stared back across the desk. In reality, I probably appeared more surprised than I actually was. I think I had known in my heart that things were headed this way. My rights were then read to me.
“And Manfred?” I asked.
“Already picked up - being held in Dorchester.”
“We didn’t do this.”
Duncan picked up his papers and put them into his brief case.
“You’ll have your chance in court,” he said, a tone of finality in his voice.
My parents were contacted and advised to find me some representation, while I was taken to the lockup at the rear of the building. The sound of that barred steel door clanking shut behind is something that will remain forever. Within the hour my parents arrived with David Harcourt, local law practitioner, and known to my father. Mr Harcourt was given time to interview me, taking down all the particulars. Having been advised of my rights, Mr Harcourt ran over them again, making sure I fully understood. He told me that he would not handle my case in court but would contact a colleague of his in Dorchester, where, the following day, Manfred and I were to face a magistrate, that being to see if indeed there was a case to answer. As it turned out, Manfred had engaged the same man, a one Kenneth Macalister, well known in Dorchester, having practised law in the area for many a long year.
Needless to say, I slept hardly at all that night. The lockup was cold, the bunk bed hard, and there was but one blanket, worn thin with age, to cover me. Of course, it was my mind that kept me awake rather than the primitive conditions of my detention. Yet, oddly enough, there was a sense of relief in the back of my mind, something initially I found hard to reconcile. I came to realise it actually stemmed from the action of the police and their investigators, for no matter how misguided they were, there was at least no more wondering. Tomorrow, Manfred and I would face the magistrate, and surely he would see the degree of doubt that existed within the charges laid. He would surely not waste time in convening a court and calling a jury when reasonable doubt seemed so obvious. Yet, as soon as I would convince myself of that, my mind would fill with negative thoughts; after all, who would have thought things could have progressed even this far?
Dawn broke through the small barred window on the wall, and before long a spartan breakfast was brought to me. Within the hour I was taken, my hands manacled as one, outdoors and placed in the police coach, bound for Sudbury railway station and eventually Dorchester. Officers sat quietly on either side of me as the hoof beats clipped along ahead of us. I made no conversation with them and they offered none in return.
Later, on reaching my destination, I was placed in a cell alongside Manfred. He looked at me through vacant eyes as I tried to force a smile. Soon the stone wall was between us, which prevented me from seeing him at all, although I was able to speak to him through the bars at the front. He was still very quiet. I was barely able to extract a greeting before being told by our guard to move back in the cell and be quiet.
“We’re not convicted yet,” I snapped back at the young officer.
He did not reply but kept reading his newspaper.
Half an hour later Mr Macalister arrived, announcing to us that we were about to be taken into the courthouse, which, as it turned out, was alongside the police station. He had all our particulars and copies of our statements with him. When we came out and onto the street, manacled both and surrounded by police and attorneys, the experience was daunting. By then the press had arrived, reporters firing questions, and all the while photographers were busy at their work.
“Just keep moving,” said Macalister, “and don’t say a thing.”
We pushed our way through and into the court, the doors being closed behind us and the press locked out. Manfred and I stood side by side as the magistrate heard the case against us. Mr Macalister argued the lack of material evidence, stating that everything presented was circumstantial. The magistrate, however, found in favour of the police, convinced that Manfred and I had lied about the dagger in an effort to frame a dead man. Secondly, he maintained that we were the only two known to be definitely in the area at the time, as nobody along the road, including Mrs Carmichael, had seen Herman Muller anywhere in the vicinity that day. Indeed, to our shock, there was documentation presented which proved that Muller had been at work at the time Isabella disappeared. The magistrate also believed there was motive on our part because of Manfred’s disagreement with Isabella prior to her death.
I felt sick at the finding, going weak at the knees, and for a moment having to be supported by two police officers. Manfred and I were committed to stand trial for the murder of Isabella Muller, and the trial date was set one month hence. It was to be a Crown Court, convened in the same building.  

Chapter thirteen   

Manfred and I were held in custody until the trial date. We were placed together in the same cells we had already briefly known at the rear of Dorset County Police Station. My recollection of being led from the courthouse and back to the station is one of supreme disorientation. I felt as though I was floating above the scene, looking down on the mayhem of reporters and local residents that had milled around. Even now when I think about it, I see it from above, as though sitting in a tree and watching the madness below. My memory of the moment is one of extreme yet muffled noise, the press competing insanely for their stories, the locals pointing and screaming abuse at us.
The cell doors clanged shut behind us and I knew this would be our home for the next month, during which time Kenneth Macalister would prepare our defence. I sat on the bunk bed, my face in my hands, disbelieving the horror story that had so suddenly enveloped my life. My greatest shock had been the undeniable documentation that had been presented, proving that Herman Muller could not have been anywhere near Cape Terrible when his daughter vanished. How could this be? Manfred and I had quite come to believe that Isabella’s father had been responsible for her death, and with our theory now shot to bits, we had little to offer. Even the dagger that could not be found; I suddenly found myself doubting its existence. After all, if Herman had not been there that day, how did the dagger come to be jammed in the door?
Our weeks in the police lockup were miserable and depressing. The weather had suddenly turned cold and the nights were freezing. To their credit, the police did provide us each with an additional blanket, and the officers themselves were not unpleasant to us in the time we were there. The food was basic but wholesome and we were allowed visits from immediate family, and of course from Mr Macalister as he prepared our case. My parents appeared to age in those few weeks, their happy natures transformed, their faces drawn and lined with worry. My mother could barely contain her sadness and shook when she spoke with me. I believe I felt more sorry for her than I did for myself. Alice came along once or twice, but this was not a place for a little girl, so mother and father generally would have her cared for. Gunter and Miranda Stein called regularly, being native to Dorchester. On these occasions I would hear Manfred’s voice, though his words were few; in fact I had all but given up trying to converse with him after the first week. It was not that he blamed me in any way for anything. He was just lost in his own hell, the full realisation of everything that had happened impacting so heavily on his mind. Regardless of what had transpired, I knew Manfred blamed himself for the death of Isabella. At times I thought he would rather the court find him guilty of her murder, for at least then his conscience might know some peace.
Kenneth Macalister worked hard with what he had. He had already argued the lack of material evidence connecting Manfred and I to the crime, an effort on his part that had failed once, when put before the magistrate. He had little else to work with. Neither Manfred nor I had anything in our past that would go against us, and as Macalister said, that would work to our advantage in convincing a jury of our good character. He was also able to bring together character references for us both - people who knew us and would vouch for us. Unfortunately, there was nobody other than Manfred and I to state what actually happened in the lead up to Isabella’s disappearance or the eventual finding of her body, so in the eyes of the jury we might be telling the truth, or equally, we might be lying.
With every passing day, the trial grew nearer and my nerves grew more ragged. Manfred had withdrawn completely, not talking to or acknowledging anybody, his parents and Mr Macalister included. On two occasions a physician had been called to him but he would not co-operate in any way. It was as though the cell alongside was unoccupied, so quiet was he in those days preceding our trial.
Finally, the opening day of the trial came, and once more Manfred and I were taken, manacled like wild beasts, into the courtroom next door. Again the reporters were there, and so was the public, but by now the outrage had died slightly and our movement was a little more ordered and peaceful. The place was daunting. There were so many official people, from police to court staff, barristers and assistants, people dressed in suits and robes. Strangely, I think it was the white wigs that most conveyed to me the solemn and serious feel within the room on that first dreadful day.
The court was brought to order, and high on the bench before us sat an ageing, stern-faced man. He was clad in a robe so ornate he might have been a king, and on his head was another of those intimidating legal wigs. His name was Thaddeus Baumgarten, the revered crown court judge.
Opening speeches were made from both sides prior to evidence being presented. The prosecution argued that Manfred and I had both opportunity and motive, that it was the extreme nature of the disagreement between Manfred and Isabella that had so enraged Manfred that he could commit murder. It was contended that Manfred had struck Isabella, then believed her to be dead. Photographic evidence of the blow was shown to the court - the bruising to the side of her head. The prosecution then claimed that I had assisted Manfred in taking Isabella to the forest in order that we should sink her in the rock-pool. In effect, the prosecution had taken our idea and used it against us, for we had supposed the same scenario but with Herman Muller the perpetrator. The fact that Herman could not have done the deed worked against us, firmly pointing the finger of logic back in our direction. The prosecution then did a marvellous job of portraying us as liars, citing the mysterious dagger which had never resurfaced, and the way we had used it in order to point the blame at Isabella’s father.
They tore apart the theory we had presented to the police, proving that Herman Muller had been at work, and stating further that nobody had seen Muller in the area that day. It was certainly true that nobody came forward to say otherwise. They even called Mrs Carmichael to testify to that end. Even the circumstances that led to Herman’s death - the way he pursued us in a murderous rampage - did not sway the court. In fact it was said that Manfred and I had destroyed the door of the beach house in order to set up evidence against Muller. The prosecution argued that if indeed Herman Muller had pursued us in a rage, it was because he was convinced we had harmed his daughter.
There was little that Macalister could do to swing the jury back our way. He presented his character witnesses, including the head of Manfred’s faculty. He argued furiously the lack of material evidence, but by then the case was lost, and after only two hours of deliberation the jury members returned their verdict. They found Manfred guilty of murder and me guilty as an accessory after the fact. As Isabella’s cause of death had been drowning, Manfred may have escaped with manslaughter had the alleged blow actually killed her and no attempt was made to conceal. But it was the sinking of Isabella into the water that had actually taken her life. I was not guilty of murder in the eyes of the court because, believing Isabella was dead, I was only assisting in the disposal and concealment of the body. If the prosecution had in fact been accurate in the story they presented, it would be hard to see that Manfred could be guilty of murder regardless, as at no point was intent proven. It was, however, argued that having committed a serious assault, he then caused the victim’s death as an action stemming directly from that event.
The entire trial lasted just three days and the courtroom erupted in noise as the verdict was handed down. Baumgarten was banging his gavel furiously to silence the crowd, my heart pounding heavily in my chest as beads of cold sweat rose upon my brow. I looked at Manfred. His head was lowered and his face was the colour of slate. When normality was restored, Baumgarten ordered that sentencing would be set for the following day at eleven a.m. Manfred and I were then led back through the savage and excited crowd and placed in our same cells for one more night.
One more night in the Dorset County Police cells - one more night that would stay with me forever. Again the steel door slammed shut, telling us we were not fit for society. I fell on the bed then vomited on the floor. Next to me I could hear Manfred weeping in his cell. Before long Macalister turned up, advising us to stay calm, that he believed there was grounds for appeal. I was shaking as he spoke, and I, too, felt the tears welling in my eyes - tears of terror and tears of frustration. Our parents visited briefly but were soon whisked away. I lay on the bed and stared at the mottled ceiling. Manfred was inconsolable in the adjoining cell. I tried to speak with him and he muttered a few garbled words, but for an hour or more he did not stop crying.
The afternoon wore on and an evening meal was brought to each of us. I managed a few mouthfuls but Manfred left his untouched, for I could hear no sound of cutlery.
Night came on and the place resumed the ghostly silence to which I had become so accustomed. I wondered about the sentencing the following day. I wondered what penalty might be applied to me; moreover I wondered what fate Manfred might face. Everybody knew murder to be a capital crime. My body chilled throughout. How could the country we grew up in and loved allow a man to die for a crime he did not commit? I then thought of what Macalister had said - that there might be grounds for appeal. Surely, if an appeal was in place, Manfred could not be executed until a finding was made. But what if that finding was against him? Surely then he must hang. At best he would be gaoled forever.
Hour after long hour went by and I could not fall asleep. My mind raced and revisited every event from that happy day when Manfred and I had headed away from my college, to embark on a week of leisure and relaxation at his family’s beach house. Every movement and every spoken word since that time sprang back to mind, all the horrors at the Cape, every word in court as well; everything revolved in my brain and ricocheted throughout my skull.
Finally, however, sometime in the wee small hours, I drifted into a fitful sleep. My dreams were mares, mirroring my frightened thoughts in every way. I tossed and turned on the cold, uncomfortable bunk.
Then, in a flash, I was wide-awake. It was a sudden snap and a groan that woke me. I lay still on the bed and listened but could hear nothing more. I thought perhaps it was Manfred grumbling and turning in his sleep. Slowly I drifted off again and the hours passed. Then came my next awakening, and it was just as sudden. It came at dawn, just as the morning light was gaining strength in my cell. I heard the word Christ burst from the mouth of a young officer, he having been sent to check on us. I was startled by his sudden cry and sat up quickly, in time to see him rush by me and stand, staring into Manfred’s cell. I jumped off the bunk and hurried to the steel bars.
“What is it?” I demanded to know.
The officer had turned pale with shock and flashed me only a quick sideways glance.
“Oh, Christ Almighty,” he muttered, then raced out of the lockup and into the station proper.
“What is it?” I called after him, then pressed my face between the bars, trying to see what he had seen.
“Manfred,” I yelled out, “Manfred, are you alright?”
There was no answer and a horrible chill went through me. At that moment the young officer returned, accompanied by Deputy Chief Constable Leeson, he having just come on duty. Both ignored me completely and made straight for Manfred’s cell.
“Oh Jesus,” exclaimed Leeson. “Get the coroner, Peters.”
My heart thumped at the words, for they could mean but one thing - Manfred was dead. The young officer ran back out again while Leeson continued to stare into Manfred’s cell.
“What’s happened?” I screamed at Leeson. After a moment he looked at me and calmly replied, “He’s dead, lad. He’s hung himself.”
My body fell slowly to the floor of the cell, my hands still gripping the bars and sliding down with me. At first I did not cry - that came later - but just stared in disbelief across the floor of that miserable place. Poor Manfred, it had all become too much for him. I had seen his state of mind deteriorating and had done what I could to draw attention to it, but Manfred had retreated into a black world of his own and in the end had sought his own way out.
An hour later I watched as my friend’s body was taken from the cell, covered, thankfully, by a grey hospital blanket. He had used his own belt to hang himself, and suddenly I realised the source of that snapping noise and groan that had woken me in the night.
I sat stunned for quite some time, not sure what I was feeling - or if I was feeling anything at all. I was numbed. A short time later I was informed that sentencing had been postponed in the wake of what had happened. It would now take place at four that afternoon.
The press had got wind of Manfred’s death, reporters badgering me as I was led to the courthouse. Mr Macalister, again, and the police, too, shielded me from their menacing ways. Once inside, the mood was even more sombre than one would normally expect, and matters were conducted with minimal pomp and ceremony. It was so ironic; I had feared Manfred would face the death penalty, and now it could not be applied. He had cheated the court of its opportunity to hang him by doing it himself. As tragic as it was, and as heartbroken as I felt, I was glad he had refused the law its chance to kill him. I felt so angry I was burning - and to hell with a system that would allow any of this to happen to innocent people.
In a strange way it was a perfect day for my sentencing, for when Baumgarten delivered his decision I was still numbed by the enormity of Manfred’s death, and it served to shield me from my own pain. Again I felt as though I was outside of myself, seeing the whole process unfold as though watching a play.
I was sentenced to seven years confinement, my time to be served at Dartmoor Prison, Princetown, deep in the southwest county of Devon. That much I understood, but everything else was babble in my ears. I think back now and all I hear is an amalgam of sound - voices blending as one in a hubbub of confusion. From the courthouse I was taken back to the Dorset County cells, where I would spend one more night. The following day I would be transported to Dartmoor.  

Chapter fourteen  

Thinking back, I remember nothing of that final night in the lockup at Dorchester. Everything had ceased to be real and my mind was a jumble. I have no idea whether I slept or not, and really have no recollection of leaving the place the next day. Clearly, I was in a state of shock, for Manfred was dead and I had been sentenced to spend a long period in gaol.
The trip to Dartmoor Prison comes back to me only in sketches, sketches of a long train trip and a moody, changing landscape flashing by the window. I do remember the land becoming more bleak - a wide expanse of rocky terrain interspersed with reedy splotches of grey bog, and in the far distance, giant tors of granite bursting up above the horizon. The sun was falling low in the sky, casting a wide carpet of orange across the undulating landscape, when the guard alongside of me announced we were about to arrive at Princetown. I seem to recall the train slowing at the precise moment he spoke, and soon enough we had come to a halt.
There was nothing but a small wooden station in a place that seemed in the middle of nowhere. Immediately, I was taken from there by trap to my destination. What a bleak sight met my eyes, no sign of any organised civilisation, just a pale, grey building in the distance, standing alone, a stone monolith, and beyond that, nothing but the dismal hills and gathering mist.
If my memory of events prior to this is sketchy, my arrival at Dartmoor Prison serves to compensate. The trap rattled slowly across the uneven ground, the sun now hovering just above the horizon. The last of its rays glowed eerily on the western side of what remains to this day the most daunting building I have ever seen. Steadily it grew larger and more imposing as we approached, and soon took on - at least to my eyes - the appearance of a medieval castle. The walls were tall, hard and grey, and every so often there rose a guard tower, the man and the rifle obvious in each. The building itself stood silent, nothing about it indicating movement or life. Even the guards were motionless, and stared down as we approached. Barring a successful appeal, this horrendous place would be my home for the next seven years. Climbing down from the trap, I took my last look at the world outside those walls, and I am not sure the surrounding country was in any way more attractive than the place that awaited me within. What a barren and bleak setting had been chosen for this gaol, and the encroaching shrouds of mist lessened further whatever beauty there was.
The fog that had so clouded my mind since Manfred’s death was beginning to lift, and the brutal realisation of my situation was now coming home to me in spades. I cannot begin to describe the hollowness of feeling, the inhuman coldness the place conveyed. I shall never forget being marched under the giant stone arch in the outer structure, and then being led inside those heavy walls, the massive wooden gate being swung shut behind. I turned my head and watched as it closed, locking away from me the entire rest of the world. The feeling inside of me was one of devastation and loss, of fear and isolation. I had never as much as seen a prison, let alone been confined to one.
My escorts took me to a dingy office that was adjoined to the lower corridor. There, the necessary paperwork was completed. At the same time I was checked for illegal items and issued with some basic prison clothing. The deputy warden advised me in his brusque way of his expectations of me - that I would be treated fairly if I behaved, but to watch out if I did not. He said I would be expected to work, that there were various tasks assigned to prisoners, some less pleasant than others, and my assignment would depend upon my attitude and my level of co-operation. I was advised of my hours of cell confinement; I would be locked away by seven each night, after evening meals, and would remain there except when employed in one of the workshops, or if I was lucky, when working in the vegetable garden. The prison, he said, was very proud of its level of self-sufficiency in this area. There was also an exercise yard within the walls, and for half an hour each day the inmates were allowed to stroll freely and communicate with one another. I shuddered at the thought. I had no desire to rub shoulders with my country’s criminals.
The deputy warden nodded to the guard and I was then taken to my cell and locked in until mealtime, which was barely half an hour away. Thankfully the cell was my own, one of many cells at Dartmoor that were single occupancy. The cell itself was as small as a tiny bathroom, but dark and miserable. In one corner was a crude bed, the coverings minimal, thin with age and colourless. Next to that was my toilet - a deep pan with a wooden seat and lid. One of the allocated prisoner tasks was to empty these, under the watchful eye of a guard. The door that had closed behind me was a robust wooden affair with an opening of perhaps eight inches square positioned at eye level. There was a flap on the outer side, and the purpose of this was to afford the administration a view into the cell at any time. High on the wall opposite was a tiny window with bars but no glass. Even standing on the bed I could not get high enough to see anything through it, save for the colour of the sky. For all that, though, I was grateful the window was there. It allowed light to stream in on sunny days, and the ventilation it gave helped in removing the stench of the toilet. There was a very small chest in which personal items could be kept, and on the wall there was a rail over which to suspend my clothes.
I could hear movement outside the door, then the flap opened and a face appeared.
“Mealtime. Come on.”
The door swung open and I stepped out into the long corridor, wearing my issued coveralls, and was, for the first time, in the presence of other convicts. As a group, we were marched along to the mess hall, a very large and open room filled with a dozen or more long tables and innumerable chairs. At the far side of the room were the two cooks, standing alongside two huge pots, ladles in their hands and waiting to serve. The other men knew the procedure and I followed their lead. They formed a quiet and orderly queue and passed by a table of plates, each taking one, then, one by one, each plate was filled with a most unsavoury looking gruel. Guards stood with truncheons in each corner of the room and in the middle as well. It surprised me how subdued and well behaved my fellow prisoners were. Each sat, quietly eating with a minimal amount of conversation, but never in my life had I seen so many dejected and disappointed faces. It was as though the life force had been driven collectively from them, and I sensed very little spirit in the room. Each man seemed broken, serving his time and doubtless wishing his choices had been different. I looked at each of them in turn but not too closely. This was all very new to me and I knew nothing of these men in any way.
The man across the table was perhaps in his late forties. He was strongly built and ruddy in his features. When he spoke it was with the thickest Irish voice I had ever heard.
“You got in today, lad? What was it you did to bring you to such a place as dis?”
My eyes darted around the room, from him to the men alongside, who were looking, seemingly also wanting to know, to the various guards and then back to the Irishman.
“I was convicted as an accessory.”
“An accessory to what, might I ask?”
“To murder,” I said, the words gagging in my throat. It seemed incredible to be giving such an answer.
The Irishman’s eyes pierced into mine. They were hard and glassy, but within them I saw a twinkle of merriment. He gave a little chuckle and looked at his mates.
“Murder, you say. ’Tis a big word to come from d’mouth o’ one so young.”
He then reached out his hand. After a moment’s hesitation, I took it.
“My name is Paddy,” he said. “ Dis here is Robert.”
The man next to Paddy nodded. The others had turned their eyes back to their meals.
“We done a bank job,” said Paddy, with a grin. “Me and Robert here. But we should ne’er ha’ done it, lad. Look to where it has put us. Murder, you say?”
“We didn’t do it.”
Paddy chuckled once more, as did his friend, the pair of them seemingly greatly interested by my situation.
“Aye,” he said, “and me and Bobby here ne’er pulled dat bank job neither.”
I decided to let the remark pass. I was not about to air the details of my case in such an open forum or so early into my incarceration. Paddy and Robert seemed highly amused - perhaps by my youth - or perhaps by the earnest way in which I had stated my innocence.
Paddy leaned forward a little, his eyes down.
“Dere is a few tings you need to know about dis place,” he said, quietly. “Where have dey put you to workin’ lad?”
“They have not yet said.”
“Well, you come and see me and Robert here in d’yard tomorrow. We’ll put you right about a few tings.”
I felt myself flinch, but nodded my head in agreement as I wondered what a meeting with these two chaps might entail. My eyes fell back to the grey stodge that filled my plate.
It was not long later that the meal was concluded. The food had been edible, but that was about all that could be said for it. Immediately after, I again found myself locked away in my cell. The feeling was claustrophobic and stifling. There was no lighting at night except along the corridors, so the darkness was absolute.
I feel no shame in admitting that I wept that first night. I wept for myself and for my situation. I wept, too, for my parents, for I knew their hearts would be breaking. I wept for Eva Muller, and for Gunter and Miranda Stein. But most of all, I wept for my dear, departed friend, Manfred.  I do not remember my tears coming to an end; I must have cried myself to sleep and then some. My dreams that night were dark and distorted, full of images and memories, of death and madness, of ghostly faces that came in the night, and of sex.  

Chapter fifteen   

The administration assigned me to work in the laundry, and so I was taken there after roll call the next day. The laundry was a fairly small area in the very east corner of the prison. A guard kept watch from the door as I toiled in the company of three other men. The work was basic and unchanging, offering little stimulus for an active mind, but I was shown how to repair tears in garments and other items and how to operate the simple hand driven machinery. I was fortunate to be placed with amiable enough workmates, helpful when I had a problem and none of them shirking their share of the load.
At midday we took a break in the mess hall with the other inmates. A very basic bread meal was given us and washed down with water. The bread, I learned, was produced by other inmates in the prison’s own bakery. It was after another hour’s work that we were each allowed into the exercise yard.
The exercise yard was just a large open-air courtyard with a dirt floor, surrounded on three sides by high stone walls - twenty feet or more - and on the fourth side by the wall of the gaol proper. A guard was positioned in each of two corner turrets, those being part of the outer wall of the prison. Uneasily, I roamed about the yard, watched the whole time, as we all were, by the sentries holding their guns. Many of the other prisoners prized this time of day in order that they might enjoy one of their rationed cigarettes.
“And how are you fittin’ in, lad?” came a sudden voice. I turned to see Paddy and Robert standing behind me.
“No problems so far,” I cautiously answered, and tried to force a smile.
“Good, good. Dere’s a bit of a way o’ tings in dis place, you know,” said Paddy, seemingly getting straight down to business. “I see dey put you in the laundry. ‘Tis normally where dey’ll start a bloke. From dere you can go up, or from dere you can go down. Or, if you’re happy enough, you can stay put right where you are. But you’re a bright lad, Alan - we done our homework, to be sure. It would not surprise us to see you workin,’ doin’ d’books or suchlike for d’chiefs. Or you might perhaps run d’bakery someday. Dey will never start a bloke emptyin’ d’shit and d’piss. Dat’s for dem what misbehave.”
I nodded my head thoughtfully.
“And what about you?” I asked. “What do you do in here?”
Paddy looked sideways at his mate, then smiled.
“Well, I sort o’ keep d’peace, lad - me and Robert here. ‘Tis actually why we approached you for dis little talk, you know.”
He gestured towards a large, unkempt looking fellow across the yard.
“See McManus over dere,” he said. “He, you gotta watch. A bastard of a man, he would a had ye by now, and as soon as dis - him and dat skinny weasel dere wit’ him, Bayliss. A killer of women and boys, and a rapist he is, but he’ll not make a move wit’ us here. We keep d’peace, Alan, Robert and me - and a dozen more when we need ‘em. Dat bastard has not a friend left in dis place, save for d’weasel. A man like him ought be dead. Dey only got enough on him to put him away, but he shoulda swung for all he done. To be sure, dere was a time when he would ha’ buggered senseless a new boy like you. Look at him, Alan - he sees us talkin.’ He’ll not make a move on you, not if he likes d’sight o’ d’sun comin’ up.”
In a very short time it became clear that Paddy and Robert were indeed the peacekeepers of Dartmoor Prison - more so even than the guards who watched over us. The guards themselves, indeed the entire administration, valued highly the influence these two had over the general populace, or so it seemed to me, for their own jobs were made so much easier as a result. Paddy was the brains, and as I discovered, not just responsible for one ill-fated bank job, as he would have me believe, but the mastermind behind much of the major and more sophisticated crime that had plagued the country for many years. He commanded enormous respect in the criminal world, and it was said he could still make things happen from within the walls of Dartmoor Prison. On the outside, he had ruled his empire with an iron fist, and now that he was caught and put away, he ran his prison the same way. As amiable as he was, his eyes possessed cleverness and cunning the like of which I had never before seen, and it was known throughout the gaol that Paddy was not a man to cross. Dartmoor Prison was, for now, where he lived, and regardless of what operations he might still control within or without the prison walls, he would stop at nothing to ensure peace in his own home. He was above the petty nonsense and mindless brutality that might otherwise feature in a place such as Dartmoor Prison, and he would not tolerate it in others. I soon felt very honoured that Paddy, as well as Robert, had bestowed their protection upon me as a matter of course, and I soon wondered the horrors that prison life might have held without them.
“Tell us your tale, lad,” said Paddy, as he gestured for us all to sit on one of the stone benches.
“You mean the story of why I’m here?”
“Aye. You said you were innocent. I am always keen to hear d’details when such a claim is made. When a clean lad like you, well-educated and well-mannered, falls foul o’ d’law - well, I find it a little curious.”
In the remaining time that we had, I told my tale. Paddy and Robert both listened intently as I told of the strange circumstances that related to Isabella’s death, and how awkward our position became in the light of it.
“Still,” said Paddy, “you should ne’er ha’ been convicted on dat. To be sure, d’evidence was purely circumstantial. I hope dat man o’ yours is lodgin’ an appeal.”
I said that he was. I then went on to describe the events surrounding Isabella’s father and Paddy began to nod his head.
“So, old Herman is dead and gone? Ah, ‘tis probably for d’best - useful in his way but a bastard of a man.”
I looked at him, shocked.
“You knew Herman Muller?”
“Aye, lad. Herman did a spot o’ debt collectin’ in d’Dorchester area for me at different times. I admit I was worried about usin’ him, dough. He was, as you say, a violent drunk. I feared d’time would come when he might kill somebody or such, and it would come back on me. So, dis Isabella was his daughter, you say? Not d’one he knocked up, I suppose?”
Again, I swung my eyes to Paddy. His face was calm, as though his question had been a perfectly normal one. There was no suggestion in his eyes that he had divulged anything that I did not already know.
“Knocked up?” I repeated. “Pregnant, you mean?”
“Aye lad. Don’t go quotin’ me on it, but d’talk was he got one o’ his daughters pregnant at some point. I know nuttin’ more dan dat. The trut’ is, I never knew Herman well enough to e’er meet his family, but I’ve heard some dreadful tings about d’man. Dey say his poor wife would cop d’back of his hand most nights, but as far as d’udder goes - well, it might a bin just talk.”
Back in the cell that night, I thought over what Paddy had said. Was it possible there was even more to Herman Muller than Manfred and I had known? As horrific as was the thought, I found I could easily believe Herman capable of such a heinous act. Lying on my back in the dark, I visualised him coming home drunk at night, sneaking into the wrong bedroom, scaring and intimidating one of his daughters until he had his way with her. It was an easy image to conjure up, knowing at first hand the nature of the man. All night I lay there wondering if the talk was true, and if so, which daughter had he impregnated? Perhaps he had been molesting them both. It might account for Isabella’s unstable nature and her desperate need of Manfred’s love. I thought, too, of that night on the Cape, when a mysterious black vapour invaded my room, leaving me convinced that indeed it had been the ghost of Yvette. I remembered also the frightening and pathetic plea that came from that ghost – avenge me.
The days that followed rolled one into the other, and soon enough I found myself losing track of time. Unlike the outside world, prison life was repetitive almost to the point of being mechanised. Every day was so like the one before - exactly the same work schedule and everything else regimented to occur at the same time each day. Weekdays could not easily be differentiated from weekends because there was nothing to tell them apart. Paddy and Robert kept the place on an even keel and the mood throughout remained one of subdued compliance. It was rare for trouble to break out, and when it did it was quickly quelled.
Soon enough I grew accustomed to the routine. I did what I had to do each day, but at night my mind travelled back to the world I loved. Dartmoor Prison could confine my body, but not my mind or my soul, and I would sail out of there at night and be home again with my parents and sister. I would play in the yard with Oscar and take him to the river for a swim. My college seemed so distant to me now but my mind would travel there as well. I had been so fulfilled by my studies and could see a fine career in medicine awaiting me at the end of it. At the thought of this I would weep. I would bury my face in my bed and weep like a baby. I so badly wanted my life back. Night after night passed in this fashion; I had little idea how many, but I guessed perhaps a month had passed since my incarceration. Once in that time, my dear parents came to visit me. It was difficult for them to travel all the way from Sudbury to Princetown, but mother had made a point of writing regularly since I had been confined. In one correspondence she told of how father and her had attended Manfred’s funeral and what a sad affair it had been. They attended on my behalf and I was so grateful they had. Mother’s letters were one way I could gauge the passage of time in Dartmoor Prison.
Then, unexpectedly one morning, the Head Warden called me into his office. I was taken upstairs and led through into a spartan workplace, no decoration on the walls save for the cracked and peeling paint, just an office cabinet, a wardrobe, and a desk cluttered with papers and reports.
“Ah, Robertson,” said the warden, looking up and over the top of his reading spectacles. “Come on in, lad, and take a seat.”
He seemed quite warm and welcoming in his manner, which rather surprised me. I did as he asked and sat across the desk while he finished reading the document that held his attention. He then looked up at me and spoke, and the news he brought to my ears came as a shock.
“Some information has come to light, Alan, information that will impact greatly upon your conviction.”
I stared at the man, not knowing which way he was heading. He then continued.
"I’m sure you’ll be delighted to know that a writ has been issued on your behalf, a writ requesting a full pardon for you and the quashing of your conviction. Now it hasn’t happened yet, so let’s not get ahead of ourselves, but evidence has apparently come to light which should excuse you of any involvement in the death of Isabella Muller.”
On hearing these words my heart began to pound in my chest, and my whole body tingled. My face broadened into a wide smile and I found it difficult not to laugh.
“What is it?” I asked urgently. “What new information is this?”
The warden adjusted his glasses then relayed the details of the paper before him. The gist of what he told me was this:
In the last week or so, a young couple had visited the Lockington Forest, or more particularly, the Lockington Falls. By chance, they had stumbled across a woman’s bag that had fallen and was wedged in the rocks. The bag was found close to where Isabella’s body had been discovered and was soon identified as her bag. Inside the bag was a hastily scrawled note, now faded and weathered, as the bag had been exposed to the elements for so long. The note had evidently been written in a frenzy of passion and despair, and was the final words, it seemed, of a troubled and deeply unhappy young woman.
It read as follows:
‘Manfred, I love you, and none of this is your fault. You sent me away but you could not have known to what. I started for home but could never go there again. I cannot face him for what he has done to Yvette and I.  I sit here on the edge of the rockpool and can hardly see the words I write, my eyes so full of tears. I have tied a stone to my leg. If drowning is a peaceful way to die, then please God, help me find some peace. I am sorry Manfred. And Mother too.’
I sat before the warden in stunned silence. Whatever jubilation I had initially felt was, for the moment, gone. Nobody had killed Isabella; she had taken her own life. I stared across at the warden.
“Oh, my God,” was all I could bring myself to say.
“Yes. I have reviewed the details of your case myself, Alan. If only this had been found at the time it could have averted so much pain. Your friend, the Stein boy, might still be alive. So might the Muller chap, though from what I understand of him I doubt he is much loss.”
For a moment I became lost in thought as I wondered whether Manfred would still be alive had the discovery of the bag been more timely. It is a problem I have never been able to satisfactorily resolve. He may have lived longer, but I think in the end he would have still blamed himself for Isabella’s death, and at the very least the effect would have been severely detrimental.
“And there is no doubt the note is real?” I asked, finally.
The warden shook his head.
“The mother has identified the bag as belonging to her daughter and confirmed the handwriting as well.”
“I see,” I said. “So, what happens now?”
“Alan, if I had my way, I would send you home today, but you’ll have to return to your cell until this thing becomes official. Your representative, Ken Macalister, is apparently working furiously to that end.”
I stood as the warden smiled and shook my hand. I was then returned to my cell by the guard standing outside the door. When I got back there I lay flat on the bunk bed and stared at the ceiling, my mind possessed of an odd mix of sadness and excitement. All being well, it might be just a matter of days and I would be released. I could return to my former life and begin the process of putting all these terrible events behind me. I could return to college, and although by now I would have fallen behind in my work, I would apply myself to making it up. Life in London would, of course, be emptier than it had been before. My good friend was dead and the knowledge of that would take some time to get used to. My parents, of course, would be ecstatic at the news of my probable release, and I wondered if they knew yet.
The new sadness I felt was, of course, for Isabella - the girl I knew for such a short time and had quickly grown to dislike. I realised how very little I knew of her and how biased my judgement had been. She obviously had been living in a state of terrible turmoil, which is why she had behaved in the way she did. I thought long and hard about the suicide note she left. It was so brief but suggested so much. Surely she could only have been speaking of her father when she wrote that she could not return home, not after what he had done to Yvette and her. What was it he had done? The most obvious answer lay in what Paddy had suggested, that Herman Muller had been molesting his daughters. Perhaps one of them had been pregnant. Perhaps it had been Isabella, or perhaps Yvette. Either way, the man was dead and no longer a threat to anyone, but whatever destruction he had caused was unforgivable.
And, of course, I came to think about Manfred as well. Surely if my name was to be cleared then his murder conviction would also be quashed. The stain would be removed from his name posthumously, which might at least provide a degree of peace for his family. How sad, though, that Manfred should die, alone in that dark cell, and never know that his name would be cleared of a ghastly crime he knew he did never commit. I passed on my evening meal in the mess hall that night and asked that I take it in my cell. Permission was granted by the Head Warden himself, due to my exceptional circumstances. I just wanted for one full night to be alone with my thoughts.    

Chapter sixteen   

An anxious period followed; would I be released or would I not? Information was sketchy, my eager mind constantly revisiting moments of doubt.  It was more than two weeks before legalities were finalised and my release became a reality. An officer of the court brought the papers to the prison, and with the necessary signatures the procedure was made complete. I had been an inmate of Dartmoor Prison for a total of forty-two days. Of course Manfred and I had also spent more than a month in the cells at Dorchester before that. I opened my eyes that final morning as sunlight burst through the tiny window high on my cell wall. Never before had I seen it shine so brightly, or at least that was the way it seemed. The rays formed a sharp band shooting diagonally to the floor, tiny particles of dust dancing merrily in the light.
I suppose to some degree I had got beyond the sadness I had felt for Isabella; I’d had two weeks to grow accustomed to what had been her fate and had been able to reconcile myself to it. It was terrible how her life had unfurled, but there was nothing that could now be done about it and I had not asked for a part in the play. Of course, I still felt the most appalling sorrow over the death of Manfred, but not even that could wholly suppress my feelings of exhilaration on the day of my release. To climb out of my prison-issued coveralls and back into civilian clothes was a supreme feeling. As I was escorted past the cells, some of the inmates bade me farewell, in particular the men I had worked with. A special goodbye was the one I shared with Paddy, and then later with Robert.
“Every man should get what he deserves, Alan,” said Paddy, in conclusion, “and you, lad, are gettin’ just dat. Good luck to you, and I might even look you up if e’er I get out o’ here.”
I was then allowed to shake Paddy’s hand.
“They’ll never let you out, Paddy,” I smiled. “The place would fall apart.”
Paddy smiled back and gave a small nod of his head.
I was soon escorted out through the great timber door of the prison and once more stood before the open sky and freedom. A horse drawn cart trundled me to the station, where the train for the east was readying for departure. I thanked my courier and climbed aboard, the ticket having already been taken care of. Further back in the carriage sat the court officer who had brought the official papers. Our eyes met and he smiled as I took my seat. I stared out the window and thought of the giant grey building that had housed me for six weeks, and for a fleeting moment felt moved by it. By choice I would never wish to return to such a place, and I felt sure that had I served my full term I would have loathed it painfully. Yet I had seen a different world in going there. There were few inside I would have labelled as wholly bad; McManus of course, and the weasel, but generally there was elements of humanity throughout the mix, not least of all in the gang leader, Paddy, and his side-kick, Robert.
Dartmoor Prison - obviously I would never miss the place, but certainly I would never forget it.
The trip home was a long one but I thrilled at every moment. I tried to imagine how somebody might feel after many years in gaol. My total confinement had been less than three months, so what excitement might one feel after ten or twenty years? I dwelled on the thought for a time and then came to realise that perhaps my excitement might surpass that of a long-term prisoner. At least my prospects for the future remained. I had not been so long detained that all hope was gone. My family was still there, no doubt sobered by my experience, but otherwise unchanged. My career still lay ahead of me and was inconvenienced in no way that could not be put right by hard work. On the other hand, I imagined some poor sorry soul on the day of his release, almost pleading to stay - nowhere to go and no family to greet him. What a sad situation to find himself in, leaving behind in prison the only people he had known, the only family that he’d had for perhaps twenty years. Who would employ him and where would he live? It seemed almost inevitable that he would revert to crime, no matter how strong his resolve might be. It was at that moment I realised how oddly fortunate I had been!
My parents met me at Dorchester West Station. They had been so excited by the news that they decided to meet me there and travel the final leg of the trip with me. I will never forget their faces as they stood on the platform and saw me alight. They beamed with joy, tears in their eyes the both of them.
Some hours later we arrived in our hometown. I thought of the last time I had travelled to Sudbury, back before the arrest, and the town had looked so fine to me, so safe and comforting after the Cape Terrible ordeal. But over it on that occasion had hung a cloud; it was, of course, the terrible cloud of uncertainty, not knowing if Manfred and I were to be blamed for the misadventures that were in no way our fault. This time Sudbury looked wonderful in the same way but without that heavy cloud. Do not misunderstand me, my world had not suddenly reassumed perfection. There was still a dark presence in the back of my mind, a sadness for all that had happened, and most particularly for the loss of my friend. But for the moment I was so grateful to have my life returned to me as intact as I could ever have hoped in the wake of such a dreadful chain of events.
We arrived by hansom at our home address and it was my turn for tears as Oscar ran out to me and I hugged him. Being an old dog, I had doubted I would ever see him again. Later that afternoon, Alice returned from school, and once again we were all together. The lamps burned until nearly midnight as we all caught up and I told of my gaol experience. Never before as I did that night had I appreciated those things that are so easy to take for granted, for I had come to learn how quickly such things can change and how sometimes they are lost forever. Indeed it was that night that my father suggested I write this story. Initially I shrugged off the idea, but as the years that followed rolled by and I found I was unable to fully detach myself from the events that had so disrupted my life, I began to give the idea some serious thought. Part of my reluctance to fully recount the events on paper was out of embarrassment - the embarrassment of that first night on the Cape, of that inexplicable physical encounter that I have never fully understood. Embarrassment, too, in describing the later occurrence - to me supernatural and undoubtedly Yvette - and the scepticism it would spawn. For now, though, I was just happy to be home with the people I loved, and never before had the bedroom I grew up in seemed so welcoming, or the bed therein, been so comfortable.  

Chapter seventeen  

During the week that followed my release I contacted London Medical College and made arrangements for a meeting. I was able, by telephone, to speak directly with the head of the college. It was not necessary for me to go into great detail at that point, to explain my absence or my desire to recommence my studies; my parents had detailed my predicament already, and the case had been heavily publicised besides. Nevertheless, I had to front the faculty and give my account of what had happened, I suppose for the peace of their own minds. Although our names had been cleared, the charges against Manfred and I had been serious, and the college needed to be confident of the moral calibre of their students. Initially I felt a little put out by the attitude, but in fairness, the faculty heads were just performing a task that was expected of them.
In time I settled back into my studies; in fact I worked harder than I ever had before. It would have been far too easy to dwell on the past, too easy to miss Manfred - so working beyond normal limits became my mental salvation. Each night I would press on till very late, rarely socialising, pouring over my texts instead until I could think no more. At least in this way I was guaranteed of sleep, and of sleeping well. It was only when I did not over-extend myself that I would dream, or have a broken sleep. When I did dream, it was always of the Cape, of that dreadful week that so changed my world, and in the end claimed my friend. The images and scenarios would be mixed up; they would jumble in my mind, playing out in different ways and often with different results. Herman Muller would always be there in some dark and frightening role. Oft times, Manfred would still be alive, and together we would be looking down on the events, actually seeing them as they happened. The events would unfurl before us and we would watch them in all their horror, as though they were nothing more than scenes in a play. The only way I could keep my tangled recollections at bay was by working myself to the extremes of fatigue.
Week ran into week and month followed month, and before I knew it the final years of my course had gone by and I had completed my medical degree. My parents and sister attended my graduation. Never had I seen them so proud. To my surprise, Gunter and Miranda Stein were there also. It was the first time I had seen them since my release from Dartmoor Prison, although I had communicated with them by mail. I was greatly touched by their presence on what was for me such an important occasion. They joined my family afterwards for a meal and we all had a most enjoyable evening. It was clear to me, however, that the Steins had never really gotten over the death of their only son. There was a deep sadness in the eyes of them both, and it could not be hidden no matter how jovial the conversation. We parted after our meals and all made for our pre-arranged accommodations.
My next two years were spent as an intern at London Hospital, where I learned to apply the theories I had for so long and so arduously studied. The position was demanding in the extreme and the hours were long. It was amazing how different theory became when applied to real people and everyday crises. No two situations were ever quite identical; every person was different, as were their needs and the treatment they required. My years of study proved only to be the framework upon which my medical career would be built, and the actual practice of medicine, as it related to theory, was always a compromise. To have applied theory rigidly in every instance would have been foolish and mechanical. At times it would have been decidedly dangerous. Being on the shop floor, so to speak, was the true education. The long shifts, the calls out at night, the patching and repairing of human bodies damaged in ways that could not be imagined; this was the beginning of my real and practical education.
At the end of my internship I was offered a full position with the hospital, on the staff, as one of their full-time resident physicians. Of course, I accepted the role. My experience by that stage was substantial and I was in a position to oversee the new interns entering the system. The hours still remained arduous and I longed to some day go into private practice. To have my own surgery somewhere in town was something I daydreamed about whenever time would allow. I had no idea how soon the opportunity would arise.
One morning a telegram arrived at the hospital asking me to contact a Dr Emmanuel Dibley, ironically of Dorchester, regarding a business proposition. In his correspondence, Dr Dibley included his private telephone number and urged me to ring him in order that we should arrange a time to meet. My curiosity was naturally aroused, but before contacting Dr Dibley I did some research on the man. I asked my closest colleagues at the hospital if he was known to any of them. Sister Burke, who had been in her profession for more than twenty years, knew Dr Dibley. She had worked with him on occasion, many years before, when she was in the employ of Dorset County Hospital. She spoke of him in the highest regard, saying that he had run a surgery in partnership with another practitioner for a number of years.
I picked my time carefully and telephoned Dr Dibley from the hospital. He told me he had heard some very good things about me from a mutual acquaintance, that I was dedicated to my chosen profession and showed above average ability for my years. I felt honoured by his kindness and asked him the exact nature of his contacting me. Dr Dibley told me he had run his rooms for the last fourteen years in conjunction with a Dr Evan Fraser, who had now chosen to retire and wished to sell his share of the practice. Dr Dibley had hoped to meet with me in order that I might be interested in buying in. I am sure my enthusiasm shone through in the tone of my voice, and the pair of us quickly agreed on a time to meet.
It was the very next Friday, a free day on my roster, when I headed south to Dorchester by train. As I travelled though the industry and suburbia of London, then out into the moody and ever-changing countryside, I was reminded of it being the exact journey Manfred and I had taken so many years earlier on our way to Cape Terrible. I had allowed less time with each passing year to recall that dreadful time in my life, the appalling week on the Cape and the incredible turn of events that had followed. My life had moved forward since then and my career was coming along well. I felt, too, that I had progressed a long way from that quite haunted post-gaol period, and the busy nature of my work generally provided me with little opportunity to dwell on things past. Now, however, as I sped along, the rapid shadows of trees flicking across my face and the joins in the track clicking rhythmically below, I could not help but give in to the strangest feelings of morbid nostalgia. It occurred to me that in all the years since my conviction I had never relived the train ride from London to Dorchester. In light of the fact, it was little wonder my memories were stirred.
I met Dr Dibley as arranged in the lounge of a rather posh hotel. He immediately impressed me as likeable. He was sixty years old as a minimum, portly, white-haired and broad-faced. His smile was infectious and rarely left his face, a gold tooth flashing constantly as he spoke. For a man of his years he was still obviously filled with a zest for life. At that point he struck me as the type of fellow who might never retire. It was obvious early in the conversation that the passion he felt for his work and his patients had never waned with his advancing years.
The proposition he offered me was instantly attractive and simple. The practice was a two-man operation, with the administration being carried out by a competent woman employed by Drs Dibley and Fraser for the last seven years. I would pay a half-share of all running costs and take over Dr Fraser’s patient list, being free to add new patients at will. The cost of buying into the operation was set at three hundred pounds, and this, as far as I could see, might have been my only stumbling block. Dr Dibley had gone to the trouble of preparing a typed proposal which I was free to take away with me. He was acting on behalf of both doctors for the purpose of the sale and suggested that I think hard before committing, also that I engage the services of a solicitor and accountant to advise me. All in all, I found him very fair and up front. We had a meal together and I thanked him for considering me as a potential partner. I then headed back to London on the late train.
The following day, when I finally found some time, I made the necessary appointments to have the proposal assessed. There was some to and fro over the next fortnight as papers were obtained verifying the financial health of the existing partnership. Finally an entry figure of two hundred and seventy-five pounds was agreed upon. I managed to secure a bank loan for two hundred, and came to a personal arrangement with Evan Fraser for the balance.
The legal papers were drawn up and a new partnership was born, effective from the first of April that year. The London Hospital was sorry to see me go and I was touched by that, but they understood my reasoning. Late in March I moved my meagre belongings to new accommodations in Dorchester. I had managed to find a small upstairs apartment in a block of four. Three were let out while the other was occupied by a Mr and Mrs Fowler, who acted as landlord and landlady.
One of the first things I did on arriving in Dorchester was to visit Gunter and Miranda Stein. I had not seen them since my graduation. They seemed more than pleased to see me and were thrilled when I spoke of my new venture. Interestingly, their own family physician was, in fact, Dr Dibley, and they were quite excited that I had joined him in partnership.
My parents came across from Sudbury on the weekend before I took up my new position. They were also delighted with the way things had turned out and made me promise to come back home for a weekend just as soon as I could. My trips home had become less frequent in recent years. My workload at the hospital had been intense, and now I suddenly realised how quickly time had slipped away. Alice had finished her schooling and was employed as a quiltmaker. She was very happy and was being courted by the younger brother of a long-standing friend of mine from Sudbury. Mother was most pleased with the arrangement; she liked Aloysius and made no secret of her hopes for wedding bells. As for Mother and Father, they were planning another adventure abroad; indeed they had been saving all those years since the last trip. This time they were hoping to travel to Canada. Sadly, Oscar was now long gone. He had passed away during my internship. He had become blind with age and painfully stiff in his joints. Mother had gone out one morning to find him, as always, curled in his box. On this occasion, however, she was unable to wake him. He had been a wonderful dog but was no longer happy, and as much as we all missed him we could not begrudge him this final rest.
My parents headed home that Sunday afternoon, after which I accepted an invitation to dine with Mr and Mrs Fowler. After that I returned to my apartment and read for a while before turning in. My sleep that night was restless and sporadic as I nervously anticipated the commencement of my new position.  

Chapter eighteen   

My first week was an overlap with the retiring Dr Fraser. Officially he was not there but had offered to stay with me for a few days in order that I could become familiar with his patient list and learn any idiosyncrasies or other requirements of the people thereon. The rooms themselves were neat but small, freshly painted and serviceable. There was a separate room behind each of the two consulting rooms, and these were set up for thorough examinations and the undertaking of minor operations.
The atmosphere of the workplace was pleasant and relaxed, the place functioning at a regulated and predictable pace - a luxury I had never known whilst working in a hospital environment. I saw little of Dr Dibley on any given day. We would pass occasionally and he would smile and ask me how I was getting on, but generally he remained involved with his patients and I with mine.
Dr Fraser was a true gentleman of the old school, in appearance the epitome of the aged family doctor. He was clearly the older of the two, tall and thin, with a closely cropped coverage of silver-white hair. He was deeply loved by his patients and there was apparently great sadness when he announced his retirement. I was studied minutely by each patient I saw in that first week, and indeed by all of them as they slowly filtered through during the next few months. Some knew of my past. Of this, I had no doubt. Country folk have long memories, but when Manfred and I were cleared of all guilt and I was released from gaol, the publicity was huge - and was particularly so in Dorchester. Indeed, I had been concerned at the idea of returning, albeit after several years, to the town that had for a time held me in such infamy. But finally I had decided, with reassurance from various quarters, to embark on the new venture, and my confidence continued to grow with time.
Our receptionist was a Mrs Edith Tumilson, the first face of our practice. She was middle-aged, plump, and supremely efficient. That is not to say that I did not initially have difficulty with her. She was quick to point out when I had veered off course, when my techniques or opinions differed in any way from that of my predecessor. If I chipped her for anything, she would take offence and her mouth would pull in tight. In that sense she reminded of Mrs Carmichael of Cape Terrible, from all those years before. On such occasions she would sit at her typewriter and all but ignore me. Fortunately we did warm to each other in time and eventually formed a bond of mutual respect.
The one name that stood out from all others on my newly acquired patient list was that of Mrs Eva Muller. I saw it during that first week while Evan Fraser was still with me. He saw me looking over her file.
“I realise you know her,” he said, quietly.
“You do?” I replied, turning to look at him.
“Yes, of course. We all know your story, Alan, but you have no need for concern. I’m certain nobody in Dorchester holds you responsible for what happened all those years ago.”
To some degree his words surprised me, and at that moment I was reminded again of the extent to which my fame remained. I hoped Dr Fraser was right in what he said. I had taken a substantial risk in buying into the practice and would be greatly disadvantaged if it turned out that the people of Dorchester still held me in contempt.
“How is Mrs Muller these days?” I asked. “I see she has a heart murmur.”
“Physically, not too bad,” he answered. “Of course, you’ll need to keep an eye on that murmur, although with the passage of time it has got no worse. Eva herself, though, is a sad and lonely woman. She took a long time to get over the death of Isabella. It was bad enough when the first daughter went, but the second - well, as they say, it broke the camel’s back. Financially, she has had a terrible time. With Herman gone all these years she has had little means of support. I believe she has picked up the odd bit of paid work here and there but very nearly had to let the house go. Between you and me, Alan, I’ve only been charging her half our normal rate whenever she visits. Mrs Tumilson is aware of it, but Eva doesn’t know she’s paying less. She would be quite embarrassed by it. Of course, this is your practice now and it’s up to you what you do, but it might be nice to continue the tradition.”
Naturally enough, I agreed without hesitation, and looked forward, albeit with some nervousness, to my initial appointment with Eva Muller. As it turned out, it would be two months before she would make her first visit.
In the meantime I grew steadily familiar with the ins and outs of partnership and private practice. It was wonderful having a regular routine, and although I did make some house calls, and occasionally after hours, I certainly enjoyed more free time than I’d had previously. One night the Steins had me over for dinner. It was a pleasant evening, and during the meal they reiterated that which Evan Fraser had said with regard to Eva Muller. They had realised Fraser had been her doctor and were more than pleased that the role had since fallen to me.
At some point during our conversation the subject turned to that of Cape Terrible. It seemed the events there had also spelled the end of the Stein’s holiday retreat. They had never used it since Manfred’s death. The yacht had been sold, and the property itself had been on the market all these years. A gardener was paid to maintain the yard, but basically the building was empty and awaiting a new owner.
I came away that night with what might be described as a morbid curiosity, in some ways similar to the feeling that had overcome me on the train ride from London. I found myself wanting to travel out to the Cape, to see the place again - that lonely piece of land at the end of the world, the memory of which still had the ability to haunt me whenever I allowed thought of it.
I made enquiries as to transportation and found that a small business had begun operating which ran a service to and from the Cape each Sunday. The Lockington Forest and Falls Area had apparently been promoted in recent years as a weekend picnic destination, and so a small carriage business had evolved on its strength. Departure was at eight a.m. and the return trip from the Cape boarded at four.
That next Sunday morning I joined a small party of people and rode out to Cape Terrible. The coach bumped along as I sat quietly and listened to the chatter of those around me. I felt a strong sense of nausea building within me as we grew nearer the Cape, as familiar landmarks came steadily into view. We passed by the Carmichael residence, seemingly frozen in time and appearing just as I remembered it. I even saw the curtains move back slightly on the front window as we went by. Just beyond the Carmichael place the track turned to the right and we headed off towards the forest. It was a new road since I had been there and I asked that I be allowed out. The coach stopped and I stepped down.
“I’m sorry,” I said, “but I would like to see this area first. Where do I meet the coach later?”
The driver told me the new road ran all the way across the fields, to a parking and turning area at the edge of the forest.
“Be there by four, mind,” he said as he waved me off.
I also wanted to see the forest area, but first I needed to make the walk to the Stein’s beach house at the top of the cliffs. This day was a personal event for me, and as much as possible I would go wherever I wanted, so as to be alone with my thoughts.
The breeze was up and blowing in from the west. The sky, which in Dorchester had been blue but for an odd cloud, was coming over pale and grey. The fields all around me were vast, dry and yellow. They were just as I knew them and I concluded they did never change from this, regardless of the time of year. I trudged on, along the old road that led to the beach house. Before long it came into view, the roof first then the remaining structure. Beyond the house the land simply stopped, the churning sea filling the gap to the distant horizon. I looked back at the house. It stood stark against the sky, and for a time I stared upon it, unmoving. My emotions had been building all the way from Dorchester, but now, as I stood at the threshold of revisiting terrible memories, I found myself near tears.
I continued on and soon enough was standing directly below the double-storey dwelling. The faded paint was peeling from the walls and there was grass growing out from the guttering around the roof. The front gate hung by one hinge. The sky now was quite grey and low clouds hung morbidly over the lonely house. The ivy on the walls rustled in the ever strengthening wind, and the whole place gave off an overwhelming aura of decay and disappointment. I passed through the gate, along the path and up onto the front porch. I peered in through the window and into the lounge. It was just as I remembered, but dull and dusty.
I stepped away from the window and ran my hand along the front door. The previous door had been smashed to pieces by a madman, but this one remained strong and sturdy. For some reason I tried the knob and was shocked when the door opened, and even though I knew I was there alone, I looked around me, then pushed the door wide.
The feeling that came over me as the long passageway opened up is difficult here to describe. It was as though I was staring into the realm of another life. It all seemed so familiar and so recent, yet at the same time a hundred years before. I stepped inside. An empty house, when entered alone, always conveyed to me a feeling of its own being, of its own presence or soul, but the emotion I now felt was something far beyond that. I felt sure my mind was playing tricks, for the house that day was again full of ghosts. There was a chill in the hallway that made me clutch at my sides, and perhaps it was the wind from outside, but I felt fingers of air moving about me and touching the various parts of my body. Maybe it was because I had no right to be inside that I felt there were eyes upon me, all around me, as I moved from room to room. Constantly I looked about, with a rising, creeping feeling of the flesh. I kept expecting someone to be seated in one of the rooms or be coming through a doorway, but of course, there was nobody there.
It was indeed a morbid fascination that drove me on. Part of me longed to be back outside, while a much larger part pushed me on and up the stairs. Because I had come so far I had to again see the bedroom that had so haunted my sleep. As I made my way up the stairs the whole place shook suddenly and rumbled, a sudden rise in the wind whistling its fury across the gables and under the eaves. I chilled at the sound but pressed on regardless.
 Soon enough I was in the upper passage and gazing into the bedroom in which I had once spent such restless nights. I stepped inside; there was a decided iciness in the air, yet I felt sure it existed only in my imagination. I stood by the window where the apparition of Yvette had appeared years before, relived what I had known to be real. The wind continued to howl.
Shortly thereafter I descended the stairs and made my way back out. Once outside, I stood staring up at the house. I felt sure that Yvette had long since gone, but instead, all around me now, I felt the ghost of Manfred. Everywhere I looked I saw his face, and heard the voice of my dear, departed friend.
After some time had passed, and all the while with me lost in morbid thought, I made my way across to the cliff’s edge and stared out to sea. The water far below was cutting up roughly as the wind whipped across its surface. I moved back from the edge, for the wind was buffeting, and so decided to make my way across the lonely fields to Lockington Forest.
In another attempt to satisfy my singular curiosity, I retraced the route Manfred and I had taken on that awful day, when we had fled for our lives with Herman Muller in murderous pursuit. My uneasy stomach rolled and churned as the whole episode returned, each hillock and blade of grass working to refire my frightened memories. The going, too, was tough, as I headed directly into the stiffening wind. The wisping, knee-high grasses beat against my trouser legs, trying it would seem, in their feeble way, to prevent my forward progress.
Suddenly, when I was about halfway there, something pointed and sharp dug into the sole of my shoe. I stopped and felt about in the grass with the leather of my toe. Sure enough, there was an object there. I reached into the grass and was stunned at what I lifted from beneath its folds. It was the missing dagger. I could not believe it. The handle was pale and weathered, the blade rusted and dull, but there it was, after all these years. I looked down upon it as it lay across both of my hands. If only we had found you, I thought to myself, they might have been more inclined to believe us. And yet, in reality, its discovery could have made no difference. Herman Muller was proven to have been at work when Manfred and I had him driving the dagger into the door. For a time I continued to stare down upon it, wondering in my confused way what part it had actually played and how it related to the goings on at all. I wiped the weapon clean and pushed it, out of sight, down the inside of my trousers.
From there I continued on and was soon at the forest. I passed the coach and the horses and hoped I could avoid my fellow travellers as I prepared to embark on yet another haunted place.
The forest was strange. In the years that had passed, I had seen it again and again in my mind. Oft times, when I was not thinking of it consciously, it would simply be a backdrop to my mental imagery. But now the forest was different; in fact I found it virtually unrecognisable. The path that meandered to the top of the falls seemed to constantly turn the wrong way, or rise when I thought it should fall. None of the growth looked quite right, and I could see nothing that I remembered, or anything that even appeared in any way familiar. I tried to find the rock that Manfred and I had hidden behind, but I became so disorientated that I could not locate it.
Then I made my way towards the falls - I could hear them in the distance - and en route, tried to find the place where I had hung above the river and Herman Muller had plummeted to his death. There were many spots I came across that may have been the place, but I could not be sure of any of them. The forest had grown and changed in the intervening years, and I realised that I now existed in a different period of its evolution.
I did, however, find the Lockington Falls. All I had to do was head for the sound. As I reached the top of the falls, some of the day’s visitors were coming back the other way. We smiled and passed one another as I headed for the steep descent to the rockpool. The track was slippery in spots where the sun did not shine, and beside me I could hear the roar of the falls, an occasional glimpse of the silver deluge being visible through the undergrowth.
Before long I was at the pool. I moved all the way around it and saw the falls from many different angles. I wondered where it was that Isabella had taken her own life, and where were the rocks that had so wedged and hidden her bag, whilst all the while Manfred and I were being held accountable for her death.
Finally I found a place where I imagined it all might have happened. I looked up and back that nobody was watching, then drew from my trousers the rusty dagger. I lowered it into the clear mountain water and watched as it sunk from view. If people ever again wanted to know where it was I would be able to tell them.
I kept staring through the crystal water long after the dagger was gone. Then I again looked up, across the pool to the tumbling waters - such a beautiful place to anybody else - and felt myself choking suddenly on my rising emotion. My eyes blurred and filled with tears. I could not quite understand what was happening, but for some little time I wept, and wept aloud. Indeed, as the next few minutes passed, I cried like a wounded animal. By the time I stopped, my stomach muscles ached and my palms were full of the salty water from my eyes. I felt exhausted by it all and sat a little more, flicking pebbles into the deep.
        I looked at the sky. The sun was well past the zenith, so I bade farewell to that tortured place and made my way back to the coach.   

Chapter nineteen  

For many days after my trip to the Cape I felt sad and rather detached, and yet I was glad that I went. There was closure in going there that I had not realised I needed, and now, having been, I had no desire or curiosity to ever return. There was satisfaction, too, in finding the dagger. It was so unexpected, and helped to confirm in my mind that indeed the whole series of events had actually taken place. My memory had been masked for so long behind a new and busy life, and when I did give over to recollection, the events had seemed rather dreamlike, almost as if they had never happened - like an excerpt from someone else’s life. There was also within me a strange feeling of disappointment. It was a disappointment brought about by change. The forest had grown and altered, had swallowed up that which had occurred and seemingly forgotten it. On the trip out there I had imagined that nothing would have changed, that the forest and the falls would have frozen in time to match my memories. Instead, they had marched on, ever-changing and evolving, as though the devastating scenario in which we had all been involved had never occurred.
In time, I settled back into my work, the ever-present saviour of my mind, and soon enough found myself sufficiently occupied as to allow the shelving of my small dalliance with the past. Then one morning, on checking my appointment list for that day, I saw the name of Eva Muller. I knew that eventually she would come, and despite all I looked forward to seeing her. Her appointment was at ten-thirty and she arrived right on time. Unfortunately my schedule had fallen slightly behind and it was perhaps a quarter to eleven when finally I admitted her into my room.
My heart went out to her from the moment I saw her. She was older, obviously, than when we last met, yet she seemed to have aged double in that time. Never a big woman, she now appeared even less robust. She was really quite frail and rather stooped. I could not look upon her without visualising the brute of a man who had abused her and treated her so poorly.
She had come to me for no reason other than her regular checkup. Nothing had altered with her condition; the heart murmur remained the same, unchanged for the last several visits. We discussed her diet and general health issues, then spent the remainder of our time in other conversation.
Eva wanted to know how I had been getting on, whether I was still troubled by what had gone before. I noticed by her quavering voice that she was uncomfortable with the topic. Yet she pursued the topic regardless, showing how obviously she needed to bring it up.
“I have felt so terrible all these years,” she said.
As she spoke I saw the trembling in her hands, and her nervous, uncertain mouth. I tried to put her at her ease.
“Mrs Muller, you have nothing to feel badly for.”
By then, however, the tears were welling in her eyes and her mouth was visibly trembling.
“Oh, but I have,” she sobbed. “It was all my fault. Manfred died so young, and you were caught up in it, too. It could so easily have ruined your life as well, you poor, dear man. And my poor daughters - I was not there for them. I could not protect them.”
I moved over and sat alongside.
“Again,” I said to her, “none of what happened was in any way your fault.”
Unsure of the precise circumstances that had existed in the Muller household, I felt I should tread delicately, and be careful of what I said or asked. I remembered, when in prison, the suggestion that Herman had been sexually intimate with one or more of his daughters, but I had no idea whether Eva knew any of this, or whether it was even true. Of course, Isabella’s suicide note was suggestive in itself. I thought it best not to say too much but instead try to comfort her. The little she had already said, however, inclined me to think she might be harbouring a terrible secret. Perhaps it was why she blamed herself, and was perhaps the cause for the guilt she so obviously felt.
Finally I said to her, “If ever you would like to get any of this off your chest - if there is anything you need to share - then please let me know. That which happened to you would have been enough to crush most people - yet here you are, years later, still with us. Please don’t feel you need to bottle any of this up. Call on me to help.”
She smiled and nodded her head. Then, before she left - for I had appointments waiting - she asked if I would come to her home for a meal.
“Thankyou - yes,” I said. “I understand you are still at the same address.”
She nodded, and as she departed we agreed on the night of the following day.
When I arrived the next night, the Muller house was much as I remembered it. What was notable was the absence of anything that might remind a person of Eva’s late husband. There were pictures of Eva, and both girls, but none whatever of the girls’ father. Admittedly, I would have been very surprised had things been otherwise. Eva had greeted me warmly at the door and invited me in. From the far end of the house wafted the glorious aroma of a true home-cooked meal. I looked around at the little abode she had made for herself. It was totally indicative of her - and every knick-knack and picture seemed to represent something positive she had been able to pull from a dark past. She gave me a tour of her home, and as she did I wondered how she had been able to continue living there. It must have been so full of memories for her, of the daughters she surely missed, but worse yet, memories of the brutal husband whom had once shared the address.
For a short time Eva left me in the loungeroom while she went and attended to the meal. On a corner buffet stood a beautifully presented photograph of Isabella and Yvette. It was framed and glassed, and was clearly a most prized possession, for it stood proud of all the other objects. I bent and studied it minutely. It was the first time I had seen Yvette, and the likeness between the two sisters was staggering. The pair of them had been attired similarly for the photograph, and with so many years having passed since I had seen Isabella, I was uncertain which of the girls was she. It was indeed easy to understand how they often had been mistaken for one another.
I looked around the room, at all the little treasures to which Eva had obviously attached a sweet importance. There was certainly a sense of sadness to be felt. It was such an empty, quiet place, and I imagined back to some point in time, so many years before, when a young woman moved in with her new husband, and with dreams of raising a happy family. Poor Eva - how badly it had all gone for her.
We enjoyed a wonderful meal that night and talked on many subjects, but I came away knowing in my heart that Eva had not been able to broach the matter she so wanted to clear from her mind. I had not pushed her. At one point it seemed she might share what she knew, but quickly she bottled up. To my way of thinking, the main reason for my invite had been that she could ease her mind. It did not happen on this occasion, and as I left I sensed the definite disappointment she was feeling within herself.
“Share your problems, Mrs Muller, please,” I said as I was leaving. “There is nothing you can’t say to me.”
She smiled faintly and announced that we must do this again sometime, and that she had very much enjoyed my company.
Our dinners were indeed repeated, and were always arranged following Eva’s regular check up. With each new visit I felt our friendship growing stronger, and as her confidence grew I knew she would soon be able to share more fully the inner turmoil that so haunted her.
Finally she broke her silence. It was after one of our meals that we sat drinking tea in her loungeroom. She had been ill at ease all evening, distracted, and I sensed she was seeking the right words with which to share her pain. There was some terrible thing inside of Eva that she had to say aloud, and I was determined to see her unburdened. I moved from the armchair I was occupying and positioned myself nearer to her.
“Mrs Muller,” I said, “this is perhaps the third or fourth time I have been here for a meal. Each time I’ve gone away troubled. I know there are things you want to say but I sense you can’t bring yourself to do so. Believe me, you must. Like me, you were caught up in something, long ago, that was none of your doing. You must unburden yourself. Whatever is your secret, it goes no further than me, and I assure you I will not leave here on this occasion until you tell.”
Eva sat before me, a tight little bundle. She was sitting forward in the chair, her feet and knees tightly together, her white knuckles showing how fiercely her hands were clenched as one. I sat and waited, and watched her troubled face, as behind those sad eyes I could see she gathered her thoughts. I was patient, for I knew that on this occasion she would tell all.
“It goes no further,” she said, her voice low, her eyes fixed on the floor.
“Of course,” I answered.
She then proceeded to tell the following remarkable tale:
“He had been abusing me for years. He would strike me for anything - a meal was not right - his boots were not done. He would strike me for anything at all. He would torment and belittle me, too, until I had no worth as a person. I was not allowed to go out except with his permission. I was allowed no friends, no visitors. Even my dear sister, Miranda - I was rarely able to see her. And he was worse when the drink was in him, and that was mostly. He would drink with his friends, the roughest types in town. Some nights he would not come home. Other nights he would, but so very late. That might seem to you to have been a blessing, but I would lie awake, knowing that when he did return he would be drunk and violent, and would turn his anger on me.
Then one morning when Herman had left and gone to work, Isabella came from her room and into the kitchen where I was. It was a month, maybe two, since we had so tragically lost Yvette. Isabella was a crying wreck. She had already been missing school in the wake of Yvette’s death. She was sobbing bitterly and shaking. She threw her arms around me and cried, Oh, mother. I sat her down and begged that she tell me what was wrong.
It was the previous night. I had been in bed. I had heard Herman stumble through the front door at about midnight. As was normally the case, I pulled the blankets tightly around me and pretended to be asleep. But for ages he did not come into our room. Instead, I heard him open the door to Isabella’s room - to this day the door still has a distinctive sound. I wondered what he was doing and why it took him so long to come out. I feared the worst, for I heard a scuffling and some muffled sobs from Isabella. Yet I was such a coward, Alan. I did nothing. I just lay there and shook with fear. When Herman did come to bed he did not try to touch or awaken me, but fell straight into a heavy, drunken slumber.
But now it was the following morning, and Isabella sat before me, a broken wreck of a girl. Herman had gone into her room the night before and put his hand over her mouth, both to awaken her and keep her quiet. Then he had forced himself upon her, which, of course, was the cause of the sobbing I had heard. It was the first time he had done anything of the sort to Isabella, but Isabella then told me of everything he had done previously to Yvette.”
Eva took a moment at that point, and so I held her hand. I asked her to take her time. Eventually she went on, her face drawn, her eyes so full of tears, both her hands trembling.
“Well, apparently, for more than a year before she died, Herman had been doing this same thing to Yvette. He had threatened to kill her if she told, so Yvette did not so much as tell her sister. The girls had a room each, and neither Isabella nor I suspected his actions. Isabella found out what he was doing on the very day that Yvette died. Both girls had gone to Cape Terrible to stay with Miranda and Gunter. Manfred was coming later. I allowed it only because Herman had gone hunting for a few days with his friends. I knew he would not be home, and by the time he returned the girls would be back. As with me, he rarely allowed them out, though Yvette had a rebellious streak and would often go against his will. The Cape was, however, one place that Herman would occasionally allow them to visit.
Then, while they were gone, Herman suddenly arrived home. He was back much sooner than expected and was furious that I had allowed the girls to go away without his permission. He struck me repeatedly then stormed off to the Cape with his horse and cart.
In the meantime, Yvette and Isabella had gone to the Lockington Falls for a swim in the rockpool. Isabella said that while they were there, Yvette became very worked up and emotional and Isabella could not understand why. Finally Yvette told her the things her father had been doing for so long, and worse still, that she was pregnant. Then, while they were sitting on the rocks and talking, Herman appeared before them. He had gone to the beach house to demand they return home, only to find the place unlocked but empty. Miranda and Gunter had gone sailing, the girls for a swim, and a note had been left to that effect on the kitchen table. It was put there for Manfred, so he would know where people were when he arrived. Herman had read it and headed straight for the falls. By the time he arrived, and appeared unexpectedly out of the surrounding growth, Yvette was still in a worked up state. Herman demanded to know what was wrong.
I’m pregnant Father, she screamed at him, and forced her way past. Isabella said her father’s face turned grey and he chased Yvette along the path that led to the top of the falls. Yvette kept screaming back at him to leave her alone. She kept screaming that she wished he were dead. Isabella followed a little way but very soon saw the pair of them standing on the rocks at the top of the falls. Yvette was near the edge, her back turned to the drop as she faced him, he coming at her threateningly. Then he grabbed her and was shaking her violently. Yvette pulled a fist free and punched him to the side of the head. When she did it again, Herman, in his rage, picked her up and threw her over the falls.”
Eva finished this part of the story and I sat, stunned, before her, not speaking but instead trying to absorb what she had said. My heart was pounding, as firstly I realised that what Paddy had said was true - though how he had known was beyond me - and secondly, that a fatal accident had, in reality, been murder. I was still taking it all in when Eva suddenly started up again.
“Of course my husband then had another problem. He looked out across the water and saw that Isabella had seen the whole thing. He gathered himself and charged as quickly as he could back down the track to the rockpool. When he got to her, Isabella had not budged an inch from where he last saw her. He grabbed her and pushed her, held her hard up against a tree. Isabella was gasping for breath as the shock of what she had just seen set in.
Isabella, he said to her, Isabella, this was an accident. Do you hear me? I came here to get you both and take you home, but when I got here you told me Yvette had slipped from the top of the falls. Do you understand? That’s what happened, Isabella. That’s what happened, and if you ever say any different, I’ll kill you, too.
Isabella collapsed at the foot of the tree and looked out over the water, at Yvette’s body, face down and floating.
But you’ll go to gaol, she gasped.
Herman shook her and repeated his threat.
Isabella, I swear I’ll kill you. Get it through your head - this was an accident. If you send me to gaol I’ll set my friends upon you, and your damned mother, too. Promise me now you little bitch, or I’ll kill you right here.
Isabella was made to give her promise - then Herman forced her in helping to drag Yvette from the water. He carried Yvette’s dead body over his shoulder, out of the forest, and loaded her onto his cart. From there they returned to the beach house.
By that time, Miranda and Gunter had returned and were told of a ghastly accident. I knew nothing of Yvette’s death until very late that night, and because Herman and Isabella both told the same story, I had no reason to doubt.”
Eva took another break in her story while I sat and stared at her. It was such a startling tale, but certainly one I had no trouble believing, having known first hand the violent nature of Herman Muller. Eva was still seated in the same balled-up way, and was, by this time, trembling all over. I tried again to ease her.
“Mrs Muller - again this was not your fault. You were placed in a frightening position. The only devil in this story was your husband.”
“No,” she disagreed, “I have much to atone for. I should have killed him. On more than one occasion I had considered killing him in his drunken sleep. All I had to do was fetch a carving knife, hide it by the bed, and plunge it into him as he slept. So many times I nearly had the will but my fear and my weakness stopped me, and all the while he continued to defile my one remaining daughter - my poor Isabella.”
“But still, Mrs Muller, had you killed him, you would have gone to gaol yourself, or even worse, faced the gallows. If it had gone wrong and your husband had woken, he would have killed you instead. Don’t be too hard on yourself.”
“No, no, Alan,” she cried, her face now buried in her hands, her body shaking violently, “I did not protect my babies. He was a brute, and I was weak. I have much to answer for - and Manfred, too, is dead because of me.”
Although I found I could understand Eva’s reasoning, she had indeed been placed in a nightmarish situation, and once events such as these have run their course, it is often easy to see what should have been done. I felt great sorrow for Eva Muller that night, and rather than leave her alone, I spent the night in one of the unoccupied bedrooms. As I lay there I felt saddened, yet oddly satisfied that so much more of the mystery had been unfurled.
As time went by, the dinners I shared with Eva continued. They became a regular appointment that both of us looked forward to. Eva seemed a little more content now that she had unburdened the heavy load she had carried for so long. I found it interesting that it was me she had needed to confide in and not someone else. I thought Miranda Stein, being her sister, was the obvious choice, but as is often the case with downtrodden women, Eva was too wracked with embarrassment, and guilt at her own inaction. There had been something in my manner, or profession, or in the nature of my involvement, that had allowed Eva the avenue to share those things that had so tormented her.

Chapter twenty  

I now bring this tale into the present, the tragic and turbulent past that so provided the bulk of its material falling steadily back with each tick of the clock. I am pleased to say the medical practice I have been fortunate enough to share continues to grow. It does sadden me rather that Dr Dibley will retire at the end of this year. He looks forward to a quiet life in the country, and together we have already begun canvassing for his successor.
Dorchester as an area has also expanded, new industry and rapid advancements changing the town and our ways of life. The increasing use of the motorcar has greatly improved mobility, but has created noise and its own confusion. Travel, in many ways, though easier and more convenient, has lost some of its charm, and has gained an added element of danger. Despite this, I have moved with the times, the thriving practice affording me the luxury of my own automobile. House calls have become so much simpler as a result, and emergencies are now more quickly attended to. As the numbers of motor vehicles continues to increase and the roads improve, it is foreseeable that there will be no destination within our land not quickly and easily accessible.
The other advancement that is now widespread, within town at least, is that of electricity. The footpaths and lanes have become safer as a result of the improved lighting, and many homes are now equipped with this luxury. It is thought that in time appliances run by electricity will be commonplace, everything from the cooking of and storing of food to the washing of clothes. Already, electric office machines are found within the walls of many prosperous businesses.
I have been fortunate enough to find love recently. For some time I courted a beautiful young lady named Millie Bathgate, and a year ago she consented to be my wife. Since then we have been blessed with our first child, a daughter, Lillian. My wife, having been raised in Dorchester, has known of me ever since the tragedies of Cape Terrible. As it turns out, she attended the same school as the Muller girls. She had been two years their junior but knew of them both in passing. Their deaths, of course, severely shocked the people of Dorset County, and Millie had been no exception. She clearly remembers those awful days, and indeed confesses to being amongst those who condemned me, believing at the time that Manfred and I had indeed murdered Isabella.
Millie has been a great help in so many ways and has opened up a whole new world for me, a world outside of my work. She has many social connections, and through her I have greatly enhanced my circle of friends and community standing, and have felt the lid lift from what had been a fairly narrow existence for me. It was not that I felt I needed any such alteration, but now I see myself living a more colourful and layered life. She has also been helpful in my writing of this book, and being an avid reader, has assisted me with the structure. There was so much that was unknown to her prior to my putting it all down on paper. Much of the story shocked her, as I worked through my recollections and recorded them. Indeed, some details had vanished from my own mind, and it was not until I began writing, and the story unravelled, that each became, once more, vividly clear.
Mrs Eva Muller must be mentioned for her allowing me to record the dreadful details of her domestic situation, and I thank her for it. Whatever guilt she felt for her perceived cowardice or inaction must be put aside in the light of her bravery in allowing such horrors to be here recorded. After such a passage of time, she is no longer so concerned with keeping her secret, hoping that her story might encourage others in similar situations to act quickly. To this day we continue to dine regularly, and she still lives in the same house, but now when I go along I take Millie and Lillian with me. They all get on well together, and in a way Millie and I feel like Eva’s adopted children. Sadly, Gunter Stein passed away last year after suffering a stroke, but his wife, Miranda, remains well, her bond with her sister still strong.
My parents, now in their late sixties, have themselves relocated to Dorchester and are enjoying their retirement. My sister, Alice, did eventually marry Aloysius, he having gone on to be a successful architect. The pair has since moved to the United States, where Aloysius has entered into a partnership. Mother and father intend travelling to America to visit them in just a few weeks, having already booked passage on the maiden voyage of a beautiful new ship from the White Star Line.
Writing this story has caused me to revisit some dark memories, and the emotions have been relived. Indeed, the need for intense and detailed recollection has brought with it periods of depression, despite my current situation which could not be better or more prosperous. I have again had to endure bouts of broken sleep, and nights riddled with the most appalling, confused and muddled dreams. Faces have again come to me in the dark - faces of friends, like Manfred, and faces of loathsome enemies such as Herman Muller. The entire story, as detailed here, has flashed by in a series of vignettes, the facts and outcomes twisting and changing, with many alternate scenarios, charged by the various dark emotions of guilt, loathing, and sorrow.
To you, the reader, I apologise for any gaps in the story that I have been unable to fill. Much of what happened remains a mystery to me also, and I have been able to document only that which I know. The strange encounter on that first night at Cape Terrible is one enigma that I am sure will remain as such until the last breath of air has passed from my being. I will never know what happened on that occasion. Was it Isabella who came into my room on that dark night and seduced me, a complete stranger? It would seem unlikely, but considering the addled state of her mind, and her proximity to the house on the night, it is possible. Certainly I was struck on the following day by an overwhelming impression of it having been her. I became greatly confused thereafter when I learned of Yvette, and was then confronted with the possibility that a ghost had, in fact, seduced me. There is also the possibility that nothing happened at all, that indeed it was the workings of my mind, operating in some telepathic way, yet the impression of realism was undeniable. That whole episode still unsettles me, and as peculiar as it may seem, more so than the actual phantom that visited some nights later. On that score, I have no doubt. Despite my practical mind and professional training, I have become a convert to the notion of another plane of existence, as anybody might who had experienced what they believe was a genuine ghostly encounter. Yvette did visit me that night, but the memory of it brings me no fear. At the time it was terrifying, and I have attempted in my way to convey that effect as it was felt then. Now, however, I see it for what I truly believe it was. It was a poor, wronged, dead girl, bitterly sad and pleading for her death to be avenged. Why she selected me I will never know, but I feel honoured that she did, and feel satisfied that, in an unplanned way, her killer got his dues.
I will also never know, unless we one day meet again and I ask him, how Paddy had known of Yvette’s pregnancy to her father. Perhaps, in desperation, Yvette had told somebody of her dreadful dilemma and the word then found a grapevine that eventually reached Paddy’s ears. The Irishman’s tentacles, after all, reached far and wide.
The other great mystery that still remains is that of the dagger in the door. I have never been able to fully understand that. It would seem a certainty that Herman Muller found the weapon inside the beach house as he searched for Manfred and I - we having already taken flight for the forest. It probably fell from his person as he pursued us across the fields, and might account for why we thought he had abandoned the chase. There was a long period when we could not see him behind us, and this, in hindsight, may have been when he was searching through the grass for that which he dropped. I will never forget the horror of seeing him emerge suddenly from that hollow some two hundred yards behind, his eyes fixed, his stare murderous. But as for how the dagger came to be wedged in the door of the house at a time when Muller was known to be at work remains unsolved. It seems likely enough it was Isabella who removed the only source of lighting in the house as some strange act of passion, but to drive a dagger so deeply into a solid wooden door would take greater strength than hers, and the question would remain as to where she had sourced the weapon. As for the bruise to the side of Isabella’s face, again we will never know. She may have slipped and fallen at some point.
So there ends the saga of Cape Terrible. Under different circumstances I could imagine feeling a fondness for such a place - so windswept, so wild, and so full of natural wonder. But for me the Cape will always have a heavy black cloud hanging over it, regardless of how blue the sky. So many lives were ruined or damaged by events that took place there, there being but one man to blame - the dreadful Herman Muller. I expect with the passage of time that all these memories will fade, and although I would never want to forget them entirely, I am happy to have them shelved at the rear of my mind. Having now written my story, I have no intention of again bringing forward in such detail this intricate and emotional period. I look forward now to a long life married to my sweetheart and raising our own children, ensuring with every ounce of my being that none of them suffer in the way the Muller family did.

Thankyou, dear reader, for taking the time.

Dr. Alan R. Robertson
 March, 1912.

The End

 

 
