The Russian Idea
by
Steve Evans
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Steve Evans
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover image courtesy of Silentiger and Dreamstime.com
Cover by Joleene Naylor
This book is written in New Zealand English. Enjoy the difference
Other books by Steve Evans on Smashwords are:
Demented
Evilheart
The Kleiber Monster
Savonarola's Bones

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Part One
Part Two
Part Three

PART ONE
Chapter One: Welcome to Russia, Daniel
The man was slumped over the keyboard of the grand piano, his body twisted slightly to one side, hands on the middle keys, eyes closed, as if he was intensely seeking in his mind the notes he was about to play, and when he found them, would squeeze them out so delicately, so sensitively, that listeners would be transported to ecstasy. The twisted grimace on the pianist's unshaven face, the blackness of the beard with tousled hair to match, all set in the soft half-light of a tiny lamp on the far end of the piano, added to the charm. Only he wasn't meant to be there. No one was.
Daniel turned around and left the room.
“Nadya.”
“Yes?”
“There's some one at the piano, in the front room. Do you know about this?”
Nadya came out of the kitchen, where she'd been fiddling with an automatic espresso maker.
“No.” She frowned. “I have no idea. Just a moment please.”
As Daniel moved to follow, she waved him away.
“Wait in the kitchen unless I call you, please.”
Daniel introduced himself to the kitchen. It was tiny, a kitchenette really – just room for a small table and two benches to squeeze into the space between the stove and sink on one side of a bank of windows and the refrigerator on the other. Good I'm not all that big, he thought. Otherwise being here would be a problem, even though it's only a fortnight. The windows using up most of the outside wall meant a view of some kind during the day; there would have to be, from a fifth floor flat. A clock above the tiny table showed it was two - two a.m. It had been a long day. He pulled out one of the benches from under the table and sat on it just as Nadya came bustling in, her thin body pushing past him so she could rummage around in a small cupboard under the windows next to the stove. She yanked out a pair of rubber gloves and was pulling them on as she squeezed back past him.
“Nadya. What's going on?”
“Not now,” Nadya said. The look on her narrow face with large round eyes was stern, as if she was his mother, or employer, instead of someone he had met just hours before. “Wait for me to call.”
Daniel sat stunned. His brain was fogged, as if he was thinking through a haze and could not quite make out his thoughts. What was it about? He really had no idea. He had no idea why he was there at all, actually – except for the fat wodge of dosh that had landed in his bank account back in Manchester. Twenty thousand American dollars with a promise of eighty thousand more for two weeks in Moscow, all expenses paid, a guide and translator thrown in, itinerary all sorted too, and if things worked out – a job offer worth much, much more. That would be welcome - his contract was coming to an end, his life was not really going anywhere otherwise either. It was time for a change.
Nadya came back, wearing the rubber gloves. She didn't come into the kitchen.
“Please.” The big eyes in the narrow face seemed even larger. “You must help – help now. There is a pair of gloves in that cupboard. Put them on and come.” She turned and left. Daniel fossicked in the cupboard, found a pair of rubber gloves, with an effort squeezed them on over his dry skin and trailed Nadya into the front room and the man at the piano.
She'd turned on the overhead light and when Daniel came into the room he realised with a start that the man was dead. It woke him up.
“Dead?” he exclaimed. “He's dead?”
“That is correct,” Nadya said quietly. “Murdered. Now – help me. I need you to hold him while I search his pockets.”
“Don't you think – the police...?”
She looked at him strangely, as if he were from some other planet.
“This is Russia, Daniel. I will explain everything later. But just a moment– I was not thinking. Wait here.” She rushed out of the room.
Daniel looked at the dead man. He had only seen him from the far side of the room, across the top of a grand piano, in dim light. Up close, lit by the far more powerful overhead light, it was obvious he was dead from the flaccid skin tone of his face – but also from the large knife sticking out of his back, through the thick leather of his black jacket. There was no blood on the floor, but a dark stain discoloured the leather, leaving it stiff where the rest was supple.
“Here.” Nadya returned and handed him a plastic apron. “Put this on, please. You may lean on him, but try not to do it if possible.”
“Surely...”
“Be quiet,” Nadya said in a firm voice. “You will get us both in trouble. We will call the police – we must. But we will first find out something about this man, if we can.” She pointed. “Hold him – there. Otherwise he will fall over, and they will know at once that we have been – been snooping.”
Daniel shoved his panic as far down as he could, willed it to disappear though it wouldn't, and did as Nadya commanded. The dead man was lumpy, unwieldy, like a sack of coal.
Far too deftly for Daniel's liking Nadya fished around in the man's jacket. From the inside she produced a wallet, and from a pocket on the side, a wad of banknotes. She felt his trousers but to Daniel's relief did not dig into them, which would have meant more shifting the corpse about, and Daniel was feeling queasy.
“Um.” She had put the notes on a piece of paper sitting on a table behind the piano, but opened the wallet first, rifling through the thick wedge of cards slipped into the slots of the sleek leather. “Ah.” Then - “He is a police officer – a detective. One of Maxim's. Hold him again please.” While Daniel kept the man upright, she put the wallet back where she had found it. Then she counted the money, grunted, and put that back too.
“You can let him go, carefully,” she said at last, “so he doesn't fall.” When he'd pulled away, she held out her right hand. “The gloves please, and the apron. And touch nothing in here – nothing, do you understand? You didn't touch anything when you came in, the first time?
“Only the door handle...that light was on.”
“Yes, we will return everything as it was. The door handle is good. Come into the kitchen.”
“I want to throw up,” Daniel said, and made for the toilet.
As he rushed for comfort her voice seemed far away. “Yes - certainly.”
The toilet was next to the kitchen, across from the bedroom where he'd stowed his bags when they'd first come in. He barely squeezed into the tiny space, heaving the heavy airline food into the bowl, then again, and finally, on his knees, a third time. He'd left the door ajar and Nadya's hand came through the gap with a tissue.
“Here,” she said. “The bathroom is next door, if you would like to wash when you are finished.” The hand went away.
“The coffee is ready,” he heard her say from the kitchen. “I will ring Maxim now. When you are  better – we will talk. And then – the police.”
Chapter Two: Cops
The first two policemen were drunk. They were in grey uniforms with red trim, wearing absurdly peaked caps whose shiny black brims made them look more unsteady as they tumbled their way through the door from the landing off the ancient liftwell and the creaky lift that had borne them to the fifth floor.
Nadya threw them out, pushing them back the way they'd come scarcely they had got in, shouting over what Daniel took to be wounded protests.
“Drunkards!” She vented her outrage to Daniel. “Murder – and they send drunkards. I don't care if it is three o'clock in the morning – drunkards!” She was on the phone again in an instant. When she finished they sat in silence in the kitchen; Daniel had already had his instructions and explanations from her: the police were corrupt and taking precautions was necessary; only Maxim could sort things out. Meanwhile, Daniel was to follow her lead, and do as she said. She was completely businesslike, apparenty unaffected by the grisly welcome.
Ten minutes later there was an almost discreet knock. Nadya peered through the peephole. “Maxim has reached them. That's better.”
The door swung open to reveal a huge man dressed like the corpse – black turtle neck shirt, black leather jacket, black trousers and shoes, but with his dark hair cut very close. He seemed to lunge into the hall, followed by three men in white coats, two lugging a stretcher. Nadya waved them toward the lounge and followed. Daniel didn't, not straight away. He didn't want to look at the dead man again.
To his surprise the men in white coats were back in a flash, two carrying the corpse covered with a sheet. The third man was writing on a clipboard. Daniel had expected more – photos, foresnic examinations...not this time. The trio trooped out the door with their ghoulish cargo, not looking at Daniel. In the room with the piano he could hear the big man speaking with Nadya. He ventured in.
The policeman pointed at him and said something. Nadya shrugged. The policeman made a call on his mobile and said to him in English, “You will wait.” He pointed out of the room. Daniel went back to the kitchen and sat on the blond wood bench. He was dead tired. It had been a long flight from Manchester, followed by customs and immigration at Domodedovo airport outside Moscow, to be met by this strange dark-haired woman Nadya, whose back was unusually straight and whose direct and somehow uncompromising gaze made him feel uncomfortable. He felt exposed by her - as if she knew all about him, and wasn't greatly impressed. They had driven to the city in the dark almost in silence. He didn't know what jet lag was, but if he had it, it wasn't fun. Finally, he put his head on his arms and went to sleep.
A gentle shaking woke him. It was Nadya. She smiled at him, the stern gaze replaced with a welcoming softness, her short dark hair lit from behind, a halo accenting shining large brown eyes. He shook his head to try to clear out the cobwebs in his mind. Had it been a dream? No...
“You have been sleeping,” she said. “Good. Now come – there is a man to speak with you. I will make a coffee for all of us.”
As he stumbled into the hall a man appeared from a room on the right. He wasn't wearing anything like a uniform, but a light brown leather bomber jacket over a beige crew neck jersey, jeans and Nike trainers that made his feet look too big for his body. He was slender and not tall, not as tall as Daniel’s five feet ten inches. His wavy light brown hair was too long for its cut and flopped over his forehead; as they talked he had to keep pushing it out of his deep-set blue eyes.
He stuck out his hand.
“Hello. Daniel. My name is Arkady Filatov.”
Daniel shook the proferred hand dumbly. “Hello.”
“Come,” Filatov said. “Come in here.” He gestured for him to go into the room he'd come out of. Daniel had not been in the room, which turned out to be a media centre. A large flatscreen television occupied a narrow wall above a DVD player, a stack of discs in their cases, and a remote control on a low coffee table. Opposite was a sofa covered in a rough fabric dyed in a green swirl, and near it, a matching chair.
The man took the chair and pulled it round so it faced the sofa, sat in it, and pointed at the sofa.
“Sit.”
Daniel sat down just as Nadya appeared with three demitasse coffees on a tray. Filatov took one almost absent-mindedly and set it down on the coffee table in front of him. Daniel took the second and Nadya, who remained standing, the third.
“Your passport, please.” Filatov’s gaze was calm, assured, unhurried.
Daniel fished it out of his shirt pocket and passed it to him. The man flicked it open and stared at his photograph, comparing it to his face.
“Yes,” he said finally with a smile, “it is you – even if it does not look much like you.”
He stared off into space for a moment, as if he was searching for something in his mind, then turned back to Daniel and smiled again.
“Do you know very much about Russia?” he asked. His English, like Nadya's, was very good – smooth and fluent, with a hint of vernacular.
Daniel shrugged.
“People who think they know much about Russia probably don't.”
Filatov laughed.
“Very good. Well, you have no doubt heard many things,” he went on. “For example, that Russia is very bureaucratic, or that in Russia the police are corrupt.” He grew serious. “Of course, there is always some truth in stories like this. But these stories are never quite true, never the whole truth. There are corrupt police everywhere, and Russia is no different. But there are police who are not corrupt – who can not be corrupted, and I am one of those. And there are policemen who are not bureaucratic, who go the most direct and even creative way to a result. I am also one of those.” He beamed with pride, seemed to puff himself up, a bantam rooster, ready to preen his feathers and strut.
“I am very glad to hear it,” Daniel murmured.
Filatov ignored him.
:So I am keeping you awake – for a few minutes more, for some details. You are of course not a suspect...”
“I am glad to hear that too."
"But you disturbed the body. I know this – you and your companion.” He stared at Nadya.
Daniel was suddenly awake, alert. What he called his “suspicion antennae” began to throb. What was going on?
Nadya smiled at the policeman in a way that was plainly false - meant to be seen as false.
“Yes, of course we did,” she said, before Daniel could speak. “What do you expect?”
The policeman beamed even more widely.
“Yes, that is true – I did expect you to do it. It is normal, human. But you left the money...”
"We only wanted to know who he was," Nadya said. “The money was not important to us.”
"Even to you?" the policeman looked at Daniel.
“I would not steal it,” he said. “How did you know we touched the man?”
“The police are not required to answer such questions, Daniel. You know who he was. And he was?” Filatov turned his face to Nadya.
“He was one of you - a policeman. And he worked for Maxim – as a security advisor. There was a card, in his wallet. Daniel would have no idea.” Nadya looked bored, as if the detective was wasting his time – certainly hers.
“Ah yes, Maxim. Maxim Maximov, the famous industrialist and financier.” The detective smiled. “He has thrown his weight around about this man, already, in the middle of the night. You work for him.” Daniel could not tell if Filatov was asking a question or making a statement as if he already knew the answer, and was merely making small talk.
“You know this,” Nadya said flatly.
“And you?” he turned to Daniel.
“Maybe. I am here for a – for a job interview.”
The detective raised an eyebrow.
“Indeed? Here in Russia? Is your Russian so good you can be an asset here?”
“My Russian is poor,” Daniel said, feeling edgy. “It is for a position in England – my home. Is it of concern to you? Is there something to do with this murder that you are asking these questions?”
“Oh, no!” Filatov put up his palm in mock protest. “At least – not that I am aware. But all the information we can gather is of course potentially useful. The man was not killed here, you know – he was killed somewhere else, and brought here...there is a meaning to it, but it is unclear to us.”
“It is a warning to Maxim,” Nadya said. “A tragic one. Whoever did this could not get close to him, so they chose this method. You should ask him.” She yawned then. “It is very late. Daniel has slept only a short while in the past 24 hours, and you yourself must be very tired. Please – let us continue this, if we must, another time.”
Filatov smiled a very thin, not entirely happy smile.
“Yes, of course. Go to bed, Daniel - go to bed, both of you. We can speak again.”

Chapter Three: New plans

“Guh.”
Daniel lurched out of bed and into the kitchen to find Nadya busy on a laptop.
“Oh!” she looked up, surprised - maybe. “Do you know you have slept twelve hours?”
“Guh. Coffee?”
She smiled.
“Yes. It is in the machine behind you. I will show you; I am already tired of making it for you.”
When she had shown him, and he'd made a cup of espresso, she put the laptop away and gestured for him to sit at the small table facing her.
“We've missed the appointment with him – with Maxim,” Daniel said after gulping down some wake-up call. It was late afternoon.
“It is not a problem. I rang this morning and made new arrangements. We will go tomorrow. Today – tonight – we will see some of Moscow.”
“I haven't even seen the flat.”
She laughed.
“Yes, take a look around...there is not much to see.”
“It was dark last night and the – the -”
“Yes,” she said again. “That is over. Maxim is of course quite concerned. It is not a very nice introduction to Russia, to Moscow. But you should not worry - we will be safe here. The locks have already been changed.”
Daniel went exploring, thinking that if Maxim was concerned, Nadya didn't seem to be.
The main room, with the grand piano, was quite dishevelled. He hadn't noticed that the night before. Next to the piano, stacked against the wall, were hundreds of music sheets in a large untidy stack. In the far corner, next to the door, a heap of CDs crowded around a stereo, and behind that, a glass-fronted bookcase crammed to overflowing with books. The only seating apart from the chair in front of the piano – respectfully put into its place, as if awaiting the next corpse, Daniel thought grimly – was a chaise longue on the opposite wall, shoved before a full-length mirror. There was a large table jammed up in front of two tall sashed windows, but no chairs. The faded wallpaper behind the piano was broken by paintings in a range of styles, some traditional, others more modern. The largest was a strange pastiche of a wooly mammoth made up of tiny pieces of paper printed with mathematical symbols and technical drawings. All the paintings were framed and had glass covers.
“A room for living,” Daniel murmured. He liked it. He wondered whose it really was.
The rest of the flat was cramped – the room with the huge plasma television screen scarcely had room for anything else apart from a built-in wardrobe, and beyond that a small study with another chaise longue instead of a desk, slotted in among bookcases stuffed with books in Russian and English. There was a pillow on the chaise longue; Daniel guessed Nadya had slept there the night before.
Apart from the lounge and its macabre piano the biggest room by far was the bedroom he'd been given, at the back of the flat looking out over a large garden and children's play area. It was furnished with a desk and a computer on the far wall past the double bed. The paintings in this room too, all originals, were well-framed and tasteful. Above the regency desk with the PC a portrait of a very elegant woman wearing a wide-brimmed hat and a flowing scarf was especially well-done, he thought.
“So.” Nadya appeared behind him, in the bedroom. “What do you think? Would you live here?” She smiled.
“Yes,” he said slowly. “I would. It's nice, lived-in. Whose is it?”
“It is mine now,” she said. “It was a music teacher’s.”
“And?”
She seemed nettled. “And what?”
“And what happened to the music teacher? Why is the piano still here?”
“It doesn't matter. The teacher is no longer here, but it is not so easy to remove a grand piano from a fifth floor flat. Now – let us go to see the sights.”
“This means Red Square.”
"Yes, to start," she agreed. "If we go quickly we can see the Kremlin Armoury museum and some of the churches inside the walls as well as St Basil's cathedral on the Square." She smiled. "If you wish to see Lenin's tomb, you will go alone - I am not an admirer."
"I am not sure..."
She looked at her watch. "Well, not being sure is not a bad thing as we really do not have enough time to do all of those things.
"No Kremlin or Red Square please."
"No?" She looked surprised. "And why not?"
"Everyone sees the Kremlin and Red Square and that makes it fake. They'll be all ready for tourists - and I guess I just don't feel like tourists today. Maybe at midnight we could go."
"You are a strange man."
"You are a strange woman."
"Ah?"
"You've been pretty bossy with me," he said in a low voice. "Making all the decisions, telling me what to do last night. Deciding what we will do today. I'm unsure of myself – ok. I understand that I am a foreigner, a stranger, and you a very knowledgeable local, and I'm meant to be shown around.  But to be honest, Nadya, it's frightening, this murder. But you don't seem frightened, and you won't tell me anything. Whoever killed this man - we could be next, but I have to rely on your judgment – and I don't know anything about your judgment. You don't communicate. You just dictate. I can't be prepared – be ready for something, if there is something to be ready for."
She crossed her arms and stared at him. A smile crept slowly onto her lips and stuck there, like a recording determined to keep playing the same snatch of melody, however irritating it might become.
"What do you want to know?"
"What you know. You know why that man was put here, or I think you do. And you're not saying. They knew how to get into the flat, and maybe knew about the piano too...they would not have wanted to fool around deciding on a place. But all you want to do is take me to see the Kremlin."
"Anything more?"
"Yes, a lot more. You seem to be able to treat the police like a fashion show. You snap your fingers and they creep onto the catwalk hoping for approval. You don't like the look of them? They go. You ring Maxim, and a better class of model struts into view.
Nadya stared at him, then turned away.
"Is there more you would like to say now?" Her voice was quiet, almost a whisper.
"You may be very certain of that. You've got me, Nadya. I don't speak Russian at all well, don't know where I am, don't even understand why I'm here. Maxim as you call him has given me a lot of money to come here, to put some kind of proposition to me. Fine. But while I'm waiting, I am not too keen on being killed, or on being manipulated." He touched her shoulder to turn her around to face him.
"So I want to be told what's going on. All right?"
The smile finally cracked; the lips turned down to grim. She stared him coldly in the eye, and said nothing.
"Talk to me," he pleaded.
She turned away again.
"I can't. I understand what you are saying, but you will have to ask Maxim. He is the boss, Daniel. My employer."
"Well ring him – ask him to let you speak. You can do it."
"It is not so easy. Maxim is busy. Everything is on a tight programme with Maxim – all the time. The murder created an exception and your meeting was rescheduled. You can ask him yourself – tomorrow. You will have several hours with him. This project is important to Maxim."
"Is it important to you?"
She did turn to him then, and gave him a hard stare, as if it was rude to ask.
"Yes. Yes it is. I agree with Maxim about it one hundred per cent."
"Well let me tell you something, Nadya. He's paying me one hundred thousand American dollars just to come and listen to his pitch. That tells me he wants me to be part of it. If he wants that, he – and you – are going to have to be more open with me."
"Maxim is determined for you to be involved," Nadya said. "That goes without saying. But if you choose not to do it..."
"You will get along without me somehow," he completed the sentence for her, but it was also his thought.
"Of course." She smiled at last. "No one is irreplaceble. Not me. Not even Maxim." She picked up a purse off the table by the entranceway.
"I want to go out," she said. "All this talking is giving me a headache. You can stay here, or you can come with me to Red Square, and then for a drive."
He shrugged.
"You win."
She smiled at him. "It is not winning, Daniel. We are not competing." You could fool me, he thought.
The ancient lift wobbled down to the first floor, leaving them to walk to the ground and out into a huge archway. Daniel scarcely remembered it from the night before.
"This building is historic," Nadya said. "It is from the 19th century, when there were no cars and carriages used this entrance. Now it is protected; the interiors can be altered but the outside of the building must stay unchanged."
The dark blue BMW she'd driven the night before was in a carpark near the entrance. "Maxim," she said as she flicked the electronic key to open the door. "At first he replaced it every year, but I asked him for an older one - it is too conspicuous when it is new. Get in - we will drive to Red Square."
Electric gates gave way to the street that in Daniel's hazy recollection was desolate and run-down. In daylight it was transformed.
"Pyatnitskaya," Nadya said with a laugh. "It is in the historic part of the city. As you see many of the buildings are in the Renaissance style similar to Petersburg - plaster painted with pastel colours. But there are more modern buildings here too that do not fit. Now it is one of the trendy districts - bars, cafes, boutiques. New Russians like it here."
"New Russians?"
"The people who have made a lot of money since the end of the Soviet Union."
"Like Maxim."
"Yes - like Maxim. Only Maxim is not just a New Russian - he is an oligarch. This is a different and higher class."
"And you? Are you a New Russian?"
She laughed again. "You might think so, but a real New Russian would be scornful to hear you call me that. I am not arrogant enough. That sounds arrogant, doesn't it? But when you have met some of the real New Russians, you will see..."
There was a lot of traffic on the street and they inched along, giving Daniel plenty of time to look at the architecture and the street life - men and women in expensive-looking clothes jostling with those who looked like they were searching for something to eat.
They passed an old church, plastered brick painted white with pastel yellow trim and a bell tower that seemed to lean out over the street. Beggars were sitting on the footpath. A short distance away on the other side was a much larger church, this time white with red trim and a large entrance gate. A few old women in black rags sat in beside the gate with cups for coins. "There are many churches in and around Pyatnitskaya," Nadya said. "In other areas, almost none."
"And many beggars?"
She smiled a grim smile. "I am afraid so. The new era of capitalism has not been kind to everyone."
The traffic didn't let up; it took at least a half hour to travel what Daniel thought they could have walked in twenty minutes. "Is it always like this?"
"People say it is the worst in the world," she sniffed, "except possibly Beijing. At night it is not so bad - you saw yourself. But during the day..."
The Kremlin and the large square next to it, dominated by the wild swirls of colour and shape of  St Basil's Cathedral, sit hard against the Moscow River. Crossing the bridge gave them a good view of the cathedral and the high brick fortress walls of Russia's nerve centre as they crawled along. Finally Nadya pulled off the road and circled the bridge base to pull into a crowded car park. A man tried to wave them away till Nadya flashed something at him. He came to the window, peered at it, shrugged, and then guided them to a spot in the midst of the jam before walking away without looking back.
"Maxim has privileges," Nadya said. "It is unpleasant to use them, but sometimes..."
From the carpark they passed through an underground passage that led them to another, plainly official carpark at the foot of the bizarre St Basil's cathedral.
"The cathedral has just been restored," Nadya said.
"It is amazing," Daniel conceded. He'd seen many photos of the eccentric church with its psychedelic colour swirls and "onion" spires jostling for prominence in the foreground of the Kremlin on the other side of Red Square. The many vibrant colours seemed to jump off the walls. "Is it edible?"
Nadya laughed. "It does looik like a lollipop, doesn't it? Come, let's go to the square."
The walked around the cathedral to the vast open space familiar to Daniel from newsreels of military parades in the days of Soviet dictatorship.
"Do you remember it - that time?" Daniel asked.
She shrugged. "I was twenty-one when Yeltsin overthrew Gorbachev." She glanced at him. "And you?"
"Twenty five." He smiled. "Of course it was different for me. I didn't have to live in it."
The square was thronged with people. Many were taking photos of the Kremlin; the cathedrals and other buildings poking up above the high brick walls broken by a large gate guarded by men with submachine guns. Others were framing St Basil's and the GUM department store that sat on the opposite side of the square from the Kremlin. The GUM looked tired to Daniel and he said so.
"It was a radical building when it was constructed in the 19th century because of its glass roof," Nadya said. "Now, no one thinks of this. Muscovites call it a showcase of price tags - no one can afford to buy anything there.
"It has been called Red Square for a long time," she went on. "Since at least the 17th century. It comes from the word for 'beautiful' in old Russian. Of course the Communists didn't mind."
There was a queue leading into a low stone building under the shadow of the Kremlin wall. "Lenin's tomb," Nadya pointed. "You can wait in line if you want, and I will stay here for you."
"I'll pass."
"You are missing little," she said. "He looks like wax."
"And probably is."
"Ha! Would you like to go into the GUM?"
"Ah - sorry, but not really. I can say I've seen Red Square now. Actually it's better than I thought.   Are we going inside the Kremlin?"
"I think we have missed the chance today," Nadya said, looking at her watch. "You really should see both the Kremlin cathedrals and the armoury. Armoury is a funny word for a museum but it is worth seeing. We will come again. Let's go for a drive. Perhaps the traffic will be easier."
It wasn't. Nadya pulled onto a huge expressway with perhaps ten lanes in each direction, absolutely choked with vehicles. Daniel watched amazed as she negotiated the stop-start driving with the skill of a rally driver, changing lanes, diving into gaps, pushing ahead, braking to stop inches from the vehicle in front..."You can see," she said, pointing to the GPS map on the dashboard, "where it will get easier - there!" She put her finger on a spot where the red of the route changed to brown. "That is not so far..."
"The Garden Ring," Nadya said of the road they were on. "It runs in a circle around the city.   Though it is very wide, still there are too many cars for it."
It was a warm afternoon for May, and Nadya turned up the air conditioning in the BMW, till the classical music coming out of the speakers in the rear was almost inaudible.
"We will go to the Victory Park," she said. "It is disturbing. But it is worth seeing too."
Abruptly they recrossed the river in front of an immense brown brick gothic building with awkward geometric spires jutting into the sky.
"What on earth is that?"
Nadya laughed. "A hotel. Stalin had seven built much like it after the war, all for different purposes. The biggest is the university building in the Lenin Hills, on the edge of the city. We can go there to see it if you like."
"I'm not sure. That one is very ugly."
"If you look over your shoulder you will see a different style, on the far side of the river. It is called The White House, not because it is like the American one, but simply because it is white. In front of it Boris Yeltsin led the resistance to the coup against Gorbachev. You will know this led to the end of the Soviet era."
"Yes, I remember," he said as he turned to look at the more modern office tower made famous by Yeltsin and his supporters. "It is more historic really than the hotel.
"The hotel used to be called the Ukraina, but now is branded by a hotel chain with its own name."
The route showed Moscow's development - as they drove, buildings got newer and less interesting architecturally, with fewer special features that when built were designed to set them apart. In the distance a stretch of tower blocks jutted above the cityscape; Nadya said they marked  an attempt to create a financial centre, to make Moscow rate with London and New York.
"Muscovites think it is a joke. You will see it more closely soon - Maxim's office is there."
What impressed Daniel most of all was the incredible scale of the city.
"It sprawls as much as London, if not more."
"Yes, this is a very large place," Nadya agreed.
Then they lapsed into silence as she manoeuvred the BMW through what to Daniel was even more frightening jostling for position by drivers piloting anything from old Soviet-era Ladas to the latest tank-like "sport utility vehicles" or SUVs.
After a time he grew to trust her driving and asked her about herself – "If you are allowed."
She grinned – almost naturally it seemed. "A little."
"Have you worked for Maxim for a long time?"
"Yes, a long time – years, even when Maxim was only rich and not a billionaire."
"How did that come about?"
"He found me. I was in Perm, doing something he thought was good, so he approached me."
"And that was?"
"Charity work - I am in charge of Maxim's Russian charity. He has been very generous."
Daniel had read about the charity when he tried to check up on the magnate after his agent had approached him in Manchester. It was a big deal really, supporting musicians and dancers through concert tours and festivals all over Russia.
"You are from Perm?"
"No, I am from here. Perm had the best dance schools in Russia and after the Soviet Union collapsed the dancers and their musicians were starving. I love music and went there to help them, Maxim liked what I was doing..."
"You are a musician?"
She turned to him with a surprisingly hard look on her face. "You are trying to find out about the flat again. Stop it - I am telling you. Anyway no, I am not a musician but a music lover. I am something very dull – an accountant. I studied it, in London, a long time ago."
"Actually, I wasn't thinking of that but now that you mention it...You are awfully sensitive about the flat..."
"Stop it, Daniel, or you can walk back to it unless you have some roubles for the metro." The threat was real - Daniel knew he was totally dependent on Nadya. He had no Russian currency at all, and only a few British pounds in his pocket. And anyway he would not have the least idea where the flat was - Pyat something - and if he found it, he would not be able to get in without her. He hunched down and concentrated on the passing scene.
The Victory Park is on the edge of the city, where apartment blocks give way to pleasant green countryside rudely interrupted by factories, some enormous, as large as a city block. Nadya parked the BMW away from the main entrance as she explained that park was in honour of the victory in the "Great Patriotic War" but that had taken decades to finish. They walked along a pathway that  pushed through a copse of broadleaf trees sheltering, it turned out, a tank, then down behind an odd-looking building Nadya said was a war museum to abruptly arrive at a group of sculptures.
"Tsereteli" – she said. "A Georgian but he also leads the Russian Academy of Arts. It is about the victims of war...of the war. It is very moving, and is his best sculpture. You will see others that are terrible."
"The Peter the Great in the river not far from Gorky Park..." He had read about the controversial statue and seen photographs.
"Yes that one. It's a monstrosity. There have been demonstrations against it, and two times attempts were made to blow it up. But this is different. Come."
She wasn't exaggerating. Daniel's heart was in his mouth as he walked among the outsize group of bronze innocents, defenceless, prey to evil, an evil that was not stated but understood. To one side were some possessions...toys, spectacles, suitcases, clothes, hats, cast aside in a bronze horror show. They stood and stared at it for a while, but when some young men started to swing on the line of large bronze figures of victims collapsing backwards as those at the front tried to shield their children from harm, Nadya shooed them away. They skulked off, angry.
"What are they saying?"
"That they are not monkeys – as I called them."
"It seems almost sacrilegious to behave like that," Daniel said. "This is very eloquent and moving and yet there are people who don't or won't see it, who mock even the most serious and emotional subjects."
Nadya pursed her lips, as if she was about to reply, but then was silent for a minute before changing the subject.
"Come," she said. "It is nearly time for the fountains in the front."
It was getting late. The sun was easing its way down to the west and shadows from the war museum reached out to cover the figures of Tsereteli's victims, a gentle cloak of healing darkness.
Nadya led him up through the museum's open accessways. Before them stretched a double line of fountains heading toward the entrance to the park far in the distance. The fountains were set on five terraces symbolising five years of war. People milled among them, giving extra life to the bubbling waters.
"Each of 1,418 fountains represents a day of the war as it was fought in the east, against the Soviet people," Nadya explained. "Soon the waters will glow red to signify the blood that was shed."
A dull pink began to suffuse the waters. Just then Daniel noticed a familiar figure off to his right. He turned to see. Yes, it was Arkady Filatov, the detective from the previous night. He started to duck away, as though he had thought to avoid detection himself, but when he realised Daniel had seen him, came rushing over.
"Hello," he said happily. "I saw you too!" He gestured at the fountains. "It's very impressive, isn't it?" The fountains had changed to a deep crimson and seemed to shoot higher than before.
"You're following us," Daniel accused him.
"No – no, not at all. I was only watching the fountains, as you are." He smiled and pushed his hair out of his eyes. "But as you are here, and I am here..."
"Go away, please," Nadya said. "You are disturbing us in our private time. If you wish to see us, make an arrangement."
Filatov made a show of disappointment that was obviously false.
"Oh, but I thought you would like to know!" he exclaimed. "The body – my colleague, Bulov – was frozen after he was killed - shot. His clothes were removed and replaced, as was the knife. The autopsy is very definite."
Daniel felt drawn in spite of himself.
"And?"
"He had been dead some days – four or five. He had not been at work for nearly a week, but he was on holiday. His wife said he was – was working as a consultant for...for Maxim Maximov! What do you think of that?" Filatov looked eager, an anxious puppy.
"You will have to ask Maxim," Nadya said. "We saw in his wallet that he was a consultant for Maxim. Now please..."
Filatov's face fell in mock disappointment.
"You are not interested?" He said something in Russian to Nadya.
"Nyet – no," she said.
"Ah." Filatov stuck out his hand to Daniel. "We will see each other again soon. I am sure of it. It is such a mystery, isn't it? You know," he went on affably, "most murders are very straightforward. There is nothing interesting about them except that someone has been killed, a human being. This one – not only a policeman, a colleague, but murdered and then frozen somehow...I have found out how this was done by asking at the morgue..."
"Please." Nadya took Daniel's arm as if to lead him away.
"No this really is interesting!" Filatov took Daniel's other arm. "There was an unidentified body in the morgue, the police morgue! Where they have very good – very good cooling facilities. For three days - the corpse was in a body bag, with a note that it was only to be inspected by Sergei Bulov! Now it is gone...how strange..."
Nadya was tugging at one arm and Filatov at the other.
"Hey!" Daniel shook himself free, trying to make a joke of it. "No tug of war, please." He turned to the detective. "Mr Filatov I am sure this is all fascinating to you. To me, it is meaningless. A man was murdered in a flat where I am staying; it is of course strange, and frightening. But I am a visitor here; it is nothing to do with me."
"Of course." Filatov smiled another self-consciously false smile. "But your friend?"
Nadya stiffened.
"Maxim Maximov," she hissed. "Speak with him, unless you wish to arrest me. Do you?"
"Not yet," Filatov said in a cheerful tone. "But perhaps – later." He smiled again, not so nicely, and walked away quickly.
"Well!" Daniel turned to her. "So he suspects you! Some sort of plot..."
"He is a fool if he suspects me," Nadya growled. "He is just trying to upset you, because you caught him spying on us. Why would I put a body in a flat where I am staying? How could I arrange this with the police? Even Maxim might find this difficult. It is crazy." She took his arm again. "Pay no attention to him. We have much more important things to do."
"Since you won't tell me anything, I have to pay attention to him. Why would he spy on us? I know," he said to her. "I have to wait, ask Maxim. I will. But Nadya – you're not helping yourself here with me."
"I am sorry. Your English is too – too colloquial for me. What do you mean, here with you? I am here with you. I have helped you to be here."
"Are you serious? Your English is perfect. You even know what 'colloquial' means."
"It is formal." She pulled her arm free with a scowl. "I really do not know what you mean."
"I mean that you are helping me to suspect you, by refusing to talk to me. And that helps me to suspect Maxim Maximov and to refuse this – this job offer, whatever it is."
She laughed.
"If you wish to suspect me, do so. And if you wish to say no to Maxim, say no. Shall we go?"
As they walked away from the fountains, the bubbling foam darkened from crimson pink to a deep red.
Three
"In Russia the police are corrupt. None – not one – can be trusted not to sell his grandmother. This is true of Filatov and of any of them."
They were driving on the Garden Ring, en route to Maxim Maximov's dacha, or so Nadya said.    A frosty evening at a restaurant not far from the Pyatnitskaya flat sparked by their exchange at the Victory Park had been followed by a silent night in the flat. Daniel slept badly. Breakfast was eaten without speaking apart from the most formal of greetings and they had understood one another perfectly about the time to leave. Nadya was dressed quite formally, in a knee length yellow floral dress, stocking and mid-high heels, making Daniel feel underdressed in a casual jersey and jeans. She didn't comment, and he decided not to worry about it. Maxim Maximov's agent had told him to dress casually, so he had.
Only when in the air conditioned car, away from the sweltering heat, did Nadya talk - returning to the theme that had set them apart the previous day.
"You think that Maxim must have killed this Bulov – must have had him killed, and that even I may know about it, but think about this, Daniel. Maxim wants you to work for him. Why frighten you? Why put me under suspicion? It is not at all clear to me. Please – tell me your reasoning."
"I don't have any reasoning," Daniel confessed. "It – it's just your unwillingness to talk to me about it. You have some secrets about something terrible that's happened, and because of that, I am suspicious. Just like Filatov. He seems to think he has something on you, after all."
"He was just boasting," Nadya said. "Trying to scare me – us. It is nothing."
"You keep saying that."
"It is true. That is why I keep saying it."
"Now it's my turn, Nadya. Let's stop talking about it. I'll ask Maxim Maximov when I get the chance, if he doesn't raise it himself. For now, I need to think about what is coming up."
"It is a good idea, but meeting Maxim for the first time is hard to anticipate."
They lapsed again into silence as they reached the countryside; the spindly broadleaf trees clustered together for protection against the freezing cold of the winter and the baking sun of summer began first to appear among blocks of housing and then to dominate, their light-coloured leaves fluttering in a hot breeze and casting a counterpoint against the darker needles of pine plantations dotted here and there in the flat landscape.
After a time Nadya turned off the main road onto a smaller one, and then another, then others till finally they were bouncing up and down along a rutted track winding through otherwise unbroken woodland.
"Maxim likes it like this," Nadya explained. "You must know where you are going to come along here. And go slowly. There are cameras watching, too."
Nadya jolted around a bend to shudder to a halt before a sentry box guarding a gate set in a high wire fence. Closed circuit cameras kept watch perched above coils of razor wire. Electrical wiring ran along the fence, set the in the middle of ten metres of bare earth. The gate itself was visibly electrified and bolted. Nadya got out of the car and waved at whoever was behind the smoked glass of the sentry box. A man in a grey uniform with red epaulettes came out, let himself through a small doorway set in the gate, and approached the car.
He looked inside and peered at Daniel, then said something in Russian to Nadya.
"Get out of the car, please," Nadya said.
Daniel got out of the car. The sentry, who looked as if he was a professional wrestler, patted him down. Then he turned away and walked slowly back to the gate.
"You can get back in the car," Nadya called out as she returned behind the wheel. As Daniel resumed his seat the gate swung slowly open. The guard had vanished back into his box.
"Is it always like this?" he asked.
"Yes. If they didn't know me well, they would search the car. Maxim has enemies."
"Plainly."
"He doesn't like it. In fact, you might say that this is one of the reasons you are here."
"I beg your pardon?"
Nadya smiled.
"It will not be long. Patience, Daniel." To his surprise she put her hand on his. "We are almost there."
On the other side of the gate the track was paved in black tarmac Nadya said was heated for winter driving. After meandering through thick forest for a few minutes they came to a clearing, and then a carpark at the foot of a wooded hillock. From the top a veranda poked up through the trees, backed by a window so wide and high it seemed to recede into the sky it reflected.
"Maxim had the hill built," Nadya said. "There are few around here, and he wanted a view. Then he employed a forester to bring mature trees. It was a very expensive project - but worthwhile, as you will see. Come. Let us meet 'the boss'." She laughed.
They went up a flagstone pathway to another gate and sentry, and another search, and then finally to an entranceway that looked like a fortress bunker, solid concrete but for a small slit in a concrete door. As they approached, the door swung open.
"Nadya!"
An enormous man in a beige double-breasted sports coat and jeans swept Nadya into his arms, giving her his full attention. After a huge hug he pushed her back to look at her, as if it had been a long time since they'd seen one another, but Daniel knew it had been less than a week.
"You are gorgeous as always," he said in English. Then he turned to Daniel and held out his hand.
"Daniel. Maxim Maximov. Come upstairs. We have much to talk about."
A few minutes later they were seated in outsize sofa chairs in a palatial room leading on to the veranda, with a view toward Moscow over the wide swathe of forest they had just traversed.. The towers of the financial district looked impressive in the distance, rising in a cluster to force the rest of the sprawling metropolis into a backdrop.
Maximov told them tea would be just a few minutes, and then seated himself facing both of them on a sofa he made look small.
"Yes," he said as if in reply to Daniel's wondering look at his size. "I am a very big man. Two metres – that is nearly six feet seven inches in your measurements. It's not my fault." He smiled.
"Actually it is very hard, being so large," he went on. "I must work hard to keep fit, yet eat large amounts to keep my energy levels up. As you see me today, in casual clothes – that is how I am most of the time."
Maximov was indeed fit; there was no flab at all on his giant frame. Daniel's online research told him he was nearly sixty, but he seemed to be about fifty, perhaps a bit older, with close-cropped wiry grey hair and a smooth, oval shaven face that appeared to be open without giving away anything at all.. When they'd entered he had slipped off the jacket leaving only jeans, trainers, and a T-shirt. To Daniel's surprise, the T-shirt had the face of the religious philosopher Nikolai Berdyaev on it, with his name in Cyrillic lettering spreading across Maximov's broad chest. It was a photo Daniel had seen before, on the cover or as a frontispiece of his books, with a white beard and wearing a beret, as he must have looked when he lived in Paris, long into his exile. Daniel would not have expected Maximov to be aware of a man chased from Russia in the 1920s till his death in 1947, much less to put him on his T-shirt. Daniel's suspicion antennae began to twitch.
Maximov saw Daniel's look of recognition.
"Yes, Berdyaev. You are familiar with him." He made it a statement.
"Yes." Daniel did not feel like giving much away.
"He was a great man," Maximov said. "A great Russian."
"He is almost unknown outside his native land," Daniel replied cautiously.
"But you know him. Tell me what you know." Maximov's face was giving nothing away.
"I'm not an expert..."
"Don't be shy, Daniel." Nadya looked at him in a strange way. "Tell what you know as Maxim asks."
As he talked he realised that actually he really did know quite a bit about Nikolai Berdyaev - his childhood in a wealthy home in Kiev, his interest in philosophy and attraction to Marxism that led to exile in imperial Russia, the move to Christianity that in its turn led to exile from Soviet  Russia...Berlin, then Paris...the best-selling tracts that spawned the Catholic Worker movement in the United States and, much later, liberation theology in Latin America, and overarching all of it, beyond his criticism of capitalism and Marxism, Berdyaev's respect for the individuals who would reach out to one another and to God, to transform the world and rescue humanity from oppression.
"That makes Berdyaev sound very political, but it's not really fair to say that," Daniel said. "He was political, but the basis of his thinking was the individual living a spiritual life. He showed me how to find and develop my spirituality, and to go outward from that, to reach out to others. He had this idea 'sobornost' as I am sure you are aware, if you are interested in him. It means something like 'unity in diversity' in English, with the foundation of spiritual solidarity resting on individual uniqueness.
"He wrote a lot of books," Daniel wound up. "But I think he is rather forgotten today, certainly outside Russia."
"Not by you, Daniel," Maximov said approvingly. "You have provided an excellent summary." He peered at Daniel as if to see inside his soul. "What do you think he would make of the unpleasantness you have had to endure?"
"You mean the murder?"
"Yes, of course. And the police..."
"He taught me how to bear the unbearable," Daniel said simply.
"Very well put." Maximov smiled. "And this - how unbearable?"
"It is not unbearable - but it is unsettling and frightening," Daniel said. "Especially as this policeman Filatov says without saying so that you and Nadya are suspects."
"He must be mad," Maximov scoffed. "Why would I do a thing like that? He has come to my office, asking questions. I tell him the truth - Bulov was a consultant for me; he advised on matters like the guardhouse you had to pass through to get to the dacha, and the electrical wiring, the rosters for the guards - that sort of thing. He also supervised all my security arrangements and hired and fired the guards. When he was murdered I had to have all the wiring changed; the guards roster had to be altered, and I am now having to find a new consultant. Bulov's death was a great inconvenience to me, and I do not understand why Filatov would think anything else. Let us go back to Berdyaev."
"Berdyaev means a lot to me," Daniel continued. "At a certain time in my life he – he showed me a new way to look at things. I am grateful to him. Berdyaev's teaching is about attitude, come what may. But what attracted me most was his argument that each individual's unique quality matters, that what makes each of us different is important and is what makes us able to reach out to one another and come together for common purposes: not because we are the same, but because we are different. To me that sets him apart from most philosophers."
Maximov broke into a beaming smile.
"Very good! And how do you think you have handled this unfortunate series of events?"
"Not badly. I wasn't – wasn't a mess over it, apart from being sick after dealing with the body of this Bulov. Of course it worries me - I want to know if I am at risk, or if Nadya is at risk. It's made me a bit anxious and I haven't handled it one hundred per cent well. Surely I could have done better." He glanced at Nadya. "Especially with her."
"Ah." Maximov stood up and walked over to him, staring down at him from what seemed an impossible height.
"You mean this? Sincerely? That you could have done better? With Nadya?"
"Yes – yes of course. I was prickly with her when I should not have been."
"Then we can talk about the future."
"You mean it's been a test? All this?"
"For what I have in mind, you must get along with Nadya. It was not intended to be a test, but it went in a new direction I had not anticipated." Maximov laughed and clapped his hands. As if on cue a tall, very beautiful blonde woman in brown slacks and a yellow tank top came out of nowhere pushing a trolley groaning with food.
"Tatiana," he waved at the woman. "My wife." He went up to her and kissed her – really warmly, Daniel thought. He wasn't just putting it on.
Daniel stood up and shook her hand, trying to keep from gawking at such beauty, or at the deep cleaveage between the ample breasts on display in the yellow tank top. She was very tall for a woman, taller than Daniel's five feet ten, and much taller than Nadya, who was nearly as tall as he was, but not awkward nor misshapen as many women and men are whose height is above the norm. Her blue eyes sparkled as she took his hand – "telling me that she's been ogled by men all her life", Daniel thought.
"You are very sensitive," she murmured. "I can tell."
"Others might disagree," he mumbled, embarrassed. He didn't feel very sensitive. He'd gone from the spiritual wonderland of Nikolai Berdyaev to sexual excitement in an instant - through a snapshot of the cleaveage of this bound-to-be-untouchable woman. She must know, he thought as she turned as if nothing was amiss to embrace Nadya in the way European women do.
"Let's help ourselves," Maximov said, grabbing a plate and beginning to heap food on it.. "We can talk while we eat."
Daniel waited till last, watching Nadya and Tatiana pick daintily at a sumptuous array of cold meats, seafoods and salads. He noticed Nadya chose fish and Tatiana chicken while Maximov mounded roast beef and sausages onto his large plate, barely leaving room for a few gherkins and olives on the side. His own choice was chicken, but he wasn't feeling very hungry.
"So," the big man said between mouthfuls of beef, "we should start at the beginning. No, let's start before the beginning. You are not at risk, Daniel. Some one is threatening me, and using my connection to Nadya to do it. If you or Nadya were in danger you would already be dead. No one pulls a ghoulish prank if they think to kill the person they are frightening. But if I thought you or Nadya was at risk, you would be surrounded by my, ah, 'associates' to protect you. This kind of protection is a nuisance but if you want it can be arranged."
"I'll take your assurance," Daniel said, reasoning that if Nadya was safe, so was he.
Maximov grinned. "Good. Now - what do you know about me, Daniel?"
"The internet is very helpful," he said cautiously. "Other than that, nothing."
"Yes, Wikipedia." Maximov grunted. "I have given up correcting the lies in it, and just allow them to stay. It is too much trouble."
He shoveled some more beef into his mouth, chewed for a moment, swallowed, and then said, "Let me tell you about myself." He grinned even more broadly. "All people like to talk about themselves, and I am no exception. Then, we can talk about my plan, and you can decide if you will  come on board, as I think you say."
"Some people say." Daniel told himself he needed show his independence, or he would be swallowed whole in the same way the big man devoured his beef - chewed up a bit, then gulped down in chunks.
Maximov laughed. "Yes, some people say. Let us both forget my childhood. I began my adult life during the Soviet era, and studied to be a chemist. I was very good at it, and even now keep an interest in chemistry. I have a number of patents relating to plastics and they still earn me good money.
"That is how I learned English. I went to your country – to Cambridge – to study chemistry and in order to go, needed to have an acceptable standard of your language. I am very grateful to have had the opportunity. English is now a great asset in any country, and Russia is no different. It was very unusual then for a Russian to be able to study in another country, and I was lucky there also - especially to study at Cambridge, a great university and the place where several English spies met and turned into Soviet agents. You will know of them - Burgess, McLean, Philby...so it was odd that I was able to go. But I was, and my education there was remarkable by any standard. I returned to Moscow and did research at an institute here in Moscow.
"After 1991 and the end of the Soviet Union, I continued to work as a chemist for a short time, but the institute was closed. I registered my patents and began to work in the oil industry.
"To be frank – I saw great opportunities, and put my money to use. I invested in oil, in mining, in forestry, in real estate – in many areas of Russian life. I had very good fortune. By the new millennium I was already a very rich man. Since then I have gone from being rich to being super-rich." He smiled and chewed. "Yes, I am very proud of this. It is said that I am worth thirty five billion US dollars. Of course this is a great exaggeration – but it is a dream! And it is a realisable dream. I am one of the very few people anywhere in the world who can really say he has money to burn."
Maximov smiled.
"You are wondering of course how it is that I amassed such wealth. Was I ruthless? Did I hurt people? What did I do?
"Some will tell you that yes, I am ruthless. I will say that I am a pragmatist – practical. As someone gains power, they gain enemies, and if they do not use their power, it will be used against them. It is a dialectical process, as Nikolai Berdyaev would say. I do not go out of my way to harm others, but I do have enemies – people who are ambitious to become like me, and people who are already like me, who are even stronger than I am, who are afraid of me, of my ambitions. I must be prudent but ready to act when I need to act. My security people are not there as a joke."
"And Berdyaev?" Daniel asked. "Where does he come into this? He would hardly approve of you..."
"A very direct and very pertinent question, Daniel. I will answer it, but obliquely. Please forgive me."
Maximov got up and helped himself to another plate of food.
"I am big," he repeated  in an apologetic tone. "I must eat twice what others do, just to stay fit."
When he was seated again, he went on, interspersing talk with food.
"Some of my good fortune just happened. I was in the right place at a very good time to make use of my talents. My patents were useful. And once I began to earn money from them, the changes in Russia opened up many opportunities that will not occur again for a very long time, if ever. The change from the Soviet command economy to a kind of capitalism was very fortunate for me.
"So though I flatter myself that I have talent, I also know that I am very lucky. But luck must be recognised for what it is, and once seen, it must be used. It is not just idle on the sidelines. If it is not used, it is gone, to help someone else perhaps, or just to disappear. I knew how to see luck, and to use it when it came my way, because I had a perspective, and that perspective I gained from Berdyaev. He was forbidden in the Soviet Union, but I took the opportunity to read him in England, at Cambridge, and later, after 1991, I have renewed the acquaintance shall we say. Yes, he was a socialist or even an anarchist, and certainly did not favour powerful people such as myself. But his way of looking at the world was open to anyone - the dialectical process of change, the creative opportunities of life, what they mean and foretell, and I have used Berdyaev, often, to help myself understand what is happening in the world around me.
"And even more – he has given me the spiritual grounding to be able to build my empire humbly. People usually laugh when I tell them this, but it is true. I am not big headed. I am rich. There is a difference. Yes, I am driven – but so was Berdyaev."
Daniel started to say something but Maximov held up his hand.
"When I am finished you can ask all the questions you like. Berdyaev might not approve of me. He might not approve of my methods, or of my wealth. But I think that Berdyaev would approve of what I mean to do with my riches - to return them to the community that allows me to live such an extravagant life. I already have a charity here in Russia – the one Nadya looks after for me. It helps artists and musicians and I am proud that I can be useful in this way. But I mean to do more.
"While I have prospered, Daniel, Russia has not. I think Russia is a better place than before, though some would disagree with that. But Russia is still very sick. The very things that enabled me to amass such wealth and power are not in the long run healthy for Russia. They need to change.
"But it is not so easy to change them inside Russia. Politicians here are like politicians anywhere, and anyone who challenges the system that gives them their power, is a threat. Other rich men have tried and have ended up in prison – look at Khordokovsky, who became fabulously wealthy in the oil industry. Like anyone who rose to his position, he was perhaps corrupt. Anyone with money in today's Russia could not withstand total scrutiny of all their activities, and that includes me. But that is not why Khordokovsky was put in prison. He was put in prison because he wanted reform of the political system, and of the judiciary – what people call the rule of law in an open society, as you have in Britain.
"You may have also heard of the Magnitsky affair. A man who should never have been arrested was beaten to death in prison, because he exposed the corruption of tax officials, who stole a quarter of a billion US dollars from his employer. Fabulous sums like this give birth to fabulous crimes, and criminals who will stop at nothing - even when they are tax officials.
"No," Maximov smiled in irony, " it does not do for an oligarch to challenge the politicians. Reform must come, but it will come from outside as well as inside, and it will take a very long time. Russia has a mission in the world and Berdyaev believed in this mission, and articulated it very vividly. It is a spiritual mission of renewal, not just of Russia but of the whole of humanity. If this can be achieved – if the world grabs onto and holds tight the spiritual power that is Russia's gift to it, and I grant you it will take a very long time – the reforms Russia needs to have will seem puny, important as they are. And the result will become as natural to Russians as to people in your country."
"Are you serious?" Daniel couldn't quite believe his ears.
"Please. Let me finish. Or perhaps put this in another way.
"Berdyaev wrote a book about this mission. It is called The Russian Idea. You may not be familiar with it, but I have a copy here for you to take away.
"Berdyaev's argument was that this Russian idea can be found throughout the works of Russian writers and thinkers of the 19th and early 20th centuries – before the Bolshevik Revolution. It is a spiritual idea unlike any other in the world, and is Russia's gift to the world - a way of overcoming the contradictions between material progress and religious faith, and as I am sure you are aware, these contradictions are very stark. A spiritual revolution is necessary to bring capitalist progress into line with social progress, social justice.
"Berdyaev took this idea, this Russian idea, from Dostoevsky, a writer he much admired and wrote a book about. But he extended and generalised it, to encompass many writers and thinkers.
"Of course this is apocalyptic, and Christian, at least in some respects. But it is not really so clear that beyond a general idea of Christ as a redeeming reformer that Christianity in the way we usually think of it, is involved.
"What is important to Russians, however, is not apocalyptic in the same way. It is that if the Russian idea takes root in the rest of the world, it will become an overwhelming power inside Russia itself, and uproot the filth and corruption that dominate our political structures today. We need this, need the rule of law and open government as you have it in Britain, and as other countries have it. 'Sobornost' - unity in diversity as you put it - is the underlying idea of open government and the rule of law, and is also the basis of the Russian Idea. Yet we who have invented this idea philosophically seem unable to implement it in our  social and political life. At the same time, the social idea of 'sobornost' is missing from the countries of the west, as you can see when you go to a big city and look at the homeless people on the streets. No society - no truly spiritual person - can feel comfortable with this.
"So this idea needs to be - to be planted in those countries for their advantage. For Russians, when the fruit is ripe abroad it may sprout here in its original soil."
Suddenly he laughed. "It sounds very high-brow, doesn't it? In one way it is, but in another it is simply practical. What I would like to do, is to open cultural centres there, starting with your country, then Europe, then the United States, then other places – China, Japan, Australia...these will promote Russian culture, offer Russian language courses, hold music and art festivals. But the core of the centres will be the books on The Russian Idea. Berdyaev yes, but also the writers and thinkers he discusses and admired, in particular Dostoevsky, a great and misunderstood writer. And the centres will be called, naturally enough, The Russian Idea. Russia needs to be proud of its idea, of what it has produced and what it can do, but only because it deserves to be proud. Today..." he trailed off, then he started in again.
"You ask if I am serious. Yes, I am very serious. Tatiana? Show him." Tatiana moved from her seat to a sideboard and returned with a buff folder she handed to Daniel.
"In this folder are documents setting up the Russian Idea charity in Britain, as a trust. It is funded for an operation that is intended, in the long term, to be global. There is a lot of money - $400 million US. The trust will use the income from the fund to establish and maintain Russian Idea centres. The money is already there, in British banks. If more is needed, it will be provided – but I think that the income from $400 million should be enough, certainly at first. Nadya has written the business plan. It is modelled on the charity she operates here in Russia and shows how the trust would work financially."
Maximov smiled, like the cat who'd got the cream.
"Yes, The Russian Idea. It is a good idea – even a great idea, don't you think? To save Russia, the world must be saved. And it can be saved.
"What do you think?"
Daniel sat open-mouthed.
"If I didn't know you were a very powerful and wealthy man, I'd say you were barmy."
Maximov laughed.
"Yes, that is very true. But I am a powerful and wealthy man, and I am not 'barmy' as you put it. This is a good idea, a good plan, if the right one can be found to lead it."
"And?"
"And I want you to be that one." Maximov smiled. "You – and Nadya. You will need Nadya to help you. She understands the money. You do not."
Daniel looked desperately at Nadya, who shrugged and looked away.
"Why me?"
"Do you know," Maximov said, "that a very exhaustive search for any articles written by any journalist in English about Nikolai Berdyaev for the last twenty years has turned up only one name – yours? Probably you do not know this. Yes, there are articles in scholarly journals by specialists, but that is not what we have been looking for. We have been looking for someone, someone English, who appreciates Berdyaev, in any way at all, who has a gift for public relations and marketing. And we have found – you."
"This is beginning to sound even more preposterous than I would have thought possible. I am not particularly gifted at public relations or marketing, and my conception of Berdyaev may be quite different to yours."
"Oh, I know." Maximov waved his hand as if brushing away a fly as well as an inconvenient and silly idea. "It does not matter. You will see."
"How?"
"You have two weeks here – that is what you have been paid to do, have agreed to do. You will be able to go around the city and explore the Russian Idea. Nadya is an expert; she will take you everywhere, show you and talk with you. At the end of that time, we will have agreed, and make an announcement, and you will go back to England to start work on the project. Nadya will join you."
"You seem very sure of yourself."
Maximov grinned.
"Yes – yes of course I am sure."
"Why? You've given me a lot of money to come on what is really a holiday from my point of view, even if it hasn't started all that nicely. I can go about the city, get a great education in Russian culture, and go home with a fat lot of banknotes in my pocket."
That didn't faze Maximov.
"We will see." He stood up and headed for the food trolley, glancing down at Daniel's plate.
"You have hardly touched your food. Please – eat."
Daniel didn't move.
"You are angry with me?" Maximov's face took on a worried look.
"No, not at all," Daniel protested. "Not angry – puzzled."
"Explain please."
"You are prepared to invest a great deal of money in a project that is quite extraordinary, to put it politely, and you mean to recruit someone on the basis of a few articles he wrote years ago...who otherwise you don't really know. Yet you seem to have no doubt that I will accept your proposal, that I won't just walk away with a hundred thousand US dollars and laugh at your foolishness."
"Mmm." Maximov's mouth was full. He waved at Daniel to stop. When he had finished chewing, he said, "No, that is not right. You -" he pointed at Daniel with his knife – "what makes you think I know little about you? I have had you investigated."
"What?"
"A private detective. Before my agent in London – Tremaine, a good fellow – came to see you, a private detective looked at you. He checked your background, your friends and habits, your work...I have his reports."
Daniel willed his anger away. "It's not all that much fun, discovering you've been followed about, your life pried into..."
"Oh, come now, Daniel, be realistic. You were under the misconception that I do not prepare things thoroughly, that I know nothing about you. Surely you realise that it is only proper for me to investigate you before going to the trouble of bringing you here. Head-hunting it is called. It is quite normal in the business community, and it will not be the first time it has happened to you." He grinned. "You were hired by your present employer because of your talent at public relations, is that not so? Is it not true they head-hunted you?"
It was true. Daniel thought back to the approach by Windwatch, a group promoting wind power. They had liked his principles, they said. How they had known of them...
"That's true," Daniel conceded. "I was wrong to react the way I did, and I apologise. You've done some homework. But that doesn't give you the grounds for thinking I'll leap at this proposal."
"No," Maximov agreed pleasantly. "It does not at all. But there is more to it, as you will find out with Nadya. It is interesting, a challenge. You yourself, Daniel, will come to grips with, will be converted by, the Russian Idea. You will become the seeker I am seeking. I know this.
"And if all else fails, there is the money." He waved his fork again. "Millions. The challenge will be enough; I am sure of it. But I do not want merely a zealot. My people are paid well; you will be paid exceptionally well – millions on a five year rolling contract. You and Nadya will have complete freedom to develop the project, to change the business plan if necessary. You can even draw down the fund – all $400 million, though I don't think you will be so imprudent. The trust board will only have oversight over your honesty. It will all be in the contract."
Daniel looked at Nadya. She stared at him for a moment, then looked away.
"Do you agree with this, Nadya? I want to know."
She turned back to stare into his eyes. She seemed very calm.
"Yes – yes of course I do."
"You're not just saying this."
"No – when we are alone, I will say the same thing. If Maxim were to die, I would still say it. It is a good plan; a plan worth putting into practice. And you are the right one."
"You have read the – the report on me?"
"Yes."
"And you still agree?"
"How many times do you wish me to say yes, Daniel?"
"Perhaps it is not such a thorough report."
"Perhaps not." She smiled. "This will become clear in the next fortnight."
Daniel felt defeated. He didn't know why, but he did.
"All right," he said at last, to Maximov, to Nadya, even with a sweep of his gaze to Tatiana who must he guessed part of it all. "It still sounds wacky to me. But it's interesting too. And Berdyaev – he is a strange character, especially on a T-shirt, but it will be something to explore this Russian Idea of his...of yours."
Maximov stood up.
"Good," he said. "It is done. " He motioned to Tatiana. "The book, my dear, and the report. Please give them to Daniel before he goes." He looked at Daniel's plate. "You have still eaten very little. You will be hungry later. Now, it is time for other work...I am sorry; it would be good to talk more, of Berdyaev, and the Russian Idea. But it will be better later, when you are more refreshed about these things."
Daniel and Nadya stood up as if on cue. Looking out the window it seemed as if Moscow had cloaked itself a silvery haze since their arrival. Maximov caught his look and said, "Pollution. When you are there in the city it usually seems like nothing, but from here you can see what you are breathing. Come, I will see you out."
At the thick concrete door Tatiana handed him the book and another manila folder with a smile.
"Homework," she purred. She seemed so elegant, as if every movement was on air, graceful and unhurried, a goddess towering above him, looking down, smiling - mocking? Daniel felt like a schoolboy with her and was sure he blushed.
"The Russian Idea," she said, almost in a whisper. "It is a wonderful thing." She held out her hand and he shook it. Maximov, standing behind, smiled broadly.
"We will see each other in perhaps a week," he said. "When you have made some progress. Daniel, you will call me Maxim." He shook his hand too and escorted them outside and down to the BMW. At the car he pecked Nadya on the cheek, and opened the door for her. But when Daniel looked again, from inside the car, he was gone, up the path to his forest fortress.
PART TWO
One
“So. What do you think?”
He thought she meant the view. They were driving in the country – Daniel's first foray outside Moscow apart from the trip to Maxim's dacha. They'd left very early to beat the traffic through the city. The morning sun was cool even for May, setting an edge to the breeze whispering through the crack in the window Nadya had opened to “teach the car about nature”.
“It's very pretty,” he said politely, though he was not at all sure that it really was. This Russia was a flat expanse of forest and fallow former cropland reverting to scrub, interrupted by power pylons and rough-hewn tracks meant to be roads they had bounced over for the past hour heading...heading somewhere.
She reached across the posh grey fabric of the BMW's seat and squeezed his hand.
“It is not pretty,” she murmured in a soft voice. “You do not need to talk like this, Daniel. We are not enemies. Anyway, I didn't mean the countryside. I meant the project – what you have been working on for nearly the past week and more.”
"I don't know," he said.
“You don't know?” She arched an eyebrow as she steered the car through a series of deep ruts in the rude red track. “We have seen all the major galleries - the armoury and the Tretyakov, and the Pushkin and its annex, and gone to estates and heard concerts. That sounds like a lot - but really  mostly you have been in your room, studying, and you have not said anything about what you are here for. At the Tretyakov, you looked, and you listened - and you said, when I asked you - 'um'.”
“It's – it's not easy,” he objected. “You've been a good guide, Nadya - really, I am amazed at how much you know. The Tretyakov by itself is a wonderland of Russian art I knew nothing at all about. You have opened my eyes. And the new Tretyakov, the modern Russian art - it too is incredible, But Berdyaev, just by himself, is complicated and difficult, and trying to fit all this into what Maxim wants – it's not what I got back then, that made Berdyaev important to me. I was looking for something personal, for a way of understanding the world and living in it, but Maxim's idea – this Russian idea – it's beyond that. The artists and the musicians and all these philosophers...”
“Yes?”
“Not worrying about the arts for a moment, just thinking, ah, about the thinkers - like Dostoevsky, Ivanov, Soloviov and Fedorov. They add layers onto the personal aspects. They make the personal political, in the broadest sense, and they bring other aspects into it that are hard to handle. Fedorov! My goodness - a man who proposes to abolish death. It means something profound and powerful, but it's a mouthful for non-Russians starting with me. What Berdyaev did with them was terrific, the way he incorporated them into a social philosophy based on personal experience. But it's complicated.”
“Yes?”
“And behind all that – Christianity, and Dostoevsky's idea of it especially. Somewhere Berdyaev says he was a kind of sprout out of Dostoevsky and his ideas. So if you take that seriously, you have to go back and get a good grounding in him...”
“Yes?”
“Will you stop saying that?”
The car jumped in the air as it sailed over a hump in the road, then came down with a crunch.
Nadya slowed down then and turned to him, squeezing his hand again.
“I am not teasing you, Daniel. I just want to know how you are doing, what you are thinking. It is almost time for you to return to Maxim, to give him an answer. Of course, Berdyaev is very complex, just as you say. Getting this all sorted out, so that you can understand it, and explain it to others, is very important. This project – I believe in it. It matters, not just to you, or to me, but as Maxim says – to the world.”
She stopped the car then. “People will think this is crazy, but it isn't.” She squeezed his hand again. “So you see, you are very important too. You must make this work.”
He wasn't sure about the sudden intimacy from her. They had argued when they'd first met under the tension of Bulov's murder, and in the time since had led lives like flatmates more than friends as he'd tried to get his mind around this strange Russian philosopher and his world. As a guide she was excellent - informative, easy to understand, supremely knowledgeable. More than once he wondered why she wasn't in charge...but as a person, she had seemed aloof and cool, as if she distrusted him. She had touched his hand a few times before they had seen Maxim, but hadn't done it since. Now, suddenly...it made him suspicious. But he didn't pull his hand away...
“Yeah,” he said after thinking for a minute. “Somehow. The solution to the puzzle is a long way away in my head, but this talking makes me feel better about it – you're right about that. Anyway, where are we going?”
She pointed through the tinted windscreen towards a clump of scrub in the distance. “There,” she said. “You will see.”
She put the car into gear and drove more slowly. “Much of this country was farmland once, in the Soviet times. Now it is – just a mess. No one wants to do anything with it.”
“What did they grow?”
“Wheat. Russians are very fond of bread, and growing enough wheat is important. Before the revolution, Russia exported wheat but after – collective farming did not work.”
“And now?”
“Corruption.” She sniffed. “No one wants to try anything, they think it will be taken from them. This land – the soil here, it can grow many things. You will see yourself. But who will do it? No one.”
The rutted track swung toward the clump of scrub Nadya had pointed out. As they neared it Daniel could see there was a gap where the road would go, but it looked no different from other clumps dotted about the bleak plain.
At the edge of the clump was a sign, crudely painted on what appeared to be an old door.
Daniel had got into the habit of reading signs aloud to get used to the Cyrillic alphabet but just as he was about to speak Nadya put her hand over his mouth.
“Patience,” she smiled at him. “Just a minute, we will be there.”
The car drove slowly through the gap in the trees. To his surprise just inside the copse was a large metal gate. It was open to a rough dirt track leading to a large house painted purple and orange, but as the car drew up to the house, Nadya steered the BMW onto a road to the left then down a lane that revealed a large number of smaller houses, what he realised were dachas, the summer retreats of Russians able to afford the luxury. They were shielded behind high metal or wooden fences; all he could make out were the red slanted roofs as they marched beside the rutted lane toward a belt of greenery in the distance..
“Where are we?”
Nadya smiled.
“Patience,” she repeated, putting her hand over his mouth again. “A minute – no more.”
She pulled up in front of one of the houses. She got out, opened a metal gate, got back in the car, and drove in.
The compact two-storey dacha was set in a small garden of fruit trees standing over berryfruit bushes and a strawberry patch edged into a tiny lawn with a colourful circular array of flowers set in the centre. After they got out of the car, Nadya closed the gate and suddenly took him by the hand and smiled into his eyes.
"It is my dacha," she said. Gesturing toward a shed at the rear of the property, she pushed herself up on her toes to kiss him.
"I want to make love," she whispered. "It is time - don't you think?"
He didn't say anything as Nadya dragged him to the shed and fumbled in her bag for a key that let them in to a small room with a bed, a television and a kind of sideboard littered with books and magazines.
She stood next to the bed and smiled at him.
“Come,” she said. “Come here.” Her face was radiant, smiling as a warm sun.
“Yes, it is time for us, don't you think?” she repeated. She put her arms up around his neck and gently pulled him to her...
As they kissed he felt her arms slide down to the small of his back to press him tightly to her, but only for a moment. She nudged him away.
“You are shy, Daniel.” She stared at him as if inspecting him. “It is all right. I like you shy, for a little while. Will you take my clothes off, please?”
It was as if a dream...dumbly, he began to unbutton the thin sleeveless blouse with the floral pattern that she had worn more than once...as it fell away to reveal her small breasts and their stiff red nipples, she helped him undo her shorts...stepped out of them, and whispered, “It's my turn...”
He was wearing a short-sleeved sports shirt with a T-shirt beneath, and levis. As she unbuttoned the shirt, he tried to help her but she brushed his hands away. “I want only to admire you,” she whispered, “to see you...just be still.” When she pulled off his T-shirt, she reached out and touched the nipple above his heart, and then surprised him by first tweaking it between her fingers and then leaning over and sucking at it, quite hard. Daniel didn't think of himself as inexperienced in sex and the adult part of his life had had its share of encounters, but no woman had ever done that to him. It was terrifically exciting; he felt like he was about to jump out of his jeans as she fumbled with the riveted brass button at the top. Then she had him, in her hand – she slid her warm palm down into his briefs and tugged as his hardness.
Only to pull away again and let him go.
“Ah.”She smiled. “You are very excited, Daniel.” She pushed his jeans down so that he could step out of them and nodded at his trainers.
“We should have taken them off, at the door,” she sniffed. “Please.”
As he yanked them off, she giggled.
“You are very good-looking, Daniel. What do you think of me?”
He looked at her. She was very slim, and her close-cropped dark hair made her seem very Russian. The bones of her pelvis stuck out and her flat stomach seemed to slide down to the darkness of her sex.
“My breasts are small.” She giggled again, and cupped them with her hands. “You can touch them – kiss them. Go on - I want you to do it.”
Tentatively he reached out and brushed the nipple perched on the tiny breast above her heart. She moved closer and took his fingers and rubbed them over the nipple before suddenly thrusting it upward toward him. He bent down and took it in his mouth, surprised anew at its rubbery stiffness.
“Ah!” Nadya ran her fingers through his hair. “Ah!” She nudged his head away and without actually seeming to do it, propelled him backwards toward the bed till they fell on it, she on top of him.
“Mmmn.” She smiled down at the tension in his face, the urgent excitement of his desire. “Please relax, Daniel. We have plenty of time...”
An hour later she said, “We should walk in the forest, while it is light.” Daniel's head was reeling from sex whose like he had never known. He felt ashamed to feel that – that his experience, or what he thought was his experience, had not prepared him for a woman who knew what she wanted, knew how to get it, was assertive without aggression, and who taught him, in tiny lessons, how to please her while thrilling him beyond measure.
So he didn't answer, instead saying, “Nadya you are amazing.”
She laughed as she got up to get her clothes.
“Do you think so, Daniel? You must or you wouldn't say it. You're honest when you are not just being polite; I feel it. Well, it is nice of you to say so but I am the same in other areas of life as I am in bed. Do you think I am amazing then too? When you complain that I don't share myself with you, or tell you what is happening?”
“You are hidden then so it is not fair of you to ask. Yes, I don't think you are fair then, but – but if what you are hiding is what you are like now, then yes.”
She tossed him his clothes.
“You will see. Anyway,” she grinned, “this means you would like to do this again?”
“Ha! If you will – more than once, many times.”
She frowned. “We must not get distracted, Daniel. You are here for a purpose, and it is nice that we can enjoy each other, in every way that we can. But there is a lot involved...” she surprised him yet again by blushing. “I wanted to find out about you...about you in bed. We've been close for ten days and I was hungry.”
“That's all?”
“No!” She put up her hand in protest. “I mean – you are very nice, a very nice man, the kind of man Berdyaev approves. I wanted to see if you were the same all over.”
“And?”
“And you are. Yes, we can have more sex – I would like that very much. I like sex, as you may have understood. And I will like it more with you. But we need to be – to focus on the project. When we are in the forest  - then we can talk about this, about everything. It is early and we have time.”
Twenty minutes later they were sitting on soft grass under tall, spindly hardwoods that were new to Daniel's experience, though he had seen this kind of forest from the car, and in photos and films. It was how he thought of Russian countryside, unlike the scrubby wastelands they had passed through earlier. The sun peeped lazily through the canopy and the now warm spring air touched his skin softly, like Nadya's caresses...he felt supercharged but no longer tense, alive in a new way, as if the sex had awakened something in him he had not realised was there.
“This is nice,” he murmured. “Where are we?”
She smiled. “Yes, I told you – only a minute, and that was not true...but you did not mind, did you?”
“Ha! No, I didn't mind.”
“My dacha is in a village as you can see. It is not like you may think – something that has been in my family for generations. I bought it after I came to work for Maxim and had saved some money – about five years ago.” She grew serious. “But I have never told Maxim about it. I like to have something private, for myself. Maxim is controlling; he likes to knew everything, and he has ways of telling people that he knows. I am not sure if he knows of this dacha, or not, but I want to think he does not, and I try to be careful. He put a satellite navigation system in my car, when it was being serviced. Do you know, it took me hours to find it the first time! I disable it, and he keeps replacing it and I have kept disabling it. He can't complain because he doesn't want me to know he has had it put there, in the boot.
“Even so, just to be certain I do not like talking in the dacha, about where we are. If he knows, he knows. But if he doesn't - if perhaps he has surveillance equipment in my bag, or mobile telephone, let him guess, if he is listening. Here, in the forest, we can speak freely.”
“What about the...”
“The sex?” She laughed. “Maxim expected this to happen practically from the first. So if he hears, now he will be happy. And we will have other – other opportunities, in the flat, and he will perhaps  know about those.”
“I see. I'm not sure I like being watched this way.”
She shrugged.
“It is Maxim. It is unusual - odd, and even sick. You expect very powerful people to be different, but not this different. But they are very different in some strange way or other - every one I have met. What motivates someone to become like Maxim - wealthy beyond measure? Something...some drive. That drive is what is behind his desire to know everything, to snoop. Today with so much sophisticated technology it is possible to snoop in ways that even a few years ago were but dreams. You get used to it. When I came to work for him, I didn't like it when I found out he was watching. His wife Tatiana said to me – 'He does it with everyone.. I don't understand it either.' She said she thought at first, after they were married, when she discovered him watching her, that it was jealousy, but then – she is quite adventurous and did some things she thought would enrage him. He said nothing, and when she told him about them, pretended he was surprised. And was not angry. So in the end I just decided that Maxim is a very complicated man. In other ways, he is so generous and kind; he makes up for it. But I still try to be cautious – it is my nature too.”
“But you don't want him to know about the project, to hear our discussions, to know the progress, or lack of it? After all, it is his idea – he will want to know what we are doing, and he is paying for it.”
“Yes of course he must know. But it is business too, and in business, what Maxim wants is results. He will be disappointed if you do not come to him with a plan in a few days. You have spent nearly the whole two weeks – studying, and - gawking! That is a nice word; I like it.. Time is flying past.” She smiled in a sly way as if she was sharing a secret with him.
“And what will happen if we don't have a plan? And I do think it is 'we' really Nadya, not me.”
“Do you? Think it is we?”
“Yes of course. Maxim has said so.”
Nadya turned her face away and Daniel was surprised to see tears in her eyes. He reached out and touched her face. “Hey. What's this about?”
She managed a weak grin before shifting so he couldn't see her.
“Come on.” Daniel put his hand on her shoulder. “This is no good, Nadya. We've got to communicate, you know?”
“You don't understand.”
“You're right – I don't. Here we are, we've just had glorious sex, introduced ourselves to each other you might say, and we're trying to talk about something that means a lot to both of us, and you won't tell me what's wrong.”
“You are not a Russian. How could you understand?”
Daniel stood up and walked around so he could see her face.
“You can't be serious.”
She jumped up and stared at him, suddenly alert, ready to be angry.
“Yes? Not serious? What do you mean?”
“Nadya, I am here. Contracted, you might say. It's a bit late to complain that I'm not a Russian.”
“You don't understand that either.”
“So I don't understand why I don't understand?”
She turned away from him and folded her arms. “Yes.”
“Huh. Are you trying to make me angry, Nadya?”
“I am angry. You may as well be.”
“You speak English very well. Do you know that?”
“Don't change the subject. And yes, I do know it. I studied here, spent three years in London, and Maxim insisted I refresh my skills when he employed me. He says it is the international language, and he is right.”
“I don't know what the subject is, to change it. Maxim also speaks English well, and his wife...”
“The subject is how you are going to live up to the need to be a public relations guru without me holding your hand.”
“That's it? That's why you are upset? Because I'm not man enough for you? Or – excuse me, not Russian enough either?”
“You don't understand.”
“You have already said that, Nadya. Try explaining it to me, if possible in words of one syllable so I can't miss it.”
There was fire in her eyes as she turned and stood looking up at him.
“All right. What do you think it means for me, as a Russian, that you are being asked to take charge of our destiny? You really are a man Berdyaev would approve to do it, but you are not a Russian.”
“Well, fine – what about you doing it then?”
“Let me finish. I agree with Maxim that the only way to save Russia is to save the world, though of course that is a very grand way of putting it. But there is a follow-up to that...”
“A corollary, you mean.”
“Yes, if you wish to use this word.” She grimaced. “That Russians are unable to do it for themselves. That includes Maxim, who may have great wealth, but is still a Russian, and it includes me, who may have an understanding and a will, but is still a Russian. It is the kind of tragic paradox Berdyaev loved.”
“So you are sad because of the reality, the tragic reality, that it has to be a foreigner to undertake this great task?”
“Yes.”
“And even sadder because he is weak, nay feeble, and cries out for your help?”
“You are mocking yourself, Daniel, when you shouldn't.”
“And the project? Mocking that too?”
“Yes, and the project.”
“Perhaps I am not the right one, after all.”
“You are the best one – even the only one. I searched at Maxim's request everywhere in the English-speaking world, and you are the only popular writer to write anything at all about Berdyaev – and even if there were others, you showed your understanding of his philosophy for the individual.”
“Is that really so important? A good public relations professional would do a better job than a hack like me.”
“Maxim doesn't think so, and I have to say I agree with him. You have to believe in it, at least in the personalist philosophy. And you do believe in it. That is the foundation of the rest, and if you find some of that hard, you will nonetheless be persuasive about it when the time comes.”
“How can you be sure?”
She shrugged. “It is not hard, not really, to be sure of you, Daniel. After all, we have just made love. You are the right one.”
“That was a test?”
She smiled. “No. It was desire. We have been close to each other in the flat and seeing the city, and you are an attractive man. It is natural I should want to be – to be intimate with you. But if you were – if you are not the man you seem to be, it would have shown I am sure. And you are the man you seem to be. You have learned from Berdyaev's philosophy, and yes – you apply it, even in bed.”
She hadn't mentioned the report Maxim had had done about him, and he was relieved, even though he had read it and covered only his life since he had graduated from university - the biggest relief of all.
“Well, that is very nice of you to say, but now I feel at sea,” he said casually, as if the discussion was about something trivial. He grinned ruefully. “It's one thing to know the philosophy for the individual and another to be up to speed on the social side. And the Russian Idea is really about linking these two.”
“What do you need to make it work?”
He laughed. “Expert advice, but you tell me there isn't any.”
“Why?”
“I need to know a lot more or I'll make big mistakes. Somehow I have to make a single idea out of all of the aspects – the personal, the philosophical, the political, social, religious, artistic...the ruling idea, the Russian Idea, has to permeate them all. To express it in a way that anyone who wants to can understand – that's the big challenge, and it's absolutely vital if this scheme is going to work, and it is not going to be easy. So I need to learn more – and there is not much time.”
Nadya grabbed his right hand suddenly and squeezed it, hard.
“It can be done. I know how. Listen – there are people who do know these things, these aspects of Berdyaev you speak about. I can find them and we can talk with them. They – they will argue, and find fault - in Russia everyone finds fault with everything. But you will be able to ask them questions, and come to your own conclusions. Daniel, you can do this!” She seemed almost frantic. “You must do this!”
He pulled away and walked down the track. He wanted to think, felt like shaking her off, to be alone, but she followed him.
“I'm sorry,” she said to his back. “I should not get so excited.”
He turned and looked at her. She seemed calm all of a sudden, like it had been nothing. He looked away and didn't reply.
“What do you think?” she insisted.
“Yes,” he said slowly. “All right. It's what I wanted, really. What makes you think they will argue?”
“Ha! As I said, they are Russians. But there is more to it. To some people, like Maxim – like you, and like me too – Berdyaev is an inspiration. But to others, he is a challenge – someone to be defeated, to be proved wrong, or dismissed as mad. Most of the experts are like that. They see him as a critic of their own beliefs. But they will have something to add to your understanding, I am sure – if you have the right attitude, and I am sure you do: you really are the man Berdyaev would have chosen.”
“We're going over old ground now.”
She grinned. “Yes, we are. Perhaps more sex will help you to concentrate?”
Two
There were bars across the window of Father Mikhail's study and the light cast the shadow of a cross across the pudgy priest's bearded face when he lowered his head while sitting in his chair, and he often bowed his head, closing his eyes in what appeared to be a kind of rapture. At first Daniel was impressed but as the conversation developed he came to see it as a pose that the fat little man had adopted and studied – so holy the sign of the cross fell upon him.
He didn't speak English and Nadya had to translate. She was really very good at it – almost as soon as Daniel started speaking she began, and finished nearly when he'd finished, and the same with the priest. There was hardly any delay while she sought in her mind for the right words.
“Berdyaev,” Father Mikhail said, his eyes closed, his fingers pressed together, his speech slow and measured, “was not really Orthodox. You could say he was not even really Christian.” He opened his eyes then, and smiled, his fleshy lips opening to reveal crooked teeth mottled and stained, set in an unkempt greasy beard. His close-set eyes seemed dead to Daniel, flat and unemotional.
“How so?”
“The Bible was not the revealed word of God to Berdyaev,” Father Mikhail said. “He considered it no more than the interpretation of people trying to communicate their understanding. True Christians understand the Bible as the word of God.”
“That's your interpretation.”
“That is all true Christians' interpretation. There is more of course.” The eyes closed again, the head bowed, the cross appeared on the priest's shining, sweaty forehead. “He lived in sin for decades with the woman he called his wife.”
“He opposed ceremony,” Daniel objected.
“Yes – he put his own opinions above those of the church, and of God.” The eyes opened and the sly piggy eyes almost seemed to wink at Daniel, a sign of life he'd already come to suspect was not there.
“Yet he believed that Russian Orthodox Christianity would or at least could save the world.”
The priest giggled, before closing his eyes again and dropping his head to take the cross.
“Yes, all these prophets thought so – Khomiakov, Dostoevsky, Soloviov...Berdyaev you could say was the last of this group. He was especially fond of Dostoevsky. None of them was much of a prophet.”
Daniel wanted to protest that Dostoevsky had predicted the awful tyranny of the Soviet era and Berdyaev long before the revolution had predicted that the Bolsheviks would seize and hold state power, but he kept his counsel. Instead he said, “You wrote a book on Berdyaev.”
“Yes.” Father Mikhail giggled again, a curiously mirthless laugh. “To challenge him – no, to demolish him.”
“So the idea that Russia might revive or instil the Christian spirit throughout the world, in whatever form, does not appeal to you?”
“It is seductive.” The eyes went shut, the fingers pressed against each other. “Of course as a Christian, and as an Orthodox Christian, I would like to believe this fairy story. It is saddening to see the rise of Islam when Christianity has the real answers to man's problems.
“But Russian Orthodoxy,” he went on, “is peculiar to Russia. It has features that make it difficult for anyone, even someone who is Orthodox but from another culture, to understand and accept it. No, it is not possible. It is an idle daydream."
“Do you think that the reason Dostoevsky and Berdyaev and the others did not put their faith in the church, but in the religious feeling of the people, was the result of what you say? That the Russian church is Russian in the way that you put it, but that – according to them – Russians' religion, the faith and how they express it, has a universal basis and therefore a universal appeal?”
Father Mikhail opened his eyes wide at this and spread his arms in a gesture Daniel did not at first understand till he saw the cross on the forehead mirrored and magnified by the outstretched arms.
“We are but men,” he said after a lengthy pose. “We are not God.”
Daniel ignored this and said instead, “Berdyaev believed that part of the power of Russian Christianity was that it was a meeting place of east and west. You will recall he was very complimentary about Hinduism...”
“Why then is there no following in the east - the real east – of Russian Orthodoxy?” Father Mikhail asked.
Telling himself that if he was in this fat little man's place he might argue in the same way, Daniel murmured as softly as he could, “Perhaps this is another reason why it is not the church but the spirit that was the object of the prophecies...”
“You are attacking the church.” Father Mikhail's eyes took on some life then with a hardness and hostility Daniel hadn't expected.
“Not at all,” he started, but the priest cut him off.
“People who read Berdyaev,” he snarled, rising from his chair, “don't go to church. They think they know better.”
“We are going over old ground now,” Daniel said before realising what he had said, that it was a phrase he had used when arguing with Nadya, who laughed.
“What is so funny?” Father Mikhail turned to her. His face was red beneath the greasy beard.
“I am so sorry,” she said in Russian and then translated in a soft voice as she blushed.. “It is a private joke, father, between Daniel and I - completely irrelevant. Please forgive me – and continue the conversation.”
“Did you come here to make fun of me?” The little man pulled himself up, thrust out his chest, and glowered at them both.
“Not at all,”Daniel repeated. “You are an expert on Berdyaev. We have come to learn.”
“But you have already made up your minds about him!” Father Mikhail exclaimed.
“No, that is not true,” Daniel said. “I am surprised you are as hostile to him as you are, but I think I understand it.”
“Do you?” He did not sit, putting his hands on his hips, making the cassock tighten around his bulging belly.
Swallowing, Daniel said as quietly as he could, “You fear that if Berdyaev's ideas become popular, the authority of the church will suffer.”
Father Mikhail sat down. The look of triumph in his face did not extend to his eyes. The lids fell over their dead expression as he bowed his head and took the cross onto the gleaming skin of his forehead.
“What do you know of the church's authority?” he purred.
“Very little,” Daniel conceded. He sensed a trap; the suspicion antennae were throbbing.  “Berdyaev says the church has almost no power, that no one can be excommunicated as the Catholics do. He says the body that excommunicated Tolstoy wasn't really able to do it.”
“Very good,” the soft voice replied. “The church's doors are open to everyone. That is why renegades like Berdyaev are so dangerous. They can cloak themselves in the mantle of the church while trying to destroy it.”
“You won't allow him even good intentions?”
The priest smiled an oily smile. “On the road to Hell,” he snapped. “Yes, I will allow him – and Dostoevsky, and Soloviov – good intentions.”
“Is this the church's view, or your own?”
“Oh, definitely my own. The church does not have a view on a particular writer or thinker like Berdyaev. Of course it has a view on what he might think. But if someone goes promoting his thoughts, he will be denounced.”
“Denounced?”
“Yes, by someone like me. I have already written my book, so if something happens to bring him back into public view, they will come to me...and that will be all for Nikolai Berdyaev.”
He stood up, and nodded with his head. It was an unceremonious dismissal. They were to leave: the interview was over. There were other things Daniel had wanted to ask about. He would have to find someone else. The priest shook hands with Daniel with evident distaste, and merely nodded to Nadya.
Father Mikhail's office was in a small brick outbuilding from a church Nadya explained had another priest who gave the services. As they filed out into a small courtyard a boy in a blue blazer, a school uniform of some sort, perhaps fifteen, pushed past them toward the office. He kept his head down, as if he was ashamed. Daniel looked after him, but turned away when he heard his name called.
It was Filatov.
The detective scurried across the courtyard and pumped his hand almost before Daniel could react to seeing him.
“Yes, it is me,” he smiled. “We need to talk. But first let me...” To Daniel's surprise Filatov took out a notebook and wrote something in it, then put it back in his bomber jacket.
“I am – casual today,” he remarked, as if explaining why he did not have a black leather coat but a brown one.
“Mr Filatov...”
“Please.” Filatov held up his hand. “If you must – Filatov. Otherwise, Arkady.”
Nadya let out a huff of contempt.
Filatov turned to her.
“You object.”
“I don't anything,” Nadya snapped, glowering at him. “You should not be here. We are busy, and cannot help you, and you know it.” She said something in Russian and Filatov opened his mouth to reply, then thought better of it.
“Come,” he said to Daniel. “I want to show you something. Will you excuse us?” he said to Nadya with exaggerated politeness. Nadya glared at him but did not reply.
The courtyard separating the onion-domed old church from the outbuilding where Father Mikhail held court let out onto a street not far from the Tretyakov gallery, the vast collection of Russian art on the other side of the Moscow River from the Kremlin. Filatov led the way into the street, and opened the door of a small blue Fiat sedan.
“Please. Get in.”
Daniel reluctantly obeyed. It was obviously Filatov's private car, or one he used all the time: magazines and newspapers littered the back seat and there were fast food wrappers, mostly McDonald's, in the footwell of the passenger's side. Daniel had to edge his shoes between them.
“Ah!” Filatov got in the driver's seat but made no move to start the car. “Yes, it is a mess, isn't it?” he said affably. “I am a very busy man.” He reached into his jacket and pulled out an envelope.
“Here. I wanted you to see this,” he said.
Daniel gingerly opened the small white envelope as if it might be a bomb. It was a photo, a candid, the kind people take at parties and it was apparently of a party – a group of people laughing at some now-forgotten joke, drinks in hand...and there to one side was Nadya, one arm around the dead man, the man at the piano - Bulov. He was smiling at the camera while she was laughing and raising her glass to her lips.
“Interesting, isn't it?” Filatov smirked. “What do you think?”
“I don't think anything.” Daniel handed the photo back to him. “This has nothing to do with me, Mr Filatov. If you have questions, surely you will put them to Nadya, or to Maxim Maximov.”
“Filatov," he corrected. "Oh, I will put everything to both of them, you may be very certain of that – when the time is right. But I wanted you to see, so that you will not – not get yourself involved in this complicated affair, believing what you are told.” Filatov grinned. “Keep the photo. I have plenty to spare. You will wish to discuss it with her – please do, and remember the discussion. We may need to ask you about it.” He leaned across Daniel and opened the door, handing him the envelope with the photo. “She will be waiting...”
As she was, in a small alcove near the entrance to Father Mikhail's office.
“Well?”
He handed her the envelope. “He thinks I ought to care about this.” She took out the photo, stared at it for the tiniest of moments, shoved it back in, and handed it to him.
“Do you?” Her face was impassive.
He shrugged. “Let's go somewhere else – back to the flat. I don't like it here.”
The flat was not far from the church, in the other direction from the gallery, and they'd walked; as they headed back the way they'd come Daniel saw Filatov's car turn a corner up ahead.
“He's watching,” he said. “What does he want? What is he playing at?”
“Only he knows,” Nadya said, rolling her eyes as if in despair. They walked in silence for a while, and then she went on. “It was a party at Maxim's – the only time I ever saw him. I thought he might be security, or a consultant – Maxim has a lot of those – and you don't ask at those occasions. I didn't know he was a policeman, but he looked like one. Maxim is not the only New Russian who employs policemen when they are not on duty. You would think I would have seen him at the gate, or at other functions, but I never did.”
“You certainly seemed very friendly.”
“You're jealous?”
“I don't know what I am, Nadya. I'm listening. Go on.”
“When I saw him in the flat, I was frightened. A lot of things went through my mind and I wasn't sure what to do, except to find out everything possible before the police were called.” Suddenly she stopped, and took his hand. Looking up into his face she said, “So yes - I misled you. I didn't lie to you Daniel. If you think back, I never said I didn't know who he was. It is true – I let you think I didn't know. We didn't sleep together, though I think he wanted to, and I never saw him again till   then. But the picture – we were enjoying ourselves, we'd been drinking, and that was all.”
They walked in silence till they reached the busy street where they stayed.
“Nadya,” Daniel said suddenly, “I'm not jealous. It would be foolish to be jealous – we are only now beginning to know each other, and you have a life of your own that you have been living, just as I have, though to be honest on the relationship front mine has been pretty empty for a while. But I don't own you, or want to own you. This – what has happened just now – makes me realise that there is more to this – this project – than it might appear, and that you are more complicated even than I might have thought, and I thought you were complicated already.” She started to speak but he held up his hand. “Let me finish" She closed her mouth but looked suspicious as he continued.
“So I will need to be more careful about everything. But you know? I have not been involved, seriously involved, with a woman for a long time now – several years. I've had flings that haven't gone anywhere but they are not much. It has been wonderful sharing things with you, talking things over the way we have. It has made me realise too how important this is in life, to be able to do this. And I have to say, that sex seems to be a very important part of this. It's as if joining together that way is what makes it possible for us to be so close intellectually and spiritually. So I want to keep going. Do you?”
“Soloviov,” Nadya said with a smile. “Have you read him? You must have.”
“No – no I haven't,” Daniel protested. “I read about him, of course, in Berdyaev's book The Russian Idea. He's on about sex apparently. But I don't know what he means by it.”
“You will find he agrees with you,” Nadya said. “About how sex is the foundation for a good spiritual relationship. I have a copy in English of his book The Meaning of Love. You can read it if you like. Anyway,” she said turning to him and taking his hand, “There isn't anyone else in my life. I am not sure what it means between us, but it seems odd now to think of myself as having sex with some one just for convenience – having a relationship for convenience, not to be lonely, even though I know many people really live their whole lives that way. I have learned that that is not really a life. Yes,” she went on, “it is my turn to ask you to let me finish. I don't know where we are headed, Daniel, but I would like to find out. There is something about being with you that I didn't expect, before we met. It is special. So I would like to keep going too.” She laughed. “There! With all this serious talking we have reached the flat – just in time, wouldn't you say?”
Three
“I want to talk.” Daniel propped himself up on his elbow so he could look directly into Nadya's eyes.
“Yes – all right.” Nadya saw the seriousness in his look and put her finger on his lips. “But first – that was wonderful, Daniel. Even better than before.”
“You are very assertive with me, Nadya. You have not waited for me to – to ask you, from the first. Is this you? Or is it Russian women? Do they usually approach men - and when they're together, are they the directors of the firm?”
She laughed. “It is a good question. Is this the Russian Idea, you are thinking?”
He blushed. “Yes, it is.”
“Well, you are right – and wrong. I am learning to be assertive, Daniel – with you. Be honest – would you have asked me?”
“No,” he conceded. “I thought of it, but was afraid.”
“Afraid? Why?”
“That it would spoil the project. That you would reject me, and it would - would put tension between us and ruin everything.”
“And you would lose all that money?” She frowned.
“No – not really. Of course the money is there. It's attractive. But it is a great challenge, and I am  committed to it and want to make it work, just as Maxim said I would be. And there was – is – another fear. I was afraid of you, and still am.”
“Oh? Why?”
“You seem so confident, and competent, so able to do everything, to anticipate everything.” He looked away. “And mysterious. I don't understand you.”
“One day you will understand everything about me,” Nadya said softly. “I am not so mysterious. Naturally I am glad to hear that you were afraid of spoiling the project as you term it. It is a good way to be. But you are shy by nature too I think, and as I said – the first time – it is attractive to me. Your shyness goes with your gentleness. So when we are here, in bed, I urge you in the ways I think we should go. You can always say no, but you don't, and that is also a good way to be and is as Berdyaev would want you to be, I think. You are wary of - of trampling on other people's feelings.” She brightened and then burst out laughing. “Yes, we have gone over this ground before.”
“What did you think of Father Mikhail?” he grinned.
“Oh, he was as I expected. Berdyaev makes Orthodox Russians in authority nervous. They want to pretend that what he says is crazy or irrelevant to today. Father Mikhail thinks Berdyaev represents a threat to the church, so he wants to destroy him.”
“Actually I thought the father was mad, but in a way he is right. He does represent a threat to the church's authority – if people follow his ideas they sort of bypass the church, like Marx's state withering away. There will be no need to attack it – it will just fade out. That's what is happening in the west today, though it's masked by fundamentalist Christian churches, who sweep up the crumbs from the general lack of interest. Overall people in the west don't go to church because they don't find it relevant. And what Berdyaev set out to do was to make and keep Christianity relevant, whatever happened. That's one of the things that attracted me to him – he was reasonable at the same time he was enthusiastic and inspiring.”
“Are you a Christian? Do you believe as Berdyaev says you should?”
“Hah! I don't know if I believe in God at all. I guess I am a Christian but in a different way, in the way the weak-willed liberals are – that I think Jesus was a splendid chap whose example is worth something. As he said to his disciples, 'Go thou and do likewise', which I take to mean to do the right thing. We aren't capable of miracles as he enabled his disciples to do, but we are capable of treating one another with love and respect and reaching out as Berdyaev wanted us to, and through that to help others. Helping others...that's my ah creed: change through individual action with individuals.” He blushed. “I make it sound important, and for me to sound important but it's not – or rather I'm not.”
“You will be if you can make the Russian Idea work.”
“We will be,” he corrected. “And I am not sure even then that will be right. There has to be a group; it all has to be worked through, and succession planning will be part of that. Sure, you and I will have an impact, especially at first – but it will be the movement that succeeds, or doesn't.”
“You are very practical, Daniel. Do you believe in it? The Russian Idea? You really need to you know, if it is to work.”
“You're right. I believe in the ideas, so far as I understand them, and despite everything I learned a lot today from Father Mikhail, by negation - what underlies his attack on Berdyaev. But there is a big jump from believing it to believing that it can work and then to making it work, even with Maxim Maximov's millions, or even billions. Some things money can't buy. And I'm not sure I'm good enough.”
“So if after you have done what you can to work out a plan, if you don't believe it can work, you won't take part?”
“Yes – that's right.”
“That is very noble of you.”
He grinned. “It may sound it but it's selfish really. I don't want to waste my time, even if it is very well-paid time.”
“Well, I think you will find a way.”
“Let's see.”
“All this talk, Daniel, has made me hungry. Would you mind please...?”
“You would like to eat?”
“You are very solemn sometimes, Daniel.”
Four
“Umph.” Maxim was on the phone when Nadya and Daniel were shown in by Tatiana. He waved at them to be seated. After the sumptuous display of the magnate's dacha the spare and functional interior of the office. high in a modern tower block in the new financial centre, was a surprise – a single desk, a group of easy chairs surrounding a coffee table set with some magazines and a vase choked with a large yellow floral display, a television jostling for space on one wall with cheap framed prints...what stood out were the oversized seats and the view across the river to the Lenin Hills and the university with its Stalinist monstrosity of a central building.
“Da.” Maxim pressed a button on his mobile and hung up, swinging around in his chair and abruptly standing up to greet them. As before he was dressed casually in jeans and a T-shirt, though not one with Berdyaev on it, just plain black. He kissed Nadya on the cheek almost at the same time as he grabbed Daniel's hand to squeeze it so hard he wanted to yank it away but dared not try.
“Yes?” he said as he returned to the swivel chair behind the desk. “Yes? You are going to tell me everything? All the plans?”
“Uh – afraid not,” Daniel stammered. “I will tell you 'yes'," he said hopefully. "Yes I will do the project - sign the contract."
"Good! Good!" Maxim beamed. He pressed a button on his desk and Tatiana appeared again. He said something to her and she brightened and went away.
"Yes," Maxim said, "there is no time to waste. Tatiana will have it ready for you before you leave."
"Yes of course." Daniel shrugged. "I don't think there will be a problem but...anyway I think we need a bit more time here than the two weeks we've had. We need to think about a lot of things, and talk to some people...”
“Talk to some people?” Maxim's eyes narrowed. “What kind of people?”
“People who know about Berdyaev – and Dostoevsky.”
“It's important no one knows what is planned.”
“How can anyone know what is planned if the planner – that is, me – doesn't know himself?”
“That anything is planned should not be known.” He looked sharply at Nadya. "I should have told you - strict secrecy."
“There is only one," she said hastily. "A priest. I will be certain to insist our discussion was confidential.”
Maxim frowned.
“I don't like it.” He glared at Nadya. "All right. Keep him quiet. And you approve of this  proposal of Daniel's?”
“Yes - yes I do.” Nadya looked steadily at Maxim; she was not afraid. “It is necessary. Daniel needs to form the right idea in his mind. You have to remember that he is not Russian. That is a good thing, a necessary thing, as we agreed. But it is a hard thing too – for him. We are being – will be – careful.”
“So tell me,” Maxim said, staring at Daniel. “What is it you need to do.”
“It's ah, all about linkages,” Daniel hoped he sounded educated and professional. “This has to make sense to people. There has to be a commonality that they can see, that brings everything together. Otherwise it's just going to be a jumble of different people with different ideas, a lot of events that might be fine in themselves but don't mean anything larger, in aid of the Russian Idea. It's pretty complicated theoretically. If you start with Berdyaev's ideas of the individual – the philosophy of personalism - and go from there to the social and if you like political, you still have to join that all up with the others he talks about, to make something that's more than just Berdyaev's ideas, to make for the Russian Idea as something all these people shared in some way. And you have to go even further than that really – you have to jump from the philosophers to writers and artists and musicians. Musicians are especially important I think – Tchaikovsky and Scriabin and Mussorgsky say. To be able to articulate the Russian Idea so that people find that idea in the music  would be terrific and add a lot to what you're trying to do. It would mean the Russian Idea centres would be able to hold concerts that would be relevant - even to the musicians.”
“Mmm.” Maxim was non-committal. “So who do you need to see:?”
“Well, we've seen a priest, but maybe another theologian...someone from the political end, I think a Marxist who knows about him...a literature professor, a musician too if I can find one...and a counterfactual, maybe a German...but perhaps all these won't be necessary. Certainly some - to clarify our thinking.”
“What's a counterfactual?” Maxim for all his English skills seemed genuinely puzzled.
“Some one might say for example that the saviour of the world isn't a Russian but a German Idea - to make a counter-argument. Berdyaev talks about this in his book, but another person...someone who knows German philosophy. A Marxist might do,” he said hopefully.
Maxim spun round in his swivel chair to stare out of the window towards the hills. He was silent for a minute, and then said without turning around, “How much time?”
“Another month perhaps, but hopefully only another fortnight. We will be as quick as we can.”
“And at the end of this time you can give me a plan?”
“Well, that's my plan,” Daniel joked.
Maxim spun around.
“All right.” He was still evidently not pleased. “It is done. Nadya will arrange everything, of course, but you will come to see me every week, or more if needed. Is there anything you want?”
“Not exactly, but – but this detective, Filatov, keeps popping up.”
“Yes, he comes here too. But for a movement promoting the rule of law, you do not expect me to interfere with his work?” Maxim suddenly grinned broadly. “We must be practical, and Filatov is part of being practical. He must do his investigations, and when he is finished perhaps he will arrest someone." He frowned for a moment, but then a grin spread across his face, only for it to be wiped in an instant back to a frown.
“You know, Daniel, that I have enemies," he said. "They will be responsible for the murder Filatov is trying to solve. I myself suspect those trying to compete with my industrial chemicals operations, in the Caucasus. They are very ambitious and well-organised, like a gang. They are Azeri - from Azerbaijan. This gang has many interests but come into my world because of my  chemical factories in Azerbaijan. They are rich and successful, but want to be more rich and more successful, and they are not – not so principled. They have been suspected of murdering their rivals in the past, and I believe they killed my security adviser Bulov as a demonstration – that they can kill me too, if they choose. They want me to sell my factories to them, and if I do, they will go away. That is the meaning of this murder. Behind murder of this type is always money.
“Filatov says he is honest, and I believe him,” Maxim went on. “There are not so many in the police here in Russia – but there are some. He must look at everything, and when I told him that I suspected this gang, which has been trying to steal my chemical factories, he went to them, and it is not a surprise that they told Filatov that it was I, who was trying to implicate them in the crime, simply because they are my rivals.”
“That sounds rather far-fetched.”
“Does it? Well, this is Russia. The most far-fetched things turn out to be true – even the Russian Idea!” Tatiana came in; she was dressed provocatively in a short skirt and a low-cut top that revealed all but the nipples of her full breasts. She gave Maxim an anxious look and he laughed and stood up.
“I must work,” he said. “Enough idle talk. Tatiana will give you the contract to sign. Then come to me again – in a week. I want to know how you are doing. If you see Filatov, co-operate with him but don't tell him. Even he must not know.”
Tatiana's office was more personal than Maxim's, with original oils on the walls that were really striking; Daniel wished he could spend some time looking at them, but said, "You have good taste in art, Tatiana. You must enjoy working here with these to keep you company."
She smiled as she pulled a folder from a filing cabinet before turning to him.
"Yes, it is very engaging to have good paintings on the walls. They keep me sane - in the middle of all these complicated, boring business dealings I know that there is more to life." She pulled some papers from the folder and gestured at a chair. "Do you wish to read it again?"
"No - I have gone over it. It is very generous," he said. "Perhaps too generous."
"Maxim wants his people to be well-rewarded and happy - to share in his good fortune," Tatiana purred. She put the contract on her desk and gave him a pen, leaning over as she did it so he could hardly avoid looking down at her breasts...the nipples were there, red and inviting.
"You need to sign there - and there," she said, but she was saying something else with her eyes, looking directly into his.
He blushed as he took the pen.
Five
“So – you are the one who is going to save Russia by saving the world.”
Alexei Lermontov laughed. “He told you not to tell, didn't he? As if it is all a big secret!” The little man giggled. “Well, this is Russia, Daniel. In Russia there are no secrets – only rumours, some true and some untrue.”
They were sitting in the courtyard of an upmarket restaurant on Pyatnitskaya, the fashionable street the flat faced onto. Nadya had invited Lermontov to talk with them because he was the opposite of Father Mikhail –  like Berdyaev a theologian but without a position in the church.
“You're blushing!” Lermontov laughed again. “Let me tell you, everyone who is interested in this subject, in the Russian Idea and Nikolai Berdyaev and of course Dostoevsky, has known about this project almost since it began.” He pointed at Daniel with a fork full of Argentinian beef, and then at Nadya. “She didn't tell. It doesn't matter how it gets out. It is out.” He waved the fork around a bit then pulled the chunk of beef off it and began to chew.
Daniel didn't know what to say, so he kept silent.
“It is all right,” Lermontov said when he'd finished the bit of meat. "We can forget all about it. It doesn't matter, not at all. When I leave here we will not have wasted even one word on your project.  We can talk about all the other things – they are worth talking about, interesting. And you know? Maxim may seem crazy to you as an Englishman. If he is crazy, he is crazy like a fox.”
“You know Maxim?”
Lermontov smiled a self-satisfied smile. “Not personally. I have made a study of him. Ever since news – rumours you might say – of this project started circulating, I have studied him. He is a fascinating character, a businessman intellectual, a philosopher king.” He started hacking at the steak, and then stopped.
“You are not eating, Daniel. And you are letting me do all the talking.”
Daniel studied the man he'd met only half an hour before. He'd been surprised at how small he was – scarcely five feet tall and thin – but how dapper, dressed immaculately in a tailored sports jacket over a checked shirt and obviously expensive slacks atop Ecco shoes. His short black hair seemed to have been sculpted rather than cut, accentuating his pointed chin and long nose to give him the air of an excited poodle. His cheerful expansiveness suggested he had not a care or a secret in the world - leading Daniel to suspect that he did.
“Well?” Lermontov prodded again
“Tell me,” Daniel said carefully, “why men like Father Mikhail find Berdyaev so troubling.”
“That is a very good question,” the little man said, forgetting the niceties and speaking through a mouthful of meat. “There is one way you could look at Father Mikhail as a special case, but you do not wish to see him in that way, and we will respect that. Yes, there are not a few inside the church who find Berdyaev – shall we say, difficult. And with him, Dostoevsky, who you may not know is my special interest.”
He swallowed. “Forgive me,” he said with an impish grin. “I have not eaten so well for a long time and have forgotten myself.”
Daniel decided to ignore him and pressed on.
“So – why?”
“It is fundamental,” Lermontov murmured almost as an afterthought as he hacked off another bit of steak. “Every religion has a 'big tradition' and a 'little' one. The little tradition centres on ritual – routine, prayer, and so on, as in the Catholic church people use prayer beads and have special prayers like 'Hail Mary'. For people who follow this tradition, the church structure is very important. After all, it decrees what matters - what works and what doesn't, you might say. For those who follow the big tradition what is important is the set of ideas, or beliefs, that inform all these rituals, and it does not matter if believers follow the rituals or not. It is what is underneath them that counts.” He raised his fork with a bit of meat on it and pointed it at Daniel before stuffing it in his mouth. “That may sound intellectual, but in Orthodoxy certainly and I suspect in other religions, it isn't. What is present is a direct relationship with God, a primary belief. Believers are respectful of the church and its traditions – in Orthodoxy ikons are the most important of these – but if they were not there, their faith would probably adapt and make a new set of traditions and structures. There is a famous painting in the Tretyakov gallery – you may know it – of a noblewoman going into exile. She refused to accept reforms of the church in the 17th century when Tsar Alexei was in power. In the picture the noblewoman Morozova is watched by a crowd including a 'holy fool' who flashes her the sign that he is on her side. These 'Old Believers' as they are called still exist and now have been welcomed back into the church, but just in recent years. They were and are a minority. Most believers accepted the reforms at the time – I believe because they weren't troubled by them. Their faith lay beneath.
"Look at ikons. In Orthodoxy the ikon is not simply a painting; it holds the spirit of its subject and when the subject is Jesus or the Virgin Mary, that means the ikon has Jesus' or Mary's spirit in it. As you look at it, it is looking at you!" He chuckled. "The ones called 'the Holy Face' are most famous. If you go into a church you will see people not just kissing these, but caressing and speaking with them - a direct relationship with God that no church structure and no priest can usurp.
“And it was this faith that Berdyaev and Dostoevsky and those like them championed. It was if you like pan-religious; it seemed to reach out to all religions, even unChristian ones, certainly as Dostoevsky saw it - to humanity as a whole. He regarded it as Russia's gift to the world – the truth of Christ, undefiled by any corruption of the church.”
“And people like Father Mikhail feel threatened by this?”
“Yes and no.” Lermontov smiled as he chewed. “The parish priest has a powerful relationship with his flock, as you would say in the West, all practical and common-sense, scarcely touched by doctrine, if it touches it at all. Those in the church structure know they have a role in those people's lives. But there are many, many people who are Orthodox, who are very firm believers, who seldom if ever go to church, and if they do, it is not to a service, but for their own private relationship with God, whether alone or through an ikon. They make up perhaps the greatest number of the faithful.
“Those in the structure know they are irrelevant to, if respected by, this majority. And they are frightened that after being freed from Soviet tyranny, the rush to return to the church will not necessarily fade, but change to this kind of faith. And they will find it hard to make a living under these circumstances. It is all very materialistic in that way.
“But,” he went on, “there is more to this. Those in the church structure are sincere in wanting to lead the flocks in an ethical and spiritual way, for the most part. So if they are frightened, they are also determined. They think their way is right. But for those who are careerists, or who are hiding in the church – it is just fear.”
“Fear?”
“Do you know,” Lermontov went on as if he had not heard, “that in the Soviet period, the church was filled with KGB agents? It is hard to think how they behaved so falsely for so many years. After the fall  there was a great purge of them, but I should imagine there were many who simply found a good story, and stuck to it.”
“A good story?”
“Yes.” Lermontov had finished his steak and concentrated on some mushrooms in a small side dish as he spoke. “They said that they were coerced into the KGB and that they deliberately misled their masters. And for many, it was hard to prove that they did not. So they are still there.”
“You are cynical – or just sceptical?”
“Oh, a little of both I think. It must have been very hard then to be a priest. But on the other hand, if you were not particularly interested in a career in the KGB, but wanted a comfortable life as the KGB offered, the church was a good place to be. There are still some like that.”
“And your own perspective on Berdyaev – and Dostoevsky. Do you take the Russian Idea seriously?”
“I take almost everything Berdyaev and Dostoevsky say seriously.”
“Almost?” Daniel raised an eyebrow.
“Of course.” Lermontov reached over the table to help himself to a fig stuffed with cream cheese. “Delicious,” he said as he popped it into his mouth and began to chew. “Inspired.” He grinned. “You can't imagine anyone who could think perfectly about everything, especially about the future, and these two were not different.
“And prejudices. Dostoevsky was anti-Semitic, quite ridiculously anti-Semitic really. Even Berdyaev, who admired him to the point of hero worship, found that too hard to swallow. And some of his other attitudes would raise your other eyebrow, Daniel. Reasonable people expect these things. There is no great surprise in it.”
For a moment Daniel wanted to rise to the bait dangling before him, to snap at this dapper little gourmand who appeared to be keen to eat the table as well as everything on it. He held back, sensing a trap.
“The vision,” he said softly instead. “It's the vision thing as they say in English these days. That has to be whole...”
“Yes, indeed,” Lermontov agreed, waving another cream cheese-stuffed fig around in the air before pressing it delicately between his lips. “Ah. Remarkable. That – that is the issue, and I think, yes, they are right. The Russian Idea – it is real. A world based on a commonality of faith that is deeply felt on a personal level that creates a consistent basis for society, that is at base Christian and therefore a loving faith – that is what Russia offers to the world. Whether the world will take notice is another matter – even with Maxim Maximov's billions promoting it..” He smirked. “Are you very familiar with Dostoevsky, Daniel?”
“I am sure not so much as you. I have read the great novels - Crime and Punishment, The Idiot, Demons, The Brothers Karamazov.”
“If you do not already know it, try the Writer's Diary. There is a very clear and forceful statement of the Russian Idea there. You will be impressed.” Lermontov took the final fig from the tray on the far side of the table and pressed it against his lips before sliding it into his mouth. “These really are delicious,” he purred. “First rate. Do you come here often?”
The restaurant was one of the most expensive in Moscow, famous for its service as well as for its food. As Lermontov asked the question, a waiter unobtrusively removed the empty tray that had been laden with figs, to replace it with another...the little man's eyes lit up and he reached across to help himself.
Daniel didn't answer. He looked at Nadya. She was idly pushing the remains of her fish dish around on the plate. He knew she was listening but what was she thinking?
“Let's go for a walk,” he suggested. “It's a fine day.”
Lermontov looked longingly, wistfully, at the tray of figs. He looked at Daniel and shrugged.
“Yes, all right. There is more you wish to discuss?”
“Of course. But I am hoping that walking will clear my thoughts.” Daniel stood up. “Nadya?”
“Yes,” she said shortly, without looking at him. “I will pay...wait here.”
Daniel excused himself and went to the toilet inside, passing Nadya, who was speaking with the waiter who had been serving them, waving her credit card. When he came out, Lermontov was standing by their table in the courtyard and Nadya appeared behind him. She looked sharply at Daniel, as if she was accusing him of something, but said nothing as they edged past the immense doorman onto the hubbub of the street.
They had not got down the steps and onto the footpath when Lermontov pulled a stuffed fig from the pocket of his sports jacket and squeezed it into his mouth.
As if to answer his thoughts Nadya said, “I paid for them, Alexei – the whole tray. Save your jacket and use this.” She passed him a paper towel. “You are an animal.” She walked briskly ahead  towards the flat.
“I am going to rest, Daniel," she said over her shoulder. "Alexei speaks very good English. You don't need me.”
Lermontov stood watching her move through the crowd, his hands on his hips. “She does not need to be like that," he complained. "I simply like good food.”
“Yes. Well.” Daniel felt at a loss. “Enjoy it then. Let's talk about Dostoevsky.”
The little man's face brightened as he stuffed another fig in his mouth.
Chapter five
“I am so sorry, Daniel.” Nadya held out her hands to  him as he came in the door of the flat, grabbed his and embraced him. “He is– such a pig;” she whispered over his shoulder. “If I had known...”
“You are hardly responsible for the way he eats, Nadya.” He smiled and kissed her.
“No – but it is an embarrassment to me all the same. He is an expert on something so important – and he is like that. It is as if he is a contradiction in himself.”
“Like the Russian Idea, you mean?”
“Don't be funny, Daniel.” She led the way into the kitchen and turned on the coffee machine. A minute later they were sitting opposite each other at the small blond table drinking their brews.
“Well, I'm not being funny really," Daniel said. "You know how Dostoevsky mocked his own ideas in his books, as if he wanted to force readers to see through the mockery, to overcome it and agree with him?.”
“It's not the same.”
“Isn't it? Years ago I read a book about the Catholic Worker movement – are you familiar with it? No? It was started in the 1930s in New York by a Frenchman and an American woman influenced by Berdyaev's ideas. They started communal farms and soup kitchens for the poor, and ran a newspaper, The Catholic Worker, which they sold for one cent. Anyway the Frenchman, Pierre Maurin, didn't take a lot of baths, and when someone reproached him for smelling bad while he gave lectures, saying that it would put people off his ideas, he said that was good – that he wanted people to be attracted by the ideas only, to come to them despite everything. So maybe this Lermontov is like that.”
“He doesn't have his own ideas.”
“He could be copying Dostoevsky.”
Nadya relented.
“All right. You win, if we are competing. Are we competing, Daniel?”
“I hope not. I think we're better than that."
She smiled. “Do you think you are wasting time? Was it a waste talking with Lermontov?”
“No, I learned a lot from him - but to be honest Nadya, so far I learn most from you.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, I mean it.”
“About what?”
“About lots – about life. The way you are – it wakes me up, makes me think, focus...I'm not sure I know how to express it.”
“Nothing to do with the project then.”
“No – that's not true at all. Everything to do with the project. You give me insights into things, into Berdyaev himself, and all his ideas...sometimes I think you are guiding me but are too kind to say so.”
She gave him a cold look.
“You should not say this.”
“Why not?”
She turned away.
“It is not fair,” she whispered.
“To me, or to you?”
“To you and to me.”
“Explain please.”
“Daniel, you are here to do something very important, something that – that it is unlikely any Russian could do. It is a paradox, a true paradox. If I were to be 'guiding you' as you say, it would mean that a Russian could do this work. But it is not true. Many Russians have tried, very wealthy Russians, and as Maxim says, they have failed not because they were bad, or stupid, or incompetent, but because they were Russian. All I can do is help you, discuss things with you. But in the end you must find the key that will unlock this door.”
“Ah.”
“Is that all you can say? 'Ah?'” She turned back to stare at him.
“But Nadya you seem to know a very great deal about Berdyaev – and probably all the others in his book, and Dostoevsky especially. You know the individual, spiritual stuff and the wider political stuff. You're an expert – I can feel it. And you've been able to find these other experts, like they were waiting there for you to ring them up. I just tag along, and then ask questions they've probably heard a thousand times.”
She laughed. “I really know very little – probably less than you do. But I read critically. Daniel, just because I am a woman does not mean I am stupid.”
“That's a ridiculous thing to say. Being a woman has nothing to do with it. I think you are a genius.”
“I am an imposter.”
“Mock humility.”
“You don't understand Russians yet. And you don't understand me.”
“Suppose I never understand Russians? That will be the end of the project, wouldn't you say, if I am so vital to it? And just on first impressions you might say, I think it is very unlikely that I will ever understand you.”
“Are we arguing?”
“We started to have an argument before, but stopped. It was a good idea.”
Six
“Look at this!”
“Nadya, I can't read Russian well enough – but hey, that's Father Mikhail!”
Nadya thrust the newspaper under his nose.
“Yes, that's right. He's been arrested.”
“For what?”
She pushed the newspaper along the small table as if it were unclean. “He has been found – interfering with boys.”
“There was a boy – that day, when we met him – waiting for him.”
“Yes. There is more. The one who arrested him – Filatov.”
"He was there - he wrote something in his notebook before he took me to his car..."
As if on cue the doorbell rang. Nadya came back a minute later. “You won't guess.”
Filatov swept into the tiny kitchen as if it were his own, rubbing his hands. “Yes, you have seen,” he beamed, pointing at the paper. “I noticed him – looking at the boy, that day we met at the church. I arranged for him to be watched.” Filatov puffed up his chest. “Very good,” he crowed. “Very good.”
“Yes,” Daniel said evenly, “congratulations.”
“Of course that is not what I came to see you about,” Filatov nonetheless looked the cat after eating the cream. “There is something else – something new, about Bulov, the man at the piano. Shall we go where it is more comfortable?”
They went to the room off the entrance hall with the television.
“This is better,” Filatov said approvingly as they all sat down. “What was it before, Nadya?”
“What do you mean?” Nadya dripped suspicion over her words.
“This room - it must have been something else when your mother was here on her own,” Filatov said calmly.
“Did you come here for this? Chatter?” She gave him a angry look.
“No – no,:” Filatov said hastily. “I didn't mean harm. No – the reason I came is to ask about these men.” He reached into his leather jacket and pulled out a clutch of photos, splitting them and passing half to Daniel and the rest to Nadya. “Do you know them?”
Daniel looked at a series of photos of men in leather jackets not at all unlike the one sported by Filatov. They were walking along streets, or getting into cars, and it seemed had been photographed without their knowledge. Nadya passed him half a dozen more of similar shots. He looked at her with a question in his eyes – would she answer?
Instead Filatov said, “Daniel? Do you know any of them?”
“Surely you don't expect me to know them. I've hardly been in the country a fortnight.”
“A day is long enough. You are certain?”
“Not to my knowledge. If one of them passed me on the street I would not have noticed. Are they police officers?”
Filatov looked pained. “Of course not. Nadya?”
“I have seen some of them – in meetings with Maxim, last year. They are with the Azeri group that wishes for Maxim to sell them his chemical plants there, in Azerbaijan.”
Filatov brightened. “Yes, that is right. They are all family members of this group, this gang – sons and cousins of the big boss, Jabrail. Jabrail,” he said looking at Daniel, “stays at home. He is in his eighties.”
“You suspect them of the killing?”
“Yes. There are reasons. Of course it will be hard to prove but there may be some evidence. Eventually I will talk to them again. Like others among the oligarchy, they have many enemies. Anyway I have had a tip, and we must not overlook anything.”
A soft burr came out of Filatov's leather coat. He reached in and pulled out his mobile. “Da? Yes?” He listened, said it again, and rang off.
“Ah.” He pushed the mobile back into his coat and spread his hands in what appeared to be a gesture of dismay. “It seems Father Mikhail could not face what was to come. He hanged himself.”
“That's very sad.” Daniel said.
“He was a child molester,” Nadya snapped.
“Yes, yes he was. He was a human being too.”
She sighed. “Yes, you are right. I am sorry for my opinion.”
Filatov stood up.
“It is my opinion too, and I am not sad about it. I must go. I will show myself out.”
“No,” Nadya said jumping up. “I will come.”
Daniel watched as they left the room together and headed toward the door, which was in view of the television room. Nadya opened the door for Filatov and said something to him in a low voice. He nodded brusquely and went out without speaking. When she returned he said, “What was that about?”
“What was what about? Do you want some coffee?” Nadya seemed flustered.
“All of it.”
“I don't know what you mean, Daniel. I am having some coffee.” She walked out of the room. He followed her into the kitchen.
“For a start, it seems Filatov knows you from the past,” he persisted.
Nadya blushed.
“Yes. It doesn't matter.”
“Well, it matters to me.”
“It doesn't to me. Don't worry about it.”
“You've never said your mother lived in this flat. I thought it was Maxim's – that he gave it to you, or lets you use it.”
She fiddled with the coffee machine without looking at him.
“Both are true. It was my mother's flat, but when I came back from Perm, Maxim owned it. He gave it to me. It is mine now, but if Maxim wanted it back I am sure he could get it one way or another.”
“What do you mean?”
She turned to him. There was anger in her face and she was very tense.
“Daniel – I really do not want to talk about this.”
“I do.” He said it kindly. “I think we need to be open about things like this. He reached out to touch her on the shoulder but she brushed his hand away.
“Leave me alone.” She glared at him.
“No.”
“Now we are really having an argument.”
“All right,” he relented. He dropped his hand and sat down on the bench in the small kitchen, looking out the window instead of at her.. “Let's try Father Mikhail. Do you think Filatov already knew about him killing himself and came here to tell us all about it?”
“You do not need to worry about understanding Russia and Russians, Daniel. That is very good. Of course I don't know this but it would not surprise me. He wanted to show off and to show us, too, how powerful he is, the great detective Filatov. And perhaps more.”
“And these – these Azeris. What about them?”
She put a cup of coffee on the table in front of him and sat down at the other bench with her own, no longer bristling.
“I don't know,” she said. “They are – they are enemies of Maxim's. What Filatov says is true. Every oligarch has enemies – even an oligarch's allies are potential enemies. No one trusts anyone else. That they murdered the man at the piano – well, that is possible. They may be trying to get Maxim in trouble, or just trying to tell him that they can reach him if they want to, so that he should negotiate with them, for what they want.”
“Which is?”
“Factories in Azerbaijan. That is where they are strongest - after all it is their original home. They want to consolidate. But Maxim has refused. There have been arson attacks on two of the factories and Maxim thinks of course it is this gang. Like many of the business groups coming from the Caucasus they are a family, like the Mafia in Italy. They have cousins and other relations all over the Caucasus region, from Dagestan to Azerbaijan, and all over Russia. They are very big, and quite strong, but not so strong as Maxim. He is on another level – a level where they would like to be.”
“Does he have a family?”
“No. Maxim is an orphan. His power comes from a different source – his intelligence. He began his career with inventions, as he told you, and exploited their success. Maxim is very clever, a genius.”
“A genius like you. But ruthless - unlike you.”
“I will defend him,” Nadya said. “Ruthless is right – in Russia today it is necessary to be ruthless  to be successful. But that is not big enough a word to describe Maxim. Efficient might be better. He does what is necessary, the best way, the most efficient way. He sees what is in his interest and pursues this, but what he sees is not short-sighted. He looks ahead and thinks creatively. I am constantly surprised at how Maxim gets what he wants.”
“And the Russian Idea?”
“It is a long view of what he wants – stability, focus, opportunity. The way he described the Russian Idea to you is how he sees his own life – to make things safe for himself, for his business, requires the same conditions for anybody. He doesn't want Russia to be like the 'wild West' any more. During the Soviet times we used to say that our country was like Upper Volta, but with rockets. Now it could be said that we are like the 'wild West', but with limousines. Russia needs the rule of law very badly, but Maxim thinks it will be a long time before it arrives. Spiritual drive can enhance social and political changes. That is why he has contacted you – employed you. He is very rich and can afford to make the investment.”
“And you – why did he employ you?”
“Maxim is a human being. He likes culture, likes music and dance and the arts, and once he had made a lot of money, saw an opportunity to support these things. He looked around and found me. Of course, he likes to look good too - and he does.” She laughed.
“At first I did not believe it – believe him, that he wanted to spend so much supporting artists," Nadya went on. "But he proved it, and showed me. We have a good relationship, and it goes beyond the arts now. I am part of his management team, and he consults me about business decisions. To Maxim, all these things are connected.”
“A genius.”
“Yes.” Nadya smiled. “Does that make you nervous?”
“A little,” Daniel admitted. “Your genius bothers me too, but his bothers me more - that he is thinking ahead of me, watching and maybe manipulating me along with others...”
“Yes,” she agreed. “That is always a risk. He is obsessive and watches his projects very closely and this is a project that is very important to him.”
“And we are under surveillance – right now. When we...”
Nadya laughed.
“It is a little embarrassing, to think he listens to our love-making. I have equipment to detect microphones, and cameras. There were new microphones last week but I found them and removed them. Maxim can't be everywhere, even if he wants to be. We make jokes about it.”
“When the man was murdered...”
“No,” she said quickly, understanding that he meant there might be evidence collected by Maxim's surveillance bugs. “The flat was empty of devices when they would have been useful.”
“Don't you worry that he wants to watch you like that?”
“At first I did,” she agreed. “It was upsetting. But I got detection equipment and removed the devices and told him about it, and he just laughed. He sees that he goes too far, even if he keeps doing it. I like to have some space for myself – otherwise it might be easier just to let him snoop.” She grinned. “And until you came along, there wasn't anything for him to discover. Anyway, he wants us to be a couple – it makes everything easier for him. But I am like you – I don't like the thought of him listening, or worse, watching. But I would rather do what we do, and be observed, than not.”
“No.” Daniel looked at her. She seemed so calm, but a few minutes before she had angrily dismissed his attempts to find out more about her.
“Should we tell Maxim about Lermontov?” he asked. “He's so eager to keep the project secret, yet Lermontov seemed to know all about it.”
“Of course.” Nadya looked steadily at him. "We can have our private life, Daniel – he assumes it anyway. But anything about the project he may not know – he is our employer. If we start making choices about what and what not to tell him we are not doing our jobs properly. I have never hidden anything from him in this way, and it has always been for the best. I will tell him later, by phone.”
Seven
Lermontov's flat was in one of the immense tower block sub-cities ringing Moscow, on the way to Sheremetyevo airport well past the zone served by the metro. The little man had insisted they come to him when Daniel had approached him to answer more questions; Daniel guessed he was embarrassed by his behaviour at the restaurant, and wanted to do something to make up for it.
Dostoevsky's Writer's Diary had proven every bit as useful as Lermontov had said it was; there was an English-language edition Daniel had vaguely known existed. The great novelist was revealed as far from the Slavophile despiser of Western culture he was sometimes portrayed. He did  adopt the robes of a prophet, predicting a range of developments in Russia, Europe and indeed the world in a very public way - the "diary" was a monthly magazine he edited and published over several years before he began work on his last and arguably greatest novel, The Brothers Karamazov. Daniel could see how the great man's critics could smile - many of the contemporary predictions were wrong, and may even have appeared foolish at the time, while the outbursts of anti-Semitism were repellent despite the author's wish that Russia's Jews should be granted the equality they were then denied. Yet Dostoevsky's brilliance could shine and the argument that Russia was destined for great things precisely because of the spiritual strength of its people, developed and purified through many centuries of suffering, had a force and conviction that was in honed to razor sharpness. It was a theme that percolated up from underneath in the novels, and Daniel was keen to probe the connection with Lermontov - an expert in Dostoevsky's theology.
Nadya drove in the BMW and it took hours, threading through traffic jams that radiated from every major intersection. When they finally arrived, the gigantic grey towers seemed to march to the horizon; Nadya knew which was which though Daniel could not see how she distinguished.
“This one,” she pointed as she pulled the car into a space barely large enough for them to alight. “He lives on the 26th floor – the concierge will let us in."
It was Daniel's first close look at the concrete monoliths that are modern Muscovite apartment  blocks. He thought they would be similar to the British version but they were more unlike than like  though they shared an apparent intent to discourage happiness. And while he did not really want to admit it, they were even less well-built than Britain's nightmares. They seemed in a state of permanent decay emphasised by ravenous graffiti eating every spot within arm's reach. He followed Nadya as they picked their way along a broken concrete footpath strewn with rubbish till they came to an entrance barred by a heavy metal door. Nadya pressed a button, talked back to a crackling voice from a speaker set in the wall next to the door, and in a minute the a buzz told Daniel to pull the weighty iron portal open for Nadya to pass ahead of him. At the end of a dark and dank hallway floored with a grimy knotted carpet, a square of dull yellow light haloed a woman behind a glass partition. She was wearing a red print smock with a blue and white rag tied round her head and was speaking with someone out of view. As they neared the partition they could see her companion was a man in a brown uniform with a fantastically peaked cap trimmed and badged in black leatherette and shiny red. The man turned to look at them...
Nadya spoke to the woman through an intercom. She didn't reply but nodded at the uniformed man. He spoke to her in rapid bursts of short phrases, as if there was a weapon in his throat spitting words in place of bullets.
“The policeman wants us to wait,” Nadya said. “Someone is coming.”
“What's going on?”
Nadya spoke to the man, who let off some more bursts of language.
“He says he is not allowed to say more. Someone is coming.”
A bell rang in the office and the woman pressed a button and the heavy iron door opened and they all turned to see Filatov amble down the passageway, his long hair streaming down one side of his face as he walked slowly toward them, his crooked grin almost sarcastic.
“So,” he said when he reached them. “You are here to see Lermontov?”
“Yes, we made the arrangement yesterday.”
“I too am here to see him. Shall we go?” Filatov nodded to the policeman, who led the way to a lift lobby. The door to one of the lifts was being held open by another policeman, as if once there, there should be no waiting while anyone so undeserving as a resident might use it.
They all crowded in, the two policemen, Filatov, Nadya and Daniel. The lift was just big enough for them all. No one spoke as the contraption inched its way upward, swaying and jerking, till the weak yellow light above the door slid onto number 26.
There was another policeman outside the door of the lift, and yet another standing in front of a door leading off the lift lobby. Finally, there was a fifth policeman standing outside one of the doors in a long dim hall. Heads were poking out of the other doors. Filatov said something to the fifth  policeman, who pushed at the door in front of him with a gloved hand. It swung open. Filatov stood speaking with the policeman for a moment before gesturing to them.
“Inside, please,” Filatov gestured.
The entranceway to the flat was unlit and the late afternoon sun, peering gloomily through a window somewhere off to the left, allowed them only to inch forward tentatively.
“Just a moment,” Filatov said from behind them. A gloved hand reached to a light switch and the hallway revealed itself to have dingy brown wallpaper over a discoloured parquet floor strewn with papers.
“Go on,” Filatov said. “Through that door.” His gloved hand pointed toward a door to the left. “Don't touch it. Nadya, perhaps you should stay in the hall.”
It was Lermontov's study, with a window looking out to a bleak vista of two stolid grey tower blocks and a narrow slice of patchy green and yellow between them.. In one corner a filing cabinet's drawers were open; papers spilled from the folders and spread out onto the floor. Bookshelves along the walls had had their books swept onto the cracked parquet flooring.
Lermontov was seated behind a solid wooden desk facing the window, rocked backwards in a swivel chair as if he was looking at the ceiling. On the desk a phone and some folders seemed intrusive next to a large tray with biscuits arranged around a half-empty tub of an orange jelly of some sort.
“Go on,” Filatov urged. “Look at him.”
Daniel felt foolish, edging around so that he could see the man's face. Lermontov's eyes were open but blank and the orange stuff smeared around his mouth and cheeks, was spilling out between his lips in a thick goo.
:”Caviar,” Filatov explained. The detective pointed at the blue woolen cardigan on the man's chest. “He was shot – right in the heart. There was scarcely any blood.”
“Wha...?” Daniel began.
“You identify him as Alexei Lermontov?”
“Yes,” Daniel mumbled. “Yes, of course. Nadya and I had lunch with him...”
“Then that is enough. You can go.”
“What is this about?” Daniel looked away from Lermontov, to get a grip on his emotions, and stared angrily at Filatov.
“Identification,” Filatov said with a mocking smile as they rejoined Nadya in the hall.. “The dead man and his wife kept to themselves, and his neighbours – the neighbours did not want to look. Otherwise you would not have been needed and been sent away downstairs. I will see you, later, about your discussions with him.”
"His wife?” Nadya asked.
“We are looking for her now.” Filatov coughed. “I shouldn't say this but we think it may have been some kind of domestic dispute. Now - ” he gestured with his hand.
Outside Daniel ran to a patch of weeds running alongside the building and threw up. He returned to Nadya with a sad smile.
“Sorry. I'm not really used to dead people – to murdered people, for that matter.” He caught himself. "I mean - I mean something else actually."
Nadya fished in her handbag for a tissue. “Here,” she smiled, wiping his lips with it. “You should not be ashamed. People do not see murder victims often – and especially not in that way, as a kind of surprise, though it was hard not to think something bad had happened, with all the police and Filatov.”
“The other one – in the flat – wasn't like this.” He told her what he had seen.
“Someone seemed to be punishing Lermontov for his greed - for his love of food. It must  not have been pretty. And you knew him – he was a person, a personality, and that makes it personal to you. Come – let us get away from here.”
"Two murders and Father Mikhail," Daniel said as Nadya drove them back to the city. "It seems knowing us is not healthy."
"It is coincidence," Nadya said. "Each of them is separate. You are looking at it from the wrong angle. Lermontov's wife would hardly know Bulov, or Father Mikhail."
"No." Daniel was still unsure.
Nadya squeezed his hand. "You are not important enough, Daniel - or at least not yet."
Maxim was waiting for them at the flat, sitting in his enormous limousine in the gated carpark, surrounded by his minders. When Nadya pulled in, he recognised the BMW and got out of his own, his bulk made more menacing by a blue Nike top that exaggerated his size, looming over them as Nadya opened the window.
“So – your contacts are so dangerous they must be murdered.” He didn't look happy.
“Filatov says they suspect his wife - a domestic dispute,” Nadya said. "You should not jump to conclusions, Maxim." She glanced at Daniel. "Daniel has made the same leap."
“Mmmn. Let's go upstairs.” He straightened up and waited for Nadya to park.
The minders stayed with his sleek grey mobile palace, the same marque as Nadya's but so much larger and imposing. The three of them barely fit into the lumbering lift in the apartment block. The building predated the revolution and while the lift had been put in much later, it seemed very old, didn't quite fit and always seemed on the verge of breaking down. Maxim was so big the two of them needed to edge themselves into the small space around him. No one spoke as they squeezed out onto the landing and then into the flat. Maxim led the way, into the big room with the piano. In other circumstances Daniel might have smiled at the comical sight of the big man marching ahead as a general leading his troops, and in the room with the piano pacing up and down after waving Nadya and Daniel onto the large chaise longue in front of the full length mirror, pausing occasionally to glance at his reflection. It was a small shock to Daniel to realise that Maxim was at least a little bit vain.
“Daniel, you must speed things up,” he said without ceremony. “You need to have your proposal to me next week.”
“What's happened?” Daniel asked. “Just the other day...”
“You don't need to know what's happened,” Maxim snapped, but then changed abruptly. “I am sorry,” he said in a soft voice. “I am under stress...my enemies are active.”
“I'm sorry,” Daniel echoed and meant it. “But how does the project...”
“Daniel,” Maxim said in a tone that said he was forcing himself to be patient, “my enemies use anything they can find to undermine me. This project may look to you as if it is something small, on the edges of my business, but they will see it as an opportunity to get to me, even to kill me. The ones most eager are these opportunists from Azerbaijan, but there are others. I must protect myself – protect you, too.”
“Are we in danger then?”
Maxim shrugged. “I don't believe so, but the fate of this man, this – Lermontov – makes it possible.”
“His wife...”
Maxim smiled in a way that said, “Pull the other one.” Instead he said, “Yes – maybe. I have spies; they will tell me in a day or two. Meanwhile, keep yourselves safe – and move more quickly. I understand that you need some time to develop this project, Daniel, and that you need to speak with people. But you must be careful what you tell them, and be quick.” He stopped pacing and stood over Daniel, looking down from his imposing height as a kindly uncle to a knee-high nephew. “You are too nice a man to die for an idea – even the Russian Idea.” He grinned at his joke, and suddenly relaxed. “You are enjoying working with Nadya? I am sure you are. She is an excellent colleague.”
“Maxim, you know we are intimate,” Nadya broke in. “You do not need to pretend. We work well together also.”
Maxim leered at Nadya, as if he would like to take her clothes off on the spot and ravish her. He rubbed his hands. “Good, good. It is as I had hoped. So – my people are waiting downstairs. Keep me informed - and be quick please.” He strode out of the room and out of the flat - before Nadya could rise the door slammed. In a moment the lift doors could be heard opening and closing, and then the sad sliding whimper of the lift danced away into silence.
“He knows then – did you tell him?”
“No,” Nadya said. “But even if his eavesdropping is not working, he is far from stupid, Daniel. He sees your eyes – and mine. And as I told you he both expected and wanted it.”
“Did he ever...did you ever...the way he looked at you...”
“Daniel! My life before you came here is my life – my business. Please don't become jealous.”
“I don't know,” Daniel confessed. “I don't want to be jealous. I don't really think I'm like that. It's    that I want to know about you – and I guess that means intimate things as well as the ah, boring bits.”
She stood up and walked around in front of him to stare into his eyes. As he looked up at her, he thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever known. He said so.
She smiled, looking down. “No, I am not so beautiful.”
“To me you are. Nadya, whatever happens – I love you, and will go on loving you.”
“You have been good for me, Daniel. I may not show it, but it is true. You are Berdyaevian man, perhaps too good to be true. We will see,” She walked over the piano, then turned to face him, holding her elbows in her hands, “But love - that I am not so sure about. It is a small word but a very strong one. It brings people to their knees, and can kill them.”
“Like Lermontov?”
“If you are being ironic, Daniel, that is not so nice.”
“His wife...”
“I see what you mean,” she smiled. “You are forgiven. Perhaps he loved food more than he loved her.”
“Perhaps it is not true at all.”
“You are more Russian by the day. Let us have some coffee and talk. There are things about you that I would like to know, if you are going to be in love with me.”
He stared at her hungrily.
“I think I'd rather have the discussion in bed. It's more comfortable.”
Eight
“That was nice,” she said with a smile. She was lying on her side facing him. Her eyes danced. “I liked that – more than all the other times.”
“Why?”
“Because you were more open. There wasn't so much  – so much shyness in you. I like you shy but you expressed yourself more fully, and were pleasing me too as you always do. You weren't aggressive, just – what is a good English word? - fulsome.” She put her finger on his lips. “Don't talk – not yet. I want to ask you something.”
He watched as she got up from the bed to fossick among the clothes on a small sofa for a dressing gown she liked to wear after they had had sex. It had a Japanese print, maybe was Japanese, and looked incongruous to him with her short dark hair and tall slim physique.
She clambered back on the bed, and sat on him.
“There,” she smiled. “That's better. Daniel, when I was – was researching you, I read the articles you wrote about Berdyaev. They were interesting, and showed how much you had been affected by him. And now, knowing you, I can see that the messages he has for all of us really have been taken hold of by you, and used in your life. It doesn't make you perfect, or a hero – but it does make you admirable.
“Of  course I am curious. I would like to know what drew you to him, to have this Russian thinker who is so obscure outside Russia play an important role in your life. When you spoke with Maxim the first time, you said something had happened to you and Berdyaev helped you to cope and make sense of it. It made me think that you were avoiding talking about this. Well, I would like to know.”
“Perhaps you will not be so pleased to find out, Nadya.”
She frowned.
“Let me judge this, Daniel.”
“It's so personal...”
“You must try, if you love me as you say you do.”
He swallowed. “Yes, you are right – but you might not think much of me when you hear it.”
He turned away from her and spoke in a low voice.
“It's hard to explain without going into a lot of background. You might find it shocking - in one way at least. And boring in others.”
“Daniel – please look at me while you are talking and stop excusing yourself for your life.”
He rolled over again.
“All right,” he said. “It's about my mother. She was murdered, and I found her – found her body.”
“Oh! I am so sorry.”
“It's complicated.” He stared at her. “No one has ever been arrested for it, and I doubt anyone will be, now – it's been twenty years.”
“There were suspects?”
“Oh, a few – but they were ruled out, not just by alibis, but by lack of evidence. You see – she was a prostitute. She knew lots of men, had lots of clients. It could have been any one of them – or none.” He blushed. “There – it's out. Son of a whore...”
“You are not responsible for your mother either, Daniel.” She smiled at him and reached out, touched his cheek. “Tell me – I want to hear, however hard it is for you.”
“She was – she got into it when she went to university, to Cambridge, where Maxim went. It's a very posh place, full of students whose families have lots of money, and Deirdre – my mum – was from a poor background, from a coal mining village in the Midlands. She got there on a scholarship. She told me once, she thought it was like coming to a place where the streets were paved with gold. She was studying philosophy of all things, and classics, but didn't really care, or I don't think so. She was really very pretty, and saw these young men with pots of cash, who wanted to show her a good time and were willing to pay, and she just took advantage. Once she started, she couldn't stop.
“For some reason, about the time I was born she dropped out and moved to Manchester. It wasn't because of me – or that's what she told me. She just said something made her move. Anyway I grew up there, and she kept her profession. There was always money and food on the table and she was in other ways a very good mother. She really loved me, and looked after me.
“Of course I didn't always respond in the way I should have. We lived in the neighbourhood where the football and cricket teams were based, not far from the stadiums at Old Trafford, and it was a tough neighbourhood. Mum didn't take clients in at the flat; she went to the city and till she got older had men with money, who could pay what she wanted, who behaved themselves in bed too - weren't kinky. But the locals found out, somehow, and they shunned her and their kids shunned and teased me and of course I was very embarrassed and ashamed. Till I went to university I never had a friend my own age, not one. Sometimes the kids would bully me at school, and chase me when they saw me on the street. It was good for being a student, but otherwise for a long time I was resentful of Mum. An old woman who had a plot in an garden allotment down the road from our council flat, Mrs Mills, she befriended me, and somehow warned the kids off, and till she died was really my only friend. She had a tiny shed on her plot and she'd make me tea or lemonade in the season, get me to weed her garden or help her plant, and never once mentioned my troubles though I knew she knew all about Mum and me.”
“Did your relationship with your mother get better before...?”
“Yes – yes it did. Mrs Mills helped me; she'd always speak well of Mum, who she'd see every once in a while and chat through the allotment fence. And I had no one else really, and I guess I grew up or grew out of it. And Mum was very determined for me and didn't take nonsense either. I wasn't spoiled or starved, but treated well.
“But by the time I was ready to go to university things weren't working out so well for her. She was still pretty, but getting on. And she had started to drink and take drugs, and those affected how she looked, and how much she could work, and who her clients were – even how she talked. She started to fantasise a lot, about the future, as if she had suddenly realised that what she was doing wasn't much fun, and she needed to get out of it. She didn't ever bring them home, and she wouldn't let me go to the clubs she used as a base, but I knew by the time I was eighteen that she was plying her trade in a working class area, had slid down the scale you could say. So she wasn't able to charge as much, and the clients weren't the respectable sorts, and maybe were aggressive and rough.
“I went to university there, in Manchester, and lived at home – and would you believe, I studied classics and philosophy, just like she had. I began to have friends, at the university, for the first time in my life. It was timely in another way as Mrs Mills died about then. She'd meant so much to me...but I didn't bring my friends home, and never had a girlfriend, not a proper one, till after...sometimes at parties I would meet one who seemed interested in me, but I was shy and was still a virgin and they'd lose interest. It's funny, isn't it – that my mother was a prostitute and I'd never had sex. But it was true.
“When I was in my third year, my last year, Mum started talking about shifting – to Spain. She said that she was going to get some money – 'big money' she said, and she said it a lot, especially when she'd been drinking – and that after I was finished with my studies, that we'd move there.
“I asked her about it – how she was going to get this sudden wealth. But she never said – she just hinted that she knew something, about someone, and that it would mean a big payout.
“Well, I told her to be careful. I thought she must have gotten mixed up with gangsters of some sort in Salford, the part of Manchester where she was working. It was easy to imagine that they were involved with her, and even that they were running her – pimping for her. It was hard to know. She wouldn't talk about that. She just smiled and said there was nothing to worry about, that it was all going to be arranged, whatever that meant.”
He broke off.
“You're bored.” She seemed distracted, as if she wasn't listening.
“No!” Nadya held up her hand, her eyes wide. “No! Not at all. Daniel – please. Don't stop...I want to hear everything.”
“Something's wrong then? You look – different, I don't know...”
“No – yes. I mean, you have made me think about something. Please – keep talking. Pay no attention to how I am.”
“Ok, if you are sure.”
“Yes – yes I am sure.”
“Alright. Well – one day I came home after classes, and the front door to the flat was open. The entrance to the block of flats where we lived was down a lane off a main street; there wasn't much traffic and to get to our place, it was necessary to go past the rubbish store and down a passageway – unless you were going there, once you went past the rubbish store, no one could see you. Anyway I was surprised as Mum was very particular about security, so I called out to her, and there was no answer.
“She was in the lounge, on the floor. She'd been - been raped, or that's what it looked like...but she'd been shot – a lot of times, and there was blood everywhere. It was – was awful, you can imagine. I was sick and staggered outside, and someone came by from upstairs and I told them to call the police, and wouldn't go back in. I never went back in; the only time I saw her later was at the funeral, and the police cleaned everything up and found me another place to live.
"You know, I think one of the reasons I have been sick here seeing this Bulov and Lermontov is related to that - to the discovery of my mum. It brings it back, and it's not nice. I was going to lie about that to you; I don't know why. But I stopped myself.
“Anyway at first the police suspected me! It astonished me, but later I came to understand it – they thought I must have been angry at her and that I was part of the – the scene she moved in, that I was jealous of her customers, took it out on her and raped and shot her. Then, when they couldn't find any evidence against me, they started prowling around where she worked. It must have been some kind of gangland slaying – I mean, nothing else really makes any sense – and things like that are often not solved. I think she must have known something, about one of the local mobsters, and thought she could get a big payment in exchange for disappearing. She wasn't thinking properly.”
“Did you ever meet any of these people?”
“Not really. Mum always kept me away from her professional life. At the funeral there were a few big men in cheap suits you might say, who paid their respects. I don't know if they were clients, or her pimps. They didn't introduce themselves except by their first names. "I'm Tommy. I was a friend of your mum" - that kind of thing. Anyway I was too upset really. Finding her was very upsetting on its own, and all the other things, how the police went about their business...and my classmates and friends at university were less than helpful you might say. It was like being back at school. They shunned me.”
“Why? They suspected you too?”
“Oh, perhaps.” Daniel sighed. “I never knew. At the time I just assumed it was because Mum was a prostitute, but maybe they thought the same as the police did. The only one to reach out to me was one of my teachers, an older man, Professor Green. He steered me toward Berdyaev.”
“Why? What did he say?”
“It was odd. He pulled me aside after class – he was teaching Euripides - and said I hadn't been listening. Of course he was right. It was a few days after the murder and I was only going to the classes to try to get what had happened out of my mind, and I wasn't doing very well at it. I blushed and he said he'd read all about it and that I needed something to guide me, and suggested Berdyaev's Slavery and freedom. The library had it and I read it and it really did help me.”
“Why? What did it have that meant so much to you?”
“Well, Berdyaev himself wouldn't like me saying so, but it let me pray without believing in God.  You know how he stressed communion through the spirit with other people and how that should take you outwards, into action in the world. I liked that idea – going inwards to go outwards, is how I thought of it then, still do really. Spirituality made sense to me at last, not only as a feeling, but as a process, and one with a purpose. So after that I read Spirit and reality, and the Meaning of history.
“And?”
“And I got it – well, got something. I didn't think of Berdyaev as specially Russian, or specially anything, even specially Christian. Maybe I thought of him as just special. He spoke to me in a way I'd never had from any writer, whether or not a philosopher. To be honest, for a little while after Mum was killed I thought of suicide; life just seemed so pointless. He gave it a point, showed me that the life of an individual is meant to be for other people, that being greedy for things - like Lermontov - is self-defeating, and that what we are here for, if I can put it that way, is for others.   So I could pray, but needed to be in the world: go inward to go outward. It saved me.
"It let me understand spirituality too. It's a funny word - it means different things to different people. In England anyway you often hear specially holy people termed spiritual, as if others aren't. But I don't think it's like that; what I think spiritual means is the recognition of connectedness with the rest of the world, with other people. Before, I was conscious of my separateness. Spirituality means I am conscious of being hooked up. It's pretty fundamental and basic - I don't pretend to be an expert and am certainly not spiritual in that other sense.
"So I decided to do something new with myself. After Mum was murdered I read everything in the papers about it, bought them all – the tabloids and the broadsheets. Of course the coverage tailed off after a few days but I kept buying them for a while, just in case. And I started to read the other stories, not just thumb through looking for something about the case. Reading Berdyaev at the same time gave me an idea – made me want to be a journalist. So after I graduated from university I took a journalism course and got a job at the local paper.”
“Why?” Nadya wanted to know. “What was it about Berdyaev that made you want to be a journalist?”
“The thing that got me about Berdyaev was that he was committed to a better world, that he made the connection between the spiritual life and social change philosophically. Social change wasn't an add-on. He really argued the case. His faith was personal, and he called his philosophy personalism, but it was personal with a purpose, not just so people could feel good about themselves. And also a great attraction was that it wasn't doctrinaire. He didn't argue for Orthodoxy, or Catholicism, or any other denomination. He said often that the foundation was and had to be Christianity, but he scorned what most people would think of under that banner. He saw lots of suffering to come, he appreciated the cost, and said you have to stand up for what is right anyway. I really, really liked that.”
“Journalism? Not politics?”
“No, I thought politics was too compromised, and too compromising. Anyone in Britain in politics who tried to follow Berdyaev's precepts would find themselves marginalised very quickly. Politics is seen as free of morals, basically, while Berdyaev, as Maxim has pointed out, made morals the precept of politics. I'd like to see someone about that, if you can find someone, someone who would understand the relationship between Berdyaev and Marxism.
“Anyway, journalism at least cloaks itself in the mantle of crusader, and that was what attracted me to it – that you could expose wrong-doing in every sphere of life, including politics. And that you could be for things too – try to make a better world. Once I got into it, I found journalism a fairly cynical profession, and when I moved out of it into public relations, it was with a sigh of relief.”
“But surely,” Nadya objected, “public relations is even more cynical?”
“For some it is,” Daniel agreed. “They try to square the circle all the time.”
“You have exceeded the limits of my English.”
“Sorry. I mean that many people in PR try to conceal the truth. They think that's their job, and for some who employ people like that, it is. But to me good public relations acknowledges the truth, even when it's embarrassing, and puts the point of view of the client about the acknowledged truth. I've never worked with any organisation or individual I couldn't have faith in, whether it was about a product, or reputation, or policy. A few times I've resigned when they've asked me to do things I regarded as immoral.”
“So you see your work as an extension of Berdyaev's beliefs?”
“Yes – yes, I do. It sounds presumptuous and arrogant, but I don't think it is. It's a spiritual approach, emphasising connections and building on them, and it's what keeps me going.”
“Well.” Nadya got out of bed, and began to put her clothes on, then stopped. She took them off and clambered back onto the mattress.
“Daniel, I am glad you have told me this. It makes some things you don't know more – more difficult for me, but it is good all the same.”
“What things?” He looked at her suspiciously.
“I need to think for a while before talking about them. That's not very fair of me, when I've wrestled your arm to make you confess such a personal thing. But it is me.” She was on the bed, on her hands and knees, staring into his eyes not a foot from his face. Her chin pointed to the valley  between her small breasts that seemed to frame the thick bush growing between her legs.
“Nadya...”
“Be quiet, Daniel.” She leaned forward to kiss him on the lips, drew back, and smiled at him. “Do you still love me? Do you still want me?”
He was silent for a moment and disappointment began to flood into her open face.
Then he reached to her cheek and stroked it with his right hand.
“Yes – yes, you know I do.”
“I know now.” She pushed him back and lay down next to him, snuggling into his back, her arm around his belly. "It is nice to be loved by you, Daniel."
Nine
“We are spending too much time in bed.”
“That is a strange thing for you to say, Daniel – for a man to say.”
“Yes, I know, especially as it is everything I ever wanted with a woman this way. You are incredible, Nadya – and not just the sex. In bed we seem to get a lot of work done because you are so perceptive and we talk very usefully ah, in between. But we should get up sometimes if only to make Maxim happy.”
“To make the world happy, you mean.” Nadya sat up. “Yes, all right. You know I have thought of someone who could help you with Berdyaev and Marx. He is here in Moscow. I will ring him later and we will see. Please make some coffee –  we may be out very late tonight, and if we are not, we can stay up and – and talk.” She grinned.
Two hours later they were walking near the Tretyakov gallery towards the bridge created by the  exiled mayor Lushkov, the “bridge of love”.
“Yes,” Nadya laughed as they reached it, “it was one of his more impressive achievements. Peter the Great by Tsereteli - not so great.” Metal trees stood at intervals across the bridge, a tiny arch that crossed a branch of the Moscow river. Newlyweds attached locks with their names or initials on them to the trees before tossing the keys into the river. When the trees were so laden with locks no more could be attached, they were replanted on the far side of the river.
They crossed through newlyweds walking together on the bridge in their finery, as photographers and relatives took portraits for posterity.
“Would you like it like this?” Daniel asked.
“No!” Nadya poked him in the ribs. “I'm like Berdyaev that way. The heart is what matters; ceremonies are not necessary. There – we are going there” She pointed. Across a park with geometric flower beds a vast grey complex loomed over trees at the far end.
“It is famous, this apartment block,” she said. “During the Soviet times it was called Government House and was for the apparatchiks – the nomenklatura who ran the country. Of course their scheming and plotting with and against each other moved from the office to the home. A novel was set here about this. As you will see it is a strange and very ominous structure, and the name Muscovites gave it was a sign of this: 'the House on the Embankment'. It sounds innocuous, but it is mysterious. It was built where it is because it is close to the Kremlin, on the river but on the other side. Today many of the flats have New Russians as owners – people who have made a lot of money since the fall of the Soviet Union, and can afford such palaces. Many of the flats are very large, as big as mansions. But Vladimir did not sell, and there are many like him, who have held on to their flats. You will see how he manages today. Come.”
The complex seemed ever more bizarre the closer they came, as its bland colour revealed a crazy quilt construction pattern that suggested it had had additions tacked onto it over the years without regard to aesthetics, as if building blocks had been piled wherever, just so long as they didn't fall over.
Past some huge iron gates the inner courtyard was even more strange. There didn't seem to be floors, but odd juxtapositions of blocks, with windows here and there stuck in a gloomy, airless, sinister carpark. Rays of light slid in a cheerless slant from the unseen sky above.
“The architect must have been on drugs,” Daniel laughed.
“Unlikely. He lived here too. Yuri Trifonov, who wrote the novel based here, also lived here as a child – till his parents were arrested. His father was one of many shot in the Stalin purges. His mother spent years in prison.”
“Oh.”
“Yes it is a house with bad memories –  for everyone. All Russia knows about it.”
“People still live here,” he objected.
“Yes, the flats are central and very nice as you will see,” Nadya said drily. “Vladimir, who stays here, has his own reasons. Here,” she pointed, “we go in there and to the first level.”
The grey interior and nondescript stairwell did not prepare Daniel for what was to come. Nadya rang a bell on the right of the cushioned door, and it swung open to reveal a tall, slim, elderly man in a red felt nightgown and a matching woolen cap. Grey hair straggled out from under the cap and hung down over his forehead almost to wireframed bifocals. He was stooped and using a cane, and his ancient felt slippers were stained with what turned out to be tea. Food stains covered the front of the red nightdress and the white striped pyjamas peeking out from beneath.
“Nadya. It has been a long time,” he said in English. The apparition held out his free hand and Nadya shook it.
“Yes,” Nadya murmured, squeezing the hand and rising up slightly to peck him on the cheek. “Too long. I am sorry. I have been busy."
“Where have you been?” Nadya didn't reply. The voice was cracked and shaky but the eyes were bright as they fastened on Daniel. “So this is our Berdyaev expert who speaks no Russian?”
“Yes – Daniel. He needs your help.”
“My help? Surely...” the voice trailed off. “Very well – come in. I will make some tea."
Daniel followed Nadya as the old man turned and let the way along a dark hallway whose walls were covered with what appeared to be historical photos from the Soviet era...Lenin, Khrushchev, Gorbachev...there were others he didn't recognise, but none of those one might expect, no Stalin or Brezhnev. But no Yeltsin either. An unreconstructed Bolshevik?
They went through a door into an almost empty room the size of a ballroom, truly vast, facing the river through windows that ran along the outside wall, broken by doors giving way to a spacious balcony nearly the length of the room. The old man heard Daniel catch his breath and turned and said, “Yes, it is too large for my needs. But I have no needs really.” Near the windows were some plastic stackable chairs spread around a wooden box. He waved at them. “Please - sit.” Then he struggled through a side door, waving Nadya away. “The tea...”
A few minutes later he reappeared, pushing before him a steel trolley with a teapot, cups and saucers, and a biscuit barrel. The cane dangled from the side of the trolley.
“I am too old, Nadya,” he said as he pushed it along. “I will die soon.”
“Nonsense, Vladimir.”
He pushed the trolley to the chairs, and sat down, pulling the cane with him.
“There is no need for cheap sentiment, Nadya. It is all right. I have had my life.”
“Yes.”
“Is he your lover?” He pointed at Daniel. “He looks it.”
Nadya blushed. “Yes, but what do you mean?”
“He is in love. A man my age can tell these things. Well, I will tell you whether I approve when you leave – not that the approval of an old man matters.”
“Why don't you sell this place?” Nadya changed the subject. “You would get a great deal of money for it, and could buy a more suitable flat – or a country house. Or both.”
Vladimir laughed.
“Would these new premises have a view of the Kremlin? No, I am happy here. It may not seem it, but I am. My needs are very few and they are met, as you know.”
“Allow Daniel to see your study, please.”
Vladimir laughed again.
“Yes, certainly.” He pointed to a door behind them, on the other side from where he'd bought the tea. “Go through there, Daniel. Take your time.”
It was not at all what he expected, but another large room, not so large as the ballroom – as he'd already fixed it in his mind – but as large as a university classroom for example. Next to the door there was a grand piano. The keyboard was covered with its hood and the sounding board was shut over the strings, but there was a book of music on the stand, and a metronome. Small stacks of scores sat on the floor next to the stool.
Apart from the windows looking out over the river and the Kremlin the walls were lined with bookshelves packed with books. There was a desk and swivel chair in the far corner, with a sofa  next to it, and next to them a single, unmade bed. Behind the bed was a wire clothes rack with some cardboard boxes for underthings set on its shelves.
Daniel browsed the books. Most were in Russian and many were of the collected works category – Marx and Engels, with Lenin alone of the Soviet political leaders. But there were writers - Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, and others. There were illustrated art books that surprised him – Kandinsky, Klee, Picasso...and music books...Shostakovich's complete scores, he could make that out.
There were plenty of books in English, many political, left wing books that he knew from his student days. And a great selection of literature in English, writers he knew like Lawrence, Joyce, Graham Greene, more modern authors like Fowles and Updike. There were some he didn't know – B Traven, Peter Handke...and more books in German.
He was about to leave when the spine of a book near the Dostoevsky set caught his eye. Yes, it was Berdyaev, in English – Slavery and freedom and Spirit and reality. Next to them were others in Russian...and then he saw more in Russian by the men Berdyaev and written about in The Russian Idea – Soloviov, Khomiakov, Ivanov, Fedorov...Why hadn't Nadya brought him here in the first place?
When he returned Nadya and the old man stopped talking as he entered. His suspicion antennae  were throbbing but he decided to wait till he was alone with Nadya.
“It is a very remarkable collection,” he said when he resumed his seat on the plastic chair. “You are obviously a very remarkable man.”
The old man smiled.
“Remarkable food stains on my nightdress, you mean? My empty flat apart from my books? My unmade bed?”
“These things are not really important,” Daniel objected.
“They are not important to me, now. There was a time...” the voice trailed off. “But we are wasting it. You are interested in Berdyaev and Marxism, is that not so?”
“And more,” he said, hoping to open a further door.
“Ah, and more!” Vladimir chirped in a mocking yet kindly imitation of Daniel's voice. “Well, let us have one at a time.”
“I saw the Berdyaev books in your library. You must know his work better than I do.”
“It has been some years since I read him,” Vladimir said. “But yes – I do know him. He was a great Russian – mistreated, like so many others.”
“The way I read him,” Daniel said, “he was consistent with Marxism in every way but one.”
“Let's start with Marx,” Vladimir said in a quiet voice. “Then we can get to Berdyaev.” He seemed to be angry at something, glowering at Daniel as he sipped his tea.
:”Marx is one of the most misunderstood thinkers in history,” he began. “Especially by Marxists. Even in his lifetime he found people misunderstanding his ideas. His philosophy was one that is easy to jump to conclusions about. He did it himself, rushing to see developments that were only in embryo, as if they were complete. He was a victim of himself. I'll give you an example of this in a minute.
“The reason for this is that there are two very distinct aspects to Marx's ideas. One is as a picture of society – what it is like, and how it changes and develops, and Marx was certain that society is developing, as opposed to merely changing. The other is what to do about it - how to affect society to change it for the better. Obviously these two interact, and Marx and those influenced by him readily moved from one to the other, often with disastrous consequences, persuading themselves that what they merely wanted to see was real, right before their eyes.
“Marx saw society developing towards a much better life for everyone. He felt that he could scientifically demonstrate that history was evolving through class conflict to a classless society, and that capitalism, the type of society we live in now, was the last stage of what he called 'pre-history'. He believed that in order for this to happen, the capitalist system – the economic system, the way we make things and share them out, or don't – had to be genuinely global to reach its potential, and that it had to reach its potential, that is, exhaust the possibilities inherent in it, before it would be swept away by the same sort of revolutions as swept its predecessors away, as feudalism was swept away by what Marx called the bourgeois revolution.
"It is important to be very clear about these revolutions." The old man's face was grim. "Marx did not think the people who made them fully understood what they were doing. They thought they were fighting for one thing, when the role they played was different. But while Marx could see this in relation, for example, to the the French revolution, or even to the revolutions of his own time that began in 1848, he could not see it of himself - could not see that his own way of looking at things was as partial, as incomplete, or even as wrong, as those of past actors on the stage of history, who believed they were doing one thing when they were really doing something else.
“A good example: today people speak about globalisation, as if it is something recent, happening now – and there are good reasons for this. But Marx, in his own time, in his willingness to believe that the future had arrived, thought that the opening of Australia meant the world's economy was global enough to foment the revolution he wanted to see. Even at the time, this must have raised a few eyebrows among his friends and admirers, and of course Marx's hopefulness was foolish.
“Yet it is hard for some one like me not to be sympathetic to Marx's self-deceit. The times then were hard. Many millions starved to death and for millions more life was a constant struggle for the bare minimum for survival. Marx saw this and documented it, and wanted to make a better world, to speed up the process if you will, and actively campaigned for it. That took courage, and it is hard not to admire him for it.”
Vladimir coughed. “I am sorry. This is a history lecture; it is patronising and I am getting carried away.”
“Please,” Daniel protested. “You are not offending me. It is interesting and even if it wasn't - I need to hear what you have to say.”
The old man smiled wanly.
“You are too kind.”
“He is,” Nadya agreed. “But he is right too – it is interesting to him and he does need to hear it.”
“As always you are very direct, Nadya. Make more tea, please.”
Nadya piled everything on the trolley and pushed it across the vast room and through the far door. As it swung shut, Daniel seized the moment.
“How do you know Nadya?”
Vladimir stared at him in astonishment. He opened his mouth, then shut it.
“Ask her,” he said finally. “Perhaps she will tell you.”
“Perhaps?”
The old man shrugged, looked away and said nothing.
“Right.” Daniel gave up. “Well, go on – keep going.”
“So,” Vladimir began, and suddenly Daniel knew. He sat back, stunned. Then he laughed.
“Stop,” he said. “Wait for her. She should hear – even if she has before, many times.”
The old man glowered at him, but made no effort to continue. They sat in silence till Nadya appeared pushing the trolley. As she approached he said, “Your man is very intelligent.”
“Yes,” Nadya agreed, “he is.”
“Not so intelligent as she is,” Daniel said, turning to Vladimir. “Your daughter is a genius.”
“So,” Nadya said, riding over the compliment. “He told you, or you guessed.”
“I deduced – from a single word. So.” He laughed.
“In future I will be more careful with my language.” She smiled. “Let's have tea. I am waiting to hear, too. He has been very good today. It is always different with Vladimir.”
“Nadya, do not tell stories.”
Nadya kissed the old man on the forehead, beneath his cap.
“Now that our secret has been discovered, Papa, I can tell you that I do not need to tell stories about you.” As she poured the tea she said, “Anyway Daniel will be able to make up his own.”
“Umph.” The old fellow managed to convey a look that was cross and mollified at the same time. “Well,” he said as he reached for his tea, “it is a long way from here to the end of Berdyaev...”
“You left off where Marx leapt to delusions,” Daniel said helpfully.
“Very clever.” Nadya looked at him – how? Like a parent scolding a smart aleck child? Well, there was a conversation waiting to be had, he said to himself.
“Yes,” Vladimir said approvingly, “leapt to delusions. I must remember this. When he wasn't doing that, Marx was actually a very astute political scientist, a shrewd observer of the events around him, and a highly skilled manipulator – I am using this expression on purpose – of dialectics. He learned dialectics from Hegel, who dominated philosophy in Germany in the first half of the 19th century –  in the famous formula of 'thesis, antithesis, synthesis'. Marx claimed only to have turned it upside down, so that where Hegel saw everything emanating from some ideal state, Marx looked for the material basis of life, and built all his analysis on top of that.
“It is surprising that there was ever any argument about this,” Vladimir went on. “But there was. Today we accept Marx's materialism without thinking about it, just as we accept economic cycles, which also go back to Marx. We understand that the big immediate issues in any society ultimately revolve around material problems – usually about having enough to go around. Later on, we can talk about how Berdyaev had his own ideas about materialism
“In any case Marx's dialectical tools served him very well, and one example should be enough. In 1870 after the French were beaten by Prussia, the workers of Paris revolted, overthrew established authority and set up a communal government. Marx in his role as a political activist had  urged them not to do it, but when they did, and the commune was crushed, he defended the workers  in a famous book. What is most remarkable about this book, however, is that he was able to analyse the developing competition by European powers for resources in the rest of the world, and to see that this imperialist rivalry would lead to a war involving the whole planet – nearly fifty years before it happened.” Vladimir smiled a bit wolfishly. “Marx leapt to his delusions again and thought it the end of history, or pre-history as he saw it, and the beginning of socialist revolution. He was almost right, but almost is not right enough.”
“Did this have an impact on Russian Marxism?” Daniel wanted to know.
“You mean his capacity for self-deceit? Yes, it did. Marx famously started to learn Russian because he got a letter asking if the Russian peasant commune was a basis for communism, or socialism - if Russia could bypass industrialisation and move directly to a communist society. He read up on it and decided that yes, it was – under the right conditions. Of course some Russians read the 'yes' without seeing the 'certain conditions'.” Vladimir's face took on a stern look.
“Worse, it allowed others – notably Lenin – to be creative in a bad way with Marx's predictions. To Marx, only the industrial countries could build socialism - countries in transition to industry like Russia would have to follow in their wake. There was a good reason for this in Marx's theory: you will remember he thought societies didn't make a transition to another 'material' basis till they had exhausted all the potential of their existing one. As you can see walking down the street, even here in Moscow, there is plenty of life in the capitalist dog yet.” Vladimir coughed. “Of course, as you say in English, 'needs must'. The Bolsheviks were perhaps right to seize power. It was what they did with it that was wrong.”
“Papa, don't start.”
The old man smiled.
“Nadya fears I will become excited. Sadly, I am past excitement today. And we are getting ahead of ourselves.”
“To Berdyaev?”
“No – to Dostoevsky. Then Berdyaev. It is a long session. Are you tired?”
Daniel wasn't tired – he found it fascinating. But he was also keen to have that conversation with Nadya. Even so, he said, “No, I'm not. Let's keep going – this is wonderful.”
Vladimir raised his eyebrows.
“Very well. I am sorry, Daniel, that this is so much of a history lesson. I am certain you know much if not most of what I am saying, but that you are too polite to say it. It is better to be thorough and perhaps bore you than incomplete and confuse and bore you.”
“You should stop apologising for nothing,” Daniel said. “Nadya, your father is too humble. Please tell him it is not needed.”
A brief flurry of Russian ended with the old man smiling with arched eyebrows fallen away. “Very well,” he said again. “We will go on – after more tea.” He passed his cup to Nadya, who busied herself again with the trolley.
“In the 19th century educated Russia went through a national debate about the best way forward for the country,” Vladimir continued after she had returned. “Everyone could see that the old way was failing, and that even after the end of serfdom that Russia had many serious problems that weren't being met by the Tsars and the political system, which was repressive and undemocratic.
“But there was no real consensus about what should happen. Roughly there were two schools: the Westernisers, and the Slavophiles. The Westernisers believed that industrialisation on the European model was the answer. The Slavophiles thought that Russia should go its own way with a Orthodox spiritual foundation. Within both of these there were lots of different ideas.
“The Westernisers were often radical, and Marxists came to dominate the radical trends, and eventually the Bolsheviks came to dominate the Marxists. But just as the Marxists weren't the only ones who believed in Westernisation, there was a range of views among the Slavophiles.
“Dostoevsky thought to bridge them all. To people outside Russia, Dostoevsky is a great novelist whose insights into human nature are as profound today as they were when he was alive. But to Russians in his time, and to many today, this great writer was also, as he saw himself, an Orthodox Christian prophet. He believed in Russia finding its own way, which made him seem like an anti-Westerniser. But he recognised the benefits Westernisation had brought, and sought only to apply a specifically religious foundation to them. As a result he disappointed both camps.
“But he didn't mind. He had a vision of Russia that would bridge the gulf between the Westernisers and the Slavophiles whether they liked it or not, and in that he was not all that far removed from Marxism. But he also saw very clearly what would happen if the Marxists gained control in Russia. Demons, his novel based on the real murder of a student by a group led by the revolutionary Nechaev, accurately predicted what would happen. What he saw, or realised, was that without a religious foundation, socialism would lead to tyranny.
“But he saw beyond that, and it is that vision that attracted people like Berdyaev. The 'Russian Idea' as Dostoevsky proclaimed it would only come into play when there was a global failure – precisely the failure that Marx prophesied as a materialist. The catastrophic collapse of the capitalist system would create a demand for a spiritual, or religious solution – and that solution would be the vision promised by Orthodox Christianity.”
Vladimir grinned a lopsided grin as Nadya wheeled in the trolley.
“So this idea, this Russian Idea that you are investigating, stems ultimately from Dostoevsky, in his role as Christian prophet.”
“Yet he was very anti-Marxist, and Berdyaev was a Marxist early in his adult life,” Daniel objected.
“It would be more true to say that Dostoevsky was anti-atheist,” Vladimir observed calmly. “But I think you will need to speak with some one more expert in him than I am.
"Now we can speak about Berdyaev. And you can draw a proper conclusion. Berdyaev was far more tolerant of the Soviet Union than most other Christians.
“But like Dostoevsky, and following Dostoevsky, Berdyaev had a fundamental objection to Marxism – that it did not believe in spirituality except as a product of the material world. This is of course – and as we have seen – axiomatic with Marx. Marx saw religion as a product of society, and followed the German philosopher Feuerbach to the atheist conclusion. Both Dostoevsky and Berdyaev believed not only in God but in a dialectical relationship between God and Man. Berdyaev argued very strongly that the spiritual dimension of life is independent of the material world, that it exists in its own right, and is the place of dialogue, if I may put it like that, between God and Man, and between Man and Man.
“Berdyaev was an excellent dialectician,” Vladimir said. “He knew Hegel well and of course Marx and he was able to develop his analysis of the many subjects he treated in a skilful dialectical way. To read his arguments about Christ, for example, as a union of God and Man, is to watch a master at work. And his notion of dialogue between God and man – also masterful.
“There are times when Berdyaev seems quite depressing in this way,” he went on. “He says in some of his writings that spirit – our spirit, Man's spirit – can penetrate the material world but weakly, and that the material defeats it again and again. Other times he is more hopeful. But in every case, he argues that Man's spirituality is what sets him apart from the beasts, and is where Man both meets his fellows, and reaches out to meet God. These are fundamental differences with Marx and his successors, and cannot be bridged. Either you believe in God as Berdyaev did, and take the spiritual to be independent of the material world, or you do not. Berdyaev argued that anyone who thought that spirituality was a product of the material world was condemned to disappointment.” Vladimir coughed, almost apologetically. “Of course he would have to say that. From his perspective spirituality as a product of the material world not only would justify Marx, but would diminish the spiritual to a reflection or at best a product of material reality, as Marx argued, and thereby ultimately prove that the end justifies the means. And Berdyaev and before him Dostoevsky saw this as a root evil of materialism.”
The old man smiled.
“So. There you have a too-long explanation of the relationship of Berdyaev to Marx, with a side excursion through Dostoevsky. Was it worth it?”
“Oh, yes,” Daniel smiled. “More than worth it. It has cleared up a great deal of confusion for me. There is one thing that has occurred to me that I hope you will be able to clear up."
"Ah?" Vladimir smiled. "Yes - go on."
"When Dostoevsky and Berdyaev were writing Islamic fundamentalism had not succeeded in the way that it has today. As you say both were determined that materialism would lead to tyranny, but there are societies today where religion has proven just as oppressive. What would you say would be the answer to this?"
"Very good. It is an important point." Vladimir poured himself more tea. You will certainly be aware that in the past religiously-controlled societies were just as oppressive as the Islamic ones today. The monk Giordano Bruno was burnt at the stake in Rome in 1600 for his views on science, and his is but one example of the tyranny of Western religion. Islam today, when it shows the same intolerance, is not doing anything new.
"The answer to this in the Russian Idea is the thorny concept of 'sobornost'. It is vital for understanding the persistence of the idea and the faith in it Berdyaev and the others maintained. Sobornost is hard to describe in English but its meaning includes the idea that people's individuality is the basis for their solidarity. Respect for the individual is the foundation of the Russian Idea, and without it, more tyranny is inevitable. It is a clear distinction between earlier forms of Christianity, and today's Islamic fundamentalism, when individuals are always subservient to a so-called higher cause. I should say in passing that Marx believed that under communism 'the free development of each' would be the 'condition for the free development of all', and we saw what happened there. Your society has done much better instilling respect for the individual than ours, or others. But I am hopeful."
"You believe? In the Russian Idea?" Daniel stared at him.
"Yes - yes I do. But it is a long story."
"I am sorry I did not come to you earlier.” Daniel glared at Nadya. To his surprise she blushed.
“You could not have. I forbade it.”
“You?” Daniel stared at him. “Why would you do that?”
“Perhaps Nadya will explain it to you, later,” Vladimir said. “You might find it foolish - may find me foolish. Nadya convinced me that I was wrong. We will see.”
“What is there to see?” Daniel asked.
“A great deal, Daniel.” Vladimir stood up. “Now, it is rude of me but all this talking has made me very tired." Daniel stood too. “I will go to bed now, so will leave you. Nadya will clear up our mess.” He held out his hand. “Goodbye. Perhaps we will talk again.” There was a twinkle in his eye. "I am afraid Nadya will have to ring me to get my opinion of you."
And he shuffled off to his study without looking back.
“You...” Daniel turned to Nadya as the door closed behind him. “You...you...”
“Not now,” Nadya said sharply. “Later – when we've gone from here.” She moved to stack the tea dishes on the trolley. “You stay and admire the view. I will clean up.”
“I'll help.”
“No.” She held up her hand. “This is my father's house, Daniel. Please don't try to make rules in it.”
He wilted, and turned away, to look out the window towards the Kremlin. The apartment block was on the other side of the river and on the other end of the red-walled fortress from Red Square, so the nerve centre of Russia looked different as a result. The vast white block of buildings with gold trim that held the regime's bureaucratic nucleus were more prominent and the cathedrals inside and St Basil's on the edge of Red Square, the symbol of Russia to many Westerners, were only suggestive emblems, obscured and far away.
“Ok.” He turned around and Nadya stood near the door to the hallway, her bag slung over her shoulder. “We can go now,” she said quietly. There was something in her eyes – was it malice? He had never seen malice in her, even when she was difficult...
Outside, they walked along the embankment, the great walls of the Kremlin on the other side of the river imposing their bulk on their silence. Finally, she stopped, turned to him, and said, “Go on. Say what you want to say.”
“I don't know what to say.”
“Where to start, you mean?” She looked up into his face.
“Yes. All right. Where to start. I don't know.”
She folded her arms across her chest and stared at him. “I will wait for you to pick a spot.”
“How about back at the flat?”
“You think, sex will cure this? No.”
“I only half meant that,” he complained.
“Which half?”
“I just thought – not in public.”
“But as long as we were there – that's what you mean? No. Anyway there is no one around. And if there was some one, they wouldn't care. So go on. Get started, Daniel. I'm waiting.”
“All right.” He was getting angry, willed himself to calm down, and felt he was both failing, and flailing. “Your father. I didn't even know he existed.”
“No. So?'
“And I didn't know...couldn't know...that he was an expert in Berdyaev, and Marx, and all the other things he's an expert in.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“You heard him. He wouldn't let me.”
“And why?”
“I'm not going to tell you. Not yet. Maybe never.”
“Oh, terrific.”
“It is, isn't it?” She gave a hollow laugh. “The woman you are in love with has secrets. Are you sure you are still in love with her, Daniel?”
“Yes. Yes I am. But I am – scared of this.”
“That is understandable. In your place I would be scared too. Maybe this is a warning for you, not to get too close to me. Sex – yes, all right. I like it too. Talk – yes, that also is good: two heads really are better. Companionship. Yes, even that. We get on well. But love – perhaps not love, Daniel.”
“You think my rational mind can compel my emotions? I don't think so. You seem to think you can fall in love that way – think about it, then decide. I don't.”
She scoffed. “Are you so emotionally childish?”
“Yes.”
“I think – I think you are a nice man, Daniel. You are smart too, and I like the other things about you. But this – puppy love, is that how it is called? It's not a good thing.”
“We're not talking about my feelings. You are shifting everything around to make it about me, as if I was the problem. Maybe I am, but not in this. I didn't make you hide all these things from me, Nadya. And there is more too – isn't there? I can feel it.”
“Yes. There is more.” She unfolded her arms and began to walk away from him. He had to trot to catch up.
“How much more?”
“Don't ask foolish questions, Daniel.”
Suddenly he understood something. He stopped in his tracks, astonished at his thought, astonished at how he knew it was right, astonished at her. She kept walking for half a dozen paces before she realised he was no longer there, and turned around, looking cross.
“Dialectics!” He practically shouted it. “Berdyaev! Marx! You – you complicated, difficult, unbelievable woman!” He walked up to her and stared down at her angry face.
“He didn't forbid it. You asked him to say that, when I was in the study. It was your idea, because once I knew you had a father, I'd want to know about your mother, and you don't want me to know.”
She turned away from him.
“You didn't tell me about him because you didn't want me to ask that question – what happened to your mother. I don't know why you didn't want me to ask, but you didn't. He's there, she's not. She had the flat you live in and she's not in it. You kept me from him, even though he had the answers to lots of my questions, because of that. It's crazy, Nadya. What's the big idea?”
She turned back and shouted at him.
“Because I am ashamed!”
He flinched.
“Ashamed of what?”
“You wouldn't understand.”
“Try me.”
“No.”
“We're back at that then are we? Ok. Let's just forget all about it, Nadya.”
“What do you mean?” She looked hard at him.
“I mean – I go back to Manchester and you and Maxim go back to doing whatever it is you were doing before you brought me into your schemes.”
“You don't mean that – turning your back on all that money. Anyway you have signed a contract.”
“And you? Losing you?" he asked. "Is that what you mean? If you do, I've had love before and failed. It's nothing new. You might even say I'm an expert. The money – sure, it would be nice. But this is ridiculous, Nadya. It's like you are playing with me, giving me little bits of information, but holding back the crucial stuff - what is really important. I don't like it today, and I'm not going to like it any more tomorrow, or the day after. So let's call it off. Maxim will have to find someone else.”
He started to walk off, in the direction of the flat, half an hour away by foot, away from the river.
“Wait.” She ran behind him, caught up to him, and grabbed his arm. “Don't go, not yet.” She pulled him around so he had to look at her. “We can talk.”
“What about? How to manipulate Daniel, in three easy lessons - more if necessary?”
“You are mad at me. I'm sorry.”
“Disappointed is more like it. But a bit mad, yes.”
“Maybe – maybe sex is a good idea.” She smiled shyly at him.
“Now it's my turn. No. Nadya, let's finish it.” He shook off her hand and moved away.
“Daniel, please.”
He turned back.
“Talk to me then. Tell me what's going on. If you don't want to, I don't want to stay. I mean it, Nadya.”
“All right. I will tell you. But Daniel – this is hard for me. Please understand.”
“I'll try to understand. That's all. Let's go back to the flat and talk there. It's – it's unnerving, here on the street.”
“Hey!”
They both turned to see Filatov rushing down the pavement toward them, waving his arms.
“Hey!” he called out again as he drew near. “What luck!” He grinned as he pulled up to them, slightly out of breath. “I have been hoping to meet with you.”
He was dressed as usual, in his brown bomber jacket, grey slacks and expensive-looking brown leather shoes. The lank blonde hair fell over his forehead, askew from scurrying along the pavement after them.
“I was going to see a friend,” he said, grinning, “in the House on the Embankment, when I saw you. I had been at your flat and thought to go back there later.”
“And?” Daniel wasn't overjoyed to see the detective. “You want something from us?”
“No! No!” Filatov grinned. “I have some information for you. We have found Lermontov's wife. She was at their dacha, near Klin. She had gone there – after...”
“So it was she? She killed her husband?” Nadya wanted to know.
“Yes. She hanged herself, and left a note. Apparently he had been – dismissive of her. He won't be doing that again.” He laughed. “He seems to have been a very unpleasant man. None of the neighbours liked him, and from what they say, he mistreated her while keeping her under his thumb. His colleagues too – at the university – were uncomfortable around him. They said he was constantly scrounging, especially for food.”
“So,” Nadya said, “your case is closed. And the other one?”
“Ah, your colleague, in your flat. No, nothing yet. The Azeris...I will be seeing them soon, but they are difficult.”
“Bulov was hardly my colleague – I saw him only once,” Nadya growled.
“Yes, so you say.” Filatov grinned mischievously, glancing at Daniel as he spoke. “Anyway there is nothing more to add, but once I have seen these men from the South – perhaps there will be news.”
“They will confess to you? Those gangsters?”
Filatov laughed.
“No, of course not. I am looking for information, something tangible. They must answer questions and if the answers are not the right sort...”
“You are very confident.” Nadya was all but sneering at him.
“Yes – of course I am. I am a very good detective.” Filatov's chest puffed out like Cock Robin's.
“Certainly you are,” Daniel said hurriedly, to keep Nadya from having another go at him. “Please let us know if there are any developments.”
“Oh, I will be sure to do it,” Filatov said eagerly. “It will not be long.” He exaggeratedly shook Daniel's hand and made off, toward the House on the Embankment. When he was out of earshot, Nadya said, “Wait a moment.” She pulled her mobile out of her purse and speed-dialled a number. She spoke quickly in Russian, then rang off and put the mobile away.
“Now.” She smiled at him. “Let's go back to the flat and talk our problem out.”
Ten
She put her fingers in her mouth and then pressed their wetness in the thick dark bush of her sex. “Annhhh...” Her eyes were glazed as she knelt over him; she seemed to be intent on her pleasure and had forgotten him when suddenly she stopped and slid down the bed so she could take him into her mouth. It was his turn to moan; she was very expert. When he was so excited he thought he couldn't stand it even a second more, she let it flop out and looked up at him.
“Will you lick me, Daniel?” She didn't wait for him to answer but clambered up the bed, spread her legs and pressed herself against his upturned face. When his tongue lashed against her slickness she gave a little cry and began to push harder against him, moving her hips faster and faster, and finally swivelling them as she screamed and grabbed his short hair with her fingers, squeezing so hard he thought she might tear some out by the roots. Then slowly she relaxed her grip and fell back. She moved off and lay quietly beside him, not looking at him or speaking for a long time.
Finally she said, “Do you want me to please you? I have been greedy.”
“I'm fine thanks.” He stroked her hair.
“The tension – I needed to do something about it. Wait a moment please." She got up and left the room and he could hear her bustling about for a few minutes. When she returned she smiled. "No - no bugs. Now we can talk.”
“I really do think it is your turn, Nadya.”
She didn't look at him as she spoke. “My father and mother separated when I was very young – two. And he and I didn't see each other till I was an adult, and even then – not often. My mother came here, to this flat, and I grew up here with her. She taught advanced piano - masterclasses. That is why there are full length mirrors in the room with the piano - for students who would give concerts to watch themselves as they played. Yes, concert pianists have egos too - and need to perform physically as well as in their music. She also taught at a school but gave that up while I was still young.
“Of course I was interested in music as a result, though I was not much good at it myself. My fingers are not right, nor agile enough and my - my sense of music is purely internal; I could not express myself as my spirit willed. But I kept around music and musicians. When my mother retired I was already an adult, working for a dance company as a business manager – as you know I am an accountant. After the Soviet Union fell dance companies were among those hardest hit, and I went to Perm, a great centre of dance, to try to help the companies there. I have told you about this. Maxim read an article about me, and approached me. You have heard about this also.
“I had not heard from my mother for a long time. I would try to ring and there would be no reply. I thought she had perhaps gone to the country, to stay with friends at their dacha - she had no relatives but there were friends from her teaching days who invited her to stay, for months, at their country house. It was a crazy time; few people had the internet; the telephones were poor, and I was very busy. When I returned to Moscow to take up my new employment, I discovered that she had just disappeared.
“I opened the door to the flat and there was a young couple standing in the foyer. They told me that they had just bought the place from Maxim! They said they were deciding what to do about the junk, as they called the precious things in the flat - the paintings and books. Of course I was very shocked, and even more shocked when they asked me to leave immediately. I refused and rang Maxim." Her voice was low and tense.
“It was not as I would have believed," she went on. "He told me that one of his companies had bought a large number of flats as a package from another 'New Russian' like himself, and that my flat – this flat – was one of them! After the Soviet collapse people became owners of their flats, and many people sold as prices rose very sharply in districts like this. He asked for me to put the husband of the couple on the phone, who listened for a few minutes, hung up, and gestured to his wife. They left without speaking to me.
“Half an hour later Maxim was here. He was very apologetic. He had offered the couple a much nicer apartment in another district of the city, plus some money and of course they accepted immediately. He said he knew nothing about this flat. It was simply part of a package. He promised to help me find my mother. In the meantime, he would arrange for the title to be transferred back into my name. He did this”
Nadya's voice grew bitter.
“My mother never turned up. Gangsters were scouring the city, looking for old people living on their own, and when they found them, murdering them and taking the flats. There were many thousands of such cases, and my mother was one of them. She was not unusual.
“Maxim said that if he had realised he would never have entered into the deal, that he thought the previous owners of his package had been offered other flats plus a bonus. This did happen, as property in some districts of the city was more valuable in the new private market than in others.”
She turned to face him.
“Of course I was very upset and I still am. I am very ashamed that I didn't look after my mother better, didn't arrange for someone else to live with her, didn't...I don't know...”
She looked away again.
“One thing it did do was bring me closer to my father. Papa and I had been apart since I was little; the separation from my mother was very bitter and she wouldn't let me see him till I was an adult, and when I did this on my own, it was hard to see him frequently. He was in a different world anyway – a philosopher and a teacher of politics, though a love of music had brought them together in the first place. As I discovered when we came back together, he was very secretive. He never told anyone what he was thinking during the Soviet times. His thoughts were seditious, but he was one of the party's leading philosophers. He taught at the Higher Party School, where the party's most important leaders were trained in Marxist philosophy. The flat he lives in was a prize for his loyalty and service. That is why he stays there – his own sense of shame, and of hope. He likes to look out at the Kremlin and hope that he will see a free government in charge there. He hated the Soviet system, but I don't believe he thinks much of the present one.
“What you heard today – it is his hope for a better world. He taught me Marx, and Berdyaev – taught me the Russian Idea. What he said to you is not accurate, that I gave the Idea to him. He wanted to make me look better than I am. He agrees with Maxim about it and it is one reason why I am as  committed to this project as you call it as I am.”
She was silent for a minute. He didn't feel like saying anything, and she continued.
“I feel guilty – about everything. About my mother. About Papa. About working for Maxim, even though he has been very generous to me and has a decent heart – or I think so. I am never sure. New Russians as they are called – they don't climb to the top on ladders but over the bodies of their competitors, and not just their competitors: anyone who is in the way. Maxim is no different even if he is a scientist. I feel trapped by him – there is no way to test what he tells me, whether it is the truth or not. I have to accept it. He is a complicated man. I think he is sincere about wanting to change Russia, about the Russian Idea. But why is he sincere? Because of what he has to do. Like me, he feels guilty.
“Or that is what I think. But I don't know.
“Maxim's charity is very generous too – he gives away many millions of US dollars every year, and he agrees with my recommendations, about finding the right organisations to support. He has good ideas. They are never political, and the money he gives is never simply to support someone – there is an aim, a larger purpose. The support he gives - it is what economists call 'on the margin', so that the artists and musicians earn something themselves, and if they are talented, go on to become independent.”
She turned to him. “So. Now you know. It is true what you said - I didn't want to tell you about my father because I thought you would begin to ask about my mother again, more insistently, and I didn't want to tell you.. When you told me about your mother, it made me think...think that I perhaps could. And so I thought to introduce you to Papa, to see what you would do, what you would think. Then I became frightened of what I had done and when you met him, asked him not to tell you who he was. And if you guessed, to tell you it was all his idea about not seeing him earlier. He enjoyed trying to fool you - perhaps I get my secretiveness from him. Right now I am not sure if it was a mistake, or not.”
She stopped talking, and they were silent for a long time. Then Daniel asked - “Does Maxim know your father?”
“He knows he exists. I mention him sometimes. But he doesn't know about him unless he has chosen to find out. Maxim is as you know greedy for information. He is insecure unless he feels he knows everything about someone.”
“So he knew about me – about my mother.”
“I am certain. The report he showed you, and that I saw, would have been altered to remove references he did not want you to see - to realise how thoroughly he had investigated. You should not worry about this. He plans to spend a great deal of money on this project; he would not be a good businessman if he didn't investigate you, but he knows he goes too far, and would have concealed how far he likes to go.”
“You – Nadya. Are there more secrets? Or is this everything?”
“Yes of course there are more. I am a woman.”
“Things you are ashamed of?”
“Of course.”
“That I – that I might be angry to discover?”
“That depends on you, Daniel. There are things I would like you not to know, but if you know them, you may choose to accept them as part of me, as part of my past, or for other good reasons, as an adult should. Or you can be childish and angry. Many men are childish. You would not be alone in this.”
“Are these things about you, or about the Russian Idea project?”
“They are wrapped up in each other.”
“Nadya, you are being very difficult.”
“I am myself.”
“Is there anything else you want to tell me?”
“Why?”
“We are supposedly making up my mind about staying here, or going back to England. Isn't that right?”
“That is an unusual way of putting it.”
“It is a true way.”
She rolled over, and leaned on her elbows to look him in the eye. Then she leaned forward and kissed his lips, very softly, before pulling away.
“You may think it is a bit late to say this, that it is a trick. But I have decided about you, Daniel, in my way - by thinking about it. Yes, I love you. If you want to go back to England, go. But I wish you wouldn't. Even if the project doesn't work out, I would like to be with you. But we must keep with the project, for now.”
“I see. Wrapped up in each other, like that.”
“Yes.”
“It does seem quite suspicious, Nadya.”
“It does.”
Eleven
Maxim reminded Daniel of a lion in a cage as he paced up and down the carpet in his office, a Nike-clad lion with lion-sized trainers on his huge feet matching the blue and white athletic gear he seemed to wear as his normal kit. Daniel felt odd in his jeans and red checked sports shirt - too casual, or not casual enough? He couldn't tell. Nadya usually wore jeans and a blouse, sometimes with a cardigan if it was cool, as it was that day - not businesslike at all, but all business.
“There is so little time,” he muttered. “What is your plan? You say you can't have one till you investigate more – more angles, you say.”
“Yes,” Daniel agreed. “Time is pressing. I know this, Maxim. It won't take long – another week, I hope. At most – two. It's not quite accurate to say I don't have a plan; I do – an embryo plan. But it has to be consistent; everything that can be thought of has to be thought of, to be successful. And looked at in a personal way, to prevent you – and Nadya, and me  – from ridicule.”
“I expect ridicule,” Maxim snapped. “It doesn't matter.”
“Ridicule from some, certainly,” Daniel agreed. “It can't be helped. But it can be minimised. If we can get the project off to a good start, the ridicule will fall away as we succeed.”
“You will have a detailed plan?”
“Yes.”
“Going out how far?”
“I thought – for a joke, perhaps – five years, with a ten-year strategic vision.”
“Agreed. Nadya, you approve of all this delay?”
“Yes.” Nadya stood up and paced with him for a minute; it was almost comical, especially when she pulled off the light blue cardigan and folded it neatly over one arm as she walked.“We need to be certain, Maxim, or as certain as we can be, that the idea can withstand criticism, that it has a 'back story' as Daniel calls it, that the people Berdyaev talks about in his book, and the vision underlying everything, make sense, can be explained.
“Daniel is clever, Maxim," she went on.. "He understands these things. Give him the time he needs.”
“You just like the sex.” He glowered at her.
“I do like the sex,” she agreed with a smile. “But there will be plenty of time for more sex. It is not an excuse.”
She stopped and looked up at him.
“Be patient, Maxim. We are not so far away.”
“There are other things, Nadya.” He towered over her. “As there always are. My enemies are active; they are snapping at my heels. There are – a lot of balls to juggle while I am running to keep away from the curs. If I can get the Russian Idea into the public arena, they will have to back off a little. And it will be one less ball to keep in the air.”
“What will the Russian Idea do to keep your enemies off balance?” Daniel asked.
“Daniel, that is a good question. Unfortunately for you, I am not going to answer it. Just think that it is part of the strategy of my business, to help my business.” He stopped pacing and stood over Daniel. “The big question, the question for you, is to save Russia...to save Russia by saving the world, just as Berdyaev wanted. Of course this is far too grand a way of putting it, at least in public, but it is the idea underneath these cultural centres, and it is a good idea. If you think how this will help me to conduct business in Russia, and with companies outside Russia, you will be doing that part of my work very well.” He spun away, and resumed wearing out the carpet. His vast bulk, his meaty tread...he'd beaten a track in the pricey wool pile.
He spun round sharply and pointed a finger at Daniel.
“You think this is just about making more money, don't you?” He grinned. “Of course it is not. I like to breathe free air, the same as anyone else.
“But it is about making money too. What is the point of breathing free air if a man can not create wealth?” He spread his arms in a gesture of helplessness - an image of Christ as a beleaguered Croesus leapt into Daniel's mind. “Berdyaev...Dostoevsky...did not believe in wealth creation, you say," Maxim went on. "I don't agree. They believed in a better life, a better material life, for everyone. But they believed that it would only come to pass when men were generous with their spirit.
“Ask Nadya how much I give to worthy causes. It is not about feeling better about being rich. It is about helping my fellow creatures whose lives would otherwise be – what is the word? - impoverished. So do not preach at me, Daniel.”
“You are reading things into my attitude that aren't there, Maxim.”
“Am I?”
“I haven't said a word!”
Maxim smiled. “But you have said a thought, to yourself, haven't you?”
“No, not at all. It looks to me that you are feeling guilty about something, and you are trying to justify it. I don't judge you in your business, Maxim. You're a very rich man. You've got there – I don't know how. But you've got there. Now you do good works. If that's not enough, nothing's ever enough.”
“So you believe in the Russian Idea?” He almost looked incredulous.
“Yes, yes I do. If I didn't, I wouldn't be here. I've got principles too.”
Maxim looked at Nadya.
“Is this true?”
She nodded. He stared at Daniel for a moment, evidently astonished, before his face became a mask and then melted to a happy gaze.
“Good, good!” he beamed. “But then what is the delay? The difficulty? I don't really understand it.”
“There has to be a vision...a strategy...how to make it work,” Daniel explained. “It's one thing to have the Berdyaev vision, and another to have a vision for bringing that vision into view, if you like. It's about being effective. It's what I do, remember? Public relations. You want a big bang to start it all off, and I agree with that. It's a good idea. But the big bang has to make people talk about it, think about it, and then come to it. It can just as easily turn people off, and we have to be careful to avoid this. We can do it– at least I think we can – but the intelligentsia has to be – if not won over, neutralised, made to suspend judgment, and to have their interest aroused. They have to think, 'What is this about? I want to know more".. That's the problem, and it is a problem.”
“Why?”
“They will or will not come to the party.” Daniel got up and almost involuntarily began walking in Maxim's footsteps. He could see he was doing it but the pathway was there, and he used it. Maxim noticed too, and stepped aside with a smile.
“If they don't come at first, it won't ruin everything, but it will make it a lot harder. Bad press...bad talk at dinner parties... readers in the leftist and conservative papers...people won't come for a while then. We'll have a cultural centre without visitors. To get people in the doors, to get them reading and discussing and listening, you need to pry open their minds, to be receptive. If we can do that, we've got a chance.”
“A chance?” Maxim looked puzzled.
“You have to admit, Maxim, that at first sight this whole idea is bizarre. There will always be problems with it – cynics. But they are secondary to the basic plan. Get that off the ground, and I think we can deal with the rest.”
Daniel stopped pacing and sat down. Nadya looked at him with a question in her eyes.
“What?” he said to her.
“Nothing. Only...”
“Go on.”
“How will you get them talking? You seem to have an idea.”
“Half an idea.” He shrugged. “We have to get the offer consistent first. Then we can figure out the rest.”
Maxim rubbed his hands.
“I am much happier now, Daniel. You must hurry please – but you are focused, and I can see that now. It had seemed to me that perhaps you have – have been taking your time to stay longer in our lovely city.” He smiled at Nadya.
“If it works out, there will be plenty of opportunity to enjoy Moscow,” Daniel sniffed.
“And Nadya.” He beamed.
“That is up to her, but yes, it would be nice.”
“You have the time – again,” Maxim smiled. “But Daniel, really – you must go as fast as your can. My enemies are gathering.”
Twelve
“Daniel!”
He was tall and well-built, as if he did weights in the gym – as it turned out he did. He raced across the road waving as if he was an old friend, his short dark hair framing a wide grin and bright white, unnaturally straight teeth. As he ran up his blue eyes twinkled to match the muscles rippling under the tightly fitting blue T-shirt that bulged up from narrow hips encased in tight white jeans.
“I've been hoping to catch you!” he all but shouted. He stuck out his hand. “Mel – Mel Couch...yes like potato.” He laughed, loudly.
“You don't know...” he began, and then stopped himself. “Of course you don't!” he started again. “Lermontov – the one who was...” he stopped. “You know...” He flushed. “I really am not getting this at all right.”
“Mr...” Daniel began, casting a sidelong glance at Nadya.
“Mel!” the beefcake shouted. “Just call me Mel – everyone does, even my students. Listen! Let me give you my card.” He fished in the breast pocket of his T-shirt and flipped out a card. “It will tell you something. Anyway – the truth is, that when I heard from Lermontov what you were up to, I knew I had to come.”
Daniel looked at the card. Sure enough, “Mel Couch” and underneath, “Professor of Gender Politics, Blazon University, San Francisco.”
“How...?” Daniel tried again.
“You want to know!” Mel smiled. “Of course you do. Lermontov – Alexei, who was killed – he got on to me as soon as he heard about your project. I had to come," he repeated, "to see you, to tell you all about it.”
“About what?”
“About Dostoevsky and Berdyaev– and Marx too. Alexei was surprised you didn't know about them – about their bigotry and stupidity.”
“Ah.”
“People try to sweep it under the carpet, but it's coming out – just like it should.” Couch puffed up his chest and the T-shirt rippled.
“How did you know me? and how to find us?”
“You don't know the power of the internet, do you, Daniel?” Couch seemed beside himself with joy. “Have you never looked for yourself on Google images?”
“No.”
“You should. Very good likeness. And yeah - I knew from Alexei where you lived but didn't know which apartment, or her name," he said, nodding at Nadya. "So I've been waiting outside for you to appear. What we've got to talk about is that important. Hey! It's almost noon...let's have lunch!”
“I – I'm not sure,” Daniel started but Couch cut him off.
“Listen, buddy. I've come from the other side of the world to do this. You owe it to me.”
“Mr Couch.”
“Mel. Or professor.” The big man had suddenly got shirty, or aggressive – Daniel couldn't tell. "The point is, fella, that I'm the man you need to see, the one who can keep you from making a big mistake.”
“Yes?”
“So let's have lunch.”
Memories of Lermontov stuffing himself flooded into Daniel. Couch was gazing at him, with an insouciant, even mocking look on his face.
“Let's talk,” he countered. “We can go to Gorky Park.”
“I'm hungry,” Couch said in a surprisingly childish tone. He looked up and down the street - Pyatnitskaya. It occurred to Daniel that Lermontov had also boasted of his meal. Daniel was determined they wouldn't eat there.
“There are restaurants there – and kiosks. You can please yourself,” Daniel said. He looked hopefully at Nadya, who had been standing quietly next to him, watching this apparition from another world. She gave away – nothing.
Finally Couch said, “All right. Gorky Park. I've heard a lot about it.”
“Over-rated,” Daniel said truthfully. He had been with Nadya and been disappointed. "But there is a cafe down at the far end, right on the river -  you may like it. And plenty of choice before we get there.”
It was a fine day for late May, fresh and clear with a slight breeze. Daniel led the way along a broad concourse teeming with traffic to the park.
Across the boulevard from Gorky Park there is a gallery known as the New Tretyakov with a permanent exhibition of more modern Russian art, much of it politically incorrect during the Soviet era. As in an oblique comment a park with Soviet era statuary stands beside and behind the gallery. Despite Couch's protests at his hunger Nadya paid for them all to go through it. Busts of Lenin, Marx, and Stalin, along with Brezhnev and the founder of the terror police, Dzerzhinsky, are scattered around the park, along with responses to Soviet atrocities, in particular those of Stalin. A large statue of the dictator is surrounded by symbolic references to his countless victims. One bronze in particular was very striking - a seated man in a suit, his head thrown back, evidently suffering. "A member of the intelligentsia," Nadya explained. "You can tell by his clothing...his expression, as he would have been feeling in the Soviet times - unable to act, unable to be free, able only to suffer."
“Despite this there are still people in Russia who think the world of Stalin,” Daniel said. “It's unfathomable to me, like neo-Nazis in Germany.”
“At least Stalin's homophobia wasn't systematic like Hitler's,” Couch sniffed.
“No,” Nadya agreed, “he just killed people he didn't like – tens of millions of them.”
“Gender politics,” Daniel said tentatively. “It's been a long time since I was in university. It seems a rare specialty but your university has a department?”
“Yes,” Couch said in a dry tone, possibly smarting from Nadya's irony. “It is San Francisco, after all. There are two senior to me – a lesbian specialist and a transgender specialist.”
“And you are?” Nadya asked with the kind of politeness that somehow manages to be sarcastic. Couch at least affected not to notice.
“My field is homophobia, with a focus on history and literature, but I'm interested of course in what that means for today, and I write a lot about current affairs for various journals. This -” he waved at the statues of Lenin and Marx and the others, “this is all beside the point in gender studies. I'll tell you about it; that's why I'm here.”
They fell silent then, and made their way across the wide road through an underground passage to the huge gates that open to Russia's most famous people's recreation ground. As it was a weekday there weren't so many visitors but the park was an everyday centre for line skaters and a number were circling a fountain near the entrance.
“It's not what I expected,” Couch admitted. “I thought it would be more spectacular.”
“It is very large, which is what gives it the appeal,” Nadya said. “It runs along the river for at least a kilometre, and when it finishes, there is another, more natural area that runs even further. Moscow is very well served by large parks and reserves – out by the university is an immense forest, partly developed, and partly wild.
“Here,” she went on, “it's just expansive parkland. There's an amusement park with rides and   carnival attractions but it's being redeveloped and the old displays taken away. Otherwise there are small lakes for boating and restaurants and cafes and exhibition halls and that sort of thing. And oh, plenty of cyclists and line skaters...you have to watch out for them," she said as a group of skaters whizzed by. "They are not always steady on their feet."
“I thought it would be full of gigantic everything,” Couch smiled. “It's just normal, which is not bad. Wow, am I hungry. It's the workout, every morning, that makes me this way. Where is that cafe?”
They walked through the park right to the end, passing small lakes filled with paddle boats, mothers with prams and kids running around, skaters and cyclists. Couch peered at the offerings of the numerous snack kiosks, but nothing met his approval. Finally they came to the cafe near the back entrance to the park, a stylish wooden recent addition jutting out over the river, with good views up and downstream towards the Kremlin. Couch studied the menu posted at the gate, which was in Russian and English.
“Yeah, this will do. Steak – I need the protein.”
A waiter appeared and seemed to recognise something in Couch; Daniel suddenly realised he was eyeing the American and that the look was going both ways. The waiter, a young man in his twenties, well-built and darkly good-looking in his black and white waiter's suit, led them to a table that had a good view toward the Kremlin, and was private. He helped Nadya to sit, watched as Daniel and Couch slid into their booth-style seats, and managed to brush Couch's hand as he lay the menus on the table. Nadya spoke to him and he smiled and walked off.
“What did you say to him?” Couch demanded.
Nadya smirked at him.
“I told him you were an excellent lay.”
“You what?” Couch started to bluster but Nadya laughed at him. “I asked for menus in English, Mr Couch. You can do your own flirting. You don't need me.”
His face sagged. “You saw – and don't approve.”
It was Nadya's turn to bristle. “I don't approve or disapprove. I scarcely know you, and have no idea at all about what is acceptable in your society. Anyway,” she smiled. “the waiter doesn't seem to mind.”
Couch brightened. “That's great!” He grinned. “Maybe I'll snaffle a Russian.”
When the waiter returned to see if they were ready to order he scarcely looked at Couch till just as he was turning to head away, when he winked.
As soon as he had gone all three of them burst out laughing.
“That was a nice way of breaking the tension,” Couch said. “I'm sorry I was so forward – so aggressive – before. Being gay – it makes you hypersensitive to things, and I guess I over-react, even in advance. It matters a lot to me.”
“Understood,” Daniel said in what he hoped was a conciliatory manner. “Tell me, how did you know Alexei Lermontov?”
“At a conference – in Chicago – on gender politics in religion. He gave a paper and I sought him out, after.”
“Was he...?”
“Gay? He went both ways. He was married, but I don't think his wife knew. He was very secretive about a lot of things. Anyway we kept in touch and when he heard about your project, he thought I'd be interested. As of course I am. It took me a while to get leave and a visa, or I would have been here the next day.”
“You understand what the project is?” Daniel's heart was sinking. In the gay community he imagined the news was well and truly out. What had Lermontov said? There are no secrets, only rumours?
“Oh, yes.” Couch beamed. “Berdyaev – the Russian idea of Russia saving the world through  Orthodox Christianity and socialism, the supercharged mixture of Marxism and capitalism blended together by spirituality. It's very potent.”
“And you say – it's a great mistake.” Daniel made it a statement.
“You bet.” Couch had been distracted, fiddling with the menu. Apparently he'd decided and put it down and the waiter appeared almost instantly and asked if he was ready in flawless English.
Couch ordered – steak and salad “with a side of fries – I just feel like it today” as if it was a sin. Daniel and Nadya both ordered fish. Couch made a face when he heard.
“I should have ordered fish too,” he said. “But the protein, and the carbs...I work out, and need them.”
The waiter grinned and disappeared again.
“Where was I? Oh, yes, the mistake.” His voice lowered. “It's all sort of a big secret to the mainstream, but it's not a secret at all. It's just that we – we can't talk about it sensibly.”
“And that is?” Nadya asked innocently.
“Sex. Sexual preference. Gender.” Couch said matter of factly. "There's been a revolution in sexuality in the last generation, but mainstream thinking hasn't caught up with how that affects the rest of life. That's where the mistake is.
“So you go back, to the writers and thinkers of the past, and see how they address sexual preference, and you discover that they are almost to a man –  and seldom a woman I am sorry to say – bigoted. About gays.”
“And so?” Nadya kept up her innocent look.
“And so it ruins everything around it, this bigotry. You look at Berdyaev, and go back through  him to Dostoevsky, and you see a wilful prejudice against gays. This is without even discussing gays and Christianity. I'll show you.. And you go back through Berdyaev and Dostoevsky to their social activism, demands for social justice, and go from there to Marxist socialism, and you find the same thing. I'll show you that too. And there's a contradiction there – there has to be. Peace and love – but not when it comes to gays. They're rejected. That makes the whole premise false.”
“What does that mean?” Nadya really did look confused.
“That the argument is wrong,” Couch said in a too-patient voice. “It's like Kant, the categorical imperative he called it. You can only will something good for yourself if you will it for everyone. So if you will social justice for the poor, for say blacks and Hispanics and Asians, and women and children, but you exclude gays and lesbians and transgender and bisexual people, allow them to be persecuted like the Jews were persecuted, then social justice for the others isn't really social justice, and it will fail. The need to have an 'other', someone to hate, ruins the love. Do you understand now?”
“Yes, you explain it very well." Nadya smiled so falsely Daniel almost burst out laughing. "But how do Dostoevsky and Berdyaev and Marx fit into this?”
“You would think they wouldn't, and that's what makes it so interesting.” Couch leaned forward intently. “All these people were apostles of the universal solution. Isn't that why your project puts them forward, offers them up? Not Marx of course but Berdyaev's and even Dostoevsky's 'correction' of Marx, the spiritualisation of Marxist theory. They mounted vigorous attacks on the falseness of Christianity in their own time – it's the same now really – but failed to correct their own failings.”
“Ah.”
Couch scowled at Daniel. “That's all you have to say? 'Ah'?”
“Are you sure Berdyaev and Dostoevsky and the Marxists of that time were actively homophobic?” Daniel asked. “Not just ignorant?”
“Oh, yes, and I've got it chapter and verse so to speak. It's practically memorised, but you can go check things out for yourself, when I've finished.”
The waiter brought the food, extravagantly laying Couch's plate for him, and going all out to impress as he poured bottled water for them all. As he left he smirked at them.
“I rather think he would appreciate a number,” Daniel volunteered.
“Daniel!” Nadya protested.
“No, that's fine,' Couch murmured. “He would, and I've got one...I'll leave it with the tip. Where was I? Oh yes, Berdyaev and Dostoevsky, and after them, Marx and socialists. It's easiest to work it in that order. The proof...but first – I really am starving...”
After a few minutes of silent concentration on the plates in front of them, Couch picked up the conversation again.
“You could say that Berdyaev was typical of Christian thinkers taken at their most open-minded. He thought that love was only possible between people of opposite sexes because of the 'polarity' as he called it between male and female. Without the polarity, two people of the same sex couldn't dissolve themselves in the other. You can find this in Destiny of Man. Berdyaev didn't condemn homosexuals as evil as so many Christians do, taking their cue from some passages in the Old Testament. But he thinks homosexual love is unable to go beyond the self so can't be true love;  homosexuals as he sees it are trapped by their biology.
“That's just nonsense," Couch said leaning forward to press his point to Daniel. "Two men, or two women, can have deeply fulfilling and mutually rewarding love relationships. Berdyaev himself says that sexual love is not about procreation, so why shouldn't sexual love between two men or two women be as loving as sexual love between a man and a woman? He also says that love itself is not necessarily about sex, and that love can actually be a release from sexuality. If that's the case why can't a man love a man and a woman a woman? There isn't anything sensible about what he has to say, not really. He was just looking for a reason to be homophobic.”
“That's you saying that.”
“Yes. Of course.” Couch stopped to cut a bit of steak and chew it. “But it's the problem – don't you see? How can you say you're saving humanity when you rule out a defined group, an 'other' group, as being unable to participate? Given that you plan to base your project on Berdyaev, that should be enough to sink it," Couch chewed into his topic as vigorously as he did the meat. "But there is more. It gets worse with Dostoevsky. You probably know how linked Berdyaev and Dostoevsky are; Berdyaev says so himself.”
“Yes, he does and I've been pretty interested in the connection,” Daniel agreed.
“Well! You'll be familiar with Demons, Dostoevsky's strongest attack on Marxist socialism.”
“Yes, but...”
“Let me finish,” Couch said emphatically. “I've been waiting to say this; be patient please.”
“Carry on then,” Daniel said as mildly as he could manage. “I'll keep eating if you don't mind, but I'm all ears.”
“And so will I,” growled the American. “This is good.”
Between mouthfuls, he said, “Pyotr Verkhovensky, the embodiment of evil in Demons, is gay. Dostoevsky goes out of his way to show it, from the first scene where he appears. He is plainly in love with Stavrogin while in every respect is a man caught up in evil.
"Of course Dostoevsky doesn't explicitly show Pyotr as gay. It just wasn't done back then. It took another sixty or so years for a character in a published novel to be labelled as gay, in Dashiell Hammett's Maltese Falcon. But Dostoevsky, as the great writer he was, throws in a lot of clues. If I was alone in thinking this, you could dismiss my argument, but there are plenty of other serious critics - literary specialists - and writers well outside my field who say the same thing.
“Now – it is true that Dostoevsky's idea was that the demons of the title occupied people, and that they could leave, like those that left the madman and went into the Gadarene swine in the Bible. But it is hard to believe that Pyotr's evilness was not associated with his homosexuality. Put another way, every other aspect of his character was associated with evil; this must also have been.
"Pyotr is head over heels in love with Stavrogin, the nobleman he thinks will serve as a figurehead for his revolutionary movement. In a key scene in the book, Pyotr tries desperately to recruit Stavrogin to his cause, and when he fails to do it, makes concession after concession till finally he says he is willing to sacrifice all his followers for him, and even seems to suggest he would abandon all his plans for him. It is an extraordinary scene and can have only one meaning. When Stavrogin rejects him, he carries out his scheme.”
Couch smiled wolfishly, as if to say “gotcha”, as he chomped on another piece of steak.
“This leads to an interesting thread that leads to Marxism, and incorporates revolutionary politics generally. As you will probably know the key event in Demons was based on a real murder, organised by a man named Sergei Nechaev. Like Nechaev, Pyotr in Demons makes good his escape after cynically leaving his co-conspirators to face the music.
“Nechaev was if anything even worse than Pyotr. As a student, he circulated a petition calling for reforms at the college where he studied and a surprising number of students signed. Nechaev then turned them in to the authorities because he reasoned that a spell of exile in Siberia would 'toughen them up'.
“After escaping to Europe he teamed up with the anarchist Mikhail Bakunin in Switzerland and wrote his famous revolutionary catechism. Eventually he was caught spying on and stealing from the comrades in the circle around Bakunin, and the anarchist had to expel him from his group. But he wrote a letter to Nechaev that some think suggests they had a sexual relationship. In it he tells Nechaev that he loves him and calls him affectionate terms as he did when they were working together.
“It isn't known whether Dostoevsky knew something about Nechaev and Bakunin, or even had heard rumours. The trial of the murderers minus Nechaev was recorded stenographically and published in a government newspaper and he could have picked something up there, but I haven't been able to trace that.”
Couch paused for another mouthful before continuing.
“But there were other ways he could have heard about Nechaev's character. Or he could just have made it up. I haven't found any references to sex between men in his diaries or notebooks, apart from an opaque reference in his published Writer's Diary about teenagers in a kind of reform school and that could just have been about masturbation.
“You would think that his prison experiences would have involved at least seeing something. Prison life, like army life, promotes same-sex sex. But there is nothing in House of the Dead to show it.
“I'll spare you some of the details but the conclusion is that Dostoevsky was using Pyotr's sexuality as a marker for evil – and Pyotr is one of the most evil characters in literature. He ranks with Iago in Othello and any other of Shakespeare's blackest villains.
“Arguably,” Couch went on with a serious look, “Dostoevsky was using this because he had heard something about Nechaev, or because he knew about another real-world gay, Jean Baptiste von Schweitzer. Schweitzer was a successful labour organiser and the first Social Democrat, as socialists called themselves then, to be elected to a parliament in Europe.
“The gay rights movement split socialists and many were disgusted by homosexuality, Marx and Engels included – Engels especially. Engels poured scorn on von Schweitzer, and tried to get him run out of the movement, but Ferdinand Lasalle, the German labour movement leader, protected him, though Dostoevsky was unlikely to have known this. Later gay rights advocates who were part of the socialist movement, like Edward Carpenter, would also have been unknown to him.
“Still, Demons was about the 'infection', as Dostoevsky would have seen it, by western ideas that were swallowed whole without tasting as it were. He frequently complained not about the ideas themselves, but about their uncritical acceptance by Russian 'Westernisers'. To Dostoevsky homosexuality as politics would have been an abomination for precisely that reason.”
Couch finished speaking at the moment he finished eating, as if it was a performance. He looked at Daniel and Nadya with a question in his eyes. Daniel wondered if he should applaud.
Instead he said, “What do you think we should take from this – this thesis of yours?”
“Lermontov told me everything,” Couch said with a self-satisfied smirk. “He said that you plan to set up an international centre to promote Berdyaev and by extension Dostoevsky, as a way to harmony among peoples, I suppose you would say. That's right isn't it?”
“Something in that order, yes,” Daniel replied cautiously.
“Well, you can't do it, not really,” Couch sat up and looked very prim for a man of such athletic build. “It won't work. You might as well forget it.”
“You will have to explain yourself a bit,” Daniel urged gently.
“Oh! You don't get it! Well – what's going to happen when you launch your save the world plan and your centres get picketed by outraged LGBTs?”
“Pardon?”
“Oh. Lesbian gay bisexual transgender – LGBT. That's only the surface manifestation of the problem. The problem is as I said that you can't save the planet, save humanity, by cutting off even one little bit of it. You have to save all of it, or you end up in a descending spiral toward fascism. And that's what this is about, your idea. The protests will be there of course – but they are only a sign of the bankruptcy of the whole crazy idea at base.”
“I see.”
“Do you?”
“Actually, yes, I do. This has been very interesting, and will need some serious thinking. Do you think we could have lunch again in a few days? Maybe we could clarify things for ourselves a bit.”
Couch made a face.
“If you think you need to do it,” he scowled, “do it. But nothing will help.”
“No,” Daniel sighed, “perhaps it won't. But we'll think things over anyway, Nadya and I, just to be sure.”
The American reached for his wallet. “Let me get this,” he volunteered. “I want to make contact with the waiter anyway. Shall we meet here in – two days? One pm?”
Nadya went to the toilet as Couch waved the waiter over. He got the bill, wrote something on it, and folded a stiff wad of rouble notes into the leatherette wallet Russian restaurants use as a sop to privacy. The waiter took the bundle with a smile.
“Be seeing you,” Couch said amiably. “Nice to have a talk, don't you think? You English – always so reserved, so – deferential, even when you don't mean it. You'll be saving yourselves a lot of trouble, amigo.” Daniel grinned weakly as the American made his way toward the exit, and he supposed an assignation with the waiter.
Thirteen
“Well that was something,” Daniel muttered as they made their way out of the back entrance to the park. Nadya said nothing; she seemed to be waiting for Daniel to talk, but Daniel was thinking. They walked along the river till parkland running down to the road looked wild and unkempt, and took a pathway up the bank. At the top they came to a small plastered block Renaissance-style building facing away from the river painted in the pastel hues favoured by Italianate architecture in Russia, with a small ornamental garden and benches in front of it.
“This used to be a club for chess players,” Nadya said. “When I was young, I came here. I don't know if they still play.”
On the bench next to theirs a young woman sent text messages with her mobile telephone while her toddler played with a plastic truck on the roughly paved pathway.
Finally Nadya said, “So?”
“So what? We'll meet him again, and I'll answer him fully.”
“You take him seriously?”
“Yes and no,” Daniel said. “He's a danger for several reasons, but I don't think we'll be losing any sleep if he organises a big demonstration outside the centre – more likely we'll be partying inside.”
“I don't understand.”
“To most people, movements like the one Mr Couch talked about are extreme. It doesn't matter whether they are right or wrong, but whatever they protest about gets a good chance to put its case.
“And we will, if it comes to that," he said. "But I think that our Mel should be mollified when he hears what I have to say.”
“Yes? How so?”
“On his basic point, he's right, or I imagine he is right. Berdyaev was talking through his hat in Destiny of Man, and Dostoevsky probably was a homophobe, just as he definitely was anti-Semitic. But any sensitive reading of either man shows him to be openly frail. Berdyaev talks of the Bible as a document written by people under the belief they were writing God's word, but they were men, not God, and prone to error. Berdyaev implies if he doesn't actually say so that he also is prone to error as a man of his own time. And Dostoevsky openly mocked his own views, inviting readers to join in the scorn. These were people who had genuine humility, who accepted and even proclaimed their weaknesses and failings. We can say this, acknowledge the Couch thesis, and welcome everyone into the big tent erected over the Russian Idea.”
“Won't that mean that all the ideas are open to criticism and challenge?”
“Of course. They always are. Naturally we won't be thinking that much really needs to change. The basic premise of the Russian Idea is a transformation of human society through a programme of men and women bound together by their spirits, even though they are otherwise completely unlike.   You either accept that, or you don't. It can't be disproven; it just is.
“Berdyaev mounts a powerful critique of Christianity as it is generally practised," Daniel continued. "He is not an easy Christian, as we've already heard from Father Mikhail. It is really easier to accept an inclusive approach than it is to try to justify excluding anyone.”
He smiled. “So I think we will surprise Mr Professor Mel Couch when we next meet.”
There was a shout from the bank below, and both of them looked down.
“I don't believe it!” they both exclaimed as Filatov pushed up to their level, puffing from the climb.
Fourteen
“I saw you on the road,” he heaved as he caught his breath. “It is nothing sinister. I have been looking for you – it is important.”
“A feeble story,” Nadya shot at him. “You have been following us.”
“No! I assure you! Nadya – that is very wrong. Listen – I have had information, about the Azeri gang. They are the ones responsible for your mother's disappearance. Maximov – Maxim, your employer – bought your flat from a front company of theirs. He didn't realise who he was dealing with.”
“So!” Nadya's face twisted. “You will arrest them then.”
“No – at least not yet, not for that. I have only circumstantial proof – nothing that will get a result, in court.” He had caught his breath, and sat down on the bench, next to Daniel. “There is more. They plan – they plan to kill you two, to show Maximov that he should sell his factories to them. You must beware.”
“How do you know this?”
“A rival gang has an informer in the group. He told us. It gives me the opportunity to visit them and demand some answers, not that they will give them. But visiting them – it will tell them we know their plans, and that should make you safe. For now however, you must be careful – stay at home till you are told.”
“This may be difficult.”
“You must do it.” Filatov glanced at the boy, who was pushing his truck along the broken concrete. “If only life were so simple, as it is for him.”
“Life has never been simple for you,” Nadya snapped. “The more complicated, the better.”
He smiled. “Yes, that is true. Always more involved. That is why I am a policeman – why I like police work. But it is Russian too, don't you think? To enjoy looking at things, and then turning them inside out.”
“There is something in that,” Daniel said.
“Yes you will know this.” Filatov smiled. “Your Berdyaev.”
“Yes, my Berdyaev. Thank you for the warning,” Daniel went on. “Do you mean we must go back, now?”
“Yes. I will take you. It is best.”
“We need to meet someone – in a few days. It is important.”
“Let me know – we will arrange it. Now – please. You are in danger – I have been looking everywhere...”
Fifteen
“Do you trust Filatov, Nadya?”
She looked up from her laptop. They were sitting in the tiny kitchen in the flat, where Nadya often worked at what Daniel called her day job as the manager of Maxim's charity.
“Why do you ask this question, Daniel?”
“I don't know really. He is a policeman after all. But finding us in the park – that seemed just a little too convenient. He always seems to happen upon us, as if by magic, but it just can't be.”
“I think you should understand that Filatov may be watching us, Daniel. He will have his reasons. As you know I scan the flat and the car, and my things too for surveillance devices including GPS sensors. But if he wants to, he can always secrete one in the car. I find one almost every week – but I think it is Maxim. Perhaps they collaborate, Filatov and Maxim.”
“Why would they do that?”
“Filatov can persuade Maxim that it is in his interest to co-operate with the police in this way. Maxim would find it hard to disagree. The police here – if they wish they can make life very unpleasant, even for an oligarch so wealthy and powerful as Maxim.”
“You would think he would be too rich to touch with all the influence his money can buy.”
“It depends. Rivals can also buy influence. What most oligarchs do, I think, is spend what they need to spend to be left alone. They will also co-operate for the same reason, and Maxim likes very much to be left alone. His empire is very large, and takes a lot of time to manage. What might appear from the outside to be easily resisted Maxim can find easy to agree to do.”
“Ah.”
“Anyway, Daniel – this gives you the opportunity to work on your strategy. It should be almost complete, ready to present to Maxim.”
“Yes, it is getting there. You know, I think Mel Couch's visit was actually very useful. It helped me to focus on what was important, and work out how to do some things that had been troubling me. Couch won't be happy maybe, but what he would call his intervention has been very positive.”
“You didn't find him – oppressive?”
“Well, yes. He's a fanatic and won't hear anything but his own voice. But he is very well-informed on his subject even if he is one-eyed about it. His argument requires an answer. He'll get one.”
A banging on the landing outside the flat interrupted them. Nadya jumped up. “No – you wait here.” She dashed out but Daniel, who could see her enter the foyer of the flat cautiously, crept along the short hallway past the bedroom to peek around the corner.
Nadya was on the far side of the foyer, sneaking up to the door. She waited – no more noise – and then pressed her eye against the spyhole cut into the padded leatherette.
She shouted something in Russian as she threw open the door to reveal Filatov standing at the threshold with an automatic pistol in his hand. He was staring down at a big man with a bullet-shaped head whose hair was cropped tight and whose neck bulged down into a thick torso covered with a T-shirt. Blood stained the shirt and had spilled onto the landing.
“You -” Nadya shouted.
“Yes, me!” Filatov shouted back..He waved his pistol at the corpse. “The Azeri! This one was on his way to kill you...the others are dead – not that he knew." He calmed down a bit, and said in a forceful but measured voice: "Their rivals got them – all but this one. It was just chance – he had left already. But he had to wait to get into the building – I was just in time.” Filatov bent down and picked up a submachine gun and waved it at Nadya. “You see?”
Faces from the flat opposite gaped through a crack in the door. Filatov turned around and brandished his pistol and said something in Russian – get back inside. The door swung silently shut...
Filatov got on his mobile phone, grunted something, and turned his attention back to Nadya.
“Now,” he said. “You can go back to what you were doing. Close the door and leave everything to the police. When you see no one here, you will know it is safe to go out again. Now go – please leave the police to do police work.”
Nadya quietly closed the door. She peered through the peep hole for a moment, then turned away. Her face was white and she was trembling.
Daniel went to her, took her in his arms. She pulled away.
“No, Daniel. Leave me. I need to be alone.” She stormed into the piano room and slammed the door.
Sixteen
“Wow!” Daniel passed the newspaper to Nadya. “Eight of them, plus the one outside the flat.”
“Just like the Mafia,” Nadya sniffed, glancing at the gruesome photos on the front page before scanning the story. She had recovered from the trauma of the previous day and was her taciturn self again. “In every way. It is awful. But it is good we are safe now – today is our date with this American creature. Are you ready for him?”
“I'm pretty much ready full stop. First the amazing Mr Couch, then Maxim.” Daniel looked at the paper upside down. “We are safe, you think? There won't be more of them?”
“No, there won't be more of them. Even if there were, they would be in hiding. We will be ok.”
"They've all been different," Daniel said, "but they've still be around us, as if someone is against the Russian Idea seeing the light of day. It's silly to think that, but..."
She stopped reading and looked up. “Yes, it is a silly idea," she agreed. "No one..."
"But Maxim wants it kept quiet."
"I think that is just his nature, and his desire to have a big bang, as you call it," Nadya said. "It is not so important, not really, except that he has insisted on it. You are ready for Maxim?"
“Yes the past two days, apart from interruptions, I've worked it out, how it can be done. It wasn't rocket science but it needed to be put into a kind of – of symmetry. Otherwise more serious Mel Couches would appear everywhere, and without warning, just as he did.”
“You sound almost as if you like him.”
“Do I?”
“Yes.” She grinned. “You aren't attracted to him?”
“You mean sexually?” He laughed. “No, I'm afraid I am vigorously heterosexual. He's not bad looking and very fit. Maybe you...?”
“The outside is unimportant to me, Daniel, unless it is very extreme. It is what is inside that matters. Inside this Couch lives a monster.”
Daniel chose to ignore the remark.
“What you say about the inside generally is true, naturally, but even if it wasn't I'd still love you, Nadya. You are a very beautiful woman.”
“Only in your eyes.”
“Others think so. I can see the way Filatov for example looks at you.”
“Can you?” Her face went blank.
"Yes - and Maxim sometimes too."
"Maxim has one of the most voluptuous women in Russia for a wife, who is also very intelligent. He has no need of me. You are - leaping to delusions."
She folded the newspaper so the gangster story was out of sight, stood up and put it on a shelf above the table. “We must leave in five minutes,” she said in a flat voice. “The metro is not an option for Park Kultury - Gorky Park. We will need to walk as we did last time. It is not so far.”
Couch was waiting for them outside the restaurant. He was plainly nervous and was pacing up and down before he saw them. Then he brightened and seemed more calm.
“Hi!” he waved at them as they got near. He shook both their hands. “I was afraid you would decide not to come.”
“Wouldn't miss it,” Daniel said truthfully. “Shall we go in? Or would you prefer somewhere else?”
The American laughed. “You think perhaps my ah, assignation didn't work out. That's sensitive and thoughtful of you, Daniel. As a matter of fact, it did. Andrei and I...well, let's say we see eye to eye about a lot of things. I'm really very hopeful about this relationship. He's there, and will give us excellent service.”
Swallowing the urge to make a joke about servicing, Daniel followed Nadya and Couch into the cafe. The waiter was obviously primed, and led them to a quiet booth with a good view up river, away from the Kremlin. It was a fine day, a million twinkles from the sun's reflection splashing up from the ripples on the water.
The waiter - “Andrei” - was a marvel of grace and discretion. He seemed to know exactly when to appear, and when not to appear. Daniel was impressed. After they'd ordered, Couch said, “I was a – a bit off-key the other day with my manners. I guess I was too wound up. So sorry, ok? I'll try to behave.”
“Accepted.” Daniel saw Nadya smouldering anyway...well, the Yank was trying.
“Actually, Mel, I've been looking forward to this meeting. The other day you helped a lot, though to be honest not necessarily in the way you might have wanted.” Couch started to speak, but Daniel held up his hand. “I heard you out, now you hear me, all right?” Clearly nettled, Couch nodded, tense anew.
“You've forced us - me mainly, but us - to think through everything about this project. You perhaps will not be surprised that there were plenty of loose ends, things we weren't sure about, that are now tidied up and made presentable, you might say, ready to greet the public.
“Part of the reason for that is that you are quite clearly right about Berdyaev, and presumably right about Dostoevsky. There can't be much doubt about it.
“But the conclusion you want me to draw from this is – well, it's not just convenient for me to say this, so let me say that if that conclusion were right, the only one logically possible, we'd be here to congratulate you. As you say, you would have saved a lot of people a lot of trouble – including all those who would have been marching on the streets in protest at an unjust philosophy posing as the answer to mankind's problems.
“But Mel – it's not the only conclusion to draw. Berdyaev's homophobia is as you say only a mask of an argument. I've looked again at the relevant section of Destiny of Man. It is really just a prejudice, and it is not a problem for the project to say so. In one of his books Berdyaev says the Bible was made by men only under the impression they were writing God's will and God's word. The text itself is prone to error, a product of its time, inspired rather than divinely inspired, and I'd say especially prone to error when it comes to sexuality. Seen historically, the need to have plenty of children was arguably behind the Old Testament portrayal of homosexuality as evil. Today there is no such pressure and accordingly saner heads may prevail. Just so, Berdyaev has to be taken in the context of his writing, and when he was writing, and his erroneous footnote in Destiny of Man can be safely disregarded. The Russian Idea is, just like you say it has to be, a big tent. Everyone is invited.
“What goes for Berdyaev goes even more for Dostoevsky. He was a great writer, but had flawed vision – incredibly astute and penetrating in some ways, awful in others. He was more complicated than many give him credit for, and was not the Slavophile some people believe. He saw the virtues of economic development, just as he saw and championed the might of the Russian Idea. But he was an anti-Semite – not so vitriolic as say Celine, the French writer, but an anti-Semite all the same. And we have to acknowledge that and account for it. The project won't be tolerating anti-Semitism.
“So that's a long answer to you. The short one is that we are grateful for your intervention - isn't that what academics call it these days? It's helped us clarify our thinking and make the project more robust. But we won't be abandoning the plan.”
Daniel smiled.
“There. I'm finished.” Just then Andrei brought the food. Couch had started to speak, but bit his tongue while his boyfriend was serving them. When they had begun to eat, he said, “I suppose you think that will call me off.”
“That's your decision, Mel. We – I - think that you have no reason to complain, not really. In the supporting material for the project launch, I'd like to put the argument as I've just done now, and to thank you for challenging on this issue. It's important; it matters.”
“I need to think.” Couch buried his face in his plate and concentrated on chewing with his mouth closed for a while.
Then - “I don't think so. You can't handle the heat, so you're trying to – to recuperate it, as the Situationists say. I don't think you'll find our people so forgiving as you must have hoped. It's homophobic, and no amount of genteel, well-phrased window dressing is going to help.”
Nadya stared at him.
“You have lost the argument,” she scolded. “I have no opinion about this homophobia you speak of, but I can see – you have lost. But you will not agree. It is shameful.”
“I have not lost!” he nearly shouted. He caught Andrei's eye, looking on from twenty paces, and lowered his voice.
“You don't get it,” he hissed. “The point is that gender is primary; if there is gender prejudice it ripples through the whole structure of the argument. If you can't accept that, you're done. See you on the barricades.”
“You're saying that almost everything written before say 1960, and everything thought even, is valueless,” Daniel objected.
“Pretty nearly,” Couch grinned. “Plato's dialogues stand out as an exception. Read his Symposium – but not only that. A lot of his work is homophilic. Later he fell prey to some kind of pressure, and repudiated it in his last book. But the rest still stands – a magnificent rebuke of everything else for the next two thousand, five hundred years.”
“I have read the Symposium,” Daniel said. “I thought Plato was saying that real love goes beyond sex, even leaves it behind.”
“That's true,” Couch agreed. “But the dialogue treats homosexual love as normal – as quite a number of his other dialogues also do. You won't find that in any other major writer till our time, apart from Shakespeare's sonnets. And look at the writhing and wriggling of the academic class over those! Bah!”
“What do you think the sonnets meant for the interpretation of the plays?” Daniel was cursing himself, feeling he was being drawn on by Couch's superior attitude.
“The plays must necessarily be interpreted in the light of them,” Couch said equably. “A few have tried but they get screwed by the Bardolatrist establishment. The problem with Shakespeare is that he was pretty much alone, at least among the big names of his generation, in writing openly about homoeroticism. None other seems to have been so flagrantly homophilic. Usually it was between the lines. There is a big argument among gender scholars about this – whether the Renaissance was socially more open about homosexuality, whether the elites of the Renaissance were aping the Greeks, especially Plato, or whether they were really just unconscious of the homoerotic overtones of their language and philosophy - whether Shakespeare was an exception or the courageous rule. Marsilio Ficino, who translated the Symposium from Greek to Latin during the Renaissance, wrote a copy cat version using people he knew as characters in the dialogue, but left out any references to homosexual love. So it can be thought of in different ways.
“Anyway,” he said primly, “all that's by the by. The point is that you have had your chance, and you've blown it.” He put his knife and fork down and nodded to Andrei who came scurrying over. He stood up. “Don't mind me – take your time and finish. Like I said, see you on the barricades.”
Andrei rushed over to clear away his dishes. He looked at Daniel and to his surprise winked, then said something to Nadya in Russian.
“What did he say?” Daniel asked when the waiter was out of earshot.
“He said the American would grow out of it. He must have been listening.”
“He was too far away...wait...” Daniel poked his hand into the bunch of plastic flowers on the table. Sure enough, there was a small microphone set in it.
“He was listening. It seems Russians love to eavesdrop, though this was surely for Mel Couch's benefit. He'll have been recording it, to reveal us in all our moral depravity, though I doubt if he'll get much airplay with it..” Daniel was tempted to rip the microphone off its transmitter base but instead replaced it. “Let them listen to the rest.”
“Yes, we have got into the habit from Soviet times, when eavesdropping was one of the most popular activities of the state,” Nadya smiled. "Nearly everyone would love to do it, even those who disapprove. I think it is a natural human emotion, distorted by our history. It becomes an obsession with some people - like Maxim.”
“And Couch. He seems very dogmatic.”
“Like his friend said,” Nadya grinned, “he will grow out of it. In the meantime he will be angry. I think he was hoping for a great success he could trumpet to the world. A small success was not enough.”
“From trumpet to kazoo.”
“I don't understand.”
“A kazoo a toy instrument, meant to imitate a trumpet. You can play it but you are not likely to find it in an orchestra.”
“Oh. Shall we go?”
Outside he said, “Anyway it's done now. When you want, we can go see Maxim.”
“You are sure? Have you written it down?” Nadya looked at him suspiciously.
“Not yet, but it won't take long. Any good strategy paper is short.”
“How about tomorrow? He is very anxious, as you know.”
Seventeen
Maxim flicked through the strategy paper, as if he read each of the five pages in a few seconds. He started to say something, stopped, and then flicked through it again.
“Hmmm.” He skimmed through again. “And you have spent all this time working this out?” He looked very austere, even angry, despite the casual gym-style clothing.
“Yes.”
Suddenly he laughed.
“I am playing with you, Daniel. It is just what I wanted. With the money you have, you should be able to create a very effective movement.”
“Thank you." Daniel wasn't sure if Maxim was putting it on, or not, but decided it didn't matter - it was his money, after all, so he would take it as a compliment."Well, we are lucky in a way," he said. "Most of Berdyaev's works are in print in English now, so we can set up a library easily enough, or the basis of one, with his books and Dostoevsky's and a few of the others, like Soloviov. And there will be plenty of takers for Russian language courses and cultural events. As you can see we plan lots of concerts featuring Russian music by by composers who fit into the Russian Idea like Sofia Gubaidulina. Those are meant to make a profit for the most part, but if they don't, for a while anyway, it won't matter. With the capital you've put into it there will be enough interest income to keep it solvent despite big losses, especially in the first couple of years.”
“And all these activities will point to the Russian Idea?”
“Yes, of course. Naturally there is no point in trying to beat it into people's heads. You have to be gentle. But everywhere and always, open and forthright about what it is about. Once things are up and running, and successful, more activities can be slotted into it. Travel is an important one. It will be easy and profitable to organise. Travel professionals will be keen to be involved.”
“You want to start in Manchester" Maxim asked. "Why not London? Is it just because you are from Manchester?”
“Partly," Daniel admitted. "I know the city, have the contacts. It's also cheaper to lease premises, smaller so people will find the centre more easily, and it allows us to make mistakes, to refine the approach to be sure it works. When we open in London, we have to make a big splash and it is likely to set us back a fortune - it's a very expensive city. In Manchester we can make a big splash for a fraction of the cost, and we can use our experience and our success there as a launching pad for London. We may go for Glasgow and Edinburgh and a few other cities too first. It depends on our experience in Manchester.”
“Mmmmn.” Maxim spun round in his chair and stared out toward the Lenin Hills. “And you will start – when?”
“We'll hit the ground running, right after the launch here. You're going to handle that, right?”
“Yes – all the arrangements will be made by my people here. Many of them have already been done. We will hold it in three days.”
“That soon? You're sure?”
“Yes. Too much has leaked out anyway, as you know. We need surprise. My people here – they have all the contacts and can produce a room full of journalists. Just because it is Maxim Maximov they will come. I do not appear in public often.”
“Will you need coaching? You're going to be the centre of attraction, and should do most of the talking...”
“We will have a run-through,” Maxim confirmed. “With a speech based on this.” He waved the strategy paper. “It is good.”
“I'd rather not give a speech, or have Nadya give one," Daniel said. "We will be available for one on one interviews afterwards.”
“Yes, that is good also.” Maxim smiled. “I have to say, Daniel, that you are much better than I had thought when we approached you. Public relations – to me it was not a real profession. But you have proved me wrong.”
“Thank you.”
“After – when everything is working – I will come to Britain to see.”
“Of course.”
“But Daniel – do not mistake. You have a free hand – but I am watching, always.” Maxim looked very stern.
“Of course,” Daniel said again.
The big man looked at his watch. “Now – I have Russian business, much less interesting than Russian Idea business. You will have to excuse me. But Daniel, I am very pleased.”
As they were about to leave, Maxim called Nadya back. “Wait outside, Daniel; it will only be a minute.”
When Nadya rejoined him, she looked nettled.
“What was it? What did he want?”
“When we are in the open air, Daniel.”
They walked in silence toward the car, parked in a side street near the tower block housing Maxim's office.
“Maxim can make me very angry,” Nadya suddenly said through gritted teeth.
“Yes, I can imagine,” Daniel clucked in sympathy. “What this time?”
“He wanted to know if I would marry you – if you agreed of course.”
“Ah. And what did you tell him?”
“I told him it was too early to think of such things.”
Daniel laughed. “You are such a careful woman, Nadya. Of course you are right, but I have a feeling that the time will come.”
“Perhaps. I want to keep our relationship simple, Daniel. We are doing well, as lovers, as friends, as colleagues. All these things matter. To decide to marry would – would complicate things, a great deal.”
“If that's how you feel, let's not make things difficult when they needn't be. We have a lot to think about and to do.” He took her hand, wondering if this mysterious woman would dislike such a public display of affection. She squeezed and held on...no, she liked it.
“I would like to see Papa,” she said suddenly. “Let's go that way – to the House on the Embankment. There is something I would like to ask him. And anyway, he should be told of our progress.”
It wasn't a great deal out of the way except as Nadya drove it, weaving through back streets from the far side of town to avoid the traffic. In the end she had to detour to get over the river and they parked near the Tretyakov gallery, midway between the flat on Pyatnitskaya and the House on the Embankment. To get there they needed to cross the "Lushkov" bridge filled with metal “trees” of newlyweds' locks.
“If we got married we would have to do that,” he joked as they crossed the arched bridge amid a swelter of newlyweds posing by the metal trees and their bizarre fruits..
“Ugh.”
“I know. In a way, I like it – showing your commitment along with thousands of others. But in another way, it seems tasteless.”
“I see only the tasteless,” Nadya sniffed.
They crossed through the park on the other side of the bridge and made their way into the vast complex as the sun was moving away toward the horizon. The late afternoon air struck up a chill in  the gloomy carparks to the entry to her father's block.
“It would be hard to live here, even though the interiors are roomy,” Nadya said as she pushed through the heavy door leading to her father's passage. "It is too depressing, even without the history..." A single dim bulb lit the hallway and they all but groped their way to the door of the apartment. Nadya pushed the bell; they waited. She looked at Daniel. “I don't know...” she said. “He never goes out.” She rang again. Nothing.
“I have the keys.” She fished around in her handbag to come up with two strange-looking keys attached to a ring, and opened the door.
“Wait,” she said. “I will come for you.”
Daniel's foreboding stepped in.
"Not this time, Nadya," he said as he followed her into the flat.
The ballroom was empty, the plastic chairs stacked on top of one another in a corner, the wooden box set next to them. Daniel had to trot to keep up as Nadya dashed across the parquet floor to the study door. She flung it open and with a wild cry leapt toward her father's desk at the far end of the room.
The old man was slumped at his desk, incongruous in a suit. Nadya rushed to him and with a scream started to shake him. Daniel grabbed her, pulled her away.
"No!" she shouted. "No!" Daniel tried to hold her but she pulled away and took her father by the shoulders again and shook him. "Papa! Papa!"
Daniel yanked her off. She struggled and he pushed her against a bookcase. Dostoevsky's collected works tumbled out around them.
"Nadya!" he shouted at her. "Stop it!"
"Ahhhhhhhhh!" Nadya threw herself onto the bare floor and began to pound it with her fists. Daniel looked at her for a moment before kneeling beside her and stroking her back. She cried out, then began to pull herself together. The howls subsided to cries and finally a whimper. She'd dropped her bag when she had entered the room and Daniel stood up and retrieved it, fossicking around for some tissues. He knelt beside her again and handed her one. She snatched it out of his hand and dabbed at her nose for a minute before sitting up.
"My bag." He handed it to her and she pulled out her mobile and speed dialled a number. She spoke rapidly when someone answered, then shoved the mobile back in the bag, and stood up.
She looked at her father, slumped over his desk. Her face twisted and she began to cry again. Daniel took her and forcibly turned her around and pointed her at the door.
"Go," he said. "We'll wait out there for the police." She nodded and went out.
Daniel crept up close enough to her father  to see that the dark of the suit was stained with blood; closer and he could see a congealed pool by his feet, under the desk.
A book was open in front of him. It was Berdyaev's Meaning of the creative act. Daniel stole away.
Nadya was waiting in the flat's entrance hall, dabbing at her face with a tissue.
“I've rung the police,” she said. “Filatov...he will be here soon. Oh, Daniel, I told him not to open the door to strangers.” She turned away from him as she spoke in a low voice. “We had such a terrible time. We were apart for so many years, and I never made it up to him, never did enough...”
“Stop this nonsense,” Daniel said. “He loved you; he was grateful you were in his life. I could see it. Anyone could see it.”
She did stop. She stared at him, wide-eyed, the stains from the tears creasing her cheeks. “Yes, you are right. We had a good relationship, and it was not easy to have a good relationship with him. He was difficult sometimes and I was - am - too.” She turned away, dabbing at her face with a tissue...
When Daniel opened the door after a knock, Filatov walked through almost without acknowledging him, but fetched up beside Nadya, speaking rapidly in Russian. She replied, and he went through into the flat, coming back after a few minutes.
“The Azeris must have taken him, first – before coming for you,” he said in English. “He has been dead several days."
Daniel opened to his mouth to speak, but thought better of it and shut it again.
“You can go,” Filatov said. “There is no need for you to stay. Forensic specialists will be here soon and you will be in the way. I will – will contact you when there is news.”
Nadya nodded and they left, walking silently out of the gloomy complex to stand by the river, not speaking for a long time.
“Nadya...” Daniel finally summoned up the courage.
“Be quiet, Daniel.” Nadya didn't look at him. “I need to think. This is important – for both of us.”
“Then we should both be thinking,” Daniel argued. “If it is important to me I should know what is going on. I don't understand.”
“One day,” she said, still looking away. “One day everything will be clear.”
“It was – it was arranged,” he said, not able to contain himself. “The book – it was deliberate. It was put there. He wasn't reading it...”
“Be quiet,” Nadya repeated.
“Those gangsters – they wouldn't know enough to do that. Someone who knows about the project and is against it - someone who is against the Russian Idea, is doing this.”
“You are not listening to me,” she said. She turned and looked at him coldly. “Let's go. I want to be home.”
They walked to the car and drove in silence back to the flat. It was getting dark and the street lights came on with a flourish as they came down Pyatnitskaya. Shadows flew off the pastel paints of the older buildings to make the BMW seem to be stealing into the courtyard of the block. The fading day was muffled, still.
When they were finally in the flat Nadya went into the bedroom and shut the door. Daniel turned on the coffee machine in the kitchen. sat down at the small table and pulled open Nadya's laptop, to write something – anything – thought better of it, and closed it. He went into the bedroom and stood over Nadya, who was curled up into a tiny ball.
“I'm sorry,” he said. “I don't know what to do.”
“It's all too much,” she said, almost as if he hadn't spoken. “It's become too complicated, too difficult to understand. Leave me alone, Daniel.”
“No.” He sat down next to her on the bed, and stroked her leg. She pushed his hand away and sat up.
“Daniel, you are too good. You don't deserve what is happening to you.”
“If you don't understand, it must be impossible. But Nadya -. nothing is happening to me. It is all happening to other people.”
“Think about this, Daniel. It happens to everyone around you, but not to you, or to me. Now - I need to be by myself. Please.” She implored him with her look, and he went out of the room and sat in the kitchen.
An hour later she came in. She was calm, serious...she made a coffee and sat staring across the table at him.
“I don't trust Maxim any longer,” she said.
“You seem never to have trusted him.”
“I trusted him about this – about things that you do not know. But I think I was wrong. You call me a genius, but I am not. Maxim – Maxim is a real genius. His mind is incredible – what is the word, labyrinthine, while he has the simple aim in view always. To handle such complexities requires a genius.”
“Do you think Maxim is behind this then? All these murders? Why? What for? Why would he sabotage something he has already put hundreds of millions into? It doesn't make sense.”
Nadya smiled a grim smile.
“I am not sure it is him - or one of his rivals. But if it is a rival, Maxim knows it and isn't revealing it, or the reasons behind it. If it is Maxim he will get what he wants.”
“What have you been keeping from me, Nadya? There have been times when you have been very mysterious – your answers to my questions have sometimes been clouded.”
“Yes,” she agreed, “it has been cloudy. It will still be. When you need to know, you will know – even if it is the last moment of your life.”
“But – how could you be so intimate with me, and not share these secrets?”
“Even love you, you mean? You are too romantic. Life is not like this at all. Sometimes it is not possible to be open. You will know - I promise you.” She looked out the window as she spoke.  “Papa was a great realist, about everything. We talked about you, on the phone. He liked you very much, but said you were naïve. He is right. What you don't know – it is good, for now, that you don't know. But one day it will be good that you do.”
“You are playing God, Nadya.”
“It may look this way, but I am not. It is just being realistic. You will agree some day.”
Daniel felt his shoulders slump involuntarily.
“What is this?” he moaned.
“This is a very big problem. We will solve it, together.”
Eighteen
“Fine. Good.” Maxim flicked through the speech Daniel had written. “It's what I want. Of course  I may not read it word for word.”
“Better if you don't,” agreed Daniel.
“You of course will be on the stage with me – you to answer any technical questions and Nadya to translate, if she feels she can manage it. It would be best if she can."
“She says she will," Daniel said, not mentioning that her insistence had been over his objections. "Here is the media pack – the press release, and the vaguest of outlines of the strategic plan. We don't want to give away too many secrets. Your people have organised the venue, and the catering? The television crews will need access to power for their cabling.”
“You would like to inspect?”
“Yes, if that is all right.”
“You are very professional, Daniel. Yes, I will get Tatiana to take you. Then we will be finished.”
Daniel swallowed hard, thought to himself to get on with it, and blurted it out..
"There is something else we need to discuss."
Maxim's eyes narrowed. "Yes?"
"Nadya's father...the way he was murdered."
"Leave this to the police, Daniel."
"He was posed, the way your man Bulov was posed, and the scholar, Lermontov - this time with a copy of a book by Berdyaev, The Meaning of the Creative Act. Someone knows what we are doing - and is punishing us for it..."
"You think you are targets? You want protection?"
"I don't know," Daniel admitted. "It's just that this time - with the book -whoever is doing these things has to know about the project, and wants us to know it. The other times there were other explanations."
"You must share these thoughts with Filatov, the detective" Maxim said. "Tomorrow - tomorrow it will be done, in public, and then there will be no point in murder."
"I guess not," Daniel conceded. "Filatov already knows but doesn't seem very concerned. . Protection for us seems pointless, and a nuisance. There will be good security at the launch?"
"Yes of course. It is the first time for Bulov's replacement, but he will do a good job." Maxim smiled. "He will be very determined.
Daniel made to go. He felt defeated, as if he was dragging himself away, a beaten dog whimpering in his spirit but too scared to make a noise. He had tested Maxim, looking for a reaction, a telltale sign in his eyes or look or manner that would show his guilt, but there had been nothing. He knew no more than he had before. If the oligarch had anything to do with the murders, there was not the slightest of clues. Just as he got to the door, Maxim called him back.
“Tomorrow at 11?” Maxim asked pleasantly, as if their conversation has been about nothing important. Daniel nodded. Maxim grabbed his hand with the grip of a bear. “We will succeed." Then he turned away to "Russian business instead of Russian Idea business".
Tatiana handled the super-sized BMW as Nadya did her smaller version - as if she was a professional rally driver, squeezing the huge vehicle through gaps in the congestion that didn't look as they would take such a beast at a speed that seemed reckless but apparently wasn't. By the time she neared the the hotel Daniel relaxed about her driving, though he was still reeling from his failure to get anything from Maxim. Tatiana may or may not have heard; she acted as if she hadn't,  concentrating on her adventurous driving. As they approached the hotel she finally spoke, pointing to it.
“There is a room there,” she said. “It will be very impressive. Maxim likes things to be impressive.”
Daniel kept silent.
She stole a look at him.
“You are very cautious, aren't you, Daniel?”
“I suppose I am.”
“It is a good way to be.”
“For me it is. Others are better at taking risks without even calculating the odds. They seem to have a feeling for it.”
“You mean Maxim?”
He was, but decided to answer obliquely. "And others." It will be true of others... "Maxim must take great risks, but he is very clever at it, I think. He is something like me actually, only with money. He will risk, but only after being careful. But I imagine he has a sense for when the time is right."
This remark set off a fit of delighted laughter in Maxim's wife as she pulled into the drive of the hotel.
“Well, you are very clever too. I can tell. Here, let us go to inspect this room – what do you call it?”
“The venue.”
“Yes, the venue.” She smiled. “Let us see it.”
The room was off the mezzanine floor above the lobby, accessible by lift or a wide curved staircase that swept down to the polished floor, burnished by the feet of two large men with submachine guns, walking back and forth in obvious boredom. Tatiana flashed something at them and they parted with what Daniel imagined was the usual ogle; she even managed to show them her breasts through an involved manoeuvre with her handbag. They walked up the stairs to more leering grey-clad men, these with suits and bulging jackets.
"These are Maxim's," she said after they'd passed. "The ones below are from an agency."
It was big enough by half, long and narrow, with a raised stage at one end and doors leading to toilets in the middle. A table for drinks and finger food ran along the opposite wall. In front of the stage were around a hundred chairs set in semi-circles divided by an aisle in the middle. On the stage three chairs set on one side balanced a speaker's rostrum on the other, with a microphone.
As they entered workmen were strapping down electrical cords for television crews to the carpet with tape.
“Well?” Tatiana smiled at him.
He walked up and down the room a few times, testing out camera angles which suggested the rostrum would be better a bit closer to the front of the stage, so he climbed up and shifted it before  speaking into the microphone for a test.
“There will be a remote microphone for questions?” he asked Tatiana as he returned to earshot.
“I will ask.” She spoke to one of the men laying down the tape. “Yes, it is arranged.”
“So it's fine. We can go.”
“Let's have a coffee – in the restaurant below." Tatiana's voice was silken; supercharging small talk with sex. "I have been wanting to speak with you, but something always seems to interfere.” She led the way down the broad sweeping staircase to the cafe.
“Ah.” She smiled at him across the table when they were seated. “You are satisfied? With everything?”
“Yes, I think so. It will go well, or I hope it will." Daniel was embarrassed. He felt ill at ease with this striking woman, afraid of doing something wrong, or worse, and that made him even more ill at ease. He was thinking of Maxim, of Vladimir, of Filatov, while this ravishing creature was self-consciously displaying her wares across the table. He desperately wanted to keep things neutral, and to give nothing away.
"The media will treat it as something quirky, as it is, and give it a good airing," he said. "We've invited all the foreign correspondents as well as the local media and they will turn up. The opportunity to fire a few questions at a man who usually is hard to reach should prove irresistible.”
“And with Maxim? You are happy with him? How he has treated everything? Treated you?” She gave him a look so serious and at the same time beguiling that he almost blurted out all his fears and suspicions. But he held himself close.
“Tatiana however I answer that question you will take it to be diplomatic, since I am hardly likely to complain about a man to his wife. There are no problems with the arrangements and the preparations, but I would rather not reply, not really.”
She raised an eyebrow.
“Oh? You think that I am here to spy on you for Maxim?”
“Not at all,” he protested. “I just don't know, that's all.”
“Well, it is very Russian of you, and your reply is very Russian too, and clever. Of course I am here to spy on you for Maxim. Maxim did not become such a powerful man without a wife who is an able – and usually willing – accomplice.” She laughed. She leaned over so her cleavage ran down to her navel. "Do you think I show myself like this by mistake, or because I am happy to attract men? Because I am a 'trophy wife' as I think they are called? I have charms. I use them - for my own pleasure, and for my husband. Maxim finds me useful more out of bed than in it - and I do not mean that our sex life is boring." She laughed.
"So you are right - I spy for Maxim; my nipples are microphones. But not all my spying gets back to him," she smiled "Some of my investigations stay with me. As far as you are concerned, already I have a good report for him, so we can go on to other things.”
“I see.” He wondered where this was leading, but feared to ask.
“Like love.” Tatiana lowered her voice and toyed with her coffee cup, before looking at him very directly and seriously. “Do you love Nadya?”
“Yes - yes I do but...”
“The murder of her father has upset her a great deal. I can tell this. It upset me too," she added enigmatically. “You must be understanding, don't you agree?”
“Yes.” He didn't want to talk about it but was afraid to say so.
“There are many unanswered questions," Tatiana went on. "You must be wondering what it all means."
"Yes."
"The Russian Idea," she purred. "It is like an onion, each layer harbouring a different meaning but one that can only make sense when it is taken with all the others. Berdyaev - yes, I have read him too - was a genius at understanding this, and penetrating to the heart without missing out any layers on the way.
"Today, in your 'project' as you call it, Nadya is part of this puzzle for you. Nadya has always been a puzzle," Tatiana said. "You think you know her, and then she surprises you, becomes more complicated - with aspects and interests that you had never considered. She has been a great asset of Maxim, and he listens very carefully to her advice. But I think even he finds her elusive.”
“Elusive.”
“Yes, difficult to really know. Maxim likes to know the people who work for him, especially at this level, where trust is very important. But I think he has come to accept that he will never really understand her. As you wonder what her role has been in this project you must think of this - that Maxim himself, a great mind who has worked with her for many years, still does not know her.”
“Have you known Maxim a long time?” Daniel wanted to change the subject.
“Oh yes.” She beamed. “Also many years. We were students together, here in Moscow - lovers. After he came back from Cambridge, we became more serious, and then he asked me to marry him, and I did. Our romance has been very typical and we have a good marriage, a good partnership." Daniel was astonished to see her give him a smile that was obviously false, that he was certain he was meant to see as false.
“But I will tell you something that may surprise you," she said as she dropped the grin. "If it was not a good marriage, not a good partnership, there would be no question of a separation. A woman does not separate from an oligarch. If she doesn't like it – and there are some I know personally who don't – she must put up with it. A wife knows too much to be allowed to leave.”
“But...”
She put up her hand.
“There are no buts, Daniel. It is as it is. Do you think Maxim would tolerate a separation from the woman who knows so much about his affairs? You think – violence. And I must tell you, that in Russia this is not so unusual. Before I married him, I thought all of this over very carefully. And we found a common understanding that allows each of us a great deal of freedom." The silken voice grew silkier. “You are thinking – sex. Yes, of course – sex. Maxim often sees other women, especially when he is travelling, but sometimes he has affairs here, in Moscow - in this hotel! I know this, and don't pry. What is the point? He is a highly sexed man and it probably gives him some variety, to keep him from being bored with me. And I am - forty-something now.” She leaned over to speak with him as if conspiratorily, her low-cut blouse falling away again to reveal the deep cleavage between her full breasts, and their nipples, lying invitingly out of the top of a lacy bra. Daniel tried not to look..."And his freedom, is my freedom too."
“Are you saying...?” He wanted to go, but was afraid to say so.
“Ah Daniel, how you can be so quickly Russianised? I am not going to answer that question. You must find these things out for yourself.” She laughed. “There are of course two sides to my remark. You must ask Nadya if she has been with Maxim. I am not sure if she will tell you, but she will not lie to you. And you must decide if I am inviting you to draw certain conclusions about me.” She lowered her eyes for a moment, then raised them. “You must find that out, also.”
“I don't know...”
“Don't you? Daniel, we are in a hotel. There is a suite here that Maxim has always booked – or rather that I have booked for the company. It is for guests usually, business associates from out of town. But Maxim uses it from time to time for his assignations." Her eyes sparkled.
"So do I. It is very comfortable and private when someone interests me enough. And you interest me – more than enough.”
She looked very demure as she leaned forward again to reveal her cleavage. “You do like me – don't you?”
“I – I ...”
“Well, I am going. Would you come with me please? We can talk in the lift, if you wish.” Tatiana stood up, nodded to the waiter to put the cost on Maxim's account, and walked toward the lift lobby. Daniel trailed along behind, wondering what to do.
In the lift, she said, “You want to be faithful to Nadya, don't you?”
“Yes, yes I do.”
“Tell her I was predatory, that I made you.”
“She will laugh at me and it will be the end of our relationship.”
“Do you really think so? I don't.” Tatiana squeezed his hand. “You must try and see. She will not imprison you like this. You are going to be rich soon, and powerful. Women will throw themselves at you – not so much as with Maxim, but often. You will need to deal with this.”
They stepped out of the lift into a dimly lit corridor that led straight ahead to a small number of doors. “The suites,” Tatiana explained. “There are not many of them. Oligarchs have them all booked; they even meet here sometimes, to trade stories about their wealth and what it has done for them. Maxim has been a few times but says the meetings are boring, and the oligarchs too.” Tatiana pulled a plastic key card from her bag and slid it into the slot of one of the doors, pushing it open.
“There! Come in – we are free now.” She waltzed into the suite, an extravaganza of luxury, with a lounge big enough to hold board meetings, an enormous plasma television screen on one wall, and obviously pricey, very elegant Sheraton-style furniture. Tatiana threw her bag onto a chaise longue as she passed it, and theatrically flung open double smoke-glazed doors at one end of the room to reveal an immense room dominated by a bed large enough for three Maxims, even four...
Tatiana opened her arms wide. “Come,” she said. “I am wanting you, Daniel. Come to me.”
Daniel didn't move.
“I don't feel comfortable about this, Tatiana.”
“No? What can I do to make you feel comfortable?” She practically oozed over to him, and embraced him, ran her fingers through his dark brown hair, and pushed against him. He had an erection; he couldn't help it. She felt it.
Her eyes were not six inches from his, searching...he stood still, his arms by his side; she took one, and put his hand on her breast. “Come on,” she murmured. “You are excited. I can feel you...and you are a sexy man, Daniel.” She unbuttoned her blouse and took his hand and slid it up under her bra onto her full breast. He could feel the nipple harden and enlarge.
“Ah! Daniel...”
“No.” He pulled away. “Tatiana, I can't. I won't. It's not you...but it is not me, not without sorting everything out with Nadya first.”
She didn't look disappointed. In fact, she laughed.
“Do you know I had a bet with Nadya about seducing you?” She looked at him with a twinkle in her eye. “Do you think I have lost?”
“I don't know. This is frustrating, Tatiana.”
“Yes, I am a sex kitten – maddening. I scratch in bed too. No, I have won. Nadya bet me that you would be afraid to say no. She was almost right, wasn't she?”
“I guess so. You are a very attractive woman, and very assertive.”
“Well, I would have enjoyed it with you, Daniel. I can tell about these things. And who knows what the future will bring? But you are perhaps wiser than you know – after tomorrow, perhaps things will change, but till then, you should concentrate on what is important: the Russian Idea.”
“Yes, well...I should get back to the flat.”
Tatiana's musical, even magic pealof happy laughter was as sexual as he banter.
Nineteen
“You lost the best,” Daniel said as nonchalantly as he could manage as he came into the kitchen to make a coffee.
“Oh?” Nadya looked up from her laptop. “And what bet was this?”
“The best you made with Tatiana, that she would get me into bed.”
Nadya folded the laptop shut, her face impassive. "And?"
“You nearly won it,” Daniel went on, “for the reason you thought – that I would be afraid to say no. She's very attractive, but I'm committed to you till you tell me not to be.”
“We have not discussed this.”
“No. Anyway, it made me nervous, not just that she is the wife of a powerful and physically enormous man, but that this suite in the hotel is booked permanently by Maxim – I can just imagine getting a DVD of the whole thing as a farewell present.”
“Ha!” Nadya actually laughed, the first time since the murder of her father. “Yes, Tatiana would perhaps also have enjoyed watching repeats of the episode. She is very interested in sex, and looks at erotic films and photographs. Women are not meant to be that way, not really, and she says that makes her more excited - that she knows women are not meant to enjoy such things, but that she does.”
“So are we having this conversation now, Nadya? I just don't know with you. She also said you are an enigma to everyone, even Maxim.”
“That is good." She stared at him and stood up, leaning against the sink. Very slowly, she took off her clothes, starting with the bright yellow T-shirt she had got at a market the day before. She folded each item neatly and put it on top of the laptop.
“Look at me,” she said when she'd finished, a very sober look on her face. “I am not like Tatiana. She is what women are supposed to be like if they are sexy, with large breasts and slim hips and – beautiful down there. I have almost no breasts at all...the rest of me is skinny, not curvy. I am too tall for a woman. Tatiana is taller but she uses her other assets - something obviously not available to me. My arms and legs are perhaps too strong as well. Do you think I should expect you not to be attracted to other women, even if you love me? That when someone like Tatiana purrs at you, that you would not want to enjoy such a kitten?”
“Yes, actually," Daniel smiled. "Nadya, what would Berdyaev say when he isn't being rude about sex? That beauty comes from the inside. Isn't that true of you also? Isn't that what you say about me? To me that includes sex - you are intensely erotic to me.” He undid the button on his jeans and struggled out of them to stand before her in his briefs and tee shirt. “See,” he said, pointing to his briefs where his erection poked out against the soft black cotton. “This is what you do to me. I love your breasts...when I touch or kiss your nipples they are excited and I am excited by that...but also your hips...your arms and legs and your back, and yes, 'down there' as you put it. And do you know, Nadya, this will never change; I know this inside of me. I see you and touch you and want to have sex with you, just like that.”
“Like now? Forever?” Her eyes were wide as saucers. He didn't understand.
“Yes, like now, and forever.”
“Daniel...” she walked around the table and smiled. It was a smile he'd never seen on anyone, ever, somehow shining through tragic suffering. As she reached up slowly to touch his face with her long fingers, her steady gaze sought his eyes, drawing him in to her, becoming one in their nakedness...
Twenty
The room was buzzing half an hour before the press conference was meant to start. Maxim stayed in the suite, not wanting to be buttonholed, but Nadya and Daniel worked the room as Tatiana looked on with a warm smile that did not even seem artificial to Daniel. He was still puzzled about their encounter the previous day, and tried to stay away from her, but somehow found her catching his eye - only to smile. He had to force himself to think about what was in front of him, to push all the other thoughts that kept rushing into him aside - of the murder and after...of Maxim...and Tatiana...and Nadya...
There were plenty of journalists; they took up nearly all the seats, and devoured the finger food so quickly that Daniel ordered another lot to be brought from the kitchen.
Nadya looked beautiful to him; it was as if their lovemaking overnight has opened her up, though he knew this wasn't true – that underneath she would be as mysterious and difficult as ever. She was dressed very simply, in a straight skirt and uncomplicated white blouse buttoned right up to the neck. He loved her with all his heart at the same time he puzzled over his feelings. She had changed him and changed his life irrevocably, and he was sure she would go on doing it - for him, she embodied the Russian Idea, as he understood and didn't understand it.
He played with the wool fibres of his new suit; Maxim had had him fitted for it and it had been delivered a week before. It was his first tailored suit and he found himself wondering vainly if he really looked any better in it than in an off the rack model. He decided he did.
“It is time,” Tatiana smiled as she appeared beside him. “Maxim will come in a minute.” She gestured at the clock; it was two minutes to eleven.
“Make him five minutes late, please,” Daniel said. “It is a way of increasing anticipation.” She nodded assent as she opened her mobile and began to speed-dial and he sped away to avoid further conversation...
When Maxim entered he was like a god, sweeping through the throng with all the power and authority of his reputation, mounting the steps in a smart casual grey suit as a knight would a horse before a joust, evidently ready to do battle, comfortable and certain of victory. Daniel and Nadya by contrast seemed almost to creep onto the stage to their seats. Tatiana stayed in the audience, observing.
The buzz in the room died down when Maxim, his gaze sweeping the hall in triumph, pulled the microphone close to begin speaking.
“We will have this press conference in English,” he said. “Russian speakers can find out later.” He said something in Russian Daniel took to be a translation.
“Today is a great day for me,” Maxim began. “It is the end of a long search for the right way to do honour to my country, and to my culture...” He kept to Daniel's speech pretty carefully, rolling over the many achievements in art, music, and literature to philosophy, to the crunch: “However great the differences between all these important figures, there is something peculiarly Russian in each of them, something that is of use and benefit to the whole world. It is our Russian idea, an idea whose time is coming. And my gift to this idea is to make it real to people everywhere...”
A waiter was walking sharply down the aisle toward the stage, crisp white top stiffly erect above rapidly striding black slacks. There was something about him that was familiar. Daniel started. It was Mel Couch! He stood up just as Couch reached the foot of the stage to stand in front of one of Maxim's giant minders. He paid no attention to the minder as he pulled out an automatic pistol.
“Homophobe!” He pointed the gun at Maxim who stared at Couch dumbly, as if it was all a joke, till the American pulled the trigger, and then again, and again. Maxim rocked back, and then crashed to the floor. Though it took no more than a few seconds it had happened as if in slow motion.
The minder had watched, stunned. He finally jolted into action and pounced on Couch, whose howls of anger were quickly replaced by howls of pain from the audible blows hammering him. Uproar deafened the sound...Daniel and Nadya rushed to Maxim, who had pulled the rostrum over as he had fallen. Blood was gurgling out of his chest, staining the cashmere coat a deep crimson.
"Maxim!" Daniel tried to staunch the flow but his efforts were hopeless; the big man's life was  pumping out of him, tumbling and bubbling through the crimson cashmere and pooling next to him on the blue carpet. Lifting his head to see if he could summon help Daniel saw Tatiana rushing towards the stage as journalists and cameramen thronged towards them, shouting and pointing.
“Daniel...” Maxim's eyes were glazed but he was trying to stay conscious. “My son...I am dying...the Russian Idea, my son...the Russian Idea...it...is...” he tried to keep talking but choked on the words. Blood burbled out of his mouth. He was dead.
The hubbub in the room grew louder; reporters were shouting into mobile telephones, television cameramen crouched beneath them, filming; others were running up the steps to the stage...suddenly there was another shout above the din. Daniel looked around the corner of the rostrum. Halfway down the centre aisle a swarthy man was yelling...what was it?
“Hide, quickly,” Nadya hissed. He pulled his head down behind the rostrum with Nadya just as the room blew apart.
Later he learned that the man had shouted, “Russian idea? Russian idea? Here is a Chechen idea!" and had set off explosives wrapped around his body. The blast ripped through the throng milling around in the room...the men grappling with Mel Couch had been dragging him down the aisle and were metres from the bomber - killed instantly, along with their prisoner. Others were not so lucky, losing arms and legs and bleeding to death. Some survived...Shielded by the rostrum, Nadya and Daniel were unhurt. Nadya said, “We must get help,” and ran down the steps to disappear.
Daniel looked around for Tatiana. She had been halfway up the steps to the stage when the bomb went off...he found her lying in a pool of blood near the steps under the twisted wreckage of the event's rented chairs. She was conscious and moaning. Blood was pulsing from a gash that ran the length of her right leg. Daniel swept the broken furniture off her, yanked off his suitjacket and ripped at his shirt to make a bandage, pulling it tight around the top of her leg; the bleeding slowed.
There was more shouting. He looked around to see police and paramedics stream into the room from behind, followed by Nadya.
“Here! Here!” He waved at the paramedics...two of them ran up with a stretcher, rolled Tatiana on to it, and scurried away without evening looking at him. Tatiana raised her head to see and managed a weak wave and a smile.
Nadya came up.
“Come. We must leave now.”
“But these people – they need help,” Daniel protested.
“It is not for us. More help is coming.” She tugged at his hand. “Come. We must go, Daniel.”
The lobby was chaotic, as police tried to assert a meaningless authority and paramedics waited to go up in the lifts with their equipment. Everyone seemed to be shouting; from outside the hotel the scream of sirens accelerated their pitch. Nadya led him by the hand through the melee till they were outside and then on the broad ring road, bristling with hostile traffic – police cars and ambulances dotted about among the citizen tanks known as “sport utility vehicles” favoured by the New Russians. Nadya kept pulling him along.
“Where are we going? Nadya?”
“We must get away, quickly,” was all she said. Was she in shock? She didn't seem to be. Was he in shock? He asked himself and confessed to himself that he didn't know. He tried to remember, so long ago...Bulov, the man at the piano...was it the same? Lermontov? No...he put everything out of his mind and concentrated on what was in front of him - Nadya, pulling him along on the footpath of this huge exotic city...noise...crowds...
They reached a metro station. News of the bombing must have spread rapidly; people were swarming around outside the entrance, gesturing frantically; some were shouting and others weeping.
“News travels more quickly than we,” Nadya said tersely. “We will walk to another station. It is not so far.”
Finally the scream of the sirens and shouts of the crowds faded away as they retreated through through a maze of side streets, and eventually found a quieter metro station, on another line. At last they reached the flat in Pyatnitskaya.
“What are we doing?” Daniel asked, feeling exceedingly stupid.
“We are getting away,” Nadya said. “We must. Maxim is dead. Who knows what will happen next.”
“The police will want to speak with us.”
“So much the worse.”
“I don't understand.”
“You are becoming not Russian again, Daniel. Maxim is dead," she said again. "He has enemies everywhere who will be drinking champagne right now, while planning to expand their empires by swallowing his. They will not like us anyway, just because we were with Maxim, but with so much of Maxim's money tied up in England, they will not like us a very great deal. They will be looking at all that money greedily and wondering how they can get their hands on it. The easiest way is if we are dead. We must flee.”
“Where will we go?”
“I have a friend. It will be fine for a few days.”
Back at the flat they packed quickly and in ten minutes were driving in the BMW toward the other side of town. Nadya stopped at a park, to use her mobile outside of the car, and finally pulled up at a large block of flats, backing in to the space to be able to drive out quickly.
It turned out they were headed for another block of flats on the far side of the group - Nadya didn't want to park too close to where they would be staying. They lugged their cases quickly across the expanse of rubble as Nadya  explained. “They may be listening in the car; you cannot be too careful. The phone is encrypted so it is safe outside. My friend's home is also safe.”
The friend turned out to be an old student comrade. They had studied accounting together. "She is unknown to practically everyone.”
Even this was not enough for Nadya, however. She had arranged for the friend to be out; Nadya  used a key left in a small plastic wallet under a pile of newspapers bundled for disposal.
It was a tiny place, much less luxurious than Nadya's – a short hallway leading to a very small kitchen, with a bedroom cum lounge on one side and a bath, toilet and washing machine stuffed into a remarkably small cubicle on the other.
They put their bags in the lounge, which had a small sofa that would open to become a bed.
“We can stay here till we know what is happening,” Nadya said. “But my friend will need to come back soon. She is staying with her mother in another part of the city. They do not get along. We must be gone in a few days at the most.
“Now, make yourself some coffee, Daniel, and try to be calm. I have a great deal to do on the telephone.” She waved at him to disappear as she started working the mobile. She does as I do, he thought distractedly - what is in front of her, so that she doesn't panic.
He fossicked in the kitchen and at length made some plunger coffee for both of them, but Nadya  shook her head when he asked. He looked around at the food – it was past four and he was really very hungry and knew Nadya must be too though he didn't feel like eating. Some black bread was in the fridge and he used it to make a sandwich for Nadya with some ham and lettuce and tomato. She waved thanks as she kept the phone glued to her ear... “Da...da...yes, yes...”
As she talked the day drew to a close - darkness settled over the flat. Daniel did not turn on a light in the kitchen till he could no longer see the wall opposite. He could hear the soft murmur of Nadya's voice as he made some dinner for them both, boiling and then frying some cabbage with bacon he found in the small fridge. When it was ready he poked his head into the room and gave the sign of eating; she nodded and a few minutes later came into the kitchen.
“It is very bad,” she said. “Fifty people were killed and about that many injured. The man Couch was among the dead. I am trying to find out what happened to Tatiana but no one seems to know. Several of the bodyguards were very devoted to her. If one survived, perhaps he is looking out for her.”
As if on cue the phone rang. “Da? Da...da...” Nadya was off again, waving away Daniel's proffered plate. A few minutes later she came back into the kitchen.
“That was one of Tatiana's bodyguards. He fortunately took some initiative and spirited her away in Maxim's private jet, to Berlin. She is there, in a hospital. Her leg has been removed and she is under sedation. He will not leave her and has been careful to tell no one else where she is, though any powerful people will be able to find out. Before she went to the operation she told him to get in touch with us, that we must get away from Moscow, from Russia, to Berlin. It is best. There is a flight, tonight, from Domodedovo airport...we will drive and leave the car.”
“Why? I'm confused. What will Tatiana know?”
“A great deal, Daniel. You may have thought she was a silly woman; she tried to give everyone that impression – that she was an empty-headed trophy wife, as I think they call them in your country. She was tied to Maxim by a bond I have never discovered, but she was Maxim's closest associate and adviser.
“Anyway, Berlin. Fortunately I have travelled to Berlin often and have a multiple entry visa. Do you know the city?”
“No, I've never been.”
“You will like it. It is sad we are not going under better circumstances.”
Twenty-one
“It was good of you to come.” Tatiana was propped up in her bed in her room in the hospital, looking very tired, and suddenly old.
“You look marvellous,” Nadya began but Tatiana held up her hand.
“Surely Nadya we do not need to tell each other unnecessary lies, after all this time. I will have to adjust, now, to walking with a crutch, or a prosthetic leg. I am not sure which I would prefer. Sergei prefers the leg – but we will see. That is, of course, if I live.”
Sergei, the bodyguard, was outside and had admitted them to the room reluctantly though he had summoned them at his mistress' instructions. He was in control of her safety and was virtually living in the room.
“Anyway,” Tatiana went on, “we need to talk. Daniel there is a great deal that you don't know, and I am going to explain to you. You will be shocked – even horrified. I am sorry. You too, Nadya - there are things even you do not know, that you are about to find out, that will hurt, a very great deal.”
“I don't understand,” Daniel started, but again she held up her hand.
“I know you don't understand. That is why you are here, so that you will." She closed her eyes and began.
“When I met Maxim he was not Maxim but Alexandr Smaltz, a 'German Russian'. He changed his name because he reasoned it was not dramatic enough, and he felt he needed drama to fulfil his ambitions. Or that is what he said. He also thought it sounded too Jewish, and there is a great deal of anti-Semitism in Russia. He said he wasn't – but that is what he said. I never met his family; he said they were all dead, that he was an orphan.
“Maxim really was very ambitious, right from the first. When we met he was a student at the university here - chemistry. But he saw chemistry as a means to an end, not because he was terribly interested, though he was very good at it. I was studying philosophy, which in those days meant Marxist philosophy. I am not sure it would be very useful now. That's when I met your father, Nadya. But that is getting ahead of my story. Please give me some water.”
Nadya stared at her wide-eyed as she handed her a glass; Daniel realised she hadn't known.
After Tatiana had drunk, she smiled in a very strange way, closed her eyes and continued.
“Anyway I was attracted to Maxim from the very first. He was older than I, and had come to university from some time as an engineer somewhere or other - he never said. He was very intelligent – a genius. But he was worldly too. And he was sexy – such a big man, powerful, and he enjoyed sex as much as I. We became lovers almost immediately.
“Then he went to England – Cambridge – to study. While he was gone I met your father, Nadya.  He came to lecture at one of my classes. He was also older than I, much older - but I was attracted to him, and we became lovers. He was living alone in that flat in the House on the Embankment; your mother had left with you long before, I gather. He was very good to me, but we both knew it was a temporary arrangement, and when Maxim came back, your father ended it. He was a nice man, your father – and yes, a good Marxist. So very few of them were.”
Nadya was staring at her, speechless. Tears began to well in her eyes but she closed them and found a tissue.
“There is so much more. Wait, Nadya." Tatiana smiled weakly. "But keep your tissue - you will need it.
“Maxim was different after England,” Tatiana said.. “He wasn't so jovial as he had been. It was like he was hiding something. We renewed our relationship but I was uneasy about the change in him.
“After a time he asked me to marry him. He had big plans, he said, and we would share in the spoils. He was very flattering about my looks and my mind, and he said he needed someone to talk things over with - that is the expression he used.
“I told him that I would only consider marriage if we were genuine partners. We needed to have an understanding about everything important, including sex and business. I told him that he seemed remote, as if he was hiding something, and that I wouldn't marry someone who had secrets.
“He went away without saying anything but the next day he came back and said he agreed, but that I had to agree too, right then. There could be no holding back, or trying to back out of the deal.
“I liked Maxim a lot, and was in awe of his mind. He was so sharp, so penetrating...so I said yes.
“What he told me was very shocking. While he was studying in England, he chanced to discover that a fellow student had developed a new kind of plastic that would have wide uses at the higher end of the product. He was close to finishing all the research and planned to apply for patents very shortly. Maxim found this out only because the student got drunk and began to brag one night when they were alone together in the pub.
“Maxim quizzed the student and decided that his discovery was what he'd been seeking – that it could found his fortune. He watched, made plans, and when the student was in the lab alone one night, he dropped by and suggested a drink. They set off to the pub, but the student never reached it. Maxim murdered him with a garotte, and threw his body in the river. Then he went back to the lab, found all his notes, and took them away.
“He had a girlfriend there, in Cambridge. She was also very ambitious, but in a different way. She had discovered how much money she could make having sex with the rich students, and lived a high life with Maxim on her earnings. When the murder was discovered, she knew that he had known the victim, and began asking questions Maxim didn't much like. But he protested his innocence and in the end she seemed to accept it. She found out she was pregnant, dropped out of the university, and went to live in Manchester. She continued her career as a prostitute.
“Yes, Daniel – that is your mother. Maxim was your father.”
Daniel recoiled, stunned.
“He called me son, as he was dying. I thought it was just an expression.”
“It is true. We will deal with all this later.”
“I need a drink of water,” Daniel said. “I can't believe what I am hearing.”
“Take one. The carafe is there. It is all true.” Tatiana repeated with a smile.
“Of course I was trapped," she went on. "If I rejected Maxim then, he would certainly have killed me. If I went to the police, he would eventually get out – and the same result. I swallowed my morality and went ahead with the marriage.
“I am not at all proud that I got used to living with a murderer. After a time it didn't seem so strange any more. His secret became our secret, and as he became more successful, all his secrets became our secrets. And there are a great many of these, most not so bloodthirsty or even violent. But some...
“You will know about Maxim's public career, after the fall of the Soviet Union. As soon as capitalism was allowed, Maxim patented the inventions of his victim and set about making a fortune. It didn't take him long. Soon he was one of the richest men in Russia and he began to branch into other areas. That is how he found you, Nadya - though this happened some years later. He didn't know that you were technically living in the flat with your mother. When the Soviet era  ended and people were given ownership of their flats, he saw an opportunity to make a lot of money. Property prices skyrocketed and some clever people offered owners in desirable areas another flat somewhere else and a big cash payment for their place. Maxim did that, but he saw that many older people didn't want to move, though they were living on their own, often in large apartments. So he had goons, thugs, murdering these old people, throwing their bodies in the river - yes, just like the chemistry student - and gaining ownership. He ended up with hundreds, possibly thousands of flats. He didn't touch anything; it was all done by others, and I only found out later, when it was over. While he was doing this he was organising his good reputation and found you to run his charity.
"When you turned up at one of these murdered people's flats, he bought off the people who had bought the flat by swapping it for a better one with some cash. Of course he told you a better story too. Maxim always had a better story. He knew how to lie - to keep as close to the truth as possible. And he knew how to sweeten a lie."
Nadya was beginning to sob. Tatiana reached out and touched her hand; Nadya recoiled as if the older woman was a cobra.
“How could you?” she moaned.
“I only found out because of your mother, Nadya. It seemed odd he should take so much trouble over your flat, and he confessed immediately. Of course I was shocked, and angry. But I explained this already, Nadya. Once in, I was trapped. My choice was: live with Maxim, share his crimes, or die. Which would you have done? Oh, yes, the Berdyaev expert in you says you would have preferred to die. Perhaps that is true. It was not true of me then.
“At any rate, Maxim made an excuse for himself that he was opening up housing for younger people. He wasn't the only one to engage in this activity, either. The Azeri gang, the ones he blamed over the flat, was also heavily involved. You would have been a loose end, and he didn't like loose ends, so it was convenient to have you as an employee.
“Then something dramatic happened. He received a letter from his old girlfriend – your mother, Daniel. She had done some research on him, and realised what had happened, how Maxim had stolen his victim's discovery and made a fortune from it. She threatened to expose him unless he paid her a lot of money.
“Maxim at first thought to ignore her. After all it had been a long time, and much of the evidence, if there was any, was at best inconclusive. Then he decided it was better to pay. Finally, he decided that was too risky. He told her that he was coming to see her and would meet all her demands, but that she must guarantee to keep her mouth shut tight. Of course she agreed, and he met her in the city, took her home, showed her a valise full of British money and when she went to take it, he murdered her. He made it look like a sex killing, because of her profession, but it wasn't. Or at least that is what he said.”
“Oh, my god...” Daniel put his head in his hands. “It's just....”
“Patience, Daniel. There is not much more to say. Not too much.
“Going back to England to look after your mother got Maxim thinking. He decided he wanted to leave Russia. There were too many competitors and life was getting too difficult. He had hidden a great deal of money in various places in other countries, and yearned to be able to use it in new business ventures elsewhere, from what he called a secure base. He also had several billions hidden in Russia and the former constituent republics. And as he told you, he was tired of corruption. He wanted to live in England where the law means something other than having to pay to stay out of prison. Though he was a criminal himself, he appreciated the security of the law in terms of business.
“And he felt guilty too, about you. He knew about you; you mother had told him – she was very proud of you. So he thought about things, and he asked Nadya to try to come up with a good plan for giving you a lot of money, that would also allow him to go live in England and begin his business life there, where he could see you and even work with you, but without you knowing he was your father. Nadya did some research on you, and came up with the Russian Idea. It was a good fit, and Maxim saw it immediately. He agreed.”
“Nadya! You!” Daniel stared at her. “You...”
“Yes...” Nadya was shredding her tissue between her clenched fists. She stared at him hard. "Yes," she said again.
“Be quiet Daniel," Tatiana said. "There are more surprises I am afraid.
“Maxim looked into this idea, this Russian Idea. He read the book, and he read some more Berdyaev books. He read Dostoevsky and Berdyaev's book about him. He was very thorough - after all he was planning to pretend, anyway, to put hundreds of millions of your British pounds in this.
“And he decided that the Russian Idea, the idea of Dostoevsky and Berdyaev, was actually nonsense. He thought it was too grand, too noble, too naïve. But the idea of sponsoring a global cultural programme extolling Russia appealed to him, and the idea of appearing even a bit mad while offering this greatness to the world, was in some way romantic. But what appealed to him the most was that it was a way of getting huge sums of money out of the country – money laundering. He had billions hidden away in Russia, and the money he had in other countries was really there illegally. He would like to use it openly.
"And he thought it was a way of getting to know you without you realising he was your father, and possibly using you in some other way after the Russian Idea was found wanting, as he was sure it would be found wanting. He was very disappointed when you told him you believed in it; he had hoped you would be more cynical about it, as you first seemed. He saw that as an opening for later, when the Idea was a failure - that you might go into business together, and that he could use you.
"He wanted to marry you off, to Nadya. He thought it was a way of keeping Nadya quiet if she got suspicious - that she was married to his son. But Maxim - Maxim was ruthless, absolutely. If things did not work out, if you rebelled, or Nadya rebelled, it would have been the end of you. You say in English that blood is thicker than water. But in Russian at least blood is not thicker than money." She smiled wanly. "For you, Nadya, it was the only chance. If you did not marry Daniel, you were marked for death."
She took another drink of water, lay back again, and went on speaking with her eyes closed - so that she wouldn't have to look at their astonished faces, Daniel thought.
“Of course it hasn't worked out like that. Maxim is dead. Now that he is dead, you and Nadya can share in all this if you wish. You are the sole legatees of the trust after me, and I will resign, if I live - I am wealthy enough on my own. Maxim has seen to that. You need not worry."
She opened her eyes. “To continue. Do not look so shocked. This is about Russia after all, though we are in Germany. Then Maxim became anxious. He was afraid that if the plan got out, it would make the money laundering difficult. Billions were involved. Then something happened that worried him a great deal. One of his security staff heard of the plan, by accident, when he was talking about it with me, and mentioned it to a colleague in the police, and he had to be – dealt with. This was Bulov, who was found in your flat. Then when you, Daniel, proposed speaking with experts, he did not have to cast about very far for a solution.
“He approached Filatov – yes, Arkady Andreevitch Filatov, detective.”
“That bastard!” Nadya almost shouted the words.
“Calm down, Nadya,” Tatiana said coolly. “It is almost over.” She smiled so serenely that she might have been discussing a religious conversion.
“The one with the loose lips thought Filatov was his friend. Perhaps they were friendly, but Arkady Andreevitch wasted no time in telling Maxim about Bulov's indiscretions. Maxim and Filatov decided he had to die; Arkady Andreevitch killed him and placed him in your apartment. Maxim offered him a lot of money to do it, and he did not need asking twice. He had carried out a few unsavoury tasks for Maxim in the past.
“The dead man was put there to warn you about talking, Nadya, as you certainly guessed. But an excuse was thought up that would at least make you unsure, so that it could only be a guess. You seem to have accepted it.
“The others – apart from the priest who was playing with children, Filatov killed them all, shortly after they spoke with you. He didn't see you with the American, and I didn't tell him. As we know that had fatal consequences for Maxim as well as for the American and many other people. But Lermontov, Lermontov's wife, and your father – Filatov murdered them all. I was not happy about any of them, but I was very angry about your father. He did not go out and was a very taciturn man, not offering information to anyone. But Filatov was proud that he managed to do it. I tried to stop this, and failed, and as a result - no, I will talk about that later.
“Of course Arkady Andreevitch thought it was clever and funny, being able to commit crimes, to arrange them like art works, and then investigate them. And it was clever, but I did not laugh, and I see that you are not laughing either.
“He persuaded Maxim that as long as they were murdering people, they might as well get rid of some rivals, and that gang of Azeris was planning some kind of war on Maxim's empire, because he wouldn't sell his plastic plants in the south. I told him to sell, that he was rich already, but they were the foundation of his business and he was against it. So Filatov's proposal was a very good idea to Maxim. And to be truthful, Maxim enjoyed the plotting with Filatov. They were like children, working on their little schemes, rubbing their hands before, during and after, thinking up the little touches that would add spice and mystery. The Azeris - they were a problem because there were so many of them; Filatov needed to be very careful to get them all with one blow and to have others to point the finger at. Of course it made the papers and was the subject of a lot of gossip, but within a week, it was all gone. Filatov took the one at your flat over there at gunpoint, made him drive his car, and then killed him at the door, throwing his weapon on the ground so that it would look as if he had saved the day. The idea was to show that the gang in a bad light, as of course it did. And Arkady Andreevitch wanted to impress you, Nadya.”
“That bastard,” Nadya aid again with heat.
“Yes he was hoping to dupe you into an affair, and then murder you – perhaps in bed, or with a musical instrument in your hand. He really is very fond of these creative plans of his, and he did not like Maxim's idea of marrying you off to Daniel.”
Nadya started to babble. Spittle came out of her mouth and she let it drool down her chin and onto her chest. She stood up, sat down, stood up again and made as if to go, then turned and resumed her seat. The dribble didn't stop, and Tatiana passed her a towel. She took it, wiping her chin and glaring at Tatiana.
“Finish. You must be nearly finished,” Nadya hissed. Her face was twisted with anger and shame.
Tatiana seemed very calm.
“Yes, it is not long now.
“Maxim planned to use the Russian Idea as a conduit for several billion pounds, and he knew you – as an accountant you would have discovered the trick, and would never have agreed unless you were compromised by marriage to his son.
“And he was watching you, Daniel. If you caused trouble, son or not, you would have had to go. Of course Maxim wanted a son; he fantasised about bringing you into the family, telling you everything, but it was a fantasy and that is all it was. By the way he had a DNA test done to be certain - I think it is because you look like your mother but not very much like Maxim. His agent in London, Tremaine, collected the sample when he came to see you in Manchester.
"And perhaps you would have suspected about your mother – and then? You would have been too dangerous, and Maxim would have found space for you at the bottom of one of those Manchester canals. Then the Russian Idea would become the Maxim idea, and circle the globe with capital.”
“Why are you telling us this?” Daniel felt numb, as if the words were coming out of a block of wood, so stunned he felt nothing at all.
“Because I am free at last to tell the truth,” Tatiana said. “Because it no longer matters. And more.
"I tried to stop your father's murder, Nadya. And when I failed, I made a big decision for myself. I had had enough of murders, but could not try to leave Maxim. I wanted to live, and I liked you both - I wanted you to live also. So I began to think of ways to get rid of them, of Maxim and Arkady Andreevitch." She smiled wanly. "I used my sex - and found Sergei, the one outside. But these things take time to work out, to be safe, to get rid of people without being caught.
"Meanwhile I tried to warn you...my plan was to have an affair with Daniel, so that we could be alone somewhere, and have the talk we are having now. When you rejected me, Daniel, I had to think of some other way. But all this, all my plans and hopes, were as nothing when the American shot Maxim.
"You will remember, Nadya, that you rang me and told me about this Couch. I did not pass the information to Maxim. I thought I would save a life. It turned out differently. Obviously, he was a fanatic, and a clever one though he was lucky too - if Bulov had been alive, he would never have had the chance. Bulov's replacement was obviously incompetent.
"With Maxim dead, Filatov is exposed. Arkady Andreevitch will probably try to get rid of me - I am the witness to his crimes. Even with Sergei to protect me, he may succeed. Sergei is faithful, devoted - like a dog would be to its master. But Arkady is cunning. If he succeeds with me, he will kill you too, if he can.”
“Can't you just – go to the police?”
“For once, Daniel, that is not foolish - or at least not entirely foolish. If I can find a policeman who will arrest Filatov, I will do it.  Such a one will be attached to another oligarch, a rival of Maxim's, and will look at Filatov as dangerous. But it is risky. Filatov even now will be parading his wares to such people, and perhaps one will take him under his protection. I have money but am no longer strong. Without Maxim I am just a nuisance, to everyone. We will see.
“You – you must hide. Stay away from Russia. Do not go to England till Filatov is stopped - he too has money and will have spies looking out for you. Stay here, in Berlin or go to a country somewhere else in Europe that has a respect for the law. But as long as Filatov is free, you are in danger.” Tatiana lay back in the bed. “There – it is all done. I am so tired, and so unhappy that I will not be beautiful with one leg.” She smiled weakly. “I know it is terrible. Had I known, or even suspected, the day Maxim asked me to marry him, I would never have agreed. But I did agree - and everything that came after was a punishment. You might think - what about the good things. The price of the good things was always there, in the background, and it was terrible, even if I told myself otherwise at the time.
"I read Berdyaev too - about the Russian Idea and about living spiritually, and I think Maxim was wrong. It is the best way to live - even the only way to live fully. But this life is not possible for me. I may not have held Filatov's gun, or Maxim's, but I am just as guilty. I waited too long to act. I wish...I wish...but wishing is worthless." She closed her eyes.
"My soul hurts more than my leg. Try to think not too unkindly of me. Goodbye.”
PART THREE
One
“Daniel, be reasonable.”
“I am being reasonable. You manipulated and deceived me."
"Yes!" Nadya stared at him as if he was mad. "Yes I did! Of course I did. It was an opportunity - something that does not happen very often...everything together like that. Don't you see? To create something - something lasting and of real value."
"Through me," Daniel snarled. "Daniel the puppet for a Berdyaev dream."
"Yes!" Nadya walked up to him, pushing her chest out, hands on her hips, staring into his eyes with an intensity he had never seen. "You couldn't be told. How could I tell you? Maxim had forbidden it. He was right to forbid it! It was his secret - his choice to make it a secret, or not."
"That's not right. You were using Maxim too - for your Berdyaev fantasy."
"Ach!" She turned away, stared off into space. "I thought he agreed. He was just pretending but I didn't know that. You are not being fair, Daniel."
"That's rich - me not being fair. Our whole relationship has been guided by you, made the way you wanted it...some Berdyaev disciple you turned out to be."
"Do you want a sharper knife, Daniel? To stab into my heart even more deeply?"
"Yes!"
"This is not the man I love speaking."
"The man you say you love doesn't exist, Nadya. There is only me - weak, feeble, pliable. But you went too far, even for that wretched creature. That knife is in your hand - and you cut the strings of the puppet with it."
She turned back to him, her eyes glowing coals. "Let me say to you, puppet man, that even if I didn't love you, even if you weren't the man I think you are, I would have tried to make you that man, and would have pretended to love you, to make this dream real. That's what you want to hear, isn't it? And it is true."
"You admit this?"
"Yes, of course I admit it. It is reality. My feelings...your feelings...what are they compared to this dream? Nothing. I would die for it. Vladimir has already done so. Grow up, Daniel. Stop thinking of yourself as more important than you are."
"So this is the idea? The real Russian Idea? Die for the cause?"
"It is not the real Russian Idea, Daniel. You are being wilful. The Russian Idea is about life. But sometimes it is a good thing to do, to die for a cause."
"And that is what you would want for me too?"
"Only if you choose. Daniel, I did not see all this danger. Do not mistake my meaning."
"Just to be sure, then - what is your meaning?"
“It was romantic; I thought you would be pleased when you found out everything. I was also manipulated and deceived and used. I didn't know your mother had even been murdered, much less that Maxim had done it. How do you think I feel now about that? Or about everything else - my own father and mother murdered by Maxim and that bastard Arkady." She glared at him. "Just at the end, I suspected Maxim. But not of so much, so many crimes. And Tatiana knew all along.”
“Yes, well - she didn't have to tell us. She was trapped too - and she was trying to get rid of them, and to save us." 
"She says." Nadya spat the words.
"Yes, she says," Daniel agreed.. "She didn't have to tell us anything, much less warn us - but yes, it could all be made up."
He walked round to face her. "Is there more? More fog in front of more secrets that maybe will clear in time, but maybe won't?”
“Yes.”
“Maybe that is the real Russian Idea...turn everything inside out, make it as convoluted as possible so no one can understand it. Or is the Russian Idea actually Maxim's idea - brutal, uncompromising, violent...whatever it takes to get what you want?"
"You do not want to be fair, do you, Daniel? The Russian Idea is Berdyaev's idea - respect for others...love...beauty - let me be eloquent, the sublime beauty of creative individuals united in the spirit. It is just that I am too imperfect to live up to it. You think I manipulated you cynically but that is not true. Everything we have done together has been with deep respect for you. And as I came to love you, more. You are hurt, and you are taking your hurt out on me. I understand this, but it is wrong." Nadya hung her head, but she was glowing with anger.
"No," he admitted. "I don't want to be fair. Now I think - everything we did together was part of a plan, your plan. You were never just being there with me, not the laughs, not the sex, nothing - always a 'higher purpose' I guess you would call it. I am abused. My good nature...my emotions...much more than that too - trampled all over, with a very direct and honest promise of more to come."
“One day you will know everything. I promise you. For now, I just couldn't, Daniel. I am too ashamed.”
“Too ashamed? It must be really awful.”
“Yes, it is really awful. I am sorry.”
They had been standing in front of the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin but moved away as their argument grew more heated into the huge Tiergarten park that begins next to the gate. They had become conscious of passersby quickening their pace as they neared them and could hear the   rancour in the voices, and had abandoned safety concerns for an isolated park bench.
They had spent the first two days after Tatiana's revelations in their hotel room, hiding from Filatov and from each other, barely speaking, going out only to buy food at a supermarket across the road, and then watchfully. Finally, unable to bear the confines of the room any longer, Nadya  had unilaterally decided it would be safe to take in some public sights where safety would come in the crowd, and they had gone to Berlin's symbol, only for their suffering to erupt in an agony of recrimination.
“Anyway you are wrong about the Russian Idea." Nadya's voice steamed reproach. "Maxim was wrong. It is a good idea – the project too. Even Tatiana...” she caught herself, swallowed, and carried on. "Even Tatiana can see it."
“Sure.”
“I mean it, Daniel. Nothing exists to show Russia to the world as Russia, not really. There are centres here and there, but nothing at all like what the French, the English and the Americans and the Germans too have. Yet Russian culture is as good as any of these, has as much to say for itself. Yes, it was an unusual idea to bring Berdyaev into it, and I am guilty. It was my idea, not Maxim's. He was looking for something to bring you to Moscow; he said he wanted to get to know his son without the son knowing he was his father. That was very understandable to me. If you knew, you might make demands for money. And as you were a journalist, I got your writings and found Berdyaev. It was convenient, a nice fit. He was a Russian; you had been influenced by him. Of course, it meant more to me than this. But not considering this it is still a good idea. And thinking of it - making Berdyaev's ideas part of it - is good. There are so few people who believe in something like this - a spiritual basis for life, for life in the round. Holistic, they say now.
“So it is true – the Russian Idea is a good idea. It is creative to promote a different kind of cultural centre, like but unlike the Goethe Institute here in Germany, or the Alliance Francaise. It makes sense, will set the Russian Idea apart. It's positive without being imperialistic. And the others can be accused of that, of cultural imperialsm. There can be no such thing as spiritual imperialism.
“So you see, Daniel? It is real; you can still do it.”
“With you?”
“If you want me – yes, I want to.”
He shrugged. “I don't know. You are so – so...”
“I think untrustworthy is the word you may be looking for."
“Well?” He looked at her. She seemed perfectly calm, and he surprised himself by feeling calm again too.
“It is bad of me to say so, but I am not so untrustworthy as you think," she said softly."We are both victims.”
“About many things," he agreed. "Nadya I am very sorry about all of that. It must make you feel ill, to think you were working for this man, whose evil soaked into everything he did, and everything you did for him. It must colour all your memories. I appreciate that. But...”
“That is the civilised man in you trying to understand a beast and his effect on another person. It is beyond comprehension.”
“This happened to me also, Nadya. And your mother and father were killed - by my father. It is beyond comprehension to anyone who is not you or I, I think. We share this at the same time it divides us, but the but is still a but. If we are to work together – if we are to be together too – you must tell me the things you are concealing from me. It's the only way. Otherwise there can't be a future, for the Russian Idea, or for us.”
“Yes, I have noticed that you have not touched me since. We have been in Berlin for two days and only now are we talking.” Nadya stood up, walked a few paces, and then came back to stand in front of him.
“Let's go back to the hotel and make love, Daniel.”
“No.”
“Please. Try. I want you. I want you inside of me. I want the release of sex and I want the comfort you can give after. Ask yourself what Berdyaev would do. Seek the spiritual solution.”
“Spiritual sex? It won't work, Nadya. It would be bad for both of us.”
“Please! Daniel, I want our relationship to work. You don't understand how strongly I feel about you. You are the first man I have wanted this way. Does that mean nothing to you?”
“How can I know you mean that? The other times, when you were faking it...”
She got emotional again, and stamped her foot as she glared at him.
“You misunderstand even more, Daniel. I have never pretended with you about sex – with sex, in sex, or about my feelings. I have always told you the truth about these things, and I have always been myself when we have been intimate. You – you man!” She began to cry. “I'm going back anyway,” she said after a time. “You can come or not.”
The hotel that was their hideaway was quite a walk from their seat in the Tiergarten - a rundown affair off the Kufurstendamm, the city's famous shopping district. They took the unpleasant room because the hotel had a security gate and there was a chance Filatov would not be admitted.
Since the bombing there had been no sign of him. Getting out of Russia had been risky, and was risky yet – as a police officer he could check flight lists. But Tatiana had not seen or heard anything of him either and things were looking better when the police got involved and started hunting for him. “Of course,” Tatiana said when Nadya had rung her from a net and telephone cafe, “what the police say to me and what they really do are not necessarily the same thing.”
They had holed up for two days in the room before venturing out. Now she was dragging Daniel back again through the vast inner-city park that helps make Berlin a great city. Trailing along behind her, kicking stones on the earthen footpath, relishing his bad feelings, he suddenly caught a glimpse of himself in his mind's eye. What was he doing? Ruining things for himself, for her - because she'd deceived him. She had deceived him - and probably would go on to deceive him more. It was something in her nature - what had Tatiana said the day before the launch? She was a puzzle even to the genius of Maxim. Berdyaev's Russian Idea was one thing; Nadya was another Russian Idea altogether, and before the launch and its horrors he had made up his mind hers was an idea worth sticking to for life. What Tatiana had revealed to him about Nadya was shocking only as part of a great shock. In reality, he either had to accept her mysterious nature or not. He had earlier decided to accept it so what was he waiting for?
He trotted after her; she heard him and turned as he came up to her, her face hard.
“Nadya.” Suddenly he felt shy, a schoolboy...
“What is it, Daniel?”
“We can't go on like this. I'm sorry - I've been childish about things that are trivial compared to what you are going through, and me too. Let's go back to the hotel and be together. I love you.” He managed a weak grin.
The tension went out of her like air from a punctured balloon. She suddenly became calm again, warm and even happy, passing him a tissue and slipping her arm in his as they strolled. It was as if everything had been settled with magic dust. Yes, not Berdyaev's but Nadya's idea, this one. It was confusing and difficult, but he liked it all the same.
She knew Berlin as he did not, knew German as he did not, and pointed out landmarks and told stories about the forest in the park, recalling the past to make a future for themselves.
“The trees were all planted after the end of the war. There was no other fuel to keep warm in the winter and the trees that were there were cut down for firewood. Further along there is a kind of open-air museum of street lights – Berlin must be one of the few cities of the world that is still mostly lit by gas lamps instead of electricity...because of that they have collected some from other places, old ones I imagine, and have them lined up...there! There is the first one.”
When they neared the hotel, she pointed out a gap in the S-bahn, the overhead railway that is part of the city's public transport system. “Over there,” she said. “Let's go there; it's not far.” They crossed a small square she said was Savigny Platz to a low brick building. There was a glass painting across one wall of a group of people staring out. “See?” she said. “Now go around the other side.” The other side had the same people from the rear. “We can come at night,” she said. “There are lights behind it and it's very impressive.”
“Mmmnn.” They were still linked arm in arm. “Shall we get to the hotel. All this walking has made me hungry.” She laughed.
The hotel was older, and quite run-down. But they had a first floor room next to the staircase and could hear when people without keys rang the bell, and the steep staircase meant they would have time, if Filatov arrived, to take action – barricading the door and ringing the concierge or, if Filatov was mad and started shooting anyone and everyone, the police.
Their room had been tidied by the help; fresh towels were laid on the bed and the waste paper basket had been emptied. The carpet, bizarrely patterned after Kandinsky, had been hoovered.
“Well!” Nadya threw her bag on the dilapidated sofa that ran along a wall facing the wardrobe. “What would you like to eat, Mr Hungry?”
“You.”
She pulled off her top and unhooked the bra that seemed superfluous to him, her breasts were so small, letting it fall to the floor.
“There – now it is your turn.”
He stripped, and when he looked up from pulling off his trousers she was standing naked in front of him.
"I have been missing this – missing you, Daniel.”
“You are just incredibly erotic,” he murmured. “All this being together, arguing – it didn't help much.”
“No.” She smiled a kittenish smile. “I must say you argue very well; you don't get angry. No that is not right. You do get angry, but you don't let your anger disturb your argument. It is a good way to be.”
Two
“It's wonderful, isn't it?”
They had thrown caution to the winds about going out, touring the city by underground and the overground S-bahn, hitting the galleries and museums, and the other sites, including the Berlin Wall, what was left of it. Nadya surprised Daniel by speaking very good German and confessed that as a teenager she had been an exchange student with a family in a section of East Berlin.
“I like it here,” she said. “People are nice, and for a big city it is very safe, though of course no big city is really safe. Now that the Wall has come down it has changed a great deal for the better. I came here often with Maxim when he had business with customers in the pharmaceutical industry.”
“Do you find Germans are prejudiced against you for being Russian? Because of the Wall...and the Cold War?”
“Oh, some. But most know that the new generations are nothing to do with the war, and that  most Russians always hated Communism as they called it sometimes - the Soviet system. Germans too – the way Russians see them...some Russians think Germans are all Nazis, but most realise this is not so. The truth is that Germany and Russia are very close to each other in certain ways, and should have a much better partnership. A long time before Hitler, many Germans went to Russia. We often laughed at them – you can see that they are sometimes figures of fun in Pushkin, and Dostoevsky too. Even today - Maxim was embarrassed by his German-ness, or his Jewishness.
“Of course we are different too, we Russians and Germans, but looked at in the right way, our differences go together, fit like a two-piece jigsaw puzzle. There was an exhibition some years ago in Moscow comparing Berlin with Moscow, illustrating the similarities and differences between the two cities over the centuries. It was really very good.”
They were walking on the "museum island", a stretch of the Unter den Linden, the main thoroughfare of the former East Berlin, crowded with archaeological and cultural museums and the city cathedral, the Berliner Dom. The classical architecture of the museum buildings contrasted sharply with the needle of the city's television tower that shot up ahead of them. Nadya explained that the tower had been built by the East German regime and when it was finished it was discovered that sunlight on the spire's bulbous midriff showed up as a cross. After the fall, the architect claimed to have designed the effect deliberately.
“Ha! The one attempt at something like modern architecture in the zone, and it was hijacked.”
As they walked towards it Nadya pointed at a tram. “Only East Berlin had trams in the old days,” she said. “After the Fall, they kept them. People use them, and buses, but most go by S-Bahn and U-Bahn – the metro – if they can because they are more comfortable and faster.”
“Nadya, what are we going to do?” he asked abruptly.
“Think. I am already thinking. What about you?” She laughed. "It is a joke Daniel - you are always thinking."
“We need to agree on a plan, and we haven't discussed anything at all.”
She turned to him and kissed him, slipping her arms through his to squeeze his back. “It is a good plan to be in love”
He smiled down at her.
“You're making me erotic.”
“This is a very busy street, Daniel. You will have to wait.”
“You know,” he said, gently disengaging himself and drawing her along the pavement, “it might sound absurd but in some ways I have been waiting for you to come into my life, long before I met you. You're – difficult sometimes, but you fit me more closely than any woman I've known.”
“You are the same for me, Daniel. It hasn't been easy deceiving you.”
“So. My plan is to stay with you, whatever happens. Is that agreeable to you?”
“Oh yes.” Nadya smiled very sweetly. “I have made up my mind about this. But we have to think of everything else.”
“Such as Filatov.”
She was silent for a moment, then turned away before speaking.
“Yes Filatov first. We must wait to find out what is happening. Tatiana has not heard since she spoke with the police. I ring her every day – otherwise there is no way to know she is alive, or to get any news. It is hard - she was trapped, as you say, and at the end she tried to do something...but she knew...all those years." She looked at him. "I am not as you are about Berdyaev - perhaps I will manage some day. Today - my heart is divided about her. But after Filatov we need to decide about the Russian Idea – the project as you call it," she continued. "My webmail is loaded with requests from journalists asking for comments or seeking interviews. We are big news, Daniel.”
“You haven't said,” he objected.
“You seemed nervous enough already. Now I have said.”
“More manipulation – Nadya please. You are in control of the information flow; I need to know these things.”
She smiled at him, and he thought her look almost saintly - more puzzle, to be saintly while discussing her deceptions...
“You can think of it like that, but my heart was thinking of you, not about getting my way with something. There is a difference, and I would like you to keep information from me in the same way. Being delicate and sensitive, which you are.”
“OK. I'll remember what you have just said." He thought he should be angry, but found he couldn't be. "So what do we tell the media? They will want to know about the Russian Idea - and of course how it got Maxim shot. The terrorist - he was an opportunist.”
“What do you think?" she asked. "You are the PR expert."
"Who gets lectured by the love of his life about his profession - and rightly so. Well, to be honest, Nadya, Maxim's dismissal has rather put me off.”
“That is understandable – but it's wrong." She gestured toward a clump of greenery. "We have talked about this. Let's go over there.”
They had nearly reached the pregnant needle of the television tower and could walk to its base if they chose, but Nadya was pointing, sideways across the road. They crossed and in a small clearing among some low trees and shrubs found a bronze statue of Marx and Engels.
“The founders of scientific socialism,” laughed Daniel.
“Yes, and part of the competition for the Russian Idea.”
“These are silly statues,” Daniel said. “So-called socialist realism but not realistic at all. The bodies are not right, and their faces are worse.” Marx had a pie face underneath the beard, and was seated with his legs slightly apart, while Engels, looking quite stupid, was standing with his left arm dangling, his right on Marx's shoulder. “They look a bit like village idiots in their Sunday best.”
“That is true, but people still like to have their photos taken with them.” She pointed to where the statues had been worn shiny by people sitting on Marx's lap and holding Engels' hand.
“Surely people don't pay much attention to Marx nowadays, other than to mock him,”he said.
“Not just now, but you heard Papa. It wasn't Marx but his Russian followers who caused much of the trouble, however much he may have opened the doors for that to happen. He will return one day. There is still power in his ideas – and danger, without the spiritual approach that is the foundation of the Russian Idea.” She stared a challenge at him.
“We've never talked about why you are so attracted by Berdyaev,” Daniel said, to change the subject. “Maybe now is not the time, but we really need to get this sorted.”
“Oh, I can tell you now. He was forbidden when I was young, so naturally I wanted to read him.  When I was an adult I got in touch with Papa since my mother couldn't prevent me from seeing him any more. He was a specialist who could get books that were forbidden to ordinary people, and he got them, and read them, and when we came together, he gave them to me to read too. I thought Berdyaev was exciting about ideas, even if he wasn't quite right all the time. And I thought he was right a lot of the time. He gave me an understanding of philosophy and religion. Because Papa liked him it gave us a bridge to building a relationship, a spiritual relationship, something that was more or less forbidden in Soviet life - especially for teachers of Marxist philosophy. The way you use him - 'go inward to go outward' is how you put it - is what I like about him. You are not on your own but with everyone, through the spirit. This bridge over the ego to selflessness - it is wonderful. For a long time I have had the hope of doing something for him, to show how important he is, not just for Russia and the Russian Idea, but for philosophy in its real meaning – as how to live. So when I saw you had written some articles about him, my eyes lit up.” She laughed, a bit nervously. “There. You know it all now.”
“All about everything? Or just Berdyaev? It doesn't seem much to be ashamed of.”
“No.”
He skipped it.
“Let's hire bikes,” he suggested. “There are so many cyclists and I've seen a few places where you can hire them.”
“That's a good idea. We can do it closer to our hotel – that way they will be easier to return. There is a place a few blocks away.”
An hour later they were charging along cycle lanes that run beside the roads in the western part of the city. They headed for the Tiergarten first, stopping at a bench in the wooded expanse.
“In Moscow you wouldn't dare,” Nadya laughed.
“No, it's lethal there,” agreed Daniel. “Manchester is good for bikes,” he went on. “But not as good as this. There aren't many cycle lanes and the traffic can make you intimidated – though not so bad as Moscow.”
The bikes had lights and they decided to take a night ride along one of the canals that thread their way through the sprawling city. “There's no news of him,” Nadya answered his query about Filatov, “but he is hardly likely to be able to follow us on our bikes. And we can be careful, to watch.”
They set out after dinner at a cafe on Kant Strasse, ambling down side streets and eventually arriving as a spot they saw on their city map, near where a canal met the River Spree. There was a sloped track down to an earthen pathway that meandered through parkland along the canal bank, lit by gas lamps. A short distance from the ramp a series of benches looked inviting and they sat and watched the insects scurry hopelessly around the lamplights while the shadows cast on the water set tiny ripples of moon and gas beams floating across the surface.
“Mmmnnn.” Nadya snuggled up to Daniel. “It's nice here -romantic. In the summer we could...”
“We could now,” Daniel smiled. “It's not that cold, just a tiny chill in the air.”
She gave him a mischievous look. “Is that a proposition?”
“You could take it that way.”
She reached up to kiss him, her lips brushing against his, then pressing more firmly as her tongue darted into his mouth and flicked tiny sparks of excitement across his palate in a lightning jump from quiet pleasure to aching desire. She was wearing a light windbreaker and he began to unzip it; she did it for him, and unhooked her bra before taking his hand and pushing it beneath her jersey to rub the nipples he found so exquisite. When he touched them she cooed, and he could sense her unbuttoning her jeans so he could reach further...
“Lovebirds. It really is very sweet.”
Striding down the path bold as brass, in a black leather bomber jacket, his hair blown by the wind, Filatov looked very much like an aviator from a war film.
“You!” Daniel freed himself and leapt to his feet.
“Careful. You could get hurt.” Filatov gestured with the automatic pistol in his hand. “That would be a pity.”
Behind him Daniel heard Nadya hiss. “You – you bastard!” Suddenly there were shots, little ones, like hoarse coughs from an embarrassed theatre patron. Filatov stepped back for a moment, a look of surprise on his face. Then he rushed forward, pushing Daniel down on to the bench before  twisting the pistol out of Nadya's grip and tossing it casually into the water.
“You are foolish, Nadya. You have always been foolish, did you know that? Well, it is true. You got the gun from Sergei, Tatiana's guard and new love interest, didn't you? Not much help...” Filatov unbuttoned his jacket. Daniel could make out a kevlar bulletproof vest sticking out under a light jersey. “In Russia we are modern now, you see.”
Nadya stared at him sullenly.
“So – you've come to kill us," she sneered. "Yes, I got the gun from Sergei and it was not much help against the little boy with his big pistol. Go on then! Do it!”
“Not so quickly, Nadya. We need to talk. Maybe I won't shoot you at all.”
“Is that what you told your other victims? 'Maybe I won't shoot you at all'?”
“In fact – no." Filatov grinned. "Usually I didn't tell them anything. The Azeri gangster I shot outside your flat – I told him that I wanted him to shoot someone, and that I might let him go...I think he believed me. He was their biggest killer. But the others...no.”
Filatov grinned.
“You know, I came to appreciate men like that gangster – doing this. They lack imagination, most of them – no sense of style. But the pleasure they get from it...”
“You really are disgusting,” Nadya hissed. “An animal.”
“All of us are animals,” Filatov said agreeably. “Unless you believe that rubbish your hero Berdyaev puts out. Disgusting? Yes, perhaps.” He smiled, almost sadly it seemed to Daniel.
“It was fun at first, working with Maxim. And easy – no one thinks a policeman will be a murderer, and I had a reputation for honesty, even for getting my man. I worked very hard to create and maintain my reputation. Like the Mounties and the Texas Rangers,” he grinned at Daniel. 
“The challenge – the fun, the enjoyment – was to arrange things so there was a message, but not so obvious a message. Like Bulov – the man at the piano. Maxim and I talked a lot before that. He had to die – he was talking about Maxim's business and no oligarch will stand for that. It had to look like a warning to Maxim – that people were out to get him – but also a warning to Nadya, not to do anything foolish. And you are foolish, often – aren't you Nadya?”
“Yes, I am foolish – often.” Nadya glared at him.
"And just the arranging was fun – putting him like that, so he might have been playing and fallen asleep. Obviously, he wasn't killed there – I shot him, and put the knife in his back later, then took it out and replaced it when I propped him up on the stool.
“The one who got away was that paedophile, Father Mikhail. The bastard hung himself before I could get him out of prison and do it myself. Lermontov now – that was a real pleasure. A glutton  who fancied himself a gourmet. Stuffing him full of caviar and spreading it around his mouth was a delicious irony, don't you think?”
“I wouldn't know,” Daniel muttered.
“His wife, sadly, had to die also. It seemed unfair, but it was necessary - there had to be someone to blame. I took her to the family dacha and hung her. It was easy. Lermontov was bisexual; that is how he found out about the project, from Father Mikhail. Apparently he told that American, but the lie he told you - that it was all over Moscow - was just to hide his connection with the priest. He told me it was a lie, trying to get me not to shoot him. He was pathetic at that moment. And then the gang from Azerbaijan. They really were planning to attack Maxim, do you know that? No, you probably don't. I made an appointment to see them, all of them, to ask them questions about Bulov, and just shot them as they sat around a table. I had made them put their guns elsewhere. I left the one as I told you.
“Your papa, Nadya – I was at first unwilling to do it. We knew each other; I think he respected me, a little bit anyway, a grudging respect. And I liked him too. But Maxim did not like the idea that there was someone who was an exception, who didn't die from seeing you and Daniel. He thought it would make you suspicious at some point, and in the end I agreed. Vladimir let me in, of course he would, and I played with him for a while, before making him dress up. I got him to sit at his desk and did it there. I arranged the books, as if he had been reading them. Actually he was reading Marx. He was odd about Marx - he liked to find all the mistakes.”
“You – you -” Nadya stood up to charge him, but Filatov quite casually flicked her across the chin with the point of his pistol, and she flew backwards into Daniel's arms. He pointed the pistol at Daniel.
“You are responsible for her. Hold on to her.”
“Easy,” Daniel whispered to her. “Don't get beaten and shot.”
She struggled and Daniel held on to her. Filatov poked the pistol at her and she relented.
“Finish your horrible story,” she snapped. "You make me sick. I want to die."
“Yes – yes I will finish.” Filatov smiled. “Of course I hadn't known about the American, the homosexual one, or I would have killed him long before the press conference. He was news to me, and he killed Maxim, and that changed everything. The Chechen – he was like the American, smuggled in through the kitchen staff, only with high explosives strapped to his body. The security was very lax. The Chechens disliked Maxim because of his interests there, in Chechenya.
“It changed everything for me," he said again. "Without Maxim to share things with, to plan and instruct and approve and exult, the fun went out of it. I no longer had the energy - it went out of me pfft! like that. Tatiana has informed on me, as I suppose you know – Maxim watched her very closely, ever since they were married, and if she tried anything she would have been dead, immediately. She knew it. I could have killed her, even in the hospital, with her man-ape too. But while I was thinking about it, she told you...And then she found a detective whose allegiance is to another oligarch, not to me, and I am the one who is hunted. Of course it very embarrassing for the police, a killer detective, so I would not survive long after my arrest. I was lucky to fly to Warsaw when I did – and sneaked over the border here.”
“How did you find us?” Daniel wanted to know.
“I've been trailing you for days...I know Nadya's ideas about security and looked around and you were in the fifth hotel I staked out. It was not so hard. The point is that I have found you. I have watched you from a distance...saw you in the Tiergarten, and could have approached you there - but it did not feel right. When you hired the bikes, I hired one too! It is a good way to travel - I like it.” He smiled at Nadya. "You see - you really are very foolish, Nadya. You think of everything but the most obvious thing."
“Yes, well – if they are hunting for you, it's all been a wasted effort, hasn't it? Killing us won't keep you safe. You're finished, one way or another.” Daniel spoke in what he hoped was a voice of reason as he held Nadya tight. She was struggling...
“Oh, I agree!” Filatov smiled. “Absolutely. There is no doubt at all. Not even a very small doubt. No, I felt that it was necessary to find you to complete everything, to make all the loose ends that might have been in your minds tied up neatly and – may I say sweetly? I may. And I have done that. Now my task is fulfilled. It is important that some one knows...knows how it was, what it was like. From me. Tatiana is not a reliable witness.” His voice trailed off.
Filatov backed up to the low wall running along the canal, and sat on it.. “You see,” he said, “once you start killing it becomes easy.” He took his pistol, shoved it into his mouth, and pulled the trigger. A muffled snap, then the back of his head flew out into the water. The detective's bomber jacket seemed to deflate as it slid slowly backwards and Filatov tumbled noiselessly into the canal.
“Ah!” Nadya struggled to free herself. Daniel let her go. “Ah!” she said, rushing to the water's edge. She peered into it looking for the body. “An evil, evil, evil man. How could I...?”
“How could you what?” Daniel asked as he followed. They both leaned over the low wall but there was no sign of the body.
"Where is he?" Nadya shouted. She was hysterical. "He's pretending! I'm sure of it..."
A few metres out in the stream, Filatov suddenly bobbed up, face down...
"I don't think so," Daniel said, pointing. "He was finished and he knew it."
Nadya turned to him. Her face was twisted and her eyes were blazing. “I am so ashamed. When I came back to Moscow from Perm, he was put in charge of looking for my mother. It was just one case among thousands, but he appeared to be very diligent, and he began to court me – and he was successful. Daniel, that man was my husband! We separated several years ago, but we never divorced. I was ashamed to tell you even when I just thought you would think me – less intellectual. I asked him not to mention it, and he grinned...but he didn't. Of course I was grateful; I was already attracted to you and wanted you to think highly of me. And then, after Tatiana's story – I was just ashamed. I thought how this ugly man was living with me, pretending to love me, having sex with me, when I was really just a convenience while he played gangster with Maxim. How he had killed my mother, or arranged it...and then married me. It makes me feel worse than I have ever felt in my life. And to have to hide this from you, a man I have learned to love with all my heart.”
She straightened up her shoulders as when she first met him - straight-backed and with a steady, disconcerting gaze.
“No more secrets, Daniel. You know everything. This chapter in our lives is finished. Let's go – leave that thing in the water to the unlucky ones who find it. If you like we can get a better hotel and have separate beds, or even rooms. We are very wealthy, you know. It is your decision what happens next.”
“Why would I want a separate bed - or room?”
She turned her face up to his.
“Because I'm dirty – tainted by everything that has happened,  happened to you, and to me. There is an ugliness in my soul that can never be washed away. Tatiana understands this, and so do I. No amount of Berdyaev, no amount of spiritual renewal, can change that. Tatiana and I have more in common than I have wanted to admit, to you, or to myself.” She lowered her gaze in shame.
He took her in his arms, put his fingers under her downcast chin, and pulled it up. "You are talking nonsense, Nadya. Don't make Filatov's crimes your crimes. Don't allow the monkey Maxim made out of you ruin your life. He made a monkey out of me, too, and I'm not having it. Why should you?
"Nadya, I love you, and I will go on loving you - you difficult, complicated, intense woman. Be with me. Stay with me. Together...we can...I don't know what we can...but we can..." He kissed her gently on the lips. "It's starting to get cold, maybe we should get back to the hotel.” He began to kiss her again when she burst into tears.
Three
The conference room in the hotel was awash with cameras and journalists and security people – beefy men in uniforms who looked just like the beefy men in uniforms Daniel had seen in Russia, and probably just like those he would see anywhere, when he noticed. Just to be sure, there was no catering.
They'd spent two weeks thinking about what to do, and while they were thinking, enjoying Berlin.
In the end they'd decided on a press conference, but couldn't agree about what they were going to say. Maxim's skeptical attitude toward the Russian Idea had jaded Daniel's too, and he wasn't sure it was worth pursuing it to the point of an ambitious programme through cultural centres. It was just as easy - easier - to have the centres without Berdyaev and the difficulties he posed. People could be put off.
“I mean – it's a lot of work, Nadya. The money's obviously not a problem, not with hundreds of millions of pounds to play with. But we could spend say a quarter of that, working eighty hours a week, and no one will come.”
“So? Let no one come.” She looked at him. “It will take years before it can be called a failure, Daniel. The Russian Idea is like growing a crystal. You have to put a seed in the right medium, keep feeding it, and wait.”
“For how long?”
“Longer than we will live, perhaps.”
“I see. Well, Nadya, there is a famous saying, 'Life is too short'. Do you really think we should spend our lives pursuing this idea if it just doesn't seem to be working?”
“Something will work, Daniel. Giving Russian language lessons...bringing musicians to play Russian music...selling and lending Russian literature in Russian and in translation...Russian philosophy symposiums and lectures and conferences...Russian films and dance, and art exhibitions – it will be fun, don't you think? And don't worry - having Berdyaev and Dostoevsky and the others as part of it won't keep people away. People who are serious will be attracted by them in the end, while those who are not serious won't care. I am sure of it.”
“Culture as propaganda for an idea?”
“That is not a nice way of putting it, Daniel – and you know it. We will not be hiding anything so it is not like brainwashing or subtle persuasion. The Russian Idea is too good to be dishonest. It is easy to have this idea, and to promote it, without being forceful about it.”
“You have obviously thought all this through very carefully, Nadya. Why do you need me?”
Nadya laughed.
“You are trying to make me angry, Daniel. Perhaps you will succeed. We have talked about this in the past, isn't that so? You are needed because you are not Russian, because you understand Berdyaev, and because you are a public relations professional.”
“Those were just things you needed to say to get me to agree to the project. Maybe they don't matter now. You seem to be just as professional as I am - and more knowledgeable and talented with it.”
“When we talked about those things, Daniel, it was sincere from me.”
“Well, the last two are ok, but the 'not Russian' part is a bit of a stretch in my opinion.”
“I do not understand.”
“You don't need a non-Russian. You really just need you, with maybe a PR professional in the wings, just in case. That could be anybody though it would be easy for it to be me.”
“No, I don't think so. A non-Russian is very important. It is too easy for Russians to get caught up in things that are unimportant, and to be unable to explain things from the perspective of a foreigner.”
“Do you think I am going to have to learn Russian? It looks a bit odd this way – me championing a culture when I don't speak the language.”
“You are not championing a culture, Daniel, but an idea that has been produced in a culture. As part of that you are offering aspects of that culture. You do not need to speak the language to do this. You should learn Russian, or I would like you to do it – so you can speak with me, especially in bed.”
“Russian, the language of love?”
“Our Russian will be.”
So he arranged it. And there they all were, crowded into the hotel room, cameras flashing, television crews running around catching angles, getting ready...
It was easier because no one could be sure if it was really them. They had been a sidelight when disaster had hit in Moscow, and apparently out of focus in the melee when cameras were pointed at them. Couch had recognised him from a photo on Google images, a publicity shot for his former employer, but no one else seemed to have found it. Daniel actually took a quiet walk through the throng and no one bothered him. Maybe just no one dared. Or cared? Were they already on the media's list of lunatic fringe? Just two minutes of "how do you feel?" and it would all be over? Well, maybe...the media packs in Moscow hadn't all been shredded; people knew what it was about, in general anyway. But what they wanted was blood...
Finally it was time. He went back to the room off the corridor, where Nadya was waiting.
“Are you ready?” He looked at his love. She was dressed in a white blouse open at the neck; the dark blue skirt that hugged her knees gave way to sheer stockings sliding into buff black shoes. The thin gold chain around her throat dropped the cross attached to it just beneath the edge of the blouse. He felt it was odd that the necklace, this Christian symbol, made him want her...was intensely erotic to him. But it did; it was.
“Nadya, you are too beautiful. One of them will steal you away.”
“You see me as others do not.” She kissed him. “We should go; they will be eager...you will do as you think best, Daniel. I want you to be the prince of the Russian Idea, but if you do not want to be – explain it please, answer all their questions, and then we can find another way, later.”
He half felt like that – just telling people what it was about, without committing himself to anything, answering questions about the bombing...Couch...Maxim...the word had got out from Moscow about Filatov, so that would have to be there too...
He knew that was what the media scrum was there to hear...and it was tempting to let them slaver over it and forget the Russian Idea.
But he wouldn't do that. They would have to pay for that with a respectful ear about the Idea, even if he didn't believe in it.
And he wasn't sure. Right then, about to mount the stage and speak, he wasn't sure. The love of Nadya, her strength and commitment, and somewhere in himself a feeling for the rightness of the Idea, that it really did matter, and that he was somehow the right person to make it matter - and he still wasn't sure. He had two sets of speech notes - which would he choose?
They went out into the hall, passing by the security guards with quiet smiles. They smiled back, and opened the double doors to the room. Like royalty, Daniel thought - just this once.
The heads turned to look as they passed down the aisle. Some waved to attract attention – a better photo opportunity. Cameras flashed. A man with a television camera rushed to crouch in front of them and film as they strode to the stage, pulling off a dazzling display of athleticism in staying low as he reeled himself back in front of them.
The cameraman stood and moved aside to let Nadya mount the steps to the platform. There were two chairs next to the rostrum and she went to one and sat on it. Daniel waited till then to run up the stairs and go to her. He leant over to whisper to her. “I don't know what I'm going to say, Nadya,” he confessed. “Let's hope it is the right thing. But I love you.”
Nadya looked up at him. She seemed to glow, a quiet light in her spirit suddenly visible. She smiled, a warm loving smile, put her fingers to his lips, slid her hand around his neck and pulled him to her. As she kissed him he could hear the flashes spark in the cameras in the hall over the sudden silence made by an astonishing revelation of love. He felt dizzy, crazy, as if he was in a circus – ringmaster, or clown?
She let him go. He smiled, deep into her eyes, straightened up and went to the rostrum. A sea of faces stared at him. What were they thinking? What were they expecting? He thought he'd known, but was no longer sure.
His face was burning. His soul was on fire as he cleared his throat and bent his head slightly to speak into the microphone.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he said in a firm, even voice. “The Russian Idea...”
The end

