                                                The Indian Owner
Raju looked at his father lovingly but with a tinge of sadness .His father was a factory worker in a unit in Daman Gujarat and hardly earned much income. Mother being a homemaker had brought up the three children under conditions of extreme poverty but with pride and a sense of purpose .Father was used to a mechanical existence of going to the factory and returning, the monotony having killed his enterprise in thoughts and emotions if any.
Raju had finished his graduation in commerce and had stars in his eyes. Bombay now rechristened Mumbai had an abiding fascination in his mind where the rich and the poor jostle for space and attention, at times in equal measures but for different reasons. Raju wanted to make it big and break the shackles of the environment in which he currently operated. Thus commenced his journey and tryst with destiny when he told his parents of his desire to become a big industrialist like the Tatas, Birlas or the Ambanis.
His father laughed at his childish statements while his mother looked at him with pride and conviction and sure that her child would be different, but how different can different be she had no clue.
Raju was excited with the thought of doing business in Mumbai and being an entrepreneur as he did not wish to serve anybody. He had decidedly embarked on a tough journey of creating wealth for himself and hopefully become famous. Raju came to Mumbai by bus and went to town to look for a paying guest accommodation. The rates were exorbitant and with virtually only Rs. 1000 in his pocket given to him on the sly by his loving mother, he was not quiet sure of whether he had made the right decision. He searched the whole day and slept on the platform at the VT station now known as CST not knowing what he would do tomorrow morning .As the first rays of sunlight hit his eyes and the unseemly commotion caught his ears it dawned on him that Raju a commerce graduate was as good as the street urchins near him still sleeping and the look in their eyes indicated possible bliss while asleep.
Raju looked around and found a tea shop serving hot tea –Masala chai and without brushing his teeth had tea maybe for the first time in his life .He was here on a mission and the first step was to find shelter but none was available .He continued his search in the morning and ended up at a lodge where the owner asked for a deposit of Rs .1000 and a rent of Rs. 300 per month .Raju would be entitled for a cot in this mosquito infested area and share the room with ten people. God where had he landed himself and was this the right thing to do or go back to Daman and find a job in the neighborhood factory. His father’s sarcastic laughter echoed in his ears as much as his mother’s quiet pride which made him still stronger and forcing him not to beat a hasty retreat.
Raju had the mental toughness as a kid to bear taunts for his small structure while in school and not so handsome looks while in college where pretty girls ignored him and good looking boys made fun of him. He looked around the room and made a mental note of his room mates and could barely suppress his fear of being with guys who looked anything but civil. The future looked bleak and Raju felt he had only himself to blame for taking this decision.
While sitting in the room, Shyam a drug peddler, was talking of how money could be made by smuggling electronic items which would be relatively safe but involved being at the docks early morning when ships come and dock themselves.
 Drugs seemed to be a scary proposition but Raju was comfortable with electronic items as he had a fascination for gadgets from childhood. Mobile telephony had made cell phones a craze in the country and Raju was sure he could trade on these items in the grey market with ease. Call it intuition or sheer confidence but then this conversation sowed the seeds of trading in electronic items in the grey markets.
Raju as it is could not sleep in the night being worried that he may not reach the port early morning at 4 a.m. At three he tiptoed out of the room and moved out to reach Mazagon Docks in Colaba .Raju was aghast by what he saw as some sailors were busy reaching out to children and luring them for sex in exchange for food and money, all this in the open. Some were foreigners and seemed to be hell bent on sodomy while the terrified children were only looking for food and money as a way to survive.
Raju surveyed the landscape and then went to an old man who seemed to be telling stories of a bygone era of the British Raju and nostalgic moments .He asked the old man about smuggled electronic goods and the old man burst into laughter. Are you new son to this part of the world? Welcome to the city of dreams and greed! Raju took a liking to this old man but did not quite understand how he had survived thus far.
The old man had been a sailor and had got into drinking in a big way and lost his job. Now he survived by informing smugglers if there was going to be a raid by the authorities and getting his quota of drinks free of cost and some left over food for survival. He had no family and was willing to tell Raju how to go about in this trade .Raju felt happy that he had made the right contact so quickly. Mumbai, the land of the rich and famous, and Bollywood beckoned him.Raju would not let go of this opportunity of making his millions by means fair or foul. Well the old man was there as a father figure for company .Raju made the first decisive move for entering the big bad world of smuggling and smugglers.
Next morning without fail he was there at three and made the first contact with the smugglers, courtesy  the old man.Raju was asked a few questions in terms of background and his honesty levels which amused him initially as here he was embarking on an unethical activity and asked to be truthful.
He would be given a few costly cell phones, two in number and he had to sell and come back with the money without fail or else he would not reach his lodge ever again.Raju trembled at the thought of being beaten up but mustered enough courage to say that he would sell it and return the next morning.
Normal course was to go to Heera Panna, the smuggled goods market, and give it to the shopkeepers there but then Raju had a better idea. Why not sell it himself to women in beauty parlours.To him this sounded a good idea-a novel one and having patted himself on the back, his first port of call was Twinkle Beauty Parlour. The lady owner was stern and did not like the idea of Raju selling mobile phones in her shop but then Raju the trader promised good commission to her. Her eyes lit up and she agreed to his request to stay put in the parlour while the women clients come for their hair care and skin care. The first lady he met was a middle aged woman who took a liking to him and agreed to purchase it only on one condition that he comes home with her. Surprised he readily agreed and followed her without any fuss little realizing the consequences. She purchased the piece in cash and Raju had made Rs. 3000, a big sum from just a single piece, she gave him food and also offered a cot to rest.Raju had his first good meal in a long time and went to sleep. When he woke up he found the woman naked and besides him in bed and this shook him as he barely suppressed a shriek.
She looked at him fondly, her obese body all over him imploring him to explore her .Raju confused and apologetic was helplessly pleading to be released from this ordeal as he had to sell one more piece and give the money to the smugglers in the night.
The woman would not take no for an answer and would make up for the lost sale by buying the second piece if he had sex with her.
Raju was a virgin and to him this was all new and he had not given much thought to it. Not that it bothered him so long as he could make money. He gave into her demands and felt suffocated in the act and also repulsed in the process but in the bargain he had sold the cell at a higher price with a promise to come again. He quickly ran for dear life.
Raju had tasted blood and started doing business in Mumbai-conjuring up the vision of becoming rich. He could not wait for the next day as he wanted to show the big smugglers the selling prowess he had with his innovative methods.
Next morning the guys were impressed with this quick sale and left him with Rs. 3000 which made Raju feel rich. He was given another ten pieces to sell and he did it with panache in other beauty parlours and selling it to women only. Slowly his inquisitive mind had started building a customer base as these beauty parlours also were pick up joints where massages were given by women to men in the evening.
He started understanding the requirements of the women, be it cell phones watches, perfumes, expensive pens and bags. He started understanding the male customers to whom these women were catering –wealthy and with only sex on their mind, traders in commodities, stock brokers and real estate agents.
The business was getting better and by now he had started selling other items and making a mark for himself in selling luxury items.Raju was not only selling but creating a database for mining in the future. This would hold him in good stead as he had learnt to use windows and excel while in college.
Raju quickly kept a smuggled laptop for himself to document what would prove to be more valuable in years to come, the database that had come his way.Raju had helpers to assist him in selling the products and now he did not have to make the morning rounds any more. He had found a PG accommodation in Colaba and this too out of his own earnings and able to pay the monthly rentals, all within one year of his arrival in Mumbai. His father earned Rs. 3000 per month till the very end and here he was at the age of 21 earning close to Rs. 40000 per month. Not a bad start by any standards.
Raju looked for a stall near the docks to house his shop but then had to keep the policeman in good humour as these were unauthorized temp structures .He made friends with the policemen and the municipality clerks and got his first shop to display these illegal items.  
Two years had passed in this business and Raju had graduated to selling IPODs and PDAs along with laptops and other luxury goods.Raju moved to a one bed room apartment in a distinct suburb, Borivili, and now had the guts to invite his parents to stay with him.
It was a great moment when he asked his parents to permanently stay with him and not wanting them to be in their village. His mother was proud of his achievements while his father looked askance as to how he had done this, a touch of reproval in his voice.Raju adroitly parried over the matter asking them to bask in the son’s performance .A trace of arrogance had crept into Raju unconsciously in the last few years. And this could well be the beginning of an irreversible trait in him, abrasive yet kind and harsh but with a heart of gold.
Raju was getting restless as the Mumbai locals did not help him much in terms of furthering his dreams. He was hell bent on having a lavish lifestyle with cars and servants at his doorstep, he longed for it.
The journey by train was stifling his creative urges .He wanted to do something big, like setting up his own processing unit, how and where Raju did not have a clue.
Raju in the last few years had got hold of  a Chartered Accountant by the name Shyam to do his accounts and help in tax planning, more by way of evasion than being legitimate in terms of accounting treatment and claiming exemptions.
Shyam had a small 200 sq ft office in Princess Street, Kalbadevi where accounting profits were manufactured by buying and selling profits and losses. The big firms would not be involved in these areas but if needed the partners of even the Big Four would recommend these Chartered accountants and take a cut in the form of kickback for referrals. So much for ethical practices and corporate governance.
Raju decided to engage Shyam in a sort of brainstorming to create a document to get finance from a bank.Shyam was on friendly terms with senior managers in public sector banks as he filed their returns free of cost for favors to be received at a future date.
Raju did not have any money to speak of in his capital account and Shyam being the financial brain spoke to him at length on buying entries and increasing his capital account balance on paper.
Raju's mind worked more on the business aspect and was not paying attention to whatever Shyam was telling him. Suffice to note that Shyam could arrange the funds but at a cost which at 10% looked too much.Raju made a mental note to ask Shyam about this exorbitant cost sometime later. Right now was not the time to ask for the cost but to get the work done.
Suddenly a thought struck Raju and he called up Shyam and asked him the deadline to get the project going.Shyam a trifle surprised quizzed Raju and asked him for the project details. He added,”Raju the project needs to be viable and has to pass muster with the investment committee. Can I know which industry you are talking about to have these funds raised?”
Raju immediately replied that it was in the mineral water business with backward integration in bottles for filling the water. Shyam not having a business bent of mind was not sure of the project viability and wanted to sit with Raju with a series of questions to complete the paperwork.
Raju in the course of his selling had chanced to meet the FDA chief in the city who was knowledgeable but a frustrated person not having earned much money.Dr Naik was a man who felt the world ill treated him and did not respect him for his competence. He had passed out of UDCT a premier institute for chemical technology and his classmate was Mukesh Ambani, now the chief of Reliance Industries Ltd., a fortune 500 company. Pushing towards 50 and not having achieved much he was contemplating a shift to the private sector.
Raju called him for an appointment and Dr.Naik willingly obliged to see him the very same afternoon.Raju took Shyam along with him for this meeting.
“How are you sir?” Raju was at his courteous best while dealing with beaurocrats knowing fully well that their ego had to be pampered.
“It is a pleasure to see you Raju.And how is your business?”Dr Naik asks, leading him to the visitors' room which desperately needs a facelift. Raju replies,”sir it has been good but I have become restless and want to do bigger things in life and become an industrialist.”
Dr. Naik cannot but feel amused and further probes, “how can I be of any help as I would not take any risk and neither would I venture in the private sector?”
Raju full of earnestness answers “Sir, I need you to head my company which will be in the mineral water business and also have backward integration in manufacturing PET bottles, one litre and 20 litre as it is a growing market. Your qualifications and credentials are necessary for me to have the Public sector bank,BBI to approve the loan. Sir the project cost is Rs. 20 crore and I have put in Rs. 5 crore and the bank will give Rs. 15 crore.You do not have to put any money .Please sir only tell me what salary you want and we shall proceed but you have to be with me.”
Dr Naik looks at this boy 25 years of age and cannot but admire his guts and looking at Shyam comments, “Do you think the project is viable and how much salary can the company afford to pay me?”
Shyam a silent spectator had not been expecting any questions and fumbles in reply barely concealing his surprise ,nay shock of Dr. Naik contemplating to join this company yet to be incorporated. “Sir it is viable and we can afford to pay Rs. 50,000 per month” and one look at Raju’s face and Shyam knows he has made a mistake.
Dr. Naik had been drawing only Rs. 12000 per month and Shyam had oversold the project.Raju interjects,  “Please think about it sir and we shall bring the project report in the next week and also how we intend funding the same. But sir we would need your help in recruiting the right people. Thank you sir and good day to you.”
No sooner Raju and Shyam were out of the building Raju lets out a volley of expletives at Shyam and the first of the many times Shyam is going to face this fury , but then he calms down and says “Shyam we have done it. So what if it costs us more, all professionals are greedy but they portray as though they are ethical. Today is our day and let us go to the dance bar and celebrate.”
Stallion Dance bar is a smoke filled place with Bollywood beats and customers throwing money while enjoying the titillating movements of the dancers all in garish costumes. The girls all in the early twenties were well endowed making eye contact and focusing on the customer who gave the maximum tips for their dance steps.Shyam a pro at this had a 100 rupee note to a girl, keeping a wad ready on the table with a Kingfisher bottle of beer near it.
For all his business acumen Raju is a novice at this and a bit bewildered at how Shyam can get transformed in a dance bar as a pro.Shyam is enjoying the latest hit Bollywood song and has started wooing one of the girls by giving her 500 rupee notes in quick succession during a refill.
Shyam with a slur in his talk tells the girl “Mary take care of the ‘sheth’ he is the next big man in town and will be in the papers.” “Raju hold the girl’s hands Yaar.She is so tender and beautiful and she will bring joy and happiness to you.”  “Mary make him happy and we will give you more money.” 
Raju now slowly gets the hang of Mumbai night life and kind of enjoys it. The waitress offers a cigarette and also pours the beer in style the froth forming a nice fizz near the rim of the glass.Raju gulps down the beer and lights the cigarette inhaling the puffs as though it is the road to freedom .Yes Raju is on a high and as Shyam rightly put it he is going to make a mark in this big bad world .
Shyam has had a few pegs and his examination of  the girls by feeling a few girls gently without being crude in the act basically only holding their hands or touching their shoulder and finally tells Raju “Boss this girl is real cute. Take her, she is your type.” Raju half in jest starts asking how does he know his taste in women but then Shyam gives that knowing glance and bursts into laughter more hysterical than real. Raju slowly winds his way up to a small room in the dance bar with the girl recommended by Shyam slowly following him keeping a respectable distance so that ostensibly nobody sees them going to the room. The girl looks at him in the room and tells him it will cost Rs. 5000 and Raju does not even protest but just looks sizzled and nods his head vigorously .The girl slowly starts undressing him and Raju has passed out by this time and the girl is a trifle surprised. She is a pro and understands that he is new to the game .A wave of sympathy engulfs her but then she is sure that these Seths later become pros and their innocence is a thing of the past. All this is what money makes a man do or so she sums up.
Raju wakes up the next morning at Shyam's place not knowing why he is here.Shyam then explains his condition and how he could not have gone home in this condition as his parents would have a shock to see him in such a state.
Raju asks Shyam “hey what happened to the girl? Did you pay her she was so cute and innocent? ”
Shyam responds, “This is the beginning boss and as we do well we will go to bigger and better places.”
Time to get back to work. Raju asks for a quick update on the sales from his boys. He has now completely left it to his second in command ,Govind to trade in  the smuggled items but to keep him posted on this count. On the phone he barks “Govind do not touch drugs and no trading in other items which can land us in jail.” Govind replies a cheerful “Yes Boss”. Slowly Govind is becoming his man Friday as all the excess money is in his custody and slowly he starts investing in property at Raju’s behest. Intelligent kid or so Raju feels, and can be fully trusted is his estimation.
Raju decides to call Dr. Naik and he is formal on the phone asking him to come in the afternoon to his office but abruptly hangs up.
Raju is mildly puzzled at this behaviour but lets go of the thought , making a mental note that this could pose serious problems in people relationship in the future .Dr Naik is warm and welcoming when he goes to his office and offers him a cup of tea , “Raju, I had a chat with my family and they are okay with the arrangement, only request to you is I need funds immediately as my son is going to the engineering college and we need to pay a donation of Rs. 10 lac”.Raju just nods his head fully understanding the implications of greed but asks him for time and Dr. Naik says it can be done in a week. Well it seems he has done a favour to Raju by delaying asking for this amount and there is a look of smug satisfaction on his face.Raju knows he has been made a sucker in the process.Raju just collects himself, his temper barely under control and asks “Dr. Naik you need to get a good team to run the factory and sales and that is your responsibility” to which Dr. Naik agrees after a mild protest at the burden being put on him and the risk he will be taking by asking his colleagues to join him.
Raju has crossed a serious hurdle of getting the other people and he rationalizes it is well worth the ten lacs being given upfront to Dr. Naik.
Next he asks Shyam to meet him and tells him “ we have to organize Rs 10 lacs” and Shyam is aghast at the deal made  with Dr. Naik. Shyam the ever cautious accountant pleads with Raju to drop Dr. Naik and look for another person. For the first time in a very serious tone Raju says “Shyam in life we have to weigh the risks.Business is all about flirting with danger and romancing risk. Today I have flirted with danger but then the results will come as people make a difference in terms of achieving your goals. Right People at the Right Place at the Right Time, Shyam,  and we have to pay a price for this”. These words would prove to be prophetic in years to come and time would tell the difference.
Shyam deflects the topic and tells him that the project report is getting ready but he needs details on the technical aspects of the project  as PSB bank is asking for a detailed report. The PSB bank manager is a good friend of Shyam's having been in college together and Shyam handles his tax papers and filing of returns.
Raju tells him that a meeting between with Dr.Naik will do the trick as he is an expert having traveled globally and knowledgeable in this field.
Next day they have  a meeting with Dr. Naik and his technical competence makes Shyam feel that here is a great guy for the mineral water project but then good things in life cost a bomb and we should be happy on the contrary that we got him at a reasonable price.
Raju in the meantime has arranged for the 10 lacs to be given to Dr. Naik with help  from his smuggling friends and Govind his man Friday has played a stellar role in doing it in quick time.Govind reassures Raju “Boss we will pay it back as business is good and now I have started selling gold biscuits also and margins are high.”  A smile on his lips communicates his appreciation to Govind, such has been their understanding built over a long period.
Shyam has prepared the report and the bank manager has laid out the terms for approving the project. The total project cost is Rs. 3 crore and Raju's contribution in white has to be Rs. 50 lacs minimum as part of the promoter’s contribution to the project.
Shyam looks at the capital account and the bank balance and there is only Rs. 2 lacs in the bank , the rest is all black money.Raju is a trifle impatient and asks “Shyam when are we going to get the sanction from the bank as we have to order the machinery and also need money to find a corporate office. ” Shyam retorts “Raju things cannot be done so quickly and we need to show white money on paper so need to convert all your black to white at a cost of 10%.” Raju screams in disbelief “are you serious and what about the tax impact on all this hard earned money virtually through sweat and tears?” Shyam polite and confident as this is his area of competence replies, “Raju in your own words when you dream big you have to pay a price and you are a risk taker and we do not have a choice if you need bank funding. Yes the kickbacks to the bank manager and up the hierarchy are the speed money to put the approval on a fast track”.
Raju now much composed just replies “let’s go for it and get it really fast and I shall arrange the money.”
Raju goes to his shop and is filled with nostalgia as it all started five years ago. The shop is the same and employees are in animated conversation of whom to sell what and telling stories of their escapades in the night and the time at the beauty parlours.Raju looks around and asks for Govind and suddenly a hush descends in the room. Some of the employees are seeing their big boss for the first time looking at him in awe and surprise.
Govind dressed smartly in black, materializes in no time and in his usual cheerful voice asks” Boss what brings you here and why did you take the trouble to come I would have reached wherever you would have called me”. Pleasantries over, Raju tells him of his requirements and Govind with a poker face says it will be orgainsed if need be in the form of book entries.
“Boss so long as Govind is alive you have his word that he shall try to do the impossible as you gave me a life of my own although I was an orphan and I owe it to you.”
Raju embraces him and then leaves the office just telling himself Govind has come of age and this is his business and Raju can only watch the youngster scale greater heights in this illegal and illegitimate activity. A don in the making!
Raju is getting into the corporate world apparently sophisticated but more corrupt and dishonest than the underworld in business dealings. He is slowly learning the corporate lingo and the jargons and is sort of getting drawn to it as a fish to water. He wants to forget his dubious past dealing with the smugglers but then he knows in times like this only they come handy.
Shyam has fixed a meeting with the bank manager and Raju asks to be at his elegant best as this is his appraisal and present himself formally in a suit to impress the credit team.
The norms are simple as per the government guidelines this is well within the powers of the Chairman to sanction the term loan being less than Rs. 5 crore .Only beyond Rs. 5 crore needs a committee of directors to approve it and beyond Rs. 20 crore it has to be approved by the board of directors .As Shyam shares these norms for approval Raju has started thinking ahead of putting up a PET bottle plant fully automated to manufacture 1 litre and 20 litre  polycarbonate bottles as part of the process of backward integration and to his mind this project will be  a winner .Back to the present Raju has to get the approval of the credit committee as part of today’s agenda. They will look at only two parameters his ability and willingness to pay the installments as equated monthly installments on the term loan.
Ability is based on the operational cash flows that can be generated from the business and willingness is his ethical quotient whether funds will be diverted for personal use or will be used only in the business.Shyam tells him to be polite and firm in his approach and not to be servile or arrogant as both do not serve the purpose. 
Raju is exasperated as kickbacks have to be paid and over and above that he will be subject to scrutiny.Raju and Shyam along with Dr Naik enter the meeting where three officers of PSB bank are sitting, forming the credit committee and have the preliminary introductions done  and exchange their visiting cards.
Raju initiates the discussions addressing the committee and saying “Sirs  we in Babco ltd. are very confident of the mineral water project as it has both the potential and the market as consumers are willing to pay a price for good bacteria free mineral water.And more  importantly,  we have a team in place and Dr. Naik in fact heads the organization in the true sense and he will explain the process.” The committee listens politely to Dr. Naik and once it is over the senior member in the committee just asks one question to Raju “How will cash flows be generated and will the loan be used only for capex or even for working capital? ” Shyam interjects “Sir we will use it for plant and machinery and a small portion for working capital requirement and cash flow will be sufficient to pay the term loan installment and we shall do it.”
Babco ltd. will get a loan or so Raju and his team conclude while they leave the room and Shyam promises to call the bank manager the next day.
The Bank manager has good news the next day as the loan has been sanctioned but then they need additional collateral as it is a new venture and will also need a higher promoter margin of 25%.The interest rate is also higher at 13%.
Shyam agrees to these conditions and Raju though concerned on the funding aspect heaves a sigh of relief .At least a beginning has been made and now the project can be on fast track.
Raju calls Dr. Naik and informs him that funds are in place and he should recruit and start looking at setting up the project. Dr.Naik is pleased as cheese and is excited about this whole activity and talks of having a corporate office.Raju has already identified a 2000 sq. ft. corporate office fully furnished in Nariman Point and has taken it on a three year lease and can start operations immediately.
Raju’s dreams are taking shape slowly but surely and he wants to have the project up and kicking in 9 months without being sure whether it is feasible.
Shyam in his own inimitable way tells Raju “Boss we need to be careful of the project cost and so we can have an actual budget because what is given to the bank is only paperwork to get higher funds, but in reality our costs are lower.” Raju understands the cushioning factor and tells Shyam to prepare a realistic Capital expenditure budget for the project without the bells and whistles.
In the meantime the Nariman Point office has been taken up and a small pooja is slated for the coming Friday.
Raju calls his parents over for the puja and they are indeed proud of what their son has achieved.Raju's mother considers Shyam to be her other son and tells him “Please be at his side as a partner and never leave him and my blessings are for you as a team to reach greater heights.” Shyam quickly asks “Ma, when are you getting Raju married?”  Raju’s look indicates he is not happy with this unwarranted statement by Shyam.but his mother is extremely happy and looking sternly at Raju tells him” Son ,I have seen  a girl and I want you to have  a look at her as you have reached the age to get married and settle down.” Shyam is excited and disregarding Raju’s protests asks his mother to set up a date to see the girl for him and Raju to approve, Raju’s mother is thrilled and his father nods silently in approval.
Raju’s mind is on other pressing things and he soon starts talking about how to set the project in fast gear.
Dr. Naik has been on a recruitment spree and has the team in place for production and marketing and so also a project manager for setting up the project.
Raju decides to have weekly meetings to get the project in shape and asks Dr. Naik how it should be structured.
Dr. Naik though knowledgeable has never set up a project and he tells Raju to go ahead as he deems appropriate as this is not his area of expertise.
Raju having done deals in the past in terms of consignment to be taken from the docks and sold on a timely basis has an innate understanding of the project time frame and being good at numbers decides to take the responsibility on his shoulders for project implementation.
Raju remarks “ Dr. Naik if I get the project up in three months can you give me sales for six months at the rate of Rs. 5 crore  per month on an average and can this be done on  a pre-sale basis to institutions? ”
“Rajubhai you are asking for the impossible as we cannot do so much of sales when staff has just been recruited.”
“Hold the line Doc we can do it provided you get government bulk contracts say for example supply to the railways department by getting into the tendering business.” 
Dr. Naik nods his head though his expression does not indicate full confidence but then he sees a window of opportunity and feels it can be experimented.
“Rajubhai we will give it  a shot” is the parting reply from Dr. Naik which makes Raju feel happy .
The project manager is on his toes and Raju has had budget estimation for the plant to be set up and has zeroed in on an architect who has designed good plants and has a reputation for fast implementation .The contractor is also a seasoned hand and agrees to do up the plant at Rs. 900 per sq ft. , reasonable in terms of costs given the demanding time frame and standards insisted upon.
Shyam comes over to give the good news that the sanction letter can now be processed and only  a bank account needs to be opened for operation of the bank limits.
Raju wakes up to the thought of ordering the machinery where he needs Dr. Naik’s help and tells Shyam to be present for  a meeting to be held the coming Monday after the weekend to get things moving in this direction.
For the first time in so many years Raju feels like being home on a Sunday and spending time with his parents. His mind briefly moves to what is happening in the electronics business but decides only to make a telephone call and asks “Govind is all under control?” “Yes Boss things well under control and we have made bumper money by getting into selling costly high end Swiss watches and boss I would like to meet you to discuss other new areas  .” Raju asks him to tell it fast on the phone and Govind in a slightly unhappy voice says this cannot be discussed on the phone and is keen to see him on Sunday at home.
Raju wakes up a bit late and by that time Govind has landed for breakfast and is talking to his parents who are very proud of their son’s progress. When Raju comes in there is a hushed silence and Govind comes and hugs him and asks him “Sir how are you and you look very tired and please do not overwork yourself.” Raju gets down to business quickly while his parents move to the other room asking Govind to spell out his new action plan.Govind on serious note says “Boss we are getting into escort services where ladies are provided to rich men and we have a large cut of 15%”.Raj is not excited as it can dent his reputation but then Govind persists and finally Raju relents but with only one caveat.“ We should never get into drugs as this is a natural progression when we are starting this business.”  Govind triumphantly says “Boss we are on and making money.” Raju slightly puzzled asks him, what is this business of seeking approval when you are already into it and have taken the decision. A sincere reply from Govind in true business sense “Boss I test marketed the concept and it is successful and if you do not permit we shall withdraw.” Raju is full of admiration for this Man Friday –This young kid has come of age and may be this drive is what he is looking for in his mineral project plant. He gives him a pat on the back and tells him that he should go for the kill.Govind elated takes leave from him to embark on his next journey in this murky world.
Dr. Naik has in the meantime been busy recruiting people and setting up standard operating procedures (SOPs) with a view to have people, products and processes in place. The scientist in him looks at R& D with great interest and has looked at the R& D lab where he too can spend time looking at new technology and possibly having process patents in place for new resins to be discovered.
As money is in free flow getting people and putting processes in place has not been a problem. But understanding markets and getting the right products in the market with a customer pull is going to be his challenge.
A meeting between Raju, Dr. Naik and Shyam is held and they decide to go to UK, US and Italy for the machinery to be seen and ordered.
Shyam is going to coordinate the entire activity and at Dr. Naik's behest they have a water consultant to accompany them to provide expert advice in terms of machinery and level of automation needed, given the Indian context.
Shyam has also organized the opening of LCs and  and draw down has began after the kickbacks have been agreed upon.Shyam the hatchet man is entrusted with keeping it to a minimum and has settled it at 7% .This is to be paid to the Bank manager and upwards till the Executive Director.
The Bank Manager –a fat guy also wants to enjoy the night life in Mumbai and tells Shyam that we have to celebrate this occasion. A Raju decline to join and so Shyam takes this guy to a happening Dance bar in Mumbai where young girls from Mangalore, Haryana, Shillong and Calcutta have come to make it big in Mumbai.
The girls imagining themselves to be Aishwarya Rais and Madhuri Dixits sway to the loud music while the fat Bank manager and Shyam have started drinking and throwing 100 rupee notes.
The Fat bank manager’s roving eyes settle on a young nubile girl and he keeps giving her money and touching her once in a while, smoke circles formed with a Marlborough cigarette are being directed at this young girl.
The girl moves closer to him and starts smiling at him which makes the bank manager feel elated and he looks at the night longingly.Shyam sees money flowing faster than water and while quietly sitting and appraising the women with apparent no interest is looking for this night to come to an end.
“Sirji when can we go?” Shyam asks “arre yaar, the night is young and we have just begun enjoying and please Shyam be with me”, responds the bank manager.
The young girl has given her mobile number after a 1000 rupee note has been passed on to her by the bank manager. The night is coming to an end and the manager fully drunk is now escorted out by Shyam clutching a piece of paper having her mobile number.
The dance bar smoke has caused suffocation to Shyam and he is only too happy to get out of the dingy place his objective having been achieved.
Next day the bank manager is very cheerful and willing to go the extra mile for ad hoc drawings informally if the need arises.
The project is coming at breakneck speed and the contractor is doing a good job of keeping the deadlines in terms of target completion.
Raju is experiencing costs overrun as he has constantly changed the specs and not heeded to Shyam’s warning of costs zooming up.
The coming Sunday they leave for the crucial overseas trip to finalise plant and machinery.
The preparations were being done and in the meantime Raju was getting used to a corporate environment having recruited an Executive Assistant Mary to help in monitoring and trouble shooting. Mary used to work in an MNC and had good credentials in terms of understanding markets and systems having had stints in a multinational corporation.
Raju was slowly getting used to having emails and using the laptop was a nightmare till Mary came to virtually help him in all technology related access of data.
Raju had Shyam come over to discuss accounts and the basic projections and what the costs were looking like. Suddenly he stated “Shyam do you not see technology as an enabler to our strategies in the organization and we should go beyond Tally, which is only basic software for our accounting needs.” Shyam continuously marveled at Raju's foresight but was equally forthright and replied “Rajubhai we need to get our basics in place before we move on to sophistication and if I understand you right it is ERP you are talking about. Let us take baby steps.” Raju nodded in agreement quite appreciative of Shyam’s insights and how level headed and grounded Shyam is. But then the flip side was Shyam could never be a businessman as he was risk averse. 
The project was going at a  rapid pace and the factory was coming up really nice and fast at Daman, Raju having negotiated a damn good deal or so he felt in hindsight as property prices had started hardening.
In the meantime the urge to be in town was compelling and so he negotiated for an apartment in town and also had taken a Mercedes Benz as his new car with a driver.
Raju felt good when he got down at the hotels as the doorman there gave him special attention.
Mary was slowly getting into looking at the systems and processes in the organization and was setting up systems and also reporting requirements in order to have clear reliable reporting in the organization.
Raju, Shyam and Dr. Naik in the meantime embarked on the overseas trip, this being the first trip for all the three and visas took a longer time than expected .Raju was excited in the flight and started talking to the British air hostesses, no sooner the flight took off. Dr. Naik was content nursing his drinks and Shyam was busy observing the pretty women in the flight.
Heathrow airport looked astonishingly great compared to the Mumbai airport though it was in reality no comparison to Changi-Singapore or Kualalampur airport-Malaysia.
Raju was looking forward to the meetings and more keen to get down to serious business but before leaving the air hostess had given him her cell no. and Raju was excited about the night ahead.
The meetings went on nicely with Dr. Naik in command over technical aspects and talking of filtration and reverse osmosis in great detail. Finally when it came to pricing after the machinery had been zeroed down Raju stepped in to negotiate.
Raju was good at improvising a deal offered to him and in this case asked for a 360 day credit period with upfront payment being hiked from 20% to 30% of the total cost. The logic was simple to get extended credit terms instead of payment in 90 days and as a carrot give higher margin funding initially.Raju while ending his talk added “gentlemen I have been fair in my dealings and it is not one sided as I have hiked the upfront even without you asking for it”. The suppliers impressed by Raju's presentation and persuasion skills finally relented for a 270 day credit and a good deal had been carpet bagged.Shyam was silently applauding his boss and smiled at him in appreciation .The night thereafter was Raju's  celebration and Raju went to Soho and had a whale of a time. Dr. Naik though timid initially shed all his inhibitions when the sweet girls approached him with seductive smiles asking so sweetly “sir can we have you in our midst and formed a ring around him”.Dr. Naik was flustered and his fair face reddened even further when Shyam asked him what is his type and Dr. Naik almost lost his cool with Shyam and Raju had to intervene to cool frayed tempers.
Raju settled for a nice Irish blonde and was experiencing the thrills of smoking a Cuban cigar and also exploring the blonde who seemed to be smitten by him.
Shyam was the lone guy not knowing whether to take the plunge in the revelry although a beautiful Mullatto was egging him to join her on the dance floor.
The next port of call was the US of A and they reached John F Kennedy airport tired and exhausted and crashed in the hotel room. In the evening they had a meeting with a few more capital machinery suppliers and then zeroed down on a new technology which would result in no ozone layering tested by NASA which seemed to catch Raju’s eyes. The terms of payment were a supplier’s credit of 360 days and also a warranty for five years as it was an untested product in a new market where the climatic conditions are different-India being a tropical nation. Another piece of good negotiation and time to party or so felt the gang of three.
New York was an eye opener and Raju was fascinated by this city as it was alive and kicking with action 24/7.They went to hooters for pizzas and the women with vital statistics of 36-24-34 were a treat to watch and the pizzas anything but good literally costing a fortune.
Night was reserved for crazy horse the striptease joint where pole dancing was in full swing.Raju did his own bit of Indian Bhangra and all were amused with his antics. The dancers were grace personified even while shedding their clothes and Raju was fascinated by their movements and more by the great bodies and he felt as though he was seeing the Baywatch girls in the famous sitcom each one seemed to be better than the other.Wow!exclaimed Raju . How do they make such beautiful people in this world and I should be with these gorgeous women all the time never mind the silicon implants and going under the knife for washboard abs.
Raju was feeling complexed and was mentally making a note to get his body in shape. He had put on weight in the last couple of years though during the smuggling days he exercised a lot and was fitter .Raju made a mental note to take his fitness issue seriously and wanted Mary to regiment him in this regard
The trip was successful and all returned to India having been overseas for the first time and it was a real eye opener to them. The world was changing and Indians if exposed to global trends would make a mark for themselves or so Raju felt. The Global Indian was Raju's new mantra.
Dr.Naik in his element called up and told Raju that the project is progressing as per schedule in terms of construction and people recruitment as per the gnat chart drawn up after going to the factory.
The machinery was expected shortly and Dr.Naik was looking at the production aspect and his mind was also ticking away in terms of how the Research activity should be organized .The idea of flavoured mineral water appealed to him and he was keen to experiment this part in the lab.
The people recruited were doing a good job and the accounts manager was handling finance within his limitations.
Raju found that the capex was going out of hand and slowly the project cost may balloon. A meeting was called of the core team consisting of Dr.Naik,the project manager ,the accounts manager and Raju fired the first salvo “Why are we not controlling costs?” and there was a silence in the room.Dr. Naik started making apologetic noises and added “We have been in a hurry to finish the project on time” Immediately Raju snapped back “We need to be fast and reliable and costs need to be under check”. Slowly Dr.Naik was seeing a new side of Raju essentially the owner in command of the company. The accounts manager mustered courage to say “Sir we keep on changing the specs and our innovation is increasing and causing time delay and cost overruns” Immediately Raju sensed that they were pointing at him as the culprit. Slowly in a measured voice he stated “we should not allow this to happen and I hope I set an example as I understand where you come from”. The meeting was over but the take away was nobody in a project management can keep changing the designs and side step systems as it costs money to the company but then as the project was nearing completion .Adhoc decisions seemed to be the order of the day and cost overrun could not be curtailed.
The plant would be ready in all respects in a month or so and Raju was running out of money. Bank was asking for further margin money.
The electronics business was doing a good business but that money essentially took care of Raju’s personal lifestyle and Govind was doing a damn good job having scaled his operations substantially with unwavering loyalty toward Raju.
Mary had begun to look at office expenses and she was feeling that wastages were high and bringing it to Raju's notice.Raju liked her dedication and there was a quiet indulgence on Raju’s part when she threw tantrums saying that this person had no culture and did not follow good practices. The staff was not too pleased with the importance accorded to Mary but this was Raju’s decision of the heart and not the mind and no one dared to oppose him.
The data to be given to the bank was becoming a nightmare as costs had gone haywire and they would be subject to questioning and asked to bring more money as promoter contribution.Shyam did his best to avoid the situation but the bank manager had no choice and he asked him to cough up further money or else they would not be able to proceed with the draw down.
Ninety five percent of the job was complete and it was essentially the last mile connectivity and Shyam called Raju “Boss please put in the money quickly or else bank funds will dry up.” Raju sensing urgency asked Govind to organize the same fully aware that his personal accounts were going for a toss with so many entries and it would not stand the test of scrutiny at a later date but then he had no choice.
The day for commissioning had approached and the factory was agog with excitement .A traditional Ganpathy pooja was done and Raju inaugurated the plant and the first bottle of mineral water was produced amidst applause and bonhomie .A sense of pride descended in the organization and Raju was emotional. His dream had started bearing fruits and was gaining respectability as an industrialist.Raju the industrialist was in the making. A long journey ahead and the struggle had just begun.
Multinationals were already in the market place and had the financial muscle power to fund losses and be a loss leader.
Raju could not afford to have that strategy and a meeting with the sales team and the the sales manager was only to instill in them the confidence that we can do it with a different strategy.
The idea was to produce twenty litre bottles as that market was in a nascent stage of development. This involved concept selling as the MNCs were focusing on the 1 litre and 500 ml bottles .This would possibly give Raju the first mover advantage provided the segmenting and customer profiling was mapped correctly and product introduced quickly.
Raju had long back concluded that Dr.Naik could not be the sales guy and he was more an internal processes person .This required Dr. Naik to concentrate on production and quality assurance .Dr. Naik did a good job of it as even competitors grudgingly conceded that the water had a good taste and was indeed superior in quality.
Raju recruited Ramesh as General Manager-Sales essentially trying to get the concept selling in place.
The sales were not moving as per forecasts and Shyam was having a tough time managing the bank officials as working capital constraints were being experienced in a big way.Raju had to give new robust projections and against the pledge of stock and receivables further working capital was made available.
The idea of selling to PSUs was taking roots in the mind of the Sales head although it was a tender business.
Ramesh was aggressive and took no nonsense from his team but also was a kind who worked hard and partied harder.  An expert in Mumbai night life, he would regale friends with his escapades and how good he was in having beautiful women for company.
Ramesh and his team was in the forefront, be it the Railways tendering business or the telecom company tender business.
The pricing was an issue as margins were low but it was long term duration and invariably although preparing the dossier and empanelment took three to six months it was well worth waiting. In the meantime Ramesh had ensured that his territory managers were delivering the targeted numbers .Though the sales numbers were being reached the collections were a problem.
Monthly profits were robust but cash flows were weak and money in the bank was scarce.
Raju always felt Profits is equivalent to cash flows and was always worried where the money disappeared.
Ramesh had a sales conference with all his people and had asked Raju to address them in the opening session.
Raju immediately was critical of their performance and asked them to do better. It was a dispirited lot that was sitting after Raju ended his session.
Ramesh being aggressive was not too impressed by Raju and told him “Boss this was uncalled for” something which Raju did not like to hear and snapped back saying he is the Chairman of the company and stormed off.
Ramesh did not have a good meeting after that and the conference was a total disaster.Ramesh decided never to call him again for such meets henceforth.
Raju did not understand the human relationship side of the organization. Sales cannot be obtained by shouting at people when the chips are down. What was needed was a systematic approach and ideas of how to increase the sales of 20 litre bottles which was the main selling for Babco ltd.
Ramesh called Raju and asked him “Can I see you?” Raju not being in a good mood asked him,  “Is it to do with the sales target? ”.Ramesh now was getting worked up and replied rather casually “Boss it is much more than that, people want to leave and rightly so. I do not blame them after the way you behaved and even I do not feel like working ” Raju got tense and immediately told him “Ramesh please do not worry I shall come right now to your cabin and we shall sort out the matter and please my apologies if I have hurt anybody’s sentiments.” Dr. Naik was already in Ramesh's cabin trying to pacify him when Raju entered .Ramesh was very upset and he minced no words and said, “The owners want only sales but do not see the conditions in which we operate . There is no PR and we are always having a cash crunch and still we have not done too badly. Maybe debtors are high but then we have also got new clients like the Railways and Indian Oil which are huge orders which can take care of the full production provided the company is good in delivery.”Raju would see that in years to come his behavior would need to change if the people have to be retained. He maintained a stoic silence.Dr. Naik quickly intervened and said “Ramesh you are doing a great job and let me tell you I cannot sell for nuts and so also Raju .You are good and please do not get upset.” Ramesh nodded and replied “You guys need to understand my problem. This company is becoming a training ground as our salaries are low and people get trained and poached and if we shout at them they will leave immediately. So please do not interact with my team specially you Raju.” Raju was feeling miserable and wondered if he was the owner at all and as the years would unfold their altercations he felt, would only increase as he had always played the role of an owner more based on command and control instead of debate and solutions to the problems.
Dr. Naik had established a nice R& D team and was doing a good job of research which was giving him a high.Dr. Naik was now looking at rewarding these people and also having an HR orientation for retention and performance. After the recent episodes, he had mentally decided to take these decisions without involving Raju in the process.
The rewards announced for R& D came as a pleasant surprise, more so, as they  found a new assertive boss in Dr.Naik in the organization and his communication on HR initiatives was a pleasant surprise.Ramesh was silently happy as he had possibly triggered this change.
Raju meanwhile was restless to get more factories put up and also to make the company have a national presence with “sparkle” as a brand .Now this was a serious journey he was about to undertake.
Mary had in the meantime seen wild swings in her boss’s moods in recent times, sometimes, childlike excitement and at times totally frustrated. However when she heard from Shyam that her boss was getting married to a girl of his mother’s choice she was feeling dejected. Mary suppressed her feelings and Raju in his own way kept on talking about how this marriage would put a lot of pressure on him.
Surprisingly Raju was not happy about the marriage or so Mary felt. It came as a big shock to her that he was going for an arranged marriage. According to her Raju was not the kind who would be happy in a marriage as he needed space and the woman in his life had to mother him rather than love him or so Mary believed.
Mary was mentally prepared to provide support emotionally as she was sure Raju needed it should the marriage fail. Mary would be his torch bearer but at the moment was resentful that someone else was going to marry Raju. Does Raju love her? Well this question would continue to haunt her for years to come.Shyam was excited when he came in and said “hi Mary! Boss is at last getting hooked and we will have a mellowed Raju as once men are married they become soft.” Mary did not like these barbs aimed at Raju and her possessiveness made her retort,“ Shyam you should not talk this way and I do not like it.” Shyam immediately did not loose an opportunity to say “but Mary now that he is getting married what are your plans and we will have to find a boy for you.” It hurt her so badly that she burst into tears and Raju made a timely entry “Mary what happened and are you unwell?” Raju put his hand on her shoulder full of care escorting her to his cabin. How Mary wished he would be this way. All through out
Shyam did not utter a word only watching this poignant scene in the cabin wondering why Raju did not have the courage to marry the lady he loved. but then such is life with its twists and turns.
Raju’s parents were happy as the girl was from a middle class family and would be a perfect match for Raju and proud of having such a wonderful son who was going by tradition and culture in this day and age of live-ins and affairs. They turned a blind eye to Raju’s wild side as was want of parents.
The marriage was under gloomy conditions as Raju’s father was unwell and this did not help matters and it was a quiet affair with no major frills .It was a small ceremony and Raju decided he could not go for his honeymoon as the new factories and geographies had to be captured and a major ad campaign was to break out to make “sparkle” a household name in mineral water.
The profits were reasonable but not looking great and Raju was in desperate need of funds for his expansion. Ironically there continued to be  a liquidity crunch but profits had been shown on expert advice for track record purposes and now the expansion plan called for equity funds.
The company had been growing steadily and Raju was fortunate that it had not come under Tax scrutiny so far but his happiness was short lived as the IT department raised a demand of Rs. 10crore to be paid on the basis of income not computed properly and disses allowances in the accounts.
Raju was shocked at this and called Shyam over for  a meeting and said”Shyam did we not take care of the Income tax department and are you just charging money without rendering services?” Shyam was used to Raju's outbursts but this was an attack on his integrity which hurt him so much that he silently walked out of the room.Raju quickly realized his folly and came out asking Shyam to come back. It was a pathetic sight to see Raju in such a vulnerable situation.Raju was loosing his people’s confidence and more so his loyal friend for years, Shyam was getting hurt.Raju was in a dilemma and did not know how to move forward.
The evening had set in and he informed his wife that dinner was outside with business people.Raju called his man Friday Govind and told him that he would come over to the shop.
Govind had become big in the smuggling activity and still had his loyalties towards Raju though over time it had been diminishing in intensity as he felt Raju still treated him as a servant though all his people revered and respected him.
Old habits die hard and even now when he met Raju Govind touched his feet in full view of his staff. He marveled at the way Raju had changed himself in terms of talking and carrying himself and the transformation was complete with the wardrobe and the designer labels Raju sported.
Raju was jogging his memory to remember the last time he had come to this office and it was years ago and he too felt Govind had grown in stature. His first reaction was “Govind, I could not have done what you have made of this business and hats off to you and remember we are friends and today we shall just chill out as two friends.”Govind a trifle surprised was seeing a new side of Raju and his immediate conclusion was possibly marriage had mellowed down Raju.   “Thanks boss” was all that he could mutter and could never bring himself to call Raju by his first name out of sheer respect.
Raju wanted to enjoy the night out and Govind had made all arrangements at a famous dance bar where nubile girls would dance to the music and Raju could have his fill. As they entered the dance bar a hush descended in the room and even the policeman around was alert and saluted  Govind as he walked .Govind  was ruthless in his demeanor and Raju saw a new side of him which filled him with awe and fear for the first time in his life vis-à-vis Govind.The bar owner was at this beck and call and there were instructions to take complete care of Raju as a VVIP or so it seemed.The girls came near them and Govind was in his elements as he swung around some young ones and twirled them in his arms all grace and show- a macho man dominating the dance floor and matching step to step with the girls and not tripping once in his act.Raju was stunned into silence at the way people addressed Govind.It made him see Govind in a new light.Govind was no longer his man Friday and Raju had to be careful while asking Govind to do errands for him.
Raju drank and threw money kept on the table and also took to the dance floor with a vengeance and suddenly wanting to be with all the girls and dance like Govind had danced.
Surprisingly his body would not move and neither was he graceful in his movement which forced the girls to laugh at him and Raju felt bad. The drinks were slowly having its effect on him and Govind had arranged a room for him upstairs with a nice bar girl to give him company for the night.
The policeman politely requested them to stop the music as it was the wee hours of the morning and the music had to end.Raju did not know what happened as he was feeling giddy and throwing up and passed out.
When he woke up in the morning the girl was sleeping besides him and she had taken care of him .She looked innocent and was sleeping peacefully .It was eight in the morning and Raju had a ten o clock meeting with the bankers for his new project. The girl woke up, smiled at him, and said she was sleepy .Raju gave her Rs. 5000 but the girl would not have it as she had strict instructions not to take any money from him.
Raju hugged her and she was in her see through night dress looking rather haggard without make up as the early morning rays hit her eyes. Her figure was good for a girl of twenty something but she would soon put on weight if this trend continued as there were signs of a small paunch which was passed as being cute.Raju hugged and kissed her and dressed himself and after one last look at the girl he left the room leaving the money behind.
As Raju came down Govind was there smartly turned out as if it was another day and a Merc stood out to take Raju to his office.Raju thanked Govind and hugged him with a promise to come more often and Govind’s face lit up.
Raju had a splitting headache and Mary could see that Raju was not his usual self and immediately asked him. “Did you go somewhere else yesterday night?” Raju nodded and Mary was pained to see her boss in this condition.
Tears welled up in her eyes and she barely managed to control them, then Mary was never given to public display of affection.
Why is he so dumb? This question would haunt Mary in years to come as she thought about it yet again while she gathered herself in the rest room.
Raju was grateful to the ever understanding Mary and knew Mary had understood him to the tee and felt he was a selfish creature and could not stand up for the woman he loved.
How low a man can go to protect his image in the society and the family and sacrifice a woman at the alter only to take care of his parents feelings. We live in a society full of hypocrisy and farce or so Raju felt.
The meeting with the bankers was not a great beginning of his day and Shyam tried his level best to convince the PSB bank manager to approve of the expansion plan but in vain. They also insisted that an NOC had to be taken if they were going to other bankers. Raju could barely conceal his anger at this comment being directed towards him and felt like walking out of the meeting but better counsel in the form of Shyam prevailed upon him.
The meeting over, he howled “what do these bankers think we shall not take money from them and go the equity route?”
The numbers were showing up to be good and sales was picking up at  a fast clip though Raju wished for more .Private equity was the order of the day or so Raju had heard in cocktail circuits for expansion plans and valuation is the name of the game. This opportunity would be explored and something made him feel that excitement was around the corner.
Shyam called up and said “Boss the bankers are not happy with our attitude and they felt you were stiff in the meeting and arrogance written all over your face when you addressed them and Raju they are right.” Raju could not believe that Shyam could speak this way, his friend, partner in crime and accomplice in all accounting manipulations in the banking statements submitted and annual accounts in the capacity of a statutory auditor. In a gruff voice with steely resolve he retorted “Shyam forget the bankers let us look at private equity”. For Shyam this was a new world not known and he did not understand the intricacies of private equity. Why and who had given this idea to Raju was his question.Raju seems to have new advisors and Shyam suddenly felt that his days were numbered.
Shyam would watch the next few days and ask Mary who are the private equity guys who meet Raju.
Mary had been feeling low of late as Raju hardly spent time with her, be it in her work or personally.Raju seemed to be under pressure and Mary felt it had to do with funds although profits were good. Collections seemed to be a big issue and Ramesh kept giving assurances that all debtors are good and recoverable.Dr. Naik had got excitement in the company as his research efforts were paying off and new variants in the water category had been successfully approved by the FDA.
The products were ready for launch and could also be exported to neighboring countries
But the catch was Brand building.
Of late it was becoming difficult to approach Raju as he seemed to be aggressive and irritable and did not like to hear that funds crunch prevailed in the company. The accounts manager seemed to be all at sea barely able to pay the monthly variable expenses, fixed overheads were a casualty and advertisement expenses were not being paid –could become a potential area of concern.
In the mean time the Service Tax department had raised demands on the issue of service tax not being paid and slapped a notice for non- payment and total liability including penalty was Rs. 3 crore.Service tax was a serious issue as directors in default could be arrested under the Indian laws.
Also certain dis allowances had been made in the Income tax scrutiny and an additional demand of Rs. 5crore had been raised by the Income tax department Babu, the Accounts manager feared meeting Raju as he would be upset should he get to know of this. His way out was to use the good offices of Mary to reduce Raju’s fury.
When Mary broke the news Raju’s rage knew no bounds and she could barely compose him.
What a paradox! A man on an expansion spree looking at private equity funds but now has to look at issues more internal and critical- not his strength.
Babu was a soft spoken person who knew his way around in the tax departments and said politely “sir we will pay bribes and have small entertainment for them and reduce the impact of the fines.” Raju was not amused and asked “Babu, how much can it be reduced to and your job is at stake if you do not resolve it.”Babu was used to these threats from his boss and just nodded but surprisingly with quiet confidence.
Babu always sought advice from Ramesh, the General Manager- Sales,  who had a soft corner for him as he received constant bashings from the big boss and Mary at time for no fault of his and very rightly for over committing in certain instances. But then Babu was a loyal soldier and worked for the organisation though guilty of taking all the workload and was a punching sack for all and sundry. His financial position warranted that he continued in the organsiation.
One thing he yearned for, his boss saying a kind word to him which had not happened in all these years. How he wished his boss was more humane and treated him as an employee rather than as a servant.
Raju was not able to manage this situation and felt exhausted and tired .Suddenly he felt Screw it! I had a happy life and now my dreams are proving to be a major impediment. But then Raju had ideas not on being on page 3 but being on Page 1 of Economic Times .He felt Sparkle as a wholly developed Indian brand would feature in Brand Equity some day or the other. His inner conscience asked “Is it worth all this trouble?”
Early Wednesday morning began on a bad note as he had to make arrangements for the minimum payment of Income tax dues under protest as Shyam felt it would be advisable to do so.
The sales were looking up and that was good news and exports were picking up which gave him a tax shelter.
Mary came cheerful and collected in her thoughts, conveying that expenses were coming under control though cash flow was still under pressure.
Shyam felt that time had come to have an advisor for the organisation for taking it to the next level of positioning in terms of institution building.
Raju had heard of K Balamohan popularly known as KB –a former investment banker turned strategist who provided strategic inputs but one needed to get used to tough talking by him.
Raju was a small cap story and to become a mid cap needed time but surely could not afford the Mckinseys, the Pricewaterhouses or the E&Ys of the world.
Rajubhai was essentially owner driven and while loving expensive attire and accessories including top of the line cars was not used to paying consultants handsomely. People make a difference was the famous line of KB and he emphasized this in his first meeting. “Raju, one should be personally nice and professionally fair to employees in the organsiation.Please do not treat employees as commodities who can be easily dispensed with. Also institution building cannot be done overnight and employees watch the boss critically though may be silent given hierarchical constraints.”
Raju nodded in unison and Mary was appreciative though Ramesh and Shyam were dismissive of KB.
KB ended the meeting with a flourish saying “owners can be greedy but be fair and allow employees also to be greedy.”
Before leaving KBs parting shot “Screw profits forget top line focus on cash flows. Cash is king”. How prophetic it would prove in years to come!
Raju took quite a fascination to the bloke and asked Mary to give her unbiased view “Mr. Raju he may be tough to handle and looks to be a professional every inch and I would go along with your thought process of having him in the system.”
Ramesh felt there would be no value add as KB was arrogant and thought no end of himself and Shyam was nervous and insecure as KB was dismissive of him in his interaction and did not even acknowledging his presence.
Raju called KB and told him to be his advisor and start looking at the organisation building process but reiterating that it was a family concern and needed to be handled with tact and care.
Raju was not used to people talking back and when KB called up the next day Raju was curt and asked “KB is it important” and prompt came the reply like a tracer bullet “Raju if it was not important I would not waste our time.”
In the mean time the Income tax officer was making unreasonable demands and Babu went to seek Ramesh’s help. Dance Bar seemed to be the only option as the ITO had to be kept in good humour.Ramesh decide to take the ITO to the dance bar –this time a bar which would satisfy the needs of the ITO in its entirety run by a Shetty and a good friend of Ramesh.
Ramesh was used to frequenting these bars in his college days and the dance bar owners all recognized him.Ramesh desisted any temptation of going near the bar girls although he took to the dance floor like a fish to water. Necessary evils is how Ramesh rationalized.
The ITO was having a wild night and would do a full Monty but for restrictions and bouncers around. The girls nubile and young seemed to be unbelievably good for him and the DJ was playing his favourite ‘kajra re’ a Bollywood top number where the most beautiful lady in the world Aishwariya Rai had danced to this beat in the film.
The ITO was feeling elated and also downing a few pegs of whiskey –on the rocks and carrying his pot bellied body to the dance floor and necking and kissing one of the girls after putting a 1000 rupee note in her cleavage while dancing.
However after a few drinks he totally passed out and had to be taken back to his residence, Babu doing the honours in this regard after Ramesh had called him in the middle of the night to come to the dance bar. Next day assuming Babu had not been there the Income Tax Officer had a different story to narrate -how the girls were after him and then told Raju to book a room for him the coming Saturday along with a girl he liked. Please inform your boss Ramesh and I will do something in the Income tax demand .However he made it clear “Babu we have to pay the commissioner and please keep 10% aside for kickbacks. The split up will be decided when we meet the commissioner in this regard finally but can range from Rs 75 lac to a crore” Babu hesitatingly said “sir we cannot afford this amount of cash as our company does not have so much of cash balance” the Income Tax Officer retorted “ask your owner to arrange or face the consequences.”
Babu was caught between the devil and the deep blue sea vis-à-vis his boss and the Income Tax Officer. This was the beginning of a torturous journey or so Babu felt as far as Income tax issues were concerned.
The Income Tax Officers were not only directing him how to take care of them but there was an underlying threat of dire consequences in the event of non performance. On their part it would be  a best effort basis of reducing the incidence of tax.
Raju was furious when he heard of this and though wealthy his tone and demeanor indicated he was not happy with his Accounts manager.
But then Raju conveniently was forgetting that this is his company and the accounts manager cannot be blamed for decisions taken by him.
KB came the next week and was sporting a beard on account of an infection and pleasantries exchanged, a quick question by Raju “do you think you are a film actor to sport such a style?” KB retorted that it was not the exclusive preserve of owners to make style statements.
Raju had developed the uncanny knack of asking questions in an accusing manner always reminding employees and consultants that their reputation was at stake if they did not come up with solutions.
KB not one given to taking things lying low shot back that Raju had created the problem and he was equally or more guilty in this act and should also think of solutions instead of only firing questions. Raju used to only questioning people was now trying to adjust to this new person in the capacity of a mentor ,who was trying to make him understand the importance of being connected with people and not be sarcastic or caustic all the time in his conversation.
There is no magic wand to solve the Income Tax problem but let us be in the system and try to minimize our costs was KB’s refrain.
Dr.Naik was in his element as the company was bagging orders and R&D was throwing up new products.Dr.Naik was blissfully unaware of the problems faced internally by Raju.Corporate marketing had become a success story and Ramesh was making waves in the market as a good sales manager grabbing a sizable chunk in the institutional segment from competitors in the 20 litre segment.
The factory was running full capacity and new plants were needed to cater to the fresh geographies.
Bank financing would be slow and private equity seemed to be an exciting option.Raju decided to pick KBs brain in this regard.KB had only one thought “Are we prepared for it as it will involve corporate governance and cleaning up of accounts and are we up to it?”
As a practical strategist KB was in his element and added “Raju even the big four accounting firm’s talk of ethics and risk management but then the lure of money gets the better of them and more so they are not there when it is crunch time to guide you. Yes they are necessary in the system to buy respectability because of their brand value so we need to hire them before having private equity do due diligence.”
Raju was concerned that  Shyam his friend and partner in crisis for so many years and also the statutory auditor has to make way for one of the big four. As though reading his thoughts KB interjected “But Raju do not worry as Shyam can become the internal auditor”.KB could read and understand the unsaid and as years passed by Raju would grow to admire this trait in him.
A matter of fact wave of his hand and KB had moved out of his room to interact with other members of his team mentoring them and urging them to take bold dynamic steps in their strategy forward.
Raju while going to the rest room could hear KBs booming voice with a typical clipped accent  say “ Operational Cash flows is a necessity and organizations which have strong Positive Operational Cash flows survive while others die. Remember cash is king! ” The employees generally used to be spell by his extempore oratorical skills,  week after week month after month .It became a habit for the organsiation to hear KB say “walk the talk and implement with documentation and time management.” 
KB slowly was becoming also a crisis solver and knowledge impacting in solutions was his watchword.
In some quiet moments with Raju in his cabin KB used to say “Raju I am on test week after week as employees will see whether I add value or is it a waste of time .The day I perceive I do not add value in the organization I shall hang my boots before I am asked to go .In business there are no permanent friends or enemies but remember relationships have to be built to have a sense of permanence for business purposes.”
Raju would nod in admiration and move on to seeking clarifications and at time be quite appreciative of simple innovative solutions provided by KB.But when it came to rewarding KB, Raju had hundred reasons why he could not raise the fee as he is a friend and people felt at times KB fires from Raju's shoulders.
KB being the no nonsense man could never quite comprehend this approach of meanness that the owners employed while paying emoluments to employees or to consultants who were friends.
Raju used KB extensively in negotiations to reduce costs and KB did a wonderful job of it but then Raju always had this to say, “KB you are never after money and performance is all that matters” which hurt KB very much as none envisaged that KB also wanted to be an entrepreneur in due course.”
KB had this feeling that all owners thought making money was their prerogative and people like KB should aid them in this quest of theirs without looking for rewards.
How harsh this world of owners could be! Owners talked of cost control for others and were quick to point out how even Rs. 100 were subject to scrutiny if an employee claimed an expense but then no one could question them when they incurred expenses including traveling by business class when the company was facing a serious cash crunch.
There was always this exterior facade of generosity never backed by action and even Raju was guilty of it.
Mary quickly pointed out how others charged extra or had included household expenses but never had the guts to question Raju’s expenses.
KB once asked her casually and the ignorant reply was “But KB he is the owner and it is his company”.KB wondered how they could become fine professionals and role models for the younger generation.
Raju was looking at expansion and seeking funds from PE firms .But then he needed to have a business plan which clearly orchestrated his vision for the organization.
Dr.Naik was not good at it. Being a technocrat he had no idea of how to visualize and be a leader.
Mary found Raju to be in a thinking state on a cloudy Monday morning and asked him “a penny for your thoughts.” Pat came the reply “We need a three year business plan.” Mary immediately responded “call KB and your problem will be solved.”
Raju felt a second opinion would be good so he called Dr.Naik and Ramesh and the reply was the same.
Raju had learnt an important lesson “Do not miss the obvious.”
KB and Raju met the next day at the Hilton and had a quick discussion after which a task force was put to prepare the business plan.KB would shortlist the potential Investment bankers to get us the right PE firm. 
The dreams would now begin to bear fruition and Raju was full of excitement as his vision of a 1000 crore market cap was taking roots slowly but surely.
Raju loved power and was hierarchy driven while sitting for a meeting. Knowledge was to be used never respected in the true sense as money seemed to be an objective instead of being the byproduct of sterling performances by the organisation.
Raju invariably maintained human capital is important but felt money could buy anything.
Any conversation always ended with Raju summing up “when will we get the money? I have all the things ready- be it the land or equipment but you need to get the money in place”Raju was always in an accusative tone with others when it came to a cash crunch in the organsiation or in his interaction with external agencies.
Whenever KB introduced him to investment bankers he used to say “get the money quickly and I will give performance.” In the process he did not exactly endear himself to the investment bankers and lasting relationships were never built up by him.
The meeting for the business plan was for Raju and exercise in paper work as the only objective was to raise PE funds. He left it conveniently to KB to get the business plan in place although it was his responsibility to give the vision of the organization.
Raju was more interested in doing deals which gave him a kick and was invariably defocused when it came to budgets for the company.
Raju had only one question to Ramesh when the business plan was presented “can you increase the numbers?”  It had become a joke in the organsiation that Raju wanted numbers irrespective of the market conditions. If the numbers were good for the month he would say “We Rock let us party!”
KB had got the team to do a good job in the three year business plan with underlying assumptions being put in place with logical sequencing of events all with the PE investor in mind and also sending a buzz in the company. The company was starting to think big and act big and that would spur people to action and reduce attrition in the organization.
 It was presented as vision 2010 , applauded them for the fine efforts and the dream of taking the sales to Rs. 500 crore  and profit of 50 crore was truly appreciated and Dr.Naik gave the full credit for this document to Ramesh.
Ramesh would have the tough task of getting this act in place and in an unusual act of grace Raju made the surprise announcement that Ramesh would with immediate effect be the Vice President  of the company only second in command to Dr. Naik.
Ramesh was surprised and pleased with this announcement as he was young, full of thirty and raring to make it big in this world coming from a lower middle class background.
Ramesh was aggressive and bright and also street smart, always open to learning and picking up new areas. For him KB surely was turning to be a role model but he also felt KB had wasted his brilliance and could have done much more and scaled greater heights. It would always puzzle him why KB did not venture into financial services and do both fee based and fund based activities and create a financial powerhouse after such an impressive track record.
In jest he used to tell KB “Boss after getting so much knowledge and guru mantras I should do much better than you or Raju by the time I reach forty or else it would not be worth it.Ramesh had a positive attitude and was given to taking up challenges as part of his initiative in learnings and now wanted to tackle the Income tax crisis facing the company.Ramesh took upon himself to guide Babu, of course with help from KB.
Ramesh went to meet the assistant Commissioner who was a lady of reasonable needs and her requirements were restricted to having hard cash for her sons education. The caution added was that the Commissioner had to be taken care of.Ramesh, young sharp and charming with native intelligence to back him decided to see the Commissioner without an appointment.
The Commissioner had a sober countenance and was a trifle irritated when Ramesh entered and said “Sir I need only a minute with you in connection with the demand raised .I have discussed with the assistant commissioner and we will settle it. Sir there are interesting properties which I am investing in and can I just show it to your person.”
The commissioner was serious but took a liking to the youngster and said we need to be ethical and cannot be part of consideration for settling the issue. Quickly Ramesh hastened to add that there was no relation and further there was a small get together at Crazy Horse and would he mind joining as celebrities would be flocking the place. With outward show of reluctance the commissioner accepted the invitation for Friday night and inwardly was excited about the prospect of meeting Bollywood celebrities.
Ramesh had struck the right chord and the penalty for Babco ltd. would come down substantially. The commissioner surely liked Pretty Young Things (PYTs) and Ramesh would get him hooked on to it even if it cost a little bit but then women work magic on frustrated old men , Ramesh was sure of it.
The commissioner came dressed in black on Friday night and had a great time ogling at all the PYTs little realizing that some were planted call girls posing as wannabe models in the party.
The young call girls arranged and planted by Ramesh were hitting on the commissioner and his joy knew no bounds. They freely mingled with him and he could get close to them and on the pretext of dancing moved closely to one of the young ones feeling her all over and getting a high in the process.
The commissioner had a complex thought- wealthy could not displace the wealth due to the Anti corruption department wanting to clean the system on the directions of the Finance minister, who was a clean person and a man of integrity with the avowed objective of cleaning the system.
The commissioner asked the young girl to accompany him to the room –one which Ramesh has organized in the five star hotels had satiated his appetite fully.
Next day he called his Income Tax Officer and instructed him to be lenient on Babco ltd. and charge a small penalty but the kickback was to be collected. He called Ramesh and without any pleasantries exchanged asked him to arrange for the funds and also have more such fun nights in the future and the case would be closed.
Raju was pleased as cheese with the result but outwardly did raise a mild protest asking Babu and Ramesh from where he could arrange Rs.50 lac.Pat came the reply from Ramesh “your other business is all cash and Govind can arrange boss.”
Raju did not like this part of the advice from Ramesh but he kept his temper in check as Ramesh had done a good job under the circumasatnces.In a gruff voice he asked, “So when will the assessment be completed assuming the money is arranged this week?”Babu mustered courage and for the first time stated with confidence “Sir in the next two months.”
This was music to Raju’s ears as his plans of expansion would not be derailed and the compliance due diligence would pass muster of the auditors should the PE’s move fast forward with the job.
KB in the meantime was extolling the virtues of cash flows and customer satisfaction index whenever he was in Babco.
Raju sounded him on the Income Tax settlement and KB promptly called Ramesh and Babu and complemented them on a fine job done.
KB ever the practical strategist always partial towards performers and understanding the risks taken to complete the job felt that if the system was corrupt you can only work within the system and in due course get out of corrupt practices provided you have money power and a strong organization revered and respected to back you with these practices.
“If you are of size then even corruption reduces as you will pay taxes”, was a common refrain from KB.
Dr. Naik in the meantime had perfected the new products and now sought KBs counsel for a grand launch.Raju wanted the product to be launched as flavored water at a national level.
Ramesh and Dr.Naik were not game for it as the back end in terms of distribution and logistics were not in place.
KB felt that it would be useful to have a test launch in a few cities and then take it forward nationally.
Raju agreed to this suggestion reluctantly as he felt his authority was being diluted by these professionals .But Raju did not appreciate that he owned the company and the decision was only in the interest of the organization. But then ego getting affected has no reason and to reach an ineffectual ego state would take some time for Raju in terms of maturity and experience.
In the meanwhile Raju had started feeling that Dr. Naik’s utility to the organization was nearing an end and he should look out for a more dynamic person with PE guys coming in the system. He would at an appropriate time bounce this thought with KB.
Govind in the meantime had expanded his activities to include gold and bullion trading and started making immense profits.Raju was slightly out of tune with Govind’s activities and now felt delicate to even ask for cash from Govind.
What if Govind was to say that there is no value addition and you only ask for money regularly?
Mary saw Raju in a thoughtful mode with a slightly creased forehead; an indication that Raju felt delicate to ask somebody for favours.She smiled and asked him “Is there a problem and if it is Govind, ask for cash as the company has to settle the dues to make your dreams come true.” Raju just hugged Mary-a sign of appreciating her thinking process and left immediately to see Govind.
Slowly Raju also felt the need to generate cash and Mary would be the custodian for safety and accounting purposes fully aware that his interests would be taken care of by her.
Govind had changed a lot from the time Raju last met him and he was more authoritative and did not show any servility to Raju.Changing times! Raju conjectured. 
Rajubhai what can I do for you? asked Govind  and Raju hesitated and then added he needed cash ,Govind said it would be ready but wanted to discuss their future relationship.
“Rajubhai I will not forget you gave me the break but now there is no contribution from you and so I feel we should settle our accounts and go our own way. I am getting into more dangerous business like trafficking of women and drugs which are high margin businesses. Surely a respectable person like you would not want to get into these activities.”
Raju just nodded his head and Govind added “Today with the amount I give you our accounts are settled but boss whenever there is a need for help Govind will always be there, more so if you are ever in trouble.”  Govind   escorted him to his car and Raju had a sinking feeling that he would not be able to approach him ever again as his friend or employee but only as a warlord to help in times of crisis.
Mary was waiting for him in the office. She took one look and said, “You were not treated well.”Raju suffused with emotion  broke down and Mary consoled him. For Men it was earnings that mattered and money which powered them to glory and status.Raju would earn it and Mary made a mental resolve to be besides him in pulling it off. 
Raju gathered himself and called for Babu and told him “we have to get our act in place quickly in terms of settling with the tax department and please pay off the cash and have Shyam to help you and settle the accounts and get the assessment orders.”
“Yes sir” was Babu’s prompt reply and he was confident that with Rs. 1 crore he could settle all the people and also show Raju that he had saved something in the process.
Babu sought Shyam's help to meet the Income Tax people to pay the cash as Shyam was good at this in terms of effective negotiation.
The Income Tax Officer was excited and greedy and asked the amount which would be available for distribution and his face fell when Shyam mentioned only Rs. 25 lac.This will be sufficient only at my level was the gruff response of the Income Tax Officer.Shyam did  a good job by talking of long term relationship and settled at Rs. 60 lac.However the Income Tax Officer wanted to have  a night out and celebrate and Shyam hated the thought of accompanying him as a pimp but the Income Tax Officer would not have no for an answer.
The commissioner wanted to celebrate by going out with Russian women and also asked Shyam to book him in a posh five star hotel . Shyam was aghast at the way the demand was being made but then this was the last leg of the act and he wanted to close this issue.
The good news being the amount of demands raised was reduced substantially and a token penalty was imposed and all closed for  a further Rs. 50 lac to be paid officially as tax. The Commissioner had  taken a liking for Shyam and had looked at the case favourably and decided accordingly.Raju was pleased with his friend’s performance and said “Shyam great show ! What would I do without you?”
KB had started mentoring the people in the organsiation regularly by sitting with them and asking them to be solution oriented.
Ramesh was impressed with KB and always sought his guidance and was quick to pick up finer nuances in strategy and more so the art of implementation.
Ramesh was slowly emerging as the performer and a power centre and Dr.Naik was getting sidelined and feeling the heat of non performance.
Raju with the help of KB had started the monthly meetings and review was throwing new dimensions to the problems faced by the company.
Cash flow was an issue and so was debtors management and Babu was trying his best to understand how to tackle it.
KB wanted Raju to focus on cash flow management and have strong information flow in place which would help the organsation to grow.
Mary was assigned the job of MIS being put in place, given her structured approach to the job and the power wielded on account of her proximity to the owner.
In the mean time the new products test marketing was a success and a  soft launch in Mumbai had been made which was eliciting strong positive responses for flavored water  from the customers.
Raju had broken fresh ground and Ramesh was the architect for this superb launch.KB had this habit of praising people for good performance and Raju still had to learn that art as praises were far and few from him.
KB met Ramesh and the team and told them “Congrats boys! this is the result of team work and dedication with time management. Now go for the kill with  a national launch.”
This needed money and Raju  decided to ask KB to be actively involved in it.
Raju was leaning on KB quite a bit on the intellectual front and he admired KB for his crisis management.Raju knew one cannot push KB and KB defacto was Raju’s boss as he had the ability to tick him off.
In jest Raju used to tell KB’s wife “Hey this guy is a modern day Chanakya.”
Systems were getting put and the company was doing better sales than previous years but falling short of budgets. The board of directors had started taking active interest and felt that the water business has only one way to go and that is to explode in growth.
But the capital needed to have  a national presence was heavy and equity had to be raised.
Raju turned to his mentor for advice and KB promptly replied “Private equity properly structured is the answer to your question but then some dead wood has to be weeded out of the organization.Raju, concentrate on meeting the guys after we shortlist the investment bankers for this act and we shall be on our way to glory.”
Dr.Naik knew that his days were numbered.Raju the owner had changed dramatically in the last few years .The young man had wisened up and Dr. Naik many  a time felt he was out of depth and had the feeling that Raju the owner would ask him to leave any time on account of lack of performance. “You are as good as the last meal.”Dr. Naik said to himself , not feeling good about it.
The owners are  a ruthless lot and quite clinical in their approach regarding non performance and Raju was no exception.
Ramesh was becoming the new star in the horizon and he had KBs backing.Raju valued KBs inputs more so since KB was knowledgeable and had been a successful CEO in his past avatar before becoming  a mentor capitalist.
Dr.Naik admired him but was slightly worried of KBs tongue lashing for non performance.KB had  a solution to every problem and his innate ability to make complex things look simple and get into implementation donning the cap of  an interim CEO during crisis, forced him to have grudging admiration for this individual.
Mary was slowly putting systems in place and was fascinated when KB explained in simple terms cash flow management.
A comparison with Raju invariably made her feel that KB earned respect and Raju unfortunately demanded it and she had a low opinion of owners as according to her they are a greedy lot ,Raju included.
In her own nice way although emotionally close to Raju, a striking consistent statement from her to Raju was “I feel you need to note how to treat professionals and also give them their due the way KB does”.Raju had traces of irritation and envy at this constant comparison but then KB had become  a friend and he could stomach it and he needed Mary as an emotional anchor and so could not annoy her.
The investment bankers made their pitch for this account of getting a suitable PE investor and how they would go about it.Raju had no clue and KB was used for all these activities.
The famous refrain “KB you love challenges and getting into uncharted territory is your forte.” KB was used to owners only praising outwardly and not rewarding monetarily for the efforts put in by him. They somehow felt only they had the right to make money. The professionals are a cog in the wheel for their money making activities. The owners deemed it their prerogative to use professionals, KB included , and abuse the system if need be to meet the end goals.
KB was always feeling bad that professionals were spine less in front of promoters and they buckled under pressure due to insecurity or a fear of non performance.
Well yet another journey in the life of an owner had begun and KB who wisened up to situations quickly would watch the proceedings with utmost interest. 
KB made a mental note to himself that he would be in the system to remedy the malaise in the set ups and work on practical solutions which is fair and equitable to owners and professionals.
Raju had a sense of impatience and wanted to raise funds quickly.KB was clear that to get a PE guy involved there was a need for  a vision backed by a growth story.
Raju had  a story and the plot could be exciting  to PE guys provided the document as a vision plan for 2010 was rolled out with underlying assumptions of the growth.
Raju and KB decided to work on the growth story and KB would have Ramesh spearhead the crafting of the document.
Raju’s marriage was on the rocks and while partying had come across some good intelligent women .Raju had the potential to make it big but then women and fast cars had also become a recent pre occupation. He was a bit defocused as the new lady in his life was exciting, having  a gorgeous  figure and made heads turn in parties.Raju decided to have an amicable parting with his wife and though his parents were not happy he was just as firm about this decision.
His life had so far not been spectacular and he had limited success and was looking to reach greater heights. His wife knew it was coming as his late nights had become a habit . He seemed to be obsessed with the new woman to whom his wife was introduced in a family get together. She could not deny that they had chemistry and wished all the well for Raju.Mary was another issue that Raju would tackle at a later date.
Raju was relentless in his pursuit for fame and wealth and if connectivity meant being  a “pile on” he did not mind it,  or even for that matter use his girlfriend. He would but in the interests of the organization.
Raju on an early Monday morning called for a  meeting and informed everybody “Guys we need to think big and are appointing an investment banker to help us in our efforts to have funding for our expansion, We need to have more manufacturing plants and a national reach. Our turnover needs to reach Rs. 1000 crore in three years form the current level of only Rs. 300 crore.”Dr. Naik was not sure that they could make it and immediately asked what would it entail from the team .Pat came the reply from Raju “hard work and team effort.”
Ramesh was willing to stick his neck out and said “boss we will do it provided we are rewarded and get ESOPs and also market salaries.”Raju was upset with this attitude of Ramesh.Young and wet behind his ears this kid spoke too much or so Raju felt. immediately. Raju added, “What is your view KB?”KB loved the thought of growing big and pumped for Ramesh and said “No where in the world are efforts rewarded only results merit attention. You get the numbers and rewards follow.”
In unison the whole team nodded feeling the dawn of a new era. The meeting over, Raju and KB had a quick word and decided that an actionable agenda would be drawn up for the PE funding to get under way.
The numbers looked fine and if PAT margin could move to 10% on the top line the valuations could be sexy. Currently the PAT margins were only 6% i.e.  Rs. 18 crore PAT on the top line.
Raju and the team would sit with the selected investment banker and work, out the game plan.
Currently Raju owned 100% of the equity and though he had promised a 4% stake to KB as part of the consulting fees .It would need to be seen whether Raju would honour his commitment in this regard.
Owners had their own reasons to falter on promises and Indian owners were quick in manipulating the system to suit their convenience the British license Raju and politicians having taught them this act of dishonouring their commitments.
KB sat with the team to understand how the magical figure of Rs. 1000 crore could be worked out .Dr.Naik was not up to it and Ramesh had to be used extensively to get the sales numbers in place.
Raju was clue less of the jargons used by investment bankers and KB was an acknowledged guru having been an investment baker and CEO in the past .Tackling the investment bankers came naturally to him and he was so known to a few as they had worked with him in the past .Raju did not need a top notch name but a boutique investment banker who could spend time and also dedicate his efforts at raising the money.
After seeing a few one of the investment banking firms short listed was Arthur & Co who specialized in FMCG sector and George the owner was smart and clued on to the task having had stints abroad as an investment banker.
KB took a liking to this youngster and started interacting intensely with him to  chalk out plans to raise resources at an attractive valuation.
Raju’s new journey to potential stardom in the business circles and be a page 1 mention had begun right in earnest. He would be beholden to KB in years to come for what had been achieved in the organisation though acknowledging and rewarding, it was not one of Raju’s strong points
The market looked at the mineral water segment with great interest and Raju was ideally positioned to be a leader with the domestic players. Raju had no clue of best practices and corporate governance and whatever he had picked up was thanks to KB’s practical inputs and simple strategies. He marveled at KB for his depth of knowledge and at time had envy for this simple yet impressive personality once he started talking.
KB had this great habit of reinventing himself and he challenged Raju in any field, be it fitness or knowledge of new sectors or the global changes and was in tune with the latest .The trick lay in having time to read absorb and interpret to suit Indian conditions and KB was a  master at that.
Sometimes Raju had this bad habit of saying “We are not performing and the elders seek performance from us .KB would shoot back saying, “Raju you have to perform and I am not under the scanner and nor the owner.” Suddenly Raju would back out and say “But then KB you need only challenges and money is not your interest and we need to perform.” How convenient for owner to think in this fashion  and never reward one for true performance ,greed getting the better of them or so KB would mentally file a thought in his mind and suitably explode on a subsequent date having this anecdote in mind.
The information memorandum was becoming a nightmare with George and his team asking a lot of questions and Raju groping in the dark.
KB was always there to give the solution to the problems and trying to ensure that deadlines are adhered to in terms of getting the presentation in place.
George was in the meantime lining up potential PE guys for the funds.
Raju with his live in girl friend was a hit in the party circuits and would circulate effortlessly in the celebrity circle with his girl friend being the cynosure of all eyes.
Mary was repulsed at the very thought of seeing Raju and the live-in cozying up but she knew that her boss had a glad eye and beautiful girls were all supposed to be employable and pursued with vigour.Mary knew she did not have  a figure  to boast off and Raju loved to flaunt his new acquisitions. In this case Bertha was also personally close and slowly had started influencing Raju and the way he dressed or acted in social circuits. 
Raju understood that the PE guys lived a high life of drugs, women and fast cars.
Raju had been into smuggling and this came naturally to him, only the level of sophistication differed.
KB was a good observer and although portrayed a sense of innocence could well move with times and match step to step as far as impressing people , be it the PE guys or the social circuit was concerned.
KB loved taking challenges and would once in a while in his clipped American drawl say “Raju should there be a need to woo beautiful women I can well pack a punch and give a run for money to all of you.”
Initially Raju treated this aspect of KB with disdain ,envy and skepticism and rather nonchalantly replied “KB you are too full of yourself and it is a I me and myself syndrome that possesses you. Please do not talk of knowing older ladies and talk of young celebrity stars in their twenties whom you can befriend or who think the world of you.”
Raju had this habit of also conveying to common friends that KB could get close to women in  a sense of becoming physically too close and this was more out of insecurity rather than malaise or so. KB felt.Raju appreciated KB and invariably for solutions given would end up saying “I love you for this and you are my boss”.KB and Raju had over the years developed  a great chemistry and Raju respected KB even though at times he felt that KB indulged in friend bashing in public which Raju felt humiliated at times. but that was KB at his inimitable best wanting to prove a point and protect his fair name at any cost and did not mince words even once. Mary was a true professional and once in a while giving respect to hierarchy she sided Raju and KB was quick to rip her apart and say “Mary that is unbecoming of  a professional to act in the boss's selfish materialistic interests.”
Wannabe starlets introduced by Bertha to KB would convey to Raju that KB  wanted to get close to them and at times pass less than flattering remarks about KB .But one thing was for sure KB knew his ground and always took the owner and their acolytes words with a pinch of salt. Exaggeration was the order of the day to belittle people in today’s capitalistic society and KB understood the owners mind and hence the mind games played by the owners seemed to be a child's play for KB.
Raju was slowly understanding the PE game and over poker and late nights with the PE guys fixed deals with ease.
Raju had become a wheeler dealer and was now also wearing the hat of an investment banker under the garb of investor relationship.
His respect for KB had gone sky high as ethics never played a part or so KB used to convey having worked with MNCs and once the money is there the owners and investors talk of ethical practices.
All the heads of PE funds wanted kickbacks in their personal account and Raju found that backstabbing was the order of the day. “Screw the ethics show me the dough “was their famous refrain when drunk and with women.
Raju found them to be worse than the smuggler as the smuggling mafia at least had a code of ethics even in unethical activities and they had always said that their word is their bond.
How dirty this world is or so Raju felt.
In the meantime Dr.Naik and the team had prepared the info memorandum and the presentation with KB’s help and were ready to face the investors.
George had done a good job of polishing it to suit the PE guys as the target audience.
A Rs.1000 crore turnover and Rs.100 crore PAT looked to be a tall order in the next three years from the present level of an estimated Rs. 300 crore turnover and Rs.18crore PAT for the current financial year ending 31st March and Raju was optimistic that they would hit the right notes.
Raju had identified and already paid token money for factories in south and north as real estate prices were shooting up and he had to lock the land in anticipation of the funds coming.
Raju in that sense was quick at decision making and with products under his belt was wanting to be a national player soon.
In less than three years Raju wanted to be listed in the bourses and PE was the first sure step in this direction.
George had a series of discussions with Raju and KB and concluded “We shall look at PE guys who have appetite for pumping in Rs.40 crore for a 20% stake or maximum a 24% stake prorated accordingly.”
Raju’s test had begun as the road shows would be on in  a couple of days.KB was in the background and never in the forefront always wanting Raju to be successful and make him feel that he had done a  great job .But should there be  a crisis KB would be the first person to be there and even Raju acknowledged that fact.
Ramesh had been inducted in the PE discussions and Dr.Naik had more or less retreated into the background knowing fully well his days were numbered.
Ramesh handled the first PE guy with confidence and Raju found an able ally in communicating his dream plans.
The organization structure and people at the top were constant and so the PE guys had the comfort of top management being in place.
Mary played the role of a systems and risk management person with her key strength being operations coming out strongly.
Dr. Naik played the role of an R&D chief and although the MD, this role was appreciated by all the PE guys as it gave thrust and focus to new products which would be a necessity in this competitive market.
Babu was good as an accounts person but the CFO slot seemed to be the weak link in the chain as Babu lacked communication skills.Raju made a note of this and decided to get a person quickly in the system to fill this breach.
The PE firms loved the space and the story but were skeptical of the valuations being quoted as it may not pass muster with their investment committees although they had their kickbacks in place.
Equally Raju was adamant that his dilution should not be high as then at the time of an IPO he may fall well short of having  a 51% stake.
Raju the owner, wanted to have a large market capitalization and this meant that his holding had to be sizable to enter the category of Rich Indians in the country .
Raju had seen those days when people did not look at him when he started this business and now that things had changed in the cocktail circuits he was the Johnny come lately who could break into the big league.
Bertha had contributed quite a bit in building his image and taking him in the right circuits to get his credibility as an industrialist established.
More over during trying times when there were cash flow crunches a few phone calls to some of these guys in the social circuit had evoked a positive response.
Raju was happy with the progress he had made in the last year or so in terms of his positioning.
Term sheets were given by two funds after a lot of funds had been met with and George felt that a good beginning had been made.
  The valuations were lower than the magic figure of Rs. 200 crore that Raju on KB’s advice had decided as the benchmark valuation.
One valued it at Rs .150 crore and the other at Rs. 175 crore though the former with  a global presence in the mineral water business had more clout and could help in the inorganic growth which would catapult Raju to the Rs.1000 crore club faster than the present route envisaged.
George had a meeting with Raju and KB and asked them to sleep over it and revert in a couple of days. He added “guys remember you cannot miss this opportunity. You are between a rock and a hard place and I understand your predicament. Decide you must to go in with  one or the other and not allow this deal to slip by.”
Raju and KB were inwardly happy but were not willing to be short changed in the process.
KB felt that one should go in for the deal after having a final negotiation where they would up the valuation slightly and Raju could come down a lit bit
Suddenly Raju started hardening his stance and said “KB I do not mind walking away from the deal but I want my valuation.” KB was surprised as commitments had been made for the factories and money was badly needed as recruitment were also going on at a fast pace.
KB asked, “But how long do we wait for better valuations?” Raju playing hardball answered that he would get his valuations.
Greed had slowly started taking a toll on Raju’s logic and KB was acutely aware of the change in stance and new manifestations in Raju’s attitude. 
KB left Raju with a parting shot “mate do not loose this opportunity and I can only say this after all this is your company but do not raise the aspirations of individuals in the organsation and then bring it down by lack of intelligent application on your part.”
Raju nodded and did not say a further word resulting in KB departing from his room. KB knew that Raju did not like being ticked off and it had become more pronounced in recent years.
Their relationship as friends first and professional partners seemed to be under strain or so KB felt but postponed the deliberations to another day. Hopefully that day would not arrive in the life of KB and Raju which would possibly signal the end of their  wonderful relationship.
Shyam met Raju the next day and asked him “Boss everything under control and I am sure we are closing the deal and taking the money.” Raju in a pensive tone replied “Shyam is a valuation of Rs. 150 cr good enough?” .Pat came the reply, “Boss this is great as to achieve the numbers is an uphill task and projections are only on the excel spread sheet. Let us ask the PE guys not to make it conditional and give this valuation irrespective of the future performance with no claw back in place.” Raju had a smile on his lips and replied “Shyam you can at times come up with wonderful one liners please run it through KB.I like your idea.”
Shyam called up KB and shared this idea with him and KBs instant reaction was “good idea let us ask George to run with this idea.”
George felt it was a tough ask and they may lower valuations to which KB replied that it is well worth it so long as we do not have conditional valuations.
In the meantime Raju in Bertha’s company was becoming a party animal and great at linking up with investors. Many PE fund managers were there at these dos and Raju was excelling in telling them how people were flocking at his place for a slice of his company.
Bertha had introduced Raju to Nina who was a pretty model and Peter a fund manager had taken a great liking for her and Raju saw this happening.
He connected with Peter and got Nina introduced and as a matter of fact generally said that PE funds were after him and would his Fund be interested in him.
By this time Peter was all eyes for Nina and her plunging neckline made his mind go  crazy about her .
In a frenzied moment and having had a couple of drinks he said “Raju let me have this chick and you have  a deal but it involves kickbacks to me and no strings attached.” Raju was not sure whether Peter was saying this in jest or in earnestness.
The music blaring and decibels levels higher Raju pushed Nina on the dance floor closer to Peter and whispered in his ears “mate all yours and we have a deal”
Nina had already taken a fancy to Peter and was only too thrilled that Raju had done the intros and parted. Nina had always wanted to move with a white guy and she could not ask for more than this. Peter was well heeled and stayed in a suite in a posh hotel and was an ace deal maker with pots of money and had a Porsche and  a BMW to boast off.
Nina was from a poor family and already started thinking she had hit the jackpot.
Raju was on cloud nine as he felt that an interesting deal was in the making  and he would  involve George and KB and get a sweetheart deal for himself.
For the first time with a spring in his steps Raju told Bertha “babes let us go spend some quiet moments as I am excited about the whole deal and we may have an interesting story unfolding.”
Bertha could not comprehend much but seized the opportunity to ask Raju “hey sweetheart can we start living together and being on our own?”
Raju looked at her and very quickly decided to say Yes and Bertha could not believe it.
Raju had decided that his marriage was going nowhere and would communicate this to his wife and take adequate care of her in terms of monetary compensation for her and child by way of alimony.
Raju and Bertha had a good time going for a spin in  the car and taking a long romantic walk along the beach side, holding hands and kissing each other passionately.
Later he reached home and next day morning broke the news to his wife who knew it was coming though his mother was aghast and sniped at him telling him, “Son, I do not like what I see and I know you will not listen to me.” His wife intervened and said “Ma I want Raju to be happy and if it is ok I will stay with you and we shall bring up the child.”
A confused Raju walked out of his house for the last time bewildered and overcome by emotion on his wife’s magnanimity and hurt that no longer this cozy home would be there for him.
He would start his personal life all over again with Bertha and only prayed that it would be a happy story unfolding in the future.
Raju still did not realize how Mary continued to be the silent sufferer, always there for him professionally and personally. Raju was not willing to commit to her .
On hearing this Mary had a shock and did not come to office for a week and refused to take Raju’s calls. Ramesh consoled her and asked her to be brave and a woman of substance, not a weak personality.
Many a time the thought crossed her mind of quitting the company but the emotional bond with her boss got the better of her and she continued to stay on.
KB asked her to concentrate on performing as the only remedy to overcome her grief and she tried to slowly get over her emotional trauma and come to terms with reality.
In the meantime Raju had moved in with Bertha in  a five star hotel and had negotiated a room for a year till he could find a suitable place for himself.
Wine women and wealth seemed to be there in ample measure and his stars were looking up and Raju now believed he would hit big time shortly.
KB never asked him on his personal front but was always there to caution him on his approach in the professional arena.
Raju excitedly spoke about the new deal being brokered and KB was a trifle irritated to note that Raju was entering into this hobby of deal making which was not good for a person trying to don the image of a budding industrialist.
Raju readily accepted the point and told KB the background of the deal done with women ,kickbacks and whiskey on the rocks forming a heady mixture and assured KB that this was the last time he would indulge in such deal making for himself.
This was to be one of the several assurances he would give KB and violate consistently in days to come and KB was acutely aware of it.
At the same time KB being the practical strategist was sure that Raju could do something which George the investment banker would not be able to do with poise and as a matter of routine.
Playing poker and observing his PE fund guys snorting substance had become  habit with Raju and he sure was moving in the ratified circles where glitterati interacts with pinstriped PE guys and Raju was the glue for them.
Bertha always got invites for the glamour events and Raju was a pile on and had the PE guys one at a time for these parties. Jokingly Raju used to tell KB “Bertha has a pile on who brings pile ons.”
Effortlessly Raju was building relationships and getting value out of these intros in the Bollywood circles for the PE guys and other big boys in the investment banking community.
Raju and Peter had become thick friends and Peter had confirmed a valuation of Rs. 125 crore with no strings attached and Raju was not yet playing ball as he wanted a better one. Bertha slowly insisted on Raju wearing only designer wear which included the Armanis,Versace and the Hugo Bosses of the world and Raju dared not displease her as she was always a hit in the party circles and Raju's networking increased manifold as a result there off.
His tastes had also changed from the time he set his eyes on Bertha and his glad eye could not suffer average looking women.
Once in a while he did feel stifled as Bertha kept a tight watch on him and he was not foot loose and fancy free as he would have loved to be, given the beauties he was coming in contact with.
“You mess up with me and I will chew your balls” was a ferocious cut from Bertha when they fought one day bitterly after Raju was more than friendly with a model and his highness came home sizzled that night. 
An early morning call from KB and the message was loud and clear with a ring of authority  “Raju we need to move fast and close the deal or else our projects will get delayed and funds dried up and we will be in a cash crunch. Let us a set a time frame of four weeks to get the funds.”
It was indeed a wake up call and Raju admired KB for his frank approach to the job with clinical perfection and a sense of finality in his voice.
Many a time Raju wondered why KB never ventured to be an industrialist as he had been a great CEO and it would not be difficult for him to dorn on the garb of an industrialist.
But then Raju decided to think about his friend and try to put this thought some other day when he became strong and could loan the money to his friend for any investment.
Raju still had to understand KB and his thought process and somewhere he felt KB would make it big in reputation in years to come.
Raju constantly told his friends “Do not underestimate KB ,he will be big one day.” This used to be told with authority and conviction always telling common friends whom KB had introduced that we need to learn from him how to be  a giver instead of a constant taker in the society.
Monday morning blues always accompanied Dr.Naik in  his work of late although Ramesh had started proving to be  a strong source of support for him.Raju had almost sidelined him and KB was not too impressed with his performance although Dr.Naik had innovative R & D success stories including various types of flavored water which had been approved by FDA.
However Dr.Naik’s biggest problem had been sales and Ramesh was doing it well and slowly taking over as the rising star of the company.
Although young Ramesh displayed a maturity far beyond his age and was leading the team well, he considered KB his guru and worshiped the ground he walked on, always an admirer of KB’s methodology, speed and brilliance.
Ramesh had only one wish to be a combination of Raju and KB and more of the latter's instinct to be absorbed in the long run.
He marveled at Raju’s entrepreneurial skills but admired KB for his guts and surprising capability to take challenges and come a winner all the time.
KB could be  a great orator and a mentor at the same time and  a person who could be relied upon when one is in crisis.
Raju was in that sense always indifferent and Mary made it a point to highlight it to Raju which was not to his liking.
Mary had become strident in her criticism of Raju of late and Raju did not know how to handle it.
Slowly KB was now trying to convert Mary to be a line leader and have  a different segment of business to be handled by her.
After conferring with Raju it was decided that Mary could be given international operations to be taken up as a marketing challenge.
Ramesh was not quite impressed with this move and made no bones of his displeasure in this regard.
Dr.Naik for once was vociferous and strident in his criticism of this move but KB prevailed and for the first time the organisation recognized KB to be using his knowledge power with telling effect.
Mary was full of admiration for KB and his ways and felt that the  mentoring under the tutelage of KB would be critical for her career and she would prove  a pointless still could not get over the fact that Raju had ditched her for another woman but the emotional bonds continued to draw her towards him and more so when he feigned illness and wanted Mary to console him when under mental or business stress.
Mary still could not fathom why she behaved in this fashion but then maybe it was too late to change..
Mary being  a methodical person and systems being her strength selling did not come naturally to her. Further kickbacks and corrupting influences were not her weapons for selling.
Surprisingly for others Raju felt it was a master stroke by KB and wholly endorsed this thought of Mary doing the international sales.
Dr. Naik though skeptical initially was amazed at the detailing which Mary did in her presentation of how to reach geographies in a scientific manner and Ramesh grudgingly conceded that for an uninitiated she had done a fine presentation.
Mary knew that the going would be tough but then as KB always mentioned the execution would be the key to having  a success story crafted.
Raju was happy as another revenue stream was being opened up and the sales projections could be achieved with  a derisked revenue model in place.
The trick lay in identifying the right countries and Mary was on the job like a fish to water.
Mary would be a winner and KB was sure of this and conveyed it to her in as many words.
Her respect for KB would only grow in days to come as in crisis KB was a constant source of encouragement and giving new implement able ideas backed with a strong differentiator as a strategy.
Peter on hearing the international foray was keen to invest and was asking Raju to settle at the valuation of Rs .125 cr with no strings attached.
Raju conferred with KB and it was decided that they would have one final meeting and close the deal .
Peter came back with an option of Rs .188 cr based on certain profit figures being reached as milestones or a final figure of Rs. 130 cr with a straight equity stake in the company.
Raju preferred the former option though KB liked the latter as it had no strings attached and no downside risk except higher dilution. 
Raju insisted on the higher valuation but then the PAT to be reached was Rs. 25 cr in the coming year  with a PAT multiple of  7.5.
Greed seemed to play a great role and “greed is good” was Raju's innate philosophy. The deal closed at Rs. 188 cr. Valuation. Raju hugged KB and said “Guru we have made it and this is great for a humble beginning.” KB with characteristic humility added “Raju it is your vision and hunger to perform that has taken you so far.”
KB and Raju closed the deal and this would mark the beginning of a new chapter in the life of Raju .A convertible zero coupon debenture to be converted at  a future date based on profits of the coming 12 months, though the multiple was fixed at 7.5 was the deal struck with the PE guys .Fraught with danger it had the risk of giving  a higher stake should Raju not deliver the PAT numbers and this lurking fear would continue to haunt Raju in the coming years. A profit Of Rs. 25 cr. was not an easy task and Raju knew that the conversion was performance linked and he gambled on this aspect knowing fully well the intended consequences. But then he had Ramesh to say with a flourish “It is a breeze and we shall do it boss. ”
The India owner was growing in stature and Raju would like to be a Page1 fixture instead of  a Page3 pile on in years to come.
Party time and Raju called all his close friends for a get together and had a great time at the disc dancing with gay abandon, girlfriend in tow and poor Mary not to be seen in the evening celebrations.
All enjoyed in the night and the man  who seemed pleased as punch was Shyam, Raju’s friend and now virtually the CFO of the company.
Rs. 40 crore would be pumped in phases as per the term sheet  and Peter would be on the Board of directors. The company was only used to paper board meetings and a new beginning would be made in terms of corporate functioning in the company.
Some things would change and the informal culture would soon leave the organsation as it embarked on  a growth story .
The due diligence was an arduous task and it took nearly two months to get the house in order in terms of compliance and documentation.
One of the big firms did a good job of the financial due diligence and the legal due diligence threw up a lot of compliance lapses in the company.
Raju had no patience for these things and was getting frustrated at the delay in getting the money into the company.
His expansion plans had been put in a fast forward mode in anticipation of the funds and he simply exploded one day with KB telling him “We are not doing a good job and people are asking what is KB doing if consulting fees is being paid and we do not get things on time.”
KB just looked at him and the stare was enough to suggest that KB was not amused with this observation. 
In a quiet authoritative tone KB replied “ Raju please remember that you have got the valuation and your performance is under the scanner and not mine. If you want the laurels, be prepared for the brickbats and do not talk of our non performance. It is your non performance and I am only a facilitator in the process and stormed off the room.”Raju was nonplussed by this reaction and very unlike KB to get worked up.
But then even KB was sensitive of his role play and   every owner acknowledged his contribution but  included him when they were not performing or under pressure from their family members.
KB in jest used to remark that the drag along clause is not applicable when owners are the culprits for non performance of the organization.
The company was slowly changing and personal expenses which were being included in company expenses were now to be excluded.
Further the office space was becoming insufficient and Raju wanted  a corporate office in town.
Raju had personal property in his name and Shyam suggested that it be given to the organization on  a lease basis with a high deposit and low rent component.
Raju warmed up to this idea and decided to go ahead with it although the term sheet clearly stated that any such transactions needed the approval of the investor as there could be a potential conflict of interest and duty.
Raju decided to hasten the process and get the money out of the company which would certainly improve his personal cash flows. However the company having gone in for new factories in south and north had got into a cash crunch and liquidity crunch was being experienced in the system. Salaries were getting delayed and suppliers bills were not being paid on time and the reputation of the company as a credible organization was taking  a beating. 
Dr.Naik in effect was proving to be  a lame duck CEO and Ramesh was finding it difficult to get advance payment against orders.
The R& D efforts had been stepped up and Raju was seeing good results from Dr.Naik’s initiatives but then the concern was commercialization of the products .Flavored water still did not have many takers and the market for this product was still in its infancy.
Ramesh continued to sell the tried and tested mineral water. However Mary with virtually no experience in selling was willing to take up the challenge and was experimenting with some soft selling.
KB was helping Mary strategise the foray in international markets and after careful evaluation the gulf market and the SAARC countries like Bangladesh,Pakistan and Sri Lanka were chosen as markets for this new product.
In the mean time Raju continued to work with the PE guys for quick infusion of funds and had also started the advertisement on buses and put up hoardings talking of mineral water and what Babco was doing in terms of growth and helping citizens get good hygienic water.
Ads were simple but conveyed the essence and Raju gambled with a huge ad budget in anticipation of the PE funds.
The entrepreneur and risk taker in Raju was omnipresent and with new products and new markets backed by funds Raju did not see himself taking  a wrong step.
Raju’s bankers were happy at his progress and they considered him a valued customer. Leading newspaper Indian Times in the country was willing to play ball as they saw in him a huge potential.
Raju’s ad budget was Rs. 3 cr. and a substantial portion was given to this newspaper and he hit upon the idea of having  a paid article in the Indian Times on the front page.
The payment had to be made only 60 days hence and therefore had a substantial credit period for him to pull off this stunt.
The news in the leading daily was welcomed by one and all and more so all felt that the valuation for  an FMCG company at this level was really a good one .Congratulatory messages started pouring in and Raju was on  a new high feeling nice having this war chest in place for further expansion and acquisitions. 
The funds would be wired in a weeks time and Raju could now confidently state that his footprints would be present nationally to begin with.
In the mean time Ramesh had been making tremendous progress in the institutional segment of sales and bulk orders were being obtained by him.
Corporate marketing as a division was kicking off and the volumes would ensure adequate profitability.
KB had been proved right again in this strategic thrust. Ramesh was coerced by KB to go into recruitment and the rationale was conveyed beautifully in a one liner when KB remarked “Ramesh change your mind set and think big looking at capturing larger market space. Please do not see what the competitors are doing. Look at how you can expand the market with new product launches ,catering to different segments.”
Ramesh was quick to understand and his reaction “Boss got it and will be done. ”
Mary had slowly started building the data base in the international markets and started with Dubai as her first foray in the international markets.
Her thought process was simple - give innovative products to the Indians settled in Dubai and you have got  a differentiator to be  a possible winner. Mary consulted KB intensely and informed Raju of the proposed entry strategy with a grand launch in Dubai to be focused with Bollywood glitterati to give support to the event.
This was the game plan and now Mary had the big task of mapping the Dubai market and getting the people in place.
Raju was excited about going global and he was constantly urging Mary to do it faster saying funds are no constraint.
Ramesh was not too impressed with the entire scenario and made no bones of the fact that he was displeased with the attention being given to Mary . According to him she was a green horn and should have ideally worked under him with international sales being part of his portfolio but the powers that be had a soft corner for Mary and he could not fathom why and more so KB who was supposed to be fair in his assessment seemed to be carried away by Mary’s potential vis-à-vis his actual performance.
Perhaps the loyalty factor and the emotional bond had tilted the scales in favor of Mary and though he liked Mary was not sure she could pull it off.
By now the company had grown big and Dr.Naik was feeling the heat as Raju was always irritated when he met him.
Times had changed and Dr.Naik knew that his days were numbered though innovation and R&D in the labs was still his pet  area and the scientist in him yearned to do  more of this.
Mary went about her job like a true professional and Raju took special interest in her development as Head of international operations.
Raju decided to accompany Mary on her first trip to Dubai and it did cause a concern to Bertha.
Somewhere Bertha felt that Raju continued to have a soft corner for Mary and there was this feeling that he was having the best of all the worlds.
Raju now a days was chomping the cigar with élan and moving with exaggerated confidence in the office .A spring in his steps suggested that Raju was looking at the global platform with intensity and unlocking values for the company seemed to be his goal.
Mary was excited with the trip and in a meticulous manner she planned the trip economizing in the travel costs and even settling for only  a business hotel.
Raju would have none of this and wanted to fly business class and be in the Hilton towers as this was the hotel of his choice.
Surprisingly for a true Indian owner Raju had a fetish for all things American be it the blondes or the brands. English and French brands were passé to him and they did not appeal to his senses. Raju loved the American sense of humour and the business like approach to work unlike the argumentative Indian or so he felt.
The thought of being with Mary on a trip made his heart flutter and he felt good about it
and was looking forward to the trip. 
The good news was on Monday morning Peter informed that the PE guys had wired the money and the first tranche of Rs. 20 cr. had come in to the escrow account.
A new beginning in Raju’s life and the commencement of a new chapter . Raju sure would have no looking back and this was just the beginning.
Raju had a party on Friday night as he was going off to Dubai on Saturday and celebrations was carried out in a big way.
Raju loved the accolades showered upon him and started feeling that only he could have pulled it off.
When people asked him how he did it from such humble beginnings his only reply was dedication ,perseverance, being ethical and taking care of his employees.
Ironically Raju never had time to review Dr.Naik and give a pay increase or look at the support functions and reward them.
Others including Ramesh in the line function demanded their pound of flesh and Raju yielded to them and also praised them .
But Shyam who had now taken over as the defacto CFO and helped in the due diligence of the company was taken for granted and Babu was a good loyal soldier .
The party showed Bertha in not so good a mood and there were cold vibes exchanged between her and Mary in the party.
KB appeared for a short while made his presence felt and vanished quickly before the show had begun and they danced and partied till the wee hours of the morning.
Mary was manners personified and would not take  a wrong step though Bertha felt that she was the queen bee and Mary was a patch on her as far as looks were concerned.
Well Bertha knew how to flaunt her assets and Mary surprisingly never felt insecure as this was not an area where she would like to be declared a winner.
Mary was certainly no socialite and she loved the tag of being a professional and Bertha was always upset that Raju had great regard for her. Never was Mary mentioned in any of his conversations with Bertha but a woman’s instinct was sufficient to warn her that in times of crisis Raju would prefer Mary to Bertha.
Beauty could be traded off for competence and Bertha felt too bad about it. She was there for all the dos but the respect Mary had in the corporate world was of a different order and she had just made a beginning as far as international operations were concerned.
How Bertha yearned for this credibility!
Dubai proved to be an eye opener to Raju and he was always understanding and helpful sharing his thoughts with Mary and giving her insights of whatever he understood of the Dubai Market.
Surprisingly he now started feeling that Mary would be a success story but the greed in him always made him warn Mary and at times needle her into submission and fear saying “Please focus on getting your numbers in place as in six months I want you to show the world that you can sell like nobody’s business.”
This was what Mary dreaded and many a time she would get confused on whether she would be able to reach her targets.
Initial meetings with potential customers indicated that the products were liked though they had issues on whether quality would be good and made in India tag would sell.
But then India was becoming  a growth story and Indian entrepreneurs were making waves all over the world and the IT czars were from India and so was the small car hub along with the much maligned BPO outsourcing. Americans had been banagalored and it had become a serious issue in the US presidential elections.
Raju was sure that India would gain prominence in the FMCG sector too and he wanted to lead the charge globally.
Mary had done a good amount of soft selling and was confident of bagging orders from the gulf in a month’s time. Her only concern was delivery schedule and the whole process of supply chain management. Could we as an Indian company adhere to deadlines and get our act in place.
Dr. Naik doubled up as the technical head but Mary was not sure that they could pull of the deliveries on time.
Foreign companies had stringent clauses and liquidated damages would be playing a big role where Indian owners were not used to penal damages being enforced.
Raju was excited by the response and loved to over commit saying that they had world class systems and was short on patience with some of the Arab customers who could not speak proper English.
Mary decided mentally that this was the last time she would have Raju on a client call although this trip was an eye opener and she enjoyed Raju’s company.
How she wished things had been different and Raju had sensed her feelings for him and acted accordingly.
But then beautiful ladies were a weakness for Raju and she was not sure how long Bertha would last in Raju’s company before a new one entered his life.
The PE guys had a seat on the board and they wanted a board meeting for the coming quarter which coincided with the financial year ending of 31st march and Raju was not sure that he would be able to conduct the board meeting.
KB was asked for advice and as usual KB was up to the task of getting the board meeting organized.
Raju had not had one board meeting in  the organization in  a formal manner and was not used to a structured form of having board meetings.
KB got the agenda and the presentation made and also involved Dr.Naik ,Ramesh,Mary and Shyam in the presentations. 
Dr .Naik would talk of R& D ,Ramesh on domestic sales, and Shaym on the numbers and working capital management.
Hesitantly Raju called KB aside and asked him whether he would join the Board of directors.
With a look bordering on surprise KB wanted to know the need for doing this in haste. Possibly a touch of nerves was his conclusion after Raju just nodded his head and asked him to accept the invitation.
In the board meeting Deepak Khandala-the PE nominee director , an alumni of Wharton and with years of experience in FMCG having had stints with Unilevers and Nabisco was in a mood to tear Raju apart.
From sales to people retention and compensation programs he had come as a one man demolition army to bring Raju back to earth with hard hitting facts and conveying his displeasure on the financial performance.
The company had clocked a turnover of Rs. 280 cr. falling short of the projected Rs. 300  cr. and also the profits were lower than had been estimated at Rs. 14 cr. as opposed to Rs. 18cr.
The new products were not doing too well and Dr.Naik was questioned on the product quality and why the customers’ had not warmed up to these new initiatives. 
Ramesh was quick to point out in his enthusiastic mode that new products always took time and the existing products like the 20 litre bottles and the 1 liter packs were doing extremely well despite competition.
Raju felt totally at sea and was finding it too hot to handle the questions looking at KB for assistance all the time.
The Indian owner could not manage the board meeting as the Chairman of the organization and he did feel his inadequacy for the first time.
While in the meeting his mind wandered ands started thinking of going for an advanced course to Harvard to polish the edges and gain knowledge. He would seek KB’s advice and take a sabbatical if need be and have KB as the interim chairman of the firm.
The board meeting ended with a lot of learnings and deliverables were chalked out for the first time right in earnest.
The new investor was making things uncomfortable and Raju was acutely aware of it. Further it was also made clear that there would be a compensation committee to be headed by Deepak and and audit committee to be headed by KB to have corporate governance introduced in the company.
Raju was not amused by these developments and soon the thoughts started coming in his mind had he made a wrong move in this direction by having a private equity investor in the company. Interference was one which he did not want and thought that the money could be used by him in a manner which was more owner driven.
Adding insult to injury was the fact that KB agreed with Deepak’s observations and also suggested that Raju and Dr.Naik be reviewed on the new factories coming up and project budgeting need to be looked at and cash flow need to be monitored.
Was his friend teaming up with Deepak to pull him down was a fleeting thought in Raju’s mind but dismissed it instantaneously .Surely things were not panning out as envisaged and this was just the beginning.
The board meeting had some positives with  Mary receiving a lot of credit for her structured approach to international markets and all in the Board members  felt that she would be the dark horse and prove  a winner.
Raju had pride in his eyes even when down on an individual note and the look did not escape notice of Mary.
After the meeting the first person Mary thanked was KB saying that his mentoring had helped he and would not let him down. However Mary did add “KB expectations are high and I am frightened of non performance .”
KB did soothe her verves by saying “We will work together for your success.” Speaking as a champion coach and mentor and KB was at his inimitable best on such somber occasions.
Raju in typical style did say “KB you have all gains and I get all pains and am not respected be it by my people or the directors who love to hate me and teach me ethics when they are themselves unethical.”
KBs online repartee was  a quick nice one “Raju but then as the owner you gain the most so wait for your day.”
This camaraderie had a salutary effect on the team and they always liked these exchanges which had humour and practical insights attached to it .For once Ramesh and Mary were on the same page and in unison they acknowledged that the bosses were good to work with.
Somehow this board meeting had galvanized Ramesh to prove a point as he felt let down by Raju and KB since accolades did not come his way.
Next morning Ramesh met Raju and directly confronted him asking “Boss are you not happy with me and if so I would like to quit and not be a burden in the system.”
Ironically Raju had wanted to tell him that although he was not appreciated Ramesh was doing a good job but then being timely in his approach was not Raju’s forte.
Raju replied with considerable sincerity “ Mary was only being encouraged as she is getting into a line job and should her performance not match up to potential the board will not spare her. Remember Ramesh I am the largest shareholder and owner but still I had to take flak for non performance on the project front in terms of time lines.”
Ramesh sobered down but still was peeved at the treatment meted out to him .He had a lot of pride in his capability and was secretly nursing the wound of not being given the additional portfolio of international operations.
KB who was his role model was also to blame for this and Ramesh would broach this topic at an appropriate time.
Let the numbers kick in and do the talking and Ramesh would then emerge the uncrowned prince of the company.
Dr.Naik was clearly getting concerned with the changes and expressed his desire to step down but added “Raju I shall get a technical head and a research head to take it forward as I cannot take this pressure anymore. You will be flogging a dead horse and I shall loose respect which will not be good in the interest of the firm.”
Raju nodded his head in acknowledgement though overcome by emotion could not respond back. Heart in heart he knew of Dr.Naik’s contributions during the start up days and sheer nostalgia made him almost say do not sep down when a timely entrance of KB and a reassuring hand told him that he needs to keep quiet.
KB ever the professional acknowledged Dr.Naiks contribution and added that possibly the time had come for him to step down and how much Dr.Naik hated him for reinforcing this thought process and silently walked out of the room .It was going to be yet another chapter unfolding in Babco.
KB looked at Raju and stated “I guess the time has come for fresh blood in the system and youngsters to take charge and Raju you need to only look at People and pay them generously of course for the right talent. People will make the difference and we have to only work on the people process in the organization and the rest will fall in place .”
Raju was in a contemplative mode and said “KB can we pull it off or will I loose  my company?”
KB in a reassuring tone stated “Raju do not be the owner who has greed written all over his face but take care of good people in the firm and the results will follow and for gods sake have patience.”
From the time the funds had come in Raju was portraying  a different outlook  outwardly confident and at times bordering on arrogance talked of becoming the biggest mineral water company in the country. His sights were clearly set on market capitalization and having at least a billion dollars in market Cap in the next three years post the IPO.
Internal processes were still not in place but then Raju did feel that he cannot oversee everything by himself.
The new head of Projects Ganesh was proving to be an asset and the factories were coming up at a fast clip.
Dr. Naik had now totally taken  a back seat and was only concentrating on the R & D being reduced to  a figure head and Raju was directly interacting with all the line managers.
The distribution system was in place and KB had advocated a monthly review which could put things in proper perspective.
The capital spending had increased substantially and there was a possibility of  a working capital crunch being experienced in the coming months if debtors and stocks were not to be under reasonable levels.
Age analysis revealed that debtors over six months were forming 50% of the entire current assets and it was evident that Ramesh was selling intensely but not having good realizations or collections and could have potential write offs in the system.
KB had been warning all on this front and the need of the hour was to have a check on the working capital management.
Mary was slowly getting the team for international operations in place and surprisingly she had cobbled up an all woman team and Raju was fascinated looking at the composition of her team. Her order winning capacity was also good and slowly international operations was looking up.
Inwardly Raju was pleased and he was willing to spend time with her team as they were good looking girls and also the partying kind. Mary for one did not approve of this behavior and she felt that her authority would get diluted. There were regular showdowns between the two and as the time progressed with her capability to sell increasing manifold she started giving clear directions to her team in terms of accountability and responsibility. Mary gave a directive to this effect “ Hey guys you can speak to the boss but when it comes to work and strategy for international sales please ignore him and only take my inputs.”
Raju felt hurt but then when there was a discussion with KB and Mary in the interest of the organsiation it was felt that what Mary did was the right thing though KB counseled her that the method could have been subtle, Mary had a ready answer for that “ KB subtle methods do not work with Raju as he loves to be with beautiful girls and given a choice flirting could be his past time. Further at the month end I will be held responsible for targets and hammered tooth and nail .Pray tell me who is to blame for the non performance of the team.”
KB was quite impressed with Mary’s observation and nodded in agreement though it still baffled him why Mary continued to nurse and love Raju even to this date despite his failings.
Love has no seasons it has only a reason best known to the people in love with each other. He admired their relationship which had only grown stronger over last ten years .
What a combination ,a silent sufferer in the form of Mary and a flamboyant businessmen who was getting whatever he wanted.
In this day of emancipation and liberated women the man with the dough called the shots and Raju fitted the bill to the tee as he could move with Bertha and be with Mary all in the same day and have a blast in the night with Bertha’s friends –wannabe actresses and models.
Yes life in the fast lane was exciting for him and there were no feelings of emotional bond to one person or being faithful .It had more to do with establishing the right connections and getting the right deals to further the organizational growth possibly at any cost. Gone were the days when Indians lacked confidence, Raju belonged to the new breed of self made industrialists who had confidence and aggression and considered making a mark in global scenario as their goal.
Possibly this self confidence stemmed from having seen the world at close quarters and having seen other industrialists in other countries in various economic forums felt that India could take on the world. India had the capability to take on the world provided they had the discipline which was slowly  coming in the system. No longer were Indian complexed and this was being witnessed with campaigns of Incredible India and shining India being endorsed by industrialists.
Raju had now started thinking of inorganic growth looking at the mergers and acquisitions route to expand his business and have the growth in place.
In the past this would have been unthinkable as making decent profits was the norm and looking at a place in the global map was never the hall mark of the Indian owner. 
One good thing was happening along with greed, the Indian owner was looking at global positioning of his company and that was a sign of good times to come.Raju was no exception to this thought process.
KB had instituted the monthly review mechanism and Raju had a new found feeling of awareness of things happening in the organization.Raju was now getting used to the structured way of getting things done though his time management still left much to be desired.
The quarterly numbers were not kicking in and Ramesh was facing the flak.
The growth was not on and Raju lost his patience in the meetings .The problem employees faced was that Raju only asked for numbers and why they had not been achieved .He did not look at the problems faced by the employee and only wanting results to be attained at any cost.
Looking after the employees was not even on the agenda of Raju and if rewards had to be given it was only for sales targets being reached and no more.KB had a softer side and empathized with the employees and understood their constraints when it came to performance.
But what baffled him the most was the fear the employees had for Raju the owner and this was manifested in the monthly reviews where people kept quiet and Raju threw tantrums for targets not being achieved .They complained in private and were fearful of him in particular and accepted his directives meekly.
Slowly Ramesh was getting out of this mode and in a meeting when Raju ripped apart his staff for non performance Ramesh with uncharacteristic alacrity said “Boss if you feel we are not doing a good job please show us how to sell and have a target for yourself. Possibly we will learn from you how to sell.”Raju was stunned into silence and did not have the guts to retaliate as he knew that although he could set up projects selling was not his forte.
Raju was at his politest best after that outburst from Ramesh and the rest of the meeting went on well .Ramesh had taken an upper hand and the whole organization was seeing this change .His boys were proud of their boss and once the meeting was over there were appreciative gestures from them to the effect that we are grateful to you boss.
KB in a moment of spontaneity hugged Ramesh after the meeting with no words exchanged but then Ramesh knew that his mentor was proud of him.Always KB’s words “fight for your rights and do not give in when the other person is unreasonable” echoed in his mind when Raju was unduly harsh with him.
Ramesh would use this weapon judiciously and ensure that the owner in Raju would never get the better of him in years to come.
Performance capital was here to stay and no owner could afford to misbehave with his star performers.
Mary for the first time in so many years had no sympathy for Raju and on the contrary was astonished with this performance from Ramesh and grudgingly admired him and did not even console Raju though he appeared shaken after the meeting.
Raju was a loner and he felt miserable being in no mood to see KB as he knew that his friend and well wisher would not side him .KB had always warned Raju of the consequences of being intemperate and not acting with grace when the employees were genuinely facing hardships and surely this was not a forum for Rajus outbursts.
Raju after a very long time felt the need to go somewhere away from home as suddenly he could not imagine spending time with Bertha and doing small talk at home.
Govind had called him as he could see from the missed calls and Raju was curious to know how Govind had remembered him after such  a long time.
He returned the call and as usual Govind ever the courteous person replied cheerfully saying that he was having a party and wanted Raju to join him in the fun.
Raju decided to go for the party and told him that he would be coming alone as he was feeling under the weather. 
“Rajubhai  please come and there will be plenty of girls to chose from and also the night will always be young with dance and music and you can stay overnight . I have booked a room for you and tomorrow is a Sunday and you can go home at leisure” Govind stated with his characteristic earnestness.
Raju was now excited to go for the party and the theme was black and so decided to pick up some informal party wear from the Hilton shopping arcade.
When he entered the venue for the party the place was already crowded and Govind was no where to be seen though his lackeys took adequate care of Raju.
Govind came later with a bevy of beauties stylishly dressed and was a trifle formal which did not go down well with Raju.
A lot of actors and cricketers were there in the party along with the rich and famous and the shocker was Raju escorted Ramesh when he came later.Ramesh was an employee and he was getting a better treatment than Raju who used to be Govind’s employer and Raju simply could not digest this fact.
The dance floor was on fire and even some of the PE guys who had met Raju during the funding period were there in this party.
Raju could not believe how times had changed and people only respected money. There was a new found respect for Govind and unconsciously Raju addressed him rather respectfully and said “Govindbhai the place is rocking !”Govind  in turn replied “Bossy we have the minister coming as the guest of honour and there will be a surprise announcement.”
The minister came an hour later than the prescribed time and then the surprise was unveiled “ Fortune group would expand and build world class five star hotels in collaboration with the Sheraton group world wide.”
Raju was numbed into inaction by this announcement and he could only admire Govind for chutzpah and guts to launch a hotel in Mumbai and transform himself  into  a business leader.
Govind spoke crisply and made only one poignant remark “I shall not forget my employees who have helped me in this journey. ”
After that it was party time and Govind was in his element .Ladies flocked around him and there was an aura about him which made one feel that this man would make it big in the corporate world.
Raju wondered whether his once upon a time, man Friday, was the same man and started thinking whether he could ask him anything in return. The tables had turned forever and the equation had gone for a toss.Raju could no longer be in this party and he felt suffocated and tried to move out unobtrusively.
As he reached his car feeling slightly dizzy at the turn of events the car door was opened for him and Govind stood in front of him and said with a deadpan face “Bossy you are not happy with my progress and I could make out .Remember one thing Rajubhai allow everybody to bloom and you shall become bigger. You need to change your methods and be broad minded and success will be at your doorstep. Share the wealth with your employees who are your true partners and treat them as human beings and friends instead of having a master –servant relationship which you exhibited with me. God bless you.”
Raju just nodded his head and looked at him for one last time  before the car moved on. 
Next day morning the review meeting indicated that sales were slower than expected and the half yearly numbers would not be met.Raju was getting concerned and Ramesh with great gusto said that it can be achieved in the second half.
“Are we courting death?” Raju asked the top management team forgetting what Govind had said the previous night and did not stop at that .Further he stated if we do not hit the numbers I will be diluted tremendously.
Mary was the least amused with this statement and asked him “How should we take it forward to reach the numbers and what is the course correction?” Raju had no answer and ended up getting irritated.
Shyam had been quiet in the meeting so far but then he added “Boss to reach the numbers is almost impossible and we may have to buy profits to ensure that dilution to the PE fund is not on the higher side.”
Raju was acutely aware that all eyes were focused on him and he had waxed eloquent on corporate ethics in the past and now to do creative accounting to reach the numbers was more out of greed and self interest rather than based on organisational goals.
Ramesh observed this situation with interest and Dr.Naik was very quiet understanding a new dimension to the entire story.
Ramesh decided to break the silence and added “Boss I have always maintained that we have to give kick backs to get government contracts and I have been doing it regularly. Further I take these guys to the Dance bars where the girls dance and rooms are arranged for them to have a good night and then the targets are achieved.” There was laughter and curiosity and also a sense of admiration for Ramesh.
Ramesh further added, “we may think it is easy to do but cops have raided these bars when the PSU heads have been in compromising position with the girls and I have had to use my own influence to get them out as my relatives are in the judiciary and the police forces and I have not come to you boss begging for help. If we have to manufacture profits through creative accounting so be it and we should go ahead. I would second Shyam’s proposal.” 
People  would love to be in his shoes but then they did not understand the dangers of such wheeling dealing as it involved cops and raids and could get the person and the company in a soup.
But from outside all this looked like exciting stuff and Dr. Naik had a new found respect for Ramesh.
The meeting over every body dispersed with a sense of helplessness and not one felt for Raju and his share holding coming down as they felt Raju had never been with them during the bad times.
Mary was getting restless and feeling low after this meeting and for the first time broke down  and told Raju that she wanted to meet him separately. 
Raju knew what was coming but had not anticipated this turn of events and as Raju entered his cabin Mary followed him and let loose a volley of words which numbed Raju’s senses “is this the way to run an organization and for you Ramesh will be the blue eyed boy who can do anything to get the numbers. Are you in your senses when you do such activities and what are we talking about in terms of ethics and does KB know about it .And finally I do not want to work here and with immediate effect accept my resignation.” She stormed out of the room and Raju did not know what hit him.
Raju was in agreement with Mary and much as he wanted to follow her footsteps he knew that Ramesh was being practical and giving his best so that his boss does not loose out in the equity stakes.
Dr.Naik by now had started focusing only on new products and the new Project head and reported directly to Raju on the factories coming up which were happening at a  faster pace as the money had come in .Dr. Naik was not in the picture as far as targets were concerned and Raju had stopped asking him of how to reach the top line .
So the only person who would help him was undoubtedly KB and Raju decided to call him over for a meeting in this regard.
KB was practical but at the same time cautioned “Raju this is fraught with danger as the tiger will be chasing its own tail and can become  a vicious cycle as tax has to be paid on fictitious profits. ” 
Raju responded after a short pause “KB my objective is not to have the PE employ the claw back clause where his holding goes up substantially and can be  a cause of concern for all of us in the future as then the PE fund will dictate terms. ”
Creative accounting would pose serious problems and KB tried his best to tell Raju to avoid it but then Raju was hell bent on holding on to his stakes and once in frustration remarked “KB you have often repeated that even MNCs are no angels though they portray to be ethical and we are small and I do not see anything wrong in going by this route. But please do not be a whistle blower when you get upset at a future date. ”
Having said this there was a finality in his voice and KB decided that after all it was Raju’s company and why should I bother if he is insisting on it and reluctantly relented to this act of his , though personally he would have nothing to do with it.
Babu was put on the job and Ramesh was willing to take the mantle of getting it implemented in terms of purchasing profits and showing the desired bottom line without the accounting firms or the PE guys coming to know of it.
The paper work was to be carried out with utmost caution and between Ramesh and Babu and useful chipping in by Shyam this act would be done well before the due date. 
The purchase of sales would be distributed over the six months period and would be invisible to the auditors even if  a scrutiny was to be carried out.
But then Indian accounting standards were prone to such adjustments and given the license Raju that had prevailed corruption had become a byword in the tax department and it was possible to have a compromise reached with the Income Tax officer and get away with minor tax penalties in the future if taxes were not paid on time and that would be the case here. Compliance would be an issue but Raju would deal with it at a  later date.
Raju was using the PE money for setting up of the factories and that was going at a faster rate and the factories in north and south would be ready in a month or so though cost over runs had been suffered.
All these problems would be  a thing of the past once the factories were up and kicking or so Raju thought. Little did he realize that selling was different from manufacturing and needed a game plan to be in place.
In the men time Bertha had started throwing tantrums of wanting a good car and a house where the glitterati stayed and Raju had no personal money with him to afford these luxuries at the moment.
But then he knew that Bertha was getting impatient and so he decided to quieten her by buying a Merc.KB advised him to buy it as part of his perks in the company and nobody would question it as his salary was relatively low.
Raju liked these simple feasible solutions from KB and decided to throw a party on Bertha’s birthday and gift her the Merc and make her happy.
Mary in the meantime was not in her element as her relationship with Raju had deteriorated and Ramesh was being given more importance in the scheme of things.
She decided to have  a  chat with KB and went to meet him in his office.
As had always been the case a sense of reassurance always came when she met KB and this time it was no different. KB in his patient crisp American accent was at his best in mentoring and did convey  a few gems to her .KB maintained that owners will go to any extent to protect their interests and asked a very simple question to Mary “Please do not get me wrong but you have been a custodian of his black money .How ethical is that and Mary you have  a pride in handling it as you get a feeling that you are his confidante and having the safe deposit vault keys.”
Mary saw what KB was saying and now understood the importance of the statement. Her concern was not unethical practices of her boss but the fact that she was not kept in the loop.
This got highlighted as Mary got the answer to her internal dissonance. She was personally ethical but when it came to her boss and his methods she had not protested in the past or on the contrary she had aided him by supporting what he did by virtue of her silence.
Suddenly things seemed to be falling in place and she seemed to understand what KB meant when he always stated that  the Indian owner always thought of making money and at that time nothing mattered as all other things were secondary to him.
The flip side was the prevailing eco system and the culture of corruption which, all pervading did not allow the Indian businessman to progress in a very ethical manner.
All the companies which had hit big time and also the INDIAN MNCs had problems of ethicality in the past though their owners always spoke of corporate governance and best practices for the benefit of the public at large.
The corporate did what they wanted and the owners image of protecting a “rags to riches” story was left to the PR agencies who handled it adroitly as part of their reputation management exercise.
Mary was slowly learning more of the Indian owner but she realized it was too late now to turn the clock back and say that she would not handle Raju’s black money, custodianship or becoming  a director in his company so that he could do activities not exactly ethical and compliant as far as group company transactions were concerned.
Raju normally had Mary as his representative in other ventures where his name should not figure or shareholding should not be in his names, had abundant faith and trust in her to the extent that Mary could hold shares on his behalf.
He would never be comfortable doing it with Bertha and here he  was clear on whom to trust and rightly so.
Mary now felt cheated as she had been doing these activities for him at a great cost to her reputation and had not realized it all this while and thought that she would never be used by Raju.How wrong it proved to be and Mary had only herself to blame.
KB told her to be more pragmatic and ask for her pound of flesh in terms of performance and earnings .This in his own nice way he conveyed would be the problem with every owner and she was better off with a known person in this case rather than entering uncharted territory by going for a new job.
Raju seemed to have got his act in place in terms of showing profits and his machinations and innovative accounting was applauded in board meetings with the top management getting rave reviews and pats for a sterling performance.
Only KB wondered when would real profits flow in and he could justifiably be proud of having coached a team to success .But then patience was needed to get rid of this culture and KB would be in the system to clean the system of the deficiencies that plagued it at this juncture. It would not be prudent to disturb the apple cart at this juncture as all the plans of growth and wealth creation would fall apart if the profits were to be miniscule.
The factories had come up quite nicely and the production being sold was the key challenge.
The domestic market was expanding and new players had come in the system but Sparkle as a brand had established it self really well .Ramesh was slowly getting into the price war with competitors in a move to wipe out some of them. This move was fraught with danger but Raju and Ramesh felt that brand extensions with lower pricing would be an interesting weapon to fight competition.
The presence of factories in various geographies was a boon as the transpiration costs had come down considerably and Ramesh could fight a price war on brand extensions while keeping the flagship brand Sparkle intact.
Dr. Naik had in the meantime done his part of setting up the R&D team and also ensuring that quality personnel were in place.
Raju was quite happy with the way things had panned out and Dr. Naik on more than one occasion had expressed a desire to step down from day to day operations.
Raju discussed it with KB and it was decided that in a years time the succession planning could take place .The only delicate part was the equation between Ramesh and Mary, where surely the latter would not report to Ramesh at any cost.
In the meantime international operations was making a big impact and Mary in her methodical manner had made major inroads in the gulf and the African countries. 
The company had  started exporting to several of these countries and Raju marveled at the way Mary could bring this type of understated selling in the company. All this was being done without much fan fare and Raju felt very happy of the move to put Mary in charge of exports and gave full credit to KB for his foresight.
KB had slowly started getting the internal systems being strengthened and as cash flows improved started writing off debtors.
Shyam was totally involved in the company and had now become the CFO virtually though continuing his own practice. This was in order to avoid any downside risk should the company not do well which according to KB was unfounded fears that he had in his mind.
Babu was fast maturing into a good accounts professional dealing with all the tax departments and solving cases which were tricky and could have severe legal implications.
Raju never treated Babu well and took him for granted .His salary had never been increased for ages. Ramesh was interacting with him often on tax matters and ensured that Babu’s salary was revised not even asking Raju but only informing him that it was unfair to treat him as a commodity and not have a performance appraisal for him.
Ramesh had surely developed leadership qualities and he had imbibed quite a bit of mental toughness from KB and business acumen from Raju and was proving to be a good leader.KB felt that it was only a matter of time before Ramesh became the CEO of the oragnisation as Raju’s interests were not operational and more tilted towards money making in the long run.
KB sat with the core team and getting the MIS in place which was an eye opener even to Raju where the deficiencies were in the company.
Shyam was very clear that the MIS could be done on a monthly basis and cash flow monitoring would be carried out which would solve many of the  concerns the PE guys had.KB had suggested the methodology and Ramesh together with Shyam decided to take the responsibility of implementing the same.
In the meeting it was also decided that exports would be a major thrust area and should a subsidiary be formed for intense focus or taking care of the people issue where Mary did not have to report to Ramesh in the long run .
After a lot of deliberations it was decided  that a derisked model could be there with a separate company in place since exports had become profitable and other products could also be exported through this channel of distribution that had been created and slowly become a multiproduct company instead of being only in mineral water.
This made sense as Raju after this exercise did comment spontaneously “guys how did we miss this out as two separate entities can be a great source of wealth creation in the future by way of independent listing in the stock markets.KB full credit to you for this brilliant strategy.” KB was all for it and had only a note of caution “let us downplay it in the board meeting and not create too much hype or else expectation levels can be on the rise.”
Having said this Raju also heaved a sigh of relief as when the next financial year commenced both Mary and Shaym would have independent companies to handle and people issue would be out of the way.
It was to be noted here and KB stated it with elegance “Guys we do not create structures to facilitate people management but to have first the business model and then look at the people to man it. In this case it is a coincidence that the business model helps in having two separate heads in the form of Ramesh and Mary.” Surely this did not go down well with  Ramesh and later he cornered Raju and asked him “Boss you did this under pressure and fearing reprisal from Mary. ” Raju just mumbled in reply and Ramesh was not happy with the outcome and would be sulking in days to come which would affect the organization badly.
KB did sense this uneasiness and did not try to cover it up but just added “My young friend I did what I could under the circumstances but remember that Raju is the owner and he will decide certain things which suit him whether it makes sense or not. Later consultants will be used to make it rationale and sound good. Remember owners use people to further their own goals and we are pawns in their hands as they have the shareholding although we may be intellectually more competent.”
Raju was a happy man as the decks had been cleared for the organization to prosper and Bertha in the meantime was getting small offers in films and she was having a party.Raju was excited going for the party as this would show case him as the new age entrepreneur and he could do some talking toady on business strategies.
Raju decided to head home early and on the way went to the HUGO BOSS outlet at the HILTON and decided to buy fancy outfits for himself and also casual party wear.
Having found the right outfits whistling and sounding happy he headed home.
Bertha was happy to see him and in a shimmering red dress was looking her dazzling self.Raju just scooped her and held her in his arms feeling so good that he had everything what he had desired and had happened in quick time. Coincidentally this had happened after Bertha had arrived in his life and this gave him a sense of security.
Bertha always encouraged him to do well and took him to other people in the higher strata so that Raju could see what was wealth creation in the country by mixing with the rich and famous.
Her plunging neckline made heads turn and Bertha had no qualms in displaying her assets. She always did state “Sweetheart my assets are for display and I need to flaunt them to attract attention  and in due course build a base for my career. Also a man needs to understand that men are after me so that I am not taken for granted.” Raju understood reading between the lines that Bertha was giving a veiled threat that there could be other men in her life should Raju misbehave with her any time in the future. 
That night Raju danced and drank to his heart’s content and was blabbering his way to glory.
He played poker and lost money at time deliberately to his investment banking friends and was full of himself as he knew that sooner than later he would arrive on the corporate scene.
“Guys I shall be on page 1 shortly while Bertha will be on page 3 and that would be a treat to watch.”
Bertha was busy with her friends and then decided to call it  a day and headed home as she was not too well.Raju and his friends  in the end  decided to go to a friend’s place for a cards session. While at this friend’s place, Michael who was known to Raju for a long time had decided to throw a surprise in the form of a dance by a Brazilian troop and Raju was touched by this gesture.
The Brazilian girls were good and they danced very well and Raju could not contain himself and kept staring at them half drunk and half asleep with Michael giving him good company in this ogling act.
Raju than slumped in the flat and had one of the girls for company the whole night. They drank and smoked cigars and also had a good time being with each other.Raju marveled at the girls figure and slowly explored her body and felt a tinge of excitement running all over him. The girl was a pro and she undressed Raju in a sensuous manner while Raju was barley able to contain himself. How Raju wished that the night would not end and he could continue to be with the girl forever.Raju’s lust knew no bounds and at this point even while drunk was besotted by the girl for the time being.
Beautiful sexy women were always Raju’s weakness and heart in heart he felt why not when this world is full of such wonderful people and you have the opportunity to experience and cherish the same.
Raju and the girl had a wonderful time in bed after which he came to know that she had settled in India and was  a salsa dance teacher in addition to being an architect in a German firm which had just set office in India and her name was Sasha.
Sasha was also used to snorting substance and Raju was first surprised and later a chill ran down his throat at the thought of substance abuse and what it could do to ones body.
But then dispelling all these negative thoughts Raju decided to have a go at snorting coke and got a high immediately.
Sasha was enjoying leading her man up the garden path and she had many more interesting meetings lined up in her mind in days to come. Boy would she not make Bertha pay for the remarks of not being well endowed in terms of vital stats. Well Raju could not take his eyes of her cleavage and was having a whale of a time being with her.
Raju was also sure that Bertha would be furious but then Bertha was no angel and was prepared to dump Raju when she would find him to be  a struggler compared to other entrepreneurs and more a dreamer than a performer. Things seemed to be looking up for Raju and what better way than to enjoy it with women and wine.
Michael, the investment banker was always the deal maker and even where women were concerned he tended to cut  a deal by buying the most expensive guests for the most beautiful women. But then women came to him on his terms for such a deal. Then in a party women of all sizes were fine with him and he did not have any issues so long as he was on a high and in a different platform altogether after substance abuse.
Raju thought of the future ahead and it excited him further and he felt making his billions was a matter of time.Raju had changed in his approach and attitude and to a certain extent after these parties had grown closer to politicians and Bollywood actors.
One lesson learnt was keep all the politicians happy and when one is in power it is hard to predict.
Raju was at his best in dealing with politicians and had a sense of satisfaction seeing them ask for monetary help as this was easy to handle.
One actor who was a craze in his heydays and now haggard and unnoticed asked him for  a free supply of flavored water at his residence and office and Raju readily obliged.
It was also not easy to be back at work after so much of partying and he was finding the going exciting as well as exhausting.
But in office back to work had different types of challenges and Raju was getting used to switch on and switch off modes.
Mary in the meantime was passing through a high professionally and thanks to the international operations picking up steam was confident of posting her first real numbers of contribution to the bottom line.
KB was the first to see this change and commented “Mary you are doing a cracker of  a job and I guess you will rock in this financial year.” Mary replied with excitement
“KB I need to perform consistently and sustain my run rate” and KB had this to say
“So long as you focus on long term goals without forgetting the short term milestones you will be a winner.”
Raju in the meantime was heaving a sigh of relief as all the areas were firing up well be it production or sales both domestic and international and was very happy with the progress.KB was addressing the systems part in a systematic manner and Raju was now ready to embark on a new journey. The aspiration levels were high and as now politicians had become closer to him getting the necessary clearances was not an issue.
Raju also felt that the board meetings which were real thanks to KB’s insistence and the PE presence were now helping him in scaling up operations.
The next logical step was to have more people at the top and also look at the Initial Public Offering which was a different animal altogether. But then before venturing into it some spring cleaning was called for and that would involve a few heads rolling as they had outlived their utility . Raju needed to induct fresh blood be it at the board level or at the top management level .The ideal sounding board KB had already asked him to look at this long ago.Raju did tend to wonder why KB never became an entrepreneur and never had an answer for the same .Some day he would sit with his friend and understand KBs trip in life.
The  new journey KB had reminded Raju needed a mind set to think different and think big talking the global language with a local orientation.KB always postulated
“have  a differentiator and you will be a winner and Raju was ready to start his new lessons.”
The PE guys were quite impressed with the performance being put up and though creative accounting had its own share of problems Raju had managed it well.
Infact with profits increasing Ramesh had told Raju “boss we will adjust the debtors against excess performance the current year and all the fictitious profits would be removed from the system.”
Raju had a sense of achievement and he knew the implications of overstating profits and paying taxes when cash flows were an issue for him. He had successfully overcome this hurdle and would never like to indulge in this practice in years to come .But for this to happen he needed to build a war chest and what better way than to go for an IPO.
The markets were at an all time high and it would be the right time to get into this act at an early date.
The organization needed to have a new look and Raju started identifying potential candidates to being members on the Board of directors.KB was a natural choice and who would be needed in the Board to balance other members who though high profile may be potentially a problem to tackle in the board meetings.
KB being knowledgeable and a practical strategist would be of great help in such situations or so Raju felt.
The other board members had to be finalized and Raju did have an impressive array of contacts to be showcased as Board members just before the public issue.
In the meantime many people who had not kept in touch with Raju were now calling him knowing from the market grapevine that an IPO was in the offing and investor relationship would be the key to success in the future. By now Raju had become a glib talker and knew that getting the right people on board would be a value proposition he would create to sell his issue at a whopping premium.
Raju first started looking at the CEO slot and decided to call his friend who was with a FMCG multinational in the past to come on board.
Riten had been in several MNCs including P&G and Unilevers and it was an ideal opportunity for him to jump ship as his career was not going anywhere after he had left them and tried being on his own.
Raju decided to entice him by offering stock options as part of the ESOP plan but with a lower fixed salary and coupled with performance bonus.Riten warmed up to the idea immediately and Raju shook hands with him as he would be on board in a month.
Raju had only one task and one mantra to get the right people at the right price and he knew that there was traction on the ground as far as people recruitment was concerned, the only need being to build momentum on this activity.
Riten in the meantime was bubbling with ideas and had already started mapping the people requirement in the organization and KB had cautioned Raju to rein him in as this man at times functioned as though he owned the company.Raju though indulgent was a quick learner and not necessarily in line with KBs  over cautious thoughts but was surely going to ensure that Riten did not become a multiheaded hydra in the company.
Riten got Raju to interview people every Saturday and by this time resentment had set in the organization, The old loyalists were fuming and the first to walk out was Dr. Naik who felt insulted and did not quite like Riten ordering him around and asking him for deliverables.
Raju had not expected that panic and fear would be set in motion by this single recruitment. Even Ramesh and Mary, his pillars of strength were showing resentment against Riten and his abrasive ways of interaction.
Well life was always teaching him new lessons and sometimes he wondered if he could have got all this experience going to  B-School and rationalized probably not. But this was proving to be too hot to handle and needed the intervention of KB in the system.
Raju went back to his mentor and asked him to step in at this juncture to resolve the people crisis facing the oragnisation.
KB felt that Riten was a good find and complimented Raju on this aspect but warned him in changing the people to being performance driven overnight as this would not happen.
“Raju people are not machines where you switch on and switch off at will and expect results in quick time which is never the case. ”
Raju responded by saying “KB we need to move fast and have our people in pace to have the IPO on a strong footing.”
KB was always clear and crisp with his replies and summed up a touch poetically “Raju when the din and disturbance settle down you will realize that in this eventful journey possibly unconsciously you hurt  a few who stood by you through thick and thin and were only guilty of having reposed their faith and trust in you keeping up their pride and not treating them as dirt to be washed away forever.”
Raju while appreciating the thought was in no mood for concessions and a man possessed with a mission simply stated “KB, I need to have a billion dollars in market capitalization and that is my vision and shall leave no stone unturned to reach this goal and prove the pessimists wrong.”
And of this KB had no doubt except that it hurt him that Raju had a streak of arrogance and  was prepared to do anything to reach the top by ways fair or foul as at the end  what mattered was making money.
The company had grown big and Raju had lost count of the new people in the organization. In fact his conversation with the top management was abrupt and abrasive making it clear that all that he wanted was numbers to be generated at any cost.
Ramesh and Mary were upset with his behaviour and so was Shyam and Dr.Naik with Babu having no say in any matter .
Even though the company had funds there was no human touch with a full fledged HR department in place.
Raju was seized of this problem and KB was trying to assist him in getting a suitable HR person but then it was not easy.
Training and Development was becoming important as the people in the company were not tuned to a culture of getting the milestones achieved and Raju impressed Ramesh and Mary on this aspect repeatedly.
Dr. Naik was now a mere bystander in the entire proceedings and Raju just ordered him at will and treated him like  a doormat. Although  Dr. Naik threatened to leave with no alternative in hand and having retirement blues was not willing to take this decision and his wobbling journey in life continued becoming  a passenger in the ship with each passing day.
The company had made great strides in the export front thanks to Mary and Raju was pleased with the progress. Mary had picked up the nuances of selling and now covered the gulf with ease. The beauty of her selling was the ability to get long term contracts in the company so that the order book always remained healthy.
Ramesh had developed his second line well and as a result the domestic sales had also taken off pretty rapidly covering various geographies.Srikanth his deputy was doing  a fabulous job and competitors were getting concerned with this aggression.
The Board meeting had a well orchestrated agenda and KB was able to impress upon the top management to make presentations to the Board on the half yearly performance.
KB sat with each of them and vetted their presentations to have a good impact on the crucial day.
Peter was impressed with the progress and though cost over runs were there in  the projects for factories put up in north and south, the sales and strategies had a positive effect on the board. 
Raju was very happy with the overall turn of events as even Dr. Naik was complimented for the new flavoured products in pouches which had become a hit in the market place.
Raju decided to throw a party in the night to show his appreciation of the efforts of the top management team and all appreciated this gesture on his part.
However in the euphoria a parting shot from the Board of directors was to watch out for competition and poaching of their people.
In this context KB decided to talk in earnest to Raju and impress on giving stock options and performance bonus to key performers in the organization and Raju readily agreed.
Raju was on a different trip in life and he was quite sure that the IPO was a matter of time if this run rate in sales growth and profitability was to be maintained but as KB had mentioned needed to have the people process in place at a faster clip.
The MNCs had woken up to the impact of Raju’s strategies in the market place and though initially looked at him with skepticism were now giving respect to his warrior like attitude in the market place. They marveled at the way he held his market share for Sparkle without resorting to  a price cut.
How was this happening and why were distributors more loyal to Raju and his team was the question uppermost in the mind of competitors.
KB the strategist was working overtime to ward off the issues which would become  a potential monster for the company and started coaching the various product teams in terms of how to tackle the market place with only one mantra “Please look at expanding your market share and not what the competition can do to you.” The boys loved his method and were also in awe of Ramesh their boss and felt that they had the capability to do it.
While KB analyzed the team what struck him as a major advantage for the organization was that all the boys came from humble background with not much of education but raring to go and make it big in this cruel world where all jostled for space and positioning in the market place. Peer pressure had its own role to play and Ramesh who was also from extremely humble surroundings having grown up in the slums of Mumbai was a role model for the youngsters.
KB decided to rewrite the strategy by asking the boys to raise the prices of the half litre pouches of flavoured mineral water keeping the price of 20 litre bottles the same. 
Advertisements were used judiciously more by way of education and awareness and not through any commercials and word of mouth was used to telling effect.
Seminars were held to touch the importance of having water and how it helped the body and consequently would change your life. 
Simple effective tools of direct marketing were applied and what emerged was a resounding success story of launching the flavoured water in the country.
While this was being done by the sales team successfully in the domestic market Mary was not keeping quiet and had launched a vigorous international campaign of a different order after having a brainstorming with KB and interacting with all her managers.
The route was through the internet and what started off as a small initiative would become a major offensive in years to come for multinationals to sit and take notice of the company. Exports would surge by leaps and bounds and unparallel even in the history of Indian firms.
Raju in the meantime was happy with the way sales was progressing though he had no clue of how this had been achieved in terms of strategy and approach, so long as the money was being made Raju was happy as his end result was an IPO and market cap. Peter was getting rave reviews for his investment as a Private equity from his bosses and he too was eagerly awaiting the IPO, to make the millions which was just for the takings he could see it.
The production facilities were looking insufficient and there seemed to be a need for a new plant to cater to the demand both, local and overseas.
Mary had started enjoying her work to the hilt though her relationship with Raju had deteriorated considerably.Raju was also careful of making fun of her in public as she had started taking off on him in public whenever he slighted her. What galled her was the fact that he was always wanting to put her down in front of people even though she was performing well and interfered down the line diluting her authority more often than not.
KB asked her to be firm and become professional in terms of doing her work looking at new markets and overseas sales and marketing to great heights through the web marketing route.
In the meantime cash flow management was becoming an issue as debtors had suddenly mounted and there seemed to be lack of fiscal discipline in the organization.Shyam had become very busy and was not able to devote fulltime to debtor management so KB decided to take a hard look at it.
Raju was also getting concerned but then he felt this was something which happened to all organizations and KB would set it right as this was certainly not his cup of tea.
Moreover after hearing the good story of resurgent sales and overshooting targets Raju could not take the negative news of receivables under pressure which could result in write offs and erosion in the bottom line.
The Indian owner in Raju could never took the negative part with confidence and his only mode was to sulk and fire people.
Creative accounting had its problems but then with profits on the higher side KB guided Raju to adjust the books to reflect the true state of affairs for the company so that there were going to be no future problems.
Raju really appreciated these valuable inputs and a new set of internal auditors were introduced with the only brief of cleaning the accounts and following prudence in the revenue recognition.Shyam was more or less the CFO and he was glad that these initiatives were being taken as his job was being made easier.
The internal auditors were given a brief by KB and being a bunch of rookies eager to prove themselves had a refreshing candid approach in their methodology which made KB like them.
Raju and KB were not able to meet as often but now the topic was only to have best practices whenever they conversed on the phone and get ready for the IPO.
Raju in the meantime had started moving in the government circles and looked at the government contracts for supplying mineral water be it to the Railways or State road transport agencies with great interest an area which was constantly being referred to by KB as a treasure island.
This would automatically derisk the revenue model and then the revenue streams would be more stable and sales could be predicted with more accuracy for the coming years.
Raju after meeting the ministers concerned decided to put up new factories to cater to the government needs as a fresh green field project.
KB met Raju and their discussions took an entirely different and exciting route with a single question raised by KB “Raju why do we not pursue the inorganic route for growth and launch an IPO with this story in mind.Futher we should zero in on some multinational to buy this unit and that could catapult our company to the top ranks in the FMCG sector and covered in the pink papers as Breaking news. ” 
Raju loved this idea and could not contain his excitement and his next journey had been mapped out. In the mean time Bertha was becoming busy with her assignments fully content with the fact that she had latched on to the right guy and Raju would make it big now, her gut and instincts had never been wrong and yet again when her friends had predicted doomsday to this relationship she had gone ahead and was possibly emerging a winner.
Bertha was becoming an interior designer and people were marveling at her taste and slowly in the celebrity circles she was giving advice on how to do up the interiors of celebrity homes on an informal basis. Soon this would be transformed from a hobby to a business and Bertha would have also arrived in the business firmament purely on her own terms in some time to come.
Raju liked this tough attitude of Bertha and respected her because she did not depend on Raju and was financially independent doing her own compeering and cat walks to make a living and now branching off to interior designing using her contacts to good effect.
Raju was excited and could not sleep that night thinking of the inorganic growth route and being the new take over king in the FMCG sector.
Raju and KB would work on the IPO part short listing merchant bankers and also looking at potential market makers for a successful positioning in the stock exchanges.
The show had just begun and Raju the owner would be the king in the FMCG segment in the coming few years. 
How he yearned for respectability moving on from page 3 as a footnote - being Berthas boyfriend to page 1 as a savvy new age Indian industrialist. This was no pipe dream and Raju would achieve it. So near and at times so far. Sad moments, happy days, frustrating moments and agony and ecstasy had all been a part of Raju’s life and he was here to stay and make a mark for himself.Raju the dreamer was also Raju the realist and making money would be one of his occupations but being a ruthless leader would be his reputation in terms of reaching his goals in the quest for fame and glory.
The organization was growing at  a rapid pace and Sparkle as a brand was seen to be  a winner even in mini metros where it was being distributed through the distributors and dealers.
Flavoured water was also being consumed in rural cities and the sales was increasing steadily bringing an automatic derisking to the revenue model. To be a take over king in the FMCG sector would be a big task and Raju had to gear himself for this activity with a steely resolve and become a savvy dealmaker.
The line guys for the product operations were in place but a vision document with the inorganic route as the road to success needed to be mapped out.
Raju turned to KB for help in this regard and there were some useful thoughts given by KB in this regard.KB felt that strengthening the products & sales team  would be a necessity and getting the tier three managers from the MNCs like Levers and P&G would be a necessity with a couple of seniors from Indian FMCGs.This would ensure a judicious blend of street savvy professionals and budding management graduates not spoilt by the MNC culture to be nimble footed to take the leap forward to the next level and make it an FMCG power house.
For this KB was insistent that Raju should spend time on building the top team and plan a course of action which would spin of separate entities in due course to man different core areas in the FMCG space including product diversification and retail play should the need arise.
Raju was not sure he was equipped for the job of hiring big time senior pros and whether they would be keen to work for him.KB’s instant reaction was have a vision of making  it  a Rs. 4000 crore-a billion dollar company in sales and explaining this strategy to the guys entering the organization and we would have  a success story in place.
Also let the recruitment be through a top firm say a Korn Ferry or an Egon Zhende employing retained search  which will ensure a positive image in the market place and also have a strong PR firm working for positioning the same.
Simultaneously work on strengthening the Board of directors and have people with vision and from different walks of life to ensure stature and visibility for the organization.
More importantly KB added, have milestones to complete these activities and also look at how to raise resources and have the necessary bandwidth to meet investor expectations in the market place.
It will be only a matter of time for you to be featured as the businessman of the year in various magazines be it local or global .Economic Times, Wall Street Journal, Forbes , Newsweek and the Time magazines should then be featuring you as a lead story  and my friend you have then arrived in life. After that if you follow the path carefully through a well laid out strategy then it is accelerated momentum you will gather and automatically the jigsaw puzzle will fall in place and who knows you may well be the FMCG –Czar of the country. 
Raju seemed to be enjoying this discussion and his excitement was growing by leaps and bounds at the very thought of being a business tycoon of this order and magnitude .One thing he was sure of was the fact he would leave no stone unturned to make it happen.
The morning having started on such an exciting note Raju started thinking of making  a few changes in his appearance. First he would try to get fit and loose weight as some of his friend made fun of his weight and looking roly poly was not a good sight.
KB did mention that a healthy respect would emanate from colleagues if he was fit and the individuals mental state also affected the state of the organization.
Raju was convinced of the need to change his diet and decided to seek counseling from Mary.
She was very happy to hear this and felt it was a step in the right direction but his parting shot hurt her sentiments “Mary I also want you to loose weight as you are also on the plumper side.”
Mary felt hurt that Raju was always insensitive to her feelings and had a sneaking suspicion that it was Bertha’s handiwork as she had a stunning figure where she scored hands down on Mary.
Mary had grown to love this organization and though job offers poured in was not inclined to leave this place as she enjoyed freedom of action and had scope to perform better .Somehow she felt Raju knew Mary could not leave this place easily and he could push her and get things done at his will and command.
There was a sense of helplessness in her approach at this point of time and she would think about it at a later stage .For the time being it would suffice to take the international operations to a new high.
Raju was now keen to get his new act in place and there was a spring in his step as the retail play was unfolding in the market place and with the right positioning Raju could get his funding from the market place with ease.
The board meeting was a breeze and Peter was excited with the growth plans outlined by Raju and Dr. Naik also had various R & D initiatives which made enough sense. Further Peter had an interesting take on having R & D as a separate entity with Dr. Naik heading it and having separate funding for contract research and taking R& D to new heights with adequate funding and aiming at contract research as a big game having price and time arbitrage as the opportunity moving forward.
The Board seconded this wonderful decision and Dr Naik felt happy about this new exciting phase in his life. He was getting what he had dreamt of and now he could employ top notch guys from IIT and UDCT with  PhDs under their belt and take the research forward to unprecedented levels in the country.Dr Naik would make it the best research lab in the nation on the lines of Bell labs in the US of A.
Further Raju also had made a presentation on the inorganic route for growth where small local players operating as Small scale Units could be taken into  the fold and become part of the manufacturing pipeline to be laid in the country. The idea would be to have  savvy entrepreneur with a hunger for growth but lacking the necessary financial strength to fight the battle in the market place.Raju emphasized on the need to take advantage of the fragmented nature of the mineral water industry and through M & A do a consolidation which would help the business grow bigger and reach the top line in quicker time. More so with this R & D initiative this channel would be available for production and distribution as the small players would have a set up which though small would add to the existing infrastructure of the company.
However the only caution that was added by the Board of directors was to ensure that quality is not a victim in this growth led initiative and Raju readily agreed that quality assurance has to be there right at the top in these activities.
This would need funding and the best method would be to go for an IPO placement and the Board gave the consent to raise up to Rs. 100 Million dollars through an IPO. Given the buoyant performance of the company Peter was quite thrilled as it afforded his fund an exit option and more importantly he could be reaping  windfall from this investment earlier than anticipated. Things could not have come at a more  better time than this in his career so far and he intended being the ambassador for Raju in his new fund raising activity and road shows. 
Raju and KB decided that there would be a need to summarise the outcome of the board meeting and then have a roll out plan for the new activities to take shape.
Time for Raju to take stock and have the investment bankers short listed for the IPO and this would be a momentous day in the history of the organization when the company would be listed. Unlocking of wealth would no longer be a pipe dream but a reality and Raju would make it happen.
The private equity funding was done by Raju as novice in the capital markets and he needed  Bertha’s help to keep the investment bankers in good humour at that time. However things had changed dramatically and now he would be able to call the shots in his own right.
KB added that ESOPs should now be introduced to ensure that employees benefited and Raju readily agreed to keep 10% aside for the company people including the Board of directors.
The connectivity and networking of the past where Raju had thrown lot of brunches and dinners at the snazziest celebrity restaurants and five stars would now pay off. Some of his investment banker friends were already queuing up to extend a helping hand in this activity.
Raju in the meantime had cultivated quite a few investment banking friends and they were quite clear that one should look at the IPO for a smaller quantum and then do a GDR at a higher price at a later date .Raju was inclined to take this route and decided to raise in the region of  40 to 50 million dollars through the IPO route.
The story had to be a compelling one to raise it at a high price and here Raju would utilize KB’s knowledge of the market place to raise money.
Raju has his good friend Chris in Goldman Sachs who apart from being a page 3 fixture and a compulsive flirt was also a dear friend and wanted to help Raju in his exercise. His advice was to use one of the local investment bankers who understood the pulse of the investing public and also did portfolio management to do his IPO .This Chris explained would make sense as the big boys may just make a hash of the public issue and that too not for  a known name  like the Tatas or the Ambanis.
Raju discussed it with other friends in the investment banking community and they felt the same saying that “Raju get your listing and then involve the big boys. You will have fun encountering them then from a position of strength.”
KB and Raju met quite a few local investment bankers and decided on Brisk Advisors as they were related to a large group and could use their connectivity with great intent and purpose should the need arise.
Raju also liked Madhu who headed this company and was a street smart person who could later help him in market making as the need arose.Madhu also felt that the funds raised should be of a lower amount having a good valuation and then do a market making to have the stock on the radar thereby fuelling expectations of a GDR at  a later stage.
This he added needs to be backed by a strong PR activity and numbers have to look  really good to pass muster with the investing public.
In the meantime the current year figures need to be sufficiently jazzed up and have it audited quickly to attach authenticity attached to it.KB immediately asked “Madhu but then we have just got out of this accounting mess after buying profits to get the PE guys in and fortunately we could write  off debtors without affecting profitability and clean the accounts .This will put us at greater risk and the regulatory authorities could kill us.”
Madhu with a poker face replied “You cannot be an angel to enter the stock market and with the numbers you are talking about forget a great pricing as the PE for this sector is low and you being  a new entrant will be rogered with weak profits and great projections. You may as well forget going for a public issue only to spoil the name.”
Raju was getting a feel of this conversation but it did rattle him that yet another exercise in creative accounting bordering on fraud had to be carried out. Would KB be with him and what about Shaym having to testify as  a CFO that the accounts are true and fair.
After the meeting which ended on a somber note with Madhu asking them to get back on how to go about preparing the Red herring prospectus to be filed with SEBI, Raju asked KB “boss are you ok with this approach?” KB immediately replied “Raju to do it once more on a bigger scale is a nightmarish affair and further remember you have to don on the mantle of CEO of the company and certify the accounts to be true and please think of the consequences if we are caught as we face jail terms for misleading the investing public.”
Raju nodded his head in agreement but then asked KB what is the way out and how do we go about it.KB agreed that we are caught between a rock and a hard place and both having serious consequences of differing magnitude and implications.
Should numbers be bad then the issue will not fly and if numbers are manufactured then regulatory problems surface which could in the present context of increased compliance requirements and investor protection regulations , land all the directors in a soup.
Raju was seized of this problem and wanted KB to mull over it for a suitable strategy as the roadmap ahead for this resource raising exercise.
Suddenly things were looking gloomy and Raju was not sure that the IPO could be pulled off .
Maybe a brainstorming could be had with the top management and Raju could also announce that he would take over as the CEO of the company as this would be necessary for the investor confidence in terms of leading the charge by way of positioning.KB did not think such an announcement was necessary as he was already the Chairman and there was no need to create panic by making this announcement. Small things but then Raju was admiring his friend for looking at the finer details in an effort to reduce uncertainty in the organization.
Raju and KB decided not to take any hasty decisions but to have  a methodical review and ask the top management and also the second line how much of  a stretched target they could take in terms of top line and profitability. This called for an offsite and KB would orchestrate the entire show with the help of the HR team.
Raju was very happy with this simple yet refreshing approach as KB argued that we need not underestimate the potential of our people and maybe they would give interesting ways of achieving the stretched targets.
Towards this Raju and KB would have a presentation from their side in terms of vision and the goals of the organization.
Bertha was of late getting slightly worked up as Raju was getting friendly with a lot of her model friends and when she went for shoots Raju used to go out with them for dinners.
This was not to Bertha’s liking and she made it clear in no uncertain terms that this behaviour would not be tolerated. 
Peter was now going around with a babe whom Raju had introduced and was also interested in her but only strictly for one night stands. Peter traveled a lot and had a suite as his office cum place of stay in Hyatt  and often asked her to come there and stay with him whenever in town.
Raju did not have this luxury though he would have loved to move with these hot babes who were not averse to casual sex and also did it for fun provided they were showered with expensive gifts.
Peter had already bought expensive diamond jewellery for his current girlfriend and by the day he was narrating his exploits with other women while having a steady girl friend in India.
When Bertha was in town with no shootings for movies then Raju would not be in a complaining mode but otherwise he had a glad eye for beautiful women.
Mary was no longer on the social circuit. But when in office he would once in a while show concern for her . Mary was still not married but she knew that Raju had other desires and she was not the partying type.
Her professional career had taken off and with international sales doing well she was well on her way to being  a top notch sales Professional and possibly could become one of the most influential women and corporate leaders in years to come.KB did egg her in this direction and she took this assignment with great seriousness and a sense of purpose.
In the meantime Ramesh had already made rapid strides and was aiming at the top slot in the marketing and sales department cruising as far as budget numbers were concerned He had set up a good second line team in place in the critical geographies in the country and was aiming high with his lieutenants in place.
Raju discussed with KB and decided to make Ramesh the Vice President for domestic sales and Mary became the General Manager for international operations.Dr.Naik was informed of the decision and he did not mind it one bit as his excitement was R& D and would be content running that entity in the twilight of his career.
Well the organization structure was in place and now KB and Raju could decide on the offsite deliberations as part of the strategy to take the giant leap in terms of the IPO and inorganic growth route to achieve the market cap and make it an exciting company.
Shyam after seeing the plans for the company had decided to become the CFO of the company and Raju welcomed it wholeheartedly. Here was a top team getting into place and with the second levels also in place the company was well geared in terms of the people process. The HR department was still slightly weak in terms of training and development having used consultants to man this place in the past with little success.
Raju decided to have a full-fledged HR department to ensure that the people development part was not missed out. A suitable candidate seemed to be Prasad with the right credentials having worked in FMCGs in the past for over a decade and was also energetic and looking for a change.
Raju had him interviewed by KB and after getting his consent recruited him in the firm.
The stage was now set to initiate the big bang in terms of getting numbers from the team and go for the kill as far as the IPO was concerned.
Raju decided to also hire a good set of internal auditors to have the checks and balances in place and promoted Kumar the Project Manager under Dr. Naik as the General Manager Production .
Compliance process continued to be a mockery in the country and Raju knew that even here Shyam was always finding ways and means to evade taxes but had not given much thought to it while filing the returns.
Now the specter of assessments loomed large and there was a fear that additional demands from the income tax department may cause further concern if it were to come at the time of the IPO.
Raju asked Shyam to do spring cleaning but at the same time maintained with internal auditors that corporate governance was a top priority in his scheme of things and one could not find a better company than his for compliance and governance. Lies and damn lies seemed to be the order of the day and Raju could say this with a straight face and with a lot of conviction. The irony was not lost on KB as he was always amused the concern with which these issues were discussed and just the opposite was done .Small things like personal expenses including shopping for the family and personal travel and telephone charges were shown as official business expenditure by Raju and deduction sought and allowed as expenditure.
However the way it was communicated to Shyam as the CFO was please be strict with me as you are the custodian of compliance and the watch dog of the company.
Raju played to the gallery with ease and also in his conversation mentioned that the CFO was a tough cookie and would not allow Raju to pass any vouchers.
KB wondered when this mind set of Raju would change as all others were true blue blooded professionals. Save for Raju who had this feeling that he was the owner and could play with the company as though it was a mom and pop shop.
Even after the PE guys had come not much had changed and if any questions were asked in the board meeting by Peter it was beautifully deflected by Raju .Further any inconvenient questions would be passed on to Shyam and the loyalist in him always defended Raju to the hilt.
KB had mentioned to Raju to revamp the board and to his credit Raju did get expatriates as board members .One was in the food business and Nancy after serving the majors in the US like Wal-Mart and Carrefour now had her own marketing consulting firm and fitted the firm to the tee. Michael was from the financial sector having in the past been with Merrill Lynch and came with excellent credentials.
KB was really happy the way in which Raju could rope in new people luring them with stocks and also giving them the story of the impending listing on the bourses.
More importantly things had fallen in place as far  as the structure was concerned and he now wanted to have regular board meetings in an organised manner.
Raju was not sure that he could manage all the board members as these were a  bunch of professionals and in the past he had only KB and Bertha for company in the board till Peter came along. Now things would be radically different as no longer would paper board meetings be valid once the company got listed. More so with these heavy weights in place he was not sure whether he had taken the right decision or was it in haste. Only time would tell whether he had done the right thing.Raju as a owner had been selective in taking inputs from KB about his own equity stake and also his emoluments in terms of the method of having his stake in place.
Now it dawned on him that with his stake pared down to 70% and still going down after the proposed listing of a minimum of 25% he would be down to 45%.This was causing concern in his mind. His stake would come down further  after the proposed ESOPs were in place.
God would he be left with anything to make a killing at a  later stage. Soon Raju’s mind had diverted to his personal well being and temporarily lost sight of the larger picture for the company.
He called Shyam his confidante and asked him “Are you sure we are doing the right thing going public and what about ESOPs? Do the employees deserve ESOPs?”
Shyam knew that his boss was hardly the generous kind having seen him for ages and decided that the best thing would be to make KB answer this question as he could be clinical and rip Raju apart if need be.
Politely he answered that “Boss it would be great positioning but KB would be the best person to give a complete picture in this regard.”
Raju was slightly scared of KB’s sharp tongue and was not sure whether to address it to him or seek the answer through Shyam.It struck him as a good ploy to have Shyam seek KB’s views and asked him to do so in the fond hope that KB would not see through the game.
KB being the shrewd tactician burst out laughing when Shyam asked him whether it was good to list and told him that this would have come from Raju.Shyam grinned sheepishly and this was an affirmation to KB’s guesswork.KB clearly mentioned that Raju needs to look at wealth creation and should not be selfish to make wealth for himself but also allow others to participate in the wealth creation exercise if we are to survive in the long run. Let Raju be content with a smaller share having a larger value rather than with  a larger share having a smaller value.
KB felt that although times had changed and wealth creation was not a bad word in the country the owners still felt that it was only their right to make wealth while other employees struggled to do so.
Also Raju as a owner had this feeling that employees were being paid good salaries and that itself was a big thing and they should not ask for more. But then the Indian economy was growing and there were too many jobs with too little trained and experienced people.
This demand supply gap was making wages reach catastrophic heights and Raju felt that the employees were a greedy lot.
More so when today’s employees did not look at loyalty and jumped ship if the salaries were being raised by competitors.
While Mary and Ramesh had been loyal the same could not be said for the middle management and Raju was acutely aware of this issue as the attrition rates at 30% were really high in the organization.
Suddenly everything looked bleak once Raju had decided to go for the IPO. It was the case of how one viewed it as the glass could be half empty or half full and still with an opportunity to redeem provided one willed to do so.
Things needed to be sorted out quickly and this called for decision making and Raju decided to have  a one on one with KB and take these decisions in the coming week.
Raju decided that it was time to end it here as his head was reeling thinking about all these issues and decided to go out for the weekend with his friends to chill out in Goa.
Goa had always been  a favourite destination for Raju whenever he was in a sad mood and this weekend was no exception.
Raju decided to risk it going alone to Goa without Bertha which was fraught with danger but then he enjoyed taking such risks. He asked KB whether they could go to Goa and party together and KB declined the offer.
Goa for Raju and Peter was heaven and at Bagga beach it was thrilling to be there in the night and Raju was looking forward to it. Let the worries of business be the part of Monday morning blues .In the flight Raju had a good conversation with the air hostess who started flirting with him and Raju enjoyed every bit of it. Peter waged a bet with Raju that the air hostess would not give her cell number and Raju fell for the bait and took the challenge head on. The deal was Raju should ensure that this babe would come to Goa and spend time with Raju and Peter would take the total bill for this trip.
Raju took this offer in a gamely manner and went about wooing the air hostess who was all charm personified and ultimately did give the telephone number but expressed her inability to stay in Goa as she was returning the same day.
Raju though had the consolation of having her cell number and Peter had a nice laugh.
In Goa they went to Anjuna Beach in the night and Peter was drinking heavily .There was some party going on with people chanting “hare ram ,hare ram” and Peter joined the party first and then Raju followed him. People were on  a high and there were a lot of German and French tourists who were totally immersed in the music and also in  a state of trance as they were snorting substance and also drinking to their hearts content.
Raju saw one very beautiful lady who was dancing all by herself and joined her with a drink. She smiled at him and Raju smiled back and slowly they started dancing to the beat of music. She was smoking and the smoke curls were being directed at Raju who was becoming  a passive inhaler. Slowly  he got drawn to it and started taking puffs intermittently and each time he had a drag the girls burst into laughter possibly at his timidity or sense of innocence.
Peter infact was having  a whale of  a time and with a group of people whom he seemed to be very familiar with , was enjoying the lovely music and swaying to the beat.
Raju somehow could not take his eyes off the girl and she too seemed to be fascinated by Raju’s behaviour.Slowly he started getting closer to her and they started hugging each other and swaying together to the music.Raju was on a high but his head was reeling as he was not used to coke, and smoking grass was a new experience which was sending his head into  a tailspin.
But the lady was well in control and seemed to take care of Raju .Slowly Raju started caressing her and feeling her body and she seemed to enjoy it every bit and before he could say anything she had ripped opened his shirt and was biting him all over the body.This was  new to Raju and suddenly he got frightened by the entire turn of events and she became vociferous and demanded to remove his trousers violently by just ripping apart the fly.Raju had not bargained for this part of the wild excitement and was now prepared to depart having had enough of this ugly spectacle or so he thought.
Before he could say  a word she had delivered a tight slap and it had a powerful impact and Raju was numbed with fear. She urged Raju to undress her and Raju was transfixed, not able to move and enjoy the occasion. Here was a lady who was getting wild with excitement by the minute and Raju had not bargained for this when he had come to Goa.
As Raju was slowly trying to pull himself out another lady joined and both of them now were pinning Raju to the ground and all over him taking turns in feeling his entire body .
Raju trembled with fear and his first concern was of unprotected sex and the thought of contracting aids frightened him .But now he was in no mood to think and was having a myriad of images passing in his mind with sharp pain piercing his body and bear the groin while each one was taking turns doing  a blow job.
Raju was being forced to lick their lips in turns and they were pretty violent in their act and getting a high as they were squealing with joy.Raju had passed out and was not aware of what was happening.
When he woke up the first thing that shook him was that it was early morning and all the people were sizzled and fast asleep. He was totally naked with red marks and blood on his body and Raju could not believe his eyes that parties could be so violent and yet a pleasure for people.
He was not cut out for this activity and vowed never to get into bed with strangers ever again.Raju got up a pain all over his body and slowly proceeded to the hotel which was close to the beach and being early morning nobody noticed him although he could not get half his clothes and was bare bodied and virtually naked.
Raju decided not to wait for Peter and advanced his departure the very same day and after a shower reached the airport for his journey back home. It was a one night stand, the only difference being that women had raped him-unheard of in the Indian context and he was literally running for cover never to be adventurous in this fashion ever again. This partying would haunt him in years to come as the very thought of it made his head spin.Raju the owner was worried of his image and was not sure that he had not contracted aids as he did feel that there was unprotected sex with both the women but could not recollect whether they had used condoms.
Raju came back to Mumbai and was greeted by Bertha and one look gave away the story.
“Did you go to Goa for a rave party?” asked Bertha and Raju just mumbled in the affirmative. Surprisingly Bertha was quiet and asked him to have a hot water bath while she fixed some lunch for him.Raju was grateful to the kindness shown but when he saw the mirror he was aghast as there were scratches all over his face and small blood clots .No wonder Bertha showed some pity on him and Raju felt ashamed of his stupidity.
Monday was a new day and as promised KB came back with a plan of action to have the IPO carried out to perfection.
The off site would be held in the coming week with the top team and the agenda was simple. What would be the stretched target that the team would reach without fail for the coming year and what were the incentives sought.Raju also added that we could ask them the constraints they faced and what was expected of the owner in this direction.KB always found Raju to be a quick learner and saw that Raju was willing to enter into  a dialogue with his team for the first time even if it was to further his own interests.
 Raju had bruises all over his face and KB knew that this was the after effect of the partying in Goa but refrained from asking anything and Raju was grateful to his friend for this understanding.
KB also mentioned that giving stock options at par to the employees would be a good idea and also it would be milestone based.Raju immediately added that there should be Stock options for the board of directors and personally for KB he would ensure that a nice chunk was awarded for his outstanding contribution which would be recognised by the board.
KB felt very happy with this gesture and although it had come after a decade it was well worth it as owners generally were lavish in their praise but not in money matters.KB had reconciled himself to this fact of life and whatever came his way was an extra bonus.
The offsite was held in a beach resort near Mumbai and KB kick started the session  by talking of the agenda and what was expected of them.
Raju then followed by seconding all that KB had said and adding that people would genuinely be valued in the organization henceforth and that he was wedded to this concept of making it an employee friendly organization.
The basic agenda was to take the turnover to Rs. 500 cr in the coming year and PAT of Rs. 50 cr. and whether we would be able to do it. Currently the sales was hovering around Rs. 300 cr. and this would be a quantum jump of 66% in top line growth and  100% growth in bottom line from the current Rs. 25 cr. to Rs. 50 cr.
There was a collective gasp from everybody in the room and Ramesh was the first to react “boss this is impossible!” Shyam and Mary followed him in nodding their head though did not have the guts to say so in as many words .Dr Naik,Kumar and Prasad were numbed into inaction and were taking time to react.
Raju knew that this was a stretched figure and should these numbers be reached the market cap would be not less than Rs. 500 cr. to begin with being a one time sales multiple.Raju with a 45% stake would still be worth Rs. 225 cr. and this was not a bad beginning. Now Raju was seeing the game and where KB came from and he was excited by this whole exercise .Raju was having a whole new experience and here was KB at his very best having taken over from Raju and slowly but certainly selling a concept and bringing a mindset change in the employees who were actually the internal clients to whom KB was doing a soft selling .
KB explained in great deal what was wealth unlocking and wanted all of them to think as professional entrepreneurs and look at ways and means of achieving this stretched target.KB readily acknowledged that none of this had ever been attempted or been attained in the past and might look like a daunting task to start with.
However there were three things to be considered one being the product mix, the other being the geography and third being the penetration by way of market share.
All of us need to think of how to exploit these parameters and reach our goals.
“Ladies and gentlemen we will take a tea break and assemble again for a brainstorming where all of us will own the targets jointly” so saying KB ended the first session with  a flourish.
It was after  a long time that Bertha and Mary were together .Bertha by virtue of being  a director had joined in the off site as she was having no work to do and Raju thought that it would be a good idea to show her what was his wealth creation abilities.
Mary was seeing changes in Raju which had more to do with confidence and being in control of himself and now he was no longer succumbing to Bertha’s demands or tantrums.
Mary was happy since Bertha was being shown her place but was acutely aware that this was Raju’s character and he would dump the existing relationship if a new one was around the corner.
This distraction was not doing her any good as suddenly Raju turned around and said “Mary what do you think of the thoughts Ramesh and Dr.Naik have put forward?”
Mary was totally lost and she had to state that her mind had not grasped the full picture.
Raju barely controlled his temper and added politely “How do you see reaching the goal for the company?”
Mary was surprisingly clear of her area of exports in spite of externally presenting a distracted approach to the proceedings and stated , “Boss we can have the exports taken to Rs. 100 cr. from the current level of Rs. 50 cr. with a corresponding increase in the bottom line.”
Raju and KB were always sure that once Mary gave numbers she meant every bit of it and would have the strategy of how it would be reached.
There was all round genuine appreciation for Mary’s thoughts as she was high on credibility in terms of being an able performer in the organization.
The underlying assumptions were displayed with keen professionalism by Mary and also the geographies that would be reached were explained in great detail.
The strategy was simple as Mary would take the Gulf and the Asian markets to begin with and then expand in the European markets in addition to the existing US and UK markets.
Pakistan,Bangladesh,Srilanka and the Gulf markets would be the target areas for exports and Raju was extremely pleased with this presentation.
What a revelation this off site had been of the mental toughness Mary displayed in terms of being an achiever .KB was very proud of the display and did say so to Mary after the presentation.
When Raju tried to meekly congratulate her there was a  snub from every one and particularly for Bertha to see and Mary said “I do not have to be told what to do and do not come here to make an appearance for special effects .Further my talks are never exaggerated and Raju this is for you to note in particular”, the sting in her voice was not lost on  Raju and he just nodded his head and moved on.
Ramesh was his effervescent best and did say that to take the sales from the current Rs. 200 Cr.to Rs. 400 Cr. would be next to impossible and he could attempt Rs. 300 Cr. which itself would be a stretched target and involve reduction in price. In short the company would have to play the volume game.
Raju was not very happy with this proposition and without much coherence in his thoughts kept saying we need to reach this magic figure and you guys have to do it.
Ramesh lost his cool and said “Boss you are the owner and please show us the way to do it and not what you did twenty years ago. You please guide us and give a game plan instead of just putting pressure on us.”
Mary immediately added “Mind your language and please do not treat us like your slaves as we know our market value and do not have to work for you forever.”
Raju had not bargained for this onslaught and he looked around helplessly and KB intervened and said “we shall go by what you guys have given and the rest will have to be strategised by us.”
Dr. Naik always felt that KB had a way of diffusing tension at the right time and for the first time added “I feel R&D can have new products in place through the new company and we can have business from flavoured waters also forming part of the product mix and I shall along with my team give innovative new products which may possibly bridge the gap.”
KB gave the closing speech and conveyed how happy he was with the all round participation and confident that this team would take the company to new heights.
On his way back KB did convey to Raju that the meeting was better than anticipated and he felt there would be only  a minor shortfall in the targets if any.
Raju added “KB this offsite has been a revelation and the youngsters have come of age .I am truly surprised at the power of team work and discussions. Although they rapped me on the knuckles I deserved it and shall be more careful in the future.”
KB just added softly “Raju we are ready for the IPO and let us take a crack at it. ”
This was going to be the big test for Raju as to pull of an IPO even in a bull market would not be an easy task. 
For a market cap of Rs. 500 Cr. the share had to be priced at  a minimum price of Rs. 500 and Raju decided to first talk of a price band of Rs. 525 to Rs. 550 per share to potential investment bankers.
The red herring prospectus had to be prepared and Shyam with Babu’s assistance would get the draft ready with inputs from the line heads.
In the mean time Raju and KB would evaluate the investment bankers and fianlise the most suitable person for this activity.
Raju was very excited and was looking forward to having this wealth creation in place in quick time and prove to the world that he had arrived in life.
Towards this if numbers had to be exaggerated and creative accounting resorted to, Raju would not hesitate to do so.Corporate governance would take care of it once the money was in the kitty.
One could buy anything including ethics was Raju’s motto and this was typically the owner in him speaking .
But one thing was for sure that you need to speak of ethical practices and best practices all the time irrespective of what you implemented in reality to achieve your goal of becoming rich.
Raju had mentally decided to reach this goal whatever it may take and nobody could stop him now.
KB knew that Raju had gone into overdrive and his only excitement was the IPO which would categorise him in the Rich and Famous.
It was here that once in a while KB felt that knowledge capital was not recognized as much because the entrepreneur who takes risks walks away with the glory and you are left as a footnote in the whole story.
Raju would be famous and KB would continue to recreate this story with other entrepreneurs.KB felt a trifle hurt but then he was quick to recognize that he did not possess Raju’s daredevilry or risk taking ability .He could tag along but would never be the prime mover in a venture and so his rewards would be restricted .KB had to live with it or change himself and he was not sure that he had it in him to do a better job as an entrepreneur.
Raju and KB had started seeing the prospective investment bankers for  the IPO and all were excited by the company and the potential it had to be a winner in the bourses.
After seeing a lot of investment bankers Raju and KB jointly decided that it needed to be a street smart merchant banker who had abilities for market making thereby driving market capitalistaion to dizzying heights.
Raju was very clear that a market operator needed to be involved in the scrip play without attracting legal hurdles within the realm of laws and being legal in every aspect of the same.
KB was practical and agreed that this could be done and they zeroed in on a powerful local investment banker  HM Financials  which would help them position the company to greater heights.
The promoters of HM Financials had been with the likes of Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan and knew the tricks of the trade and also understood the local conditions very well. They had a loyal set of investors who would subscribe to the issue merely on their word without questioning them on the merits of issue. This suited them well as the IPO could be resold and as they had taken a chunk at a lower price. HM would be in the money even before the issue was listed in terms of market price and their cost of acquisition.
HM in addition to the fees also had an informal play in the grey market and would make a whopping amount in this entire deal. Grey market transactions were illegal transactions where trading was done only on word of mouth and buying and selling would take place without any hesitation .The difference would be settled in cash and this was the black economy which could never be controlled but ran as a parallel economy in the country.
While these negotiations and understanding of the capital markets was giving a new high to Raju every day he was numbed into inaction momentarily when Shyam showed him an order where the Income tax department had slapped an additional demand of Rs. 10 Cr. on the previous year’s returns not allowing certain amounts as deductions.
Further to compound matters another order had been passed for under invoicing by customs in the current year and that had also been received by his office. 
This was hard to digest and the press covered these points in great detail thereby causing negative reactions in the market place.
HM, the merchant banker was getting slightly annoyed and their head Vijay called up and said “Raju for gods sake let us know the bad news first and please do not deliver unpleasant surprises to us.” 
Raju was finding the going tough and did not know how to handle it. A week ago things seemed to be perfectly fine and here it was crumbling in front of him like a pack of cards.
The sane voice of KB came to his room when he said “Raju we need to know how to take the rough with the smooth and let us sit down with a cool head and analyze the impact of these demands from the authorities.”
Raju immediately started saying “KB our valuation will suffer and how do we go ahead with it.”
KB very coolly responded “Raju let us set our house in order .First thing first let us have a PR agency in place to set the house in order and do damage control as way to resolve this negative publicity.”
Raju and KB sat with Shyam and Babu to visualize the impact of this on the earnings after tax as it existed before these demands arose.
As the accounts had not been finalized these were post balance sheet events affecting the accounts as at close of the financial year .The Auditors and the PE guys were crying hoarse  and Peter gave vent to his feelings in no uncertain terms saying “Raju we had invested in the company and assumed that best practices prevailed and further should there be bad news we would be the first to know. It is awful to hear about a company in which I am a Director form the papers and the media. I am extremely disappointed. ” Raju just said softly, “Peter I understand and appreciate your sentiments .I goofed up and I am sorry. ”
There was not much of  a conversation with the auditors and the audit partner had descended on the company and was clearly wanting to go through the accounts once again.
Raju lost his cool and shouted back saying, “You are paid to do the work and be off with it.” Unfortunately this was not the right thing to state and the partner shot back “Sir we want to withdraw from the audit and give  a disclaimer.” Raju being an owner and a novice in this regard in a continued state of frenzy just added “please go ahead and do what suits you. We can get auditors by the dozen.” Listening to this unwarranted tirade the audit partner just stormed off the office with his team in tow cursing the company and vowing never to return and do the audit again.
Raju did not understand the importance of this statement and when Shyam tried to tell him softly that this was a serious issue and our IPO could be in jeopardy Raju just ticked him off.
Shyam went and conveyed to Mary and Ramesh  the whole episode and Mary was not inclined to reach out to Raju when he was in such a bad mood.Ramesh was slowly coming of age and having attained seniority in terms of performance had a lot of pride to allow the company to have a reputation loss. He went to Raju’s cabin and without waiting for permission told him “Boss you are making blunders and keep off or else your company will go down the tube .Leave it to me and with KB’s guidance I shall sort it out.”
Raju was seeing  a new Ramesh and he did not have even time to reply as Ramesh had already walked out of the room after stating the obvious.Ramesh went into damage control mode and only still 33 years of age and young had none the less  a mature head on his shoulders.
Ramesh conferred with KB and it was decided that both would talk to the audit partner apologizing and asking for a solution and also make Raju apologise to the auditors for his ill conceived remarks.
The auditor started acting tough and Ramesh pacified him and so did KB after which Raju was asked to go and see him in the auditors office which he did much to his dislike.
Raju the owner was not used to this type of treatment and he was forced to virtually beg the partner to recommence the audit and all cooperation would be extended in this regard.
In the meantime the paper reports had created a scare and the merchant bankers were clear that the investors may look at the future projections with suspicion as the current numbers would undergo a change as the profits would be badly hit and the track record questionable.
Raju was getting nervous with the entire episode and one false move and not being careful on the compliance angle had almost landed him in a soup.
The inorganic growth route seemed to be a distant dream and his worry  was in effecting damage control.
KB in the meantime was asking people in the financial community of the repercussions this could have on the IPO and they were clear that the issue needed to be postponed in order to have the ill effects of this episode die down.
KB felt that it was sensible to play it safe rather than be foolish though Raju was not sure it was the right thing to do.
He felt that the owner in him was loosing steam and he would not be a big industrialist in quick time without the listing of the stock on the bourses as that would provide the much needed liquidity to the entire activity.
Raju still did not understand the need to play it cautiously as other industrialist friends had gotten away with blue murder in terms of falsification of accounts and yet their issues sailed through.
Why was he being victimized by his own people.Raju failed to understand the logic and left it at that feeling very low and wanting to literally run for cover.
Evening had set in and his head was reeling under pressure and he decided to go for a night out. He remembered Govind his former trusted man Friday ,now  a don in his own right and telephoned him on his number .The person on the other side happened to be not Govind bud one of his henchmen and he conveyed the new number but to call his boss later  after an hour as he could not be disturbed now.
Raju had not kept in touch and now he wondered how Govind would react when he saw him. There was even a fleeting suspicion in his mind that Govind would not return his call and Raju was scared of this happening. After all he was calling Govind only when depressed or in trouble and was sure that Govind was no rookie and understood this quite fast.
Raju waited and called him after an hour and Govind promptly answered asking him in polite sarcasm what made Raju remember him. He added “I saw some writings in the papers on your company and please do not worry if you want to fix these officials  I shall do it. Do come over this evening to my club as there is a special evening with lovely babes and you can party.”
Raju never ceased to be amazed by Govind’s actions and felt that he had moved further up the ladder and now was convinced that Govind was raking in the moola.
The evening at  Zam-the night club turned out to be  a shocker as the who’s who had turned up for the evening be it the politicians or the glitterati or the corporate head honchos.
As the evening unfolded what he saw further confused him. Swaying to the music in itsy bitsy dresses and in an extremely sensual manner was his girlfriend Bertha and she was doing virtually a strip tease show.
Raju had not bargained for this and when he could muster strength after a few drinks asked Govind who she was and pat came the reply ,”She is a showstopper in parties and available to all for a price but really fun loving and good at heart.” Raju had a feeling that Govind had entered trafficking in women in  a big way and this was in addition to the drug racket he had started earlier-well this was Govind’s way of diversification and derisking his revenue model and Raju was quite impressed with his savvy ness as the owner of an enterprise even though illegal but then Govind –The Don was running an organization.
Bertha was Nora in the evening and Govind knew her in her new avatar only and Raju was sure that Govind was not aware of his relationship with Bertha.
Raju was in two minds whether to meet her or not and Govind interjected saying “I shall introduce you to Nora and Raju you could have fun with her. ” So saying with all innocence Govind moved on to meet other friends and crack a few vulgar jokes in the process resulting in a laugh from other guests.
Raju was now raging mad and wanted to ask Bertha if this was her way of repaying the debt to him for having extricated her from a personal crisis .Further why had she lied she was going for shootings for a new untitled film when her activities were of the dirty kind.
He was not sure that this would be the right approach as he had the lurking fear that he would loose her in the process and she would walk away from his life.
Even now though he was angry his feelings for her had not diminished and on the contrary he felt a trifle insecure, was he not measuring up to her expectations and consequently she was looking out.
Before Govind could introduce her to him, Raju made a quiet exit and hit the bottle after reaching home. He had not bargained for all things to come crashing down be it his personal  or professional life.
The next thing he knew, it was morning time and was greeted by the hospital ceiling when he opened his eyes and under drips. Sitting there quietly with eyes closed was Mary and he quite did not understand what had happened. Mary involuntarily opened her eyes and just smiled at him reassuring him that all would be fine.
She was always by his side whenever he was down and to this day had sought nothing in return but silently faced the rebukes and insults –a silent sufferer in the process displaying an act of unrequited love.
Raju was caring towards her and whether he loved her was a question mark in his mind but at the same time could not do without her presence in the office.Raju the owner had double standards and he did not feel bad about it as he constantly questioned her whether she had found a boy friend and would she ever find one and would have a  hearty laugh.
When these thoughts flashed in his mind and the tender care she had bestowed on him in times of crisis, he felt really small and did not quiet feel good about what he had done in the past.
Mary knew that Raju was not in a position to talk and a lot of questions remained unanswered to him more so how he had landed in the hospital.
Mary worked on instincts and when Raju did not answer his phone but just mumbled in the night she knew something was amiss and rushed to his house without waiting to think, ringing the bell did not elicit any response. Trusting her immensely Raju had given her a set of keys and she opened the door  although scared at the thought of being an intruder in his private life. What she saw made her feel frightened as  Raju was dead drunk and had passed out on the floor. With the assistance of the building security she took him to the hospital in her car and got him admitted in a private ward. The emergency doctor stated that he had excess of alcohol and could possibly have had a stroke which needed to be checked.
However after the checks were done it was concluded that the liver was damaged on account of alcohol intake on  a regular basis and lack of proper nourishment as he was under weight.Raju was to be under observation and medication for a couple of days and then would be discharged.
The office was suitably informed by Mary on his condition. People were amused that Bertha was not there or to be seen in the vicinity.
Bertha did come the next day evening and after feigning concern and thanking Mary for taking care of Raju pushed off in the evening saying she had  a shoot.Raju though terribly upset with her behaviour could say nothing much as he did not have the energy and was advised not to talk by the doctors.
KB and Ramesh came  and wishing him a speedy recovery departed saying they would take care of the organization crisis.
The auditors started taking a tough stance and the profits were to be restated showing the impact of the raids and the demands raised and it came crumbling down to Rs.15 cr. from the earlier figures of Rs. 25 cr.It was said that based on a fresh compliance evaluation this figure could come down even further.
By the time Raju was discharged after three days the final figures were ready and there was a further hair cut resulting in the profits being lower at Rs. 12 cr.
This according to Raju was disastrous as all along he had been conveying that the company would be posting robust growth and this was nothing short of slaughter.
There was unfortunately a major show down between Raju and the KB with the former telling him that the auditors were not handled well.KB was not used to anybody ticking him off more so in his area of specialization and gave  a piece of his mind to Raju.Raju got rattled with KB’s temper and decided to keep quiet while KB launched a broadside at him in front of his top management team and Raju just had to listen and absorb all that was being said by KB .Though humiliated he felt very sad at the turn of events as KB recounted how no reward had been given to him all this time though he was expected to support Raju in time of crisis.
Finally while all this was happening Mary had not been thanked by Raju and it rankled him that this behaviour of his would upset Mary one day or the other .Taking her for granted was something which Mary did not like and Raju felt he did it more often than not and with unfailing regularity at that .
HM Financial were very unhappy and decided to rework the projections and although the press coverage had been given that the future was good and the tax was being paid under protest the damage had been done to the credibility. It was very clearly being stated in knowledgeable circles that the IPO had to be more attractively priced based on trailing twelve month earnings and multiple instead of the future earnings multiple and Raju could see his wealth eroding substantially in the process.
The question that was being raised was – Do we do the IPO or wait for another suitable time to do the listing.
It was a matter to be deliberated and concluded quickly and saying so the merchant bankers departed.
Raju knew that the ground under him was slipping fast and he was treading on a weak wicket. His biggest worry was not to be sucked by the quick sand under his feet and suddenly he felt that the world was against him.
The reworking by the merchant bankers was nothing short of disaster as the profits were re-stated at Rs. 12 crore and also with  a note attached that the liabilities could not be quantified and the future profits could be affected.
The merchant banker with so much of adverse publicity suggested an issue price band of Rs. 300 to Rs. 325 way below what had been worked out earlier and Raju was inclined to back out of the deal.
KB was clear that listing only provided the ground for further play and they should go ahead with the listing no matter what the consequences were. If this meant that the price band be substantially be lowered so be it and Raju agreed to go ahead without any further argument. He understood that the long term plan was a GDR for inorganic growth and that would need market making and may also border on front running which would provide the window to make money.
He went home not feeling too pleased of the developments and when Bertha was very polite his anger knew no bounds and asked her point blank whether she was sleeping with Govind to which there was a stunned silence.
Bertha did mention that she was looking at a new film  being produced by Govind, he knew that she was seeing him.
Raju still kept his cool as somewhere he had a soft corner and she had stood by him during tough times and his heart longed for her.
Even now she looked sensual and had a perfect figure and Raju could not bear the thought of Bertha leaving him. However there was this concern in him that she would leave him if she became a big star and Raju was hoping this would not happen.
KB called up to say that the grey market was getting active as the red herring prospectus had been filed and people in the stock markets were talking about this issue and the future of this company.
The PR agency was working overtime and giving a good publicity though at times Raju and Ramesh as spokesperson were given conflicting messages to the media.
In a Monday morning meet with the PR guys Raju decided that Ramesh would be the Executive Vice President but would not talk to the media. This took Ramesh by surprise and Mary was hurt as Ramesh had been elevated.
The owners always had this streak of being inconsistent and adhoc in their decision making and basically Raju wanted to ward off the threat of Ramesh and also retain him.
Raju –the owner did not comprehend that Ramesh was only an employee full of 33 years and had  a long way to go so he was no threat.
The merchant bankers got the prospectus approved and with a few modifications and additional disclosures the document was ready for public circulation.
Raju was continuously involved in road shows impressing the institutional investors on the merits of the company.Ramesh ,Mary and Dr. Naik accompanied him but Raju eventually was a scene stealer doing a good job at it. Ramesh was fast picking up the act and now playing an effective secondary role to Raju and at times filling in for his absence. 
The issue was to be done through the book building route and Raju did not waste too much time in meeting the right investors who would form the basis for the future expansion plans of the company. In the meantime Raju had started contacting operators in the grey market to get an unofficial premium on for the issue.
KB at times did feel that Raju was taking of his eye from the business as his time was being spent more in taking care of investors and operators and the day to day operations was more or less with the team.
In the meantime he had identified a CEO from  a multinational who had worked with him during the good times and was suave and powerful in his presentations. Also he was well versed with the mineral water sector as well as the FMCG sector as a whole.
Raju did not hesitate in making up his mind and was on to take Salim Khan in the company.KB after meeting him felt that he had the profile though at  a later date he could compete with Raju for space in the PR exercise to have his profile in place.
Salim coming in did not suit Ramesh one bit as he had aspirations of being the CEO and Raju as the owner made it clear “I am the owner and you are at my beck and call.” This was an intemperate remark by Raju which did not go down well with Ramesh and he had started sulking. 
Mary though upset with Raju’s method was happy as she had a reprieve and did not have to report to Ramesh which was her biggest concern in life. 
Dr. Naik was content in doing R& D and was shifted to the subsidiary as the MD of First Source Research.
Raju was now ready with the prospectus approved and investors ready to put in the money but at a lower rate. 
Raju was not happy with the price that was being offered at Rs. 300 and was wanting to have a grey market frenzy to take the stock price forward.
This was fraught with danger although there were no laws or rules to punish people indulging in grey market business.
Raju asked his good friend James to launch a massive PR exercise saying how good the company was.
The stock Markets were extremely buoyant and the BSE Sensex was crossing new heights with every passing day and so was the NSE index –The NIFTY.
The Indian economy was the second fastest growing in the world and Raju wanted to sell his shares at an attractive rate.
Here Raju decided to embark on the grey market operations in cash to get the unofficial premium high so that the issue price could be high.
Raju did not want the issue price to be lower than Rs. 400 and for that some amount of press coverage was a must.
He needed to speak to some of the operators in Calcutta ,Delhi and Rajkot to get this grey market on. First contact was with  a former big bull Rathodji who was not too keen to do these transactions.
However Raju had shares in physical form and was willing to give as security and also transfer it at a nominal price as a collateral to do these operations.
Rathodji’s eyes lit up as he thought of the good old days of the traditional open outcry system when he was the king of the exchange and electronic trading was not in vogue.
How he wished things had not changed. He continued to be in a time warp and was excited doing this activity as it was based on an informal trading and with no exchange of documents only word being your honour and commitment.
Raju sat with Rathodji and worked out the modus operandi of how the grey market price had to be more than Rs. 400 so that the issue at Rs. 200 would be  a total sell out.
Rathodji after taking  a deep puff-being  a chain smoker full of seventy and with  no ailments was quick to the task of understanding his role.
Reflexes well in place he asked his henchmen to get into the act which would be a financial crime worthy of being pursued by the Special Frauds office but there were no rules governing grey market activities for fresh issues and also for existing listed entities popularly known as “dabba” transactions in the country.
The dabba activities would be activated once the share was listed and till then look at  a price which was above the band of Rs. 300 to Rs. 325 in the prospectus.
Raju was brimming with excitement as the next day an article appeared in the leading dailies that the share price in the grey market for Babco ltd. was quoting at Rs. 350 –a clear premium over the issue price. It also mentioned that this was the only Indian FMCG which would give  a run for money to the multinationals, notably the levers and cokes of the world basically on account of low cost, better quality and strong distribution presence with a variety of products in the mineral water segment.
The impact was instantaneous as the grey market activity was on in a big way and the unofficial price had shot up to Rs. 450. 
Raju had to give some cash to effect these transactions in addition to collateral in demat form to the great market operators to indulge in this trade and he was thrilled with the results.
Rathodji was brimming with confidence and beckoned Raju to meet him as he needed further funds to keep the transaction at Rs. 450 to sustain interest in the scrip.
Further funds were proving to be  a problem more so in cash and Raju asked some of his friends to lend him money including a certain Pathak  who did it without batting an eyelid.
Pathak had made  a fortune selling his forging unit and he loved to do transactions which had risk and rewards which were on the higher side. He loved mangoes and always smiled whenever Raju met him because his gut told him Raju would make it big.
For whatever cash he gave he took shares from Raju at a  discount and news of the grey market price only gladdened his heart.
Rahodji had only one request and it was to get the IPO out quickly .The stock markets were dangerously poised and listing should be at the earliest.
Raju sensed his anxiety and called HM Financials and asked them what stopped us from having the IPO.
After a discussion with the merchant bankers it was decided that the issue would open after a fortnight as the regulators would have cleared the prospectus by then.
Further they wanted the road shows and the corporate campaign to be on so that in a fortnight the build up was good to open the issue.
Bertha in the meantime had already got in the movie world and was now settling down to  a nice equation with Raju.
On her birthday Raju had presented her a Porsche sports car and she was touched with this act of his and found it difficult to believe that Raju could think of such nice expensive gifts for her.
He also made an announcement that they would buy a big five bedroom apartment in downtown and this made Bertha even more happy. 
The socialites would know Bertha and her live-in were now quite rich and would not look down upon her as a girl with no class.
In the meantime she was also having a great time going for shoots and did have torrid affairs with directors, the recent one being with a big time director who could not resist staring at her in the wrong places all the time while shooting.
In the evening over a drink Bertha leveled up and asked him what he wanted for her to be a permanent fixture in his films and his answer was “baby I want to sleep with you.”
Bertha did not bat an eyelid as she was a small town girl and wanted to make it big on her own without any crutches.Raju was just an intermediary in her scheme of things to reach the status of the no.1 actress in the film industry. If that meant sleeping with the enemy so be it and Bertha was prepared to go to any lengths to reach the top.Raju was impressed by the sheer tenacity of Bertha and although he knew that casting couches were happening all the time with Bertha he was surprisingly cool about it as even he was having fun during her absence. So it suited both of them well to take this arrangement forward for mutual benefit and were silent about their respective affairs.
In the meantime Raju started working very hard meeting potential investors and research analysts of broking firms to have favourable reports on the Issue and met with good success in terms of their faith in the company.
Salim the CEO was a hands on guy with complete knowledge of the FMCG sector and particularly the mineral water segment and was an ideal foil to Raju in his meeting with investors.
Raju was also very happy with Salim as his technical knowledge was good and Raju could give the vision while Salim expanded on the detailed operations and revenue model which was derisked in terms of products and geography.
Raju started believing in the power point presentations being made by Salim and now he was understanding the power of communication. 
The PR agency had done a good job of getting the biggies for  a one –on- one interaction and Raju saw that the Merrill Lynches and Goldman Sachs of the world loved the detailed presentations that were being made to them. They did fire searching questions but Salim answered it well and they were also impressed with the team Raju had built up. The road shows were going on smoothly and the date was fast approaching for the IPO.
KB and Raju were reminiscing on the journey so often and did complement each other forming a sort of mutual admiration society for the way things had been strategised and results were slowly unfolding.
They had covered a lot of ground in the last eight years and this was the last mile connectivity that they were working on and would hopefully reach their goal.
They were within striking distance of the goal post .They were waiting for the momentous day when the shares would be listed on the BSE and NSE. 
Raju would have arrived then in life and there was no looking back as far as his position as an industrialist in the country was concerned. 
KB decided to take Raju for one last time to the Udipi hotel where they always had filter coffee and idlis.KB became a bit nostalgic and said “Raju let me take you one last time to this hotel where we started our relationship. I do not think you will ever step here again as society will not permit you to do so.”
Raju was not sure why KB was making such remarks and told him “KB I shall always be indebted to you .May be as an owner I have never been generous in rewarding you for the intellect or the strategy you gave the organization. Call it the owner’s curse because we are not generous hearted at the end of the day. Praise can come from us in copious amounts and I will come with you anywhere for lunch or dinner but loosening the purse strings is not in the owners blood.”
KB was very disappointed with this remark and shepherded his friend in the Udipi hotel possibly for the last time in their relations. Equations had changed irrevocably after having the filter coffee.  KB paid for it and Raju asked him what he wanted to which KB replied “Let us keep the friendship alive and not look at financial dealings as Raju you will not accept what I ask and this will sow in the seeds of disintegration of our friendship.”
Raju had tears in his eyes and only replied with his voice choking,
“You have gone one step ahead in our friendship and I shall always remember this through out my life.”
KB could see the emotion but history could not be rewritten as in a fortnight from now he was certain these words would be forgotten and Raju would be in a new world of his own, far away from reality as he would have joined the gang of the Rich & Famous.
Raju and the merchant bankers along with KB decided to raise Rs.200 crore from the market and it was decided that the issue would be closed at the earliest.
The Board decided to keep the price at Rs. 325 and on the opening day of the issue it was oversubscribed. 
Raju was thrilled with joy and he was excited by the prospect of being a strong midcap player in the market place.
The issue was closed after the three day mandatory period the company had garnered Rs. 1000 crore and it was oversubscribed five times creating a flutter in the market place. 
The grey market price was now at Rs. 500 and Raju was thrilled with the response to the issue.
Pathak again made money and was grinning from ear to ear as he had betted on the right horse.
Rathodji was very excited as he had made money in the grey market and the profit sharing with Raju was in the ratio of 80:20 thereby giving him a good return on funds in the process.
Raju started looking at the listing price and was sure it would open at Rs. 500, his dream price when he had started the whole exercise.
He had proved the skeptics wrong yet again and virtually had been the investment banker for the issue and was the real star of the show.
Once the compliance requirements had been adhered and allotment done as per the prevailing rules, the BSE and NSE was ready to list the shares in demat form for all the investors.
The momentous day arrived and with Bertha looking ravishing at his side Raju rang the bell in the BSE to signal the listing of Babco ltd.
This was to be the beginning of many a resource raising exercise in the future.
The share opened at a price of Rs. 500 and Raju with a 45% holding was worth Rs. 500 cr.Well Raju had arrived big time in life and the story had just begun as now his eyes were set on bigger numbers and looking at the listings overseas to gain a foothold in the international markets.
This had to be achieved by any means fair or foul of that Raju had no doubts and he would now embark on his new journey of inorganic growth through the mergers and acquisitions route to reach the top of the heap.
The local mineral water king had arrived in the market place or so the investors characterized Raju in the market place.
Interviews were there on CNBC,NDTV,ZEE and SONY and all eyes were on Raju the new entrepreneur aiming at the billionaire category in the country.
Raju was featured in the Economic Times and the Times of India and also in business magazines like Business India and Business world.
Bertha was making an entry in the film world by having small character roles in small budget and cross over films and they looked a happy couple.Raju had his space and so did Bertha and it was an arrangement of mutual benefit. His wild partying ways would continue and Bertha would not mind having an affair if that meant furthering her career.
Mary was feeling a little lost but was busy with international operations and it was picking up well.
Salim was proving to be a good boss though not very good at selling, he was excellent in relationship. More importantly Mary was spending more time with Salim learning the art of relationship building and taking new territories in her fold as far as the product reach in terms of geography was concerned.
Ramesh had stopped being aggressive in his domestic sales and was at times playing with Salim and not getting along with him and a rebellious streak had entered into him.
Raju was not sure how to handle the situation at this point of time and more importantly he was now being bogged down by meetings with politicians and other external delegations. This left him with little time to concentrate on organizational matters and he did feel that the company would suffer a little on this account.
Raju asked KB to intensify the mentoring process and he concentrated on looking at acquisitions to fuel the growth of the organization.
KB had spoken of having  a GDR issue to have the funding for the inorganic acquisition and Raju was up to it in this regard.
It needed market makers and also was necessary that there would be interest in the stock in the long term .His interactions with fund houses and brokerage firms had revealed that the price needed to be maintained and this scrip needed to become part of the SENSEX A scrips to have an influence on the investors.
Raju decided to work on this aspect as it involved lobbying to move the scrip to the A category from the current level of B category. 
The stock exchange officials spoke about volume and trading requirements and genuine investor participation and Raju ever the networking man made it clear that he would be up to the task in getting it in the A category.
The CEO of the exchange made it clear that being in the A group would be a better bet for a successful GDR and that would be at least a  six month process.
In the meantime the quarterly results were due and they were in line with the street expectations.
Peter from the PE group was thrilled with his returns but continued as a Director on the board after off loading  a sizeable stake and this had been a multi bagger for his organization.
He had become a true ambassador for the company and was recommending it to other potential investors. In the board meeting there was a discussion to enter other lines in the FMCG business and what emerged was to be in the fruit juices sector and look at acquisitions in this group where the products could be mango based fruit juice or orange based fruit juices or lemon drinks which had  a good brand presence but was not able to expand. Further there were also discussions in the board to be in health drinks and have it explored as this market was waiting to be tapped.
Also having the flavoured mineral water in pouches was another discussion brought in by KB  as part of the product extension  which was to be taken up as part of the expansion program.
The price of the scrip had come down to Rs. 400 after the initial euphoria and although it was quoting at a premium , the issue price was below what had been envisaged by Raju in terms of having  a stable price at around Rs. 500.
Even the volume was only  a couple of thousand shares and any selling pressure would trigger the lower circuit and and could simply erode the market capitalization of the scrip.
Raju was acutely aware and though he needed market operators he was not sure that  Rathodji could do the trick any more .Rathodji was useful in the grey market transactions and now Raju needed a person with a belief in the story and who could hold the price at a higher level even if there was a selling pressure.
The new intermediaries being spoken to talked of being ethical in practices and having good performances all of which Raju assured them .Finally KB and Raju decided to have an intermediary who had connections with big operators who caused price movement virtually at will or so was their fame to claim .These guys in the past had been under a cloud but now operated on different cards and were more sophisticated in their transactions.
The investment bankers were Inertia Capital who did a lot of mid cap stories and were close to quite a few bulls in the stock market. 
Sanjay who was one of the brothers was quite wary and skeptical of Raju’s tall claims of making it big and reaching the Rs. 1000 cr. sales turnover but did give in and agreed to introduce Raju and KB to market makers to facilitate the GDR issue.
However the big bull here was Suraj who had  a reputation of moving the markets once he was convinced with the story.
A man of few words, very seldom did he speak but his glances was enough to indicate whether he liked a promoter or not.Raju and Suraj clicked well and it was the beginning of a new story for Raju and a new set of investors joining Babco given that Raju was being perceived as an acquisition king in the mineral water market.
Over a period of time Raju had developed flamboyance and always modeled himself on Richard Branson the maverick tycoon who built brands like Virgin Airlines and was a show stopper in any party.
Raju dreamt of being mobbed by people in a similar category.
He always said “KB, I am looking for the day when I am on Page 1 and Bertha is on page 3 for different reasons and a star couple would be born. ”
KB never doubted that Raju would make it but others including Sanjay always felt that Raju spoke too much and thought no end of himself. 
Sanjay was a god fearing man who went to temples and did his duty of getting the information memorandum for companies and more a family man not given to bragging or conceited by nature.
His younger brother Vicky was more the fun loving baby faced guy who took life in an easy manner and had great equations with market operators.
Sanjay would be put to test by Raju and KB did tell him once in a while that Raju may pull it off given his tenacity.
The sad part was Sanjay did not take the role of an investment banker with intensity and this would prove to be the undoing of Inertia capital as Raju would prove  in months to come.
Raju armed with board approval which had skepticism written all over the face of board members now started vigorously pursuing acquisitions.
In the mean time Raju’s friends overseas had expressed interest in being associated with the company  as the India story was getting hot and KB wanted Raju to take them in as part of the Board of directors giving it an international flavour.
Raju inducted James –an ex investment banker and now a consultant and Rita Jones-a retail specialist with wide ranging experience having worked for the Wal-Mart’s of the world to the board.  
With the able support of Salim as the second in command who knew the FMCG industry well Raju started scouting for acquisitions.
James was always on corporate governance and role of the board and a bit greedy when it came to board sitting fees and paying for his fare to India .He continued to view India as a third world nation and Raju felt KB was right in saying that these guys should be taught a lesson as we were no less than them be it in intelligence or capability, the only area we lacked was self discipline and Raju along with KB decided to take it as a challenge to ensure that Babco would have the best practices and also would be rated as one of the best companies in the country.
KB would be looking for the day when that would happen and they would particularly relish the thought of James eating humble pie. 
Raju had as usual made an announcement that the new issue would be at  a price of Rs. 700 and so the price had  to be managed by the operator.
Raju felt that raising US$ 50 million at that price would be the icing on the cake. He wanted a GDR issue to be listed on the Luxemburg exchange as the norms were not stringent and he could fulfill the compliance requirements.
Raju unfortunately discovered to his shock that acquisition targets were easy to find than to have investors for his GDR issue.
Sanjay was proving to be  a lame duck in terms of getting the GDR issue to reach the investors ears through word of mouth and Raju started what would be the most arduous journey of his life in this regard.
Suraj the operator was willing to run the scrip having met Raju independently over in different parties and was interested in running the story.
Suraj did ask Raju whether the quarterly figures would show a good growth story and Raju being in an ebullient mood after a few drinks had stated that the profits would be there but Suraj had to manage the price.
Sanjay started talking about how the stock price could be taken up but then it needed a good story to back the price movement. Vicky was clear that there could be good coverage of the press to give impact to this story.
Inertia capital though having had an investors meet decided not to include Babco Ltd. to meet investors and this troubled Raju  a lot and he made no bones of it.
Raju conveyed his displeasure in no uncertain terms to Sanjay and Vicky and asked them whether they were interested in working for this scrip or he would find another operator.
In the meantime Raju had started meeting investors with an intensity more so as acquisition targets had been identified and Raju felt that price movement would play a key role for an attractive issue price of the GDR.
The PR was in full swing and the new acquisitions were the purchase of  a mineral water operation in Thailand and also in Sri Lanka- huge markets and with great potential for growth.
The analysis by KB and Raju indicated that they could be bought for a valuation of at best one times sales and that would be a steal .This would immediately catapult them to a new league with world class plants and better than the ones currently in India and Raju was excited about these two transactions.
These units were with MNCs and they had become beaurocratic in nature and as a result had lost the cutting edge to be cost efficient and giving value for money.
KB felt that the days of the MNCs were over as they sent their low ranking expatriates thinking that developing economies were a nightmare to tackle.
 In reality  it was just the opposite in terms of lifestyle with all the power and trappings of a king which was the envy of the global CEO whenever he visited the country which was now quite often as India was in the news for economic growth.
Raju and KB worked as a team and had Salim do the initial negotiations and the take over news was splashed in all the papers in the country.
Unilever and Nestle who were selling the units were initially upset on this news item as the officials there felt that confidentiality clauses were being violated by Raju in naming them in his talks to the press.
Raju being ever the shrewd businessman continued to announce in the papers of his acquisition appetite and also apologized to these guys on the violation of secrecy.
In the meantime the share price had started moving up and Raju was happy with the progress even though a little controversial in the process .The share had moved to Rs. 600 and Suraj had done a good job of market making in the initial phase of the operations.
His terms were to be ironed our and KB, Raju and  Vicky had a detailed meeting of how he would be rewarded in the process.
It was to be through an option route where the difference in price at the level at which he entered and the placement price would be the incremental wealth creation by Suraj which needed to be compensated by success fees.
It was decided that he would be awarded notionally 15 lac options and the difference between the entry price of Rs. 450 and the placement price of say Rs. 750 would be his compensation which could be Rs. 45 crore for a six month operation .Margin requirements would be 10 lac shares and Rs. 20 crores in cash which could be payable abroad and returned once the operations were over. 
Raju and Vicky in consultation with KB agreed that the deal was acceptable though the cost slightly on the higher side and KB did mention that this was success fee based and so the question of only incurring costs did not arise.
Vicky had by now become only a messenger in meeting the operators and there was no serious value add in the process and Raju was getting tempted to act on his own and meet the operator Suraj directly to get his act in place.
In the meantime Raju had also stated in the board meeting that independent members need to have deliverables if they expected to be compensated handsomely and Raju was quite tough as he had taken flak from the board several times in the past for non performance.
Raju started asking the board members to introduce investors and James was given a major task of networking and getting overseas investors hooked on to the India story and be ready to invest in the GDR.
Raju had always dreamt of having the Merrill Lynches, Goldman Sachs,the JP Morgans,the Morgan Stanleys of the world in his company as shareholders and this task was given to James.
While all this activity was going at a frenetic pace in the market front the scrip was making stories as the new company to watch out in years to come with their aggressive growth plans.
Suddenly Raju was only giving interviews and talking to analysts on how the company would grow with overseas acquisitions and would become the biggest mineral water company in the country.
Raju would soon come of age and his dreams of getting there right at the top seemed to be taking shape at a fast clip.
The only problem Raju faced was in keeping pace with the price movement. There was a need to have good earnings guidance in place.Raju would need to buy some profits if he had to up the earnings forecast and show the investors that the company was on a strong foundation. However tax had to be paid on these fictitious profit numbers and Raju was feeling the cash flow pinch in the system as quarterly numbers needed paying advance tax.
KB was not too keen on creative accounting and felt that this could not go on for a long time as the ramifications on undoing the transaction would be severe if the numbers were not met in the future.Raju did not subscribe to this theory and felt that as an owner his job was to get the act in place in ways fair and foul.
KB suggested that having a big four accounting firm authenticating the numbers would do the trick.KB confirmed that the big four would not be any different if the money was paid and respectability bought by the company.Raju’s eyes lit up with this thought process and he reveled in the prospect of making a mockery of ethical practices apparently followed by the big four world wide.
KB was quick to point out that creative accounting did have its own limitations and  Enron like problems could emanate in India and with disclosure requirements on the rise. The chances of being barred from accessing the stock markets were high if we did not act with caution.
Raju agreed completely with KB and they decided to do this activity in a judicious manner allocating responsibilities to individuals to take the  tasks forward.
Shyam – the CFO would be responsible for the creative accounting part and getting the special audit done from a big four and buy respectability and reliability to the accounts.
Sharp practices need to be covered and Raju was also clear that there could be no qualifications in the auditors report.
As far as new clients and territories were concerned Salim would take the lead in ensuring that the growth story was intact.
The acquisitions would be tackled by Raju and KB jointly and market operations would be Raju’s prime responsibility without attracting attention of the regulators.
KB had a note of caution to Raju not to play in his own stocks however hard the temptation as that would ruin Raju as he would get defocused in the process. However KB was not sure Raju would not be tempted to do so as he had become a stock market addict of late and he would not mind trying his hand at it.Raju was a dare devil and an iconoclast who did not mind taking risks and although he said yes to KB sooner than later Raju would find a funder to back the stock market operations on a profit sharing basis.
Bertha had become busy with her shooting schedules and both Raju and Bertha were seeing less and less of each other with both extremely busy with their respective careers.
Bertha was shooting non stop for small budget films and rumours doing the rounds that she was having an affair with the producer of the movie.
However one thing was for certain that things had changed for the better once Raju and Bertha had come together and coincidentally both decided to stick it out with each other as one was the lucky charm for the other and vice versa.
The PR machinery was in full swing and quarterly accounts were now becoming  a necessity to be spoken off.Raju was at his creative best in terms of dreaming what would be the market capital in the future and spoke of the operations of the company with ease.
Raju was smart to emphasize on the illustrious board he had created and also of the top management team with Salim in charge of the operations of the company on  a day to day basis.
Raju was more in a strategic role and with the able assistance from KB was charting out the goal to reach the top of the heap in the corporate sweepstakes as far as FMCG companies were concerned.
With the press and more particularly be it with the CNBC or NDTVs of the world Raju was more focused on the inorganic growth for Babco and how it would be a competitive transnational to reckon with.
The first road show was to only showcase the company in US and UK and it was only to feel the markets.
No mandate was given to any of the investment bankers but Nomura and Merrill were keen to be facilitating the process and Sanjay felt it would be  a good idea. Vicky coordinated with the big bull on the proceedings and he was friendly with  quite a few guys in Merrill, he informed them of Raju’s impending visit.
In the US Raju was at his elegant best in the investor conference going overboard with what India was capable of doing and ended by saying “guys we will rock and in the FMCG sector your company will be a rock star.”
The analysts were impressed with his presentation but felt that there was exaggeration in the story and not sure that he could pull off the acquisitions in Thailand and Sri Lanka from the MNCs.
But then Raju and his team sounded confident and they had posted impressive results through the organic route. Will they be able to pull it off in the inorganic story was their question.
Raju knowing fully well that the investors were to be taken from other places was at his nonchalant best in terms of being easy and a tad irreverent in his approach .This suited Nomura and Merrill because they knew that Raju was playing to the gallery and the US investors were not sure should they give it the go by or invest in this story.
Raju had certainly wetted their appetite that was for sure .In the night at Las Vegas, Raju had a great time partying and bonding with the potential investors and they saw the new breed of Indian entrepreneurs cocky and very sure of themselves and not the argumentative and tolerant Indian owner of the past.
Raju was at ease speaking of best practices and code of ethics though he believed in none and this was equally true of the Americans .It was a sweet copy for the press and Raju loved every bit of it.
His trip to London was an equally enjoyable session with the investors and he ended with a flourish stating “ladies and gentleman we loved the British legacy for having English as a common language and the need to be an economic super power and India was ready to grow by acquisitions. There will be many more of the Corus deals where Tatas took over this steel empire in UK.Similarly one may witness some mineral water plants being taken over by this company in  a few years from now and I shall be working towards it. ”
These meetings had ended on a good note and Nomura and Merrill were thrilled to pieces by the responses it evoked .
However the strategy was to be in a different market to get a set of investors who had not tasted India or been part of the Indian growth story and Sanjay got working on reaching the markets in France ,Germany and Japan.
The investors in US and UK were day traders and what was needed were long term investors to reduce the floating stock in the market.
The big bull Suraj was always apprehensive of day traders in the advanced markets in US and UK and he liked the idea of having other long term investors.
His operations in the futures and options market could be bigger with no great volatility and he could reduce his acquisition in the cash market.
The price had started moving up and was at Rs. 625 with a volume of 100000 shares or so every day but then at Rs. 650 there was a resistance as more guys came in the market to sell and sometimes he had to buy 500000 shares in cash to keep the price at around Rs. 600.
Suraj was also feeling the heat of holding the price and this was a good strategy to get different long term investors in the company.Sanjay ,Vicky and Suraj had a conference call and it was decided that time was ripe for a road show in France, Italy and Japan and bring new investors on board who would not churn the stock frequently as fund managers.Nomura and Merrill were keen to be co-lead manager for the GDR and Sanjay felt that it would be a good idea to have them on board and Raju agreed to the same. 
Raju could talk with ease though at times he was going overboard on verbosity as he had done earlier.
In the meantime in India Nestle had issued a statement that there were no talks on the Sri Lanka sale which were conclusive and they refused to comment further on this deal.
The next day papers carried the news that it was only an initial talk which had been blown out of proportions by Salim the  CEO and Nestle was upset on the breach of confidentiality on this subject.
The share price had become volatile and was hovering between Rs. 550 and Rs. 600.The problem Raju was facing was the volatility in the share price and the amount of stocks that were coming once the share reached Rs. 550
Every day Suraj was trying to push up the share price but the moment an order was placed at a higher price the amount of shares that were being off loaded was pretty heavy.
Further the bad news of nestle denying the deal had adverse impact and the share price came down to Rs .450.
Suraj asked Vicky whether the share could be placed with some big institutional investor so that supply could be sucked out of the system but there were no takers.
Raju the owner was tempted to buy the shares in his own name and this could be a dangerous move on his part as circular trading charges could be slapped on him and barred from accessing the stock markets.
KB cautioned Raju in this regard and told him to be careful of what he was getting into as this could be suicidal if not handled with tact and care.
Raju had an obsession that the share was under priced and with these stories of acquisitions in the pipeline the value creation could be awesome and the share price should be vaulting to greater heights.
In the meantime Suraj the big bull was running out of cash  and patience as the stocks accumulated by him were high.Babco not being a scrip in the futures and options market could be bought only in cash and that was causing immense burden and even Raju was finding the going difficult to find financiers for his company.
The reasons were not far to see as the stock had been gaining momentum on the Acquisition stories and the market was not sure it could be pulled off.
Raju as the owner was still to be respected as a great industrialist and he was still being evaluated by the funds and the investors alike.
The sector was liked by the investors but the management was still new to the game and had so far been doing a decent job as a medium size mineral water player and here was a different ball game being enacted. Are they taking more than they can chew and do they have the bandwidth to being a big company in terms of managerial expertise .This question was being raised regularly by the investors and analysts and Raju was not quite convincing in his replies.
Further the major problem Raju was facing reduced to not much talk on the story and this was hurting the stock price.
It was still being viewed with skepticism and problem being faced was whether Raju could scale up the operations and make it  a big company.
KB felt that the PR was not doing a good job and asked Raju to step in personally by calling the journalists and talking to them and positioning the company. 
Raju was game in doing so and he started the process in right earnest and articles talking of the growth plans and the potential acquisitions started slowly but surely appearing in the papers. 
Salim in the meantime had been doing a good job of steering the ship and Ramesh had reconciled to the fact that he would have to wait for the top slot for some years as Salim was doing a good job.
Mary was pleased with the way things were shaping and found that Raju though not accessible was quite nice and mellowed down and with Salim as an interface the working had become much better.
Raju was a deal maker and not a manager and hence the people were more comfortable dealing with Salim as the CEO who gave time and had patience in understanding the problems.
KB and Raju now virtually spent time in strategies be it corporate strategy or the capital market strategy.
The monthly review meetings were now held by Salim with KB present only for the mentoring part and Raju was conspicuous by his absence.
He did not interfere in the day to day operations although in the collection reports when debtors were becoming high and not being recovered in time Raju was quick to point out the same. All were used to seeing the red marks by Raju on the collection being weak or stocks and debtors being on the rise causing concern.
One point which did not escape KB and Raju was the fact that although sales was going up as projected the cash flow in the system was getting constrained and liquidity was getting jettisoned in the process.
Raju was getting concerned that the turnover was reaching greater heights and would reach Rs. 500 crore through the organic route with all the plants firing but cash crunch would be a severe issue as stocks and inventory were mounting up in the process.
Dr. Naik in the meantime was doing a good job in the R & D lab bringing out new variants of mineral water which could be customized to different markets and increase the export potential.
This was becoming an interesting news and KB was clear that the company also needed positioning as a innovative product based entity.
KB told Raju that Dr .Naik should be exposed to the media and thereby help in getting a new positioning for the company.
This PR exercise was in the right direction as the stock price started recovering and moving up to Rs. 500.reaching Rs. 750 seemed to be a big issue and the GDR would not be possible at this point of time.
Vicky and Sanjay had the stock covered by their analysts and were hopeful of  a positive response from the investors .Raju was going to a peak after the quarterly results and he was sure that with a good performance under his belt the review in the electronic media like CNBC and NDTV could be great.
KB did feel that less should be spoken of the acquisitions as they had got mired in small controversies on account of over enthusiasm on Raju’s side and asked him to avoid talking about the same to the media.
Suraj –the big bull had in the meantime created a position and was already holding 1000000 shares in stock at an average price of Rs. 550 and still the price was down to Rs. 500.
Any attempt at raising the priced resulted in a minimum of 20000 shares coming in his lap and this was becoming a nightmare for him.
Raju had no choice but to play the role of an investment banker as he was getting cheesed off with Vicky and Sanjay on their inability to place the shares. Further his concern was that they did not buy into the story and were there only to make money on the price moving up on account of the big bulls operations.
The question in his mind was whether he had made a mistake in engaging with the big bull.Raju liked him as an individual and both enjoyed each others company and one commonality was their interest in women and partying big time. 
The big bull was obsessed with the glitter and glamour of Bollywood and Raju had access to wannabe actresses and models through his connections thanks to Bertha in the initial stages and now to his amazing capability for networking and connectivity.
Raju had any way been using these babes to entice heads of foreign broking firms and investment bankers and so also the new breed of PE funds who were greedy and looked at personal kick backs to fund their individual projects by way of seed capital funding besides running the hedge funds.
Raju once in a while gave a piece of his mind about the inability of the brothers to do  a placement or help in publicizing the scrip. his basic concern with Vicky was always the problem of not believing in his story and still they looked at him with cynical eyes which hurt him a lot.
The big bull was very clear and in his interactions with Vicky ,Sanjay and KB made it very clear that Raju was moving at a faster pace and we were just not up to it .Further he did state emphatically “ KB we are not in his league vis-à-vis relationship and his capability to smell an acquisition is great and I feel he will make it big .Since you know him for so long can we just help him with the price movement and let him do the placement without that responsibility on us” KB immediately said “Friend how do we show our performance to ask for such a fat fee of 5 million dollars or Rs. 20 crore for just this activity?”
Suraj had an answer to this and did state “KB we need to accept the stock that comes and it involves an inventory carrying cost and so it is reasonable.”
Raju was in a hurry and as soon as KB broke this news he called up the big bull and told him to start mopping up as he would give shares in physical form as collateral for this operation. 
The big bull without finalizing the deal went into overdrive and started buying shares which were also sold by some of the expatriate lot of investment banking heads stationed in India who had got it as a kick back from Raju for their efforts in buying the scrip for their organsiations and keeping it in their portfolio on  along term basis.
They were essentially converting the kickback of stocks into cash and the big bull was the unfortunate victim in this case or so he thought.
The big bull was not too pleased with this modus operandi of Raju’s friends and told him during one of the drinking sessions in no uncertain terms about this breach in the code of conduct.
Raju being in the company of women was in an expansive mode and told him that if it hurt him so much would buy the shares himself.
In the meantime he had already gone ahead and done a small acquisition in the form of a specialty flavoured water which was in a niche area and had a brand but no volumes or margins. 
This was rose flavoured mineral water and elderly people and youngsters loved this water though a trifle expensive.
Raju had done in  quietly while he was with this couple one evening over  a dinner and he had to thank Bertha for their introduction as they used to come and watch plays and Raju had become a fixture in these outings with Bertha  in the early days of courtship.
However Raju had never envisaged that a day would come when he would be inclined to do a total buy out of their business with them getting a small portion in cash and shares of Babco in return for the buy out.
The story was simple and conveyed in a nice manner in the Economic Times and Business Standard and the stock opened with a gap inching towards the 650 mark in  matter of just half hour.
The volume that came with a buy at higher levels was not too much and Raju was pleased as punch with the performance of the stock.
Later in the evening there was also a live coverage of the acquisition on CNBC and NDTV and Raju spoke with flair and élan over how this would be the biggest turnaround story in the coming year.
The FMCG sector was hot and  water segment  has now become the flavour of this industry and biggies were vying with each other to have a slice of action in the country. Raju was fully aware of this and was looking at how things had changed in a matter of just a few months.
What was once an untouchable industry was now being courted by all and sundry and Raju liked the demand and curiosity generated by this industry.
He would be a mover and shaker in this industry and would surely have  a market cap of over 1 billion dollars sooner than later.
He was an ardent admirer of Reliance industries Ltd and its founder Dhirubhai Ambani who was a role model for him and he would leave no stone unturned to be called the mineral water king.
Raju was all along looking at acquisitions and his mind was set at doing a placement at Rs. 700 which would result in  a new benchmark in valuations. He was clearly eyeing the acquisitions in sri lanka and Thailand and now with his interviews one acquisition in India had also landed up in his lap.
The PR strategy was working and KB and Raju decided that getting the people to perform at higher levels would be a major challenge to be taken up. 
Raju decided move up the scrip having an understanding with a close circle of friends on the benefits of buying in this counter to give some relief to the big bull who was now at his wits end.
Whenever he pushed up the price to Rs. 650 a whole lot of stock was coming to him which was not an entirely pleasing phenomena and in the process he had already accumulated more than 1000000 shares which was much more than anticipated for  a month’s operation and more were coming at higher levels.
Raju was slightly disappointed with the panic that was creeping in and informed the big bull accordingly. 
Vicky could not play much of  a role and Raju with KB had to do the talking to tell him that this was a trying time and they had to see through with the process and be ready for the placement at Rs. 700 either a GDR or private placement.
Raju had a birthday party for Bertha and there the big bull enjoyed the company of wannabe models and actresses and under influence did state that he would be keen in being part of this story of raising funds and helping Raju become the mineral water king.
Raising 100 million dollars was not a small thing but Raju would do it and also have the acquisitions in place.
In the meantime flushed with success Raju called for a board meeting where the expatriate directors were also asked to attend.
In this meeting after so many years Raju was at his best taking over the mantle as chairman rightfully with clear performance to show and asking performance from the board of directors.
James ,Peter and Rita were asked to give their role plays and so also KB and other local directors with  a very clear view of responsibility with rewards flowing accordingly.
James was always harping on  corporate governance and the need for independent directors to be paid and so on and so forth and slowly Raju had started loosing patience with him as James was all talk and no action. This did make them sit up and comment that it would take some time as the company was small and to have big guys interested in the company would be  a tough ask.
Raju flared up at this and the owners pride was clearly visible when he stated that he had kept quiet when the company was a not doing well in terms of growth  and majority in the board were not sure it would survive competition and it has become the biggest appreciation story in the bourses.
“Our job now collectively is wealth creation and you guys need to bring the contacts on the table to take the share price to catastrophic heights .Forget the earnings we will create it and you bring big names in the system as shareholders.”
James shot back saying “Raju we cannot loose sight of corporate governance and I do not want to be penalized and be behind bars for wrong acts by the company.”
Raju one not to relent at this point of time gave a serious rejoinder saying “James please give me performance and the rest shall follow.”
There was a stunned silence in the board room and Salim the CEO broke the ice saying that the performance was better than the budget and could we have a look at the earnings guidance for the next quarter.
As soon as good performance was spoken about there was a collective sigh of relief and everything forgotten.
KB would not forget that between knowledge capital and money capital the latter won hands down and today the same directors whether Indian or expatriate were in a virtual mode of submission as far as Raju was concerned due to his money power.
Raju did share with KB similar thoughts and added that the moment he should be down money wise these guys would pounce at him as wounded lions and hit back at every opportunity.
Well money makes the difference and KB become a businessman and a owner and see the power you command of knowledge and money as  a combination.
KB reminiscing did feel that Raju was right and he would need to shift from consulting to being an entrepreneur sooner than later.
In the meantime the organization was seeing a serious turbulence as the top management was under pressure for performance as numbers were becoming hard to reach although in the board meeting it had been stated with great flair that we will reach the targets.
Salim and Ramesh were not on the best of terms and though Salim was being polite and nice in managing the flock he was getting sleepless nights from Mary and Ramesh in particular.
Raju did not have time for operations except for fleeting moments with them only to enquire whether targets will be met and no further discussions.
Salim was all the more relying on KB for comfort and assurance that things would go on well and now was slightly getting frightened of Raju as performance was slipping.
His confidence was at a low and he needed to rally his team to perform well.
The only person who could prevail on Raju was KB and Salim knew that in such times it was good to have KB counseling and coaching the team to regroup and reach the targets .
KB was good when under pressure and his out of box thinking suited the youngsters well so that they only had implementation as their job.
Mary was not to happy with her position as she was getting to see less and less of Raju and a gnawing feeling had come to her that he would now dump even Bertha and go for other women as he was becoming bigger and more well known and famous.
Raju had no time for silly acts and he would just tersely tell the guys about numbers having to be achieved as he was the Chairman and they were employed by him to perform or else perish.
The charm in working for Babco was doing a vanishing act of sorts at a rapid pace and people were there only for the higher salaries being paid.
The loyalists were being ignored and new entrants paid astronomical salaries which was causing dissensions and old vs. new groups getting formed.
Salim was not sure that the medicine was to chop of people not performing as Raju kept on repeating as job markets were hot and anybody who was leaving Babco was getting twice their current salary.
KB decided to broach it with Raju and see the way forward as debtors had mounted and financial control had gone for a toss with increased top line, poor recovery  and increased expenses causing immense pressure on the liquidity in the system.
Raju was excited the next day to meet KB but with an entirely different agenda of a new deal with managerial strength and quite sure that he could pull of the deal.
It was a small mineral water plant in Pune manufacturing 20 litre and doing only institutional sales and strapped for cash. 
Raju was interested in this deal as the owner was excited with this product and passionate with a hands on approach unlike a professional.
Raju had struck a deal with this owner Madan to give him a stock swap and be the CEO of this division which would make him a professional entrepreneur with a salary.
Raju liked Madan and his enthusiasm and the owners way of thinking about money making was just the right fit he was looking for in this entire deal.
KB was quite impressed with this guy and they shook hands and closed the deal with both sides gaining in the process.
KB then gave inputs on the state of affairs and the nervousness of the team and asked Raju to be less abrasive.
Raju was in an expansive mode and not perturbed and said “KB you do what you feel is right. if you want to sack them do so or nurture them and I do not have the time .For me it is money making  and party time .Buddy it is left to you and I seriously mean it. do you want to party tonight as I am having some interesting babes with me.”
KB knew things had changed dramatically and this unit was a good buy which would add to the distribution capacity as well as have  a strong footing on the institutional front.
Raju and KB concluded that Madan would work under Salim as the Chief Operating Officer and possibly be a good number two to be groomed for the top level should Salim not perform or fail for some reason.
Things were now falling in place as far as top line and bottom line were concerned but the share price was not moving up to expectations.
Raju was clear that the operator driven mode would not work for the share price to move up and had to create the story to take the price to the next level.
Raju now targeted for Rs. 900 as the price at which he would do a new placement of a GDR/ADR of a minimum of a US$100 million.
He started looking at some of the overseas acquisitions with greater interest and started looking at the mineral water plant in Thailand which did 20 litre and also 1 litre and ½ litre which suited him as the production base would be of  a global size.
He could look at the flavoured products being produced at these plants and sold to countries in adjoining places in Asia and create a new distribution channel for his products.
This would serve the twin purpose of expanding the facilities and also start having a global presence in operations. 
The cost being quoted was US$ 60 million and as the company was on hard times the assets  even at book value were above this price at US$ 70 million 
This was the first quote and subject to negotiations and Raju felt it would be  a good buy based on the gut reaction even though he had not seen the plant or facilities.
Raju asked KB to go and visit the facilities in Thailand and take  a first hand look at the facilities.
Raju was willing to go ahead if KB gave the green signal for the facilities as price negotiations was something which KB was better at than Raju as he was not swayed by emotion and would not let a deal go by for whimsical reasons.
KB took Madan and Salim to see the facilities in Thailand and were shocked to look at the wonderful facilities totally mismanaged in the country.
The country was small and was under martial law and had a lot of political instability but infrastructure compared to the best in the world and was way ahead of India.
Both Madan and Salim felt it was an ideal fit and so also KB and came back to India with a thumbs up for the deal.
Raju was happy with the speed at which KB closed transactions and carried people with him and said so to KB more with admiration and a feeling of having a great sense of relief to have KB as part of his think tank.
However KB felt that the plant in Srilanka would also merit a dekko and it would form part of a bigger M & A story for the company.
Raju immediately agreed with this though and started thinking of activating the operators and also the PR agency.
KB had mentioned to Raju of a sophisticated ex –foreign banker turned investment banker Guru  who was close to about 100 FIIs and would take the price upwards if he liked the story.
He had created many stories in the bourses and had seen ups and downs in his career post his employment days as an entrepreneur.
Guru got interested with the story but his negotiations were tough and one could also say laced with greed .One had to be careful of Guru as he could be slimy and cut of off the system or start the vilification campaign against you if you were not moving according to his thoughts.
Guru sat with KB and Raju and closed the deal saying that he would take 2000000 warrants after intense negotiations where he had started at 3000000 warrants at the current prices and see to it that the GDR was placed a at  price of Rs.1000 or so.
Raju started having an admiration for him and did say so to KB at a later stage
Guru told Raju we shall not sell your company cheap.
Next day after the bourses opened the scrip had hit the upper circuit and was at  a price of Rs.950 an all time high for Babco and Guru was telling the whole world that this company is a great story.
Well the wheels of fortune had started rolling in favour of Raju or so it seemed .Raju was feeling very good and the only low for him was that he did not have sufficient time for his personal life .This was causing concern to him and Bertha was not too appreciative of the fact that Raju was doing well professionally but could not have quality time available on the personal front.
Raju did not exactly get worked up with the situation and was quite willing to reconcile with compromises at this stage of his career.
He was on the verge of exciting times and would not give it up for  a piece of action on the personal front. Babes were available in plenty and would make up for the lost time sometime in the future.
Raju had planned acquisitions and all was based on the market being operated properly to ensure that the price was maintained by the operators and markets would be buoyant in the next three months.
Indian markets had got inextricably linked to the global markets and awaited for cues particularly from the US markets to make things happen.
India was a story in the making and also an economic enigma as far as FIIS and foreign investors could understand or make of  Indian markets.
There was a general warning of global recession and US leading the way as the numbers were not looking good in terms of GDP growth in the US or the employment figures and recession loomed large in the country. People had started talking of defaults taking place in the credit activities of major US banks be it housing loans and mortgages ,car loans or personal loans. This could have global repercussions and although the Indian currency is not convertible these factors could affect the Indian economy and also the manufacturing sector.
Raju continued to be gung-ho in spite of the upheavals facing the country and Indian service sector totally dependant on the US for its revenue streams.
Raju had used the earlier money to shore up the prices and now virtually run out of money to do further acquisitions.KB had warned him not to operate his own share but Raju still was captivated by the market capitalization game and had pushed up the share price by lending the proceeds of the PE to operators.
Raju had also given statements in CNBC,NDTV and a host of publications of acquisitions having been consummated though they were still in documentation stage.
Suddenly US announced rate cuts talking of recession and come Monday 49 of the world markets tanked and it was a manic Monday.
India was not spared and had the steepest fall of 1200 points triggering a virtual collapse of the Indian Stock markets .the BSE and NSE had to be closed as it was a free fall and no control on prices in sight.
There was panic all around and FIIs had turned sellers big time wanting to cover losses in other markets and pump in profits from emerging markets like India China and Brazil.
Indian markets were dropping like nine pins and Babco share had tanked to Rs. 300 from an all time high of Rs. 900.The Index had crashed by 4000 points and with that possibly Raju’s dreams of raising resources at Rs. 1000 per share.
Raju was perplexed and panicking .What was considered as a blue chip just a week ago had become a virtual untouchable in a matter of seven days.
Raju was not able to understand when KB had been insisting that do not look for a higher price.KBs words echoed in Raju’s mind “close when the going is good and collect the money and use it judiciously as cash is king ”, KB had told him not so long ago.Raju had done ring fencing and purchased his own shares through fake FIIs set up in Mauritius and they were all at  a price upwards of Rs. 600.His own friends had sold shares and Raju in his wisdom had purchased from them but now was unable to honour the commitments in terms of payment to be made.
Raju went home only to see that Bertha had left a note saying that she was off for  a shoot and would not be home.
He was surprised that Mary no longer featured in his horizon and decided to give  a call and see how she was faring and call her over for  a drink
A shock awaited him as the office informed him that Mary had quit a month ago and left for Canada .Raju was shell shocked and could not believe his eyes and a tremor passed through his entire frame.
He immediately called up KB and asked him what happened and KB told him that Mary was seeking his appointment for the last three months and he did not have time to see her always asking her to see Salim and sort out the problem.
KB also warned Raju that other resignations were in the offing and if his GDR does not go through Raju will be in for further unpleasant surprises.
Today Raju felt miserable having come home early not able to speak to anybody and even his dear friend KB was out of town
The world had come crashing down and Raju did not know how to handle it. In the meantime to galvanise the company into action through complete automation of activities. Raju had bought a technology company B-Soft which would take care of logistics and transportation activities and provide an online tracking mechanism in place.
KB had warned Raju not to press the accelerator so fast as this acquisition may be seen as an unrelated activity but wiser counsel had not prevailed over him and he went forward with this acquisition.
KB did state “Raju technology should be an enabler to the strategy and cannot be a strategy by itself. At this rate you will hit disaster zone faster and investors will not give you  a second chance buddy.”
Raju was totally confused as he visulaised the scenario in the office. Incessant calls from his secretary was only to inform him that margin calls were being asked for by Deutche bank or else Babco stock would be sold .Raju was completely leveraged and fortunately his loan in EXIM bank had been sanctioned as Babco was a zero debt company and exports were doing well. But then how does one divert these funds to provide margin money.
Reeling under all this and wanting to meet Mary, Raju fell into an incoherent slumber not knowing what was hitting him.
He had passed through this once and again when warned by all his friends and more notably by KB after playing poker and partying all night grief times seem to be coming all over again.
How would he get out of this mess as the plot had thickened and personally had got into a leveraged position and a huge  debt trap was looming large on his face.
KB had been looking at the organization while Raju had taken his eye of the needle and there was a distinct sense of weariness that had set into the system. People were no longer excited with the budgeting and the target oriented process as the employees did not feel that rewards and reinforcements were handsome or forthcoming.
Although the organization had become bigger Raju continued to have check signing powers and was signing the smallest cheques and vouchers for Rs. 500.KB had on many occasions asked Raju not to run a company in what was termed in Indian Slang as “Lalaland Style.”
There seemed to be no professionalism in the system and while jargons were used in the board room of having corporate governance were a far cry from reality.Raju continued to sign the smallest of cheques and did not have time to sign checques and payment defaults had become the order of the day.
His partying and late nights had resulted in lack of control on the collection process and this had resulted in even cheques bouncing and more so for creditors.
Really the cash flow management had become a casualty in the organization.
Employees reimbursements were held up and there was all round frustration and demotivation in the company.
KB now decided that the counseling had to be done and a climate created for people to remain motivated in the organization.
KB took it upon himself to have  a chat with Raju and mend his ways of operating as the rot was at the top and needed to be stemmed before it became endemic in the company.
 Raju was heavily leveraged on the personal front having pledged his shares for market operations and the share price was now hovering at Rs. 200 with hardly any volumes.Raju’s margin calls were increasingly difficult to pay and his funders were threatening to sell the shares. This would result in a free fall as the volume was low and even a sale of 1000 shares was ensuring that the price drops by Rs. 50.
Suddenly things looked so gloomy and Raju was finding that the same investors had virtually disappeared from mother earth on whom he had spent a small fortune cultivating them and also giving them kickbacks in the fond hope that they would buy on behalf of their funds during the GDR issue.
Suddenly he realized that we may be intelligent but market is always right. These so called friends  who were fund managers or CEOs of broking firms were now talking about poor market sentiments and global cues not aiding local sentiments with economy worldwide being in a recession.
Suddenly for Raju even Rs. 5 lac was proving to be difficult to pay to creditors and his working capital had got affected.
When KB met him Raju was more wanting a strategy to get out of this mess of making ends meet on a daily basis in the company.KB had come with a different agenda of having  a vision for growth and how to get the employees charged up.
Raju the owner was stuck with greed and had lost the basic plot and now was not even willing to look at resurrection as the immediate was more pressing than the apparent long-term namely people retention.
Raju on seeing KB was imploring “KB what do we do as I have to make payment for acquiring B soft and also need money for day to day existence. How do we go about it as our very survival is at stake.”
KB looked at him and it conveyed to Raju what was to be said and in a soft voice only added “Raju one does not get too many chances and you have already had a second chance .How many more chances you need god alone knows and you are goddamn greedy using company money for personal purposes and buying expensive gifts for your girlfriends when the house is on fire.”
Raju had never seen KB is such a bad mood in so many years and his voice was soft and taunting.KB was not suspecting but convinced that Raju had diverted company funds for personal purposes and was again playing the stock market game with operators and his operations bordering on insider trading. Well Raju had not learnt his lesson and now was not having money to take care of the working capital requirements. same old story being repeated but only now the hole in the balance sheet becomes bigger.
Raju did not say a word and when asked if the company was bleeding Raju was not able to answer.KB immediately asked him whether he was again going to buy profits as this too would turn to be  a vicious cycle doomed for disaster from day one but the temptation was too high to resist.
Raju just had one response “ KB can you take charge of this sinking ship as I do not have the mettel or the guts to run it ”
KB politely replied “Raju the person who creates the shit has to clean the shit and I am not your cleaner in this case any way as I do not have the time and cannot devote so much for the same things over and over again.”
Owners are driven by greed and that is fin but when the chips are down they are like rodents who try to find an escape route and would then not like to be at the helm of decision making.
Today Babco had reached a stage where the chances that statutory dues violation would hit the company was a sure certainty. This did not bode well for Raju and he was contemplating of resigning from the board of directors for fear of default and subsequent arrest as it was a cognizable offense.
KB was aghast at this thought and gently chiding him said “ Raju please do not run away from reality as when the company was doing well you wanted to lead and get the accolades and now when you are staring at the barrel of the gun you want to run away. I am a director on your board and shall continue to be there even though we are going downhill al thanks to you. I am also doing  a disservice to fellow directors by not telling them the true story of our position. we need to think of having  aboard meeting and placing the facts on the table.”
A cold chill passed through Raju’s spine on hearing this thought process from KB and no way could he fault his friend and mentor in this regard.
The way out seemed difficult and now he wondered why he had such unending dreams of conquering the world and becoming a billionaire. The money taken earlier was not used productively and this had again caused the company to go down the tube.
Raju wondered what would be the way out and despite KB threatening to disclose felt that he would come with  a face saving gesture .
Today was not a good day to press home the point and KB while sitting there seemed to be in a pensive mood .Raju decided it would be better not to disturb KB’s thoughts and leave it for another day.
KB abruptly got up and before leaving gave a parting shot “Raju you need  to mend your ways and get integrated with the organization if it is to survive or else we need to divorce ownership from control and give it to the professionals to run the place”
Raju went home early only to be accosted by Bertha at the doorstep asking him “ where is my diamond bracelet” This was the last thing  Raju wanted to hear and in his anger said “go screw yourself and there is no bracelet for you and neither do you deserve it.”
Unfortunately for Raju it was Bertha’s birthday and she had just returned to town on her birthday and this was the last thing she wanted to hear from Raju.without uttering a word she picked her belongings and stormed out of the house.
The world was coming apart for Raju and he was not knowing what had hit him in a week to bring him to such a sad state. such was life inexplicable and with no answers to turn of events.
A confused Raju decided to go clubbing in the night ! 
It was not easy to relieve the tension as all around were friends and acquaintances asking Raju how the GDR issue was coming up even while he was partying.Raju was striking conversation with a pretty lass when an investment banker in  a foreign firm walked up and said “Hey Raju how much have you lost in the market melt down. Hope you do not loose further money.”
The girl turned around and asked Raju “are you having financial problems dude?”
Raju could not bear it and left the night club feeling very miserable. suddenly it hit him hard that people recoginised you only for your money and the amount you spent and once you were down the very same people made fun of you. Come to think of it Raju’s wealth had decreased substantially .The 45% stake was  at today’s prices of  Rs. 200 was worth only Rs 200 cr and the current market capitalization had shrunk to Rs. 444 crore.
Even this was only on paper as the volume had dipped heavily and all the operators friends of Raju had thrown up their hands in despair as any price holding operation was only burning a hole in their pocket.Raju was also aware that the markets in the past few weeks had come off by 25% and this had been the steepest fall with virtually no gains being made by any stocks and the declines outstripping the advances by as high a ratio of 30:1.this virtually indicated that there existed no market as for every scrip rising there were 30 that were falling by the way side.Raju was in the category of  a mid cap stock falling in the latter segement.The very though of what was in store made Raju sweat.
Although at current prices Raju was worth Rs. 200 cr. even a sale of 1000 share would bring his share price down from the current Rs. 200 level to Rs. 100 level and his net worth would erode by 50% and it would be  a lemon .
Raju thinking of all this just reached home and went to sleep and popped some sleeping pills to get some sleep which was eluding him.
Next day when Raju came to the office the first port of call was KB and they decided to meet at the Marriot to chalk the future strategy.
Raju had not been coming to the office for the past few days and panic had set into the office and willy nilly it was left to KB to soothe ruffled feathers and panic stricken employees in the organization.KB felt bad that Raju as the owner was not in control when things were going down and once too often was doing the disappearing act much to the consternation of employees of the company.
When they met at the Marriot KB was shocked to see Raju in a sad state and seem to be  a wreck looking sick and weak.KB asked “Raju is everything ok and what has happened to you”Raju was shivering and replied “there is no money and the stock is crumbling and my operator friends have disappeared and we may be in a big mess if we do not raise resources. I have been running around KB to find money to save the company and now please help me with advice on what should be the course of action.”
KB replied “Raju I had wanted to talk of burning operational issues as senior people like Dr. Naik and Salim have put in their resignation papers and I was forced to accept it as you were nor reachable and they panicked and left for better and stable organizations. anyway let us think of ways of raising money and talk about operational issues say tomorrow in the office.”
Raju was grateful that his friend and guide as usual understood the situation and was willing to look at the critical issues namely getting money into the company and personally to pay margin calls.
Suddenly KB said “Raju what about looking at  a sponsored GDR.” Raju slightly excited asked him “Now what is that?”  
A sponsored GDR sucks out the liquidity from the market place and these shares are placed with new long term investors with  a three to five year horizon of investment. These shares are placed at the current market price of and the existing shareholders offer their shares for sale and there is no increase in capital or dilution in equity.
Suddenly Raju was concerned “but we will have a normal road show as for GDR and profits need to improve whereas we are having pressure on our profits. what do we do now KB as we are surrounded by problems.”
KB Retorted “Raju first let us be clear it is all your creation and you never bothered about the company when the markets were soaring and you were looking at only your paper wealth. Please understand that your shares are currency only when you are doing well and there is an investor appetite for the sector and the company and more importantly when the markets are in a bull face. global recession and bear phase have destroyed wealth creation and your company is not doing well. You have cooked up your figures to please the operators in the quarterly by purchasing profits and debtors are on the higher side. Please have your act clear and then talk.”
Raju was sweating at this severe reprimand from his friend and mentor and in an anguished voice had only one question” What do we do now and please KB the share should not come to below Rs.100 levels” to which KB had a rasping remark “you cannot control the market and unfortunately the public holding in your company is 55% and not like Azim Premji of Wipro who holds 85% of the stock and even he is not able to weather the bear onslaught.”
Raju then asked him for the steps to be taken for eh sponsored GDR and KB’s response left him shaken and shattered “Raju restate the profits and give earning guidance which is not optimistic but actual reality.” 
Raju could not believe his eyes and started wondering whether KB was out of his head. to Raju it made no sense as the scrip could crash to Rs. 50 or even less and the market cap would be reduced to less than Rs. 50 crore and how can a sponsored GDR be done.KB’s ideas seemed to be contradictory but KB in this mood could not be questioned as he would tear Raju to pieces given that Raju never bothered to consult him and was riding a high horse as a owner during the bull days.Oh !how I wish I had encashed and made the issue when the scrip was at Rs. 600 not aiming for Rs. 1000 was Raju’s refrain now-a-days.
Well it would have made a great difference as KB would state “cash is king and always have cash instead of paper profits”. But then there were no takers for this philosophy during the bull phase of the markets and even now Raju was not able to believe that the tide had changed in one week .Was this a dream or reality!!!
As Raju went back to his chambers further bad news was awaiting him as the markets had tanked and on a sale of 2000 shares Babco had tanked to Rs. 105.his worst fears had come true in a matter of seconds spoiling the chances of a sponsored GDR.
Where do we go from here? was the question uppermost in Raju’s mind having reached the depths of depression from the heights of ecstasy that he was experiencing only a few months ago.
The margin call were round the corner and the financiers would harass him for additional cash.CNBC and NDTV would publish the negative stories with great relish as this was news. His PR firm would now show helplessness and say that they cannot avoid the negative stories from getting published.Raju was in a dilemma as he had borrowed enough to do take overs which were in limbo and also to shore up the share price with operators. All the earlier money raised had gone for these activities.Raju was left with no funds.
In the board people were under the mistaken notion that he was cash surplus. Only KB knew the story thought Raju had not been forthcoming and KB had not asked him directly. The understanding with KB was nothing short of exemplary and though Raju knew KB did not approve of this method KB did not harp on it.
It was not KB’s style o repeat the do’s and dont’s time and again. In a natural conversation KB had said that the owners are mature individuals and should understand their risk appetite and play the market accordingly. According to KB there were no holy cows and America the supposed Mecca for ethical practices was more known for the frauds in  a developed market than any other nation in the 21st century. as much as law makers tried to plug in the loop holes investors and promoters practiced the art of insider trading through routes hitherto not thought off by the law makers and by the time the loop holes were plugged the market participants had fond other legal though not necessarily legitimate ways to by pass the system and consistently successful at that. In India too the owners of companies were no different and they were try to beat the system systematically through superior paper work. But the technology progress made in the country in terms of trading had possibly made dent on the ingenuity of the stock market players and operators owners included and manipulation had reduced considerably though not totally eliminated.
Raju was caught in a trap as CNBC asked for  a statement from Raju and he could not avoid the calls as during good times he had sought the channels and today he needed to stand up and talk.
Talk he did and what a disaster it was as he made a meal of things by saying that 15% of his stock had to be sold to cough up the margin money to the financiers. When queried further whether he would have to sell further he did state that there was no money in the company and he was not getting money from outside financiers. The companies that had advanced funds against shares would sell his stocks should  a need for further margin calls arise given the volatile nature of the markets locally and even locally.
Finally the CNBC reporter dealt a parting shot “Do you become  a take over candidate as there is every possibility of markets coming down on global cues and your holding in Babco falling well below the 26% ?”Raju could not contain his anger because his stake was still 30% and secondly this seemed to be trial by media  and shouted “I do not answer such stupid questions.”
Raju immediately knew that this telephonic interview would be relayed time and again and analysts would conclude that his slip was showing and there are chinks in his armour.
The carefully cultivated turnaround story was now becoming  a nightmare to handle as it was breaking apart and Raju was not sure how he should take it forward.
A thought cropped in his mind should he now tell the public at large that he is willing to off load his stake in a friendly take over or fight a hostile take over.
Over 70% of the stake was in the public domain and given his size and the MNCs operating in the water segment he stood as an ideal takeover candidate for the likes of Coke, Pepsi and Nestle.
KB would be his ideal advisor under such conditions and better to seek his counsel was the conclusion that Raju arrived at. After talking to KB it was felt that matters should not be precipitated and Raju should lie low.KB was clear that there was no point giving views in the press when one is virtually down and out. Further his point of view which Raju appreciated was do not react to the carnage that is hitting the street and also Raju.What Raju needs to do is to keep money ready to pick up stake at these levels as a smart propmoter.These were nice words from KB but where is the money.Immediatell KB replied “What happened to your poker group or investment banking friends whom you so carefully cultivated as a owner and wanted to be in a league of your own. Have they disappeared or you do not have the guts to approach them” Raju was really getting angry but could do nothing as KB was spot on as usual and Raju had neglected the organization to cultivate these guys.Raju just kept quiet and looked at KB which conveyed agreed and now what next!
KB then stated that being off the press is the first job and secondly organise money somehow to pick stakes at lower levels and concentrate on building the organization.
As usual KBs clarity of thought was remarkable even in crisis and Raju couldn’t but admire him for his clairvoyance. Simple lucid and crisp in approach KB the mentor capitalist was a entrepreneur who could do work with a zeal others could not dream off. But then KB was made of sterner stuff.
He had added that Raju being a friend KB was willing to wear the cap of a consultant and help him rebuild Babco and possibly help it reach greater heights.
Raju do you have the mental toughness to start the journey all over again but with discipline ,dedication and purposefulness? asked KB
Raju thought for some time and after taking a glass of water made a careful thought through statement which in KBs opinion was one of the most profound ones in his long association with Raju. “KB we have made this journey together and do I have  a choice. You are seen as a successful person KB with reputation intact and seen as a knowledge person and acknowledged as a guru. Even people who do not like you personally having grudging admiration for your intelligence and clarity .I am seen as a guy with tall talk and now a wannabe businessman and I have always aspired to be a great Indian owner. I have squandered my chances this time but do not think I can do it any other way except from the basics starting from first principles. I am game for rebuilding the organization and KB you guide me if you will have the time to do so.”
KB  told Raju not to come to hasty conclusions and think about his strengths and weaknesses and then come to a conclusion and so saying left the room and leaving Raju to do self introspection.
While he would do the self introspection part Raju the owner had a bigger problem in hand.
He owed the market huge amount of money as he had induced people to buy the stocks at lower levels and given firm commitments for buy back at the market price at a later date.Raju had a simple mechanism to play on having to push up the price  through circular trading and place it with FIIs at higher levels .having succeeded the first time around had gone for a higher price looking at placing US$ 50 million at prices of Rs. 900 and above and not anticipating unleashing of market forces at such a short notice and his dreams coming crashing down worse than a pack of cards.
The borrowing at a personal level and through investment companies was to hold the prices at higher levels with the company balance sheet and investment companies showing loans and advances all as good and recoverable though having a worse than junk bond status in ranking at this point of time. Two problems needed to be addressed and both were scary in terms of resolution one being the personal borrowings from the market at a fixed rate of return of 36% and secondly money taken from Babco which was now a virtual write off.
This was a reality to be faced and the total amount to be repaid was to the tune of Rs .50 crore and Raju was still not sure of how he was going to repay it.
As Raju had not had any assets in his balance sheet he had not taken secured loans and to that extent he was better of as assets would not be sold to repay the obligations as these were all unsecured loans on a clean risk basis.
Raju decided to look at new structuring options of giving additional shares to overcome the crisis by issuing warrants at lower prices but the lenders were not willing to accept this arrangement.
Certainly this proposal could not be put forward to the shareholders of Babco as they warrants could not be issued to Babco and Raju knew that this was an issue which needed immediate attention.
While KB had spoken about institution building and starting from basics Raju decided to make a clean breast of things and talk to KB, the mess he was in financially and how he should get out of it.
Raju called up KB and told him that while he was game for rebuilding the organistaion he would like to meet KB outside the office to discuss personal matters and the personal mess he was in having gambled with his scrip in the stock market.
KB just was aghast at the very thought of him being a director in Babco which had such a problem in hand. Immediately he said that they would meet at KB’s residence for breakfast and discuss these issues in a cool and collected manner as this seemed to be a pretty serious issue. His only question to Raju was why was this not shared earlier and Raju murmured over the cell incoherently by way of a reply.
Next day at KB’s residence over breakfast and south Indian coffee the discussion was focused on Rajus personal finances and how to resolve the same.
KB felt that there were no easy solutions and the money lenders would take him to task and he would never be able to access these resources if ever he were to default.
How do we resolve it was the question uppermost in the minds of KB and Raju.The sum to be repaid was large given the tight liquidity in the market place and the question was from whom to borrow as there was no story to tell with the scrip in tatters and the street talking about the promoter being in dire straits.
Whispers had started doing the rounds that creative accounting may have been employed and restatement of profits could well be on the cards.
Print media and the electronic media were hounding Raju for interviews soon after the news had been broken by CNBC of the shares of Babco being hit badly and even the promoter shares being auctioned to pay for margin calls.
KB felt that the only way out could be selling the company to a strategic investor and take  a control premium for parting with the stake of 30%.
Further Raju could be at the helm for a period of three years as part of the transition and exit the system. During this period Raju could be involved in streamlining the company and building the products ,processes and practices  which was anyway needed whether the strategic investor was coming in or not .
Fortunately for Raju when the company was doing well he had applied to the banks for working capital funds and long term loans.
KB felt that these funds need to be raised with the same intensity with which Raju had worked for raising equity funds.Shyam was willing to rise to the occasion and do the needful and Raju liked the initiative he was willing to take.
The money he had taken from the company would continue o be as loans and advances and good for recovery. The market funds taken had to be returned and would be through the investment company route.KB cautioned that taking the banking funds and returning the funds would be a risky proposition fraught with danger of diversion of funds for means other than meant for .But Raju had made up his mind that he would use a part of this working capital funding to keep the creditors at bay.KB again found himself between the devil and the deep blue seas.Raju as the owner again thought of short cuts to bail himself out. He assured KB that while revamping the organsiation Shyam and he would work on this loan vigorously as the working capital norms were satisfied and take a loan of Rs. 25 crore the maximum permissible under the RBI guidelines.
KB fervently hoped that the funds would not be diverted for funding the stock market losses. Time alone would tell whether this would be followed as a discipline or again Raju would succumb to the pressures and bring  a bigger hole in the balance sheet.
Raju  acknowledged to himself that he was simply weary of starting the process of looking at accounts and profits and people problems. In the intervening period old trusted hands like Dr. Naik and Salim had left while Raju was busy partying and doing road shows. The board of directors  had not met for ages and the company secretary was doing a mechanical job of filing reports  based on paper meetings.
There was a serious issue as to how the entire process need to be started all over again. revenues were falling and buying profits was not a cheap alternative as it entailed paying taxes when cash flow was  a big constraint. It was a certain case of spring cleaning needed in the organization.
Options were to fix it by himself and stop progressing the efforts on the GDR or private placement as the share price had crashed to levels which would entail a minority stake for Raju if he were to raise money at these levels. Certainly even raising Rs. 50 crore would bring his stake down to less than 25% and that would give room for  a possible take over in the market place.
The alternative was debt funds but Raju was not adept at getting such funds from the banking system.
Should KB be asked to spearhead the revamping in the organization and will KB have the time as he had become an entrepreneur in his own right with several start ups under his belt.KB now focused only on the corporate and the capital market strategy and was loosing patience with people faltering time and again and committing the same mistakes all over again or worse not learning their lessons.
KB has said in the past “ There is no harm Raju if we commit fresh mistakes but repeating the same mistakes and putting the organization and the employees future in peril virtually amounts to sacrilege”.
Trusted lieutenants like Dr. Naik ,Salim and Mary had been lost and Raju in his preoccupation had not observed the adverse impact it had on the organization. In the height of the bull run when Babco was doing well Raju was not interested in hearing any bad stories and KB was not given an opportunity to talk as it was also felt that the scrip was a currency which could be encashed any time. Tim proved him to be so wrong in coming to this conclusion.
Today he was scared to face KB and hi onslaught and Raju was running away from the truth. Even then when numbers were not being met to satisfy the street and the analysts Raju used to say “Guys let us buy profits” People like Ramesh and Shyam the only now surviving loyalists tried to caution him on this mechanism but of no avail.
The tax authorities were raising a stink on past assessments and putting forward additional demands .Raju in desperation would either postpone meeting Shyam or shout at him  little realizing that the work would not be done and he would have to face the music at a later date.
Today was one such day where Raju had to decide whether to look at internal processes and take baby steps to revive the company all over again or allow it to drift and die. Further this called for handling the existing employees with sensitivity and not deprecating their efforts .Well who should he turn for guidance and counseling?
One could look for the big four to assist in this effort but their fees would be  a bomb and Raju today did not have the wherewithal to pay it .in fact even the amount needed to pay air fare was proving to be  a problem as the company was in default mode with the creditors and all travel agencies were asking for cash upfront to book tickets air tickets for local travel.
There was only one way out of this dilemma and that was to have trusted friend KB work with him towards revving the organization. Keep the goals short and sweet and take defined small steps and have implementation as a key to success .look at employees as internal clients and see whether their individual aspirations and the organizational goals could be matched. Use KB as a capable teacher who see the big picture and translate the mission to implement able objectives and thereby reaching the basic mile stones to help the company on the road to recovery.
In the meantime the bank loan was processing well and so also the pressure was building from the stock market lenders to pay the money.Shyam worked in  a dedicated manner and got the loan sanctioned from a cooperative bank after assuring kickbacks to the manager concerned .
The amount sanctioned had been whittled down to Rs. 15 cr. and Raju was keen to make some payment. While KB and Shaym cautioned him Raju pleaded to make the payment and for the first time Shyam his friend and CFO explodes “ Raju are you mad at this stage you will have to commit suicide and there will be no one left to rebuild the company .We here are trying to help you and you think no end of yourself as an owner and treat us like slaves for the pittance you pay. Please behave yourself and KB drive some sense into this mad man. He has always said “I am the chairman and I can hire and fire people” . Tell me Raju how many good people are left with you .Please do not divert funds as you are playing with fire and may go to jail .already we have I tax demands and this will only accentuate problems. with this speech Shyam stormed off leaving Raju dumbfounded
KB consoled but  also added that whatever Shyam was saying was true and even not Raju would divert funds and KB understood where it all came from. “But Raju please understand that Shyam does not know the full picture and he feels you have always spent money on woman ,cars and an extravagant lifestyle which is not true and I know it but the world does not see it that way”KB concluded.
Next day Raju could not resist using the money to pay to the stock market lenders to get a reprieve but he had created a bigger hole and the road to rendition was not near.
After committing a crime he was asking for forgiveness and economic crimes followed one with  vengeance and not allowing you to work in peace.Raju however told himself that from now on he would clean the Augean stables and make the company a good place to work. was this to amuse himself or could it be turned to reality was something which Raju was not sure of. But he would be a businessman and want to have the privileges of being a owner but nit carry the unnecessary risks which jeopardize the future.
While the professional front was on fire the personal front was in virtual shambles.
Bertha had traveled the route to possible stardom as a wannabe actress taking bit roles and had possibly failed despite being engaged in casting couches. While Raju was building the empire bumping of aspiring models at random in parties on the basis of new found wealth and arrogance Bertha was trying her luck at Bollywood without much success.Raju was a prized catch so long as he provided the material comforts that Bertha yearned for. She did not want the tag of being a married person and hence live-in perfectly suited both giving them space and at the same time making an appropriate statement in party circles and more so in page 3 affairs.Raju was always in the background and Bertha in the front flaunting her assets and her current eye candy in public at times bordering on vulgarity. But then there was a need to be attracting attention and Bertha since her friendship with Raju had improved her figure tremendously and Raju had been besotted by her accepting every one of her demands without questioning her .Bertha led  a life of extravagance and Raju followed her like  a puppet salivating when she flaunted her vital statistics in public and jealous when men drooled in front of her. Bertha was not afraid of making bold controversial statements to the extent of being repulsive at times.
Her figure was thanks to the professional jobs done on the bosom ,nose and of course the newly acquired pouting lips and Raju had spent a bomb on the same.
Bertha was more and more demanding and in the recent past they had more spats and hardly any romance existed. Being in each others company in close intimacy just holding hands and walking down the beach was a distant dream.Raju and Bertha were like chalk and cheese and could not be more dissimilar and still aim at a chemistry which was possibly to do with physical pleasures. Bertha was always demanding her pound of flesh for the physical pleasures in terms of material comforts like expensive jewellery and designer clothes and lovely cars .Raju had started getting the feeling that he was being used and her only requirement was money and would drop him the moment he stopped doing well. The moment of reckoning had arrived.
Raju came home and Bertha was busy dressing up to compeer for  a show where she would be paid a measly Rs. 100000 but would have a late night party and lots of fun and entertainment.Raju was initially excited of these parties but had later grown tired and now stopped going for the same.
She was now dressed in  a shimmering red dress which revealed more than concealed and the cleavage was totally exposed and so was the back leaving little for imagination.
Raju almost exploded asking why she was dressed so and pat came the reply “Raju this dress was gifted by  a friend who is dear to me ad you have no right to ask how I dress or what I do for a living as this was our pact when se decided to be together. Remember dear we have always said we shall give space to each other and so let the protocol continue to be followed.”
 Bertha further added that she was keen to buy a diamond necklace and needed money for the same.Raju got upset saying that you had made an issue in the office and now again the same thing is being spoken off when he cannot afford it .
Bertha was in no mood to accept this argument and immediately with  a icy cold stare gave an ultimatum “either you buy this necklace or we part company as I would not like to stay with  a pauper.” Raju with burning rage just replied “fuck off” and stormed off the house really feeling bad that woman were only for money and not for feelings and during bad periods such woman do not stand by you.
This was the end of their relationship and when Raju came back Bertha had departed leaving a rather crisp note saying not to look for her as she had gone for ever.
Raju felt relieved as though some weight had gone off his back and was in celebration mood in spite of having had a relationship going sour.
Raju was suddenly remembering the dignified poise of Mary and how much he missed her during these moments. He was at fault having allowed the relationship to wither by the way side on seeing a model and wannabe actress and getting carried away by them. How he repented his act
The question was in this dark hour how would he track Mary as he had not had the time to say good bye when she left. How would she be feeling. Would she see him as a  selfish person wanting her back when the chips were down.
Surely Raju had to start all over again rebuilding the company and going the right way round with KBs help to create a global corporation.
Was he dreaming and building castles in the air and would he get the people to back him yet again in his endeavour.Raju had no choice but to restart the journey and India continued to be an incredible destination with the economic growth continuing at a rapid pace.
It had been said there are no second chances but possibly Raju would be able to get one if he played his cards right and took his people along.
Another story another day in the meantime he would search for Mary!
Mary had been a true professional and his chemistry with her was beautiful both professionally and personally. A lady of high ethics would not be entertaining frivolous relationship even on the personal front and was indeed a throughbred,many a time Raju had expressed to KB “My friend all pain no gain on the personal front though people say there is a torrid affair going on between us.”
KB equally would respond with a wily repartee “why do you fish when you have  a lotus right besides you.” This leg pulling continued till Bertha came and spoilt the party and the light hearted banter went out and Raju moved in  a different society a page three crowd which did not appeal either to KB or Mary. On the professional front Mary always felt that Raju needed to be balanced and more knowledgeable and impartial which he was not and swayed depending on situations and events.Raju never one to give complements to Mary easily in public was not generous even in rewards and reinforcements and this irked a lot but then she would voice it politely to KB and leave it there .Never one to press home her point or seek undue favours.
Mary went out of the organsiation unsung, unheard and unrewarded for her performance in putting Babco in the global markets. The new replacement was a patch on Mary.
Raju was not able to comprehend why or how he had behaved in such a fashion as even not having the time to meet her. In such times Mary was an ideal anchor never given to throwing tantrums when the chips are down. Raju felt her absence all the more.
KB sauntered into his room and Raju asked him”KB how do we locate Mary and get her back”KB replied “Raju I was waiting for this day and I hope for your sake it is not too late.”
“What do you mean KB, is she seeing someone or getting married?” Raju was choking with emotion.
KB in a dignified voice replied  “ Raju be clear she waited for you as no woman would and was a silent sufferer and you did not have time even to ask her whether she was doing well and more so even when she was leaving you were busy partying with the babes. And pray why are you upset now? She is in Canada, seeing  an IT professional and doing well for herself. She is in touch with me and please do not be indignant as you Raju do not deserve her. ” After saying so KB stormed out of the room very unlike him and somehow Raju heaved a sigh of relief .There was a faint glimmer of hope that he could get Mary back.
Mary had left only after she was frustrated with the state of affairs after Babco had grown in size randomly with no game plan for the global markets. In her own way she had chalked out plans of capturing the middle east with KB’s help and successfully penetrated the gulf markets.Salim as the COO was not of great help and it had been a highly unrewarding experience as she would get the contracts but the delivery was an issue. Production was a bottleneck and this caused immense quality and delivery problems.Salim only showed concern but could not give the production on time from the factory. Mary tried to reach out to Raju but he had no time those days telling her not to disturb him and take the initiative forward in consultation with KB.The US markets were tough to crack and Mary after test marketing was not inclined to move to this market. This was more so because these quality conscious markets had a tendency to blacklist once there was default in deliveries or in quality and Mary was not inclined to risk it.
KB did give guidance but the plans could not materialize as the expenses were not approved for extensive traveling in the overseas markets.Raju had still maintained controls over signing of checks-an owner trait and he had not approved of a huge set up and incurring expenses on foreign travel. Though it was not explicitly stated by him and being fully aware Mary was cost conscious still the approvals were slow and painful and this did not suit Mary’s temperament. Many a time she expressed her frustration to KB and told him that Raju should either have 100% trust in employees and once have given a decision stick with it or clearly state that he is not interested in expanding geographies. “KB Raju cannot ask me to run a marathon with my hands and legs tied ” Mary would at time say in frustration and exasperation and KB would nod his head sympathetically.
A meeting with Raju was either postponed or of very short duration with no decisions and Mary by now had reached  a point of  throwing in the towel as Raju was more interested in manipulating the shares than concentrating on the core business.
She did not approve  of Raju’s business practices and although she sought several appointments Raju never had time for her. Mary had  come across good firms in gulf in the Dubai Internet City who were looking for  a Training Director and willing to pay a handsome salary.
Many  a times Mary felt that Raju had been unkind to her and the salary that was paid to her was a pittance compared to the market value she commanded.Raju even though he professed to have  a soft corner for her never really had done a proper appraisal in so many years and given her a  fair deal. It was only on KBs prodding she even got an increment or  a promotion.Raju’s famous refrain “ Mary people feel I am close to you so I do not want to be seen as favouring you and give you handsome increments and bonuses.” This was a warped logic which possibly even Raju did not understand but stated with great pride and it continued for years as Raju liked to haggle on money no matter how close the person was to him as between money and relationship for him always money mattered. This had always hurt Mary but then she also knew that Raju would not change easily. But then the affection she had for Raju and the Babco all over ruled a thought for any switch as offers kept coming her way both domestic and globally .However when she wanted to meet Raju and could not do so on several occasions in  a casual chat with KB he made a profound impact with  a remark  “ Mary please be clear on your personal choices and professional compulsions and do not confuse the two. Indian Owners very rarely appreciate knowledge capital and you should exercise your choice option keeping your professional career in view”. Mary immediately decided that the time had come for her to quit as she was convinced at the logic and marveled at KB for his clarity of thought.
She sent the resignation to Raju hoping he would call her for an exit interview. Mary was hoping against hope that when she met him he would ask her to stay on.Raju never found time during the one month notice period to call her even once and she left a disappointed and dejected person upset more with Raju’s selfish behaviour or so she perceived. The job offer in a  BPO’s training center as a Training Director in Dubai was awaiting her and Mary reluctantly packed her bags and said goodbye to KB and reached Dubai.
KB though had told her “One day Raju would miss you soon or so I have  a premonition and he will talk to you and will be his charming best and want you back. So Mary, take this as a welcome break and see the world and wiser with experience you will return to Babco”.Mary thanked him for his unstinted support and told him that if there was ever a mentor to her it was and would only be KB.
Raju reminisced how he had not treated Mary well and opening the channels of communication would be a delicate issue. Given the state of the company he needed a loyal and trustworthy person and he would not make the same mistake as in the past of not having time for senior professionals in the company. Moreover he would take back Mary as a director in the company and transfer all check signing powers to her as she was more trustworthy than him even from an organization point of view and would steer the ship well in terms of financial matters.KB had expressed full confidence in Mary and Raju knew that KB analysed people and their competencies better than him. He had other headaches to tackle and look at settling market issues in terms of personal leveraging and share price movements and Mary would be the ideal foil in his armory to ward off a hostile take over. 
As this though was giving him a lot to cheer the CNBC screen indicated that the market had tanked by a further 800 points and Babco had crashed to Rs. 50.Raju felt like breaking the TV set and killing all the guys who were making selling his stock. The total volume of Babco was just 2000 shares and he knew that his stock market game had come to an end .With this he could safely forget the dreams of raising US$ 50 million and also of becoming a billionaire at least for the next couple of years. Greed was now replaced by fear and his mind refused to look at the markets and what he had done in terms of creative accounting and entries to create fictitious assets and profits.
Shyam his childhood friend and CFO had always cautioned him of the perils of creative accounting but then Raju dismissively used to tell him”Shyam you guys do not know how to take risks and do business and you will only be  a bean counter and  a professional never an entrepreneur.” 
Today Raju had no words to utter and forced to eat humble pie as an owner thoroughly demoralized and demotivated.in such circumstances he had no choice but to rebuild the institution brick by brick .What had taken him ages to build had blown away in  a matter of weeks and his market capitalization less than Rs. 50 crore and irrelevant in the scheme of things.
As KB had rightly stated he had to restate profits and involve himself in institution building with KB leading the charge. Yes a gigantic task but then did he have an option. the question was not when he would do it but did he have the will power to revive the company in the next six months.
Raju decided that he would build the company all over again after getting Mary back and ensuring that this time he does not loose people and of course he would have KB to mentor and coach the organsiation to greater heights! Making it big through generation of cash flows would not be  a dream but  a reality and he would build a war chest to fund future acquisitions. No more of talking .Let his work speak for himself and so saying he felt  a lot better.
After having gone home early in a long  time he started thinking of how he should take charge of the company.
The idea that was taking roots was to have KB as the interim CEO and persuade KB to find a successor in a short period of time.Shyam would be the CFO of the company and Ramesh would be the Director marketing and sales and Mary would come back Director Corporate affairs.
He would run this list through KB and seek his in principle approval before embarking on a complete make over of the organsiation.ceratinly he had to bat differently this time and instead of not having time for internal matters making it a habit to be with his gang of loyalists at least once in a week. So thinking without his knowing Raju went to sleep and for the first time the loneliness in the house was not felt by him being too tired to think of even having food and slept peacefully like a child.
Raju started of saying “KB I want to step down and you take over as interim CEO and groom a successor in the next one year as I know you would not have the time to run the ship with so many of your other ventures last count being a dozen needing your attention. And KB we can have  a separate compensation for you in this regard and I shall seek approval from the  board for the same and they shall surely accede to my request.Raju further proposed the other changes. after giving a patient hearing here is what KB had to say magnanimously and grace personified “Firstly Raju thank you for the offer and secondly with humility I decline the offer. My reasons are simple.Raju let us have you at the helm as people should not think you are running away from reality. Let us strengthen the board of Directors and you will be the Chairman and I shall be an independent director but we shall add more eminent directors .Further it should be  a functioning board and should have actual meetings where the top executives present to the board and also hear the board of directors viewpoint and we have an Action taken. Report (ATR) which will be tabled in each board meeting. this will essentially indicate how well we have executed the decisions taken. The gap between knowing to doing needs to be bridge d and we should be facilitators for bridging the gap .Our role should be strategic and gate keeping in the sense of looking at customer interface and taking care of internal clients namely employees .”
Raju after hearing it was excited and said “KB I am all for it and let us implement it.”
KB replied “Raju I have still not finished with my recommendations and I propose that we elevate Ramesh to the post of CEO and get back Mary as Director Corporate affairs where she will oversee the newly aligned businesses more on the strategy side and have Shyam as the CFO.”
The two of us shall complement these youngsters  in their vision 2010 to take the organization to the next level. Let us give them equity stakes in the company by way of stock options and hand over the baton the new younger generation. Visioning and strategizing organic and inorganic growth coupled with resources mobilistaion should be our role play while operations and tactics should be left to the CEO and his team.
Now please call Mary and talk to her as she is awaiting your call and let us then celebrate the birth of  a new company under new stronger younger hands.
Raju just looked at his friend and mentor for so many years and smiled at him which said it all.
His friend as usual had thought through the game plan which would take the company forward with professionals calling the shots in the new millennium making Incredible India a reality. 
