











The Undesirables
by Lumen Reese


Copyright © 2020 by Lumen Reese
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced without permission.
Certain copyrighted works are referenced within, mentioned in good faith in accordance with the fair use doctrine.
The Undesirables is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental.
 
Author’s note:
This book is dedicated to my family and friends, and to anyone who could be considered ‘Undesirable’.
It is also dedicated to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos:
Fuck that guy.
The Undesirables is continued in the Romani Trilogy.

ISBN: 978-1-952373-02-2 (ebook)
Book cover design by Hadi Hasan (Hadihasan0098 at Fiver.com)

Also by Lumen Reese:
Heart Dust
Monarch Falls (The Four Quarters of Imagination: Book One)
The Undesirables
Romani







“I know the night is not the same as the day: that all things are different, that the things of the night cannot be explained in the day, because they do not then exist, and the night can be a dreadful time for lonely people once their loneliness has started.”

-Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms.







Chapter One





I don't want to die.
It was the first thought through my mind as I saw the short man stepping through the front door. There in the lobby, a few women of different ages, all white, waited to send out messages, either to neighboring towns or overseas. I sat on the end of one row of telegraphs, tapping Morse Code to Langdon, a factory town thirty miles south along the mountains, who had requested additional troops from the barracks in my town of Marquet. My pen scribbled away in shorthand, while I glanced to my right, to the other six women lined up, pretty and smartly dressed, and clicking and writing, just like me. They were at ease, no reason to worry.
Any number of things could have gone differently. I could have slept in, ten minutes more in my lover's arms, and missed the morning's first train back into town. I could have, upon being the first woman to arrive at the Communications Office that morning, chosen the other end of the row, and been more hidden from plain sight. Sterling Stratus, the mayor of the town Pine Hills down the mountain, could have chosen to enter through the back door, or he could have had his nose in a book as he walked, like I had seen him do before.
I could have been hit by a truck that morning, and broken half the bones in my body, and spent that day in life-saving surgery getting my insides felt-up by a medical intern who still had baby fat. That would have been preferable.
But I was me, so naturally I had woken early and caught my train, and went home and showered and dressed in fresh clothes and put on makeup and arrived early for work and claimed the most visible seat, begging the world, look at me, look at me! And Mr. Stratus was himself, and not a very handsome man, could maybe be just-past-sixty but succumb to facial creases and crevices beyond his years, so surely he would remember beautiful me smiling at him as he walked by on the streets of Pine Hills several days before, where I was not supposed to be, accompanied by someone I was not supposed to be with.
Heart hammering, I made sure my pen did not stop moving, my finger still worrying at the steady pulse of my machine. Sterling Stratus was coming closer, and I watched without watching until he stopped in place. And I knew he was looking at me with his sunken eyes.
Maybe he doesn't remember me, I thought, even as I knew how preposterous that was. Me, with my blonde waves of hair on my porcelain skin, smiling at an ugly, little man like him. Of course he remembered. A cruel thought, but a true one. It had been stupid to draw attention to myself, but I loved how daring it made me feel. And nobody ever smiled at Mayor Stratus, certainly not beautiful women, and I had thought it would brighten his day. People, when they acknowledged him, would give terse nods. He did his job, and did it well. Kept the mines and the town running smoothly. But everyone warned to keep away. Everyone knew there were stories, though getting your hands on one was not so easy. Small towns kept their secrets to themselves, even those which belonged to people whom they swore deserved no such allegiance.
After one full second, he had been watching me too long for me not to look up. I forced a smile and nod, then turned back to my station.
It spurred the mayor to move once again, walking through the rows of women scribbling and tapping at their machines. He was headed to the back, to Fat Wilhelm's office, which I could see through open blinds. The exchange had not gone unnoticed; all the other women in my row had turned in their seats to watch me. Some only looked confused. Others smiled. And women -bless them- are crafty. Were those mocking, catty little grins, because the office show-off, too pretty for her own good, had caught the attention of the sociopathic owner of that dirty little coal mine? Or were those smirks playful? The rich mayor from Pine Hills had his eye on you! He's not handsome, but he probably won’t live much longer!
I often found it difficult to read people. And in my position, I often found reading people to be a useful skill. Even a necessity. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that people in my field have lost their lives for want of a better internal atlas of the human face; or a better internal encyclopedia of the human condition. And for all of my vanity, I was a person who knew my faults, so when I started in my line of work I took it upon myself to study up where I was lacking. Sometimes it was consulting psychologists, other times it was just sitting and watching people from a distance. The face did certain things, to show the whole world about you, whether you wanted it to or not; not unlike a serial killer who somewhat wanted to be caught, leaving clues and keeping trophies that would be her ultimate downfall.
Yes, I imagine a female serial killer; rarer and inherently more interesting that her male counterparts. When I was a child I imagined I might be an assassin.
I didn't see malice, on Sterling Stratus's face as he sat himself across from Fat Wilhelm Martin. Neither a pulled-together brow, nor flared nostrils. But those were only the most obvious signs of foul intent, and what I didn't see in people could fill a book. First chapter: Good Will, Humanity, and Other Staples of the Soul.
Seconds must have passed but with the beeping in my headset, I couldn't count them. Not by the frantic pace of my heart, either. The clock was on the wall behind me. I couldn't turn to look at it without drawing too much attention.
When the door to Fat Wilhelm's office opened, I straightened too fast and my neck cricked.
“Maren?”
Oh no.
“Yes?”
“Join me in my office, please.”
I can smell the sauerkraut on your breath from here.
“Certainly, Sir,” I said, and stood, brushing off my skirt as it rustled tightly on my thighs with each step. My jacket with its double-breast and squared shoulders was next. A pea green suit that set my skin off. If I was going to die, I was going to face it head-on and looking neat.
But when the door to that office shut behind me, the fear reared its head again, and my right hand at my side spasmed with it. I tucked it behind my back and put on a dimpled smile.
“Sir?”
Sterling Stratus had stood as I entered, and now gestured to his vacated chair opposite my employer. “Please.”
“Thank you.” I took the seat, and tucked my heels neatly underneath, my hands knotted around each other in my lap.
“Maren Abernathy, I'm told you know Mr. Stratus.”
“Sterling, please,” the small man said, offering his hand pleasantly enough. I shook it, though I felt like I had left my body. The whole time I was thinking that he gave me the seat so that he could look down on me, look down on someone who looked like me, for once in his sad life.
“Do I know you, Sir?”
I don't want to die. Life is beautiful; air is sweet.
“Uh, no, I don't believe so. Wilhelm misspoke. It's me who knows you, actually.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, I've seen you in Pine Hills. You were volunteering at our orphanage, maybe a week ago? I saw you with a girl. That was you, wasn't it?”
A girl, I thought. He looks like a toad, but he’s a viper.
“Oh!” I exhaled. “You know my secret.”
“Yes, it seems so.”
I didn't need to listen closely for the warning his words carried. 
Fat Wilhelm raised an eyebrow at me. “Do you often travel down the mountain, Maren?”
“Not so often. I am a very busy woman, so I can't help as much as I'd like to.”
I could feel my body coming down slowly from the terror of certain death. Saved. Thrown a life-preserver. Going down the mountain wasn't illegal, strictly speaking. Though if you went there very often, suspicions would be raised, so I made a point of doing something charitable down there at least once a week. If Mr. Stratus -for whatever reason- didn't want to shed light on the illegal activities I had been conducting, just as well. Could kindness be his reason? No. Surely not.
When the time came, he would name his price.
I gave the mayor another casual smile, while trying to issue a warning that I wouldn't be fooled. That whatever game he was playing, he was out of his mind to try it on with me.
Wilhelm said, “Well I hope you're careful when you do go. No offense to Mr. Stratus, but there are some hard sorts down there.”
“I don't find them so terrifying,” Stratus said. “But then, maybe I'm just braver than you, Wilhelm.” The ghost of a smile showed crooked teeth. My employer smiled back, then flattened out and folded sausage fingers over a file on his desk.
“Maren, did you know we were looking to move one of you girls into the back room?”
My heart fluttered. “Oh? -I mean, yes, yes, there have been some rumors.”
More than rumors. And I had done more than just listen.
“Right. Well we've had a few problems with our sorting process, looking for who to promote.”
I knew that too, of course. I had seen to three of those four problems myself. And the fourth had been in the planning stages when happenstance occurred, and Number Four had bedded the wrong superior. It could mark the first time a girl screwed herself out of a job, in Marquet. The first two, simple rumors had done the trick. For the third, contraband. Nothing too serious, the girl came back to work after a day of interrogation. She had looked distant, the way that people look after something comes along and disturbs their crafted lives. Who knows if they did something to her, or if it was just that shock, that reminder that she is helpless.
I recognized my guilt and my pity for her, but locked it away in its rightful box.
My boss went on. “We looked at our senior employees first, but none of them presented safe choices, upon closer inspection. You transferred to us only ten months ago, but before that-,” he flipped the cover of the file on his desk, and I realized it had to be mine. “-You worked twelve years in our London office, with an exemplary record. And, don't think that we hadn't noticed your dedication here. First one in, most days, always eager to help your fellow ladies, or your superior officers. You were to be one of our top choices, for the next round of vetting. But Mr. Stratus made a suggestion of your consideration for the job, and I think that your consistency makes you perfect for it. It's yours if you want it.”
I beamed, and some of it was genuine. A mix of relief and gratification, so strong it was almost sexual. “Thank you, Sir!” I had found my feet and was shaking his sweaty hand, next I knew. “I'm so glad that my work has pleased you, I do take a lot of pride in it.”
“I can tell. I'll be sad not to see your smiling face around my office anymore.”
“You know I feel the same, but I'll be just down the hall.” I turned to Stratus. “And thank you, Sir.”
“Sterling, please. You'll be seeing me some, I have weekly transmissions to Munich, which I haven't been able to make for some time, now.”
Wilhelm said, “We'll be playing catch-up for days, I'm afraid. Can you come in tomorrow, Stratus? Get started on the backlog?”
“I can.”
“We'll chip away at them, as your schedule permits.”
“A nice day to you.”
“And to you. And Heil mein Führer!” He stuck his right arm out, with his hand extended, wearing his most serious expression. He made a mockery of the thing without even meaning to.
Sterling's response was underwhelming. “Yes, hail the Führer,” he said, saluting without looking back as he collected his books and papers under one arm and turned away.
But I turned to face the east wall, where a large portrait of Adolf Hitler was hung directly in the center. He was the leader of the Nazi party, and so the ruler of Germany and its provinces. Which included our humble little town of Marquet in the Rocky Mountains.
And still beaming, I gave my best salute, and called, “Hail the Führer!”
And God bless England.
Sterling Stratus stopped just outside the door and cast a glance back at me. His eyes ran over me and I felt thoroughly dissected, and the sensation of vulnerability, I realized, had fallen out of fashion with me. 







Chapter Two





I'm not going to catch that train, I thought, standing at the checkout line of a liquor store with a bottle of champagne in one hand. The shop was a bit out of my way, but its side window offered a nice view of the rusty, graffitied train waiting at the station. That train could run all up and down the mountain range in a day, with a stop at each station, at each hub and each sleepy little town on the way. As it was it made the trip between Marquet and Pine Hills twice in the mornings, once at the crack of dawn, to bring up the previous day's coal -and criminals like myself sneaking back after a night of sordid activities- and once to bring passengers working or otherwise conducting business, that day. Any travel beyond our two towns would need to be investigated and approved by the travel agents in Marquet.
I was watching the train before its five  o'clock departure, to return those who came into the city to work. A scant handful. But I wasn't going to board that train, oh no. Two nights in a row, that was obvious, dangerous, clingy.
I am not going to board that train.
But my bottle of champagne called me a liar, and my pocket watch whispered to hurry, and I said, “Keep the change,” and stuck the bottle under one arm and hurried for the door. Across the street and through the empty line I dashed, and with a year's pass I was allowed on by a grinning, German conductor with a cleft in his chin that would have stolen a lesser woman's heart.
“One of these days,” he said, “You're gonna tell me what you do in Pine Hills, Miss.”
“One of these days,” I teased. “But only if you guess it, which you won't.”
He shut and latched the door with a grunt, then put on a thoughtful expression. “You've got a boyfriend down there, it's gotta be.”
“No,” I said, which was what he wanted to hear, but it was the truth, too. “And the mystery continues. Now go drive the train, Daniel.”
“Yes Ma'am.”
I took my seat across from a girl I knew, Austen, whose father had been a coal miner, and whose mother had been a coal miner. She was brunette, and round-faced, with no chin, looking a bit too innocent for her age. She waited tables in Marquet, and had told me once that she dreamed of seeing London. I had told her she just might, but I had left out that I and many others had designs to make it possible. I had also left out that even accounting for the downfall of the Nazi's, the odds of her succeeding were slim to none.
The common people's capacity for hope is our greatest weapon, I thought, returning Austen's smile.
“What do you have there?”
“Oh! Champagne,” I said only, because the girl I sometimes chatted with on the train did not need to know what I did for a living or that I had been promoted.
“Celebrating?”
“Yes...” I maintained a smile.
“I've never tasted champagne before... is it good?”
“It is. You should definitely try some, when you get to London, or Paris.”
She put on a smile and looked away, and didn't speak again.
In a few minutes we had descended down the mountain, and Pine Hills came into view. There were no pine trees in Pine Hills. Like the surrounding miles of terrain they had mostly been logged years ago apart from a small ring of foliage around the pond outside the west end of town, not far from the mine. Most of the land was hard and barren looking, and from above, the town looked the same. A few hundred small, squat hovels haphazardly strewn around. One larger house -along the outskirts of the others as if it knew that its second story and brick walls made it stand out- belonged to the mayor, Sterling Stratus.
Maybe, the thought drifted to the surface from some dark place, I'll pay him a visit tonight. Collect a knife on the way and put a sharp end to whatever devices he has regarding me.
But the idea was not a serious one. Knives were easy to acquire, and objectively speaking they were easy to use, but the actual act of wielding one would be foreign to me. Knives were not my weapons. Weapons, in fact, were not my weapons.
Were he any other man, I might put on lipstick and undo a button on my shirt and pay him a visit, indeed. Get him flustered and get him talking. I could handle myself around normal men, could lead a conversation the way I wanted it to go, most days. But men that people whispered about were not to be played with; they weren't playing the same game that the rest of us were playing. Sterling Stratus did not seem deranged to me, but probably that only made him more dangerous.
As the train pulled into the station, though, my mind left grimmer subjects and my heart was fluttering once again. I was the first one to step off onto the hard dirt, and started at a trot into the thick of buildings, turning perpendicular down Main Street.
Work had already let out for the miners. They started their shifts early, and put in long hours, and after that bell rang, you could find most of them at the bar. A lantern hung from above the door, like a beacon in the dusk.
Come waste the night. Risk your life.
My chest felt full as I tugged open the door, that didn't sit quite right in the frame. All eyes crowded around crude, mismatching tables turned to me. Half of them only spared a glance, but others lingered, reminding me that I didn't belong.
You're getting too used to this.
But I didn't care. It wasn't so dangerous, really. If I hadn't run into the mayor that day, no one from the world above would have been any the wiser, eight months into my semi-weekly visits to Pine Hills. The miners kept their secrets, and they kept mine, though not for my sake.
Beatrix was a well-shaped brunette head sitting among her crew, but stood the second my eyes found her, and there was a pursed smile on her face as she approached me with a glass of dark alcohol in one hand.
Her words were hard but her tone didn't match. “Two nights in a row? Are you crazy?”
“We're celebrating,” I answered, lifting the bottle of champagne.
Beatrix grinned, but reached out and shoved the bottle back down, turning to look around the room. “You're not supposed to bring your own booze, here.”
“Maggie won't notice,” I said.
Maggie was a surly, gray-haired woman tending the bar. She was blind, but knew every different bottle and tap by feeling alone. Maybe seventy, and maybe the oldest person in the town, but still working to serve the miners every night except Sundays.
Beatrix only needed to set her glass down on the table in the corner, where a single man with shaggy brown hair was sitting alone. He looked up, defensive at first, but then his mousy face smoothed, he even smiled a bit.
“Alright, alright. Don't mind me.” He kicked his feet off of the opposite chair and stood, one hand tucked in the pocket of his coveralls.
“Thank you, Andrew. Why don't you go sit with the ladies? Or Cliff and Scooter both turned seventeen this month, they're shipping out tomorrow, and they're having a send-off.”
“No ladies in this bar, Bea,” the man named Andrew said, but then his dark eyes landed on me. “Except for yours, of course.” Then, with his drink in one hand, he brought the other up and I saw his hand hadn't been tucked into his pocket, because it was not there; his arm had been amputated above the wrist. He tapped the stump on the brim of his cap, saying to me, “Ma'am.”
I stifled my shock. Beatrix, grinning, gave him a shove as he ducked away toward the other miners. Then she pulled out my chair for me, and we sat down.
“Don't mind Andrew. He's not very good at making friends.”
“I see that,” I replied, watching as the man -who was probably thirty, appeared to be in good shape apart from his lopped off hand, and wasn't ugly- took a seat at the back of the crowd, and hardly anyone paid him any mind. “But why?”
“He's the only man like him around, and he's gone through more than a few girlfriends. All of these women saw their brothers and sons shipped off when they turned seventeen. Or if they were already adults, then they were sent away when the barracks were first set up. -Thirteen years ago? And haven't seen them since. Not Andrew Stratus.”
“Andrew Stratus? He's the mayor's son?”
“Yes. And losing his hand as a boy still wouldn't have gotten him out of his mandatory twenty years of service. Maggie's son was born blind like her, and he was still sent off.”
“Really?”
“Really. The Nazi's need cleaners and cooks, too, not only soldiers. Andrew still would have had to serve his twenty years, if he weren't the mayor's son. The only other man around over the age of eighteen, younger than about sixty is Tony Rook, the foreman, and he's slow.”
“Right.” Tony was with the ladies, not a big man, not a broad man, not a smart man. “Why is he the foreman, not one of you?”
“Old friend of the Stratus family.”
“I see. Open this for me?” I offered the bottle of champagne. I was perfectly capable of opening it myself, really, but Beatrix had her coveralls half-off, the top bunched around her waist, and the white shirt she wore underneath had no sleeves. And I loved to see her muscular arms put to a task.
“Wait until we leave. Just let me finish my drink, and we'll go.”
“Alright.”
“And what are we celebrating?”
I took a moment to savor the anticipation, smiling.
Beatrix was impatient. “What?”
“I got a promotion, today. To the back room. International Communications. I'll have access to just about anything, before long.”
She looked breathless, mumbling, “Great. That's fantastic, Maren,” and reached out suddenly across the table to cup my face, starting to pull me in. And I went willingly, sparing a wistful thought of my blonde hair under her sooty fingers but focused mostly on her lips. But she stopped halfway, and only gave me an little affectionate squeeze. “How did this happen? I thought the promotion was far-off, still.”
“It was. But between the backlog of work, the other prospects I sabotaged and the recommendation I received today, my supervisor thought I was a safe bet.”
“Recommendation?”
I licked my lips. “Sterling Stratus was in the office, and he spotted me, then spun a lie to my supervisor about how he knew me. And he suggested they give me the position.”
Beatrix was lost for words, her pretty  mouth agape, her brown eyes narrowed. “I told you,” she finally hissed, “I said that you shouldn't be seen out on the streets -or anywhere- with me, and you drew attention to yourself when he saw us.”
“It's alright. He's keeping our secret, for whatever reason. Maybe he just isn't as terrible as you all think.”
Her expression told me she was doubtful.
I asked, “What is it, then? I'm going to be working with this man, starting tomorrow, and he has me at a disadvantage, and I don't like that. So why don't you tell me why he worries you all so much?”
She pressed her lips into a straight line; stone-walling.
“Haven't I given enough to you people?” I murmured. “Any one of you could wire up to Marquet -one anonymous message- and I would be interrogated, or maybe dead. But you can't trust me with a little gossip, or you'll -what? Lose your standing in the club?”
Beatrix scoffed, and finished her drink. “You just come down here because you like how dangerous it is.”
“Oh! Is that why?”
I was glowering, and then she was smiling. “...Maybe not just.”
“But you still won't tell me?”
“...You should stop coming down here.”
“You should make me.”
Beatrix smirked and shook her head, and said nothing.
*
Her house was ugly, but her bed was warm. Taking up a significant space in the single room dwelling, it was pushed back against the east window. Moonlight spilled on us nestled under the white goose-down quilt, and on Beatrix's brown hair, a tousled mess. She was tracing a fingertip on the back of my hand in between us, just staring at the rivers under my milky skin, not meeting my eyes.
“Andrew Stratus lost that hand in an accident, thirteen years ago. It was crushed in some machinery, down in the mines. He said -and he only said it maybe once, but you know how fast word gets around- that his father forced his hand into the gears. It mangled him so badly that they had to amputate it. He said his father was fine one minute, and went crazy the next. Andrew won't talk about it, now, though. He mostly stays away from his father.”
The tip of her finger suddenly felt like it was slicing through my skin, and I yanked my hand away, rubbing it absently. “His own son? My parents never even spanked me.”
“That's not all. Andrew's mother died a few days before that. She was young and healthy… Nobody talks about it.”
“God...”
“You don't believe in God, Maren.”
“Gosh...”
I could make out her smile in the moonlight. “Are you scared to work with him, now?”
“No,” I said, without bothering to consider whether I really was or not. “Whatever his ideas about me, it's nothing I can't handle.”
The bottle of champagne was half-empty on the nightstand, but I no longer felt like celebrating. I reached out and intertwined our hands, and scooted closer to Beatrix's strong and square figure, covered by a thin sheet.
“I finally know. And all I had to do was get you liquored up and take you to bed. I wonder why it didn't work the last dozen times.”
“You know what you are?”
“Hm?”
She propped herself up on one elbow, her head on her palm. “A shiksa.”
Sometimes Beatrix used words I had never heard before, when we were alone together. I had learned that I wasn't supposed to ask, and she wasn't going to tell. “I don't know what that is, but I'll assume it's complimentary.”
“Go ahead and assume that.”
I smiled and tugged her arm out from under her, making her crash down to my level among the pillows with a happy squeal. “Does Mother Packard know about me, yet?”
“Mom doesn't even know about me. If I tell her now I'm involved with a woman, who's also a shiksa, she might fall down dead. Then dad would have to move in with me, because he can't take care of himself, and Ross will never come back from Berlin if he can help it. You don't want that, do you?”
“How long does your brother have left?”
“About nine years.”
“That's not long at all,” I said. Ross and Beatrix were fraternal twins, she had told me once. He was the older, by about ten minutes.
“Nine years is a long time to wait. And eleven years is a long time to have already waited. Put them together and it'll be twenty years since I last saw my brother. We get a letter every few months, but that doesn't tell us much; only that he's proud of what he's doing, and close to a promotion. And if he gets it, we might never see him again. I wonder most about the simplest things. How does he take his coffee? Does he have a beard? Is he sweet on any of the girls around the base, or could he be gay, like me? -There's a higher chance, if one twin is, did you know that? He never had a girlfriend before he left, but I don't think he ever had a boyfriend either.”
I said nothing, but a part of me was hoping that I would get to meet her brother. That I would still be around, in nine years, or that she would have gone home to England with me, by then.
Beatrix said, as if she was reading my mind, “I hope you get to meet him.”
“Me too.”
“And I'd like to meet your sister, someday.”
“Me too.”







Chapter Three





The eyes of all my former coworkers turned to me as I stepped through the front door, and headed past the waiting area. I was lucky it was Thursday; my plum suit always made me feel powerful. Only a few had smiles for me, while others were wondering and appraising.
Her?
Half of them probably didn't know my name. I tried to keep my head down and my nose clean, among the ladies. I crossed the length of the main room, waving to Wilhelm as I skirted around his office and started down the narrow hallway there. The door to the back room, International communications, was open, and a man in a suit was waiting there, with a rugged face that did not match his dapper clothes. He had a hoarse, German voice as he introduced himself, shook my hand and said, “Good morning, Maren, it's nice to meet you. I'm Gotthard Knellar, I'll be your supervisor. I'm going to monitor you today, maybe tomorrow, then once you know your duties, I'll be in and out during the week, to bring in reports.”
“Very good, Sir.”
The room was artificially lit, and a single mainframe in the center was the focus. A world map, multi-colored, wrapped around three sides. I sat in my chair and Knellar leaned down over me.
“See, here, you patch into the lines of dispatchers, worldwide. Today we are focusing on catching up on transmissions to Berlin.”
He lifted the top box of three stacked beside my station, and searched inside until he found a thick file.
“In the major hubs, they have more stations and more operators than they could ever need, so signal, wait for a response, there should always be someone there to receive your transmissions before long.”
“I remember, Sir,” I said gently. “I worked in the London office for twelve years, before I came here. It was always a mad house.”
“You worked in London for twelve years? And transferred here?” He couldn't seem to hold back the wheezing chuckle that broke out of his throat. “Alright, then. Let's begin.”
I plugged in my station's wire to the circuit labeled 'Berlin' on the top row, among the primary transmission destinations like London, Rome, Paris, Moscow and Munich. A short response of 'Go' answered back immediately. Berlin was the military center of the world, and so the messages I was copying off of the neatly written sheet were stock lists of food, weapons and other military supplies, a toll of soldiers located at the base here in Marquet, civilian count, the count from Pine Hills and the other Rocky Mountain towns as well. The numbers were taken weekly, and meant to be transmitted weekly, and so the backlog was repetitious. Week one, week two, week three, inputting each category row by row for the first month's backlog.
Telephone could have been used for more ease of communication, but Morse Code is not taught to the masses, and adds a layer of protection against spies, apart from exceptional ones like myself.
Knellar was sitting a few feet away, watching, and his silence was what made the room tense.
For an hour, I plugged away at the stack of papers. I got through the supplies and populations, then moved onto another sheet and blinked when the neat words seemed to be jumbled.
“Sir?”
Knellar stood and took two steps and closed the gap. “Those are coded messages, neither you nor the person receiving your transmissions should know what they mean. You need only indicate that sensitive information is forthcoming, then transmit the writing exactly as it is presented to you. On the other end, they'll find who they're meant to and serve their purpose. Take special care with these, Maren, and then straight into the discard pile, always.”
“Yes, Sir. I understand.” I had seen nothing like it in the local communications. It piqued my interest, a challenge to be conquered.
I tapped out a short warning of: coded information to follow, and then waited several long seconds for the response.
Continue.
The code of dots and dashes, if translated using the International system, would be mush. The American Code, just the same. I translated them in my mind as I tapped at my machine, and in the American system, the recurring first line of each day resembled more closely a few random words, Latin roots or suffixes, and the like. And those, I committed to memory over an hour. A short sentence, it had to be five words.
With Knellar peering over my shoulder, I tried not to focus too long on one line, moving on as fast as my fingers could tap them out, letter by letter. And so on I went, transmitting jumbles of nonsense until I had finished the second page, and found similar entries below it, with the date of one week later. I entered the date first, from a month ago, and waited a few seconds. I imagined a pair of manicured hands shuffling papers.
Continue, the nameless, faceless being in Berlin replied.
Scanning the rows of neat script with my eyes, I continued to tap out messages with one hand. The same sequence of dots and dashes, making up the first line of the first two weeks, topped the third.
And on I went, with Knellar watching over my shoulder, until another hour had passed, and I had finished the backlog of coded military information, for the month of August. Knellar showed me where the coded papers were to be discarded, down a chute on the far wall, then started to fetch another file from the bin of backlogged information. September's transmissions to Berlin still remained. Only when the door opened, and I habitually stood and put on a smile, did I realize my back had been straight and strained all morning. But the man backing into the room with a box in his arms, brown hair and white button-down disheveled, was Sterling Stratus, and my greeting died in my throat at the sight of him.
What kind of man maims his own son?
“Good morning, Miss Abernathy.”
“Good morning, Mr. Stratus.”
He shifted the weight off one side of the box onto his arm, freeing up his hand to extend to me, but as I reached for it the box tilted and the book sitting on top went spilling over, clattering to the floor.
“-Oh!”
We both started to bend for the book at the same time, and both stopped.
“-I'm sorry,” I started to blurt out, a force of habit from years of groveling and politeness.
“No, no, excuse me,” Stratus said, shifting the box onto one hip, under one arm.
But by then I had bent and picked up the book, bound in leather. The spine said Hans Grimm: People Without Space. Nazi propaganda. But when I turned the book over in my hands, the first thing to catch my eye on the page was a name: Himmelstoss.
Himmelstoss being a central character in a book I thought I had read before, I skimmed to the front pages and sure enough, the name printed there was All Quiet on the Western Front. Its pages were sewn into a leather spine they did not belong to.
The book came back in a wave. The horrors of battle from the perspective of a German soldier during the first World War. I had a copy hidden in my wall at home, along with a dozen others which had also been banned since most of the world fell under Axis rule.
Sterling's eyes widened and his mouth fell open, but I only smiled back at him and shut the book. A few feet away, Nazi Knellar had abandoned the next file and now crossed to us.
“Good morning, Stratus.” He took the box from the smaller man and set it by my station. “I see you've met Maren. We just finished up the file we were working on, so it's a good time for you to take over. How long do we have you for today?”
“Until two. I have other town business to attend to later.”
“Alright. I'll leave you at it until then.”
Knellar left down the hallway, with the door clattering shut behind him. In the moment of silence that followed, I offered the impostor book.
“Here you are.”
Stratus didn't bother with pretense. “Clever, isn't it? I got the idea from your friend Beatrix Packard. Disguising something as something else, right under their noses...”
“So we both have a secret now, you don't need to remind me. It was kind of you to do what you did, lying and then recommending me for this promotion.”
His tone softened. “Your kindness came first. You smiled at me.”
Wondering if he were really so lonely that a smile was all it took to win his loyalty, I tried to hide a grin in a purse of my lips. “Mm-hm...”
“You seem like a nice girl, Maren, and even if you didn't, you wouldn't have to worry about me. No one should die for who they love.”
“I agree.”
“Alright, then we should probably get started.”
“Yes...”
From within his box he provided a stack of files. We began at the first week of August, when the woman who had previously held my job had died. Stratus's weekly reports included all the numbers anyone could ever need to know about Pine Hills. Population, birth records, death records, supplies, coal shipments, mining equipment malfunctions and replacement bits needed. On the page which would contain lists for the first of the month of September, there would be added information as to how many young men had come of age and would be shipped first to Marquet, then to military bases all over the world to begin their two years of training and fifteen years of required service.
For a minute, I tapped away in silence. Stratus's presence was kinder than Knellar's had been, but was still intrusive as he sat to one side of me. And just as I had scanned the last line of the paper I was transmitting, he reached out to flip the page for me. I paused, watching him.
“I'm sorry,” he said, “Hadn't you finished?”
“I had. You were following along?”
“I was.”
I asked, “If you know Morse Code, why didn't they have you make your own transmissions until they filled my position?”
“I'm a busy man. And they don't know.”
“Well, I can turn my own pages, thank you.”
“As you wish.”
He sounds just a little bit stung. He’s soft for me, it’s becoming obvious. I file it away.
Stratus took up All Quiet on the Western Front and leaned back in his chair, starting to read. I started at the top of the next page. We carried on just like that, in silence, for another hour. I could feel Stratus watching me. But every time I glanced over, his eyes would be turned down onto his book. Eventually, I got tired of him staring.
“You haven't turned a page in twenty minutes. Are you stuck on a big word?”
“-Oh.” He turned a page, then sighed, and turned it back. “You're very observant.”
“Am I? I hadn't noticed.”
“Ha,” he said, monotone. But then he snapped his book shut and stood. “Do you want to go get lunch?”
I blinked. “I usually work through lunch.”
“...Well we don't have to. It was just a thought.”
“Alright. Let's go.”
He looks pleased and can’t hide it.







Chapter Four





There were three other couples waiting in front of the hostess' podium, when we walked up to the restaurant Stratus had chosen, just down the street from the large, ostentatious Communications Office. It was a cozy little diner, Lecker, with an outdoor patio decorated sparsely with antique looking metal chairs and tables. When the hostess saw us, she stepped around the three couples waiting and extended an arm to guide us by them.
“Mr. Stratus, good to see you. Come right this way.”
“Thank you. And good to see you too, Sherry.”
I glanced at the people we were passing and then hurried after him. “We aren't making any friends,” I murmured.
Stratus shrugged. “I've never been good at it.”
Sherry had taken us to the most far-flung table, where Stratus pulled out one chair and gestured for me to sit. I did, though my stomach was beginning to squirm with the worry that I might be on an inappropriate date.
“Thank you...”
He sat and we each accepted menus from the lanky but not unattractive girl, with her dyed blonde hair and almond eyes a hazel color. “Drinks?”
“Water, please.”
“Yes, thank you.”
“And do you know what you'd like to order, today?”
“I'll have my usual, thank you Sherry. Maren, the hasen stew is very good.”
I scanned the entrées quick and dirty, looking for anything that sounded appetizing, I hated to let a man order for me, but then conceded. “Alright.”
“Coming right up.” Sherry took our menus and flitted away.
Stratus made a point of straightening his silverware to be perfectly parallel to the edge of the table, then drummed his fingers, and spoke.
“Sherry runs this place, with her two sisters Gretta and May. Their name is Falkenrath. Their father is a general in the German military, Emmerich Falkenrath. He runs the base in town, here. But before they were stationed here, when the girls were young, they lived in far-off Nagasaki, where their mother is from. And so in a lot of their food, they take traditional German dishes, like hasenpfeffer -rabbit stew- and recreate them using oriental flavors.”
I purposefully nudged my silverware to be askew from the straight lines they were set in, and asked, “Do you know this much about every family who runs a restaurant you enjoy?”
Stratus reached across the table to gently push my knife back into line with my fork and spoon. “No.” I saw Sherry approaching with a full tray on one shoulder, and I knew he saw her as well, as he met her eyes and smiled even as he leaned closer to me across the table and finished in a low voice, “The girls are good people, it's not their fault their father is a mean old Nazi bastard. -Record timing, Sherry!”
A smile escaped onto my face along with a nervous little laugh while I was stealing glances around.
I made myself look up at the girl, who now that I knew, looked obviously mixed German-Japanese. I looked for any signs she had heard what Stratus said, but she was only smiling and laying down stemmed glasses of water in front of us.
“A busy man needs a quick lunch,” she said. “And a nice man gets good service, around here.”
He looked bashful as he thanked her again for the bowl of soup she laid down at his place, and I echoed him. “Thank you...”
“You're very welcome. Flag me down if you need anything.”
When she had gone away again, I leaned in and whispered, “What are you doing? We're in public, you hardly know me, nothing about that was safe. Are you trying to get yourself interrogated or killed?”
But Sterling Stratus was cavalier as he took up his spoon. “No one but you heard. And I may not know you very well, but I do know about you, so I'd say that makes you the safest person I could have said such a thing to.”
“But why say it in the first place?”
“Maybe I'm tired of safety. And of placating the perpetrators of inhuman atrocities.”
“Please stop,” I begged.
“...Alright. I'm sorry I made you uncomfortable. You're right, silence is golden. I get a little itchy sometimes, that's all. Hail the Führer, the son, and the holy spirit,” he said, crossing himself in an attempt at the Catholic gesture, then shrugging and looking for my approval.
I let out a pained laugh. “-Hm,” putting my two fingers to my temple, blocking part of my face as I again looked around to see if anyone was staring. “You did that wrong, treason and blasphemy all at once...”
“Raised Catholic?” he guessed, taking a sip of broth.
“Yes,” I said.
“Not anymore, I'd wager.”
“Good guess.”
“Still,” he said, “sorry.”
“That's alright, we haven't been hauled off, yet.”
“Try the soup,” he said.
I had forgotten I had a bowl of rabbit stew in front of me, garnished with a slice of lemon and little pile of herbs. Chunks of brown meat and fat noodles danced around one another inside, and when I gave it a taste, I nodded in approval.
“It is good.”
I stole a glance at Stratus as he nodded, staring into his soup. He was a successful man, he worked with Nazis every day, and yet he had so much contempt for them. Silence was golden, he had said.
What do you know? I wondered. Stratus had perpetually sad eyes.
He said, “You can see now, how I'm not so good at making friends.”
“I can. But strangely enough,” I replied, “I think you have.”
He gave a weak smile and we each focused on our soup.
*
After lunch, Stratus and I walked back to the Communications Office, and he opened the door for me. If the way out was hard -imagining a hundred eyes on my back as I stepped out with the mayor of the mining town- the way back in was worse. All the ladies transmitting to other stations up and down the mountains tried not to look at me. All of them had been there longer than I had, but I was the one taking a lunch break from my superior position in the back room.
And a shameful part of me worried that they thought I was sleeping with Stratus.
But he was not inappropriate at all, the last hour of our time together. He read his book an adequate distance away, didn't follow along with my sheets or say much at all. I didn't ask anything. Two o'clock came, and within a minute, my supervisor reappeared. Punctual.
“Everything was alright?” he asked.
Stratus stood and nodded, collecting his box of other files. “Just fine.”
“Will we see you tomorrow, Mr. Stratus?” I asked.
“Uh, yes. Same time, if it suits you?”
“Certainly,” Gotthard Knellar replied.
Stratus left, and the next two hours were spent going through more backlog of transmissions. Nazi Knellar's invasive presence made me give a wistful thought for the mayor and his book.
But he was punctual, and at 3:58, checked his watch and said, “Alright. That's the day, nearly gone by. Finish up whatever page you're on, then ask if there are any messages for us.”
I obeyed, and without a moment's pause, the faceless person on the other end tapped back, Report from Munich: One dead in rioting. Henry Michaels, age thirty-four, out of Marquet. Next of kin: Mother; Mary Ann Michaels. End of transmissions.
I had taken it down, word for word, on a fresh note card.
A pain had flared up in my chest but died down quickly. 
Age thirty-four. He only had one year left of service, assuming he wasn't an officer, and I think it would have said if he were.
Knellar was watching. “What's the news?”
“A soldier from town was killed overseas. I have all the information here.”
He plucked the card from my hand and found a fiver in his pocket. “I'll send a messenger. You did good work today Maren. Very good work.”
I found my feet. “Sir?”
“Yes?”
“Could I deliver the news myself? I hate to think of some callous stranger, reading from a card to a grieving mother… and then zipping off to make another dollar.”
“That's very kind of you. You should learn to stifle that woman's heart of yours, though. We get at least one a week, you couldn't possibly deliver them all.”
Still he handed back the card, and then the five dollars as well.
“Thank you. See you tomorrow, Sir.”
“And you.” 







Chapter Five





I stood outside a house that looked cozy enough from the outside, and my heart racing and my stomach in knots. In one arm, a bundle of flowers that the five dollars from Gotthard Knellar had helped to buy. And in my waistcoat pocket, I could feel the note with Mary Ann Michaels' name and address crinkle with every deep breath I took, trying to find my nerve.
You got yourself into this, now there's only one way out.
With that I forced all thought out of my mind, headed up the walkway and rapped on the red door three times.
When a woman, handsome for sixty, opened the door and smiled at me, my breath left in a rush.
“Can I help you, Miss?”
I drew a breath that hurt. “Ms. Michaels, my name is Maren Abernathy. I'm from the Communications Office, here in town. I have a message for you. May I come inside?”
The smile had left her face, and I imagined a mother's worst fear racing through her mind. But she smiled again a second later, probably dismissing the idea, and held the door open for me. “Certainly.”
Her home was well-lit and handsomely furnished. Picturesque. But as she led me into the parlor and offered me tea, or coffee, or water, both Ms. Michaels and the home seemed to scream of loneliness.
“No, thank you,” I said.
My voice was barely over a whisper, and I cleared my throat as she took a seat on a peach-colored sofa across from me. She didn't seem capable of asking me what message I bore for her, so I steeled myself, and said it.
“Ms. Michaels, We received word from Munich today, that your son Henry was killed in action. Your son will be wearing a medal for bravery, and he'll have full military honors when he's buried… I'm so sorry.”
Mary Ann's face had gone blank. The only indicator that she had heard me was her trembling hand as she swept a stray lock of red hair off of her face. Her eyes went to the coffee table between us, and stayed there.
In a small voice, she murmured, “Just like his father. Always too much like his father.”
“Not many people know this, but you can apply for counseling through the military offices, the same as a soldier could.”
Mary Ann looked up. “No, I didn't know that.”
“And these are for you, too.” I offered her the bouquet of mixed flowers.
Her papery hands trembling as they reached across the gap seemed surreal. But then she was bringing them to her chest and hugging them, and the sight sent a pang through me. And I found my feet, and crossed to her, and put my arms around her. She moved the flowers aside, grabbing me like a drowning woman.
“Thank you,” she said. “I know they usually send a messenger. Thank you for these flowers.”
“You're welcome.”
*
When I left Ms. Michaels' house, in the distance I could hear the train whistle blow. For a minute it was like Beatrix herself was moving further and further away from me. But I had gone to her two nights in a row, and I had my own apartment. I had dishes to do and a fern to lavish some affection on.
I got home, climbed the wooden steps that hugged the side of our blue building, and unlocked my lilac door. Inside, my kitchen was still. My fern was wilted on the sill of the big, central window. Dusk's gold light seeped in and bathed the white counter top that could use a cleaning itself. My table was cluttered with books and scribbled reminders on napkins. I usually didn't read them until it was too late. On my two chairs there were multiple suit jackets draped over one another.
I elegantly cleared a space by shoving some of it aside, managing not to dump anything onto the floor.
I stripped off my jacket. Set it on the back of a chair, then sighed, and collected the other three slung around, and took them to my room and hung them up. It was probably time to bite the bullet and have them cleaned. I changed into soft pants and a simple shirt. Then I went back through the sparse living room, only a sofa, lamp, coffee table and radio taking space on the wall opposite the picture window.
I watered the fern, then made dinner for myself. Pasta, tomato sauce, a glass of white wine. Simple, but good. I adored tomatoes. When it was fixed, I sat at my cleared space at the table and twirled spaghetti around my fork with one hand while I jotted down the coded line I had remembered from the day.
I realized I had been twirling my fork against nothing but plate for several seconds, and refocused on the food. I scooped up noodles, gave them a spin, then speared a chunk of tomato to cap it all off, the metal brightly polished and smooth under my fingernails which needed a polish themselves.
Even if I could crack the different version of the code that the Nazis used, one line wouldn’t do anyone any good. We had a month’s worth of coded transmissions to send over, but they would be finished in a day’s time with Gotthard Knellar overseeing. I couldn’t know how often papers were removed or incinerated from within the disposal chute, but surely they wouldn’t last the weekend. I had to get at least one page, and the only time I could would be with Stratus in the room.
I gathered another bite together.
What does my new friend know?
My spaghetti was good, but hasen stew was better.







Chapter Six





Friday meant my red velvet suit jacket and matching skirt, over a crisp white blouse. And it meant hair up, and red lipstick. Lovely but still professional. Staying at my own apartment meant an extra hour of sleep, and maybe I had needed it from the stress of the past two days. My face, when I checked a mirror to apply my lipstick, looked full and clean and bright once again. So a little less makeup was needed to face the day.
When I rounded the corner onto Main Street, a beagle strained at its leash to sniff around my feet, and the woman walking him tugged him away, stumbling and apologizing. I smiled and went on, and my heels going 'click' 'click' 'click' made some soldiers look up as I passed by. On the way to the Communications Office was my favorite flower shop, where last night I had bought the assorted bouquet for Mary Ann Michaels.
In the office I made sure to smile and greet everyone who looked my way as I headed toward the back. Fat Wilhelm looked up as I approached. He waved for me to join him, so I slid into his office.
“Good morning, Wilhelm.” I would have preferred to call him 'Mr. Martin' but he insisted that all of his employees call him by his first name if not around other management or officers.
“Good morning to you, Maren. It must be Friday, already, because my, my, my, do you look lovely today.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
'Sir' Wilhelm didn't mind; probably it made him feel powerful, when in the grand scheme of things he was only one, chubby little fly buzzing around der Führer's ass.
“How did you like your first day in the back room?”
“It was wonderful. A new challenge.”
I wonder, I thought suddenly, if Beatrix speaks so brightly and eagerly and pathetically to her foreman. Surely not. Beatrix was such a dignified creature. But it isn’t my fault that my life doesn’t afford me the same opportunity. My subservience would help so many in the long run. I had to believe it.
“I'm glad to hear it. I miss you already, but I won't keep you. -Although, I might have an hour for lunch, if you wanted to join me?”
“Oh. I'm sure that would be fun, but I believe I have standing plans with Mr. Stratus while we're working together. I'm afraid you'll have to treat one of the other ladies to that honor.”
“I see. Well, some other time, then.” He didn't seem hurt, so I smiled big and bowed out, heading to the back.
Even with that distraction I was ten minutes early. I straightened my station up and made sure to stay busy until Knellar arrived, one minute early.
“Good morning, Maren.”
“Good morning, Sir.”
“Why don't we keep going through those transmissions to Berlin, hm?”
“Certainly.” I had already found the box of past-due transmissions and placed it on my desk. I quickly pulled out the last folder for Berlin, which contained transmissions from the month of September. More banal inventories for the first hour, then more coded information.
And so on I went, checking the clock frequently. At five minutes past ten, Stratus walked in. His eyes went straight to me, and he blinked, taking in all the red.
“Good morning, Miss Abernathy, Mr. Knellar.”
“Good morning, Mr. Stratus.”
“Good morning, Stratus,” Gotthard Knellar stood and offered his hand to the smaller man, who accepted. “Do we have you until two o'clock, again today?”
“Yes.”
“Alright. I trust that you and Maren can handle your duties until then?”
“We can.”
“Very well.” And Knellar took his leave.
Stratus cleared his throat in the silence that was left behind, took up my superior's vacated seat, and offered me the file we had last been working through.
“Thank you.”
I opened it and leafed through the papers for a moment, counting them. I saw his book in the box he carried, but he didn't pick it up.
“Something wrong?” he asked.
“No,” I assured. “I was just figuring how much time we had left together. If a week's transmissions take on average, one and a half hours, and my position was vacated for a total of nine weeks, and if the first of the month means twice the transmissions, that would mean about seventeen hours worth of work? If we average three hours of work per day that we are together, that will mean we have eight days worth of work to do, or six days left after today.”
“So you would like to go to lunch again? I thought for sure I scared you away.”
I said, “I like girls. I can't afford to scare easily.”
He smiled and I saw his crooked teeth again, and it was charming against the backdrop of all the Aryan men I met with in a day. He took up his book. I wired into Berlin and began to enter row after row, category and count, category and count. Maybe a half an hour we passed by in that way, before Stratus sighed and snapped his book shut.
“Did you like this book? You must have read it, you recognized it the second you picked it up. Did you enjoy it?”
I finished the line I had been entering and answered quickly. “Yes, it was fine. Don't you like it?”
“It's breaking my heart. Do you enjoy books that break your heart?”
“Yes, if that heartbreak is meaningful.”
“And Paul's heartbreak ends up being meaningful?”
I tapped for a moment. “No, not at all. It's the absence of meaning that gives it meaning, you see.”
“What, the evils of war? No wonder the Nazi's don't want us reading it. Their industries and ideals feed on war; on the glory of war.”
I stopped what I was doing to put a chastising finger to my red lips. Stratus rolled his eyes but nodded gently and started to read again.
Another half an hour and he checked his watch. He waited for me to finish the page I was on, then said, “Let's call it.”
I glanced at the clock. “It's not even noon.”
“So what? We'll stretch our legs, I know a nice pond.”
“Alright.” I dismissed the person on the other end of the line, in Berlin. My eyes drifted to the disposal chute for the classified documents, but I hadn’t worked up the courage, yet.
He led the way out of the building and once we were clear of it, I felt my shoulders sink, most of the tension leaving me. A handsome couple passed by us, holding hands, and my defenses went back up. Being comfortable around people was not a luxury my kind were afforded.
Main Street was humming as we headed east, away from the public park, with the duck pond. “Aren't we going the wrong way?”
“No, I've got a better place.”
And he lead on, past the main stretch of shops and to the more residential area, where the buildings were mostly duplexes with hardly any space or yard between them, and a few more spacious businesses; there was a law office, there was a daycare, there was the town's catholic church, with it's high black spire over the belfry. When Stratus made to turn down the stone path there, I stopped at the edge of the street.
He noticed after a second and paused, looking back. “We don't have to go inside.”
“I don't think we should be here.”
“It's alright, I promise.”
A moment more of indecision, he stood waiting. His promise did mean something, I decided. He had shown me so much of himself, already. I lifted my chin as I took my first step onto the path after him, then followed as he veered off onto the grass and around the white building. On three sides of the perimeter were sections of white-painted trellis, up which climbed a green, leafy plant with white to blue bunches of blossomed flowers, dry and delicate looking. A pond in the center had scattered petals floating on its surface. Benches on either side were gray stone.
“Perfectly secluded. They don't mind visitors,” Stratus said.
It was true that the back door of the church was closed, and its windows were shuttered, and nobody had locked the gate. As he stood looking down on the pond, I sat on one of the benches nearby, and enjoyed the easy silence. I couldn't be sure if it were the company or the place that made the quiet calm, not wanting.
Stratus drifted to the trellis and stroked the flowers with gentle fingers, and not a single bud crumbled off. He was looking away, and his face turned sad, thinking that I wasn't watching, but I was. I felt like an intruder, but sometimes to get to the truth of things, you have to be nosy.
“Do you like nature?” he asked suddenly, his face and voice both smoothed.
“I have a fern...” I picked up a wilted white pedal off of the ground and smoothed it out, making it crackle.
“Ferns. Not especially finicky plants. They're sturdy. Low-maintenance.”
“I take exception to that,” I said, smiling a bit. “I'm very devoted to my plant.”
“Very devoted to a thing which requires very little devotion. Does that indicate something greater about you?”
I admitted, “Probably...”
“Do you have family back in England?”
“Yes. I have a sister, Katherine, who last year married a lawyer, Dick. My father is one of the most successful shoemakers in England. He has twelve shops. My mother… she likes to write.”
“What does she write?”
“Nothing she can put her name on.”
He looked me over, pursing his lips somewhat, and gave a nod of understanding. If someone else were listening, they might think my mother was a dreadful poet. Stratus might guess, though, that she in fact edited, printed and distributed very inflammatory anti-Nazi propaganda. My mother, Kitty Abernathy was a socialite and philanthropist who came from old money, and often brushed shoulders with Nazi high command; her alter-ego K. Sinclair was wanted by them for treason. I had always thought of her as a sort of superhero, with a secret identity.
“They sound like interesting people. Why did you come here from London?”
I looked up. “What do you have to trade for that information? A copy of a banned book isn't quite enough.”
He feigned surprise. “It's not? I have an entire banned library, if that makes any difference.”
“It doesn't.”
He looked like he wanted to say something, but then he didn't, and he just turned to look at the flowers again. I watched him and an errant thought ran across my mind.
You were handsome, once, weren't you?
Sterling still had that certain quality of handsomeness to him. He was neat and clean, and sort of removed from himself. Big eyes. Heavy set, sad eyes, but also clear blue and intelligent. A narrow face with high cheeks and a distinct chin.
“Shall we go to lunch?” I asked, standing.
“Certainly. We could go to Sherry's place again. Or somewhere else, if you want.”
“Sherry's place will be fine.”
“You look very nice today, by the way.”
“I know. Let's go show me off.”
He offered his arm and I looped mine through it, nearly tripping as my heel caught a divot in the hard dirt, but we made the street again and headed back down Main. Sherry met us with a big smile before we had reached the podium. It seemed we were still ahead of the lunch rush, as half the patio tables were empty.
“Good morning, Sterling. -Or afternoon.”
“Good afternoon, Sherry.”
“And Maren, is it?”
“Yes, good afternoon.”
“Is she a friend of yours, Sterling?”
“Yes,” I answered, before he could start on an explanation.
“A pretty friend,” she said, a bit suggestive.
I smiled graciously as she placed us at a far table. Less formal and less efficient, Sherry must have thought the day before that we were having a business lunch.
“Drinks to start?”
“Water please.”
“Me too.”
“Alright, I'll be back with those shortly.”
I flitted through my menu, though Sterling didn't bother.
“Are you going to get that stew again?” I guessed. “You're a creature of habit, aren't you?”
“I've been called worse things.”
Sherry returned with water, and asked if we were ready. I scanned quickly and ordered something with ham, butchering the pronunciation of the German word in a way that Sherry tried not to laugh at. Sterling ordered hasen stew, and away the girl went.
“What does their father do in the military?” I asked.
Sterling said, “General Falkenrath oversees all the towns along the mountains. Controls the troops, their training, their deployment. Keeps us all in line, really.”
“And that includes keeping a close eye on the mines, I'm guessing.”
“Yes.”
Was that shame, I saw?
I said, “I'd like to see that library of yours.”
Sterling blinked at that, but replied, “You'd be welcome anytime.”
“I know what you did to your son.”
He blinked and looked up from straightening his silverware. 
“I met him,” I went on. “He seems like a good man.”
Sterling couldn't look at me for long, and stared at his knife. The sadness that was always below the surface of his eyes was suddenly all over his face. “He was a nice boy, last I knew. -You're one of us now. We never share our secrets with outsiders, so that means… you're in.”
“Why did you do it?”
“I can't tell you that. I'm sorry.”
“Why not?”
“Because it's not only my story. And it's not only my risk.”
“But there is something more to all this?”
We both straightened when Sherry emerged from inside with a tray, and came heading our direction. We thanked her and off she went again. I looked at my dish and frowned. Ham on a bed of sauerkraut, a sprig of seasoning on the side.
“Is this what I ordered?” I murmured, nudging the meat off of the soiled cabbage and dividing them succinctly.
“I'm sure it is, Sherry's very good.”
I sighed, and started to pick at the ham. “I'm going to find out your secrets, Sterling. You should save us both the trouble and just tell me.” I took a bite, but it smelled too strongly of fermentation.
“I should,” he agreed. When I raised a brow he added, “I believe you, when you say that you'll find out. But I hope you're wrong, for your own sake.”
“How's that?”
“I told my wife my secrets, and she killed herself.”
It stopped me all at once, but a second later I was back to myself and doubting the truthfulness of it. “How could anything be that terrible?”
He leaned back, looking long at me. “You're so young. How can a man rise to power by playing people's fear and patriotism against themselves? How can he become a world leader by promising the extermination of every Jewish man, woman and child? Polish, too. Every disabled person, dwarf, Romani-gypsy. Every gay person.”
I put aside my plate, and reached out to drag his bowl to the center of the table, and took up my own spoon. “What's the answer?” I took a sip of broth. As delicious as it had been the day before.
“The whole world is just that terrible,” he said, and tried the soup himself.
I couldn't say anything to that.
After another minute, he said, “I do enjoy your company, though.”
“I enjoy your company as well. Does that indicate something greater about me?”
“Not at all.”
For a while we both leaned closer over the table, sipping rabbit stew in silence, though I think our appetites had gone.







Chapter Seven





We took our time heading back to the office, and walking with Sterling was becoming familiar to me. The stares mattered less than the relative ease which he gave me. As we moved through the door to the back room together, I stopped just inside, and he, looking back as he pulled it closed, didn’t realize until he had turned again. I looked into his eyes for a long second, we were only inches apart, his eyes moved to my lips, then he blinked and turned away. I buried a tiny smile, ordered, “Help me,” and headed for the disposal chute.
He followed instantly, tossing his jacket onto my work station.
But I hissed, “No, grab it!”
The metal door of the chute was at waist level, and I crouched beside it, listening. Sterling collected his jacket and joined me.
“What are you going to do?”
“I need the coded information,” I said plainly. I pulled off my heels, one by one. “Let’s be quick. If someone comes, I lost an earring down there.”
“That won’t save us.”
I knew it, but I hiked my skirt up high enough that I could swing one leg in. Sterling’s eyes moved of their own accord, so he turned his face away, holding one sleeve of his jacket as I took the other, then let myself slide a few feet down the slant. My feet were just a bit sweaty, and bracing myself on the sides as I worked my way down was not easy, but I could hold myself. At the end of the reach of Sterling’s jacket, I looked below, and could see the dim shape of a bin full of papers, nothing else moving in the square framed view of the room.
“I’m going to drop,” I whispered, and did it before he could begin to say, “No-.”
My legs crumbled and my ass broke my fall, the papers were piled deep and didn’t provide much cushion. Thankfully nothing jumped out of the dark, it was just a dingy basement room, with a perhaps four-foot by four-foot bin under our room, and another under what had to be Wilhelm’s office. I dug around and squinted in the low light, my eyes adjusted and there were dozens of papers that fit the criteria I searched for all around me. I picked three, folded them with tight creases, and tucked them into the inside pocket of my jacket.
A sound from one side made my heart stop, the flow of warm adrenaline shoot through me, turn heavy, turn me numb all in one second. The door to the basement room was that way, a short three stone steps led up to it, and someone was moving on the other side. I couldn’t hide in the shallow bin, I could make it back up the chute in five seconds, I could only freeze. The knob didn’t turn for a few seconds, and my body became my own again. I looked up. The cuff of Sterling’s jacket had come lower, was just inside the end of the metal square, and I braced one foot on the edge of the full bin I stood up in, centered myself for one moment as the blood rushed back to my legs, then I shoved off and propelled myself for that jacket.
My fingers closed on it, Sterling’s furious whisper relayed a fair amount of pain, “Hurry!”
He was halfway down the shoot, I could see, gripping the edge on his side to keep from falling down, and he held his jacket with only one hand, holding my full weight for a few seconds as I grabbed higher, dragged myself up, and swung a leg high enough to plant the ball of one foot inside the chute.
He gasped, had been holding his breath and the jacket went slack between us for a second. Then he grabbed on again and gave a great heave, I couldn’t believe he had the strength to pull me up a foot, with his meak, old body. That was all he had in him, it seemed, and I dragged myself the last few feet.
Sweat had broken out all over me, and the air of the International Communications room felt cool and fresh as I tumbled to the floor. Sterling stood hunched over the desk, shaking, sweating, and said, “Maren, how could you do that?”
“You know what I am,” I managed between big breaths. “You know what they do.”
“Get up.” He offered his hand, glanced at the closed door which led to the hall.
I took it, and snatched my shoes in one hand before he pulled me to my feet. “Good work. They do make you miners strong.”
“You can never do something like that again.” He tried to pull out his stern voice, imagining for a second that he had power over me.
I smiled, and shook my head. “This isn’t over until I know what you know, Sterling.”
He looked morose at that, had to look away from me. “Let’s get back to work.”
The rest of the day played out fairly professionally. We didn't speak much for our last hour together, except when I had to ask a few times about a messy number or smudge of ink over his writing. Only when we had five minutes left until two, did Sterling shut his book and sigh.
“I never do this, but I'm not sure I can go on living if I have to read the rest of this book. Will you just tell me how it ends?”
I finished the last few lines of the page I had been transmitting, signed off, and came to a full stop, thinking all the while. “Paul dies of course. And by then he's so weighed down by everything that he welcomes death.”
“You found meaning in that?”
“I had to, or it would have crushed me. Maybe one less person rushed onto a battlefield, for having read that book.”
“I doubt that Paul and Mr. Erich Maria Remarque changed many minds while they were being cleansed by fire, all over the country.” Sterling tossed the book down into his box of files and loose forms.
“So, better to play into the establishment, biding your time?” I raised an eyebrow.
He frowned at me, then said, “Maren, when you find what you're looking for, you're going to be heartbroken...”
“Maybe. But that doesn't mean I can stop looking.”
He looked like he was turning that over in his mind, but then the door opened and Gotthard Knellar was back one minute early and Sterling rubbed his tired-looking face before he stood and stooped to collect his things.
“Productive day?” Knellar asked.
“Very,” I answered.
Sterling only shrugged while nodding and shuffling around the bigger man. He stopped when Knellar asked, “Will we see you Monday, Sterling?”
“Mon-? Oh. No. No, I don't think so.”
“Tuesday, perhaps?”
“Uh… sure. Certainly. Same time works, I think.”
“Alright then. Enjoy your weekend.”
“Same to you. And to you, Miss Abernathy.”
I gave a nod and smile for Knellar's sake, and then Sterling ducked out.
When the door had swung closed, my supervisor looked after Sterling for a minute. He said finally, “He's… a bit strange.”
I nodded, then found the file we had last been working on that morning and began to transmit where I had left off. Berlin's backlog of transmissions would take another day, at least.
The last two hours I was straight-backed and formal and my finger was a blur, tapping away at my machine. Knellar made me appreciate Sterling. The Nazi sat with his arms crossed and did nothing but watch me. Even stood once and came to look over my shoulder for a minute before returning to his chair.
But the end of the day did finally come. I checked for any incoming transmissions from Berlin and there was nothing, and so I was finally permitted to leave, told to enjoy my weekend.
Part of me was tempted to jump straight onto the train, and head for Pine Hills. Visit Sterling's library, pick at his shell a little more. If I didn't see him for three days, all the progress we made today might be erased. I could spend the night with Beatrix.
But I was worn out, and had things to do in town the next day. So home I went. Fern where I'd left it, pile of papers and mail still cluttering the kitchen table. If we're being honest, I tried to make my Marquet apartment as much like my London apartment as possible. Light and open and pastel, cold colors, and mostly clean with spots of clutter because clutter gave me the bit of controlled chaos I needed sometimes. But it didn't feel like home, as close as it was to perfect.
For dinner I started cooking a chicken breast and roasting some small potatoes. While it was going I cleaned off the table, sorting its piles of rubbish between a 'keep' stack and the bin. I poured a glass of white wine.
After an hour the chicken was done. While I ate, I worked on a letter to my parents. I told them about the promotion, and mentioned Beatrix, for the first time. Not sure what possessed me. Mother would know what I meant. She worried that I locked the world out and didn't have any friends, or partners, which was true, but it was not as if I knew any other way to be.
I had chicken leftover, and took it outside onto the stairs and dropped it over the railing onto the street below. A striped tabby lived around the alley, and if it didn't get fed it would yowl, sometimes all night long. If I sat on my stoop for long enough, and slowly lured it in with meat, it would let me pet it, which led me to believe it had been someone's pet once, and abandoned.
Outside, dusk had come.
The tabby darted out as soon as the chicken thudded to the ground, and disappeared again with the whole thing dangling in its mouth. I went back inside, turned on the radio for some music and laid out on the couch, where I started a letter to my sister.
In her last letter to me, she had described in detail a walk through the park by mom and dad's place. She had meant well, but done more harm than good. I didn't tell her that, though, only told her that a friend had showed me a scenic little spot off the path with a bench and a pond that was serene and peaceful. She would report that to mom, and mom would share that I had a girlfriend, and they would both worry a bit less. Dad didn't worry about me so much, we were alike in being resourceful and naturally calm.
*
The next morning I woke to static and wasn't sure where I was. Only after my letter to Katherine crinkled under my face did I realize I had fallen asleep on my couch. It was early, before dawn, so I laid still and imagined I was someone else, somewhere else, even another time. After some searching though, there was nothing better than the thought of waking up beside someone you love, and I was half-tempted to jump the morning train down the mountain, and damn the things I had to do that day.
But she might grow tired of seeing me.
Breakfast of coffee and toast, a very slow start, and suddenly it was ten o'clock. I washed all the windows. I gathered together my suit jackets and skirts and shirts all to take to the cleaners, popped out for a bite at the deli, mailed my letters. Then I went grocery shopping, picked up my laundry and delivered it home and half the day was gone.
I sat and read, though as the hours ticked down it got harder and harder to concentrate. My nerves were a jangle when six o'clock rolled around, and the sun had gone down outside, leaving the rooftops out below my window bathed in blue. I put on a black sweater, tied up my blonde hair and tucked it into a black wool cap.
It has to be tonight.
I had a key under the coffee cup in the left corner of my cupboard, made from a mold I'd taken of Fat Wilhelm's key, a few months ago. It had taken me four months to get my hands on, for even a few seconds. I had done the waiting and watching, I had done patience and vigilance. Tonight was for action. For fruition.
Outside the sky had darkened to purple by the time I was walking down the alley by my apartment, avoiding Main Street, winding around the long way to come up at the Communications Office's side entrance twenty minutes later. My key got stuck but after a bit of jiggling, it did click into place and open the door for me.
A quick scan of the surrounding area as I ducked inside showed that no one was around to see me. Inside the faint light coming through the front windows gave only the vaguest shapes of the rows of consoles stretching out before me. But I would know the place in my sleep, and I skated around the first bank, then the second and third, and finally reached the other wall, where down the narrow hallway, the International Communications room was empty and dark.
I shut the door behind me and fumbled for the switch on the wall, hoping the glow wasn't visible from the street.
The clock said ten to seven, which meant it was ten to two in London.
From midnight to 2 AM, someone would be at the London International Communications Office, every Saturday night, there to receive any transmissions. In my days in London, I had done it twice, myself. The three weekend night guards as well, were all part of the organization I belonged to, the British Liberties Agency.
Without any more delay, I switched on the telegraph and plugged in to London. My headset pressing hard on one ear, I tapped a few times on my machine.
After a few seconds, the answer came back: Receiving.
I smiled. Shifted in my seat. Tapped a response.
Maren Abernathy, reporting in from Marquet, Wyoming. 







Chapter Eight





I was already up and sipping my second cup of coffee when the sun rose, Sunday morning. Hardly any of the city of Marquet woke before seven, and certainly not on Sundays. It was a church town, sure, but the Catholic service was at nine, and all the government buildings were closed.
Only the Nazi soldiers, young and old, would have woken as early as me, to the shrill sound of a horn blaring out over the barracks on the eastern edge of town. Cadets would be going in a flock running around the base, probably, as I slipped out in an old, brown, dinner jacket that had belonged to my father, and a white blouse tucked in at the waist to the only pair of slacks I owned. I didn't put on any makeup, and doubted anyone from my work would notice me if they saw me, which was oddly freeing.
On weekends the train didn't leave the station before dawn to head to Pine Hills, collect a shipment of coal, and return to Marquet, in addition to the second trip back and forth to bring passengers in the morning up and down the mountain for the day. Instead it would make only one round trip, up in the morning and back down in the evening.
The weekend conductor of the train only checked my pass, nodded to me, and let me go inside the car. To my surprise, Austen was the only other person inside. She still wore a solid yellow dress with an attached apron. Her hair was a messy ball on top of her head, and her face was shiny. She smiled a bit too eagerly when she saw me, then smoothed out.
I tried to keep from grinning as I sat across from her. “Nice night?”
“Fine,” she chirped.
I kept quiet but after a second she was beaming, and I laughed. “Look at you, your smile is too big for your face. It's beautiful.”
“Thanks.”
But I realized the only men left in Marquet were very old, or Nazies, and it killed my smile. We rode the rest of the way in silence.
Pine Hills woke earlier than Marquet, by a wide margin.
I got a lot less stares than usual on my way to Beatrix's house, dressed down and becoming something of a staple to the mining people, I suppose.
Beatrix opened the door and waited in the frame, before I'd even started up the walk.
“You planned this,” she accused, crossing her arms with a little smile.
“Planned what?”
“You've been spying, somehow, you must have known.”
“I don't know what you mean.”
“I know you're lying,” she said, “but come in and have some homemade cinnamon rolls, anyway.”
“Mm. Well I know you didn't make them, so who did?”
I slid past her, inside the naturally lit little home. Just inside I hung my coat on a chair and sat at Beatrix's table. I reached for the cinnamon roll on a plate at her seat, but she swatted my hand as she rounded the table and cut another roll from the pan on the crude countertop, took a plate from the shelves below, and brought it to me.
“I did make them. My grandmother's recipe, super easy.”
“Well I'm impressed.”
“You haven't tried it yet.”
I pulled a strip off the curled, flaky, brown bun, and popped it in my mouth, and licked my finger free of cinnamon. It was a little doughy still, but not offensively so. I gave a nod of approval.
“I had the longest week,” Beatrix confessed, and I looked up from my plate, a bit shocked.
“How so?”
Her face was blank and as she leaned back in her chair, she scratched one arm and looked down, and away, unsure of herself. “Tony's been out sick for days, and Mr. Stratus asked me to oversee, and fill out Tony's reports for him, which made all the others get pissy, because in my crew, there's only three girls younger than me, the rest all have seniority, so they're wondering why they weren't asked. Just about the only person who's not on my case is Andrew Sterling. He doesn't care if I'm in charge, he might have even turned it down before his father offered it to me. But all week he was only half-there, cause the anniversary of his mother's death was a few days ago, and a few days from then, the anniversary of when he lost his hand.”
“When his father hurt him...” I pulled another strip off my cinnamon roll, but didn't do anything with it. “Sterling must have been especially lonely, lately, that's why he let me get so close to him.”
Beatrix almost laughed, caught between outrage and disbelief. “Sterling? You're on a first-name basis with my boss, now? The one who went crazy, killed his wife and maimed his son?”
“He didn't kill his wife. He can't have...”
“You're sure about that? Because you know him so well?”
“No. But I'm good at telling, with people, you know I am. I saw you, I knew right away I had an ally-.”
“-You got lucky, you're so reckless-.”
“-I see Sterling, and I know he didn't kill anybody. And besides, he told me that his wife killed herself, and I'm sure I would have seen it if he were lying.”
She frowned at me. “Suppose you're right, and he didn't kill his wife… He did maim his son. That's a fact, there's no way around it. In my experience, the same guys who get drunk and kick their dogs end up beating their wives. If he purposefully mangled his own son -which he did- then he's capable of murder.”
“We're all capable of murder. But there are those of us who do, and those of us who don't, and he's one of the latter, you just have to trust me on that.”
“How can I trust you? I can’t stop worrying about you.”
I grinned, biting my lip. “Are you worried for my safety, or are you jealous?”
“Jealous? Please.”
“No, I mean it. He does have a certain energy to him, you know?”
“Obviously you get hot for charity cases,” she said, gesturing to herself.
My cinnamon roll was almost untouched.
“...I have to go and see him later.”
Her eyes rolled and ended up looking out the front window. “Why?”
“He's pulling away. I have an open invitation to visit his library, and I can't go three days without seeing him, not now. It would undo all the progress we've made.”
“Well I'm going with you,” Beatrix grumbled.
“I don't think that's a good idea.”
“I'm not asking. You're not going to be alone with Stratus.”
“I’ve been alone with him the past few days-.”
“You're not going alone. When do we need to go?”
I shrugged, smiling a bit. “Whenever. Not for hours, if you don't want to. We still have all day together.”
“And I still have to visit my psychopathic boss on my day off.”
“More psychotic than psychopathic, really.”
She cupped her hands around her mug of coffee, lips pursed sourly, and didn't look at me. I picked at my cinnamon roll for a second, withstanding the silence. Then I pulled another chunk off, and lobbed it across the table to hit her on the forehead. It stuck for a second, and her face was frozen in shock as it came unstuck and tumbled down her cheek.
She wanted to stay mad, but her smile came out more decidedly, even, than I did when I was sixteen and brought home a twenty-eight year old contortionist named Holly whom I professed to be in love with. My mother had been unsurprised but concerned. Wary about the age difference and of prying eyes. My father had hardly looked up from his newspaper long enough to make a quip about how at least I hadn't run off to join the gay-circus, but instead had brought it home with me.
Holly had taught me how to French kiss, and still sent postcards from all over the world, asking for money without actually asking for it. And of course I sent it when I had it to send. The community was small; we had to look out for each other. And that fact aside, I somewhat envied Holly's nomadic lifestyle. If not for my pride, I might have become a drifter like her.
Beatrix was still feigning outrage across the table.
“They're very good, your grandmother's cinnamon rolls.”
“You think so?”
“Mm-hm, yes I do.” I popped a bite in my mouth and chewed. “What else can we do today?”
“We can stay in.”
“Or go for a walk.”
“Or stay in. Last time we went for a walk, Stratus saw us.”
“And we both got promoted. Besides, he's the only person in this town you're really wary of, right? And now he knows. Who are we hiding from? -Oh, your parents, of course.”
“Just let it go.”
“Why?”
She shifted in her seat, crossing her arms as if that would protect her. “They would be so disappointed in me. And they would have to go back to worrying, everyday. You don't know, I'm sorry, but you just don't. You're from a place where you don't know your neighbors, and the only thing you had to do to avoid getting executed was not kiss any girls in public.”
I fought my anger but my tone came out flat. “Well it was harder than you make it seem; I like kissing girls very much. You might even call me a fanatic.”
She spared me a little smile and softened, saying, “Maren… I'm Jewish. I've never said that to you, have I? Well, I am.”
“I suspected,” I admitted.
She nodded. “...We have a language, religion, and celebrations that would get us shipped off to gas chambers. Ross and I are twins, we would be experimented on, probably. We were… we were created together. We gestated together, we were born ten minutes apart. But we didn't grow up together. A twin is supposed to be like your other half, but the Nazi's took that away from us. Ross got to grow up outside, because he won some coin toss with fate, and looked normal enough. I had a big Jew-nose, and there were always strangers in town those days, before the Nazi's made their way inland and started to section us off. My parents home-schooled me, told people I was too sick to go outside. I didn't meet another girl at all until I was twelve, and hit puberty. And right away, I knew something wasn't right.”
That brought a smile to my face, though I was still appropriately sad for Beatrix's lost childhood.
“I knew the first day that I went outside that I loved girls. And I knew telling my parents would just burden them, and it still would. They'd have to know what I know: that I can either marry a man I could never love or die alone. I won't ever get to marry you… And I got used to carrying that knowledge, but it would be too much to put on them.”
I blinked. My cheeks were warm and my heart felt swollen, but also my eyes started to prickle, so I blinked some more and made sure my throat was not tight as I stumbled over the words, “I don't understand. Your nose….”
“It's normal. Once you hit puberty, you can get it cut open, taken apart, shaved down, fit back together, the correct way. The doctor had an old poster he was looking at, modeling my nose after; some propaganda trying to get American women involved in the war. I'm guessing it didn't work, because, as you know, we lost. A few years later, the Nazi's finally set up their new base in the mountains, and settled in. And I passed. I looked normal. But I'm not normal. I'm a gay Jewish girl, walking around with someone else's nose on my face and I have a British girlfriend.”
I wasn't sure what to say. My cinnamon roll had gone cold. 
“I bet you were beautiful with your original nose.”
She smiled. “You didn't see me. It was a beak. You wouldn't have looked twice at me.”
“I bet I would have loved you.”
We had never said that before, and Beatrix looked very aware of it. After a minute she demanded, “You bet?”
“I know. I know I still would have loved you.” Somehow I'd said it again. “I love you.” And again, with different phrasing. My voice was doughier than the rolls.
Beatrix nodded, biting her lip to keep from smiling too big. She exhaled the words, “I love you too,” in a rush.
I climbed halfway over the table to cup her face and kiss her pretty lips, honored, humbled, horrified.







Chapter Nine





Indoors, we passed by the rest of the day. I didn't protest anymore. Enjoyed the rest of my cold cinnamon roll and I told Beatrix all about my week at work. I left out the pages of coded messages I had snatched, and hidden in my wall with my books. We snacked on bread while I cooked up some squash, then we ate that too, talking about anything and everything.
“I don't like squash,” Beatrix admitted, but took a bite anyway.
“Then why did you buy it?”
“Because you can't live on sweets.”
“Well, if you followed that logic, you wouldn't have me.”
“Hm.”
“We should think about heading over to Sterling's.”
Beatrix looked pained by that.
I said, “Well we don't want to drop in too late and be invited to stay for dinner, do we?”
So she stood and pulled on her coat. “Alright.”
I did the same and we stepped outside. The day had turned a bit gloomy; the dirt road quickly became mush even under the faintest drizzle of rain. The walk was a long one, from first the west residential street that Beatrix lived on, through the central mass of town consisting of the bar, a few shops, the train station and the path leading west toward the mines, and finally further north, out of the perimeter of town, through the trees that grew on a green estate, to where Sterling Stratus lived in a tidy, two-story building of red brick. It was a fitting home for him, I thought as we took the path leading up to it. Once beautiful and full of life, now somewhat overgrown and the bricks chipped in places.
There were big windows on the front which showed into a kitchen and a parlor, both empty. I reached the heavy door first, and hesitated.
“Scared?” Beatrix chided, and she knew me. Of course I firmly rapped on the door a second later.
After a moment, I heard footsteps, and my heart had begun to race. But a woman opened the door, middle-aged and not beautiful, but not without effort to be presentable and polite.
“Good evening,” she said, looking between us. “Miss Packard, and-?”
“Maren Abernathy. I'm a friend of Sterling's, is he in?”
“Yes, shut up in his study. What brings you here, today?”
“He had invited me to visit his library, and I was in town.”
“Well you should come in then,” the woman said, though she seemed flabbergasted as she stepped aside. “I'll go and get him.” And she started up the stairs, though she stole a glance back once she turned at the landing, and her eyes were suspicious of me.
“This is going well, so far,” Beatrix murmured. “Seamless, really.”
“He must not get many visitors. Who's the woman?”
“Housekeeper. Kelly. She can't work in the mines, back problems. Her husband is dead and she has young children. She'd have to be desperate to work here.”
“Oh, please,” I scoffed, then held up a hand for quiet as I heard the faint murmur of voices coming from upstairs. Kelly's voice first, low and tense, then Sterling's. He seemed just as baffled as she did. And perhaps, I knew, it was rude to show up unannounced, but I couldn't wait for a more formal invitation, when crucial time was slipping away.
Kelly came first back down the stairs, nodding to us and then stopping alongside me and watching as Sterling followed. He pushed down his bird's nest of brown and grey hair and was tugging on a satiny green waistcoat that did not match his black pants. When he went to button it closed, he realized it to be on inside out, and shrugged out of it to reverse it. Right-side out, it matched.
“Good morning Maren, Beatrix.”
“Afternoon.”
He checked his watch. “Oh. Yes it is. Good afternoon, then.”
Beatrix said, “Good afternoon, Mr. Stratus.”
“You can call me Sterling… unless you prefer… -I'm sorry I wasn't expecting visitors today, I'm a bit of a mess.”
“Not at all,” I said brightly. “You should pardon my rudeness for dropping in on you, but I- well I just wanted to. And of course Beatrix is here to protect me.”
That made him smile a grim smile, though Beatrix looked at me none-too-kindly.
“Understandable.”
Kelly was still looking at us like she couldn't believe that we existed. I smiled at her.
“You don't receive very many visitors, do you Sterling?”
“You're the first since last summer. Should I- would you like a tour?”
“Sure,” Beatrix answered, but I spoke over her.
“No, not particularly. I only want to see your library. Maybe Beatrix could show herself around?”
She glared at me, while Sterling looked between us. The housekeeper broke the silence.
“I could show Miss Packard the house.”
I answered for her, “That would be lovely, thank you ma'am. Sterling? Shall we?”
As Beatrix -still glowering- followed Kelly away on the first floor, Sterling offered his arm to me. I looped mine through and we started up the stairs, and to the left, not saying a word as he opened the door for me.
His study was spacious but not grandiose. A bookshelf from the floor to the ceiling on the closer side wall, all the books on it bound in leather and organized beautifully going from red to maroon to burgundy to brown to gold to black across its shelves. On the far side were decorative vases and statues, and some other trinkets like a cigar box and grainy picture of a man and woman, all of it in diamond-shaped frames on shelves all connected in a unique, slanting design. It looked geometrically perfect. Naturally lit from windows on the furthest wall, the room was washed in grey, like the grey of mornings after a stormy night. I could tell the sun would not come out, but instead the day would live and die behind the cloak of clouds coming down off of the mountain.
Sterling's desk was cluttered with instruments I did not know. Planks of wood joined by metal clamps pressed together tightly a block of pages I guessed had to be a book without its cover.
Behind me, he asked, “Should I leave the door open, for Miss Packard's benefit? That way she could hear you scream.”
“Oh, please.” I turned and reached past him to shove the door closed, sure to lean close enough that he could smell my perfume, and I could smell a smell like oranges on him. “I am sorry about that. I would have come alone, of course, but she insisted, and I didn't know the way.”
“She worries for you, that's not unreasonable.”
“In the obtuse, perhaps, but this is a ridiculous worry, and I told her so.”
He was taken by shame again, as he had a tendency to be. Ignoring him, I wound my way over to the shelves and inspected some of the titles and authors. Most German sounding, a few I recognized. “So these are all the bindings of Nazi-approved literature, with banned books hidden inside?”
“Yes, almost all of them. A few in this last section are actually what they say they are, in case I find anything new that I want to add to my collection. Though, that's a rarity, these days, with Nazi's breathing down my throat. I've only gotten outside of Marquet twice in the past five years.” He wound around me and looked among the burgundy colored leather volumes, eventually finding a small one which he passed to me. “One I think you would appreciate. 'A New Nobility of Blood and Soil' by Richard Walther Darré. A book which spoke highly of a woman's responsibility to bear many, pure-blooded children. You'll see it's been replaced by a collection of the works of Helen Keller's, largely advocating women's independence, here in America.”
“'Out of the Dark',” I recited, smiling. “She was so clever.”
“Have you read it?”
“No, my collection is not as extensive as yours…” I slid the book back onto the shelf in what was not anywhere near the right space and crossed my arms. “I need to translate the different strand of Morse Code on those forms, Sterling. Do you have a book on code breaking that could help me?”
“No, not anymore,” he murmured. He came to where I stood, took a moment to pluck the book back out and slid it into its correct place. “I read one when I was young, I remember a few things, if they might help you.”
We were standing very close. I stared into his tired face, while he stole glances at me but kept his face turned away. “Please.”
“Look for single letters, first. In a personal message, you would assume ‘I’ but in a formal transcript, probably ‘A’. If you’re dealing with English, E is the most commonly used letter, then A, then R. Ear, easy to remember... If the code is in German, it would be E, then N, then I. Look for common combinations that may be repeated a lot, try to decipher shorter words first. It, in, is, for, and, the. An encrypted word of four letters with the same first and last letter is probably ‘that’, if we’re dealing in English. That’s all I can remember, I’m sorry… From all of that, try to build an alphabet, it will take a lot of work.”
I had moved to his desk and scribbled half of it onto a sheet of loose paper, but looked up at him, then. “Especially if we’re dealing in German, which we probably are, which I hardly speak. But you do, don’t you Sterling?”
“...Somewhat, yes.”
“I’ll bang out what I can, have a few guesses. When can we meet to go over them?”
“I don’t want you doing this, Maren…”
“But I am going to, Sterling. Help me, or I’ll end up in the wrong hands.”
He stared out the window. It was possible, I realized, that he knew exactly what the forms said, or had a reasonable assumption. If he didn’t, he wanted no part in it.
I directed his focus back to his desk, thinking to lead him around a bit more before digging back in. “This is how you do it-? You bind them all yourself?”
“Yes.”
“All of them?” I repeated.
“Yes. It took a very long time.”
“How did you learn to do this?” I ran my finger along the top of the book, which was held together in many smaller sections by tightly bound twine. It was like a spinal column exposed in the middle of a surgery.
“I learned when I was young, from a friend of my father's.”
“But why? Could you have seen the need for it, back then, with the Nazis still cozy in Germany?”
“Honestly, no.” He propped himself up on the edge of the desk. “It was just luck. I just always loved books. My father was a carpenter, a real tough guy. He built all of these shelves, and the ones in the main library, as well. I never had any interest in building things. But when I saw how this was done-,” he gestured to the clamped book in front of me, “-I was obsessed. To be able to create books? Or to take something tattered, shuck off its outer skin and give it new life? Amazing. It seemed like my father and I finally could relate over something, and it stuck with me all these years.”
I nodded. “What was his name?”
“His name was Harry.”
The wound did not seem fresh. I fiddled with a length of twine. I wasn't leaving without having breached a more tender subject. I needed something sore to prod at; something to re-expose. “And what was your wife's name?”
His face tried to grimace but he held off excellently. “Her name was Rose.”
“And what was she like?”
He thought for a moment, and when he answered, his face was open and his eyes were less sad than usual. “She was sweet. She had a nearly unfathomable sense of empathy. Orphans, strays, the poor, the sick. She wanted to help them all, and she tried. I should have known… better. She saw people hurting, and it hurt her, too. All the injustice in the world, she took it personally. I should have known better.”
I could tell he was on the brink of giving in. I had always thought a person's capacity for shame must grow with age -that people became more secular and cold- but Sterling's, it seemed, had diminished. I reached across the desk and cupped his hand where it rested on the varnished surface. He almost pulled away, but didn’t. His fingers were cold.
“Tell me, Sterling.”
He drew a shuddering breath, removed his hand from mine, but didn't look away. All of a sudden his face was crumbling and his voice was shaky as he whispered, “They're killing them all, Maren.”
I was starting to feel the prickle of fear at the base of my neck. “Who?”
“Nazis...”
“Who are they killing, Sterling?” Saying his name brought him back for a second, though he seemed to be miles away as he looked down again a moment later.
“All of the men. All the boys they send away, from Pine Hills, from Marquet. From every town along the mountain, at least, but I think it might be everywhere. The entire country. They're killing them all.”
My stomach was a series of knots. My throat clenched around the words, “Why? How?”
“So that we're easy to control. To limit our population. Theirs grew too fast, they can't sustain themselves anymore. So now they can supplement their own growth with our produce, our natural resources. Our women taking up with their soldiers encourages racial purity.”
I thought of Ross, close to a promotion in Munich. “The families, they- they get letters.”
“Fakes. When they first came, they shut down the mines, and sectioned off a distant seam. They said it was dangerous, and could collapse. But I know the mines, I grew up in them. It wasn't true about that chamber. And then they moved in machinery, and they were building something. And these days, at the beginning of each month, I can see smoke against the mountains. I think they built an incinerator, and that's where they burn the bodies.”
He had tears rolling down his face, but I only felt numb as I found myself on my feet. “They can't just kill millions of people.” But they already had, I knew, and I was beginning to feel sick. At Auschwitz, and a hundred other places, they had done it before, why wouldn't they do it again? “Of course they can…”
Sterling rushed on. “Nobody has ever said it, but they knew I had figured it out, early on. Emmerich Falkenrath knew. When I found out, I was sick, and I was terrified, just like you are, now. I asked Falkenrath if my own son would be spared. I told him I would take the secret to my grave, if it meant my son could live. There wasn't anything I could do to stop it, if I told people, they would have killed me, and they would have killed them, too… By nature of being my son, Falkenrath said, they maybe could grant Andrew a reprieve, if not for his being able-bodied.”
“Oh my god,” I murmured, and my hand was pressed to my chest, feeling my heart pounding inside. The room was spinning.
“They had allowed me to keep on Tony Rook, my foreman, he's slow... They didn't keep me around because I was the owner of the mines, they kept me around because I was a coward, and I wasn't a threat. Falkenrath must have thought, either I would let them take my son, and stay quiet for my own life, or that I would do something drastic. Which is exactly what I did. He was fourteen years old at the time. Rose had just died, and he knew it was my fault. Andrew was only fourteen. He was talking about how he couldn't wait to go off to the army. And the next thing I knew, there was blood, everywhere, and he was screaming, and I've had that sound in my head for thirteen years. I created a secret -never trying to stop what they were doing- a shame I needed to protect. I played into Falkenrath's hands. And I haven't told anyone since then, and no one can know that you know, Maren, or they'll kill us both, and Andrew too, and just put one of theirs in charge of the town and the mines.”
“We have to do something!” My voice was frantic, but it broke before it had quite reached a scream.
“There's nothing to be done,” he pleaded. “There's nothing you can do!”
“You're wrong,” I said, rushing around him on wobbly legs and wrenching the door open. “Beatrix! We're leaving!”
Sterling followed and caught my arm, stopping me. “Maren, please don't get yourself killed-.”
I wrenched myself free of him and started out onto the landing. “What I do doesn't concern you- let go of me!” He had reached for me again, and though he meant it to be comforting, being touched made my skin jump. “Don't… touch me,” I said, regaining some control of myself and stopping a few feet from him.
He looked genuinely apologetic, and didn't move to close the gap. “Please, just don't do anything rash.”
“Do you think I'll go ride naked through the streets like Lady Godiva, shouting that everyone's brothers and husbands and sons are dead? I have more sense than that. And evidently, I have more sense than you, and a lot more courage, you coward. You fool.”
Beatrix rounded the corner and started up the stairs at a rush. “Is everything alright?”
I tore my eyes off of Sterling. “Everything is fine, we're leaving.”
She didn't argue, just waited for me to reach her and started after me. I didn't stop or say goodbye to the housekeeper as she emerged from the direction of the parlor, looking concerned. When I let her go ahead of me and pulled the heavy door closed, it was like snapping a power chord, and I nearly collapsed against it. But I regained my feet before Beatrix noticed, and followed her down the drive.
“What happened?”
My heart was in my throat. If Sterling were right about everything, and I assumed he would be, then that meant that Ross Packard had been killed and cremated eleven years ago, at age seventeen. And the person Beatrix had been corresponding with, thought she knew and thought she loved, was actually some Nazi with a steady hand.
“Sterling does know of something amiss.” I can't tell her.
“He told you?”
“Yes. In the mines. A section they blocked off, calling it hazardous?” Not until I'm sure.
“I know it.”
“We need to go and see what they've been doing down there. Can you take me?”
She blinked. “Take you into the mines? That'll be a sight. Not today, we can't. I can get my hands on some equipment, and we can go next Sunday.”
I nodded. “Alright.”
I started to go, but she stopped me. “Are you really okay?”
“I'm fine. Promise.”







Chapter Ten





The rest of the night at Beatrix's house was a blur. I woke before dawn and caught the first train back into Marquet. Went home and showered and dressed in a haze. It was Monday. Baby blue suit jacket and skirt. Gotthard Knellar left me alone most of the day. I completed the backlog of transmissions to Berlin early in the morning and began the ones to Munich. Sterling had said he would not be present, but still around ten I found myself looking at the clock, at the door. Noon came and went and I did not go out for lunch, though hunger clawed at me by then; I had been spoiling myself. Or rather, Sterling had been spoiling me.
The rest of the day dragged on. Knellar poked his head back in at two; I wasn't sure what other duties he had to perform during the day, and I didn't ask. Only turned and beamed at him and said that yes, I was still doing just fine. I had nearly finished the backlog of reports for Munich when four o'clock came around, and Knellar came in again. I asked if I could stay an extra fifteen or twenty minutes to finish them off, and he heartily agreed, though he sat with me until it was done; just sat and watched.
When I had finished I stood, smoothed my skirt and offered my hand to Knellar, who shook it.
“Have a pleasant evening, Sir.”
“And you as well, Maren.”
The walk home was long and I stripped off my heels before I reached my steps. Dropping them just inside the door, I took off my jacket and began the week's pile on a chair. I cut a slice of bread, buttered it, and stood at the counter, chewing. I must have been off somewhere, because then the bread was gone, and I hadn't really tasted it.
I sighed, and grabbed a new bottle of white wine, and headed for a bath.
*
Tuesday, I told myself, would be better. I repeated it in my mind as I dressed in my peach-colored suit, even said out loud, “Today will be better.” If I wouldn't be more at ease, then at least I would get to see Sterling, and we could discuss some things.
Probably I should apologize. Exactly what I would say, I didn't know. I only knew I wanted him in my corner.
The office didn't spare me much notice as I entered and made my way to the back room. Knellar was not there, so I fished out the box of backlog to London, significantly less there than there had been for Berlin or Munich, and started tapping those out. More military stock numbers, population counts, birth records. Apparently it was important that all the major hubs of the world knew the amount of ammunition used on practice exercises the past week; the number of cadets who had been promoted. I thought it was a ridiculous amount of control; but then maybe Nazis ruled the world for a reason.
Ten o'clock came and I found my pace slowed at the lever of my machine, checking the clock just once, glancing at the door. Five minutes passed, and I looked at the clock again. Then it was quarter after, and I had begun to grow angry at Sterling, assuming he was afraid of seeing me again and stalling at some other appointment.
At half-past, the door opened, and I whipped my head around, ready with a quick-draw scowl.
Gotthard Knellar scanned the room, saw nothing aflame and then smiled at me. “Good morning, Maren. Got started on your own, I see. Splendid. Who are we conversing with today?”
“London, Sir.”
“Very good, very good. I just wanted to check in. And to let you know that Mr. Stratus called and canceled for today. Said he was sick. We'll most likely see him tomorrow, for his backlog of reports.”
“Excellent,” I said.
“Indeed. I'll check back in later. Until then.”
I gave a nod and turned back to my machine as he ducked out. The door closed and my smile fell away. I found my teeth clenched around the word I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs: coward, coward, coward. Filthy bloody coward.
But my anger subsided once I realized that maybe he didn't want to have our first encounter since his study in the office. At noon I left the building and went to Lecker, where Sherry left a busy patio to meet me at the back of the line of couples waiting to be seated.
“Good afternoon,” she said.
“Good afternoon, Sherry,” I said. “Could you possibly fit me in? I think Sterling might be meeting me here.”
She hesitated, glanced toward the restaurant, then nodded. “Alright. Come on. My sisters would kill me if they knew I was doing this. Water?”
“If it's not too much trouble.”
She smiled at me and left, returning a minute later with a full tray on her shoulder. She dropped off three dishes, then brought my glass to me. “Want to wait to order?” she guessed, and I nodded.
“Alright. I'll show him over if he turns up.”
“Thank you so much.”
And for half an hour, I sat and drummed my fingers on the table, or pushed the lemon around in my water. The sun was out, so it wasn't so chilly, for October. Sherry brought me bread and butter without asking. I nibbled, and waited, and soon realized that Sterling wasn't coming. Sherry seemed to guess it, too, as the height of her rush passed and half of her tables began to empty.
She asked gently, “Would you like to order? Something with sauerkraut, perhaps?”
I smiled. “Stew, please?”
“Coming up.”
On her way back, she collected another table's empty dishes, and a few minutes later, returned with my bowl of hasen stew. I finished most of it and waited for Sherry to collect my bill. When she brought change, she said, “Don't be too hard on him, Maren. He's a busy man. He has to run the mines, the town, and he has to run German officer's errands to keep them from making life hard on his workers.”
Instead of being mad at Sterling, I more-so felt stupid. “I will try.”
She took my dishes and headed back inside. I tipped her very nicely and headed back to my last two-and-a-half hours at work.







Chapter Eleven





Wednesday I woke in early-morning blue when a voice suddenly blared out in my apartment.
“Good morning, Marquet! This is Sandra Teller, here to tell you the news and play you the tunes as you get ready to drag your sad carcass into work, this lovely Wednesday morning. The time is six in the a.m. and the date is October the third.”
I at first could not tell where I was, but out of the window I could see the neighbor's roof, and my neck had a twinge from the arm of the couch; I had fallen asleep in the living room again, floating on radio static peacefully until Ms. Teller had disrupted it.
I laid back down a minute, during the weather report. Gloom but no rain, Sandra predicted.
Wednesday. Green suit. Has it really been only one week since I was given that promotion? Since I met Sterling? Since I had last worn that suit. One wardrobe's rotation.
It was a strange concept. My life was divided, not in days or weeks, but into five separate-but-not-equal suits, and a few miscellaneous dresses, blouses and that one pair of trousers for the weekend. Order and chaos; how my life had always been. But lately the chaos hadn't been confined only to my trousers and loafers. Even I, supremely organized and punctual, couldn't section off the chaos.
Shower. Hair combed out and primped a little. Beige bra, underwear and pantyhose, white blouse, green skirt and jacket. Matching heels with a handsome little copper buckle.
It was still very early and so had eggs, bacon and an orange for breakfast. I put some scraps in the alley on my way out, and heard my tabby padding out of the shadows as I walked away.
When I entered the building, more eyes than usual looked up at me. And as I headed down the rows of occupied telegraphs, I saw why. Gotthard Knellar was in Wilhelm Martin's office, both supervisors on their feet though chairs were available, and had a file sitting on Fat Wilhelm's desk between them.
Knellar wasn't stationary, and when he turned around he saw me, immediately waving for me to join them. The fear spiked; it had been a few days, and I hadn’t realized it, but, I had been craving a new dose of it. I bowed my head and pushed on, reaching them, and Knellar opened the door for me, a moment later.
“Good morning, Sirs.”
“Good morning, Maren,” Wilhelm said.
Knellar said, “Not so good for some. Mr. Martin was just telling me that unfortunately, Sterling Stratus will not be joining us again, today.”
I was nearly sure I hid my alarm. “Why not?”
Wilhelm answered. “Under the weather, still. He did manage to drop off his weekly reports, he seemed very confident that you could manage them yourself, or with Mr. Knellar's assistance.”
“We'll pull through, I think.”
“Yes, I think we will. He isn't even needed, really, for the transmission of his reports. To clarify some messy handwriting, maybe. But we let him stick around. Probably lonely. And there's certainly worse company to be had?”
He got a chuckle out of Fat Wilhelm and when they looked back at me, I smiled pleasantly. Inside I was screaming.

*

At lunch I went and sat outside Lecker for an hour. Sterling didn't show. I didn't eat but left a nice tip anyway, and headed back to the office for my last few hours. I entered Sterling's weekly report to Berlin, and meanwhile planned what I would say to him, later. I'd go to him if he wouldn't face me. I'd pound on his door until he answered. Stand there all night if I had to.
I was the first passenger on the evening train back to Pine Hills. Austen and three others followed before long. The conductor with the cleft in his chin, Daniel, surveyed the passengers a moment, and his eyes landed on me.
“I figured it out,” he said proudly.
I put on a smile, though I was out of patience. “Oh?”
“You must have a night job, down the mountain.”
“A night job? Do you think I'm a miner? Or a prostitute to the miners?”
Austen looked up from her book, blinking.
The conductor's bright smile faded. “Prostitute? No, no.”
“Drive the train, please, Daniel.”
“Of course. I'm sorry.” And he disappeared into the control room.
Austen smiled at me, then focused again on her book.
I studied the cover. Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen. “That's a very good book.”
“Yes, it is. I've read it before.”
“Is she your namesake?”
The girl nodded, bashful. “I write poems sometimes.”
I smiled, though as she turned her attention back to her book, I was still watching her. She was in her early twenties, had to be. There were ten years between us, and it might as well have been ten thousand miles she still had to go. I'd bet my hands that she wouldn't still be writing love poems when she was my age.
The train docked at the station in Pine Hills, and I was standing before it had come to a complete stop -though they advise against that. There was a light fog over the town, even gloomier a day than it had been in Marquet.
I started immediately north, but when I saw a few miners, still in their coveralls, congregating at the entrance to the bar, I stopped. They were huddled together, and when they noticed me, they immediately looked away.
“What's going on?” I asked, approaching.
Two didn't answer or look up. The third woman said, “Nothing.”
I'm still an outsider.
I moved past them and pushed open the door, which made the bar instantly quiet in a way it never had before. The crowd was thicker than usual, but Beatrix was not among them, from what I could see. I didn't see Andrew Stratus, nor Tony Rook, both of whom I had at least spoken to before. Tony could still be sick, I reasoned. But Andrew and his father both absent from their routines?
I moved to the bar, and asked Maggie, “What's going on?”
Her face turned to me, her unseeing eyes. She must have known my voice. “Tony Rook passed away last night. He's been sick… And then today, in the afternoon, something happened at the radio station in Marquet. We don't have any of the facts, yet. But one minute, Sandra Teller was on, the next minute there were gunshots and the broadcasting stopped. It hasn't come back on since then.”
I stood on my toes to try to look over the heads of the women making up the mob. “Beatrix isn't here?”
“No.”
Good, I thought, turning away. The group at the door parted again to let me by, and I went on heading north. Andrew Stratus absent from the bar, where everyone else was gathered, and Sterling absent from his weekly report, and Tony Rook dead, and something bad happening over live radio… I didn't know what to think, but my heart was racing and my feet were starting to clop faster and faster on the dirt road, until I saw the trees, and then I was through them, and onto the Stratus estate.
Kelly the housekeeper was stepping out of the front door as I approached. When she heard me coming her hand shot to her chest, then she sighed shakily. “Oh God,” she breathed. “Oh God, you scared me.”
I jogged the last length of the drive up to her. “Is Sterling here?”
She looked bewildered and her eyebrows pulled up at the inside corners, forming a vertical line over her nose. Grief. Hard to fake, and why would she?
“Is he here!?” I repeated, pushing by her when she opened her mouth but didn't answer.
I flung the heavy door open and too late heard her whisper, “I'm sorry...”
The terror was like a cold snake writhing in my stomach, while everywhere else felt hot; my palms, my cheeks, the back of my neck. I remembered, then; sometimes the flash of excitement ends in calm, in gratitude, and sometimes, it ends like this. I took the stairs three at a time, stumbled at the top but kept moving as I turned left on the landing. A light was burning in the study, and I hit the door at a jog; it hadn't been latched shut. It flung open and I stopped after a few steps as my heels thudded on carpet.
Andrew Stratus was sitting at his father's desk. He looked up at me. His face was blank, but he had his father's sad eyes.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“Where's Sterling?”
“How do you know my father?”
“Where is he!?” I demanded, marching over to the desk.
“He's dead, I think.”
The slithering in my guts stopped. My heart stopped, too. “How?”
“You shouldn't be here, they'll be coming soon.”
“Please, just tell me what happened.”
“Sterling came to me late last night and told me… well, it doesn't matter what he told me but the point is I knew something was wrong. Then today we heard over the radio… gunshots.”
“That doesn't mean that it was him-.”
Andrew stood and crossed to the diamond-framed shelves on the far wall, and grabbed from the lower corner a cigar box. He flipped it open, whirled around and showed it to me, all with his right arm tucked into his pocket where it ended.
“My grandfather's six-shooter is gone.”
He tossed the box down on the desk, and a few spare shells rattled around inside it. But as if the box itself offended him, he turned and flung it off the desk, so it crashed into the wall and broke into pieces. Breathing deeply, Andrew leaned on the desk and contained himself. “My father was always a bit unhinged. This makes sense if you really know him. How do you know him, anyway?”
My throat was a tangle; it was half a trembling, shaky sigh, half of me biting down a sob. After a few seconds I managed to get out the words, “We’re friends.” I realized my nails were digging into my hand, hard enough to draw blood.
“You're Beatrix's girlfriend, from England, and you were friends with my father?”
“Yes.”
“Well I'm sorry for your loss,” he snapped, “but you really can't be here. You shouldn't even be in town when they come.”
“The train won't run again until tomorrow morning, to take the coal up the mountain.”
“It will. It brings day-workers back from Marquet, but it also docks there for the night. If you hurry you can catch the last trip back.”
I took a step back, began to turn, but stopped. “Thank you. And I'm so sorry...”
“Don't be.” But he wasn't convincing. “Just get out of here.”
I had no choice. As I hurried back through town, I felt numbed to everything else by overpowering guilt. Andrew was right, the train was ready to head back to its station. I suppose I had just never noticed it before. I was the only one to board it. Daniel looked puzzled by my presence, but said nothing.
After a few minutes, the train started to move, building speed. My last glance of Pine Hills as the train ascended was of its lights beginning to flicker on in the evening dim.
If you had just listened to him when you found out.
If you had just told him that there was nothing he could have done.
That you knew he wasn't evil.
If you hadn't called him a coward.
I felt like I would begin to weep at any second, but before too long the train was docking and I was standing, moving to exit onto the platform without really deciding to. Home wasn't far. On the street, it was light-to-dark, light-to-dark, light-to-dark in and out of street lights only a dozen times before I turned off into my alley and dragged leaden feet up my stairs.
The neighborhood tabby padded out of its hiding place, but I had nothing for it. I had my key in the lock when a voice called out on the street below.
“Excuse me? You're Maren Abernathy?”
My shoulders slumped. “Yes.” The fit blonde girl who started to climb my steps could have been sent to kill me, I still wouldn't be bothered.
“Package for you.”
“Bit late for that, isn't it?” I accepted the little bundle, wrapped in brown paper.
“Express delivery; all hours. Sign here? Enjoy your night.”
“Yes, you as well.” How there were still words coming out of my mouth, I couldn't fathom.
The messenger padded away and I turned my key and slid inside. Shoes off, jacket off, shirt off too, it felt like I couldn't breathe. I rubbed a hand along the chafed area just above my belly button where my skirt dug in, heading into the living room. I thought briefly about wine, but if the gates weren't going to break on their own, why encourage them?
And so far I still felt numb. I tried to find where the package had a seam, but couldn't find one. So my nails dug in and I ripped the thing open, accidentally spilling a square thing onto the ground. I flicked on the lamp by the couch, and saw a book, face down.
Dread, alive and well.
'A New Nobility of Blood and Soil' by Richard Walther Darré.
My hand trembled as I bent to pick it up.
Please no.
Its leather cover groaned as I opened it, and the title page said: Out of the Dark by Helen Keller. He had been trying to give it to me, in his study, that afternoon, and had made sure that it found its way to me, maybe one of the last things he had done.
I turned the thing over in my hands, and sat down. Skimmed through the pages, feeling the breeze from it wash over my face carrying that smell of an old book; an aged idea. Then it fell to a page with the corner dog-eared, and I saw an underlining at the end of a chapter.
Helen Keller's words, left for me.
I am indignant at the treatment of the brave, patient women of England.
And then, after a bit:
I am filled with anguish when I think of the degradation, the enslavement and the industrial tyranny which crush millions, and drag down women and helpless children.
My eyes were warm. Tears were spilling over and I made sure they didn't fall on the precious pages, pulling the thing to my chest as a sob clawed its way out of my throat. A second later I was gulping down a breath and my body was wracked with tremors. I folded in on myself and wept.







Chapter Twelve





The night passed in a haze, in and out of sleep, miserable and stuffy-nosed when my eyes drifted open to take in the dark room. After long, I could close my swollen eyes but sleep wouldn't come any more, shallow or not. The sky started to lighten. I rose with a dull ache behind my eyes and put on clothes, not paying attention to what. A black skirt, a white blouse, my tan raincoat.
It was chilly outside but I didn't mind it. Still before dawn and the streets were empty. I had been imagining Sterling's final moments at the radio station, or maybe dreaming them, all night. And so that morning I was headed to the radio station, a squat, square, gray building set back from Main Street a good ways, on high ground.
My breath misted as I walked, and I put my hands in my pockets. There was the building, as soon as I turned a corner, and out front, a crowd of at least a dozen. As I got closer, I realized that every single face in the crowd was black; mostly women, middle-aged and older, though there were two boys who had to be in their teens, as well. A few, grey, old men.
Up the set of stairs leading to the front door, a uniformed Nazi was standing with an automatic rifle; he wasn't moving, and neither were the crowd. They weren't chanting, or holding signs. Just standing.
I inched up to the edge of the group, and asked one woman in a whisper, “What's going on, here?”
“The-,” a shaky breath, “the German officers won't tell us anything. Not yesterday, either, after some mad man tried to take over the airwaves. They were already here by the time the first of us arrived, to check on Sandra. And after her final broadcast of the afternoon, they escorted her away, armed to the teeth.”
“Are you Ms. Teller's family?”
“Her sons and her sister are here, not the rest of us. The rest of us are just here as a show of solidarity.”
“What happens if Ms. Teller doesn't come back?”
She turned her pursed lips to me. “Nothing ever happens when they don't come back. Five years ago, there would have been twice as many of us.”
I gave a sympathetic nod, then turned as other heads did the same, a set of heels came clicking up the street, the same way I had come. The padded sound came of two Nazis clomping just behind as a woman I assumed was Sandra Teller bundled her large jacket tighter around herself. Her face was nice and smooth, cut by round, pinkish cheeks, and big, dark eyes; a beauty.
“All this on my account?”
Yes, surely that was the voice I heard most mornings.
The two boys, maybe twelve and fifteen, hurried to hug her. She gave them each an arm but didn't stop walking, murmuring to them something we couldn't hear.
A woman who I guessed was her younger sister, maybe my age, pushed through the crowd. “Sandra, are you alright?”
“I'm doing fine. Martha, would you please take the boys home, and make sure they make it to school. I'll be home when you get home. I promise.” She raised her voice to talk to the others gathered in front of the station, still moving toward the stairs. “Everything is alright, but thank you, everyone, for your concern. Please, go about your lives. If you need to see that I'm okay, you can hear me every weekday on your radio, from five until two.”
Sandra and her two Nazi escorts climbed the stairs and went inside. Her sister escorted the boys away, and the rest of the crowd began mulling around, saying their goodbyes, and dispersing.
On a hunch I plucked myself up and marched over to the building, climbing the stairs with my chin out, moving with purpose. The Nazi guard followed me with his eyes but didn't intervene, probably because I was white.
Inside the room was warm. A tiny bathroom to the right, beyond it a cubicle enclosed in glass where the machines, record player, record collection and several microphones were all huddled around a desk. Both of the Nazis were standing there, posture lax, chatting. I skirted to the left, to the counter in the corner where Sandra was making herself coffee.
“Excuse me.”
She looked over, her full lips, painted purple-red, pursed as she took me in. “Can I help you?”
“What happened yesterday?”
She huffed, going back to stirring her coffee. “You've got guts. Not smart, though. Nazis the next room over, here to keep things quiet, and you walk right in and ask me that stupid question.”
“Please, he was my friend.” My voice broke and her face turned sympathetic.
She checked the clock, glanced back at the two men, then said in a rush, “He came in, he had a gun. He fired. He told me to get out of the way, and that he didn't want to hurt me. I moved, but I did ask him why.”
I blinked, looked at the Nazis, and back to Sandra. “He told you.”
“You know?” Then she was sizing me up. “They got here so fast, I think they had someone tailing him, or maybe they're always watching the building.”
“Now they're here to make sure you don't broadcast it to everyone.”
“And I won't. I wish I could go back to not knowing. If my sons only have a few years left, they're going to have those few years with me.”
She tried to turn away but I caught her arm. “But we can stop it. Stop it from happening to anyone else.”
Sandra looked at the clock and the cubicle again, where the Nazis had noticed me, then she smiled big and pulled me into a hug. She murmured into my ear, “Get out of here before they take you away, just like your friend, just like my husband and everyone else.” But she was slipping a card into my breast pocket. “If you have something solid, then and only then you can come to me.”
“Thank you.” I turned to go, even managing a phony smile and a, “Have a pleasant day,” to the Nazi guard outside.
The sun was coming up and Sandra was ready to start the broadcast; it had to be six. On the street a few restaurants were opening early, and an old florist was tending his flowers with a mug of steaming coffee nearby. He waved to me, and I waved back.
I was heading toward home, not knowing anywhere else to go, when I reached my tailor's shop and saw a light burning inside in the apartment upstairs, I stopped. I knocked on the glass, and there was Hilda coming down the stairs. She tapped an imaginary watch on her wrist, and I made a begging gesture. Probably she remembered me, and assumed I was a nice payday, because she came the rest of the way and unlocked the door, waving me in, out of the cold.

*

I was wearing black, when I headed into the office, two hours later. A crisp new jacket with a white line around the pockets and lapels that matched the black skirt and shoes I wore. It was my little act of defiance. They were going to disappear Sterling and never speak of him again. No funeral service, no obituary in the paper. At least one person was going to mourn.
Gotthard Knellar checked in at ten, when I was transmitting reports to Moscow.
“Good morning. How is everything?”
“Fine, Sir,” I replied.
He frowned. “You don't look so good today, Maren.”
I hadn't slept or eaten and I wasn't wearing makeup. That was an understatement. “I'll be okay.”
“Are you positive?”
“Yes, thank you.”
“Very well. I'll check back in later. Carry on with the good work.”
And he left me alone with my headache and my machine, incessantly beep-beep beep beep-beeping in my ear.
The hours dragged on. Noon came and went and I kept working. One o'clock. Hungry and tired but I kept working. Two o'clock. Was Sterling a bad man, if he couldn't be considered 'good'? Three o'clock.
Knellar came back in. I was in a good place to finish, so I signed off and turned to face him, giving a tired smile.
“How are you feeling?” he asked.
“Fine,” I lied.
“I brought the weekly report to Berlin, from the base. It's just a few pages, you know the procedure.”
Military information, including lines of code. “Yes, Sir.”
He offered it, but withdrew the folder a second later. “Did you have lunch?”
I shook my head.
“Alright. Finish this report. I'll sit with you. And then you should go home.”
“Oh,” I breathed, accepting the file and eagerly sitting back down. “Thank you, Sir. I do need rest.”
The numbers went fast enough. Then the cryptic lines, the first of which sent a cold blade sliding through the vertebrae in my lower back. I was suddenly sure that one of the words was Stratus. There was the most commonly used single-letter on the page, and there it was again with another behind it; as; and that word, his name, was S-x-x-A-x-x-S. If, in a week’s time, it wasn’t there, at the top of the page, I would know I was correct. There would be no more need to mention the mayor, my dear friend. And I was correct, his name could be just what I needed to build a key, break the code, and transcribe my stolen pages.
“All finished,” I said.
“Get out of here, then. I mean it, I won't take no for an answer.”
As I headed for the door, smiling, he clapped a hand on my shoulder, and I had to stifle a shudder as I went. I knew I shouldn't, and couldn't go to Pine Hills. Not for a few days, at least. Sunday, maybe, but going down into the mines, we might need to postpone. I would leave that up to Beatrix.
As if the week hadn't been bad enough, my period had started when I got home. And not eating only made the cramps worse, so I forced myself to eat a slice of bread, and picked at the other things in my kitchen, though my appetite was lackluster.
I wanted wine but I didn't. I wanted sleep but it didn't want me. I took a bath. Washed my hair. Combed it until I couldn't hold my arms up anymore, then switched on the radio and listened to the nighttime radio host, while opening up Out of the Dark once more, to the front page. I would give myself through the weekend. Then I would pick myself up, buy a German dictionary, and get to work.







Chapter Thirteen





Friday I woke in my bed, having retreated there after the airwaves went dead at ten. The sky was brightening, and I realized I had slept, at least somewhat. Life goes on, and if you don't go on with it, it will leave you behind.
I decided to wear the black jacket again, but put it over the red velvet skirt and paired it with red lipstick. Routines can become stale, but traditions are often valid. If there were a reason to deviate from my suit-schedule, surely it was for a man no one else would bother to mourn.
I made it to work on time, and kept my posture straight through the whole day. My focus was not so easily won, but I managed until four o'clock, then went home and cooked a roast and some potatoes and carrots. Trimmings went to the tabby.
I read Helen Keller. I listened to the radio, they were playing old jazz that was pleasantly removing. I took a bath. I went to bed.
Saturday. Was Saturday too early to go down the mountain again? Beatrix couldn't send word to me. I couldn't know if everything was business as usual in the town, if the mines were trudging along just fine without their owner, or if they were being watched and scrutinized.
But then, they were already being watched, weren't they? If they knew, they knew, and I wanted to see Beatrix, and fortune favored the bold, and so I packed a bag, went and got on the train.
Austen was there again, looking slept on but in fresh clothes and with a bag on one slender shoulder.
We smiled at each other but said nothing. If she hadn't guessed up to that point that I went down the mountain to see someone, she must have at that moment. And that meant either a very young boy, a very old man, or a woman. I hadn't realized it before, but her having someone in Marquet could mean the same thing; she might love a woman, not a Nazi. But she had never looked at me the way that men and Beatrix did, and surely, she would have.
We docked at the station and I gestured for her to go ahead and step off first onto the platform. She hurried down onto the dirt road and I lagged among the station's benches, unsure of myself. As soon as I turned off onto the stairs, I saw Beatrix standing at the nearest corner, and she smiled at me, giving a nod. She spun and started walking, and after a beat I followed, keeping a safe distance between us.
When I reached the crowded streets of her neighborhood I had lost sight of her, and when I turned into her alley I habitually glanced around for anyone who might be watching, but saw no one.
As soon as I stepped through the door, she was pulling me close and wrapping strong arms around me. I melted into the embrace, tears springing up.
“Are you okay?”
“I'm fine.” I didn't sound fine. I sounded like a liar.
“You considered him a friend.”
“I knew him a week, we weren't exactly planning the wedding. How did you even know that I knew?”
She pulled away but went on rubbing up and down my arms. “Andrew told me.”
“What happens now?”
“Good question. We'll probably go about electing a new mayor. And… Andrew technically inherited the mines. He asked me to stay on as foreman, since Tony passed.”
“That's good,” I said. “Good for you. You do want it, don't you?”
“Yeah, I guess. I just wish Tony didn't have to die for it to happen.”
“Of course.”
“I'm glad you're here, though,” Beatrix said.
“Why?”
“I don't think we should wait until tomorrow. I think we should go into the mines today.”
“Really? So soon after everything that happened?”
“Better now than when Nazis show up to supervise my supervising and rig the election to suit them.”
“And investigate Sterling,” I wondered aloud. “We should go today. Now.”
“I have everything we'll need.” She looked me over. “But you'll have to borrow some shoes.”

*

The miner's lighted helmet and heavy boots made me feel oafish as I clomped up the northwest-winding road behind Beatrix, but I couldn't care less. My heart was pounding, my mouth was dry.
“We'll go in through the main entrance, then it's a long walk.”
“I'm ready,” I breathed, flexing and tightening my hand at my side.
The road started to angle upward, and we had left the cloistered walls of Pine Hills behind. Out in front of us were the capped mountains, and not far in the distance, at the top of the sloping road cut with track for carts, what looked like a perilous heap of potentially crushing rock supported only by the three wooden beams at the mouth of the entrance.
I imagined someone having to walk out of the beautiful world, down into a place that was suffocating and dark, every day of their life. And I felt my chest swell with pride for every citizen of Pine Hills.
On either side of the rising walk, a steep slope of dark gravel. To the right, to the north, the ground plateaued and after a few hundred feet was the small lake nestled among a ring of foliage. Left were more rocky hills.
We trudged on, still climbing. My arches ached. Beatrix swept runaway hair behind her ear, and turned to look back at the distant figures of town. She stopped suddenly, and I did, too, glancing over. Her face flashed the briefest panic, then she reached out and delivered a hard shove to my chest, sending me skidding back and over the edge of the track.
A moment of shock froze time around me. But then gravity intervened and I was twisting in the air, and first my knees, then my ribs, then my back were ricocheting off the ground. I turned over again and again, rocks unsettling, dust springing up and choking me as I skittered down the slope and finally thudded onto the ground. My breath knocked out of me, pain blossoming all over, yet blanketed, dulled, by betrayal's sting. How could she? And why would she?
Was she really Jewish? Was she really gay? My mind spun with the horrifying possibility that my work would lead back to my family, would ruin them or get them killed.
For a moment I just laid on the hard dirt, stunned. If the game was over, the game was over; no need to prolong it by running or hiding. Remarkably, nothing seemed to be broken. Blood trickled down from my knee, and my hands, brought up to stifle a groan, were scraped raw. Up, up the slope, Beatrix was a brunette bird against the blue sky as she looked down on me. I heard a chatter. Then up the winding road, a black automobile rambled out of the town.
It took a second longer than it should have for me to realize that it was not right. The betrayal faded, though pain spread like wildfire as I slid closer to the embankment. A large rock that I had been lucky to miss rested a few feet further toward the mines, and I crawled madly for its cover as the car appeared again, this time up beside Beatrix.
She stood waiting for the two uniformed Nazis who got out of their car and approached her. I hugged closer to the rock, and hunkered down, but not so far that I couldn't see when the soldiers each latched onto one of her arms and started to lead her. I clamped a hand over my mouth, pinched my eyes shut and waited. Until the car was no longer visible, and then until I could no longer hear the knock and purr of its engine.
Then I wound my fingers into my hair and screamed.







Chapter Fourteen





By noon I had found the courage to walk out of the valley and back down the road into town. It looked still from what I could see, though I stayed along the outskirts and then in the back alleys as I headed to Beatrix's house.
As soon as I got through the door, I was collapsing onto the sofa. No tears came, I just laid and stared at the ceiling, and hugged myself.
Going to anyone with the news that Beatrix had been taken wouldn't do any good. It would only put me at risk, and put her even more at risk. If Sterling were still alive, I might go and ask him to help any way he could, even if it only meant putting in a good word. But Sterling was dead, and maybe Beatrix, too, and I felt as if soon I would get a letter from home saying that there had been some kind of gruesome accident; as I heard that death came in threes. Maybe my existence had been some kind of gruesome accident, and this was the universe correcting its mistake. It would explain being a woman who loved women, born under a Nazi regime.
You're a mistake, I mused, and squeezed myself tighter. Do the universe a favor and fade away.
I shut my eyes. It was all catching up to me, but at least I was aware of it. I drifted off.
I dreamed of a long hallway with seven doors that wouldn't open, filling with foamy sea water until I was squeezed up against the ceiling, treading water, and I couldn't kick any more and went under.
But then I woke up and it was dark out. I moved around Beatrix's one-room house, lighting candles. Eight o'clock at night. Would some other British Liberties agent be checking in through international communications? Maybe someone down the mountain, or back east, had already uncovered the dead American boys, and word had only just begun to spread. Maybe we had won the war back home, already.
Those and other things, I sat pondering at Beatrix's kitchen table. What would I do if she didn't come back? Would I still go in to work on Monday? Or would I call in sick and wait another day, or two, or three, hoping she would return to me?
Or… the thought crept up from under the dark. Or would I go back up the mountain, build a bomb in my kitchen, then walk into the German barracks with it strapped to my chest? Take as many Nazis with me as I could. Send word to Sandra Teller beforehand that no one else was going to do anything; that like it or not, it had to be us. Whether she answered the call would not be my problem; I would be dead.
I blinked and held my palm over the candle's flame, letting it burn me for one second, then two, then three before my instincts for self-preservation kicked in. I imagined it all over my body, and rubbed the burned, scraped flesh. Could I do it? Yes. Would I? Most likely not.
Instead I would go in to work on Monday, in my baby blue suit. Tuesday I would wear peach and maybe get a visit from Gotthard Knellar with the bad news about Mr. Stratus. Wednesday I would wear green, and miss the funeral. Thursday my plum suit would go up in flames at the barracks. Friday in red velvet I would meet Sterling in Hell.
Would Sterling have a funeral?
If he did I resolved to go.
I puttered around Beatrix's house for another hour, then finally got up the courage to venture out into the night to watch from afar and see if the bar was occupied. It was not. Was the town crawling with Nazis? I couldn't know, but I kept to the shadows to head back to the house.
I passed the night writing a letter home filled with everything that had happened. About Sterling dying, and what he had told me, and how I wasn't sure if he were a good person or not. About trying to investigate, and Beatrix being taken, and how I wasn't sure if she were coming back or not. Even though I wasn't going to send the letter, I felt like writing it made some things fall into place, and calmed me. Even though I wasn't going to send the letter, I didn't include my thoughts of blowing up the barracks, or having spoken to Sandra Teller. Nothing that would hypothetically worry my parents too much, nothing that would implicate anybody else, were the letter somehow discovered.
When I was finished, and it totaled nine pages, I started a fire in the hearth and burned them all.
The night had ticked by and it was two a.m. I moved around the house again, touching things but not picking anything up. Finally I wound up on the couch and pulled my knees up to my chest, and watched the door.
The shameful thing, I realized, was that I really thought she had switched allegiance and shoved me over that embankment to kill or maim me.
But like Sterling Stratus mangling his teenage son to keep him from being drafted and executed, Beatrix had given me a push and sent me tumbling to keep the Nazis from finding me trying to investigate the mines. For her, a trip to the mines on her day off was out of the ordinary. For me it was outlandish and suspicious. Catch the two of us together and it was conspiracy, fraternization; a death sentence, more or less. She had probably saved both of our lives. If only she would be okay.
I set my pocket watch on the sofa's arm. Four o'clock came and went. I tried to read but couldn't focus, and so I just watched the door. At five the sky began to lighten from black to royal blue. By six it was periwinkle.
At half-past six, I heard the ambling of a car approaching, and jumped to my feet. My heart in my throat was choking me as the car stopped outside, and the passenger door opened. Suddenly I was afraid they would come inside to search, and I might as well have killed myself, waiting in Beatrix's home.
Climb out the back window and run?
But the Nazi must have thought himself a gentleman, because he was only opening the back door to let Beatrix out. She held onto the door's frame for a moment, then started toward the door. I ducked behind the couch, heard the door open, and the car starting to putter away, then the door closed and I ran to her.
“Are you alright?” I cupped her face, seeing the beginnings of a bruise around her temple, as if she had been back-handed. The sight made me burn. She looks more beautiful to me than she ever has.
She grabbed my hands and squeezed them. “I'm okay. Are you? I'm sorry I had to push you.”
“Don't apologize!” I led her to the couch and sat beside her. “You saved me, you saved us both.” I kissed her lips and nose and cheek. “Tell me what happened.”
“Not much. They escorted me to Marquet, to a room inside the barracks, and kept me there all day and night, asking me questions the whole time. I said I was going into the mines because I had lost my necklace there the day before. One of them said I was lying, the other one asked me about my family, and my relationship with Sterling Stratus, and how I liked working in the mines. I answered their questions, the first said I was lying, the second brought me a glass of water. They asked me to recite the history of the Third Reich and recount the birth and early life of our Führer. I messed up and the first guy punched me, but I got through most of it. I think they were already coming to get me when they saw people at the mines and came to investigate.”
“But why were they coming to get you?”
“Because I'm going to be the new foreman of the mines. Just as a reminder that they've got their thumb over me. Over all of us.”
“So you must have passed their tests, then?”
“Yeah, I think so. Someone else came in at the end and had me fill out some paperwork, and explained my new benefits.”
“That's good then,” I said. But my eyes were tearing up, and I reached out to pull her into me. “I was so worried.”
“I was worried about you, too. Nothing broken?”
“No.”
“But your knees are bloody. And your hands.”
She stood and moved to the kitchen area and wet a cloth. I hadn't thought to wash the abrasions yet, and realized my knees were smudged dirty and dried bloody. Beatrix came back to me and held out my hands first, wiped them clean, then picked up my legs and stretched them out on her lap, gently rubbing the cool cloth on them.
I reached out to hold her other hand and said nothing.
After a minute though, Beatrix spoke up. “We can go back. They're having Tony's funeral tomorrow -today. Everyone should be there. If I really passed the Nazi's tests, we should be okay. If you still want to investigate.”
I squeezed her hand, and looked away. “Yes, I do. I have to. You should draw me a map and I should go on my own. They don't know that I'm here, so it would be safer to go alone, and you should be at Tony's funeral.”
“No,” she snapped, suddenly angry. “Absolutely not. You've never set foot in a mine before, and you think I'd let you go alone into a shaft that could be compromised?”
“I guess not.”
She sighed. “I'm sorry. I'm tired.”
“When is the funeral?”
“Noon.”
I coaxed her into lying down beside me and draped one arm over her side. “Sleep, then.” With my other hand I stroked her hair.
“Okay.”
But I couldn't help but to ask one more question. “They won't do anything for Sterling, will they?”
“I don't think so. I'm sorry. I'll raise a toast to him tomorrow, after work, alright?”
“Thank you.”







Chapter Fifteen





At ten to noon I gave Beatrix a nudge, and as she was waking kissed down the side of her head to her neck. She groaned and covered her eyes.
“I know you're tired, I'm sorry. Thank you so much for this. Let me make you some eggs. Or oatmeal?”
“Eggs,” she grumbled, and rolled off of the sofa to head to the bathroom.
I fried eggs and cut her some bread, buttered it and chopped an apple up, too. When she was washed up, she came in and I went to the bathroom, saying as I passed by her, “Eat up.”
I was too nervous to eat, myself, but I sat with her until she was finished and pulled on the borrowed pair of boots again.
Beatrix sighed, then pulled on a coat and boots as well. “You lost your helmet when you fell, didn't you?”
I hadn't realized, but nodded.
“Take mine.”
I obeyed. “Thank you for doing this.”
“If we're being honest, I don't see the point in investigating the Nazis. It seems to me like ignorance is bliss, when knowledge won't do you any good.”
I felt a blade of guilt trace a sharp circle around my stomach, just to remind me that it was there. But I kept calm and said, “Sterling died for this.”
Still, the thought occurred to me that I could spare her from learning that her brother had likely been burned, down in the mines, eleven years ago. If I let that heinous secret live for selfish reasons, that would make me the same as Sterling. I couldn't let that happen, though I was beginning to see how easy it would be to make the same decision he had made.
Does Andrew know? I wondered as we walked out the door and into the cold afternoon. He had said his father was acting strange, the day before he died. That Sterling had told him something. And that something, I remembered, Andrew wasn't eager to share with me.
The walk was harder the second time. I kept glancing back, until Beatrix put a hand on my shoulder and we started to climb up the sloping road. I nearly tripped on the track in one place, and I could feel us walking faster as we reached the final stretch. There was the entrance, and Beatrix was smiling as she took the first step into the shaded tunnel. I turned my helmet on and the dim entryway and darker expanding cavern up ahead became illuminated.
There were support beams evenly distributed through the length of the main cavern, and angled up to the top; a wooden spider’s web holding up tons of crushing rock. Further in was a fork in the tunnel.
“We go right.”
“North?” I asked.
“Yes, North.”
We stayed on the track as we headed deeper into the mines, and the walls were grey stone streaked with veins of black.
“It's so stuffy down here,” I observed.
Beatrix huffed. “There are air shafts, you won't die.”
We were going further out and came to another fork, and took another right. We must have walked a mile before Beatrix stopped alongside an offshoot of the main shaft, the entrance to which was crossed out by beams and hung with warning signs.
She kicked a leg over one beam and ducked her head under the other, sliding through into the darkness. I followed, and there the ceiling of the cavern was lower, and the walls were closer in, and there was no track laid for carts to pass over.
We walked a minute, and Beatrix said, “This is it.”
I saw what she meant, that the tunnel opened into a larger seam, and inside it seemed to have a brighter complexion that the part we were trudging through. As she stepped through into it first, she came to a stop, looking to the side where the room expanded. I hurried to follow, and saw slattern lines, the shadows of a grate, falling in the pool of light coming from the air shaft above. And in the back of the room, the wall was boxy metal built into the available space, a ruthless black color with three evenly spaced doors latched shut a few feet off of the ground.
Strangely the first thing that came to my mind was a pizza oven in Italy, the summer I was twelve and Katherine was eight, and dad took the whole family on a business trip that he'd had to plan for months and bribe a lot of people to get the proper approval for. With the Nazis in England, the restrictions on travel only got tighter and tighter every year, and it had been essentially our last chance. The pizza had been crisp and bubbling with globs of real cheese, and browned little tomatoes that I loved so much. You could almost taste the bright countryside in every bite.
But the thing was not a pizza oven; it was an incinerator, I knew it immediately. Beatrix though, rushed over and wrenched open one of the doors, though I called out to her, “Don't-!”
She dragged a sliding metal sheet from within the tube, and covered her mouth, spinning away as dust plumed up into the air. She made a retching noise, stumbling away, and I started to rush to her but stopped dead. There were still fragments of bones on the sheet, what looked like a smashed skull, here, and a chipped-away pelvis there. The remains could easily be Sterling's, though chances were equally good he could be in either of the other stalls.
“Oh God,” Beatrix choked out, moving for the entryway back into the tunnel. “Oh my God.” But she stopped short to look back at me. “They're burning people? Are they burning them alive, do you think that they at least kill them first?” Her lip was quivering, her hands were on her cheeks, clawing at her hair. She screamed finally, “How could we be so stupid!?”
“You're not stupid! You're not! We all fell for it. The letters made it seem real, it made sense for the men to serve in the military.”
“The letters?” She pulled away from me when I reached for her. “No. Ross has been writing to us. He's in Berlin, he's close to being made an officer. They're not killing everybody! They can't kill everybody!”
“Beatrix,” I said her name and inched closer. “I'm so sorry.” Pushing past the knot in my throat I forced out the words, “Sterling told me. It's everyone. They want our product and our women, and they want us to be weak.”
“-No!”
“That's why he hurt Andrew, because the mayor's son, with only one hand, he wouldn't have to go, he wouldn't be a threat. And his wife killed herself when she found out. It's true, Beatrix.”
Her eyes were streaming. Mine, somehow, were not.
“Ross is dead? Ross has been dead for eleven years? And we've been keeping letters from some Nazi?” She laughed, starting to shake all over, and turned away from me to start down the tunnel.
“I'm so sorry.”
“You knew!” she shrieked, still going. “You brought me down here to see where he died, when you already knew!?”
“I'm so sorry, Beatrix, I had to be sure!”
She walked, and cried, for a few more steps, then stopped and leaned on the cavern wall. “How- how am I supposed to t- tell my mom and dad?” she was sobbing like a child and I stood back and wasn't sure what to do. “What now? I want to kill them all.” Her voice was hardly over a squeak. “I want to kill every one of them. Can your friends help- help us with that?”
She meant my connection to British Liberties, and I gave the honest answer. “I don't know. We might be on our own.”
Beatrix had stopped gulping for breath. “We can't even join together with the other mountain towns. So, what? It's just a bunch of miners against an entire Nazi military base?”
“We could blow it up,” I murmured. “I could blow it up. I will if you want me to.”
She laughed hysterically again, then bowed over as if she were in pain. Which I supposed she was. “No. You're not going to blow anything up, you'd get yourself killed. We'll go back and I'll get some people together. We'll plan from there. We need everyone to know about this. It's going to take time. Let's go.”
I followed, and we arduously made our way out of the mine. The ground sloped upward on the way back and my feet were screaming by the time the light of the day appeared, and the exit of the cave expanded like a wide, yawning jaw.
Beatrix put out an arm and I bumped into her, glancing up in time to see two cars coming out of the trees, up toward us.
Backing up a few steps into the mines, she turned to look at me, and I felt taken by a dread so sure that it could have been Death itself tapping on my shoulder, reminding me of its eventuality. I reached out for Beatrix's hand, and she took mine, but then she was pulling me deeper into the mines. She brought me into the dark of the left branch of tunnels and placed me at the rocky wall, then she was speaking low and calm and quick to me.
“Listen to me. They must know I'm here, they might not know you're here.”
“-No,” I started to say, but she dragged me closer to her and clamped a hand over my mouth.
“-Shut up. I love you. I decided to love you, and I decided to come here, today, and I don't regret any of it. You're going to stay here, and I'm going to lead them away. There are other exits further in, I know these mines better than they do. I'll get out and I'll have a good head start, and I'll head south, down the mountains, to hide-out in Langdon. Stay hidden until they leave. Until night, or morning. You can't go back to my house, they'll watch it. Take the train home, and lay low, and be brave, okay?” She moved her hands to cup my face. “I'm sorry, it looks like you're on your own to figure this out, but you will; you're brilliant.” And she gave me a quick but fierce kiss. “I love you.”
“I love you,” I said, and obeyed her, staying back in the shadows as she turned and ran back toward the entrance and disappeared around the bend into the right tunnel.
I slumped against the cave's wall. After a long few moments I felt myself sliding down to rest on the cold ground. Seconds later, four Nazis went tearing into the mine's right seam. If they decided for any reason to explore the other, and came in my direction, I knew I wouldn't be able to move a muscle to help myself.
Time dragged on. It was an hour, or maybe more, before the footsteps came back up and the four Nazis padded into the light. One of them said something in German, and the others laughed. They packed into their cars, the engines turned over, and the sound of them died. I stayed in the dark.







Chapter Sixteen





The first week of November snow started to periodically dust over Marquet, but it hadn't stuck yet as I headed into work on Wednesday, the seventh. I didn't look forward to Wednesdays. I believe it was the incident with Beatrix and the growing tension in Pine Hills that caused Emmerich Falkenrath to take over making weekly reports on behalf of the mine. But it had to be for me that he stayed to watch as I transmitted them, and stayed on in the position where he could have picked any other pawn to do it for him.
The first Wednesday after Sterling died -three days after Beatrix disappeared- was the first time that I met Falkenrath.
I, in my pea-green suit, and with black ribbons in my hair, had arrived early, and been waved into Wilhelm's office, where I saw another man sitting across from him. Wilhelm was sweating, I noticed, and stood straight-backed as he led me in. The other man appeared to be in his fifties, but fit and healthy looking. A hard-angled face, not ugly or handsome, just very striking. He had a heavy, jutting brow over dark eyes.
“Miss Maren Abernathy, allow me to introduce General Emmerich Falkenrath. General, Maren Abernathy.”
He didn't stand, but took my hand delicately. “Pleased to make your acquaintance.” A thickly German voice.
“And you as well, Sir.”
“The general is here on official business, with a report from Pine Hills, for Munich.”
“Oh?” There had been no mention of Sterling, since the last time I'd seen him in the office. “What about Mr. Stratus?”
Wilhelm put on a sad face that I didn't believe for a second. “Sad to say that Mr. Stratus passed away a few days ago. The sickness just overcame him in the end. He had time to put his affairs in order...”
Falkenrath said, “It's those little kindnesses God gives…” His face was pleasant but otherwise unreadable. He was watching me.
“Shall I get started on transmitting that report, Sir?”
“Yes, we should.” And he stood, scooping the file up. “I'll sit with you, why not? I have been told my handwriting is atrocious.”
I hid my disgust in a pleasant smile, then led the way out of Wilhelm's office and into the back room, sitting at my station and turning it on, then wiring in to Munich. Falkenrath followed, and when he took up Sterling's usual seat, I felt an odd tremor of rage. From how we were positioned, I could see a red and silver gun strapped to his hip.
My gaze must have lingered half a second too long, because Falkenrath brightened, and stood. “It doesn't make you nervous, does it?”
“Not at all, I was just admiring it.”
I turned back to my station, but next he was tugging the gun from its holster and turning it over in his hands, offering it.
“Go ahead, take a look.”
“Oh, no thank you.”
“Oh please? I love to show her off.”
Feeling I shouldn't refuse him again, I took the thing and it felt cold and heavy. The grip was rich, red wood, the barrel was silver with a chamber for six shots. And on the stock, more silver in the form of roses inlaid around the initials HS.
My blood ran cold. Andrew had mentioned his grandfather's gun, hadn't he? Missing. Sterling had taken it to the radio station with him, and hadn't been seen again. Why couldn't Falkenrath have kept it? And felt the need to show it off to me?
I checked, and the gun was loaded.
There were two possibilities for how the events leading up to me holding Sterling's loaded gun -alone in a room with Emmerich Falkenrath- had transpired. First, and not impossibly, that he had been standing over Sterling's body, and seen the beautiful gun, and decided he should keep it, and wanted to show it off to me, the pretty telegraph operator. Secondly, the more likely and more sinister possibility: that someone had mentioned seeing me go to lunch with Sterling, or that I was known to spend time in Pine Hills, orphanage or no, and Falkenrath had decided to come sit down with me, when he could have easily sent one of his men to bring in the mine's reports; he had decided he wanted to play some kind of game, and give me a gun. I could see the excitement in his eyes. I wouldn't dare shoot him, he thought; he was all-powerful.
My voice shook but my hand was steady as I held the gun. “Didn't you consider that I might be mad?”
And he had laughed, and clapped his hands together. “No, I confess I hadn't taken that possibility into consideration! Are you a mad-woman? Don't shoot!” He faked fear, held his hands up, but then he was laughing again. I still had the gun.
For a second I stared at the initials.
But then Falkenrath was finished laughing, and I was smiling politely, handing the gun over. “It's a beautiful pistol.”
“Thank you, Maren. But now we should probably get down to business, don't you think?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Every Wednesday he would sit with me, mostly in silence, but occasionally he would make small talk while I tapped the lever of my machine, more uncomfortable than I had ever been. And Falkenrath probably knew that, and enjoyed putting me on edge.
I wasn't looking forward to facing him yet again.
The office was already full when I arrived, and I realized I was a few minutes late, but didn't really care. Wilhelm waved at me as I passed his office, and I nodded back and kept walking. Inside International Communications, the back room where I was beginning to feel like a caged animal, Gotthard Knellar was waiting with his back to me, and I peaked around him and saw, sitting in his father's old chair, Andrew Stratus.
I brightened. “Gentlemen, please forgive my tardiness. What can I do for you, today?”
Knellar was pleasant as usual. “Good morning, Maren. This is Andrew Stratus. Sterling's son? He'll be taking over for General Falkenrath with regards to the reports from the mines.”
“Oh?” I offered my hand, but I offered the wrong one, mentally kicked myself and switched hands. “I'm very sorry about your father.”
Andrew didn't look happy or willing to fake happiness. “Thank you.”
Knellar frowned. “Didn't Emmerich mention we were training this young man?”
“It must have slipped his mind,” I answered, moving around him to take my seat. Or he hadn't wanted to give me any hope.
“Well, I'll leave you to it.”
When Knellar closed the door behind him, Andrew exhaled grandly. Dressed nicer than I'd seen him, clean shaven and sporting a haircut that made his face seem less mousy, he also appeared to have gotten very little sleep as of late.
“Maren...” He nodded, then put the file he held onto my desk.
“How have you been?” I asked quietly.
He sighed again, and it was answer enough.
I flipped open the file and scanned it. His handwriting was much worse than his father's. “They have you taking over everything, then? How are you handling it?”
“Fine, I think,” he said. “I mean, I have to be fine, don't I? It's not like I have much choice. Just like I don't have any choice but to look after the mines, now.”
I shifted in my seat, folding my hands in my lap. “Well I'm glad you're here instead of Emmerich Falkenrath.”
“I bet… Have you heard anything?”
I pressed my lips together tightly to keep from grimacing, then shook my head.
I had gone to Andrew, the night it happened. After the Nazis had left and it had been quiet for some time, I left the cave and walked the outskirts of Pine Hills to get to Sterling's house, not knowing if anyone would be there. And Andrew was. He was packing away his father's books. I still remember the shrewd, appraising way that he looked at me, when I told him that Beatrix was gone. Probably before I had seemed to him a silly, pretty, English girl, playing secretary to the Nazis without a second thought. But having been a friend to his father, girlfriend to Beatrix, and investigating what occurred down in the mines must have changed his mind about me.
I had asked him plainly if he knew.
Without clarifying what I was asking he knew or didn't know, he had answered, “Yes.”
“Then it's only you and I. And we have to be careful, but we do have to do something.”
He had looked morose at the idea, but nodded.
“They're your people,” I said, “so find me some that I can trust.”
“You can't come here again, for a few weeks at least. And when you do come, you have to be more careful than ever.”
“I'll visit the orphanage and I won't stay overnight.”
“When we see each other next, I'll have some people willing to help. But do we tell them?”
“Yes,” I said. “But nobody makes a move until I say so. Make that very clear.”
His eyes searched me again, but then he had nodded, and I had turned to go, but stopped.
“What will you do with Sterling's books?”
“Burn them all,” he answered without hesitation.
“You'd do that?”
“I have no choice. They'll pick this place apart, and I'm responsible for it now. I won't be much help to you if I wind up in an incinerator like my father,” he had said.
Andrew, now sitting in his father's chair in the International Communications room, said softly, “Everyone in Pine Hills knows, now. Nobody talks about it but everybody knows. You can't keep a secret, in a small town. But small towns do keep their secrets. I don't think you need to worry.”
“I don't have the capacity for worry anymore,” I said, and Andrew huffed in a way that I knew meant he understood.
I managed a smile, then finally turned and plugged the circuit into Munich, and put on my headset. I thought of the first line of the translated code. A Stratus was still holding the line, and it made me wildly proud of Andrew. “We'll go to lunch later. And I'll show you around Marquet. You haven't been here before, have you?”
“Not since I was a boy.”
He was only a handful of years younger than I was, but I still thought him somewhat a boy, being forced to grow up. Of course I didn't say that, just started on the report.
I brought Andrew to Lecker early for lunch. I hadn't been there since the day Sterling died, and Sherry seemed surprised to see me. Unsure what to make of Andrew, she greeted me formally, and led us inside the restaurant. They kept the lighting low inside, and the dining room warm. The patio furniture from outside had been worked in among the sturdier wooden tables in a kind of checkerboard pattern, making the whole place feel misfit and odd and charming. She gave us each a menu.
When she noticed Andrew's missing hand, Sherry blinked, and her face went from shock to pity in an instant. “You're Sterling's son, aren't you?”
“I was.”
I introduced them. “Sherry, Andrew, Andrew, Sherry.”
“Nice to meet you,” he murmured, looking up at her from under his dark brow. I recognized the look.
“You as well. And I was so sorry to hear about your father. He was always welcome here… Can I start you off with some water?”
“Sure,” he answered, and she went winding away between the cramped tables. He opened his menu.
I leaned in. “I wouldn't bother.”
“She might be the love of my life.”
“'The Undesirable and the Nazi's daughter'… it sounds like a bad romance novel. Sherry and her two sisters run this place. Their father is Emmerich Falkenrath.”
“And you thought it was smart to come here?”
“Yes I did. Sterling and I came here together. Either Falkenrath knows that and it would be suspect to avoid the place, or Sherry adored your father enough that she never mentioned it. I think the latter, but either way us being here appears friendly, not as if we're plotting. And besides, the rabbit stew is delicious. Trust me.”
“I've had rabbit stew before.”
“Not like this. The girls are from Nagasaki, like their mother, and so are the flavors they use.”
“Hm.” He closed his menu, just as Sherry returned with our waters.
“Ready to order?”
“Yes, I'll have the stew please, Sherry.”
Andrew said, “I'll have the same. Please.”
She nodded, then went off again.
Andrew said suggestively, “Maybe she'd like to disappoint her father.”
“It's not going to happen. Not with the hold he has on them. He probably beat them, or molested them, or both. Their mother, too.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Sherry is the most composed of them, that's why she's the face of this place. The other two, one of them eats, the other looks like she starves herself, and chews her fingernails until they bleed. They celebrate both halves of their culture, here, but dye their hair to look Aryan. I bet their father tells them to. He likes to control people. You know what I mean.”
He said nothing.
I went on, “That's why their mother is from Nagasaki, I'd wager. Find a younger woman, make her fall in love with you, then take her halfway around the world to a place where she's instantly a second class citizen, and couldn't possibly escape, and then you can do whatever you want with her.”
Again he said nothing, wetting his mouth from his glass.
I said, “I'll come to Pine Hills Saturday, help out at the orphanage a bit, and then I want to meet the people you've recruited.”
He looked uneasy, but nodded. “I've got four women who want to help.”
“Is that all?”
“There were others, but they were all teenagers. I won't let a bunch of kids get involved in this.”
“I understand.”
“And, look… the town's with you. We've had soldiers around fairly often since everything happened, last month. And it's all some of us can do to keep the others from starting riots. The four women I picked I trust to follow orders, and they're good people to have with you.”
“I've got people in Pine Hills-.”
“-You've got Pine Hills.”
“-Alright, so I've got Pine Hills. I've got a connection at the radio station, and I've got connections in England, and I might have Beatrix in Langdon. And most of all I have a secret that could bring Marquet to heel.”
I leaned back as Sherry returned with a bowl of stew in each hand. She placed them in front of us and we thanked her politely, and she went away.
Andrew said, “And now you have rabbit stew.”
“Cheers.”







Chapter Seventeen





The rest of the work day passed without incident. I went home and cooked a baked potato and a big steak, and ended up giving half of it to the cat from the alley, who must have sensed I was lonely, because he came up to me much faster than usual, and stayed for a bit, purring under my fingertips even after the steak had run out. Helen Keller's Out of the Dark had become a religious text of sorts to me, and I read from it every night.
Thursday I wore plum, and my black hair ribbons, and work was uneventful.
Friday I wore red, and black hair ribbons, and work was uneventful.
I realized on the walk home that I truly hated my job. It was not challenging, it was not stimulating, it just was. I had dedicated ten years of my life to the task of mastering it, of climbing in position to get somewhere useful to the British Liberties Agency. I had managed to keep from going insane with the promise of the day I would change the world; it seemed the day was fast approaching, but I wasn't sure if it was worth it. I did not feel vindicated, I did not feel proud. I only felt frightened and isolated.
The days since Sterling's death and Beatrix escaping had passed very quickly, because everything was surface level. Suddenly everyone from Pine Hills knew all about me, and sure, the town could keep its secrets, but I was a foreigner and stranger to them. If I looked too closely at how I was trusting those people with my life, without ever having agreed too, I would book my ticket back to England post-haste. So everything was surface level, and I was lonely.
Saturday finally arrived, and I rose early, and moved through town as nonchalantly as I could to make the train. No point in trying to sneak on; if they were watching, they were watching, and if there was one place I couldn't hide, it was on that train. So I would have to cover my trail, going to help out at the orphanage, and I would have to be careful leaving the orphanage to meet Andrew and his people.
Austen was the only other person on the train, when I boarded. She had a bag over one shoulder and she looked tired but smiled, with a crinkle in the corner of each eye that spoke to sincerity.
When the train started to roll, she leaned across the aisle and whispered, “I'll see you at the meeting later.”
I raised an eyebrow. “What meeting?”
She looked away and blood rushed to her pale cheeks. “Oh. Never mind.”
Why would Andrew pick you? I wondered, watching the girl who looked anywhere else, trying to recover from her embarrassment. I couldn't help but to think that there was no place in war for girls who still wrote poems.
The train docked, and I got off first and headed straight into town, and into the orphanage, the large two-story where there were children playing on the porch. I was surprised to see that they all looked healthy, and wore nice clothes, and were clean. But then, the town took care of its people. Probably everyone helped out. Probably they didn't need me, and it was silly to think they wanted my help, but the graying woman who met me asked me what I did, then asked me to teach the children about Morse Code, which I did. And I drew up the entire alphabet on a chalkboard, and they each copied it down.
There were fourteen children living in the home, none over sixteen, because by then they could be working in the mines. And at seventeen, of course, the boys would be killed and burned.
At two, another adult came into the sitting room where we were working, with the children paired off and tapping simple messages into each other's palms. I looked up and Andrew Stratus was approaching me. All the children said polite hellos.
“Hello Mr. Stratus.”
“Hello.”
“Hi.”
A girl I guessed was new to her teens jumped up and came over to us, saying brightly, “Hi Andrew!”
“Hi, Cynthia. How are you?”
“I'm fine. How are you?”
“I'm okay. I can't stay today, though. I came to get my friend.” He nodded to me, keeping his arm tucked into his pocket at the stump.
“Oh. Alright.”
“I'll see you soon.”
That made her smile, and she went back to her friends.
I followed him out, and he said in a low voice, “It's okay, there are two guards in town, but we have eyes on them.”
“Good.”
“Something's happened,” he said, looking both ways before ushering me across the street and slipping between the general store and doctor's office. Behind it the alley opened up and beyond a strip of grass, there was a little blue house with the shutters closed.
“What?”
“Wednesday, while I was away, Falkenrath came down with two men. William Mayer, he's the butcher's son, and Ross Packard.”
I stopped in my tracks, only feet from the red door of the blue house he was leading me to. “Ross Packard? The real Ross Packard?”
“His parents seem sure.”
“They were grieving a few days ago, they'd believe any hope Falkenrath dangled in front of them. What about you, did you see him?”
“Come inside.” He held the door open, and as I was climbing the steps to move by him he answered, “I only got a glimpse of him, and it has been eleven years, but he sure seemed like Bea's twin brother.”
He shut the door and in a pleasant living room, were four women all around my age, seated between a couch and two armchairs. Austen stood in the far corner, and she smiled and waved at me.
“Did you say she could come?” I asked Andrew. Her smile went like a candle snuffed out.
“After a lot of begging, yes.”
“Alright...”
The first woman to stand from the armchair was burly and red-haired. “I'm Jenna. Nice to meet you, I'm at your service.”
The two curvy women on the couch had matching black hair and heart-shaped faces. Probably sisters, only a few years apart. I offered my hand to each of them.
The younger said, “Hello, I'm Nicole.”
And the older, “And Sally. Welcome to our home.”
“Oh, it's a lovely home,” I said quickly.
The final woman had dark-hair and complexion, with very strong features, and hard eyes as she watched me. “Dana,” she said. Her hands were rough from working the mines, and her grip was not gentle, either.
“Nice to meet you all.”
Dana added, “Why are we even here? You were wrong. Will and Ross are back.”
“Why those two, though?” I asked. “William, is he smart? And physically gifted, too?”
“Yes,” the woman admitted begrudgingly.
“And Ross Packard is, I'm sure. The Nazis took a pair of boys that showed great promise and actually put them in the services and sent them overseas, as a safety net. They knew people were starting to suspect and brought them back to throw us off track. I'm sure you all had brothers or friends who they took, and I'm sorry, but all the other boys who went are dead, and you need to accept that, so no more have to die. You can't ignore the incinerator we found built in the mines, and the human remains inside.”
The room turned grim. Nicole reached out to take her sister's hand.
But Dana's voice was low and tight as she rebuked, “You were the only person to see that. In fact, you were the last person to see Beatrix, and the Mayor, before they died.”
My heart surged up into my throat. “Beatrix isn't dead. And I never saw Sterling, that day. I missed him.” What was that crack in my voice? Andrew gave a sidelong glance at me, trying to figure me out. I affirmed myself and went on. “I'm not going to fight for your trust. If you want to go on believing what they tell you to believe and letting them kill your people, go ahead and leave. If you want to be sensible and you want to make change, then your purpose is best served being here, at my disposal.”
Dana huffed. “At your disposal? We're supposed to jump if you say jump?”
“You're supposed to fight with us.”
“And if we all die?”
“Then die with us.”
She rolled her eyes and her lips pursed into a bitter scowl, but she did remain seated.
“That's it, thank you for coming. I don't have anything for you today, I only wanted to meet you all and check in on things down here. Andrew, come with me.”
We stepped out of the house and he breathed a big sigh and followed as I moved into the tight, shaded alley behind the sisters' house.
“I want to meet Ross Packard, how can we arrange that?”
“He's staying in town here through the weekend, but he'll be expected to report back to the base Monday morning. You could intercept him, then, if you're quick about it.”
“That will have to do.”
He crossed his arms and I tried not to look at his stump. “Are you actually entertaining the idea that he might not be Ross Packard? That he could be a double? Good enough to fool his own parents?”
“I wouldn't put it past the Nazis. The father isn't all there anymore… and a mother's grief is a powerful thing.”
“Yeah, I know.” He seemed like he almost meant for it to be a joke.
I blinked, but my sympathies were hard-won. “I might have something in the works as soon as tonight. I'll let you know when I see you Wednesday. Don't tell the others. In fact...” I glanced back to make sure they couldn't hear through open windows or doors. “Tell them specifically that I'm going to meet with a contact, Monday morning, at the church.”
“Here, or in Marquet?”
“Marquet, of course.”
“Why?”
“Because I live there.”
“Why tell them about it?”
“Because it's not true. And I want to see what happens before I become so invested with strangers.”
“Alright.” He started to move back toward the red door, but stopped. “You've got a couple of hours to kill before the train heads back, do you have anything planned?”
“No.” I was wary of what he might suggest.
“You should walk to the lake, it's a nice reading spot. -Casual stuff,” he added.
“That's a fine idea, but I don't have anything to read.”
“Well it's a nice place to sit and think, too.”
He was right, I did have over two hours to kill, and enjoying the nature outside of Pine Hills was just about the least suspicious thing I could think of, so I headed west until I broke free of the crowded little buildings of the town. The way I skirted around the edge of town, the road that climbed up to the mines was in my peripheral view, as was the gravelly slope I had once tumbled down, what felt like forever ago.
There was the lake, small and clear, with trees hanging out over the water on the bank where I approached. It was the only place for miles that the trees hadn't all been chopped, in fact. It was a sunny day, the earth was dry, though the air was chilly. I bundled my long raincoat tighter around me and leaned on one of the bowing trees, watching the still surface of the lake for some time before I saw a figure start out of the confines of the town, a long ways off. I watched a minute, unsure if I should hold my ground or bolt. Dark hair. A woman's figure came into view, and tan skin, and I recognized Dana starting around the lake toward me, very deliberately.
She didn't say anything until she stopped, a few feet away, and stuck her hands in her pockets. “I have something to say to you.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah. You're not rallying us, you're not leading us, or bringing us in. We're bringing you in. I wasn't questioning whether something had to be done, I was just wondering if we needed you.”
“Well make no mistake, you do need me.”
“Alright. You're probably right. But I've got no qualms about killing Nazis. And if you stab us in the back, I'll have no qualms about killing you.”
“Seems fair.”
“And you need us, too.”
“We need each other.”
We didn't shake hands, but she nodded to me before starting away again.







Chapter Eighteen





The sun was going down as I rode the train back to Marquet. I thought that if I added up all the time I spent on trains, since moving to the Rocky Mountains, it might equal a week. Or at least five days; one full suit rotation.
The temperature had dropped when I stepped onto the platform. A few people still milled around out on the streets, and I had time, still, before I had to sneak into the Communications Office. As I wound down smaller alleys toward my second-story home, I thought I heard padding footsteps behind me, and spun, but no one was there. I took a long detour, looped back around and came up the alley which my tabby lived in before bolting up my steps and inside.
I nibbled on bread and butter until half-past six, then pocketed the copied key to the building and headed out again, leaving by the back way and winding around back alleys like a maze. When I had to cross Main Street, I waited in the dark and watched it for a minute, still in either direction. The Communications Office just across the way was dark and empty.
I moved briskly across the road, key in hand, and got trapped outside the door when the key got stuck, and I had to try it again before the lock finally gave and the door fell in under my weight and the dark of the room enveloped me like a child's blanket; safety. I closed the door and locked it behind me.
Then, feeling along the wall, I smudged the cool glass of Wilhelm's office, then turned the corner. Found the door in the dark, then flipped on the lights, half-expecting Emmerich Falkenrath to be waiting there, with Sterling's pistol in hand. He was not, of course, only my empty station which I quickly sat myself down at.
I plugged into the London circuit, tapped a short hello, then waited. A full minute went by.
Then a response came through. Go.
I breathed deep and tried to shake some of the tension from my shoulders, and tapped back: maren abernathy, reporting in from marquet, wyoming. i have acquired troubling intel. all males aged seventeen from rocky mountain towns and perhaps nationally are taken by nazis under guise of mandatory military service, then executed and their bodies incinerated in remote seam in pine hills mine.
I waited. Imagine, if you can, the peon on the other end, where I had been only a year ago, receiving that information and having no idea what to make of it.
Eventually, the reply came in: state your reasoning.
I transmitted the simplest version of events.
A firsthand report from pine hills’ mayor about construction in the mines led me to the incinerator which contained human remains. Translation of coded transmissions from my post in international communications detailed last month’s executions and implicated mayor stratus’ compliance. mayor stratus tried to seize control of the radio station and was killed. i maintain contacts within pine hills. tensions are high.
Again, I had to wait.
The message beeped in my ears in a steady rhythm. maintain connection with pine hills. check in next week for further instruction. Then an afterthought: good work.
I unplugged, and then rubbed my eyes. Another week. Another week to wait, before any action could be taken. But also another week of relative safety…
Nobody from Pine Hills had aged up, in the month of October. From Marquet, there had been two boys. No more could go, never to come back. By the first week of December, I wouldn't be able to put the miners off any longer.
I moved to the door and opened it, sliding into the hall. I had two fingers on the light switch, still inside the room, when I heard the beat of a machine coming from the furthest bank of machines. I could see the outlines of the chair backs from the light spilling out of the back room. I started over, turning and going past one, two, three, four, five other machines. And found myself in the spot I had been sitting, on that first Wednesday of October, when Sterling had spotted me and my life had changed. It was the receiver for the town of Langdon, and for one crazy moment my heart skipped a beat and I thought it might be Beatrix on the other end.
But while I had told her I could contact my people in London through the office, I had never mentioned the time restrictions, and Beatrix would not have access to the office in Langdon, and didn't know code, so it could not be her.
Still it was someone. Wary of a trap, I put on the headset and sat at that station, and meanwhile the thing had still been twitching away the same pattern of a question, in code: are you receiving?
I took a deep breath, sent out a silent prayer, and answered, receiving.
adrienne tori, reporting from langdon. british liberties agent. tripoli.
I exhaled the breath I had been holding. Tripoli was code to identify yourself to other agents. The appropriate reply I gave.
sicily. maren abernathy. i was not aware of you.
She answered back, beatrix sends her regards.
My first joy in a month nearly choked me to death. Beautiful, brilliant, brave, Beatrix. Bowed over my machine and laboring for breath, I hardly caught Adrienne's continued stream of code.
langdon's small battalion of german troops will be easily overwhelmed. we will have guns you need to take the base. the train comes once a month to bring coal, and takes langdon boys on the return trip to be burned in your mines. we strike before the sixteenth.
I calmed myself. awaiting further orders from london next week.
Adrienne only repeated, we strike before the sixteenth. not negotiable.
My next contact with London would be in one week's time, the following Saturday, the fifteenth. Wondering what London might have said to her that they didn't say to me, I queried, do you have approval?
no.
I shut my eyes and wanted to wake up in the window seat of my mother and father's home. Instead I opened my eyes and tapped out a reply to Adrienne Tori: proposition accepted. the morning of sunday, the sixteenth, my people will seize the train and come to you. together, upon return to marquet, we take the base.
Eight days.
	
*

Sunday I woke and decided not to get out of bed at all that day. I lasted another two hours, pretending to myself that I was sleeping, before I had to use the bathroom, and made coffee, but went straight back to bed with it. I read some Helen Keller. I knew I was supposed to take my suits to the cleaners, since I hadn't done it yesterday, but couldn't find the energy. I laid facing the wall and remembered every little detail I could of eating cinnamon rolls with Beatrix, and of the night I got the champagne to celebrate my promotion, and wondered whether that was strange. When I started to play back my first lunch with Sterling, I decided it was not only strange but unhealthy.
And I dragged myself from bed. If anything went bad with the takeover of the base, I wanted people to remember me in smart, clean suits. I dropped my clothes off at the cleaners and popped across the street to the bakery and bought a dozen chocolate cupcakes because they looked beautiful, carried the white box back to the cleaners and offered them to the three women and one old man who ran the place, which left me with eight. But I didn't eat one myself; I wouldn't risk looking undignified until I was away from judgmental eyes.
Another hour and my clothes were fresh, hung and wrapped. I headed home with them draped over one arm, and the bakery box under the other.
When I got home I put them away, then ate a cupcake with a rose made of frosting on top, standing at the counter. And after that I moved back to my bedroom, flopping down face-first onto the bed. My body ached faintly all over, and I was tired again, so I let myself drift off.







Chapter Nineteen





Monday was an early morning, but that didn't matter; I hadn't slept at all Sunday night. So I had passed the hours writing what might be my last letters to my family. I couldn't tell them much, only that I was about to make some changes. I made sure to fill the rest of the letter with how much I loved them, and missed them, but that I wouldn't change a thing about my life if I could. Leaving England had been the right thing to do; I missed London, but the London I missed was the London from my childhood, and I knew my parents wanted that place back, too.
And if I died, I wanted them to feel I had lived a full life.
I dressed in black before the sky had even begun to lighten, and went toward the train station without stepping out into the open view of the street. I could see them, but they wouldn't see me. Not sure if they were coming back on the first train at five, with the day's shipment of coal collected before the weekend, or if they would ride the passenger train at seven, I arrived before five, and waited. My breath misted and the ground was dusted with light snow, like powdered sugar over a gingerbread neighborhood. And it made me miss home. My father considered himself a master gingerbread architect. Around Christmas he would build a whole village. And Katherine and I were always invited to help, no matter how old we grew.
When the train pulled in, behind the station the sky had turned the blue of a storm-angered ocean. A few women jumped out of a car first, heading for one of the further compartments, first propping up a ramp and climbing up inside to unload the coal.
Two men in smart uniforms stepped off onto the platform next, and I squinted against the light of the train behind them. The first was round-faced, blonde and very muscular, the second Ross Packard; brown hair army-short in the back, dangling in the front, soft cheeks among an angled jaw and chin. A tame, unexceptional nose, like Beatrix had said. But he was honest and homey looking, the way that she was honest and homey looking. Staring at him, I felt like I knew him already.
“Ross?” I called, stepping just out of the alley.
He and William Mayer both stopped short, though they went less tense when they saw me. William elbowed his companion, then, grinning, went on ahead. Ross smiled back, but then he was frowning as he approached me.
“Ma'am?”
“You are Ross Packard, aren't you?” I asked, to myself more than him. “You're Beatrix's twin brother…”
He was on-guard again in a second. “Who are you?”
“My name is Maren Abernathy. I know all about your sister. About the unfortunate surgery on her nose.”
“You do know Beatrix. Do you know if she's okay?”
“Yes she is. She made it to Langdon.”
He exhaled. “If you see her, or contact her, can you tell her I love her? I have to go.”
He tried to start away but I called, “Ross!” and he stopped, square shoulders slumping. “We're going to war,” I murmured, glancing around. The streets were empty. Ross didn't look surprised. I knew it was a risk telling him, but I couldn't risk letting Beatrix lose her brother again. “Pine Hills, Langdon, and soon Marquet. You don't want to be in that base, Sunday morning.”
“I can try to get another weekend furlough, but I don't see it happening. Worry about Beatrix, don't worry about me.”
“It's my business to worry about both of you.”
Ross looked around for the fourth or fifth time, and we were still alone. “I'm a Jewish Nazi. There'll be better people to worry about when this happens.”
“That's not your fault-.”
“-Just look out for my sister, please. She loves you. Mom said she must.”
I blinked, then Ross went jogging away.
Before I went home, I had a stop to make. Thankfully the light was already burning in my tailor's shop, and when I rapped on the door, Hilda started down the stairs. She let me in.
“Up so early? Another new suit?”
“No. Could I use your roof?”
“My roof?”
I retrieved a pair of small binoculars from one cavernous pocket of my raincoat. “Mars is supposed to be visible, this morning, before dawn. Could I use your roof?” I knew nothing about astronomy, but I often lied about it.
“...Alright. Sure. Why not? Come with me.”
She led me to the stairs, up to the attic apartment, and over to the small balcony. Hilda lived nicely. There was a coziness to the place I had never managed in any of the places I'd lived. A loom took up a quarter of the available space, with a work-in-progress strung up on its skeleton. The rug, the quilt on the bed, the curtains I stepped through to go out onto the balcony, all looked homemade; made from love and contentedness. I couldn't believe the jealousy I felt for that ugly, old woman, who seemed completely alone.
On the balcony, I raised the binoculars to my eyes and squinted in the dark. Across the street, like I had suspected, I had a view over the single-story post office. Beyond that, a two-story building blocked my view of the church, but I caught sight of the fence which wrapped around the secluded pond and stone benches. A light was on in the church, and a figure paced by the window. One in the building on the other side of the church was lit from within as well. They had good vantage points and people stationed at them, to watch the church.

*

Work that day passed quickly. Before I switched off, I got word of two boys from Marquet killed overseas, but passed the information off to two messengers on my way out of the office. I was tired, and went straight home and switched on the radio and listened the rest of the evening. I ate a cupcake for dinner, and fell asleep on the couch, before ten.
Tuesday, I woke in static, dressed in peach, and got to work early. There were pages and pages in my outgoing box, as there were every day. To a dozen different cities, all over the world. When Knellar poked his head in and found me already working, he said, “What a busy bee you are, Maren.”
“Thank you, Sir, I do my best.” I had the sudden urge to strangle him with my hair ribbon, but he ducked out again, saving himself.
Wednesday was better, and so was I. Dressed in green, I worked until ten and Andrew came in alone. “Good morning, Maren,” he said.
“Good morning, Andrew.”
“Green again.”
“It’s my routine.”
We left it at that until lunch. On the walk out of the building at eleven, he put his hand on my back, right over my spine, and I felt warmth rush down my stockings all the way to my toes. Trying not to blush, I reasoned, I haven't been touched in a long time. No matter.
We went to Lecker. Sherry seated us inside with a soft smile, and brought water without asking. Bringing out her little notepad, she said only, “Stew?” To which we both said yes, and off she went again.
The place was nearly empty. I leaned closer to Andrew and whispered, “It's happening Sunday. The train will head to Langdon for its monthly shipment of coal and to bring back the boys who aged up. I made contact with a member of my agency there, and she insisted it had to be Sunday.”
“What do you need from us?”
I had worked it all out; in my mind and on paper. “You've got to take the train when it comes to you. You've got to pack it full of people willing to fight, drop some of them off when you drop off the morning’s coal shipment, here in Marquet. They need to lay low while the train goes on to Langdon, and brings plenty of them back with it, and then we take the base.”
“What about Marquet? It's their fight too.”
“I have a plan.”
“What about a plan for taking the base? We'll have numbers, probably, with all three towns, but they still have the firepower. We've got a few old shotguns, a couple of pistols.”
“You'll have arms from the battalion in Langdon, they’ll be easily overwhelmed.”
Sherry came with the soup right then, so Andrew couldn't question me further. Once she had gone, I quickly changed the subject.
“You can't tell the ladies any of this. I'll brief them on Friday, when I know more.”
“Alright.”
We started in on our soup. Before long, the door to the restaurant opened, and I looked back at who had entered. Emmerich Falkenrath, greeted immediately by his daughter who looked nervous as she waved him in and helped him out of his coat.
“Act natural,” I said with a smile. Andrew's face went white. I somehow couldn't find it in me to be worried.
Falkenrath spotted us, though his daughter was offering him a table by the far wall and window, and started over. Her forced smile faded to a look of concern, and she followed.
“Good afternoon, Miss Abernathy, Mr. Stratus.”
“Good afternoon.”
“Good afternoon, General,” I said. “We were just enjoying the culinary gifts of your daughters.”
“They are something, aren't they? Their mother taught them well.” He draped an arm around Sherry's shoulders, and she slouched, looking away with a pasted-on smile.
“Would you like to join us?” I asked.
He glanced between us, that sparkle of excitement in his eyes, and said, “Why not? Sherry, one more bowl, and a glass of wine for your dear father?”
“Yes, Sir,” she mumbled, and disappeared into the kitchen.
Falkenrath turned to find a vacant chair to pull up to our table. Andrew looked nauseous.
I asked, “Busy today, General?”
“Always,” he answered.
Instead of just Sherry, when she returned, two younger girls were following. One, probably the youngest, had noticeably darker skin, and a rounder face, and was heavier set, and she looked away as she set a glass down in front of her father and poured from a bottle of red wine. The girl who I presumed to be the middle child was sunken and knobby. Her collar bones stood out dramatically, and her fingernails were bitten to stumps as she reached around her father to lay a bowl of stew down at his place. Both girls dyed their hair blonde like Sherry.
He didn't look back at them. “Thank you, girls. I'll come visit with you later, please leave us for now.”
They all turned and moved away. I fought the urge to remark that Falkenrath had his daughters well trained, mostly because I knew he would take pride in something I meant to shame him.
“Do you often patronize my daughters' establishment?” Falkenrath took a sip of broth and hummed his approval.
I said, “I've been coming here for a month. Andrew's father first brought me, and when Andrew took over giving reports for the mines, I brought him.”
“That's right,” Falkenrath said, addressing him. “You only get to Marquet once or twice a week, isn't that so? It must be nice to get a break from the grits and hard tack they serve over there, hm?”
“Mm-hm.” Andrew mumbled through a strategically full mouth.
“Maren, I wonder if you've been invited to the function this weekend?”
“No, Sir. What function would that be?”
“No? I thought for sure Wilhelm would have invited you. It's this Saturday night. It's just a quarterly dinner for officers, but I bet a woman of your class would enjoy it. You must miss the sophistication of London, coming to this decidedly American town.”
I smiled. Andrew was wide-eyed, but recovered quickly. To even speak the word 'American' was an offense, but Falkenrath didn't falter.
“We do what we can for the place...” He shrugged. “They resist. -Ah, no offense to you and your ambitious little village, Andrew.”
“None taken.”
I began to feel the fear that had been evading me as of late. I’d be lying if I said it were completely unwanted. Welcoming it back like an old friend, I picked myself up and smiled. “You are right, General, I do miss dinner parties.”
“Wonderful. I'll see that an invitation finds its way to your mailbox. You'll fit right in with the military wives, I'd bet.”
So far with the invitation, he had occupied me at precisely the time I was supposed to be contacting London, and inferred that he knew where I lived. I had to admire the man's way with words; I had always thought myself a master of crafting conversations, but he was leaps and bounds ahead of me, and I could only guess at his motives. Was his shrewdness just luck? Or did he actually know of my Saturday-night break-ins to the Communications Office? If so, why didn't he just have me interrogated or executed?
For the same reason he would hand me a loaded gun, of course. For that twinkle in his eye.







Chapter Twenty





Friday evening, I rode the train to Pine Hills, and Austen was there, writing in a little notebook when I got on. There were other day-workers around, so I said nothing to her. But when the train docked at the Pine Hills station, I tapped her on the shoulder and took the lead. She followed when I cut into a side alley and went past the first house, so we were obscured from view of the outside.
“Go get the others, would you? We need to have a meeting.”
“Sure. Where am I bringing them?”
“The Stratus house. You know it?”
“Yes.”
“Go.”
There weren't any uniformed Nazis around, no young men who could be Nazis in disguise, but still there were eyes on me. The people of Pine Hills watched me until I looked at them, then quickly looked away. They didn’t like me, and I understood it. Before I came along, everything had been blissfully ignorant, and they had to know that I was the reason one of their beloved daughters had been run off. Ross Packard and the butcher’s son turning up threw everything I had brought to light into question. They wanted to believe that their husbands and sons were Nazis, rather than dead. Who could blame them? If Sterling could have been reset, reprogrammed somehow into being a dutiful citizen of the Western States of the Third Reich, then as hard as it would be for me to see it, I would have preferred that for him.
I was the first to arrive at Sterling's house, and the heavy front door was unlocked, so I let myself in. It didn't feel like a trespass, somehow. The house was empty, the day outside was starting to dim, and so a grayish light washed over the wooden floors of the foyer and modest kitchen. I drifted around the first floor like a ghost, in the parlor I traced a hand along a stone mantle over the fireplace, and behind that there was a vaguely feminine sitting room. The room had big windows, lace curtains drawn over them but not keeping out the grey twilight. A dress stand -a woman's figure made of metal and padding- was naked in one corner, and in the other a piano made of bare wood, with the keys dusty. Had Rose played the piano, and made her own dresses? Had she sat in that window and read from those books there, on the shelf built into the wall? I saw lots of poetry, names of famous poets I had heard of but never bothered to meet.
There was a regal picture of her framed on the wall. Dark hair and eyes, and a round face and mousy nose like Andrew. Rose was fifteen years dead, and yet I burned with inadequacy at just the thought of her.
Her sitting room led next into a full library. Entire walls of books; the legal kind, I would assume. I moved on, back into the foyer, and went up the stairs. The door to Sterling's study was half-open. I couldn't bear to look at the empty shelves in there, so I quickly ducked into the next room over. But the room was a master bedroom, which must have been Sterling's, and I froze in the doorway.
Striped wallpaper struck me immediately. A large bed, with twin nightstands on either side. On the right, near the window, the nightstand was bare except for a lace doily. On the left there were several books, a reading lamp, and Sterling's round spectacles.
The urge to go and lie on the bed swelled up from some strange, secret place. I went to Rose's side, sat, and then kicked off my shoes and stretched my legs out, putting my face to the pillow. It only smelled clean, of course. I'd bet nobody had laid on that side of the bed for a decade and a half. Sterling probably stayed on his side of the bed. Had there been other women, over the years? Someone from the mines? Someone from the Communications Office? Kelly the housekeeper?
Never in his marriage bed, I'd wager.
I moved to the dresser. A bottle of cologne sat on top, and I sniffed it. I had forgotten Sterling ever wearing cologne, but it came back heartily as I held that bottle. Like orange polished wood. I was determined to neatly pack up the sense-memory and take it away with me, but wasn't willing to go so far as to steal the whole bottle. There could be no disturbing the bedroom set; the way Sterling had left things.
I took out my white pocket-square, dabbed lines of the scent onto it in a heavy saturation, and stuck it under my nose again. It passed the test, and so I folded it back up and tucked it away. I heard the door open and hurried back out onto the landing, with blood rushing to my cheeks. It was Sally entering first, with Nicole right behind, and the younger smiled when she noticed me.
“Hello.”
Sally spun and saw me too. “We could have had this meeting at our house. Less of a walk.”
I shook my head. “No, we couldn't have.”
Jenna slid past them and shook my hand, then wound her way into the parlor. The sisters followed when I gestured for them to go ahead, and I closed the front door before following. “We have to wait for the others.”
Nicole was moving around the parlor. “So this is Mr. Stratus's house…” She peaked into Rose's sitting room, but closed the door again a moment later, seeming to realize what a private thing the place was.
She too had soon sat down.
Dana came inside without knocking, and she was leading Austen and Andrew. The first nodded to me, the last asked, “Why are we here?”
The others stood, and moved in around us to form a loose circle.
“Thank you for coming,” I said. “We have a lot to discuss, but first, let me tell you about my meeting on Monday.”
“How did it go?” Austen asked.
“The truth is, I didn't have a meeting on Monday. I had Andrew tell you that, and I watched the area around the church. Nazis were watching it, too. Someone tipped them off.”
“You tested us,” Dana said.
“Yes, and someone failed,” I said. “Austen.” The girl took a panicked step back, while Dana got behind her in two quick movements, and had an arm around the girl's neck, tight enough to make the air rush out of her in a ghastly croak. Dana twisted one of her arms behind her and got another squeak, and then she was towing the girl.
“What do we do with her?” Dana asked.
“Lock her in the basement for the next few days,” Andrew said. “Under the stairs, that way.”
Dana started to drag Austen, and the girl stammered, “Wait, you're making a mistake!”
“What's your boyfriend's name?”
Dana stopped them short so I could face her.
“What?”
“Your Nazi boyfriend? Whom you stay with sometimes? Who must have gotten you to turn on us?”
The girl's chin trembled. “His name is Max. Please don't hurt him. They train them from the time they're babies, it's all he's ever known. He's a good person, I swear.”
I opened the door to the basement and Dana wrenched her around, toward the steps leading down into the dark. “A Nazi is a Nazi,” she said. I nodded my agreement.
Austen fell against the wall when Dana shoved her through the doorway. “Don't you at least consider them people? Try to understand, please. He's a person!”
I said, “I have no interest in humanizing Nazis.”
And Dana slammed the door, cutting off Austen's last scream of, “Please!”
There were only six of us when we returned to the circle in the parlor, hung with a heavy silence. The distant thuds of Austen pounding on the door died down after a minute.
“It's all happening Sunday,” I said. “Your people need to take the train, and ride back to Marquet with the coal shipment. They should get off there, and hide until the train comes back from Langdon with their people and guns. I have a plan to get Marquet involved. Then we take the base.”
“How?” Dana asked.
“The front gate is the only way in.”
“That's all?”
“It's what I've got.”
“We have no reason to trust you,” she said.
Nicole added, “And no reason not to.”
“But if you don't come through and deliver Marquet, then we're half of what we should be, and already committing treason, and there isn't any turning back. No safety net.”
Andrew spoke for the first time. “Tell us about your plan for Marquet. We deserve to know everything you know.”
“Alright… I have a connection at the radio station. Sandra Teller. She can spread the truth, over the radio.”
“What makes you think she'll help you?”
“She has every reason to help us. Teenage sons, she's black, her community is dwindling at an alarming rate. And she told me so.”
“Every reason to help us,” Dana said, “And only one reason not to; to save her life. What's your contingency plan?”
I hadn't considered it at all but the other option was clear. “Take over the radio station and share the news myself.”
Dana scoffed, smiling ruefully. “Come on-.”
Andrew, though, erupted, “-Are you crazy!? After my father died, trying to do exactly the same thing?”
I said, “If you've got a better idea, I am open to suggestions.”
No one said anything for a moment.
Then Sally said, “Even if you succeeded, that might not be good enough. Nobody from Marquet really knows you, and forgive me for saying, you're not even from here. Sandra Teller, people know. You can't put a price on a familiar voice… on trust.”
“What are you saying?”
“That if she won't comply, you should insist.”
“I won't harm her.”
Dana asked, “And if that ends up harming us?”
“...It's not going to come to that. Sandra Teller will help us, Marquet will join us, and we will take the base, Sunday morning.”
No one spoke, but Nicole took Sally's hand, and Andrew nodded to me.
As he saw the others out, I followed, but lingered in the foyer, then eased myself down to sit on the stairs.
When the heavy door swung shut, he turned to face me and crossed his arms.
“I think that went well.”
“I agree.”
“Are you ready for that dinner party tomorrow?”
I set my head against the stairway railing that my hand was holding tightly. “As ready as I'll ever be. I wish I could bring you. It would be easier if you were there.”
“Why does he want you there?”
“He likes to have control over people. It's a good thing. The fact that he's still playing these games means he doesn't know how close we are. He isn't taking us seriously yet.”
“And you found his mole soon enough.” He walked over and sat on the steps beside me, and absently rubbed the stump of his arm with his hand. “How did you know about Austen?”
I said, “She was in love. I doubted she was that in love with a teenage boy or an old man, and I didn't think she could be gay. -She never looked at me in that sort of way.”
“You're so full of yourself.”
“I can hardly deny that.” I grinned. “But you can hardly blame me.”
He huffed a laugh. “I guess.”
“Can you bring her some food and water, by the way?”
“I'll take care of it.”
“Good man. I have to go, if I'm going to catch the last train back.”
He said, “So I won't be seeing you again until this over.”
“It looks that way.”
“Good luck.”
“You too.”







Chapter Twenty-One





Saturday morning was grim and snowy. I ate a cupcake for breakfast, with bitter black coffee to balance out the sweetness. Sandra Teller was not on the radio, on weekends. Instead they only played old records, mostly jazz. I listened for a bit.
Snow built up on my windowpane as noon rolled around, and I began to get ready for Falkenrath's Nazi dinner party. Soaking in the tub until the water grew cold, then washing my hair, shaving my legs. I toweled off, dressed in a slip, then sat by the window with another cup of coffee and watched the fat snowflakes falling. I combed out my hair soft and silky until my arm wouldn't lift anymore. But then I didn't like it, so I put it all up. I applied red lipstick, then put on my black dress, and black heels, and my raincoat over it, because I hadn't yet bought a winter coat. I had always been warm blooded, and lately a bit scatterbrained, too.
At half-past six, a car pulled up outside. I slipped on my heels and headed down the stairs, just as the back door was opening, and Gotthard Knellar slid out.
“Good evening, Maren, you look lovely,” he said, though he had hardly glanced at me as he held the door.
“Good evening, Sir.” I slid inside and into the center of the bench seat, beside a blonde woman with kind eyes and Slavic features in a red dress.
“Hello,” she trilled. “I'm Olena Knellar.”
“Maren.” I smiled, and shook her hand. “Pleasure.”
Knellar climbed back in beside me, and closed the door. The car slid into a cruise again, and Wilhelm Martin in the front passenger seat craned his neck to look back at me.
“Hello Maren, you look very beautiful tonight.”
“Hello Mr. Martin. Thank you. And thank you for bringing me tonight.”
“You're very welcome, Maren.”
The driver said nothing, just turned his gloved hands to take us to Main Street and head for the military base.
Olena had a fur wrapped around her shoulders. “So Maren, you're from London? What's it like there?”
“Crowded, compared to here,” I said. “The air is less fresh and the people are less nice, but it was home.”
“Sounds a lot like Kiev.”
The car pulled through an open gate set into the high, two-tiered brick wall around the grounds of the base; towers on each corner. The grounds might have been a full city block. Then we were winding up the drive, past a section of lawn, and a short, square building of grey stone that interrupted it. The large, main compound was windowless. We drove past it, heading around the left side to a third building, directly behind the main one. One story, the roof a dome, and brightly lit from within.
When the car pulled up to the door by a roundabout drive, Knellar climbed out, and I slid out after him while he raced to open the door for his wife. Wilhelm offered his arm to me, and I looped mine through his, feeling all the more beautiful for standing beside him.
The car pulled away behind us, and we went in first.
The floors were glistening white, and the single table stretched across the center of the room was laid with a white tablecloth and gleaming silver. It reminded me of The Last Supper.
 No one was seated yet, though, and maybe thirty people were mulling around under the painted gold ceiling. Probably a third of them were women, mostly shapely and young, in beautiful dresses. The rest were men of different ages and builds, all in green military uniforms bedazzled with medals. Without knowing any of them, I guessed that Wilhelm was the lowest person on the totem pole. The rest had an air of authority about them, and he was already groveling as he first extended his hand to a man just inside the door.
I spotted Falkenrath further in. On his broad shoulders were golden epaulets, a chain connected to one led into his breast pocket, and I realized I had forgotten my watch.
An Aryan boy in a tuxedo took my jacket.
I wandered away from Wilhelm and the others, and up to the only other person I knew, a woman who had worked at the Communications Office until several months ago. Apparently, judging by the bejeweled man she stood by, she had married out.
“Hello. Amanda?”
“Yes. I'm sorry, I don't remember your name...”
“Maren.” I offered my hand, and she shook it; she wore silky white gloves.
“Still working?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Are you here with Wilhelm?”
“Yes.”
She leaned in, away from her lean, softly speaking husband and his hunched, old companion. “Last year, I was here with Wilhelm. How I met Rudy. You could do okay for yourself tonight, if you're smart about it.”
I smiled, but said nothing. I glanced around and noticed that there were still a few people coming in from outside, and tuxedo-clad servers moving around with trays of drinks. My eyes went to Falkenrath again, and the short, Japanese woman in the black dress standing next to him. Her hair was down, straight and silky black, around a soft, brown face. Her eyes were narrowed as she watched me, unrelenting, from across the room. She was beautiful.
“Excuse me,” I muttered, moving away from Amanda.
Falkenrath's wife said something short, her pillowy lips forming maybe two words that made him look up at me, then quickly excuse himself from his current conversation.
“Good evening, Maren.”
I stopped a safe distance away. Being near him, though, that almost forgotten fear tickled at the back of my neck. “Good evening, General.”
“Ah, Maren, my other half, Mrs. Falkenrath. Darling, this is Maren Abernathy. She's the international girl from our communications department.”
“An international girl? Something we have in common,” she said, and her tone was soft and almost musical. She did not offer me her hand, nor did I think she wanted mine.
“I've met your daughters,” I said. “Very nice girls.”
“Thank you.”
Falkenrath said, “Maren, you don't have a drink in your hand, we should remedy this immediately. What will you have? There's excellent champagne.”
My face was pristine, though my heart and lungs simultaneously shrunk back an inch to crowd against my ribcage. Had Austen been there, that night I met Beatrix at the bar, with my bottle of champagne? A coincidence. He didn't know, and if he did it didn't matter. “Champagne would do fine.”
He motioned over a waiter, selected a short glass off of the boy's tray, and offered it to me. “There you are.”
“Thank you. A fine start to the night.”
He had champagne as well, and we toasted. “You're about to experience the very best that this town has to offer.”
“I'll try to be optimistic,” I said flatly, and he smiled, while Mrs. Falkenrath looked amused by me -not in what I had said, but more like the distant curiosity of a scientist studying some amoeba from afar. She looked like she knew something I didn't know.
Suddenly my mind ran away.
I am a rabbit and these are all foxes and wolves.
My ears are tucked in and my tail is dyed black but if anyone gets close enough I'll still smell of prey.
Falkenrath gestured. “We should be taking our seats. I had you placed near me so I wouldn't die of boredom tonight. I do hope you don't mind.”
“Not at all.”
Falkenrath already knows what I am. He's circling, drawing it out, but he knows. I'm only still here because he likes to play with his food.
Others had already sat down, and I saw Wilhelm on the furthest end of the table, while Falkenrath led me toward the center among several of the oldest and most decorated men in the room, with the most beautiful women among them. But they all stood in their places, and when I found my name on a place card beside a dark-haired woman -at least seven months pregnant- I stood, too. Falkenrath nodded toward the very back of the room, where several doors led away. The troop of tuxedos disappeared into one, while a homely woman led a small army of schoolchildren out of another. They were all dressed in green jackets bearing swastikas and the same visored hats that many of the army men around me wore.
I was still suffering from a bit of panic as they started to form rows. My mind went to mother rabbits pretending to be injured, drawing predators away from their nest of cubs. I had done a poor job, if it were indeed my job to look after Pine Hills. And of course it was. Sterling was dead, and wasn't that what he had always done? Looked after the mines, looked after the miners? But tomorrow they were coming up the mountain. Would they make it past the fence, or would the Nazis hold them back? With their firepower, and numbers, and organization? Tomorrow, everything would go bad, and it all started with me.
The children had fallen into their three rows. As they started to sing in high, angelic voices, they were bright-eyed and patriotic, and it made me feel ill.
I didn't know or want to know the German words that the children were singing meant. Falkenrath bore a contented smile for the entire five minute song. And as quickly as they had come, the children rushed out again, and the servers came back in, even greater in numbers, and each holding a first course which they set down for us as we took our seats.
The first course they served was a bright orange tomato bisque. I took a sip and must have hummed, the warmth easing some knots in my stomach, because the woman next to me chuckled. She hadn't touched her spoon.
“Would you like mine?” she asked. German. A true Nazi wife. But with kind eyes, which threw me for a loop. “I can't. The baby hates acid, and spices, and sweets. I live on bread and meat.”
“At least it left you those,” I said. “Your first?”
“Yes.”
“I hear they get easier.”
“Maren?” Falkenrath chimed, and I turned to him. “What did you think of the children's performance?”
“Inspiring,” I replied, and spooned up some more soup.
“Children; always so moving. Our bright future on display. And how's your first course?”
“Similarly inspiring. How do you like it?”
“Just fine.”
We sipped for a minute. Other pairs and parties were murmuring all around us. A man across the table addressed Falkenrath by his first name when asking about his family, so I assumed him to be superior to a general, then wondered what that position might be. I turned back to the pregnant woman.
“I'm Maren.”
“Joanna. Five courses, I might get something I can eat.”
Another few minutes passed. I depleted the pool of soup as low as I could without scraping the bottom, which would be rude. The servers took away our soup.
But the second course they brought to us was comprised of three scallops in a line, topped with green tomatoes which Joanna took one look at and shook her head. I smiled sympathetically, though really my pity was all tied up in myself.
“Do you enjoy seafood, Maren?” Falkenrath asked.
“Yes,” I said.
“That's good, we're bound to see more. We've been presented with the beginnings of a theme for the evening, I'm willing to bet.”
“I bet you're right.”
The dish was a quick finish, and it was swept away only ten minutes later. Seven o'clock was gone. Could it be eight? Surely I had missed Adrienne Tori for the evening, along with whoever would be present in London to receive transmissions until two a.m. in their time.
“I confess,” I said, as our second course plates were cleared, “I'm still not sure what the purpose of this dinner is. -Glad as I am to be present.”
Falkenrath wiped his mouth, nodding contemplatively, then said, “To celebrate our glorious military, and all those who enable its continued efficiency.”
“Should military really be celebrated?” I hadn't knowingly decided to be daring, but there the sentence was, out in the open, and I couldn't take it back. “Couldn't you say that as a society, our continued need for it indicates a failure, rather than a triumph?”
He gave a winding mumble. “Mm… The easy answer is that I'd rather have a strong military and not need it, than need it and not have it. But if you're asking my honest opinion -and I believe you are- then my answer changes. I'd say, Maren, that all of this is a celebration of human nature.”
The third course was a fillet of beautiful white fish, bearing a fragrant green crust of herbs along the top. It was accompanied by purple eggplant in a vibrant red tomato sauce. I looked for Joanna's approval before trying it. She was scraping off the crust of herbs, but did look optimistic. I pulled off a flaky piece of the fish and closed my lips around it, humming to myself again.
“I need not ask if you're enjoying this course,” Falkenrath remarked.
“You were saying that this is a celebration of human nature?”
“Ah, yes...”
“Our natural tendency as a species toward war?” I prodded.
“Not just the wars of squabbles, and land disputes, but war! In essence cannibalistic, and feral! We revert to beasts and we hunt and we kill. Have you ever killed something, Maren?”
Joanna overheard the question to my other side, and her fork clattered on her plate when she dropped it.
I turned my body toward Falkenrath, expressing openness and attentiveness as best I knew how. “Yes.”
“Do tell,” he coaxed, even as he took a bite and chewed, listening.
“Rats. Or smaller, more domestic mice, at first. When I saw my first mouse trap, and my sister crying over the unfortunate mouse who met with it, I was fascinated. I liked to build them, more complicated the older I got, so there were never any mice in our home. Then I took to building them bigger and stronger, to kill the rats in my father's warehouses and factories. When I was fifteen, my mother helped me patent one of my designs, and now my mousetraps are in every house in my old neighborhood in London.”
“Hm. Your father, what does he produce?”
“Shoes.”
“Your father produced shoes, and yet you found your talents in the savage killing of rats. It's our most exclusive evolutionary trait. We kill not only out of necessity, but out of discomfort, or even boredom.” He took another bite, then a thought occurred that made him smile, and say, “You killed filthy rats, I killed filthy humans, we're very much alike. I knew there was a reason I was drawn to you.”
I smiled and took a bite of fish, though my stomach had turned twice over.
He went on, “So you see, that's why this is a celebration of our military, of our capability for violence and our human predisposition toward it. We kill, and so we are human. War isn't the most glamorous thing, but to revel in it and honor its participants elevates it from something standard to something ceremonious; dignified. And if, as I believe, war is our most primal instinct -our human nature- than it is an inevitability; the same way that evolution and purity are inevitabilities. And what is inevitable might as well be enjoyed.”
I could say nothing to that, so I put on a smile, and nodded. But Joanna, beside me, was a bit aghast. “To call soldiers 'participants' of war makes it seem like you consider it a game.”
“Yes. A game played once a generation, which crafts from its survivors stronger players, better stratagems, a more amusing round each go. Our fathers and their fathers played it, and won, and so we are here, today. War is a game.” He gestured. “And we are the winners.”
There was a sharp knife in my hand, and suddenly I wanted to prove his theory for him. I could be violent. His throat was exposed, his guard was down, and yet his enemy sat right beside him with a knife. Time to show him that he invited disaster, bringing me into his games. My knuckles were white and my heart pounded loud in my ears, over the dull drone of conversation. My hand muscles cramped and in a spasm I fumbled the knife onto the table, and hardly anyone spared a glance. Falkenrath did, and smiled at me, and took a bite of fish.
Stratus holds the line.
The first line of our stolen codes. Every week for months, maybe years. He was a coward, sure. For years. Until he wasn’t anymore.
I turned to Joanna and opened my mouth to ask how she liked the fish, but she was gone. My rancor had faded, but so had my appetite, and my ability to endure Falkenrath's hate speech.
The servers went around and took the fish away, and as they were bringing out dainty plates of cheese, Joanna found her way back to my side. “Every hour,” she murmured, and cut a bite of cheese off of a soft, white wedge. I knew she meant that the parasite inside of her had stolen her control over her bladder, and tasted a mellow cheese absently. I had slipped back under myself again, and the things outside of me were only reaching my surface level. Had Sterling attended those same quarterly dinners? Had he attended them and bore them with better grace than I? Possibly. But probably also he had squeezed a knife tighter and tighter in his hand and imagined it weighed ten tons to keep it heavy on the table, like me.
After the cheese plate it was a poached pear in a light, ginger sauce, with a dish of vanilla panna cotta.

*

The car dropped me off at home, around nine. And maybe I could have rushed back out, broken into the Communications Office and still managed to contact London, but if I did, what could I say?
There's going to be a massacre tomorrow.
I know because I organized it.
I've lost control and couldn't stop it if I wanted to.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
I gave it time for the car to pull away, and switched off all of my lights, still waiting in my party dress, in the kitchen, in the dark. I couldn't see anyone on the surrounding rooftops, or down on the streets. Still I waited. And after ten minutes, I couldn't wait any longer. I slipped out onto the stairs, hurrying down and taking a back alley to get out of my neighborhood. I turned out onto the street that led straight to the train station at the south end of town, dark and empty. I went North, connecting with Main, and then east toward Hawley Street, where Sandra Teller lived. Her address was on a card in my pocket, but I had it memorized, too.
The house was little and yellow, with dark shutters, either blue or black in the moonlight. It rested on a patch of grass and a hedge that wrapped around her property was well-maintained. I followed the stone walk up to the front door and knocked.
It was a full minute before I heard shuffling footsteps inside, and the door opened a crack. The chain was still in place, and dangled between Sandra and I as she peaked out. Her face hardened in an instant. Fear in her eyes echoed in me, chasing itself around my spine.
“It's happening,” I managed.
“You found a way?”
“Yes. But we need your help.”
She undid the chain and held the door open for me, and when I stepped in, I saw that she was in a bathrobe. She bundled it tighter and switched on a light, then led the way past a sofa set and into the open dining room.
“Please have a seat.”
I obeyed. We sat across from each other in silence for a few seconds. “Pine Hills and Langdon are both with me. Their collective forces are going to converge on the military base, after the train comes back from its trip south.”
“What time?”
“Around half-past six; tomorrow morning, should be… We need Marquet, or we don't stand a chance, and a lot of good people are going to die.”
She shut her eyes, jaw clenching. Drawing a shaky breath, she turned a harsh gaze on me. “Tell me that this is going to work.”
“We'll have numbers, with Marquet. And no one is backing down, once things start. They can't afford to.”
She looked at the window, though the outside was saturated with darkness. There was an apathy to her, for a moment, but then she turned fierce again. “Alright. You want Marquet, I'll get you Marquet.”
“Do you know what you'll say?” I prodded gently.
“I have some ideas.”
When I got home, I left my heels at the door and padded across the cold kitchen floor. Into the living room, and turned on the radio, as loud as it would go. I had to rise long before the rest of the world, and I wanted it to be there to wake me, switching from static to blaring out a jazz record at five in the morning.
I laid down on the couch, still in my black party dress, and rested my eyes, and felt the strange peace of helplessness. Whatever happened next would be out of my hands.
But then there was a river sweeping me away, with dark forest on either bank, and things inside of it with claws and teeth.







Chapter Twenty-Two





Sunday morning a trumpet woke me.
Five a.m.
My living room was all vague shape and shadow and the sky outside the window was just as dark. I sat up and my head dully ached. Wandering into the kitchen, I started coffee, then left it to head into the bedroom, where my black suit was already laid out. I took off my dress and pulled on a white blouse first, but before buttoning it, I stopped. There were ice crystals on the window. For a moment I felt the fabric against my skin, and tried to pinpoint every cell that comprised my lungs as I breathed in deeply. Somehow I thought that if I felt completely alive, completely fulfilled, completely at peace -if only for one instant- then I would be okay with dying that day. My hands drifted up to my collarbones, then down the valley between my breasts, over my stomach and dipping into my navel, then branching out over the points of my hips, and up my sides, over the ridges of my ribcage. My body was softer than it used to be; a third of a life had passed me by without my noticing. There was a whole skeleton, an intricate system of flesh; muscle and organs, lovely fat and veins, all dedicated to keeping me alive; a heart pumping in repetition, even though sometimes I didn't want it to. My hands went to my face, tracing down over my arched eyebrows, translucent eyelids, paper-thin; over my rebellious cheeks and the hollows beneath them which blended seamlessly into my broad jaw. There was a mind in there, unlike any other in the world. Self-centered and sometimes fractured but mostly kind.
My eyes were prickling and leaking and my plan had backfired. My life was a miracle, and the only thing I had always had to call my own, the only friend I'd had, all along.
I had never been good at making friends, but making lovers was a specialty. I ran through the list in my mind.
Holly, Jenny, Ted, Sarah, Eli, Veronica.
All the lovers who at one point thought that I was theirs had been wrong; I had always belonged only to myself. I had always known, when I was with them, that I could grow fat or chop my hair off or slit my wrists. Now I thought of death, and my first thought was of how lovely my life was, even at its lowest point; but my second thought was Beatrix, Beatrix, Beatrix.
Beatrix, down in Langdon for a month, all alone. How long was it before she made contact with Adrienne Tori, and did the British Liberties Agent put her up after that? Or was she sleeping on the streets, dirty and cold and hungry? If I died, I was being taken from her. And there wasn't any telling how the day would go. I finally had a real love, something to live for other than myself, and it didn't make me feel fulfilled; it only made me feel needier, more hungry for life than ever before.
Beatrix was going to be in the crowd that launched an assault on the base, I knew it well, and that fact made me put on my skirt, button and tuck in my shirt, and don my jacket as I headed to the kitchen. I downed a cup of coffee, with plenty of sugar and cream, then poured myself another with jazz music blaring from the other room. The sky outside was still dark as I stood by the window, sipping. At ten so six, I made my way out onto the stairs and started down onto the street, still sipping.
When I turned out of my alley, I flung the dregs of coffee and mug both over my shoulder. It shattered distantly.
Out on the street, the lights were on overhead. I saw a few women lingering by one corner, another walking across the road. Far more people than should be about, so early, on a Sunday. The group all nodded to me when I passed by, and I knew that they were from Pine Hills. Two more were lingering in an alley I passed just before Main Street. I had a thought to go and look at the base from afar until the train came back from Langdon. Until Sandra made her announcement on the radio, and the troops started to come. And with any luck, I could find Beatrix in the crowd, and stay by her side.
But at the corner, at the drugstore, a figure in my peripheral vision broke away from a group of four, and started for me at a jog. I turned, on guard, but it was only Dana, and she held up her hands defensively.
“Easy. Sorry if I scared you.”
“How many with you?”
“About four hundred.”
“Right. If we get four hundred more from the trip to Langdon, or even three hundred, and if even a fraction of Marquet joins us, we'll have-.”
“-At least two thousand. We can do this,” she said, walking hurriedly alongside me and showing the first bit of excitement I'd ever seen from her. “But there's something else to be done.”
I stopped in place, feeling a sudden dread that I had forgotten to account for some key element to the plan. “What do you mean?”
“Falkenrath. He probably lives off of the base. I don't want him slipping away, I don't want him making it to another base and bringing reinforcements, I don't want him escaping into the mountains. And I don't want him kept alive as a show of good faith or bargaining chip and ending up living the rest of his days in comfort. I want him dead. How do I find him?”
“His- his daughters could tell you.” The words were hard to speak, and I cast a glance down the street toward the girls' restaurant. “I could take you there.”
“Alright. Let's go!”
“You won't hurt them, will you?”
“You think they'll agree to let me go and murder their father?”
I wondered for a moment what had happened to Dana, or if nothing had; had she just come out of the womb so angry? I said nothing, swallowed my guilt, and silently hoped that they would do just that as I started to lead the way west down Main Street. Taking her to Lecker took me further from the military base, and it had to be six o'clock already. The train was probably docked in Langdon and loading up with strong, young women and guns taken off of an overwhelmed battalion of Nazis.
I stepped first up to the empty patio outside the restaurant, and peered in through the large window. Inside, tables were spaced evenly along the clean, wooden floors, with chairs piled up on top of them, and Sherry was in the back, beginning to take them down. She looked sleepy still, and when I tapped on the glass, she nearly jumped out of her skin.
Squinting to make me out in the twilight, she frowned, but started over. When she opened the door, she said, “Maren?”
“Good morning, Sherry. This is my friend Dana. She's here on a special trip from down the mountain. Can we come in?”
The young woman looked suspicious, and murmured, “We can't serve you anything for another hour, at least...”
“That's alright.”
From the way she looked at me, she knew that something was going on. “You're with all these others out on the street.”
“Yes.”
She held the door open and moved aside to let us in. I led the way, and once the door had closed, we all stood in silence for a minute, then I checked my pocket watch. It was just after six.
“Do you have a radio, Sherry?”
“Yes.”
“You're going to want it on.”
She stared at me, but didn't ask yet what was going on. She then crossed the dining room, and went into the kitchen, where I saw her youngest sister meet her through the serving window. The girl noticed Dana and I, and spoke quietly, following her sister further into the restaurant.
Sherry returned with a radio in her arms, setting it up in the presenting window, and then plugging it in and turning it on. It crackled static for a minute, then the jazz came on. Her sister was still hovering nearby, until Sherry snapped at her and she glided away. Those girls all trod so lightly.
Sherry went back to taking chairs down on the far side of the room. I nudged Dana to follow and started to help, tipping mismatched wood seats and stools and metal patio furniture off of their respective tables. She looked irritated, but said nothing. For a minute we were silent, and the last of the chairs came down. The general's daughter started to wipe down every surface, and Dana whispered to me, “What are you waiting for? If we hurry we can take care of this and still join in the assault...”
“If you're worried you'll miss it, then go.” The words coming out of my mouth didn't sound like anything that Maren Abernathy would say. “I'll do it myself.”
“Will you?”
“It's better this way.” Sherry was watching and I thought maybe she could hear us. “They need you. I don't.”
“But are you sure you can do it?”
“Sterling was my friend.”
A bell rang on the door as Dana left the restaurant, and Sherry threw down her rag.
“Alright. What's going on? Why are you here?”
Both of the other girls appeared in the serving window.
I said, “I need to know where your father lives.”
“Why?”
“You seem like… good people.” What nonsense. There was Maren peeking out from below my blank surface. “I can't imagine what it has been like, growing up with him for a father. Knowing so many people will never get to grow up, because of your father. Today is the beginning of the end of the Nazi Party. I know that you're scared of your father. If you tell me where he is, you won't have to be scared anymore, I promise you.”
Sherry's jaw was set hard. She looked over at her sisters, and they looked frightened, but her face gave me nothing. “You want to kill him? I don't think you've got it in you.”
“I think I do,” I said, and my voice only quivered a little.
“Do you need a knife?”
He has a gun that should do. “Just a location.”
“The house is on Peach Street. The biggest house on the block. Blue door. You won't miss it. And you won't,” she added, her tone a warning, “-harm my mother.”
“Of course.”
I turned and headed for the door, and I couldn't believe how simple it had been. It left me wondering, as I headed further from the base, through the thick of town where there were occasional clusters of people waiting just off of the road, or back in the alleys. It left me wondering what exactly Falkenrath was capable of. Probably whatever acts he was capable of, he had committed. And probably he was capable of anything. Probably that was why his oldest daughter burned with hatred, and the younger two were so flighty.
With every step, my conviction grew. Surely there could be no better person to murder than him, if I were going to murder someone, which I was. Was it murder, if it were that justified and deserved? Or was it an unofficially imposed sentence of death? Was I only the executioner, acting on behalf of the whole world?
I liked that thought, as my legs carried me, and my heels were counting off instances in time. Click, click, click.







Chapter Twenty-Three





A blue door on a pristine, white house.
Twenty after six.
The door was unlocked and I found myself drifting through an entryway, past a naturally-lit dining room, then a cozy parlor. There was a study which obviously belonged to a man, and then on the other side a woman's. A bathroom, and then a narrow staircase that I climbed on my toes. In the middle it creaked under my weight, and I realized I ought to be afraid of being heard, but my body wasn't reacting the way it should, and I realized distantly that neither was my brain.
Maren Abernathy would never go creeping through someone's house while they slept.
None of it was normal, but the world was not right and that tended to put people in situations that the human mind was not equipped to handle. The stairs turned around on themselves and I found myself in another hall. To the right a few doors were close together and closed. On the left there was another bathroom and double doors which I thought must lead to a master bedroom.
I approached it. The knob was cold against my hand, an oval shape, metal, molded to look like a gruesome gargoyle's face. As I pushed it open and peeked inside, a dim, furnished room swam into view, and the smallest movement of a dark head lifting on the bed made me freeze. After a moment, that head was still, and I could feel eyes on me, but the silence carried. No alarm, no scream.
Falkenrath's wife slid out of the bed and her feet shuffled on the floor as she approached me. But she stopped halfway across the room and opened the top drawer of a bureau there with quiet, deliberate movements. Then she came the rest of the way and placed something heavy on my palm. That close, I could see her eyes; the coldness of them.
She only gave me a nod, then skirted around me and down the hall, disappearing on the stairs.
My hand fitted itself to the gun, wrapped around the stock and my finger finding the trigger like it was magnetized. With my thumb I absently stroked the silver roses and the initials inlaid in the wood, which I couldn't see in the dim room, but I knew they were there. The S was a tiny serpent I traced over and over as I moved further into the room, and my eyes adjusting allowed me to see the sleeping form of Emmerich Falkenrath, on the side of the bed nearer the curtained window.
A tiny gap in the heavy drapes showed a dark blue sky growing lighter. The street below.
There was a town and a world out there. Somehow a quiet, uneventful bedroom had become its exact center for a moment in time; the moment that I turned the gun downward, aimed at Falkenrath's temple. His deep-set eyes twitched in his sleep.
I pulled the hammer back, and my stomach clenched. Sweat prickled at the back of my neck; the room felt too warm. For the best, I reasoned, with my hand tightening up. Killing a person should never be surface-level.
It was only fair that I feel every bit of it.
Fear. The gun could jam or misfire.
Excitement. Just like a story.
Fear. For such a dark thrill.
Guilt. Killing a man in his sleep.
Fear. For Beatrix, the others.
Vindication. Sterling.
Fear. For my heart, which I never knew until that very moment was so full of hate.
The gun popped, and a startled shout echoed out of me from the wet beads that pelted my face and the way the force of the shot flung my wrist back and I fumbled the gun away. It clattered and hit the ground and I hit the ground a second later, wanting to tear the skin off of my face because those were surely bits of brain all over me, ruining me, and I'm supposed to be perfect, porcelain.
A scream ripped its way out of my chest, turning my throat as raw as the inside of Emmerich Falkenrath's skull. I was clawing at my face, flinging sticky bits away, but actually seeing the blood on my hands was just as bad. I wiped them on my skirt, stifling a sob as my scream finally ended. Every breath hurt, and I knew I had to get away. I grabbed the gun and found my feet, tripping once and landing hard against the wall but then stumbling out into the hallway. On the stairs I fell again, banging my shins, bruising my knees.
At the first floor, I saw that the door was ajar. Falkenrath's wife had left it open when she fled the place. Drifting towards it, I absently stopped outside the parlor. There was a radio up on the mantle over the empty fireplace. I went inside and turned it on. For a second static bloomed in the speakers, then a low whine and the sound of Sandra Teller's steady voice.
“-Dream of Me, and I'm Sandra Teller, sitting in for Wallace who is out sick this Sunday morning. But that's not the truth. Wallace isn't sick. I told him to take the day off, because I had a special news report to share with you, Marquet… Those of you who are listening, at least. You're probably setting up shop for the day, or eating breakfast before you get ready for church, or maybe you're just getting home, because you spent last night with someone you love. Or maybe you're up with a screaming baby. If that's the case, then I envy you. Or maybe you have insomnia, and if that's the case, I'm sorry, I've been there. What's important is that you're here. Here to listen to what I have to say, about all of your sons, brothers, and husbands.”
My pocket watch read half-past six.
Sandra went on. “Right now there should be a train at the station, or on its way, bringing people from Langdon. And there are already people here in town from down the mountain. They're here because, like you, their boys were taken to join the German military when they turned seventeen. But a few brave women I know recently uncovered the truth. The truth that some of you may have guessed already, or might not want to believe. They weren't taking our sons to join their armies.” Her voice shook, but on she rushed. “They were taking our boys and killing them to more easily control us! Like they killed the Jews, and so many others, they have killed our children, and now we are mobilizing against them, right now. It's happening outside your doors, so I'm telling you to go outside and see for yourselves. A force of over a thousand will take the Nazi base while it sleeps. Wake your neighbors, bring weapons if you have them. Do it now. This is our only chance-.”
A bang cut off Sandra's sentence and she gasped, starting to draw panicked breaths as she said, “They were listening, they're coming for me, now. I have the door barricaded, but I don't know how long it will last. It's alright, I knew it would happen this way.”
Another sharp bang, and she let out a squeak, but forced down her terror expertly even as I glanced at the door, feeling dread breaking through my numbness. I hadn't guessed that they were always listening, and always close by; that she would be trapped in the little stone building with only one door.
Sandra was rushing on, “-I knew this would be my last broadcast, but I came here today to spread the truth, to call upon you all to join in! I came because I love my country! I love America, I do not love the Nazi Party, or what they have tried to turn my beloved country into! I came because I love my beautiful sons-!”
A series of bangs, and Sandra seemed to be crying.
“-I love my sons like I know you all love your sons, that the Nazis have taken, or will take from you if you don't take to the streets now! Generations before us had days like this! They fought tyranny and they fought for equality, and for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness for all! Now it's our turn! There will always be tyranny, and we will never bow to it!” Another loud crash dragged a terrified shout from Sandra, and I knew that even if I ran, I could not make it to her in time.
Sandra sucked in a breath and her voice trembled. “Here they come…” The sound of metal grating as it was pushed, and then the line went dead and I swear I heard gunshots in the distance.







Chapter Twenty-Four





Falkenrath's home was on the far west end of town, and as I stepped outside, there were no people rushing out of their two-story houses, no doors opening. I wondered if there were not other military members around, less civilians, or if perhaps it was just that nobody cared about Sandra's broadcast. Maybe Marquet would not rise to the call like I thought they would. They had more comfortable lives than Pine Hills and probably Langdon, too. More luxuries, more to lose.
But at Main Street, surrounded by businesses, the streets were completely empty. There were no people setting up their shops, or even milling around inside that I could see through the windows. When I passed the road that I would turn off onto to reach my house, I could see the station and the silver train in the distance, and there was no one on the streets that way, either. I rushed on, up ahead there was the massive two-tiered wall that surrounded the base, and past it a way, the metal front gate had been gutted; torn off at one side and still hanging off of the other.
I found myself running, knowing that I had missed the assault by just minutes, and made the gate only to freeze outside the compound. Inside there was a small crowd of bodies stretched out on the ground, closer and tighter together nearer the perimeter, and then intermittently all the way up to the door. The sight of their chests seeping blood onto the white snow sent me into a dizzy spell, and I leaned on the stone wall a moment.
Two women were pulling a groaning old man, shot in the gut, onto a stretcher, and then lifting him and hurrying by me. I pushed on and ran for the entrance to the main building. The light blinded me for a second, the white floors were empty and clean in the entry hall. Two more people, an old man and woman, rushed out from around the first corner, half-carrying, half-dragging a woman who was shot in the leg. I went that way and through a set of green double-doors, and inside another immense room was buzzing with hundreds of voices. Moans and panicked shouts for help, people who were dead or dying among a long room lined with stacked bunks for German soldiers. And some of the wounded, I saw, were civilians, but others were young men in matching uniforms, being tended by their own or yet more townspeople.
I looked for anyone I knew, and further into the mess I saw several hundred soldiers crowded along the back wall, penned in by a line of our people with guns. One of them was Jenna, the burly redhead from among Andrew's trusted circle. I ran to her, stepping among the carnage and calling out to her.
She glanced back, but didn't move to meet me, keeping her gun trained and on guard. “Maren,” she nodded. “We won. Half of Marquet must have come. It was over quickly.”
“Have you seen Beatrix?”
“No.”
“Andrew? Or Dana?”
“Dana was in the group that took the west barracks-,” she indicated the opposite way across the main hall. “I don't know about Andrew.”
I started at a run and had to queue through the double doors where people were rushing wounded away. There were three people helping for every one person hurt, and one woman with blood caked onto her hands up to her wrists was yelling, “Take the urgent care patients to the medical wing, that way! If they're not dying they go to the hospital!”
I crossed the hall and went into an identical mass barracks where there were far fewer German soldiers left alive; maybe a hundred crowded along the back open area past the bunks, and all face-down on the floor with their hands behind their backs, a few women I didn't recognize prowling among them with guns. Dana was helping a few women drag bodies off to the side of the room to clear a path, and when I called to her she stopped what she was doing to rush over.
She was grinning ferociously. “We did it!”
“What do we do with the captives?” I wondered aloud.
“They have cells in the basement for anyone worth keeping. If it were up to me, we'd execute every last one of them, but it's not just up to me.”
“They surrendered, that's worth something.”
“Trials, I suppose. How do you sentence a Nazi? Hard-labor? Prison? Waste of resources. Falkenrath is dead?”
I nodded, then remembered my purpose and glanced around. “Beatrix?”
“She's not with me. Try the second floor. They had more time to gather and it ended with a standoff in the mess hall.”
“Thank you,” I said, starting to turn away.
“-Don't wander off alone anywhere! They don't have the entire building secured yet.”
I ran back into the main hall and took the stairs two at a time. Every second I didn't find Beatrix was ratcheting up my fear; fear, the only thing I could feel as I made my way past an open-layout loft area stuffed with gym equipment, fighting against a stream of people moving the wounded. And where the walls of the mess hall began, there were already dozens -or maybe a hundred- bodies lined up head to toe, all of civilians. There was Sally, one of the sisters from Andrew's circle.
And if the bodies piled outside made my insides turn, then the mess hall itself was worse. As I was going in, a group was herding maybe fifty German soldiers, some a bit bloody, some with their faces and hair blackened with some dark residue. I looked at them and expected hate as they looked back at me, but mostly they looked vacant; the way that I felt. A few were terrified, even crying.
As soon as I went inside, I saw why there were so few troops being taken away. In the back of the room they had erected a kind of barricade of tables that locked together, probably for that exact purpose. The wall around it was blackened from an explosion, and splattered with blood like the floors were soaked around the front of the barricade. Even with all the bodies that had been removed from the room, the floor was nearly impossible to navigate. There was a man with half his face burned unrecognizable. There was one who had died trying to hold his guts in.
The screams of pain were a wall of sound all their own.
I pushed by more people rushing out. There were two people holding down a woman while another was extracting a bullet from a gushing stomach wound, a medical kit spilled open nearby. There was a smell of burned skin so thick that it was inescapable. A woman was sobbing on the ground over a limp figure I couldn't see past the shroud of her hair.
Further in, closer to the makeshift barricade, the crowd grew sparser. And suddenly, there was a shapely brown head that I would know anywhere. Beatrix was sitting cross-legged, with her back to most of the chaos and carnage. There was a body in front of her, the face covered by a dark jacket. My mind went blank. A man's boots, it looked like. The standard pants of a soldier, and she was holding his hand.
“Beatrix,” I said, moving closer. There was the lower half of an arm on the ground. She didn't look back at me until I sank to my knees beside her.
“Look at all this,” she hissed, and her eyes were narrowed. “I didn't think anything could be this bad.”
I put a hand on her back but she didn't reach out to embrace me like I had expected she would. In fact, her body was turned away, closed off to me. “Ross?”
“Yes,” she said. “You told me he was dead.”
“I thought he was. I had every reason to think that. Who could have guessed that they would actually keep a few boys from town?”
“You let me take you down into the mines, where you were assuming my brother had died, because you needed someone to take you. For your little investigation. Then we got cornered, and I led them away because I loved you. And you let me do that, too, because you're selfish.”
“I tried to look out for Ross, I told him what was going to happen.”
“You looked out for yourself like always. You weren't here. Where were you?”
“I killed Emmerich Falkenrath.”
“Well… good for you.”
“I'm sorry about Ross.”
“He blew them up from inside their barricade, he's the only reason we could take this place. You warned him this would happen and he saw an opportunity to help us. If I'd been there when he came home for the weekend, he wouldn't have done this. Eleven years pretending to be a Nazi, he hated himself, and he probably thought I hated him, too. You could have done something. At least tried to get him out.”
“How?” I murmured, though my throat was clamped shut.
“I don't know how, I'm not as smart as you are.”
The venom in her voice added hurt to the limited range of emotions I was feeling, and I found myself standing and moving away, only knowing I wanted to put space between us before she hurt me anymore. Then someone was calling my name and I stopped.
Andrew Stratus ran up to me. He had a cut over one eye that was bleeding down his temple.
“You're bleeding.”
His mousy face spasmed like he would either begin to laugh or cry. “At least it's over, right?”
“Is it?”
“For now. Dana is already talking about how we can mobilize other towns, take over other bases.”
My eyes had landed on the severed arm a stone's throw from us. Andrew followed my gaze, then quickly looked away.
He said, “You shouldn't be here, you don't need to be seeing this,” he put a hand on my back and started to lead me toward the door.
“-I killed Falkenrath. Can't you see his blood on me?”
He looked me over and sighed. “I'm sorry...”
“Don't be. I got you your father's gun back.”
“Grandfather's, really...” He stared at the gun that I was offering him, but didn't take it from me. “I'm sorry, I- I don't want it. I don't want a gun. You should keep it, you were close with my father. Or sell it.”
We were in the hall, then, and leaving the bodies behind. Andrew took my hand.
“None of this is your fault, you know?”
“If I had never come here, your father would be alive, Ross Packard would be alive. All those people would be alive.”
“And their sons would keep dying in the hundreds and thousands, all over America. It was just a matter of time before we found out, and exactly this happened.” He gave my hand a squeeze. “The sooner the better. Even more people would have died by the time we could manage this on our own. You saved people. Hold onto that.”
“Where are we going?”
We were on the stairs, heading down to the first level. They had begun to drag bodies out into the main hall. Nazis on one side, civilians on the other.
“I don't know. Outside, I guess. Are you alright on your own? You should head home.”
“England?”
“...Or your apartment.”
“Oh. Yes, I'll survive.”
But while I was alive, I wasn't sure I was surviving in the purest form of the word. The cold air outside was blotted with the fattest snowflakes and clumps I'd ever seen that all seemed determined to cling to my eyelashes. From around the side of the main barracks, a group of more civilians and wounded rushed by us, heading out of the broken gate and onto the street for the hospital a few blocks away. A dark-haired woman came the other way; Nicole, the younger of the sisters from our circle in Pine Hills. She met us just as we were stepping through the gate.
“Andrew. Maren…” She spoke to him but kept shooting me glances, with worry pulling her brows together. “You should head over to the hospital. Under the barracks, in the cells, they found your father.”
Dread.
My heart squeezed, compacting like a collapsing star. and my hand went up reflexively to press the place over my breast. The thing was very much like a black hole that kept taking and taking, and the errant thought ran through my mind, Shouldn't I be numb by now?
“They- what?”
“He's alive, but he's not in good shape.”
The gun still heavy in my hand, and Falkenrath's blood on my face felt warm again, and guilt was twisting in my guts, but I was beginning to shake with cautious joy, too. Saying that he was not in good shape was a warning meant to crush your hope before it strangled you.
Why aren't I numb?
Nicole reached out to put a hand on Andrew's shoulder. “I'm happy for you.” But she was on the brink of tears, and a second later he swept her up in a hug.
“I'm sorry about Sally.”
“Me too.”
She separated and started for the barracks again. Andrew looked at me with an apologetic expression, and my heart sank as I knew just what it meant.
“I'm sorry,” he said. “I can't- they need all the help they can get.”
I didn't blame him, but the thing in itself -a father and son who couldn't relate- saddened me. “I'll go. You could come by later.”
“I'll try.” I believed him but didn't hope for much.

*

The hospital smelled strongly of cleanser, and faintly of gunpowder and urine as I walked through halls where patients who were not critical and patients who had already died were left indiscriminately crowded along the walls. Some of them were on gurneys, some of them were seated, others just slumped on the floor. Like they were bursting out of the seams, there wasn't enough space. A few medical personnel rushed by, wheeling a man with a leg blown off who was sobbing.
I found Sterling's room in a quieter wing of the hospital. He was in a hospital bed, dressed in a hospital gown, with his skin like wax paper showing through with starved veins, vibrant blue on white on white on white. An IV fed into one arm. Four other people were laid out to one side. In order: a woman smiling and aware with a baby in one arm, then another woman with a head injury whose father held her hand, then an old man who looked unharmed, then a girl who was maybe twenty with her eyes wrapped up and a hundred other little nicks on her face, who was alone and not moving. Various stages of life in which Sterling seemed to represent death, so sunken were his eyes, and his wrists and hands bony, and he was weak as he tried to sit up as he saw me.
“Maren-.” A soft croak. “You shouldn't be here. You don't need to be here.”
“I wanted to come.” My voice was similarly weak. “And someone should be here with you. And I brought you your father's gun back. Andrew is alright, he stayed to help at the base.” I put the gun on the little table by his bed.
Sterling nodded sadly. “Is Beatrix alright?”
“She's alive. Her brother is dead and it's my fault.”
“I don't believe that.”
“The Nazis kept two boys from all the ones they took. Ross Packard and the butcher's son. An insurance policy. She took the fall when we got caught in the mines, when we went in and found the incinerators. She was hiding in Langdon the past month, and she didn't get to see him until today. But I did. I told him what was going to happen and I knew he hated himself for the things he had done. And he set off a bomb inside the Nazi's barricade today.”
Sterling winced at the mention of the incinerators, and then his eyes couldn't meet mine anymore, trained downward with guilt. So we sat in silence for a minute and neither of us could look at the other.
The only other person near as guilty as you are, I thought, and it was a strange kinship to feel.
I spoke again. “We thought you were dead. I killed Emmerich Falkenrath.”
“I'm sorry Maren, you shouldn't have had to do that…”
“I didn't have to. I wanted to…”
Sterling didn't look judgmental, he looked apologetic. He turned his hand and opened it. I reached out to fit mine inside it, and gave him a squeeze.







Chapter Twenty-Five





I stayed with Sterling for several hours. I recounted the whole of what he had missed, the events leading up to the battle, my movements that morning, and then Sterling told me what happened the day he went to the radio station. That he had very little hope it would have worked, but resolved to try to fix his past mistakes anyway. I wondered aloud how I could make up for mine. His reply was almost word-for-word what Andrew had said to me outside the compound; that the revolution was an inevitability and that I had done a great thing in taking it upon myself to set it in motion. He said that the burden it put on me was indisputable proof of my selflessness.
And I supposed that going into it all I had known it would change me. I just couldn't have guessed that I wouldn't recognize myself at all, on the other side. Like the occasional person you encountered, and felt absolutely sure that they had taken a life; I thought I would have felt encompassed by mystery and danger. Where was the woman who had thought herself fantastic, only hours ago?
I sighed heavy and said nothing to Sterling, but cupped his hand in both of mine. The angle that his arm turned to showed a plethora of healed and semi-healed round wounds, no bigger than a fingertip. Some pink, some red and angry.
“Oh my God,” I murmured.
“Oh… don't worry about that.”
But I couldn't wipe the concern off of my face and he sighed, starting to explain.
“Falkenrath would visit me in my cell. He was the only one who ever came. And when he did he would light a cigarette, and offer me a glass of water...”
I couldn't think of anything to say.
He asked about my family and I answered, glad to let the conversation wander.
“My parents met young, and married young. They wanted to have two children. They wanted a boy and a girl. That's not so unusual. But they wanted to name the boy after my mother and the girl after my father. Instead they got two girls, and called it quits. So my little sister is Katherine after my mother who goes by Kitty, and I'm Maren after my father, whose name is also Meryn, only the more masculine spelling.”
That made Sterling smile.
I asked him, “What about your family?”
His smile went away. “You know about my father, he died in the war. My mother died of cancer when I was a teenager. No brothers or sisters.”
“I'm sorry.”
“It's okay.”
“...Do you think you'll be here for very long?”
“I'm not sure. They could keep me for a month or turf me out tomorrow for someone in worse shape.”
“Have you seen a doctor yet?”
“No, but a nurse started treatment for dehydration. And she seems to think there's something wrong with my lungs... But there are other people who need help more than me.”
“That's not how it works,” I said plainly. “Your pain doesn't have to measure up to anyone else's. It's yours.”
“You're right. And I hope you'll take your own advice and try to get some help for the trauma you experienced today.”
I said, “You tricked me.”
He smiled.
“What do you need? What could you use, if you end up having to stay here a while?”
“I'd love a book. Anything from my collection.”
My heart sank. “Oh… Sterling, I'm sorry. When we thought you had died, Andrew had to get rid of all your books. Or at least the banned ones from your study.”
“Oh.” A heartbreak he couldn't begin to hide. “Of course. My life would be under a microscope. And Andrew couldn't risk it. Did he burn them?”
“I'm afraid so.”
Sterling winced, and I took his hand again.
“I can bring something from the main library in your house. Or I can bring you something of mine to read. Helen Keller has been with me every step of the way. Or I do have a copy of your favorite book, All Quiet on the Western Front. I also have Hemingway and Jack London and Freud the quack, take your pick.”
“Jack London would be nice, maybe...”
“Done.” We were silent a bit, and I wondered aloud, “Even if we tried to carry on as normal, we couldn't keep up the charade for long. We have to go on the offensive and fast. Or the mountain towns are all sitting ducks, right in a row.”
“That's for the fighters to worry about. You've done more than your fair share.”
“Do you believe in Hell?”
“No.”
“What then?”
“Repetition. I've lived a long time, take my word for it. We either get things right, or we don't. And if we don't, we get a lot more chances. That's life; cyclical. We find beauty in symmetry because we see it everywhere in nature. Why would death be any different?”
I realized at that moment that I trusted Sterling more than myself, and repetition and symmetry sounded a lot better than damnation. More importantly Sterling talked about death like it was something he knew intimately; but a bit like a friend he hadn't seen for a while, and I knew he planned on living a time longer.
Andrew came into the room just after noon, and Sterling looked pleasantly surprised. I smiled.
Andrew said, “Hey, Maren. Most of the heavy lifting is done, at the base. So I was summarily dismissed…” He addressed his father. “How are you?”
“Okay.”
“Alright.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah.” Andrew toed the floor for a minute, then sighed and stepped further into the room.
I stood, and said to Sterling, “I'll see you soon,” then moved around Andrew, giving him a final encouraging smile as I went.

*

I went home to the eerie stillness of my apartment and the first thing I did was head to the bathroom. In the mirror, I saw that while I had gotten most of Falkenrath's blood off of my face, there was still some spatter along the right side of my jaw and neck. But even once my face was cleaned, it seemed that all the loveliness had gone from it. That put a hollow kind of fear in me. My beauty was my strength. And suddenly all at once it was gone, and my face looked a knobby mishmash of fat and cartilage over a generic Homo sapien skull.
I put on every kind of makeup I had. It didn't help at all.
If I didn't look like myself, it had to be because I wasn't myself anymore. I was some ugly, soft-spoken woman; and Beatrix had part of me that I wasn't getting back, nor was I getting a part of her to supplement the part of me that she kept.
I ate a chocolate cupcake. I cleaned for several hours. Washed every window and flat surface in the apartment, and then took a bath and washed myself. In the tub I didn't think at all. I scrubbed all the makeup off. Then the water went cold and I climbed out. My pocket watch said that it was half-past three. I realized I couldn't stand to be alone with myself anymore, and dressed in my baggy brown trousers and a white blouse and my loafers, collected Call of the Wild by Jack London and the last few cupcakes, and went out into the cold day.
The halls of the hospital had been cleaned when I returned. No more bodies, no more wounded, and no blood left behind, like they had never been there at all. Only the smell of bleach. The new mother had left an empty bed, but the others were still there, lined up to the left side of the room. Sterling was right where I left him, but Andrew had gone.
I went and sat, putting the book and the cupcakes on the bedside table. “How long did he last?” I asked.
“About an hour. He said he'd try to stop in again, but I can't help it if I'm not optimistic.”
“Give it time?” I suggested.
He shook his head. “I'm the reason he lost his hand. And I'm the reason he lost his mother. And I'm the reason thousands of other mothers have lost their sons.”
“What about repetition and symmetry?”
“There are only a few things that can't be redeemed,” he said. “And I think I found all of them.”
For a second I had nothing to say. Then, “At least we aren't Nazis.”
He put on a strange smile, which looked more like sympathetic pity than it did like amusement.
“Have you seen a doctor yet?”
“Yes. Pneumonia, she thinks… You don't have to waste your day here, you know?”
“I don't want to be alone.”
And so he let me stay, even though I was probably being a bother. I went home again that night, but couldn't sleep at all, and ended up going back to the hospital before dawn the next morning. Sterling was sleeping, and looked peaceful for once. So I curled up in the chair beside him and I slept, too.







Chapter Twenty-Six





I passed by several days in that manner; waking up in the morning with Sterling at the hospital, going out and getting us each a pastry or fruit tart from the bakery, returning and eating in silence. Then we would talk for a bit and then I would read quietly from Call of the Wild, with Sterling listening intently. I would go out and get lunch, force myself to run an errand or two, then head back. I felt calm around Sterling.
The other patients cleared out of the hospital day after day, others taking their places, and after a few more days, their beds remained empty. I didn't go back to work, there would be no work to be done. I didn’t try to contact British Liberties.
Let them think I died. If everyone thinks it, then it's true.
Early on Saturday, six days after the assault on the base, I brought Sterling a croissant and then asked him to excuse me; said that I was going down the mountain.
“Good luck,” he said, seeming worried for me but trying to be optimistic.
“I'm also going to bring you some fresh clothes, for when you get discharged,” I said.
“Thank you.”
Pine Hills looked like a ghost town when I took the train down. The few people who were out on the streets stared at me as I went by. Probably I was just out of place, like usual. But also maybe they had lost people and wished I were dead. By the time I reached Beatrix's house, my hands were trembling at my sides.
I knocked on the door.
She didn't answer, and I heard nothing stirring inside.
I knocked again.
Finally the knob turned and she opened the door wide.
Standing in the frame, Beatrix looked clean and sane, with her brown hair combed silky and straight, her muscular arms taught and nearly bursting out of the white t-shirt she wore. The only thing wrong with the picture of her was that as she looked me over, she wasn't happy to see me. And I knew that to her, as well, all the loveliness had gone from me.
“Good morning,” I murmured, and my voice was a squeak.
“Good morning, Maren.” My name had already been grieved and left behind in her smooth tone. “How are you?”
“I'm sorry,” was my answer. “I'm sorry I wasn't more thoughtful, or careful… Can't you forgive me?”
Beatrix looked away. “None of it was your fault, Maren. I was wrong to say that, and I'm sorry. But I still don't want you here. You should go back to England. And you should talk to a professional about what you've been through. Get some help.”
“You want me to leave?” The tremor of a whispered scream.
“I want you to be okay.”
But then she was closing the door, and my lower lip was quivering, and there were no words. I turned and went. I walked to Sterling's house and packed a pair of clothes and his spectacles and the journal from his bedside table into a box, and then walked back. The train wasn't to return for hours, I knew- but I sat under the station's roof, in the ankle-deep snow, until it did.
And I knew there was something wrong with me, like everyone was saying.
Sterling said nothing as I entered the hospital room that evening, which he was by then the only occupant of. The room put warmth back in my hands and cheeks as I sat down, and Sterling sat up in his bed, still weak but getting stronger.
“Beatrix is of the opinion that I should return to England.”
“It would probably be good for you to be with your family.”
“I won't leave until you're better,” I vowed.
“I could be out any day, Maren,” he said, and I was given pause by how gentle he was with my name. “Don't sacrifice your health for mine.”
“It could be months, still,” I said. “I'll have to cross most of the country, remember. And then cross the Atlantic. And that can't happen while we're the only area of America that isn't controlled by Nazis.”
“If you began from a different town, you would be fine. No one would know you. You could charter a private plane, a little further inland, and craft the right papers from what they have at the base.”
“Yes, you're probably right.”
“You should go, if it will make you happy.”
“I don't know if it will,” I said. “I don't know if anything will.”
“Something will. Give it time.”
I nodded. Chewed my lip. “Call of the Wild?”
“Sure.”

*

It turned out that Sterling had been right, and he was released from the hospital several days later. He was still weak, but he was walking and he no longer looked like death. They released him in the morning, and I brought him to my apartment, and he made a point of tending to my fern, which I had nearly managed to kill in the past weeks. Really I wanted it to die, so I would have nothing left that needed me, but I didn't have the heart to tell Sterling that.
Then we laid out in the living room and read in silence; or rather he sat on one end of the couch and I laid out on the other, kicking my feet up into his lap. And he didn't mind. We cooked a roast with carrots and potatoes and I opened a bottle of white wine, and we ate dinner at my little kitchen table as the sky was growing dark outside the large window, bathing the white counters in blue. We walked to the train station afterward, as I meant to see him onto the last train of the night, back down the mountain.
But on the platform I saw that no one else was inside the car, and the thought of him seeing home again for the first time in months, and seeing his office shelves empty and nobody there with him, I was overtaken with sadness. So after a minute, when he took his seat on board, I hurried to follow.
“Do you mind if I stay over?” I asked.
“Not at all,” he answered. “...I have plenty of room...”
The woman from Pine Hills who had taken over the conducting of the train watched us for a second, like we were something strange.
The next morning I woke before dawn in a mauve colored guest room, and headed back  to Marquet.
I went to the Communications Office, and when I stepped through the door the room's steady pulsing from the group of three women who were plugging away at their machines to local towns along the mountains slowed all at once, but did not stop. Two more women were moving between the telegraphs and the back office, where I saw Dana and one other woman, pretty and brunette with bushy curls and a very sharp face. Dana waved me back toward them, and so I went.
They had set up a kind of command center, back there, with a topographical map of the west coast spread out on the desk and towns and military bases indicated on it by special markers, while a map of the entire united states was up on the wall, with tacks at a dozen places, color-coded from yellow to orange to red, and one black pin in Washington DC. Wilhelm's name had been only partly scraped off of the door. The painting of Hitler had become a dart board. His mustache was worth a hundred points.
Dana was warmer to me than ever before, and I realized that killing Nazis had put her in a sunny mood. I wished I had her disposition, even if it meant giving up my soul; the thing caused more trouble than it was worth.
“Maren, this is Adrienne Tori.”
The woman shook my hand. “Good work this month, Maren. You did a great thing for America, and for England. I hope you know that.”
“I want to go home,” I said, perhaps a bit rudely. “I need papers made up, and a signature forged from the travel agent of another town, not Marquet's. That should be enough to get me home. Can you help me?”
Adrienne Tori said, “We can definitely do that for you. Give us a few days, leave your address, here-.” She pushed a pad and pen toward me. “And we'll get back to you.”
I wrote. “My apartment can be rented to pay to book my passage home, or I had a quarterly salary coming up, if those funds still exist. It doesn't matter.”
“Don't worry about it.”
I set the pen down, and the relief that I could most definitely be sent home was overwhelmed by some pressing sadness. “Actually...” I crossed out my address, and wrote down Sterling's, instead. “Don't draw anything up, yet. I need to see about something tonight.”
I packed a bag from my apartment. All of my clothes apart from my colorful work suits, which I left hanging. My banned books from within the wall, which hadn't been outside in so long. And I cooked up a piece of chicken just to toss it down into the alley for my tabby cat, then headed out of the apartment, down the stairs, with my bag on one shoulder, and my fern under the other arm.
I caught the train back to Pine Hills. Saw Beatrix heading into the bar for the night, but she didn't see me, which was for the best. I went to Sterling's house, found him in his kitchen, cooking, and presented him with my few incriminating books, spreading them out on the counter.
“Can you help me with these?”
He understood, and was pulling on oven mitts to take a fish out of the oven. “It will take some time. A few days at least, maybe a week. But I would be happy to.”
“That's alright. It will take at least that long to have the papers I need drawn up, and the trip arranged...”
He nodded, and didn't look back at me as he set the dish down and closed the oven. “Mm-hm...”
I realized, much to my relief, that he was as lost as I was at the concept of my leaving. Kelly the housekeeper had found another job, since there were plenty to choose from in the aftermath of the assault on the base. And Andrew hadn't come around since the first day in the hospital. And Sterling didn't even have his books in his study to keep him company. He only had me.
“Will you come with me?” I asked, and my voice was a shameful tremolo. “To London?”
He turned suddenly.
“-Please,” I sputtered, and then my cheeks were wet, and then he crossed to me and I was gasping for breath and he hugged me until I calmed down.
Then he said, after the longest minute of my life, “Okay.”
He didn't let go until I did, and then he turned away, starting to divide the fish, and I wiped my nose.
“You can have the eyeball,” he said, laying the front half of the fish on my plate, and I laughed.
So the next morning I went back to Marquet and asked Adrienne Tori to make up papers for Sterling and I, both. She said that she could do that, and I thanked her, then went on my way. I went back to my apartment, cooked something for the cat, then still managed to catch the morning's last train back to Pine Hills.
Sterling worked on binding our banned books in new spines, so that even if they were inspected on our journey, they would pass by unseen. I sat across his desk and drafted a letter home to my parents. I told them I had more than accomplished what I had set out to accomplish, in my position in Marquet. I told them that I was coming home, and that while I was very sorry to inconvenience them, I was bringing my friend Sterling home, too, and could they please make up the spare bedroom?
We passed a few days like that. I made a trip up to Marquet once a day and fed my tabby, and he learned the routine quick enough and met me every morning at my stairs. After five days a messenger came with our papers and tickets, first by plane to the east coast, then by ship across the Atlantic, which should take no more than eight or ten days. We were to depart from Marquet in a bush plane and be dropped just outside of a factory town a hundred miles east, which we would walk into from the private runway in the woods.
I made a final trip to my apartment that morning before the plane was to arrive, and lured the tabby out with bacon I'd bought just for the occasion. I shoved him in a crate and took him with me, though he was yowling and clawing at the walls for the first hour and drew a strange look from the woman who flew the plane, he had settled down or gone catatonic by the time we found ourselves in the travel agency of the next town over, presenting our papers. The German man looked at them for only a second, and my heart stopped, and then he waved us through onto the air strip and I went on living. We boarded a much larger plane, and Sterling was shaking again. He hated to fly. In fact, he hated all small spaces, since the month he spent in the cell. But he braved the plane, and when we boarded the ship, he spent very little time in our cabin. I fed the cat scraps from my meals and stole a roll of bandages from a first aid kit to change its soiled padding. It clawed me badly, but I did manage to shove it back inside every night before bed.
For over a week we passed time by, playing board games and reading, always near each other. When other passengers tried to befriend us it didn't go well for them; most were German military or their families, some other Europeans, some Americans. Even the captain invited us to dine with him on the final night of our voyage, but we respectfully declined. I didn't like the idea of leaving an impression on anyone.
When a horn blew to signal that land was in view, all of the passengers crowded on deck. My heart ached in a wonderful way, and I grabbed Sterling's hand where we were squeezed against a railing. He had a smile, too.
From the port we took a train the rest of the way to London, then hired a car and every mile my heart was getting lighter and lighter. Stuck in London traffic, I pointed out every significant building that we could see, and started to talk about all the monuments I wanted to show Sterling, and we moved forward at a crawl until we broke free into a quieter suburb, and the buildings were beginning to get familiar as we went, until finally the car pulled to a stop outside my parent's brownstone.
The door opened before I had even climbed out of the car, and my father ran down the stairs to meet me. The last of the blonde had gone from his hair since I saw him last, and the drooping bags under his eyes jiggled as he wiped them, not trying to hide his joyful tears as he swept me into his arms. My mother followed, smiling with her whole face though her lips hardly moved, crinkled at the sides, still beautiful at sixty.
My father sighed and his breath washed over my ear. “Oh, I missed you so much.”
“Are you alright?” My mother hovered around us. “You look thin.”
“I've been traveling,” I brushed her off, finally letting go of my father and then hugging her. “I missed you. I missed this place. I'm never leaving again.”
“Good,” she said.
I remembered Sterling, unloading our bags from the trunk of the car and tipping the driver, and led my parents over. “Mom, dad, this is Sterling Stratus. Sterling, these are my parents, Meryn and Kitty, but you know that already…”
If my parents were shocked by the age or the look of him, they hid it well. He shook my father's hand. “Pleased to meet you, Meryn, and thank you both so much for your hospitality.”
“I'm very pleased to meet you, too, Sterling.” He clapped a hand on Sterling's shoulder. “Welcome home.”
My mother accepted his hand. “Sterling, what an interesting name.” She kissed him on the cheek. “We're very glad to have you here.”
“Thank you, Kitty.”
I was smiling. “It's freezing, let's go inside.”







Chapter Twenty-Seven





First thing we moved our bags to our rooms, and took a bit of time to settle in. I went into my adjoining bathroom and shut the door behind me, then released the cat from its crate. It sprang out and darted away, all but its swishing tail disappearing under a towel rack. I started a warm bath in the tub, then lured it out.
My parents had tea made when I went down. Sterling followed shortly afterward, and he had donned a waistcoat and straightened his hair. When we sat down on chairs of polished wood and black and white striped upholstery, I poured for him and I both.
My mother said, “Katherine asked us to send word as soon as you arrived. She'll probably visit before long, and stay through Christmas.”
“Wonderful.”
“Only,” my father realized, “Where will we put her?”
“Hm. Well, we'll get another bed and put it in the attic.”
He said, “I don't mind putting the Dick up there with the spiders, but my little girl? Absolutely not.”
“Most people aren't quite as frightened of spiders as you are, Dear.”
Sterling said, “I'll find some other lodging through the holidays, and you can give Katherine and her husband her old room. I can't put your family out like that.”
“Absolutely not,” I said. “You live here, now. We'd still be putting someone out.”
“Well, the attic, then,” he suggested. “I don't mind spiders.”
“Don't be silly. You'll bunk with me of course. I won't hear of anything else.”
So that was decided, and for a moment no one spoke.
“Do you want to know what happened?” I asked. My voice stayed strong. In my home, in my country, it all felt like a bad dream.
My father said, “If you want to tell us…”
I did, but I looked at Sterling first. “You don't have to stay.”
“It's alright. Go ahead.”
Together we told most of the story. Sterling made no mention of his wife, or of Andrew's hand. And I did not tell my parents that I had killed a man. So far as I was concerned, they never needed to know. I wouldn't tell them, and I wouldn't do anything to give it away.
As soon as we had finished tea, my mother made a point of excusing us until dinner, and pulling my father into the kitchen with her. Probably she wanted to know if I seemed off. Probably he hadn't noticed, and would tell her to calm down, which she probably needed to hear. I checked in on Sterling, in the stately, white guest room he was put up in, then returned to my own bedroom. It had abstract, vibrant paintings on each wall, and a four-post bed in the center taking up most of the available space. I let the cat out of the bathroom, and it still steered clear of me, even when I offered it a treat. For the cat and Sterling both, I had hopes that they would adapt. If there were an existence a person could learn to love, it had to be my cozy little English world.
Everyone should change their lives for me, I thought, and even my inner monologue was still thick with self-loathing. Marquet was not a dream, no matter how strange it all seemed. And my bed still knew my body, because it was the same body that had gone away a year ago. But my mind was not, and I didn't like my old paintings anymore, or the gossamer, white canopy over the oak bed frame.
I took it all down, and put it all in the closet. But then bare, open walls became too much; the flowery wallpaper reflecting me back at myself. So I went to the parlor and pulled a book off a shelf and sat in the window seat I had fantasized about so much, back in Wyoming. But I had trouble focusing.
That was the heart of my strange sickness. I didn't want to read, or talk to anyone, or sit and think, or even eat. I didn't want to do anything. More than anything I wanted to stop having to fill so much endless time.
The first moment you realize you no longer want to exist is one you will always remember.
I tried not to dwell on it and kept myself busy until dinner.
But my mind invariably found its way back there, when I was dusting shelves and cleaning windows. And I had surely thought, by the time Beatrix closed the door on me in Pine Hills, that there was nothing new to feel; that I had conquered the spectrum of human emotion. My parents liked to dress up for special dinners, and so I put on my black party dress before going down.
We ate steak, and I probably failed to uphold my share of the conversation, so Sterling and my parents got to know each other better.
We said goodnight from the table, and I realized how tired I was. On the stair's landing, I stopped Sterling with a gentle touch to his arm.
“Are you doing alright?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said. “Are you?”
“I thought coming home would fix everything...”
“You can leave the place behind, but you can't leave behind what happened.”
I nodded. “Well, goodnight, then. Try to sleep...”
“You too.”
I hugged him, then went to bed without bothering to undress.

*

It was six days later that I woke late, like most mornings, laid in bed for another hour and then finally dragged myself downstairs to the parlor, which had since been strung with holiday decorations and everything shuffled a few feet aside to make room by the window for a Christmas tree. Unlike most days, when I reached the bottom of the stairs, my mother and father both stood from their seats by the fire, turning to face me. Sterling came out of the kitchen with a cup of coffee for me, sweetened. He looked pale.
“What's going on? Why aren't you at work?” I asked my father.
“I tried to head in this morning, only to find that there's a curfew in place. All the streets are empty of civilians. The radio is dead silent.”
“And you don't know anything else?”
“Only that it seemed like every Nazi in England was on patrol.”
“They don't want people gathering, or communicating,” my mother said, “Something is happening, or something has happened. I need to speak to my people, someone would know. We have a contingency plan for emergency situations.”
“How do you plan to meet anyone?”
“The sewers...” She was already tugging on her coat, but my father reached out to stop her.
“Kitty, no. You don't know if it's safe, don't go crawling through the sewers with Nazis all around...”
“I have to, Meryn,” she insisted. “I'll be back shortly.”
I went to the picture window and watched her slip out into our empty alley, where down a long stretch past eight other residences on either side, I could see the corner and the larger street there was just as still. My mother took a crowbar with her, and leveraged up the manhole and disappeared under the surface of the world, then pulled it back into place over top of herself.
Sterling joined me at the window seat. “I thought we might find some peace and quiet.”
“There won't ever be peace. We might have triggered this, you know? The Germans could have diverted more troops away into America, or news could have spread about the mountains being taken back, and spurred British Liberties into action. I haven't spoken to anyone from my unit since everything happened. I hate to not know, but part of me thinks it's better. Until my mother goes crawling around in filthy sewers, that is...”
He nodded, but said nothing.
I moved my legs aside and he sat, then I put my feet back up and into his lap and we watched the street.
About two hours after she had gone out, my mother returned, moving the manhole cover aside and climbing out into the street. I ran to meet her and made the front door before Sterling and my father, and opened it to find my mother shucking off her leather boots and socks before she stepped inside. Once the door was closed, and the smell of the sewer had come in with her, she started to unbutton her dress, peeling it off as she headed through the parlor, bundling it up and shoving the outfit, boots and all, into the trash.
“Did you meet your man?” I asked, following a step behind her as she went.
“Are you alright?” my father asked.
Sterling was still by the door, averting his eyes as my mother headed for the hall in only a slip. She said in a low, frantic voice, “Let me wash up, first, please… Put some tea on.”
At the master bedroom, she closed the door on us. And as desperate as I was, I wouldn't deny my beautiful, dignified mother the chance to be clean. My father waited a moment, then opened the door and followed her inside. I went to the kitchen to start tea.
Sterling joined me in the kitchen.
“Grab the sugar dish off of that shelf?” I asked, nodding behind him. He found it and handed it over, and I put it on the tray I was arranging with the teapot, cups, saucers and some biscuits.
“Let me-,” he said, taking the tray from me, and I let him, following him to the parlor. We sat for a few minutes in silence.
“Whatever is happening,” I finally said, “I'm glad you're here with me.”
“I'm glad I came,” he replied.
I wasn't sure what we were doing, anymore, and the silence was heavier, so I stood and started for the master bedroom, hearing their voices inside but knocking succinctly before I could convince myself to eavesdrop.
My mother slowly opened the door, with her brown hair darkened and stringy from water. Her face was weak as she looked me over. Behind her, my father put a hand on her shoulder.
She said, “It's bad news, Maren. I don't know how well you'll take it.”
“Let's go to the parlor,” my father said, guiding her by me. I followed, though I was beginning to feel the pressing weight of dread on all my organs. My hands were clenching at my sides as I sat beside Sterling in one of the four chairs gathered around the table in the parlor.
My mother hesitated again. My father took her hand and I instinctively did the same, reaching out for Sterling.
“What?” I plead.
“Well our people have heard from- well, probably some of your people, I'd imagine. The news is directly from Berlin… And the news is that three days ago, a coordinated, nationwide revolt began in America. There have been scattered communications with Nazi command in some of the bigger hubs, and Germany remains in control of the capitol.”
“How did our people in the Rocky Mountains synchronize something across the entire nation?” I murmured.
Sterling looked worried, but still thoughtful. “Maybe a combination of contact with British operatives from your organization planted at key locations, and willing soldiers from Marquet and Langdon splitting into cells and infiltrating other areas? Or taking over some kind of national, emergency radio line?”
“I find it hard to imagine British Liberties giving up hold of their undercover operatives -years worth of work- to a scattered group of American civilians.”
“They were in alliance, once.”
“An alliance between dead men.”
He nodded, still thoughtful. Then, “I hope this doesn't paint some kind of target on Marquet.”
“Only if they lose,” I said.
While my father was only watching the two of us and thinking something of his own, my mother added, “The Germans have apparently siphoned troops out of rural areas to send overseas, and they're tightening their grips on big cities.”
“Your people have this information,” I said, “Do they have much for numbers, outside of London?”
“In the cities, yes. But in the country, and smaller towns, where people could actually be moving and fighting back? Hardly any. So it's a question of how well they can spread information when they can't step outside. I've got a factory in a fairly secluded place, but it would be a risk even if we waited until nightfall, and we wouldn't be able to get anything distributed...”
“Mother, this is out of your hands, now.”
She looked unwilling to accept that, but said nothing.
Sterling chimed in, “The people outside the city might take it upon themselves to act.”
“And if they don't,” my father said, “The news might spread enough through the cities that we see rioting, enough to draw more people in.”
“Nightfall should be full of surprises,” I said.
And when nightfall did come, and one moment everything was quiet, and the next there were hails of gunfire in the distance. We all gathered in the parlor, though I first peaked out the window to see if there was anything to see, but there was not.
“I should be out there,” my father said.
My mother said only, “You're half-blind, an old man, and you're my husband. You aren't going anywhere.”
And we sat in silence, with more tea. Outside the shooting got closer, and then it seemed like it was right on the street outside, and then it got further away again. My mother and father were holding hands as it came, and I was holding Sterling's. Absolutely no part of me wanted to go rushing into the fray.
The sound of the shots sent my mind blank and my body into a panic that had me fidgeting in my chair. My parents noticed, and started exchanging glances, talking with their eyes the way only old, married couples could do. I excused myself before anyone could say anything. Went to the bathroom and sagged against the closed door. Tried to compact everything tense in me down into a little knot in my stomach, which then made my hands start trembling when I managed to unclench them.
I splashed water on my face and knew I should go back downstairs, but couldn't bring myself to do it. Then I was sitting down with my back to the sink and hugging my knees to my chest, fully aware that I was dissolving into the cliché of the rocking mental patient, but when you're dissolving you don't really care how outlandish you look.
I pulled myself together and went back down a few minutes later, feeling numb.

*

I must have drifted off, because I woke curled up in my armchair with a blanket over me. Sterling was still beside me, with his tired face resting on one hand. His eyes fluttered open as soon as I stirred, though, and he straightened.
“There haven't been any more sounds from outside for a few hours, now. Your parents went out to investigate.”
I moved to the window and pushed a drawn curtain aside. Snow was dusting around on the wind, and it was dawn. An orange sun had begun to break through the gray clouds overhead. However London found itself that morning, I would still be in the same, sad state. But one of the few things I had left was enough love for my country to hope for the best.
My parents returned before long with news.
Father said, “The fighting is done out there, the last of the German forces fell back around Kensington and Chelsea. They surrendered at four, this morning.”
Mother said, “I've heard we also won Manchester and Birmingham. We're taking back our country!” Beaming, her eyes brimming with tears, she hugged me.
The hug reminded me of a thousand others she had given me; for condolence and congratulations and any number of other reasons. Each one had the same, healing effect. I squeezed her back tightly and understood that no matter how different a person you become, the way you love the ones you love stays just the same, and is the answer.







Chapter Twenty-Eight





I took Sterling out, later that day. The news had come at midday that Hitler was dead. To be out in the streets of London can feel entirely different, from one day to the next. There was a mix of temperaments in people celebrating and selling miscellaneous trinkets of victory, and holiday decorations strung along blocks where there was broken glass and rubble and people cleaning up after the battle. But it was only a few days to Christmas and we managed to find something for everyone in my family. For my father and mother we bought a matching metal toy soldier and pocket flask; they were made from a melted down statue of Hitler that had been in Regent's Park. For my sister and her husband, a matching brooch and letter opener from the same lot. Then we wandered the area and I finally showed Sterling some of my favorite places, but before long got cold and ducked into a pub where we wasted the rest of the day on champagne and darts with my rowdy countrymen.
My favorite, bittersweet part of the day was the walk home, and seeing two women coming the opposite way holding hands. I felt a bit of a pang, but reached out and caught Sterling's fingers in mine as we passed them by and felt a bit better. He looked at me, then quickly away, but left me the use of his hand until we stepped over the threshold into our home.
Inside there were a few bulky suitcases, all a matching, rich, red leather. My sister beamed at me as she came from the kitchen. Her face looked a bit fuller and ruddier than usual, and I wondered if she hadn't just come in out of the cold, until we came together for a hug and I felt a distinct notch in her stomach. I broke the embrace in shock, looking down.
“Surprise, Auntie,” she said.
“Oh my God.” I was taken back but there was surely still a smile on my face. “Congratulations.” I could not imagine my sister responsible for an actual, human life. “Katherine, this is Sterling.”
“Hello, Sterling.” She hugged him. “Happy Independence Day, I'm glad you're with us.”
“Happy Independence Day, Katherine.”
She added, “I feel like I finally know what Americans made so much fuss about. Anyway, dinner is ready. We've been waiting for you.”
“Alright.”
Dinner was fish. Only, when dinner had finished, the conversation had not, and my mother brought out the wine. For another hour we stayed at the dining table and caught up. The highlights were an abridged version of my year in Marquet, my sister's plans for the baby, and Dick's business dealings.
“We might drop by some of your shops, while we're visiting, Meryn,” he finished. “Just us boys?”
My sister's husband hoped to acquire my father's business, and was quite blunt about that wish. My father was not keen on the idea, and was quite blunt as well. But his rebuffs, Dick usually deflected with a lawyer's thick skin.
My father said, “That's not a bad idea, for once, Dick. Sterling-,” Sterling looked up where he was tracing a finger along the rim of his wine glass, “-would you like to see the business, one of these days?”
“Sure.”
“Good. Maybe after Christmas, we'll go for a tour, shops and factories.” His next statement he directed right at Dick. “No courtroom suit, this time.”
“Wouldn't dream of it,” he quipped, though his smile went thinner and sharper a moment later. “Glad you'll be joining us, Sterling… although I'd like to clarify, just for my curiosity's sake, are we now in competition for father-in-law's business?”
He blinked, and I scowled, starting to speak at the same time. “Hardly much of a competition, if it were-!”
“-I'm just glad to be welcome here...”
“Dick,” my sister had put on a stern voice that commanded no one's attention, so it was up to my mother to seize back control of the table.
“My husband,” Kitty declared, “last I checked, was still alive and in good health. So there's no need to elect his successor just yet. And Dick, you should be more polite. I'm sure you've just made Sterling uncomfortable, and he kindly surrendered his bedroom for the duration of your stay, to keep you out of the spider-infested attic.”
“And I'm very grateful… Although, it does raise more questions.”
The table piped up and I sighed aggressively, and Dick went on without being prompted.
“It's just that it's an unusual situation, a daughter bringing a male friend home, to stay. If that's really all there is to the story, it's certainly one I've never heard before. And sharing a bedroom? I wonder, does her father find this entirely appropriate?”
“He does,” my father chimed in, winking at me, and Dick said nothing else.
Sterling was the first to excuse himself, and I went up not long after. Remembering he would be rooming with me, I crept into my room, trying not to wake him. I kept the lights off as I collected a nightgown and changed by the moonlight through the window. I imagined my silhouetted curves might for once tempt him out of being a gentleman, and the idea of him stealing a peek gave me a thrill. Then I went and brushed my teeth before sliding into bed.
Sterling was still awake; he shifted in the dark and said, “Your sister is nice.”
“Isn't she? Wonder she picked the husband she did. He's threatened by you. I'm glad.”
We were only inches apart.
I went on, “She's much nicer than me.” I cut him off before he could offer a rebuttal. “Don't argue, it's true. She's sweet and naive and she never complains. I've never met anyone easier to love. All our lives, everyone always liked her more, because it was easy. And I resented that until I grew up and realized that people who come easy go easy, and that if I am sometimes alone, then the times when I'm not will be filled with true, exceptional affection. This is a prime example. Most people like Katherine more, but you like me more, don't you?”
“Of course.”
“Does that indicate something greater about you?” I asked, parroting the same question he had asked me so long ago, regarding my lack of devotion.
“Maybe.”
“Yes, and now that I've fallen into your opinion, your opinion is the one which matters, do you see?”
“Yes...”
I leaned in and kissed him on the tip of the nose. “I knew you would. We're the same. We've understood that from the day we met. I feel calm around you, where with everyone else I'm defensive.”
“You don't need to be,” he started to say, but I only shook my head and he stopped, letting me speak.
“That's the funny thing. Why you make me feel calm. Because I know that you're good. And if you're still good after what you've done, then maybe I am, too.”
He looked like he had to speak, that time, as he said, “You haven't done anything wrong.”
“Yes, I have. I killed Emmerich Falkenrath. I killed a man, not  because he needed to die, but because I thought he killed you, and I promised myself I would. I killed for you… And for a while, I tried to convince myself that it was alright, because of what he was, but that didn't work, I'm not sure why… There's no answer I could come to that would change anything. Maybe because it's not a riddle, it's a truth. It's not my right or anyone else's to take a life. It's the ultimate sin, and there is no forgiveness for it. So I have to stop looking for it. I just have to keep going, no matter what. And I need you with me.”
“I'm not going anywhere.”
I stroked the handsome outline of his face in the faint light from the window. “I know.” I kissed him, testing the waters, as it were, then slowly pushed myself up, craning my neck to keep my face close, and crawling on top of him.

*

The next morning I woke in someone's arms for the first time in a long time. The night had been good -though I had to keep quiet, which I hated to do. Sterling had said that he loved me. I said it back, of course. I still felt a distant guilt attached to Beatrix, but like my other guilt, it was probably something I would have to learn to carry. And, like my other guilt, I felt optimistic that I could.
We ventured out of bed one at a time. I watched with some amusement as Sterling took his day clothes into the adjoining bathroom to get dressed. I decided that we would have to work on that.
I waited until he was ready and we went downstairs together, to find my father alone at the table with the paper in his hands. He folded it half over, and looked at us. Sterling broke his gaze, but I held it and gave a pleasant smile.
My father said only, “Your mother owes me a fiver.”
I sneered. “Really?”
“She'll be pleasantly surprised.” He went back to reading his paper.
Sterling's cheeks were red as beets.
I poured coffee for us both.
A knocking at the door came that morning, after everyone else had joined us at breakfast. -And my mother had indeed handed over a five-pound note as soon as she came in and I smiled at her. I was already finished and so I went to answer it.
A boy stood outside in the snow, bundled up tight with a vest over top of his coat bearing the logo of a messenger's agency.
“Hello. I've got a special delivery for a-,” he looked at the name, squinted, then labored, “Sterling Stratus? Is that right, is he here?”
“It is, and he is. I can sign for that.”
I signed on the line he pointed to, on an inventory sheet, and he handed me a box. I gave him a tip, and he chimed, “Happy holidays, Miss.”
“Yes, happy holidays.”
I read the tag as I was closing the door and called, “It's for you, Sterling! It's from Andrew!”
I heard my sister ask, “Who?”
And Sterling's low, excited answer: “My son...” He rushed to meet me in the parlor. He took the package and ripped it open, almost fumbling the wooden, latched box which rattled as he turned it back over. A card on top fluttered to the ground, and I snatched it, handing it over but standing on my toes to read it over his shoulder, even as he read it aloud for me.
“Hello Maren and Dad, merry Christmas, how are you settling in? Things are going very well here. The ladies have big plans which you'll probably hear of before you get this letter. I wish them luck, but I'm happy getting back to work. We got a foot of snow last night, and it's still coming down. You left this in the hospital so I thought I would send it. Write back. Best wishes, Andrew...”
I opened the box and my breath left my lungs all at once. Red wood and intricate silver that I knew to be cold without even touching it.
Sterling closed the box and set it aside, sweeping me into a hug. “I'm sorry, Maren. I'll take it and sell it, right now.”
“No,” I said into his neck. “You'll do no such thing. It was your father's gun. I'm fine. Just put it away and let's go back to breakfast.”
“Alright… We should write back to Andrew tonight.”
And strangely, I wondered if the gun had found us again because it bore a curse, or that it and I had some unfinished business. I thought again about the moment in the window seat, realizing I had no interest in the world anymore.
It would be the next day, and Christmas Eve, that I would learn I had been right.
The news came with the morning paper, and found my father first. My mother seconds later when at the table he managed only a weak, “Kitty...”
I looked up from spreading jam on toast. “What is it?”
My sister, her husband, and Sterling were all absent from the table; the latter I had left sleeping. My mother took one look at the paper and then her gaze turned to me. Her eyes turned down at the corners, forming a crease between her brows, told me it was bad news.
When no one answered me, I asked again, “What is it? Dad?” My father was scanning the words printed on that page, and looked up at me with a similar expression.
“I'm sorry, Maren. It appears that last night, German forces launched a sustained, aerial assault on America. Wiped out all the major cities. There's been no contact since.”
My blood ran cold. “No contact at all? Well the lines, the lines would all be down if there were damage to major cities.”
“...It's possible.”
My mother moved around the table and wrapped her arms around me. I absently complied, setting my head on her chest.
“It doesn't make sense,” I said. “The Germans still had plenty of their own over there, even if they were losing. They were sending more troops, last we knew. Why would they send more troops just to bomb them all a few days later?”
“The tide can turn quickly in war,” my father said.
“I know,” I snapped, pressing a hand to my chest. “I need to reach out to my people. They might know more than they've shared with the press.” I pulled away from my mother and stood, crossing to a coat rack in the corner. As I tugged on my raincoat, I stopped.
“What is it?”
“If Sterling comes down before I'm back, don't tell him. Tell him not to worry. I'll be back soon.”
“Be careful, Dear,” my mother said.
The wind outside was biting and snow was coming down hard. I battled it out to the corner, then hailed a taxi, which took me out of our neighborhood, and eventually pulling into Camden where I exited and walked the last few blocks to a building that appeared abandoned from the outside, boarded up and barred over. It looked out of place among thriving businesses and holiday decorations.
When I knocked, a board came away from the window to the side, and eyes peered out at me. Then a heavy latch was shifted and the door swung open. The interior of the building was much nicer, having once been a shop of some kind. Behind a counter outfitted to be command central for the unit, complete with maps and piles of transcripts and coffee, there were more people than you'd find on an average day. Several dozen of my comrades; a few pretty young women who had surely been in communications like me, a few men who had surely been military. The way our organization worked was that you never knew the names of anyone else in your unit; you might occasionally encounter someone else while meeting your handler, or when they were your security on a midnight check-in shift. And you would never know anyone from another unit. Only one person I knew in the dozen. He was the head of our unit, our handler, James Pope, an average man with a grating voice and full beard.
He nodded to me as I entered. “Morning, Agent. Come this way.” He extended a hand, touching my arm to guide me away from the lobby. I had to fight not to flinch.
We stopped in the kitchen area, which was cluttered with odds and ends food, and dirty dishes in the sink.
“I'm pleased to see you, Maren,” James said. “I heard you left Marquet with false papers, and then nothing. I thought maybe you had been caught and killed.”
“No, I just retired,” I said. “What can you tell me about America?”
“There is no more America,” he said, after a bit. “Germans bombed it to oblivion with everything they had. We suppose it was to send a message, but if anything it backfired, because we have word from other organizations who lost people over there. Places who are still under Nazi rule. We were the first to take our country back, and now everyone is flocking to us for assistance. Italy is fractured. Religion is seeing a renewal down there, and they're short on troops. And I hear from other units who have people in the east that Japan has interest in withdrawing from western influence again. Their alliance with the Reich might be breakable, if we leave their territory unmolested. And we have a real chance at turning things around for the first time in decades.”
I was unamused. “And all it cost us was a few million Americans.”
“It's a terrible thing. Try to see the good in it. And there's more, too. People over my head are looking into the organization for leaders, we'll be building a government by the people, for the people, and reestablishing the monarchy.”
“How far out on the family tree will you have to go for your next king?” I asked, a bit mockingly. “It's hardly the same bloodline.”
“True, but we're England again, and England needs a royal family. Some tradition might do us good, right about now.”
“Hm.”
He said, “You were instrumental in all of it, Maren. You'll be looking at accommodations, probably damehood.”
A year ago, or even six months ago, being made a dame would have made me immensely proud. “And all it cost me was a few friends,” I said.
James put a hand on my shoulder. “Give it some time, and you'll see you deserve recognition. And even if you don't, imagine how proud your family would be to see you with a sword on your shoulder. Happy Christmas. I'll be in touch.”
I turned and went out through the main room, stopping short when the first step outside, the cold shocked me. I bundled tighter and started to trudge through ankle-deep snow, looking to the street ahead where cars were passing more frequently.
After a minute, though, a woman's voice called out to me, “Maren!”
I turned. Adrienne Tori was hurrying after me, without a coat on. She had her arms wrapped around herself. I thought the sight of her was otherwise odd, and finally as she reached me I realized that she ought to be dead. I told her so.
“You should be dead.”
“I know.” Her voice was low and her eyes were shifting guiltily.
“Lucky you left when you did,” I said, trying to be a bit kinder.
“No, it wasn't.” I only stared, and she rushed on, glancing around, unsure of herself. “I was going to stay. I had a life built over there, and nothing to come back to, here in London. And besides, I forced the confrontation in Marquet, I started the revolt in America. I was going to see it through to the end...”
“What are you saying?”
“I didn't leave. I was extracted. Along with a hundred other people from our unit alone, you saw a few of them in there who had nowhere else to go. They sent a plane for us the day before the bombing started. The day before that, they had sent orders. I was east in Chicago at the time, but Dana had gone south to San Francisco with a cell from Marquet. They had triggered a revolt along the coastal towns, and they had won. I made contact with Dana. She said that we had control of the bay. There weren't any German aircraft carriers unaccounted for, I'm sure she would have told me if there were.”
“It was us.”
“Yes, I think so.”
“We got our people out, and bombed the rest...” I barely noticed a particularly savage blast of wind and shards of ice pelting my cheek.
“It's brought the rest of Europe together against the Germans again, and stopped the second wave of Nazi troops that were sent into America from retreating back across the ocean. And the worst part? We were winning-.” Her voice broke and she blinked, smoothing her pretty face out to show me nothing. “No, the worst part, the absolute worst thing is that now they want to give us medals. We're considered heroes, to the people who committed genocide.”
“They want to give me a medal,” I said, with my voice very quiet, “I'll let them...”
She looked at me again, and nodded.







Chapter Twenty-Nine





So on the morning of Christmas Eve, I had to tell Sterling that his son and everyone else he had ever known was surely dead. He said nothing while I explained, and said nothing for a long minute afterward. I wondered whether handling sorrow was a learned skill.
Then he said, “He fell down the stairs when he was eight. You can't forget that sound… Andrew falling, Rose screaming. And the dread I felt. I was sure he was dead. And he got away with a few bruises. It turns out that kids are pretty resilient… But I felt like he was on borrowed time every day after that. Then I found out about the Nazis, and for a while I didn't think he'd live to be twenty. It still hasn't prepared me for this at all.”
I went and sat on the arm of his chair, wrapped my arms around him where he was sitting, and set my chin on top of his head, and whispered, “He had almost thirty years because of you. You did the best you could.”
“I should have been there. What kind of father leaves his son to go halfway around the world?”
“If you had stayed you'd be dead. And I would be alone.”
“-Oh, Beatrix. I'm sorry, Maren.”
The sound of her name had fresh pain surging up from my stomach into my chest, crushing me from the inside. I gasped, barely stopping a sob. Tears spilled over. I pressed a hand to the place between my lungs. Sterling put his arms around me, and I crawled into his lap like a cat.
Christmas was not easy. My sister and her husband so happy, accepting last-minute gifts for the baby that we had all managed to scrape together, and my parents bestowing a half-dozen gifts on Sterling and I that we had to be appreciative of even though the world no longer made sense. A collar for the cat, a pair of new shoes each, a real winter coat for me, a thick, hand-knit scarf for Sterling. A pair of season tickets to a local theater.
They liked the trinkets we had gotten for them, and kept plying everyone with cookies, cake and cider until dinner.
The next morning, Sterling's letter to Andrew was returned. No more mail would go to America; it seemed there was no point.
We wandered around the house like ghosts, speaking when we were engaged. When my mother suggested it every day, at the end of the day, like clockwork, we would go for a walk around the block. Being outside in a free England was not the tonic that she expected it to be. It only had me wondering if -given the choice- I would trade England's freedom to have Marquet back. When I voiced that thought to Sterling, he told me very gently that wondering was useless, that the decision had not been mine, would never be mine, and that no matter what I believed I might do, neither answer to a hypothetical, impossible question made me a bad person.
Sterling and Dick went with my father to his shops and factories, and when they returned it was all my father talked about for two days. The workers had liked Sterling and he had suggested that they might improve productivity by making a few changes. He wanted to put Sterling to work managing a factory as soon as the holidays were over. Sterling was eager to go back to work.
When we were alone, Sterling said, “Meryn introduced me all day as your fiancé…”
I only blinked and said, “Aren't you?”
“I guess I am.”
I tried to smile for a second, knowing if it didn't make me happy at that moment, it would make me happy eventually. But then I said, “We might not want to plan anything yet. You might not want to marry me, by Spring.”
He looked puzzled at that, but said nothing.
In the days between Christmas and New Year's, the head of British Liberties revealed herself to the public, and after that she was everywhere you looked. In newspapers, on radio stations, talking about England's future, reforming the English military and what that would mean for the economy. Ellen Constance was a tall, elegant woman of about forty, with brown hair kept short and practical at broad shoulders. I watched her from the crowd at several public appearances, and I knew she came from money. But when she moved among us, shaking hands, I drew back. She did have security, following at a respectful distance, but the citizens got between them easily; she was complacent.
And if she thought she had nothing to fear because the people of England considered her a savior, that only worked to my advantage.
At a pub, among the common people, there was no doubt that she would sweep a general election that British Liberties were ushering in with the new year. The drunkards turned out to be right, and Ellen Constance was elected our new Prime Minister by unanimous vote in the new House of Commons.
Some distant royal was crowned our new king, a man named Roland Barton. I didn't pay it much mind except to note that people thought him a competent, enterprising man.
James Pope sent for me in mid-January, the usual way; by having an 'X' written on the top corner of the morning paper, and I dressed in a black suit before heading over to headquarters. There were only a few people still hanging around. Adrienne Tori was one of them, and she looked out from a room on the second level when I entered, but she said nothing and I didn't linger long on her.
Pope saw her and called, “Come on down, Adrienne.”
He went around the counter and started to pour coffee, offering it to either of us with a simple gesture. I shook my head, and Adrienne did the same as she came to stand beside me.
“Well, Ladies, it's time. You're both to attend a knighting ceremony on the twentieth, if you're not too busy. There'll be about ten other people being knighted alongside you, for their efforts. Afterward there's going to be a meal and some press with Ms. Constance.”
I put on a smile and nodded. “Knighted. Really knighted. Wow.”
“Well, you'll be a dame, not a knight.”
“Oh. Yes, of course.”
Adrienne chimed in, “Isn't that just typical? Everyone's heard of knights, every child wants to be a knight; we save all of England and we get to be dames.”
“Typical,” I agreed.
Pope smiled. “Come here on the twentieth, around six, and we'll drive over together.”
I told my parents about the occasion, which turned out to be a mistake. Should have let them wonder the night of, and let them read my name in the paper the next morning. Instead I had to make excuses for why they couldn't see their daughter receive the nation's highest honor from the young queen herself.
They knew I was lying, and they knew something was wrong as I became more pleasant and smiley as the date approached. The morning of, my mother gave me a big hug before leaving for her own afternoon function, but she said nothing. My father and Sterling were both heading to work, though Sterling would be leaving early in order to escort me for the evening. A part of me didn't want him to be there; didn't want him to finally realize how wicked I was. But another part of me knew that I couldn't do it by myself, and if there was one person least likely to judge me, it was him.
He knew what they had all done. Had suffered just like me.
I thought of a bomb first, as was my tendency to do. But there would be too many people at the event whose guilt could not be ascertained. And as much as I was hardly living, I didn't want to die. And besides, it seemed almost like Sterling's gun had come back for a reason. If I had done it before, I could do it again, I was sure.
Even if I made it out alive, it would do bad things to me, but c'est la vie.
I went through my usual routine, of washing, primping and then dressing in my black dress. Then I laid around drinking coffee and watching snow fall until Sterling turned up.
“I put out your suit for you,” I said.
“Thank you...” He looked like he had something else to say, but then he was bowing his head and trudging up the stairs.
I was worried I was going to lose him, but it couldn't be helped. The choice to commit the murder had been taken from me when the bombs fell on Marquet. So in the end Sterling possessed the only choice; whether or not to go on loving a murderess. That was, of course, if I were still there to love. I couldn't know how the evening would play out.
In matching black, we departed for headquarters. I had the sleek, red and silver gun in my handbag. James Pope and Adrienne Tori were standing together inside when we arrived, with a black car waiting by the curb.
He stepped up to me and shook my hand, saying, “Glad you made it, you look lovely, Maren.”
I did. I had donned red lipstick for the first time in weeks.
“And you must be Sterling, welcome. I'm James.”
Sterling shook his hand but he clearly looked lost.
Pope added, “James Pope. Maren's unit chief.”
“She hasn't mentioned you,” Sterling said, apologetic without really apologizing for me, which I would have resented.
Adrienne hadn't brought anyone, and I realized she must truly have no one. She had a small smile for me, but looked sad when it faded. It was probable that she knew what I had planned.
The ceremony was being held in a grand hotel ballroom. Press not only waited outside the building, but lined the hallways as well as we went in. The colors were red and gold, and the architecture of the room itself was stunning.
A crowd in the center milling over the sounds of a string quartet. Tables and chairs to either side. A stage, front and center, stretching the length of the cavernous hall lit too brightly so that nothing could hide.
I felt like a corpse ready for autopsy, and that room was the mortician's table. Brain: sizable, but obvious deformities. Liver somewhat damaged. Heart: covered in heel prints and still beating as someone finally prised it from my chest and squeezed it in a death grip.
And, terrifyingly, I felt more like myself than I had in weeks, even months.
There were obvious security all along the perimeter, and I realized I wouldn't make it out, after the deed was done. That made me sad for Sterling, who would be left alone, with only my family, in a country that wasn't his own. Because his own country and his own family were gone. That was what made the guilt resurface; not the act but the consequences.
For half an hour people were socializing, and Sterling and I stayed off to the side. I had a drink. Adrienne wasn't ever very far, though she did a better job of pretending than I did. At one point, she brought me a glass of champagne and spoke softly.
“Mr. Stratus, how are you finding London?”
“Just fine, thank you, Ms. Tori.”
“I'm sorry for your loss. Your son was a good man. Though I am glad that someone made it.”
“Thank you...”
She asked, “Is he informed, Maren?”
“Yes.”
“I just heard -you'll never believe- two of the people who are to be knighted this evening are other women from postings in America, who each somehow performed exceptionally; one man who bore a significant rank in the German military; and eight pilots.”
“Pilots,” I tested the word.
Sterling looked between us.
She went on, “Eight enterprising, private pilots. Patriotic English boys and girls, or at least the few I managed to track down were...”
“They're honoring us at the same time as the ones who dropped the bombs.”
“Adding salt to the wound,” she said, “and they still don't even realize. And have you heard? Good news from the front. Paris is taken. The rest of western Europe sure to follow, sans Italy...”
“The death of America, the gift that keeps on giving.”
“And I'll bet you'll see some kind of United Nations reform, the punchline being that nobody is their own country anymore, and everything is governed by-.” She gestured around.
Something was off about the way she phrased it, but I wouldn't understand what until much later. I said, “Your cynicism is understandable, but isn't it unrealistic to assume that anyone would overthrow one dictator only to willingly submit to another?”
“Not in this world. In this world, I've come to realize, if a situation can be taken advantage of, it will be. The same way that a system of government will always become corrupt under the management of those spawned by our current society.”
“I can't dispute, though I might not be ready to buy in just yet.”
She had a little smile. “So prove me wrong. Become a politician. You'd have a fair shot, after tonight. Dame Maren Abernathy, pride of England.”
“I'd vote for you,” Sterling said.
“You're biased.”
“True.”
I glanced around. “When is it going to start?”
“Soon,” Adrienne said. “Take a drink. Calm your nerves.”
I sipped my champagne.
Before anything, it was asked that the honorees gather for photographs, and all thirteen of us were seated in three rows of four, four, and five. Adrienne and I were in the front, along with the two other women on the other side of a man in the center. We put on smiles and I thought I did well, and so did Adrienne, but she was the first to stand and hurry out of the crowd as soon as the flashes stopped.
Eventually, an announcement was made that the ceremony would soon begin, and that guests should take their seats. James Pope found the two of us, and started to usher us toward the front of the room, and the stage. I passed my bag off to Sterling, and went where he directed, staying near Adrienne. Eleven other people were lined up on the stage, and most of them were beaming. A few women in sophisticated evening gowns and a handful of men in tuxedos. I ended up second-to-last in line, with Adrienne on the very end.
The young queen -a lovely, blonde creature whose name was Lucille- was to perform the knighting. She was given a slender sword with a sapphire set into the pommel, which matched the blue gown she wore. And one at a time, with the room perfectly silent and still beyond the foot of the stage, the people in line would approach her and kneel on the stand before her. While the others were enthralled with the ceremony, I found Ellen Constance at the front table and watched her closely.
Finally it came to my turn at the center of the stage, and I walked over on shaky legs. I knelt on a cushioned platform and instinctively bowed my head.
The queen standing over me like an angel lowered the sword onto one shoulder, then the other, then handed it off to one waiting servant and took a medallion that another held, strung on a blue ribbon, and lowered it over my head. She was speaking, but the only words that I really heard were, “Dame Grand Cross of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire.”
Then I knew it was time to stand, and move away, and I did exactly that, running curious fingers over the metal cross.
It all seemed like a bit dreamlike, all subdued, but after a few moments the feeling faded, and Adrienne was kneeling where I had knelt, looking straight ahead, her face emotionless. The queen tapped her shoulders with the sword, then settled the medal around her neck.
Then she stood, and one hand slid under her jacket, and Adrienne, instead of moving to join me and the others along the other end of the stage, was stepping around the queen. She took two steps and leveraged a little gun through the air, aimed straight at Ellen Constance at the first table, and fired twice just as a woman's scream split the air. People froze, mid-applause.
Adrienne was shot by at least three different members of the security. Her body crumbled like a rag doll, but I was left with the image of her standing resolute with the gun in her hand like it was an extension of her and as light as a feather. It took a moment for me to stumble a step forward, meaning to run to her, but there was a man in my way. I dove around him. By then Sterling had made the stage and though he was stopped by more security as the crowd below descended into chaos, his voice split through it all and stopped me in my tracks.
“Maren!”
I looked at him and then back at Adrienne, who was spilling blood all around her body and her gaze fixed up at the ceiling.
Why, why, why?
She knew what I was planning to do.
She had no one who would miss her.
She had as much reason as I did.
I knew I couldn't waste her sacrifice by aligning myself with her, rushing over to her aid and putting an even bigger target on my back. So it was one, two, three steps back, and then I turned and headed for the stairs, shoving my way between two burly men holding people back who were crowding the stage. I threw my arms around Sterling and he did the same.
Ellen Constance was being rushed away for a hospital.
Adrienne was being left behind.
Press had broken into the hall and were shoving past the crowd who had initially burst toward the doors. I buried my face in Sterling's chest because -to my surprise- there were tears and a choked sob swelling up in me once again. And I had been sure I had none of it, or anything, left.

	





Chapter Thirty





After maybe two hours they began to release people from the hall. Adrienne's body was covered up but still lying on the stage when last I looked back at it, squeezing through the double doors with dozens of other people. I thought as the cold caught me about the more mundane elements of the assassination; someone or maybe multiple someones would lose their positions on the Prime Minister's security team; the state would be left with Adrienne's burial costs, since she had no one else. And least significant, in the grand scheme of things, probably I would get to keep Sterling in my life.
You're not supposed to want someone who wouldn't stay regardless, but of course people did every day; and I knew I would always want him; I knew I didn't have it in me to love anybody else but him. And probably he didn't have it in him to love anyone else, either, so I would rather he had me circumstantially than have no one at all.
I clung to his arm the whole way home, in the back of a taxi.
When we pulled up outside the brownstone, the door flung open only seconds later, and my mother was rushing down the steps to meet us.
“I thought it was you!” she pulled me into a crushing hug. “We were so worried. It all made sense when we heard-.”
“Kitty,” my father said sharply, standing in the doorway. “Be quiet. Everyone get inside, now.”
My father did not usually presume to make demands of my mother, but he held the door and we all went in out of the cold.
He asked, once he had closed the door behind us, “Who was the assassin?”
“Adrienne Tori,” I said. “We were in the Mountains together.”
“Have you seen her since then?”
“We were knighted together, tonight.”
“And before that?”
I blinked. “What does it matter? She's dead now.”
My father reached out to put a hand on my shoulder. “You haven't been yourself, lately. If this is going to come back to you, then I know you had your reasons, but I need to be aware of the situation.”
“It's okay, Dad,” I said.
He hugged me. “I was so worried about you.”
“Well, don't worry anymore. I want to go to bed.”
“Alright.” He let go, reluctantly.
I trudged up the stairs, shedding my coat and shoes on the landing before turning into our room. Sterling followed, and collected the shoes together, tucking them into the closet as I was rustling around my top drawer for a nightgown.
“Are you done with this?” he asked, and his voice was very small.
“Yes.”
I thought he meant the business of murder in general. I hadn't realized that he was still carrying my bag, and was taking his pistol out to tuck it away in a locked box on the shoe rack in the closet. Nightgown in hand, I watched him, then crossed the room and spun on my toes, sweeping blonde hair out of the way.
“Unzip me?”
His fingers were still slow and reverent of my body.
“It should have been me,” I said, and the tip of his thumb riding along the top of the zipper traced down my spine, ending finally at the small of my back. “I could have done it better, I might have waited until the press section of the night, when there would have been fewer people around, or maybe one-on-one interviews… I might have gotten away with it. Would you have stayed, if it had been me?”
“Of course,” he said, without hesitation. “Of course, I would have.”
We still weren't facing each other, or looking at each other. My throat locked up. My eyes were prickling again, the damn things. “Not because- not because you had nowhere else to go?” The words fell out in a tumble.
“No.” His arms went around me and his lips were at my ear, whispering, “Because I love you, and can't be without you.”
I was crying, and I knew it was high past time for a good breakdown, so I sniffled and nodded, breaking away from him to change into my nightgown. I went and crawled into bed, and Sterling followed not long after. And I cried until I slept, with my heart aching the whole time, good and bad in waves.

*

I slept half the day away, I realized when my eyes drifted open once and for all. There were voices in the parlor downstairs, nothing I could make out. I was alone in the bed, and for a second I thought that Sterling was heading out the door and my father trying to stop him; those were two men’s voices and the door closing.
That alone spurred me out of the room and onto the landing, leaning over the railing to peer down the narrow gap between the stairs and the far wall. I could see the front door there, and the place where the hard floor turned to the carpet of the parlor, but I couldn't see the people speaking.
My father said, “She's fine, thank you.”
“I'd like to speak with her myself.” The scratchy voice of James Pope, and he sounded particularly annoyed.
“Well that's unfortunate,” my mother cut in, “because you won't be seeing her. She's resting.”
“Please go and wake her, then. There are some things I need to clarify with her. Last night put me in a very unfortunate place.”
“You're looking for someone to blame for a madwoman shooting the prime minister,” she hissed. “It's not going to be my daughter. And I'll see you out of my house, now.”
My father was already stepping into my line of sight, and opening the door. A gust of wind blew snow inside, and James Pope slowly made his way outside.
When he closed the door, my father looked up at me, and put on a smile. “Good morning. Did you sleep alright?”
“Not so well, actually.”
I descended, and my mother moved to stand by her husband. “Good morning.”
“Good morning,” I said. “Sterling?”
They stole glances at two separate instances in time. It was my father who answered, “Must be out somewhere...”
“Not at the factory?”
“Told him we were taking the day off...”
“I wonder if he's coming back,” I said, even as I was starting for the kitchen.
My mom added, “Coffee's on...”
“Thank you.”
The kitchen was brightly, naturally lit, and the cream colored palette was soothing, as was the cream that I poured into my coffee, sending it into swirls of dark and light, knowing it grew sweeter and cooler and was waiting for me; I focused on the light tones and the taste, and let myself lull into a false kind of calm.
I was on my second cup, and realized I had been swaying a bit in place when the front door opened. My eyes opened, my cup clattered onto the counter and sloshed some coffee over the rim as I bolted.
Sterling had come back, and my calm had flown.
I threw my arms around him.
“Good morning,” he said. “Sleep well?”
“Not very,” I said. “Where did you go?”
“I managed to make some funeral arrangements for Adrienne Tori. -Anonymously. Not much, but she will have a plot and a plaque.”
I hugged him again and didn't let go. “It will probably end up defaced.”
“I'll have a fence put up.”
“It'll still end up defaced.”
“When it does, we'll replace it.” Sterling kissed my temple and gave me a squeeze. “So far as I'm concerned, she is the reason you're here with me, now.”
Instead of swallowing down the sadness that swelled up, I tried to breathe through it. “Thank you. Thank you for being such a good man. I'd be lost without you.”
“Me too.”
“Let's get married. Not right now, but in the spring?”
“Okay.”
“Okay,” I breathed. “I'll be better, then.”
“It's okay if you're not.”
After that, I began working a few days a week, keeping the books at one of my father's factories; the one that Sterling was managing. Most couples would get tired of seeing each other, but we didn't. It got me out of the house, put spending money in my pocket again, and helped me clear my mind for a while.
James Pope made another visit to our home, looking for me. I met him at the door, but didn't invite him in. I told him that what happened with Adrienne was a horrible tragedy that should have been prevented, that I was sorry for his bad fortune, but that I had nothing else to say to him, and wanted nothing more to do with the organization. I told him to have a nice day and went back inside, ignoring his glare.
Sterling and I married in the spring, and our son was born the next summer.
Sterling had been anxious, when I first told him, but once he could feel the baby kicking, he warmed to the idea. And once Russell was born, things only got better. He was a wonderful father, and I took to motherhood with plenty of grace, too. Some days I still got sad and wanted to be alone, but when that happened, Sterling was happy to take over and Russell didn't know to mind, as long as he was still nursed and cuddled sporadically, which I managed.
My sister and her husband visited at least once a month, and our sons played together, when they got big enough.
Little by little, things kept getting better, until there was more good than bad and I didn't have to worry anymore about waking up one morning to find that my mind had gone off somewhere. But once you've been there, you always remember it, and it's always looming in the foreground, too.
I feared my son might someday have to live through the same sorts of things I had. I feared that it was in the nature of humanity to scratch itself raw.
And even though I had managed to be kinder to myself, and accepted that outside forces sometimes acted on the insides of a person, and even though I promised myself that I would stop looking for a justification I wouldn't find, my mind wandered there, some days.
I don't know which thought is worse; that I had become something sub-human, and might as well have been a Nazi, or that I was still human, and so were they. If we're being honest, it doesn't really matter, though.


The end.

