
THE TWO BEARS
CONSPIRACY

By Rod Fisher



Sweet Bee Press
Copyright © 2019 Rod Fisher

CHAPTER 1
The Evasive Houri
Count Alvaro chased the bewitching temptress up the dark stone stairway; she ran swiftly a few steps ahead of him and through a massive iron-studded door. He followed, finding himself in a large room. There were no windows. Long tapestries hung on the walls. The heavy door banged shut behind him with a resounding thud. Alvaro looked around and realized his teasing beauty had disappeared. 
A candelabra, on a table in the center of the room, cast a circle of light on a place-setting for one. A shadowed servant, mute and expectant, stood by. Alvaro frowned and became suspicious; he walked deliberately to the door. It was locked. He had fallen into a trap.
“Damn that little vixen!” he cursed aloud. Then, blaming himself, “What an idiot I am! Stupid...foolish, to be tricked into chasing her.” He knew now he was a political pawn—a prisoner--at the mercy of the Francobites. 
The young Count Alvaro was the son and heir of the Duke of Mondraga. He knew he would be a prisoner until the Duke conceded to some rebel demand, or perhaps a ransom. But the young count could never have predicted his fate would become entangled with a web of intrigue, centered around two toy bears.
* * *
In Monterre it was the first day of May, 1795, a day feted by an annual celebration called the Carnavalle, a full day and night of unrestrained festivities. Count Alvaro, only twenty years of age, had come to the Carnavalle ball in the company of old Baron Bendriani. He was determined to enjoy himself incognito. His own dreary country held nothing to compare with the gala events of Monterre’s Carnavalle.
Earlier, before he was lured into a trap, the young Count and his companion had joined the jubilant revelers in the Marquessa’s palace. 
The elegant ball room sparkled with the blaze of candles, flickering in chandeliers. The orchestra was uniformed in courtly elegance. The violinists sawed their bows across the strings in carefully synchronized precision. The soaring melodies sweetly dominated the room and inspired the costumed dancers. 
Around the gleaming tiled floor, in the elegant tier boxes, the shyer participants fueled their courage with flutes of sparkling wine, seeking the boldness to participate.  
“Won't you join me on the floor, handsome jester? I think I know who you are, hiding behind that black mask.” A shapely young lady, dressed as an Arabian houri, whispered the sultry invitation. She placed one slim hand on the rim of the tier-box where two jesters were partially hidden by the half-drawn curtains. The multi-colored veils and jeweled mask could not hide her beauty or the twinkle of her black eyes. 
The young Count, dressed as a harlequin in black and white, bent forward, admiring the mystery of the slim body, so beguiling in colorful veils. “You say you know me. Then why don’t you join us?” he invited. “Come… join us for champagne here in our box? Perhaps I might know you, as well.” He was fascinated by the soft voice and inviting eyes, but she slid sideways out of sight. The orchestra struck up a Strauss waltz, a new dance craze, popular in the courts of Europe. He looked in vain to find her graceful figure in the kaleidoscope of dancers circling the floor.
“I wonder why she ran off so fast,” he said, turning to the Baron. “Why did she bothered to speak to me, then disappear? I’m sure she’s a real beauty beneath that disguise.” He pursed his lips in disappointment. “She’s a mystery...fascinating! Why did she speak to me, if she didn’t want to join us for a bit of the bubbly?”
His shorter rotund companion, Baron Bendriani, whose jester costume was stretched to the limit over a paunchy midriff, said, “Oh, it’s to be expected, my Lord. These Monterre lasses are mostly brazen coquettes. Since you are half hidden by that curtain, she probably found that to be somewhat tantalizing. Why I remember once...when I was a young man like you...”
Alvaro ignored the other’s reminiscences and continued scanning the dancers. There were other veiled figures passing by, but he did not see his houri.
“Why do you look for me on the dance floor when I am so near,” whispered a voice, from the adjoining box.
He turned sharply to catch hold of a dainty hand that had crept around the column separating them.
“Ah...but you tease,” he whispered; “please join us.”
“You must catch me,” replied the voice, “if you can jump into my tier-box.”
“Ah...but I can’t do that without letting go of this lovely hand, and a hand, in a hand, is worth two hands in the...” he stumbled, trying to say something clever.
She giggled. “But it’s a risk you’ll have to take.” 
“Please Lord, stay here,” whispered the Baron. “You are here in Monterre incognito. You are my responsibility. I must not let your true identity be discovered!”
The disguised Count placed his free hand on his consort’s shoulder and gave it a little squeeze. He leaned closer and held his voice low. “My dear Baron, don’t worry. There is no reason why, for just this one evening, a Count of Mondraga cannot enjoy a little dalliance.” Before his companion could object further, he scrambled over the ledge and into the adjoining box, bent on joining his mysterious bright-eyed houri.
As soon as he landed there, the hallway door slammed, telling him the houri was taunting him to follow. The lure of a romantic liaison quickened his pursuit. The hallway behind the tier-boxes was quite empty, but in the direction leading to the foyer, he saw a swiftly disappearing figure. He sprinted in pursuit.
The foyer was a colorful scene of milling confusion. Masked ladies were walking arm in arm with beribboned potentates. Warlocks and troubadours mingled with milkmaids and two-legged dragons. The Count ignored the merry hubbub around him and pushed ahead, through the costumed crowd towards the entrance. He saw some colorful veils floating through the open doors.
The lithesome houri ran down the stone steps, ignoring the two or three masked idlers who spoke to her. She reached the street and hesitated, looking back to make sure he was still following. That second gave the young Count time to sprint down the steps and catch up to her. He grabbed her by a veil just as she climbed through the open door of a carriage. The veil came loose and wrapped around his neck like a scarf. Not discouraged, he jumped in after her. Grinning victoriously, he sat down facing her, unaware he was being kidnapped. The footman slammed the door shut, and the coachman, without waiting for any directions, whipped his team and drove off rapidly, scattering street revelers from his path.

CHAPTER 2
The Femme Fatale
The coach’s hasty departure was followed by a few shouted curses from those who leapt aside to avoid being caught beneath its wheels. Otherwise, it was just an insignificant event, dwarfed by the colorful celebration that continued in the streets.
However, one figure followed the coach’s progress with interest until it was out of sight. He wore a hooded brown cape with only a black velvet eye mask. After the carriage disappeared he threw back his hood and took off his mask to rub the bridge of his nose. He visibly started as a soft, caressing voice addressed him from behind.
“Why so glum, Master Bernardo? Has your true love eloped with a hated rival?”
The young man pulled himself around to face the mature beauty who had called him by name. “Contessa d'Forte!” he said, evidently not pleased by her sudden appearance.
“Herself!” she replied, laughing. “And why so surprised? Didn’t you expect me to be part of the evening’s events?”
“Err…yes…of course,” he stuttered, “but alone...no escort?”
“Not alone, no. Not since you are here to protect me and come to my rescue...to save me if I were bothered by some rude masquer.”
“Allow me to help by summoning your carriage for you.” 
“Oh, please,” she pouted, “you are not being very gallant.”
“I was politely trying to help.” 
“But what should I think of a young man who, meeting a lady at the Carnavalle ball, offers immediately to order her carriage?”
“Oh, I would think it was an awful sin," he confessed. "Especially if that lady happens to be the Contessa Anya d'Forte.” 
She looked at him with one skeptical eyebrow cocked, then heaved an impatient sigh. “Well, call my carriage, Bernardo; you apparently have more pressing plans this evening.”
“The Ambassador...” he began clumsily.
“Ah! Of Course. The Ambassador…always the Ambassador when I try to get us better acquainted. But does His Lordship require your attention at this late hour?” She was miffed at his lack of interest in her.
“He is leaving Monterre tomorrow and there are still many official documents and letters to answer. Ah…I shall probably be very busy writing...probably most of the night.”
While Bernardo gave directions to one of the grooms to call her carriage, she resumed the conversation in a more matter-of-fact tone.
“So His Lordship will take a holiday; and you, my dear Bernardo, surely you have also earned a few days of vacation.”
“The Ambassador has given me two weeks off, while he is gone.”
“And after that?”
“We meet at Mondraga, where he has an important memorial to submit to the Duke. And you, Anya, will you be returning to Mondraga soon?”
“Yes, in fact I shall probably be there before you and the Ambassador even arrive. Perhaps we shall run into each other there. Ah, but here is my carriage. I’ll say good-bye.” She squeezed his hand and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. “Good-night, dear Bernardo,” she said softly. 
He helped her into her carriage and offered a small wave as it drove off. She returned his gesture with an intimate smile and a wink.
As the carriage carried her homeward she considered the scene behind her. Something wasn’t right. “That jester, dressed in black and white, getting into the carriage…that has to be…yes, it has to be him,” she thought. Her carriage slowed and stopped under the porte-cochere of one of the elegant houses of Monterre.
“Send Alfredo to me at once,” she said to the footmen as she stepped down out of the carriage. Once inside, the Contessa seemed agitated. She paced up and down before her satin-covered sofa; plopping down, she picked up a decanter and poured a glass of wine. She felt sure she was the only person in the city, with the exception of old Baron Bendriani and the Count’s valet, who would know that under the disguise of that black and white jester costume was the heir to the Mondragan Duchy--Count Alvaro. She had seen him chase after the young lady in the houri veils and leave with her in her carriage--a very rash action for a member of that ruling family. She felt convinced the carriage had been planted there, ready and waiting. She noted too, it had driven off without any directions given to the coachman.
A rap on the door interrupted her thoughts.
“Come in,” she called.
A man entered, a burly hook-nosed Mondragan with eyes deeply sunk between heavy lids. He shuffled in and stood blinking respectfully inside the door.
 “Alfredo,” she said, “listen to me, carefully. Something very mysterious has happened at the Carnavalle tonight, and there is something you must do at once. Count Alvaro went to the Carnavalle ball disguised as a harlequin, a black and white jester...Yes! He was in Monterre... Incognito... No one knew it... The whole thing was foolish and I am beginning to fear there is foul play at work. He was decoyed from the ballroom by a girl dressed as an Arabian houri.” She paused and refilled her wine glass. “The young fool followed her; a carriage was waiting for them and he jumped in. Then it drove off toward the old part of town. You must find out, for me, when the Count returns to his hostelry." She hesitated to make sure Alfredo was following along. "If he does not return by morning, I want to know what that old fool Bendriani is doing to locate him. You must dog the old man's movements, and keep me informed of his actions.”
Alfredo nodded silently, attentive to her instructions.
“I want you to get what scraps of information you can, relating to the houri and jester. Perhaps talk to the carriage driver that carried them off. I leave for Mondraga tomorrow at midnight; I need to know what you have discovered early tomorrow evening.”
She dismissed him, and once more alone, sat sipping her wine and thinking over the occurrences of the evening.
“And then, Bernardo...what a handsome young Adonis you are...but perhaps you are up to some mischief. On the street you seemed ill at ease and anxious to get rid of me!” Anya sighed and rang for her maid, putting an end to a chimerical romantic fantasy starring the young man in her satin covered bed.

CHAPTER 3
The Committee
After Bernardo said his goodbyes to the Contessa, he replaced his mask and went up to the palace entrance to join another man, who, like himself, was clad in a brown cloak. The man stood isolated from the other revelers crowding the open doors to the foyer. Together they began sauntering off, walking in silence for some time, making their way through the crowd.
On the city streets, laughing groups of costumed young people danced, sang and intertwined, making progress difficult. But the two companions seemed in no great hurry; when repartee was expected from them, they exchanged jests, and they mixed with the revelers where it was impossible to avoid them.
The shops on either side were decorated with many colored lanterns. From the balconies, festooned with flowers and flowing ribbons, groups of onlookers gazed down on the animated scenes. From open windows, lively music mingled with the noisy street sounds. 
Presently they turned into a side street and left the merriment behind. Now the streets were completely dark and deserted, except for a few stragglers.
They came to a dreary courtyard and crossed to an aging wooden staircase. A hanging lamp flickered in the light breeze and threw moving shadows on the steps. Having reached the second flight, Bernardo faced a door and gave a peculiar rhythmic knock.
A muffled voice responded from inside: “Is that you, Marco?”
“No, it’s me...Bernardo. Marco’s with me; let us in.”
They were let into a dim smoke-filled room filled with about a dozen men of all ages. Judging from their clothes, they came from mixed social positions. Some of them wore rough working jackets and clumsy boots, and some wore beautiful dress-clothes and white linen.
“What news?” asked half a dozen voices, as the new arrivals threw off their cloaks and shook hands with those nearest.
“The best,” answered Bernardo.
“The Duke’s whelp...where is he?” asked a voice.
“In Vito's carriage with Marta. He will be Vito's prisoner at the old North Tower.”
The questions and answers followed each other in rapid succession.
“I see all the rest of the committee is present. You will know more when Vito arrives. He will be here soon, after the Count is safe under lock and key,” Marco said.
“Then, the Count...he is in our power?”
“Absolutely. The young fool fell into the trap, without a shadow of suspicion.”
“Did Baron Bendriani attempt to follow him?
“No, he was still in the ballroom. Probably asleep.”
There was a pause; evidently much had to be seriously considered. During the next few minutes not a sound disturbed the room except the crackling of burning logs in the old fireplace. Then small arguments and discussions involved all those present.
Soon a heavy tread was heard in the hallway outside, the same rhythmical knock on the door, and a gruff voice said: “Vito.”
Marco unlocked the door and a broad-chested man with long grey hair thrown back from a massive forehead entered. The intensity of his demeanor cut through the small talk in the room, scattering fragments of conversation aside. There was silence. He waited a few moments before speaking: “All done. All safe.”
“And the prisoner?”
“Locked in the tower; no windows, only a skylight. No possibility of escape.”
“And Marta?”
“Did her part as ordered; the puppy Count suspected nothing until it was too late.”
“Did he...ah, speak?”
“Only to curse himself as a fool, which was accurate.” Vito’s eyes sparkled under his bushy eyebrows and he smirked at his own humor.
“And the deaf-mute servant, was he there to receive him?”
“Yes, and he fed him some mutton pie.”
“What about the old Baron...what's his name...Bendriani?” asked a voice from further back in the room.
“He's probably still waiting there in his box, the old fart.”
“Don’t forget, Vito,” Bernardo reminded, “you have promised us that the Count will be treated civilly.”
“Oh, Yes,” said Vito with a snort. “Don’t worry. I hate him. But he won’t be damaged. The deaf-mute will see that he’s comfortable. The food will be edible, if not to his liking. At any rate, better than the slop that Maxim and our other comrades are being fed in the dungeons of Duke Mondraga!”
“They are practically free now,” said a young voice enthusiastically; “we can demand their liberty; the Duke won’t dare refuse.”
“Yes,” added Vito with a sneer, “the young Count will have a close shave right across his jugular vein if the damned Duke refuses to free our friends from his prison...and let them out of the country! Now let us get down to business.”
In the Duchy of Mondraga the rebellious Francobites were plotting to overthrow the Duke and hasten a French takeover. Several of the rebels, including Maxim, one of the charismatic leaders, were arrested as traitors and thrown into the Duke’s dungeons. Here in Monterre, Vito, and his fellow sympathizers, had organized a committee to procure their release.
Vito and Marco pulled their chairs up to the table in the center of the room, where a hanging kerosene lamp with a green shade lit a few loose papers.
“The deed accomplished tonight is only the beginning,” Marco stated. “Now our Francobite brothers in Mondraga, the ones that are still free, must do their share of the work.” He paused, all heads nodded in agreement, then he resumed, “They are not aware of our plan.”
“They need to hear of it at once,” said Bernardo, “and stop any plotting of their own.”
Marco agreed. “At this time, any craziness on their part could only bung things up if they attracted the attention of the Mondragan Guard. Our message to them must include our new roster, showing the growing support here in Monterre for our Francobite cause.”
“And also our demand to the Duke for the release of Maxim and our imprisoned comrades.” Vito declared, pounding the table for emphasis.
“Yes, the ultimatum!” a young voice agreed.
“It will be a breakfast surprise for that old tyrant when he finds the note underneath his cup of morning coffee,” chuckled Vito. 
“I have written a first draft,” said Marco, taking a document from his pocket. “This draft contains the information that the Count is being held in the hands of some persons unknown, and that those persons will continue to hold him as a hostage until certain conditions are met.”
“And those conditions, I presume, would include a complete pardon for Maxim, and all those in prison with him accused of treason...also a free pass to get them out of the country?” asked Bernardo.
“Yes, and Count Alvaro to be set free on the very day they have crossed the frontier,” said Marco.
“What if the old Duke simply sets the Mondragan Secret Service on our track?” queried a new voice.
“The message should also contain a warning,” said Vito, “If the Mondragan agents interfere in any way, they will not even find a dead body.” He looked around, eyes glaring, daring anyone to object.
A quiet pause followed this ominous speech. This was the dark side of this daring plot; the possible murder of a helpless prisoner, a noble, a Count, no less. Yet they all knew it might become inevitable.
“The Duke will never dare refuse,” said Marco, finally breaking the silence, “it will never come to that.”
“They will know the Count's life is in our hands,” said Vito. “They will have to bargain with us. We might demand the freedom of every convict now languishing in Mondraga,” he boasted. “They will realize that the life of Count Alvaro is kaput if they don’t comply.”
“But if they comply in good faith, we will do likewise,” added Marco. “When Maxim and all the others cross the frontier, free again; that’s the day the Count will be released.”
The draft was revised to include the additions and the new copy was circulated for each person’s approval. When all had agreed, a final copy was prepared.
“There is one person the committee has not considered,” said Bernardo, “and that is Baron Bendriani.”
“I have not the slightest doubt,” said Marco, “that Bendriani’s first feeling will be one of intense terror, when he realizes that the Count has really disappeared. As the young man’s cohort, he will be blamed for the disappearance and the Duke will not be merciful. I think there’s a chance that Baron Bendriani will not communicate with Mondraga for the first few days. He will keep silent, trying to obtain some clue as to the Count's whereabouts. I think we may safely presume that our messenger will have a few days to seek out one of our Francobite comrades and see that he gets our ultimatum in the Duke’s hands.”
Bernardo spoke up: “But there is one other person whom the Baron may choose for a confidant. That person also has an army of allies of every rank in Monterre. You all know who I mean--the lady who barters information to the highest bidders--Contessa Anya d'Forte.”
They all knew her by reputation, the beautiful femme fatale. All those in high office suspected and feared her influence in political and social circles; yet no one ever accused her of being a spy.
“I spoke to the Contessa at the Carnavalle ball tonight,” Bernardo continued “And it is just possible that she may be having some suspicions. When I met her, it was just after Marta had driven off in the carriage, and I know she saw the jester getting into it. She may have known it was the Count.”
“Anyhow, my friends,”  Marco concluded, “I don't think we gain anything by worrying about what Baron Bendriani and Contessa d'Forte may or may not do.” He took up the papers lying on the table with a certain amount of solemnity, “These, we will entrust to Bernardo for safe delivery. I hate to risk so much written matter, possibly compromising us all, to be taken across the border, but unfortunately it has to be done.”
He produced a fat bag of florins. “And this is the money we’ve collected to get our comrades started once they’re free of the Duke’s persecution and out of Mondraga.”
All eyes now turned towards Bernardo as he received the money and papers. Descended from an old and respected family, Bernardo was now the private secretary to the Mondragan Ambassador in Monterre. But the patriotic blood within him could not rest peacefully while his country withered under the despotic rule of the Duke of Mondraga. The spirit of independence and freedom, inherited from his father, had thrown him into cahoots with this scheming group of Francobites, and he was ready to risk his position and his life for their plan to overthrow the tyrant.
Because he was in the mainstream of diplomatic and social life, Bernardo was a priceless ally to these plotters. They needed someone who could mix in with the society they wished to annihilate. It was Bernardo who found out for his comrades that the Duke’s son was in Monterre, attended only by the elderly Baron Bendriani, and a confidential valet. It was he who found the Count was arriving incognito under an assumed name and would stay to enjoy the Carnavalle.
 Bernardo now leaned across the table. ”I will deliver the ultimatum and the roster papers, safely to our allies in Mondraga.” He stated it boldly, trying to squelch the foreboding in his heart.
“When can you start?” asked Vito.
“In about two days.” 
“Too late! Can’t you go before that?”
“Impossible! The Ambassador leaves Monterre the day after tomorrow. I shall be forced to remain longer to finish his correspondence; then I’ll be free and can leave immediately.”
“Let Bernardo do as he thinks best,” said Marco; “not one of us could cross the frontier as safely as he can.”
“So far I have never been suspected,” Bernardo reassured them. “The guards on the frontier did seize and search all my papers once. That was after Maxim's arrest, when every Mondragan was under scrutiny. Fortunately, I was not carrying anything compromising.”
“And this time?” asked an anxious voice.
“I shall take the precaution of wrapping our papers in an envelope stamped with the Ambassador’s seal. My position is well known, and the papers will be safe enough.” A general murmur of approval confirmed his decision. “What do the rest of you propose to do in the meantime?”
“There is very little we can do,” said Marco. “Some of us will watch Baron Bendriani; others, the Contessa. If there is the slightest suspicion of them moving in the matter and calling in Secret Service aid, we will see that they get the same warning as the Duke concerning the Count's life.”
There was a general murmur of agreement and the discussion was closed. Bernardo was the first to rise. “I must leave you all now,” he said. “We will meet again when Maxim and our comrades are out of prison and free to join us in the overthrow of the tyrant, the Duke of Mondraga!” He raised his left fist and cried, “For Liberty.”
“For Liberty!” They all shouted, fists raised.
Ten minutes later these men, who had organized one of the most audacious plots in the annals of secret societies, were mixing gaily with the Carnavalle throng and seemingly forgetting there were such things as noble hostages and secret missions. 
CHAPTER 4
Kidnapped
 Count Alvaro had fallen into their trap, naive and unsuspecting, a victim of his hormones. He had jumped into the carriage after the beautiful houri, anticipating the pleasure promised by those bright eyes and provoking moves. In the short journey between the palace and Vito’s tower, Alvaro had succeeded in dislodging her jeweled velvet mask, finding the hidden charms equally as enchanting as those revealed. As the heavy door was shut behind him with a reverberating crash, Count Alvaro, looked around and realized his teasing houri had disappeared. A door at the opposite end of the room was open. Alvaro hurried through it and found a small bedroom. She was not there. It seemed to have no other exit but the door where he stood. Somewhat baffled by his situation, he wondered where that bewitching houri had gone, and he pondered as to whether he should continue playing her cat and mouse game, or calmly wait for her return.
The servant still stood; ready to pour the wine. After a while his stoic impassiveness grated on the young Count's nerves. He was impatient for the houri to appear. Then it occurred to him that the table was set for only one--one mutton pie and a cheap red wine. And the dingy bedroom adjoining was certainly not a lady's room.
He pointed an accusing finger at the servant. “You! What’s the game here? Why am I locked in?” he demanded.
The servant tugged at his forelock and pointed to his own ears and mouth, indicating he was deaf and dumb. Then he presented a letter to the Count.
He tore it open and had only to read a few words to tell him what he already knew: he had been kidnapped. He looked right and left and paced the room like a caged tiger. After some muttering and cursing and glaring at the deaf mute, he calmed down. He reasoned that Baron Bendriani would pay a ransom or have the Mondragan Secret Service rescue him. 
As for Baron Bendriani, still at the ballroom, his position was worse than the Count. To allow the Duke’s son, for whom he was responsible, to slip through his fingers was inexcusable. It would enrage the Duke. No doubt the punishment would be banishment to some unsavory place. Already, he could imagine himself chained to the wall of a cold rat-infested dungeon.
After three hours had elapsed, and the dancers were beginning to thin, the Baron began to fret and fidget, talking to himself. Hours after midnight, the last of the giddy ballroom throng were leaving. The old Baron still paced around his tier-box, staring after the crowd, mentally numb with imagined terrors. Finally, the officials politely asked him to leave; the lights were being turned out, so he left his box and doddered into the streets. He asked discreet questions of the guards and attendants about an houri and a black and white jester. They laughed at the query. Fifty houris and two hundred jesters had passed up and down the palace ballroom steps that evening.
When he reached their suite in the hostel, the sleepy hall guard had not seen his young companion return, and the valet, Stefano, the private attendant to the young Count, made a polite inquiry as to his master’s whereabouts.
The Baron cleared his throat and stalled. The man would have to be told something, he reasoned. He was trustworthy; he might be of help; so he told him a half-truth. 
“The Count decided to go on a young man's escapade. We must keep that a secret; Count Alvaro might return tomorrow, or he might be away longer. I am relying on you, Stefano, to be discreet and not feed gossip to any wagging tongues.”
The next morning, with the Count still missing, the old Baron considered a quick death, perhaps a poisoned draught of wine. It would be better than being dragged home to Mondraga, arraigned for high treason, and punished for neglecting his duties as the caretaker of the Count. But he was not eager to use that last resort...not yet. He considered finding help. A good private investigator might locate the truant, if he was still alive. And if he were not, the poison would still be an option.
He made some inquiries and located a man who was highly recommended. Dahoon, a dwarf detective, was purported to be an investigator of wide experience and good connections. 
The Baron found his office, an open doorway in the hall of a run-down building. Dahoon sat on a high stool behind his desk, putting him at eye level with the Baron. His graying beard was split into two descending cones of hair, each tied with a rawhide thong. He listened to the Baron’s request.
“You are holding back too much information about your missing friend,” Dahoon chided, “I am not omnipotent. I cannot read your mind!” He guessed there was some mystery, and tried to probe the Baron's secrets. His eyes had a piercing unsettling quality that made the Baron uncomfortable. But Bendriani was obdurate; he spoke vaguely of the Count as a “young foreigner of distinction.”
Dahoon became impatient. “Good sir” he said brusquely, “it seems to me that you have come here today to enlist my services in finding your friend, but also with the firm determination to keep your secrets to yourself. You will, I am sure, see how impossible you make it for me to be of much service to you.” 
“Can you do nothing then?” asked Baron Bendriani in despair.
“I will make what enquiries I can, both at the palace ballroom and the carriage stables. Your missing friend may, after all, re-appear in the next day or two. Young men are often led into sexual adventures and drinking bouts that last two or three days. As far as I am concerned, I will consider the matter dropped if I have not found the slightest clue by Saturday.” The dwarf waved him away. The interview was over. 
 Bendriani decided to wait till Saturday without confiding in anyone, still trusting the situation would end happily. The only person requiring some sort of explanation was the Count's confidential valet. On his way back to the hostelry he decided to include the valet in the deception.
“You must understand, Stefano,” he explained, “that his Lordship has thought it fit to carry on his affaire de coeur for two or three days. But, before leaving, he gave me the strictest orders that we...you and I, are to keep his absence the most profound secret.”
 Stefano listened impassively with only slightly raised eyebrows.
“It is not for you, nor even me, to question the Count's right to do as he pleases,” the Baron admonished, “All we can do is to obey his orders. To everybody, therefore, his Lordship is confined to his bed with a fever that is not serious but might last some days. Now, do you quite understand me?” 
“Count Alvaro is my master,” said the valet simply. 
“And can his Lordship rely upon your discretion, both now and in the future?”
“The Count has always found me faithful when he wanted my help; I will say what he wishes, or hold my tongue as he desires.”
“That is as it should be, Stefano; the Count will remember what you do for him today.”

CHAPTER 5
The Identical Bears
“Must you really leave us tomorrow?” asked the Marquessa as Ambassador DePalma dipped and bowed for the final leave-taking of the Marquessa's palace in Monterre.
“Indeed, dear Lady, duty calls. But it is always a pleasure to attend your court, especially at Carnavalle time.”
The Marquessa looked thoughtful for a moment or two; then, obeying a sudden impulse, she summoned a lady-in-waiting and gave her whispered instructions.
Turning back to the Ambassador, she asked, “Could I impose upon you to deliver a package to my daughter, Duchess Emma, in Mondraga?”
The Ambassador was momentarily taken aback. It was an unusual request. “Why...yes, of course. But wouldn’t your regular courier suffice...I mean to say...”
“The package has a very high sentimental value to her,” the Marquessa confided, “a pair of cuddly stuffed toy bears that will remind her of her happy childhood days growing up here in the palace. I know she will be very pleased to have them with her. I want her to know her mother is thinking of her, and perhaps they will bring her a little happiness. I know she and the Duke are not getting along very well at all.”
The two white stuffed bears sat on a window shelf in Emma's bedroom. She cherished them as her companions for tea parties, sharing her girlish secrets. She snuggled them into her canopied bed at night, and they were always with her as she scampered through the tiled halls and formal gardens of the palace.
At sixteen, Emma, through an arranged marriage, became the wife of the old widower, the Duke of Mondraga. After the wedding, her two cuddly white bears were left behind, forgotten and ignored in the confusion of their departure for the palace in Mondraga. The marriage was arranged to ensure perpetual piece between the two countries. But, because of their difference in age, and the Duke’s overbearing ways, there was only discontent and turmoil in their union.
The twin bears had remained undisturbed in Emma’s bedroom ever since she left the palace as a new bride. A maid occasionally remembered to shake the dust from their white fur; then carefully return them to the exact spots where the young Duchess had always kept them. 
But on this day it wasn’t a maid taking them off the shelf. It was a lady attendant to the Marquessa. She laid the two little white bears on a sheet of heavy paper and carefully wrapped them up. 
With infinite care and patience, the Marquessa unfolded the parcel and displayed the two white furry toys to the Ambassador.
“I am sure these will recall wonderful girlhood memories,” said the Ambassador, with a small touch of sarcasm.
“And to add to the charm and the memories they’ll invoke,” the Marquessa added, “these adorable bears have a clever hiding place where my daughter used to keep her little girlish treasures. Will your Lordship find a little tab, hidden in the fur on the bear’s belly, and pull on it?”
The Ambassador obeyed with good humor and opened up a hidden receptacle, velvet lined, in the bear’s body. “Yes, very clever.” He wished he had some remotely plausible excuse for refusing to play delivery boy to the Marquessa.
“But, since they are identical, would it not suffice to send just one?” he asked. “And why is it that she had two exact twins?”
“Oh, a droll story. I must tell you, it was very amusing. She received the bears as Christmas presents from two different friends, neither knowing they had duplicated their gifts.” She giggled and gave him a sly wink. “We never told them!”
Once the bears were again safely packed up, the Marquessa seemed eager to end the interview. 
“I shall never cease to be grateful to you for this friendly service,” she said, and stretched out a cordial hand.
The Ambassador bowed low causing his many medals to tinkle faintly. He kissed the bejeweled hand, and a few minutes later he was in his carriage on his way to the Embassy. He looked at the parcel on the seat beside him with a scowl of annoyance.

CHAPTER 6
Bernardo’s Clever Plan
Bernardo had kept incessantly at work all day, classifying and arranging correspondence the Ambassador would require when he returned from his holiday. He was eager to start his own holiday and to be done with his obligation to deliver the committee’s treasonous papers. He tried to calm his agitation and keep his mind off the dangers of carrying the papers through the Mondragan customs.
It was late in the afternoon when the Ambassador returned from his final farewell to the Marquessa. After he had deposited his package on the table, he tugged his wrinkled waist coat down over his portly paunch, removed his beribboned sash, and turned to his secretary. “My dear faithful hard-working Bernardo, I have bad news to tell you.”
“Bad news, your Lordship?”
“Don't look so scared. It is merely a slight inconvenience; I shall not be able to go on my holiday tomorrow.” He grimaced and sniffed. “I am to be a delivery boy for the Marquessa instead...truly a novel form of diplomacy after my years of experience. And this,” he added, pointing to the parcel on the table, “is what she gave me to deliver.”
“But I don’t understand. Where are you supposed to deliver it?”
“All the way to Mondraga, my boy, to be delivered to the Duchess, the Marquessa’s daughter, Emma...sentimental reminders of her childhood.”
“And you have to take this parcel all the way there...giving up your holiday in order to satisfy the Marquessa's whim?” asked Bernardo in astonishment.
“What else can I do?” said the Ambassador. “I'm a diplomat. She requests a favor, how could I refuse?”
“So now you will deliver the package first...before your vacation?” asked Bernardo, suddenly nervous as to how this change would affect his own plans.
“Yes! I am anxious to get rid of these silly things. We will start for Mondraga tomorrow.”
“We?”
“Yes, my boy! I am afraid you must, like myself, find your holiday postponed.”
Bernardo did not reply. It occurred to him his papers would be safer if he were traveling in company with the Ambassador. Clearly this change of plans was for the good of the rebel cause. “I shall be ready to start tomorrow,” he said at last, with a sigh of relief. “After all, your holiday and mine are only postponed. In the meantime, would you like me to put the package in one of the boxes?”
“Yes, but first cut the string, my boy, and have a look; you will be surprised to see the priceless objects entrusted for my delivery.” His derisive laugh slurred into a disgusting harrumph. Bernardo had already opened the package and stared with amazement at the two white toy bears.
“Their history,” added His Lordship, “as the Marquessa told me, is that they are of great sentimental value to her daughter. Apparently she was very attached to them growing up. They are not entirely what they seem. Ha...you'll love this: there is a little secret about them.”
“A secret?”
“See,” said His Lordship, laughing as he pulled the hidden tab and opened the hidden compartment, “little Emma used to hide her childish secrets in their bellies.”
Bernardo turned pale with suppressed excitement; his hand slightly trembled as he examined the two bears, finding the opening tab on each of them.  A wild idea grabbed him. Here was the safe solution: a place to hide the treasonous papers that even the most diligent Mondragan border official would overlook; moreover, the bears themselves would be in the Ambassador's keeping, and who would dare to touch the belongings of an Ambassador?
“Well, what do you think of them?” His Lordship's voice broke in on Bernardo's meditations.
“They have only sentimental value,” said the young man, pulling himself together, “but I don’t doubt that they will surprise and please Duchess Emma. I will take care of these things at once. They will be safest, I think, in your Lordship's own valise, which will remain in our care the entire length of the journey.”
“All right then, Bernardo, I leave them in your care. I will be in my study.”
Bernardo carried the bears up to his own private room to carry out his plan. The treasonous papers would be more secure by concealing them in a bear’s compartment. He was relieved and re-energized.
“And now, this insures our comrades across the border will have the ultimatum and the roster,” he thought. “His Lordship will have charge of them. Unwittingly, he will be carrying them safely into Mondraga.”
The Ambassador could not be “a suspect,” that was clear; if he declared a parcel to contain gifts for the Duchess Emma, not even the commander of the Mondragan Secret Service would dare question it.
He ran his fingers through the fur of a bear’s belly until he found and pulled the hidden tab, exposing the velvet-lined compartment. Making sure his door was locked, he took out the papers entrusted to him. He folded them into a small square to fit them inside the bear and carefully closed the flap. He minutely examined the two bears; finding them totally identical, he made a scratch on the button eye of the one containing his papers, making it easily recognizable from its twin. He re-wrapped them carefully and took the precious parcel to the Ambassador's room, then locked it up in the official valise, side by side with the diplomatic seal.
“Yes, your Lordship,” he said to himself, smiling at the irony, “you shall take our papers to Mondraga for us. Then, when I unpack your things, I will retrieve them.” 
Bernardo rejoined the Ambassador in his study; he handed him the valise key and assured him the toy bears were safely packed.
“Very good, my boy. And now, as I am dining out, I think I may give you this evening off to say goodbye to any friends you may wish to see. You will have to be ready to leave in the morning. Goodnight, Bernardo, and thank you.”
Bernardo retired with a low bow, glad to be off duty for the rest of the day. He hoped that during the evening he would meet one of his comrades, and be able to communicate with the others that he would start for Mondraga twenty-four hours sooner than expected. Then they might rest assured the papers would be safe in Francobite hands by Saturday morning at the latest. He would now be traveling with the Ambassador, and there was not the slightest fear of being asked unpleasant questions, or having his papers examined.

CHAPTER 7
A Battle of Wits
Why the beautiful Contessa d'Forte should engender fear in high places was difficult to say; she was always charming and appeared not to take the slightest interest in political matters. She entertained so superbly that her dinners and parties were counted among the most sought-out functions of the season. One of these charming little dinners was planned this evening for one of her most ardent admirers, the Ambassador of Mondraga. He was a bit of a roué who never let his high office prevent him from seeking the company of a pretty woman.
Later in the evening, after the Ambassador left, the Contessa planned to leave for Mondraga. She had a gut feeling some mystery was connected with the Count's pursuit of the houri at the Carnavalle ball. 
There was a discreet rap at the door. It was Alfredo.
 “Well! Have you discovered anything?” she asked impatiently. “Be quick, I can only spare a few minutes.”
“According to your instructions, madam” began the Mondragan, “I went to the palace ballroom, where the lights were being put out. I talked to most of the attendants, but no one seems to have taken much notice of the houri, the jester, or the carriage. They all, however, did recollect an older gentleman, also in jester costume, asking the same questions, who seemed very agitated and unsatisfied with their answers.”
“Baron Bendriani, of course! Well?”
“At the hostelry this morning, I followed the Baron to the business house of Dahoon, who, I found out, is a private investigator.”
“H'm...and why would he go there!” mused the Contessa.
“What struck me was, that when Baron Bendriani left Dahoon's office half an hour later, he was shaking his head and muttering like something didn’t please him.”
“What happened after that?”
“Then he went back to the hostelry.”
She had taken up a sheet of paper, and was making rapid notes of what she had heard. “It seems pretty clear that Baron Bendriani has made up his mind to wait,” she said, “and to keep the Count's disappearance from reaching the Duke. This mystery alarms me. Baron Bendriani! What an incompetent! He thinks more of his own safety than of the dangers to the missing Count...wherever he may be...probably in some prison. But if it is a prison,” she added fervently, “I am hoping that it remains a prison, and doesn’t become his grave.”
Alfredo grunted assent and stood waiting further instructions.
“Now, Alfredo, after dining tonight with Ambassador, I’ll be leaving for Mondraga. Your work, after I have left, will not be very difficult. Follow this dwarf Dahoon wherever he goes; remember, if anyone discovers the whereabouts of the Count, it must be you and I. You understand?”
A rumble of carriage wheels was now distinctly audible under the porte-cochere. The Contessa hastily finished writing a report of her findings and suspicions that might prove valuable to the Duke.  She locked it in her desk, and dismissed Alfredo, who silently bowed out.
She composed her face in a mirror and brought one long silky lock down over one shoulder so it curled, pointing to her décolletage. And when a servant opened the door and announced: “His Lordship, the Ambassador DePalma,” she was calm and smiling, with words of welcome bubbling forth to her exalted guest.
“Your Lordship honors my humble house,” she said, with a gracious smile. The Ambassador dipped and bowed and kissed her dainty fingers with exaggerated gallantry.
It was no wonder a slight shiver ran up the spine of those men enchanted by the hidden intrigue behind the charming smile. She was skilled in using her female assets to gain the secrets of Princes, Dukes and Ambassadors.
As for His Lordship, he had no cause to fear Contessa Anya d'Forte, but every reason to admire her. He enjoyed sharpening his diplomatic wit against hers. He saw in her a brilliant and agreeable conversationalist, a genteel sexy widow who knew everybody worth knowing, and had traveled everywhere worth visiting. Her taste in matters artistic and cultural was broad based throughout the courts of Europe.
“And your Lordship is really leaving us tomorrow?” Anya inquired with a sigh, when, after dinner, she reclined lazily in an armchair.
“Alas! My dear Anya, I had intended to take a relaxing holiday among the beautiful mountains.”
“Incognito?” she asked mischievously.
“Incognito.” He smiled in reply. “But, alas! Unforeseen duties have since called me elsewhere.”
“Why, that is very sudden,” she said. “Your secretary, Bernardo, told me just last night that you would be taking a holiday.”
“What Bernardo told you last night was true, but disappointing as it may be, my plans have changed.”
“And instead, your Lordship is going...?” she asked, with true feminine curiosity.
He looked at her and hesitated; she was bewitchingly attractive. “Um...elsewhere.” He said at last, as if to forestall any further questions.
But, as skilled in diplomacy as the Ambassador was, this was a false move, for the location ‘elsewhere’ obviously hid a mystery. Contessa d'Forte bit her lip; she disliked secrets, until they became her own. His Lordship had, quite unwittingly, fueled her curiosity, and she had decided in her mind that he would not be leaving her house without telling her where he was going the next day.
“Elsewhere is a vague place,” she said with a teasing pout, “not to say ungallant. Your Lordship does not usually offer me such brusque answers.”
“Believe me, my dear Anya,” he said, full of contrition, “if the secret was truly mine, I would confide it to you immediately.”
“Ah! Then you admit that there is a secret connected with your change of plans?”
“I never denied that...but the secret is not my own.”
“Oh, come now, my dear Baron, we’ve shared secrets in the past that weren’t entirely yours to share,” she fluttered her long dark eyelashes.
The Ambassador coughed and mumbled something into a handkerchief held to his mouth. She saw she had gained a point. She was now burning with curiosity and was more determined than ever to pierce his mystery.
“I thought,” she added, with real reproach in her voice, “that when your Lordship did me the honor to aid you in some of your delicate diplomatic missions, that we had agreed to share political secrets with each other.”
“This is not a political secret, my dear Anya,” protested the Ambassador.
“Private, then? Ah! Take care! My jealousy might prove more serious than my curiosity.”
“Oh, no, no...not what you're thinking,” he hastily corrected, blushing.
“Whose secret, then?” she persisted. “You told me that you had seen no one this Wednesday other than your secretary Bernardo.” She paused to give the Ambassador a penetrating glance. “Aha...So your Lordship is taking a secret private message from the Marquessa to some remote place called Elsewhere. A love letter perhaps! And now you cannot dampen my curiosity any more. You must tell me all about it. Who is to receive this message?
“Please Anya!” the Ambassador protested feebly.
She reached over and patted his arm. “I should announce the news tomorrow: An Ambassador as Cupid's messenger. Truly the secret is now mine. Mine by right of conquest. Your Lordship might have guessed that a mystery which baffles Contessa d'Forte has yet to be invented.”
The Ambassador was now truly distressed. This unpredictable femme fatale might take some unpleasant advantage.
“Believe me, dear Anya,” he said at last, “that nothing but the most solemn promise to the Marquessa prevented me from telling you everything from the first. Your powers of guessing riddles are too widely known for any poor diplomat like myself to overcome. Therefore, I throw myself, conquered as I am, entirely at your mercy.”
“I will be generous,” she said, once more captivating and coquettish; “now that my whim is gratified, I can afford to be merciful, but on one condition.”
“And that is?”
“Why does the Marquessa not use the post service? Is it more than a letter--some rare and valuable gift for a new lover?”
“It is, indeed a unique gift,” said the Ambassador, now completely subjugated and resigned; “but of sentimental value only--two toy bears.”
Anya laughed. “Toy bears! Not very romantic!”
“No, not romantic at all. She has asked me to deliver the toys to her daughter, Duchess Emma, in Mondraga.”
“And your Lordship has accepted the task?”
“With great reluctance, I assure you, Anya; but what could I do? The Marquessa has the skill to open an old diplomat's heart, as easily as she does the secret tabs of the stuffed bears.”
“Wait...the bears have secret tabs? For what purpose?”
“Yes! They open hidden compartments where her daughter hid her childhood treasures.”
“How cute and clever. I am sure Emma will be surprised and delighted that her mother sent them. Are they small, large...colorful?”
“Just ordinary stuffed bears. They are white and just alike.”
“I would love to see them.” Contessa d'Forte was quiet for a few moments, deep in thought. “And you will have to give up your holiday to deliver them? Is that right?”
The Ambassador sighed deeply. “Unfortunately.” 
“That’s a shame. How would your Lordship like to be relieved of this, ah...privilege of being the Marquessa’s delivery boy?”
“If I only had a way to do that,” he said, “but I’m stuck with the job.”
“But I am leaving Monterre for Mondraga tonight. I can complete your errand and you can still enjoy your holiday.”
The Ambassador’s face lit up with enthusiasm for that suggestion. “I will have Bernardo bring them here...no, I doubt if Bernardo is at home at this moment; what’s more, they are in my locked valise, and I have the key.” He looked around as though at a loss. “I suppose I could...Yes...I will drive to my hostelry and fetch the bears at once. I do not want to delay your departure.”
Fearing the Ambassador might change his mind, she quickly rang the bell and ordered his carriage to be brought around immediately.
As the roll of the carriage died in the distance, Contessa d'Forte feverishly opened her desk, and ran through the notes she had taken as to the Count's disappearance and Baron Bendriani's behavior. What a chance of complete secrecy fate had placed in her hands. She shuddered as she thought of what would happen if her report fell into the wrong hands and she, Contessa d'Forte, the belle of Monterran society, was exposed as a secret agent in the pay of the Mondragan Duke. She did not want to jeopardize her gay, glittering court life in Monterre, with the admiration her beauty and wealth aroused, and the friends she attracted by her wit and fascinating personality.
The bears’ secret compartments, were the perfect solution to transport her report of her suspicions about the Count safely across the border. The paper, concealed in a bear’s belly, would surely reach the Duke sooner than any communication from the Francobite kidnappers. She was well versed in matters of this sort; she felt convinced the Count's abduction just might involve a ransom. She had set her mind to the task of unmasking the daring conspiracy. She knew what high value her government set on her powers, and this was a chance to show how worthy she was of their trust. If she succeeded in taking the bears herself into Mondraga, she had no fear of discovery. She could fool the most meddlesome officials at customs.
Outside, she heard the rumble of wheels. A short time later the Ambassador entered, carrying his package. He read only curiosity in her expressive eyes. With her dainty fingers she helped him remove the wrappings, exposing the bears.
“Oh dear me!” she sighed, “how cute and cuddly!”
“These bears must have been pampered to be in such perfect condition,” he said.
“Not quite perfect, I think,” she replied, “See! this one has a scratch on its button eye.”
“Oh, dear!” said His Lordship, “I hope that was done before I got them.” He examined the scratched eye and set the bear aside. Picking up the other one he explained to her the mysteries of the secret tab and the hidden receptacle that defied detection.
 Contessa d'Forte struggled to conceal her excitement. “Ah!” she said at last, “You have no idea how careless the custom-house officials are with luggage and valises belonging to men. With ladies' things, they are much more careful; they fear the consequences of a wrinkled gown, or a torn piece of lace. I always put a frilly undergarment on top,” she confided with a wink, “just to embarrass them.”
It was agreed that Contessa d'Forte would deliver the bears to Duchess Emma. The Ambassador finally said his goodbyes, leaving the bears safely in her charge. When he was out of the door, she unlocked her desk and carefully packed her notes concerning the Count, along with other intelligence reports, into the bear with the perfect eyes.  She re-packaged them and wrote on the outside covering in bold letters: “The property of His Lordship Ambassador DePalma--Very fragile.” An hour later, accompanied by her maid, she was in her carriage, on the way to Mondraga.
At about the same time Bernardo, hearing the Ambassador's footsteps in the rooms below, knocked at His Lordship's door to inquire if he would require his services again that night. “Come in, Bernardo,” said the Ambassador in cheerful tones. “This time it is good news I have to tell you. We shall both have our holiday, my son; and I start for the mountains tomorrow.”
Bernardo stared in complete astonishment. “But... what about the bears?” he asked, holding his breath.
“Ah! And here is a delightful piece of luck,” he explained. “Contessa d'Forte, who is going to Mondraga tomorrow, has consented to deliver the tiresome things for me. I took them to her myself this evening, and now they’re out of my hair.”
Bernardo had become deathly pale. “Contessa d'Forte... the bears...” he gasped. “I do not understand--”
“Why, my friend, don't look so scared. I was showing the bears to Anya, and quite casually mentioned that I was somewhat disappointed at having, on their account, to give up a long-expected holiday: so she kindly offered to deliver them for me, and I accepted.”
Bernardo was vainly trying to regain his composure. “And did your Lordship, ah...show Contessa d'Forte the secrets...I mean the secrets of the bears?” he stammered.
“I really do not remember; I dare say I did. But you seem very anxious.”
“My anxiety is entirely in your Lordship's interest; I’m concerned that the bears are really safe in a lady's keeping.”
“Is that all? Don’t worry; I consider the bears quite safe, my dear Bernardo. So now goodnight. I start early tomorrow morning. You will, I am afraid, have to stay another day longer, in order to see to the correspondence,” he paused and gave Bernardo a benign smile. “But after that your time is your own, till we meet at Mondraga, all rested and refreshed from our holiday. Good-night, my son.”
Bernardo bowed low before the Ambassador and hurried to the seclusion of his own room. He tried to collect his thoughts, which were running rampant with the deadly possibilities inherent in this new development. At any hour, any moment, the plot might be exposed. All the papers--the ransom demand and the documents bearing the names of all the conspirators--all were at risk in the belly of one of the bears now in the Contessa's hands! She could use them for her own advantage, either with the Duke or with the Francobites. 
He forced himself to calm down and consider his next move. In the first place, it was quite possible the papers were safe. The Ambassador and Contessa d'Forte had seen nothing; either His Lordship forgot to show the lady the secret compartments, or, having done so, he happened to have used the bear that did not contain the secret papers. Bernardo's thoughts refused to travel further; the consequences were too appalling. And then again, should he warn his comrades at once of the catastrophe? Would that serve any purpose? What could they do, even if they knew the worst? For wherever they went, however they hid, it would be impossible to escape the far-reaching arm of the Mondragan Secret Service. No, it was far better to keep it to himself, for now.
Hours went by as the young secretary sat slumped, head in hands, trying to think of some plan, some means of getting the bears back from the artful Contessa. All night he fretted; it was hours before he fell into a troubled sleep. He dreamt he was in chains, trapped in the dungeons of Mondraga, or suffering the sustained torture of forced labor that could last for years.

CHAPTER 8
The Border Fiasco
Mondraga and Monterre were nestled in the shadow of the Alps bordering France. It was fertile land for vineyards and grazing sheep. The two countries were currently enjoying an entente, although these periods seldom lasted more than a few years before some petty difference triggered another of their endless conflicts. At this time the presence of Napoleon’s army on their northwestern border created an atmosphere of uncertainty and a fear for their future independence. 
Smugglers had been moving wool from Monterre through Mondraga to France where there was a lucrative market. Wool was in demand for the uniforms of Napoleons growing army. They practiced their illicit trade to avoid the tariff placed by the Duke on their Monterran wool, a tariff favoring the price of his own country’s wool exports. Consequently Mondragan soldiers guarded the border and travelers crossing had to endure a customs inspection. 
Contessa d'Forte arrived at the border village of Parzna between Monterre and Mondraga an hour or so before sunrise. The demanding rules of the border inspections required every article of luggage must be inspected.
“I don't think we need get out” said Anya to her maid who was just waking up and staring sleepily out the carriage window.
“But look!” replied the maid, “They are making everybody get out.”
“Anyway, I shall not get out; put my valise and dressing-bag close to me, then go and see if you can find us some coffee.”
“Excuse me,” said a clipped voice, as the maid stepped onto the platform, “everyone must get out here.” A man, in the uniform of a guard, stood by the carriage door and peered in at Contessa d'Forte surrounded by her luggage.
“Surely it is not necessary,” said Anya in a tone of annoyance.
The guard was brusque. “It is necessary, madam. Our orders are very strict, and we are not allowed to let anyone remain in the carriages, nor any luggage.” He pointed to the valise, dressing-bags, and rugs that lay on the cushioned seats.
 Contessa d'Forte made no effort to hide her displeasure. With an impatient sigh, she stepped out of the carriage, leaving her maid to follow with her things. She knew her reports and papers were safe in the secret pouch of the white bear; she had placed the bears in her valise, labeling them conspicuously: “Fragile--the property of His Lordship, Ambassador DePalma.” The parcel might be opened, with a view to verifying the truth of the label, but no one could guess that her spy reports were hidden inside a toy bear.
The whole thing was merely a matter of annoyance and weariness, and the Contessa soon entered the customs hall, followed by her maid.
“Have you any bags or small luggage besides these?” asked an officer who had opened the maid's bag, and checked the bundle of rugs and umbrellas she had placed on the counter.
“Yes! I have a valise and a dressing-bag.” She turned to her maid and said, “Open them; here are the keys.”
“I was not carrying the valise or your dressing-bag,” said the maid; “the guard was carrying them; I don't see the things just at this moment; he must have put them down somewhere.”
“Find them at once. You had no right to let anyone touch them; you know I never allow anyone else to carry my bags.”
 Contessa d'Forte found it difficult to control her agitation. The maid bit her lip and peered anxiously around, hoping to see the bags or recognize the guard.
“Did you say a guard was carrying the things?” asked an official, seeing the girl's distress. “That’s an unlikely thing for any of them to do; they are all too busy in here.”
“He is not here at this moment; it was a young man with a long brown beard and curly hair; he was in uniform.”
“Every one of our guards is in the room at this moment, miss; I have known them all for years, not one is missing. I am afraid you have been tricked by one of the clever local robbers, who operate around here; you see it is easy to rob people here, especially ladies.”
“Oh my,” gasped Anya. The guard’s words brought a churn of terror to her stomach. “Look again! you must have been mistaken! Where is my valise? You are responsible for my valise! I shall accuse you of theft, unless you find my valise... I shall...”
She checked herself just in time; betraying too much emotion over apparent trifles might make them an object of suspicion. Regaining her sang-froid, she turned calmly to the guards and smiled, “My valise and dressing-bag contained some very valuable jewelry. I will give a hundred florins for their recovery, two hundred if I get them back before dawn. In the meantime, I will be at the hostelry here in Parzna until my property is recovered.”
Once outside, she turned to her poor frightened maid. “Here is a month's wages and the money to get you back to Monterre. Be gone! You are no longer in my employ!”

CHAPTER 9
The Stolen Bears
In the meantime, Bernardo anguished over the disposition of the bears. He had been proud to serve the Francobite committee, but he had put them all in serious danger of being discovered--possibly hanged for treason. 
Before leaving the next morning, the Ambassador mentioned to Bernardo that both he and the Contessa had noticed the scratch to one of the bear’s eyes. He was told Anya had, with her own hands, packed the damaged bear and promised to take the utmost care that nothing should happen further.
Bernardo felt that there was a reasonable hope that, so far, the Contessa knew nothing. As soon as the Ambassador left Monterre, he would leave for Mondraga and ask Contessa d'Forte to let him take the bears to the Legation for safe custody.
He skipped breakfast and hurried through the waiting correspondence. He was soon aboard the post carriage bouncing over the rutted road to Mondraga. 
Arriving at the border, he got out for the inspection. The guard cautioned him, “Keep your eye on your belongings. We had a robbery here yesterday and a lady lost a couple of bags to someone posing as a guard.”
“Oh, really...well I shall...”
“She was quite well-known here,” he interrupted, “the lady Contessa d'Forte. She was getting out of her carriage when a man, disguised in one of our uniforms, offered to carry her dressing-bag and valise. He appeared to be following her with her belongings, and it was not till a short time later she realized the man and all her belongings had disappeared. She claimed the valise contained some very valuable articles.”
Bernardo was stunned, his brain almost refusing to accept the dangerous possibilities in this new development. “And have the items been recovered?”
“The bulletin posted by the entrance will give you most of what we know so far,” the guard explained.
Bernardo hurried to the wall, took a few deep breaths to calm himself, and read the bulletin.

-:- THE ROBBERY AT CUSTOMS-:-
Our Frontier Guard has once more displayed the wonderful insight and promptness of action for which they are justly noted. The thief who stole the dressing-bag and valise of the Contessa Anya d'Forte yesterday morning was arrested in a flat where he and a woman accomplice met to divide up the booty. As the Guard forced entry, the culprits were quarreling over some of the trinkets. The man was captured, but the woman gathered a few articles together and escaped through the window. Contessa d'Forte refused to pay the reward under the pretense that one or two valuable articles were missing. She explained that the missing articles were a pair of very valuable stuffed toy bears, which were entrusted to her special care by a friend.
Bernardo feared the worst. The fateful papers were in danger of being discovered if the thieves or pawnbrokers critically examined the bears. And then what? Would the papers be used for blackmailing, or maybe even his arrest for treason?
Bernardo went through customs mechanically with many conflicting worries muddling his thoughts. He stood in the street staring vacantly like some village idiot. After some aimless wandering he found the Parzna hostelry and rented a room. He locked the door and flopped onto the bed. After a while his thoughts quit whirling and he calmed down. Clearly, the situation at this moment was no worse than it had been in the morning. There was, so far, no occasion to alarm his fellow-conspirators by telling them this latest development. He hoped the papers were still undiscovered, and he could induce Contessa d'Forte to give the bears back to him when they were recovered.
Now that the bears were not in her possession, he considered another way: He would approach the Guard commander himself. Since the bears had actually been mentioned as part of the missing property--perhaps they would allow him to claim them, on behalf of His Lordship the Ambassador. He returned to the customs headquarters where the commander kept him waiting. After almost an hour in the anteroom, Bernardo had plenty of time to decide the best line of diplomacy to adopt.
He would tell the commander under an official seal of secrecy, that the bears, alluded to by Contessa d'Forte in her account of her missing property, were none other than those entrusted to her by his master, Ambassador DePalma; that these vintage bears were to be delivered to a lady resident in Mondraga, by the Ambassador, on behalf of an exalted personage whom Bernardo would not name. With this plan and speech well formed in his head, Bernardo, feeling calmer, was able to enter with confidence. The commander, a quiet, aristocratic-looking old man listened attentively to all Bernardo had to say.
“My dear sir,” he said, “I should be very happy under the circumstances to help the Ambassador in any way that is within my power. If you will tell me what you would wish me to do, I might see if I can be of assistance.”
“I merely want your permission to claim the bears on behalf of His Lordship, without their passing through any hands, save yours and mine.”
“But Contessa d'Forte is the person robbed; she might object to having them handed over to anyone other than herself.”
“I will talk with her as soon as I have your authorization,” Bernardo said. “You will find that she will be only too glad to hand over to me all responsibility in the matter.”
“That will be for her to decide,” rejoined the commander of the Guard. “We can discuss the matter later on; anyhow, I will let you know the moment we have seized the missing articles.”
“Then the bears were not with the items recovered?” asked Bernardo breathlessly.
“They are not actually in our possession,” corrected the commander of the Guard.
“May I ask what that implies?” asked Bernardo, puzzled.
“Let me explain,” added the commander. “The Guards are well acquainted with the woman who escaped out the window with part of the booty. She has had previous run-ins for prostitution and theft. Ironically, she is named Angelica and she uses the Tub O’Suds tavern for soliciting customers. The officer who recognized the woman knows where she lives. By keeping a watch on her movements, he intends to track down a gang of thieves that may be connected to her.”
“Surely your Excellency will give immediate orders to have her rooms searched again? Perhaps the toy bears were overlooked,” implored Bernardo.
“I have no objection to that,” said the commander. “I would like to prove to the Ambassador how willing I am to serve him.”
“And your Excellency will allow me to accompany the Guard?” asked Bernardo eagerly. “To identify the bears,” he explained, “there may be other stuffed bears there.”
“Yes, but you must allow the officer on duty to bring them here, to my office.”
“To your office?” said Bernardo.
“Yes! I shall have to insist that the bears remain in my charge until I hear from Contessa d'Forte herself that she has no objection to having them handed over to you.”
“And in the meantime?”
“I shall keep them locked up, and I shall be delighted to release them to you, as soon as I am satisfied that the Contessa agrees.”
He turned to the open door and shouted, “Brigadiere Meyer, come in here.”
“Do I understand that the woman, Angelica, has not been caught trying to sell the stolen property?”
“Not yet, sir.”
“It is nearly eight o’clock, perhaps she is on the streets soliciting and has left her room.”
“Very likely, your Excellency.” 
“Hmm...Well then I want you to take one other man with you and go to the woman's room. Search it thoroughly. Seize all suspicious property you can find. This man has my permission to accompany you and to identify certain articles, two stuffed toy bears that belong to him. If found, you must bring them back here. Do you understand?”
“Yes, your Excellency!”
Rising from his seat, the commander dismissed the Brigadiere with a nod, and signaled to Bernardo that he should follow him.
Five minutes later they were in a carriage. Bernardo hoped the next half-hour would see his precious papers safely in the inner pocket of his coat.

CHAPTER 10
The Search
Brigadiere Meyen stopped the carriage in a narrow cobbled street, in one of the most squalid quarters of Parzna. He jumped out, followed by Bernardo and the other Guard, and cast a quick, searching glance along the deserted street. They walked through a broken gate into the littered courtyard of some run-down tenements. A group of unkempt women, with stringy hair and dirty aprons, stopped their chatter and nudged each other significantly as they caught sight of the Guards.
Brigadiere Meyen turned to Bernardo. “I do not see either of our lookouts anywhere about, so the trollop must have gone out.”
“So much the better,” said Bernardo. “I suppose the people of this building are used to this sort of thing.”
The Brigadiere shrugged his shoulders. “This house is almost entirely occupied by whores like Angelica. Most of them, I’m sure, have spent some time in prison,”
They began cautiously ascending the stairs. Brigadiere Meyen, who was in front, seemed to be sure of where he was going. He stopped and tried the knob of one of the doors. The door, however, was locked, and after one or two repeated loud knocks, the Brigadiere used his broad shoulders to bust it open.
The room was dimly lit. The sole window was opaque with dirt; the Brigadiere threw it open to air out the stale odors. He lit his lantern, revealing the room in all its squalor: an iron bedstead, covered with a ragged blanket, an earthenware stove grimy with grease and soot, and a painted chipped chest. A couple of rickety chairs were by a table with a cracked pitcher and washbasin. The floor was bare, the boards splintered and rough. Two or three pots of powder and makeup paints were on the chest, along with two faded photographs and an untidy clutter of papers.
Bernardo gazed around him. Except for the chest of drawers, he could see no place where the bears could have been hidden. Pointing to the bed, the Brigadiere ordered his man to turn the mattress over.
“Would you like to search that chest of drawers?” he smiled sarcastically, addressing Bernardo. “I think our lovely lady of the night has flown and taken her treasures with her.”
Bernardo immediately began emptying the drawers, throwing ribbons and rags in a heap on the floor.
“It seems to me,” said Meyen at last, “that we are wasting our time here; we will let it go for the present, and report to the commander.”
Bernardo had completely emptied the drawers, and was now impatiently turning over the letters and papers spread across the top of the chest. A half-torn, faded photograph of a woman got his attention. She had a coarse, large featured face, with dark “bedroom” eyes, and a wide, laughing mouth. He wondered, as he looked at it, whether this was the woman who held his fate in her hands, and also that of his comrades.
“Is this the woman?” he asked, turning to the Brigadiere and holding out the photograph.
“Yes it is,” replied Meyen, after a hasty glance. “No beauty, is she?”  He waited at the door. Bernardo slipped the photograph into his pocket and followed him down the narrow stairs.
“I don't think there is any necessity for me to accompany you to the commander's office,” he said to Meyen, as the Brigadierre prepared to step into the carriage. “Please tell him that, since my property has not been found, I will call on him in the morning, and in the meanwhile I will try to communicate with Contessa d'Forte. Go ahead without me; I will walk back.”
Bernardo felt he needed to be alone and think this through. He waited a few moments till the sound of the wheels died out in the distance, then he sauntered off in the direction of the town square.

CHAPTER 11
A Romantic Interlude
Bernardo found his way to the “Tub O'Suds,” the seedy looking tavern mentioned as a haunt for the whore Angelica. He stood by the entrance, admiring the sunset, and watching the painted beauties that swayed past, flaunting their charms.
A burly bouncer welcomed him, “Step right on in, good sir. Enjoy a tankard and a bit of friendly socializing.”
Bernardo ignored the invitation, but asked, “Can you tell me if a lady named Angelica might be in there?”
“Angelica? Ah, you have discriminating taste, sir. She stepped out a short time ago to see if anyone on the streets needed her comforting. But she should be back shortly.”
Bernardo leaned back against the tavern wall and waited. Various examples of the neighborhood pulchritude went by, swinging their hips and seeking his attention. He wondered if some sparkling moscato, or a bottle of champagne would loosen Angelica’s tongue and reveal some information about the bears. These ladies of the night all look very much alike, he thought; but he would recognize her. He would know her among a thousand. He had only looked at her photograph one minute, but her ugly painted face was the face of his destiny.
When she came near, Bernardo heard her harsh voice. He recognized her coarse features under the shadow of a gaudy hat. Even before he had time to speak to her, she was close up to him. She surveyed him up and down, took in at a glance that he wore fine clothes, and thus assumed he had plenty of money. She nodded a careless adieu to her companions, then proceeded to follow Bernardo’s gallant gesture to accompany him into the tavern.
Bernardo took her arm and led the way to a table in the corner, away from the boisterous crowd. He held her chair and seated her like she was someone special. 
“I’m Angelica,” she confided. “And you? What’s your name?” She quickly caught her error. “Oh, no! Don’t tell me. It’s really none of my business.”
The tavern keeper approached and gave a sly nod to Angelica, approving the gold mine she had evidently come across. He apologized profusely when Bernardo ordered champagne.
“I am dreadfully sorry to say that our shipment is overdue. May I bring you, instead, our fine house wine?”
“The wine would be lovely,” Angelica chimed in. “...Oh, my...I should have let you decide that,” she added, patting Bernardo’s sleeve.
Her garish presence and the touch to his arm gave him an uncomfortable shudder. He tried to think of her only as the solution to his predicament. She had evidently hidden the bears in some secure spot, or, maybe, had already sold them to an accomplice. He caught the woman's eyes regarding him with an amused, half-pitying expression. Clearly she thought him a young fool, anxious to get her in bed, but with a lingering awkwardness while faced with the opportunity. The role suited Bernardo; he determined to play it under the guise of intense shyness. He trusted that the wine would loosen her tongue.
The owner appeared with a double magnum of his fine house wine. His price was also double, and he collected the coins with a knowing wink at Angelica.
“I hope you will like the wine,” said Bernardo awkwardly; “if not, please ask for anything you want, anything that will make you, er...lively, you know,” he forced a laugh; “we must enjoy ourselves, Angelica, mustn't we?”
The ice was broken. Angelica burst into a snort of laughter. “Well, you are the funniest creature I have ever come across,” she said, again patting his sleeve. “Are you afraid of me?” She slid her chair around the table to be next to him. “You are not the first fine young gentleman to buy me wine.” She slid her hand along his thigh, giving him a start.
Bernardo filled their tumblers. The wine was terrible. It tasted like vinegar. She drank and chattered on for some time, and then she sidled up to him. “You are a funny boy,” she laughed, “you may kiss me, you know,” and she held out her puckered mouth towards him.
“Look out! The waiter is coming,” said Bernardo pushing back his chair and hastily jumping up from the table and away from her groping hand. The idea of kissing that ugly, painted mouth sent a cold shiver down his spine.
“What if he is? He won’t care?” she replied, laughing. “Do you think he has never seen me kissed before? Come, cheer up, sit down again; your mommy won't know.”
Bernardo, remembering the importance of his dire situation, swallowed his revulsion, and resumed his seat beside her. 
She placed her yellow head on his shoulder. “Do you know, that, as a rule, I don't much care for young gentlemen like yourself?”
“No?” he asked indifferently.
“Well, you see,” she said, with a pout, “it is difficult to get any fun out of them; they are so mortally afraid of being seen in my company that they won't take me anywhere.”
“Who are the people you like best then, Angelica?” he asked, in order to keep up the conversation.
“Oh! I have many friends,” she said. She picked up his hand. “My, but that's a fine ring you are wearing!”
Bernardo felt it was important that he should hear more about Angelica's real friends; one of them might be in possession of the bears! Taking the ring off his finger, he slipped it into Angelica's hand, and said with an effort at cordiality: “Pray accept it; it will adorn your pretty hand. But please tell me some more about your friends--your real friends.”
“One of them is an actor; he earns quite a lot of money. Lord! Sometimes he makes me laugh...the way he can disguise his handsome features. Oh...never mind, my pretty one,” she added, “you have a nice little face of your own too, and…”
“Never mind about my face; tell me about his.” Bernardo felt the conversation was becoming interesting. He swallowed the last vestige of repulsion he felt for this coarse woman, and filled her large tumbler with wine, “Drink this, my sweet,” he said, “and tell me some of your friend's tricks. I should like to hear more.”
She drank the wine and let out a mulish guffaw. “Ah! But I did the best trick of all today; I tricked them all, every one of them; they thought themselves mighty clever, they did, but I outsmarted them. Give me another glass of wine, and I'll tell you all about it. Another glass, now; fill it to the top. I don't often get wine; men mostly only give me ale. You see, I am not so young as I was. But I love wine!” She was getting tipsy and very noisy. “Oh! it was funny,” she laughed again. “I knew the Guards were after me. I am no fool. They meant to search my rooms while I was out; they thought I wouldn't know. But it so happened,” she whispered, “old Matteo Abanni had the things already in his pawn shop. They will find nothing. Ha! Ha! Ha! What's the matter with you? Hey! Where are you going?”
Bernardo was fumbling for his hat and coat. Tossing a few florins on the table, he fled from the tavern, past the astonished tavern owner, and into the street.

CHAPTER 12
The Pawnshop
Out of Angelica's confused babble, Bernardo had deduced the bears were in a pawnshop run by a Matteo Abanni. It was obviously too late to go there, so he made his way to his room at the hostelry. The Ambassador was not likely to hear of the border fiasco and the loss of the bears. The Contessa would keep it quiet--that was only natural; no one likes to admit to carelessness. She had not interviewed Angelica, she could not know where the bears were, and before Abanni's shop was open the following morning he would be on the spot, ready to pay whatever was necessary for the cuddly carriers of the secret papers.
That night he didn’t sleep well. Anxiety kept him tossing and turning until he finally drifted off before dawn. He awoke  realizing he had slept later than planned. The morning sun was already bright in his window. He jumped from bed, threw on his clothes and soon found Abanni's pawnshop. He stepped in and approached the proprietor, a balding old man with thick spectacles hanging halfway down his long nose. 
“A very good morning, sir,” the owner greeted, “and what may I have the pleasure to show your Excellency today? Jewelry? Antiques?”
“I have come on a matter of private business,” said Bernardo briefly. “You had better show me into your office, for your own sake.”
The man looked at him keenly for a moment. “I have no business that I should wish to conceal; but if your Excellency will take the trouble to walk this way...” And he led the way to a stuffy little office at the back of the shop. “Will your Excellency be pleased to be seated?” 
“No, I prefer to stand; what I have to say won't take long. Yesterday you received a parcel of goods from a woman named Angelica. These goods were stolen. You knew it. What have you to say?”
“You are mistaken, sir. I never even heard of any woman named Angelica and I never deal in stolen goods!”
“Enough of this drivel,” said Bernardo impatiently; “you lie, and you know it. Now I will be brief with you. Among that stolen property...don't interrupt me,” he said sternly, as the owner opened his mouth to protest, “I said that, among that stolen property there was a pair of stuffed white bears. I wish to have those bears. If you will hand them over to me immediately, I will pay you the full amount you require. If you refuse, I will lodge information against you at the Guard headquarters.”
The proprietor turned pale and looked swiftly from side to side as though seeking an escape. Finally regaining his composure, he said, “Now I see that your Excellency is a generous gentleman,” he said benignly, “with no desire to harm a poor old man, and I will tell your Excellency the whole truth. I did not like to keep them in my shop in case they might have been stolen, and as soon as I received them I packed them off, and sent them through a trustworthy messenger to my partner in Monterre. And if your Excellency, true to your word, will give me one hundred florins, which will only be fifty florins over and above what I gave Angelica for the bears, I will tell you where my partner is to be found.”
“I will pay you nothing. You have no time to lose; the post stage starts for Monterre at one o’clock. Give me your accomplice's address, and a note, telling him that I am a friend. If you refuse, I will go immediately to the Guard and file an action against you.”
The old man shot a fearful glance through his thick lenses at Bernardo. Without another word, he took a business card from his desk , bearing the words, “Matteo Abanni, Dealer in Antiquities,” and wrote on the back, "Mosh Epstein, 14, Silver Street, Monterre," and below, “To introduce a friend,” and handed it to Bernardo. He walked out of the shop. The owner followed him to the door, bowing and muttering about his complete innocence.

CHAPTER 13
Off to Monterre
As he was getting his things together for the trip back to Monterre there was a knock on his door. It was the Brigadiere Meyer who informed him the woman Angelica had been arrested outside the “Tub O'Suds” in the wee hours for being drunk and disorderly, and had been induced this morning to name a pawn shop owner, Matteo Abanni, a suspected fence, as the receiver of all the stolen property by her and her accomplices.
“And the Contessa...she has been told?”
“I am on my way there now to convey the news,” the Brigadiere said, excusing himself.
Bernardo thanked him, much relieved to learn Contessa d'Forte could not possibly have seen Abanni since he had left the pawnshop.
Bernardo was so absorbed in recovering the secret papers that he seemed unable to think of anything else. Nothing but disaster could follow while the papers were in strange hands. To get those back was a matter of life and death, both to the cause and to his fellow rebels. 
On the post carriage to Monterre he had plenty of time to meditate on the folly of all this plotting that had endangered their lives and liberty. He himself, with a brilliant career before him, was stupid to risk all his prospects for the sake of a political coup cooked up by hotheads such as Maxim and Vito. 
Amidst these conflicting thoughts, Bernardo reached Monterre. The address, No. 14, Silver Street, was not far from the carriage station. Walking into the shop, he asked the man behind the counter if he were Mosh Epstein.
“Yes, I am definitely that person,” he replied, smiling. 
“I noticed in your shop yesterday morning a pair of white stuffed bears that took my fancy at the moment. Do you recollect the ones I mean?”
“Perfectly, sir, perfectly. I regret, however, that I sent those same bears to one of my regular customers late yesterday afternoon. He is a great collector of curios of all kinds, and, like yourself, sir, was greatly taken with their pristine condition. But I have some other very beautiful stuffed toys you might like.”
“No,” said Bernardo. His mouth hung open and he glanced around nervously. “I must have...I would like to buy those particular ones--no matter what I have to pay for them.” He leaned forward and slapped the counter for emphasis. “They were stolen from me!” 
He noticed Epstein was beginning to eye him suspiciously. He composed himself. “Here is my introduction,” and he handed him Abanni's card. “You will see by that, that I am a friend, and if you will deal fairly with me, no harm shall come to you, but if you refuse to help me retrieve my property--for those bears are mine--I will be setting the Guard on you as a receiver of stolen goods.”
Mosh Epstein took the card and, turning it slowly between his fingers, regarded Bernardo with a remnant of suspicion.
“I tell you no harm shall come to you,” said Bernardo impatiently. “I am even willing to pay you a very handsome price for those bears; you see, therefore, that you can only gain by being frank with me. Abanni gave me this card, so that you should have no fear.”
“Sir, I have told you the truth,” said Epstein at last, “as for your threats, they have no weight with me; I have a perfect right to buy goods from Abanni without falling under suspicion of receiving stolen property; I had no knowledge that the articles were stolen, and I defy you to prove otherwise.’’
Bernardo was beginning to realize the bears were really out of his reach once more, “Then those bears are sold?” He gasped.
“They were delivered to a retired officer of the Guard, Maggiore Cannelli. He lives at No. 10 Flower Tower Lane. He is quite wealthy and a great collector of stuffed animals. You may probably have heard of him. No? Well.”
“To the point, man. For God's sake, tell me, did he buy them?”
“He did, sir,” said Mosh Epstein, nettled at this curious customer's impatience. “And now if you will excuse me.” He turned away to greet another client entering his shop.
Bernardo was stunned by this new impediment to his quest. He reeled out of Epstein's shop, and stood still, gathering his wits and breathing deeply. His hands were shaking and his nerves on edge. One thing was certain; he must see this Maggiore Cannelli. 
Flower Tower Lane was a short walk from the shop. Arriving at the Maggiore’s imposing house, he banged the clapper below the nameplate.
A butler, dressed in military style livery, opened the door and looked him up and down. “Your business?” he asked abruptly.
“Maggiore Cannelli. Will you please give him my card, and tell him I desire to speak with him at once?”
“Sorry I can't take the card, sir,” said the butler gravely.” “Maggiore Cannelli died this morning. Very sudden it was. He will be buried on Thursday, sir, if you wish to attend the funeral.”
This was the final blow. The butler's face began to dance before his eyes and he blacked out. His solemn voice sounded to Bernardo as if it came from very far away as he collapsed on the steps. Bernardo didn't know how he got to the hospital, or what happened for the next few days, as complete nervous prostration followed the intense mental and physical tension he had been under.
Under the circumstances, the doctor felt justified in examining Bernardo's purse. Since it was well filled with florins, he ordered a few days of absolute quiet and rest.

CHAPTER 14
The Ignoble Suggestion 
While Bernardo was having a nervous breakdown, Vito and the members of the Francobite committee in Monterre had also been going through a time of anxiety and dread for the future. He had promised to give them some definite news of himself as soon as he had reached Mondraga. A week had elapsed and no message had come from him. If all had gone well he should have been there and should have already delivered the papers. Why, then, had he not reassured them that all went as planned? If their papers were in the hands of the Mondragan Secret Service, not one of them could hope to escape.
They met again to commiserate and hope for some news from Bernardo. Vito and Marta were the last to arrive. Vito had his own agenda and he knew it would not be popular with the others, but he felt Marta was with him. They all trusted her with the secrets of the committee now. The part she had so discreetly played at the Carnavalle ball in luring the Count into their hands had shown she was a valuable member of their committee.
“Vito, have you heard from Bernardo?” someone asked.
“Not a word,” he replied in disgust.
There was a silence; then a sullen voice said, “What if he has been taken by the Secret Service?”
“Impossible,” Marco reassured them, “by now every one of us named in those papers would have been arrested for treason. The very fact that we are still free proves that our papers are safe.”
“Our papers might be,” rejoined one of the brethren, “but what about our ultimatum to the Duke?”
“He might, before being arrested, have succeeded in destroying the papers,” said another. There was silence while they considered the possibilities.
“Does it not strike you, my friends,” said Vito at last, sarcastically, “that it is impossible for us to know what has happened to Bernardo? For my part, I think Bernardo's silence is exceedingly ominous. If he had accomplished the journey safely you may be quite sure we would have received his message. What I have to say will not seem pleasant to some of you,” he continued. “We have a great weapon in our hands against the evil Duke and his corrupt court--the one weapon that must, sooner or later, bring them down. That weapon is fear. Let us strike terror in their hearts, so that in days to come, very soon, they will look at each other silently, and ask themselves, 'My turn next, perhaps?’ It is then, and then only, that we shall be the masters, when cowardly fear will place them quaking with terror at our feet.”
Some of them shuddered when they realized his proposal meant death to the helpless Count in the North Tower, but they knew if the grim plot were put to a vote, there would be very few “nays.”
“After all, my friends,” resumed Vito, “I am sure that none of you would wish to see all of us convicted without having attained anything, after having dared so much. Let us do one deed that will leave our names forever glorified in the hearts of every Francobite in Mondraga.”
 Unwillingly, but still unanimously, they gave their consent to the ignoble deed that Vito offered to do. The word “assassination” had sounded once; it was now called “execution” with the great hulking Vito the willing executioner. Marco argued for one more day to see if some news of Bernardo might yet arrive. Others supported him and waiting one more day was agreed on by all.
No one had taken much notice of Marta. Before most of them had gone she slipped out of the room. Out in the street she hailed a carriage, jumped in alone, and was driven rapidly off.

CHAPTER 15
A Kinder Alternative
Marta's position in the rebel’s brotherhood was a curious one. She had been born and bred in the hatred of the nobles who ruled in Mondraga. She had listened to all her father's bloodthirsty schemes, but not always sharing in them. When the brotherhood decided to entrust her with the most important role in the abduction of the Count, she felt proud and happy to be of use to the Francobite cause. When Maxim and his comrades had been arrested in Mondraga, the girl's ears were filled with horrible tales of the tortures they would undergo.
But when Bernardo failed to contact them and gloomy lips began to murmur, Marta began to feel anxious, both for the safety of their captive, and for the honor of the rebel cause. The cause was about to be polluted by a crime so foul that Marta shuddered, thinking about it. She looked at her hands; they were about to be stained by the blood of her complicity in the kidnapping. All night in her bedroom she paced up and down, restless and concerned. She imagined the last agonized cry of the young Count, surprised and helpless in the hands of his assassin. It was broad daylight before her nerves recovered. Marta knew what she had to do. She prayed long and earnestly for the success of her scheme, a plan she thought would save the prisoner from murder, and the great cause, itself, from eternal shame.

CHAPTER 16
Marta’s Proposal
The young Count’s consort, Baron Bendriani, was forced to sit patiently at the hostelry, watching for news of his missing charge, and sending reports of the Count's imaginary illness to the authorities in Mondraga. But the deception could not continue much longer. Already royal demands had been made for reports, signed by physicians, supposedly called in to attend the illustrious patient. 
Soon Baron Bendriani's deceit would be discovered, and the old Mondragan regretted not shifting the responsibility of this fearful calamity from his own shoulders. He looked at his tiny pistol, a better fate than slow torture in a Mondragan prison. He sat meditating as to whether he would once more seek out the dwarf investigator to tell him all, or whether he would send a currier at once to Mondraga asking for immediate help. 
Stefano, the valet, interrupted his thoughts.
 “There is a lady who desires to speak with you on a matter of urgent business. She refuses to give her name, but it concerns the fate of an important person.”
It must be good news, he thought, something of importance the investigator wished to bring him. “Please show her up,” he said eagerly. 
Baron Bendriani rose as the visitor entered the room and bowed instinctively as he beheld a lady of refined bearing--not what he was expecting. Her face was closely veiled, but her figure and general appearance indicated youth as well as refinement.
She took the chair the old Baron offered, and placed it so her back was against the window, while Baron Bendriani's face remained in full light.
There was a slight pause while the mysterious caller was evidently collecting her thoughts. The Baron instinctively felt some indefinable fear. Perhaps he would hear a message of life and death.
She cleared her throat and hesitated for a moment. “I suspect,” she said, “that you are anxious concerning the disappearance of someone whom I need not name. Is that right?”
The Baron half expected this, and yet he turned pale with emotion when he heard this stranger talking so calmly about his dreadful situation.
“Let me assure you first of all, that the person has not been harmed, and for the present is in no personal danger. True,” she continued, “he is a prisoner at this moment, but he is in the power of persons who will be only too glad to give him back his freedom.”
A look of relief crossed the Baron's face. He thought he understood it all now. In spite of her sex, her well-cut clothes, and refined appearance, this woman was part of a gang of desperadoes, here to collect a high ransom. Well! Thank God! There was no great harm done, and money in Mondraga is always plentiful when needed. Baron Bendriani without another word took out his purse, and, placing it on the table, said simply: “Name the price.”
“I will ask you to put that away,” she responded, “the price of the Count's liberty is not contained in that purse.”
Baron Bendriani stared in mute surprise. Rapidly, and to the point, Marta plunged into her subject. She hardly paused to take a breath; she had arranged the whole interview thoroughly in her mind before coming. She explained the daring plot that had placed the heir to the Mondragan throne in the hands of a few conspirators. She explained to him her own share in the matter as the mysterious houri. She spoke in clear, well-defined tones, with a briskness that fairly took the Baron's breath away.
“I think, dear Baron, I have now made it clear that the Count's life is entirely in the hands of those who hold him prisoner, and my purpose in coming here is to tell you on what conditions Count Alvaro shall be freed.”
“Conditions? I will hear of no conditions,” exclaimed the Baron, outraged at this audacity. “Death, swift and sudden, shall be yours and those who have sent you. The Secret Service will see to that!” He had jumped up full of wrath, and his hand was already on the bell-pull.
“Remember,” Marta said quietly, “that if you pull that bell, your young master will be dead before another night has passed.”
The old Baron understood. What a fool he was! The woman spoke truly. What could he do but wait to hear their demands? Now he must negotiate with them, however galling it might be.
“You are right,” he admitted, “No doubt you and your companions know we are in your power, or they would never have dared to send you.” With a violent effort at self-control, he added, “I will listen to what you have to say.”
“Ah, now I have your attention. Good. Have you ever heard the name of Maxim mentioned before now?”
The old courtier knew it well. He was the rebel whose capture, together with a score of his comrades, had been the triumph of the Mondragan Secret Service. He guessed now what this woman's object was in coming to him--an exchange of prisoners.
“I have here,” Marta was saying, “a letter which we want you to give to your master the Duke. In it we tell him that his son is in the hands of persons who hold him as hostage under certain conditions. These conditions are: complete pardon for Maxim and his comrades now in prison, together with safe passage out of Mondraga. On the day that they have crossed the frontier Count Alvaro will be free.”
The old Baron shuddered a little at the thought that he was to be the bearer of this news. “Is that all that is contained in the letter?” he asked, with an effort.
“Not quite all,” she said. “In it we repeat to the Duke what I solemnly declare to you. That if the sound of the Secret Service’s footsteps is heard outside his prison door, a dagger will be plunged immediately into the Count's heart.”
He read the letter through, then he said at last, “I have no doubt that when your friends sent you to me today they knew that my consent was a forgone conclusion. I will take your letter to the Duke, and he shall decide what course to pursue.”
Marta rose. There was nothing more for her to do. Baron Bendriani accompanied her to the door, courteous as ever, though in his heart his feelings were reversed. For some time, he sat, his head buried in his hands, then he rang the bell and ordered Stefano to pack his valise and bag. He would leave for Mondraga right away.
He left Monterre to face the Duke with a heavy heart; the terrible predicament was threatening to end tragically, not for the young Count probably, but to himself, the innocent one, who would be made the scapegoat.


CHAPTER 17
Last Minute Reprieve
Back out in the streets, Marta lifted the heavy veil from her face and breathed a sigh of relief. She was not afraid of being followed, for she knew that in one thing she had completely succeeded: she had so absolutely terrified that pusillanimous old Baron, that he would take off for Mondraga as soon as possible.
Her resolution to dare this negotiation had been taken so suddenly, her desire to prevent the hideous contemplated murder had been so overwhelming, that she never considered how the committee would react to her interference in their affairs. She had acted from motives of justice and honor and she was sure most of the older and more temperate men on the committee would approve.
No one noticed, as she entered the meeting that night, that Marta was paler than usual, and that her attitude was changed to one of courage and determination. 
Vito sat at the table, drumming impatiently with his fingers. he spoke finally, rising abruptly, unable to control his impatience, “Let us take it for granted that Maxim, Bernardo, and the others are lost to us forever, that some or all of us might be arrested at any hour, any moment,” he paused and glanced quickly around the room, “but let us be heartened by the satisfaction of revenge. Death to the Count Alvaro!”
“Vito, you are right,” said a member of the committee; “Ten days have passed since Bernardo left; he is either dead or a prisoner. I agree that our sentence of execution be carried out without delay.”
Marta’s father, Marco, took no part in the proceedings; his whole being revolted against the bloodthirsty scheme, but he felt powerless to withhold the tide of feeling. “You all consent, then?” He posed the question.
Marta stood up opposite to him--alone, defiant. “No, father, they do not all consent.”
All heads were turned towards the young girl, whose voice was seldom heard in these assemblies.
“Marta,” said Vito, somewhat gently, “This is no place for one so young as you. You may not understand the importance of going forward at this time...”
But before he could finish she held up one hand, palm out, to stop him. “My friends, my comrades, my brothers. I have no right, I know, beyond that of friendship, to force you to listen to me, but I know so well what passes in the minds of you all at this moment. You have none of you paused to realize you’re agreeing to murder! You can’t hide that truth, or sugar-coat it!”
“Marta!” thundered Vito's imperious voice.
'No, I will not stop! That hideous crime will never be accomplished, thank God.”
“And who will prevent it, Marta?” asked Vito, half sneering.
“I will!” said Marta, and looked around quietly at the stunned group. Then, while silence fell on all those assembled, she told them of what she had thought and done. She told them of her horror when she thought of her part in kidnapping the Count into their death-trap, and of the guilt and misery the thought caused her. “Remember,” she said, “that objective was a noble one. Why should it ever have been abandoned? Our comrade Bernardo may have been arrested, but we have other means to save Maxim.” 
They did not understand what she was driving at, but still they listened, unwilling to interrupt her. She told them what she had actually accomplished: her interview with Baron Bendriani and the letter she gave him to hand over to the Duke. When she had finished a silence fell over them all. It was a silence of relief from thoughts of the Count's execution.
 Marco was the first to break it. He rose with much dignity, and went up to Marta, who still stood, her cheeks aglow, her eyes aflame, gauging the result of her words. “Marta,” he said simply, “I am so proud of you. I think I speak for all those here when I say, I thank you!” These few words seemed to relieve the tension. 
Only Vito sat smoking grimly. “When can we hear from Maxim as to whether they have crossed the frontier safely?” he growled.
“It will be officially announced,” Marta replied.
“I think,” he said, with his usual grimness, “that all tyrants and their brood are best put out of the world altogether. But, in the meantime, we can only hope, I suppose, that Bernardo and our papers are safe.”
The meeting broke up and they all went their separate ways, unaware that in that very city not far from their rendezvous, Bernardo was hovering in the grip of an acute brain fever.

CHAPTER 18
Freedom At Last
The long days in captivity seemed like ages to Count Alvaro. His youthful energy had slowly changed to dispirited moping. One evening he was surprised to find a neatly folded silk handkerchief by his dinner plate, together with a letter addressed to him. He tore the envelope open eagerly, and read the following brief message:

“If you will securely tie the accompanying handkerchief around your eyes, and do not resist, you will be given your liberty and taken to a carriage. Be ready with your blindfold in place one hour after midnight.”

The thought that this might be some dangerous trap flashed through his mind, but if his jailers wished to harm him, or to remove him to some other place, they wouldn’t have to tell him in advance or blindfold him.
One hour after midnight he was ready with the handkerchief tied around his face. He heard the door open and the sound of several footsteps; then he was led out of the room and down the stone stairs, the same stairs he had raced up before in pursuit of the houri.
He was helped into a carriage, still blindfolded, and after about a quarter of an hour's drive the vehicle stopped, the door was opened, and he was helped to alight. The next moment he heard the door of the carriage slam shut and it rolled away. He realized he was free and tore the handkerchief away from his face. He looked around bewildered. He was standing in a narrow street with not a soul in sight, and the carriage was soon lost to view in the dark.
Now, not knowing where he was, the Count walked on for a while at random, hoping to see a familiar building. Presently he met a passer-by, and asked directions.
Five minutes later Count Alvaro found himself once more in a carriage, this time being driven rapidly in the direction of the Mondragan Embassy. There, his valet, Stefano, awaited him, joyful at seeing his young master safe and well. He was with three Secret Service guards, who saluted respectfully as the Count approached. Baron Bendriani was not there, but an elderly officer with a decoration in his buttonhole bowed and welcomed him.
The Count immediately lit into him: “No doubt,” he accused, his lower lip quivering in anger, “you are here to give me an explanation of how some kidnappers managed to imprison the heir to the Mondragan throne under lock and key for what seemed like an eternity?”
“Your Lordship, you are justly upset at what must seem to you our unpardonable negligence,” replied the older officer. “But we had...”
“You must have known I had mysteriously disappeared the night of the Carnavalle ball.”
“Baron Bendriani only thought fit to inform His Majesty that you were confined to your room with a slight fever. It was not till four days ago that he arrived at Mondraga bearing the terrible news.”
“You were told, of course, to put the Secret Service to work on my disappearance?”
“I was not officially informed of your predicament,” the commander said. “The day before yesterday I was ordered to take two officers with me and to proceed here to Monterre, and be ready to receive you whenever you arrived.”
“Then is no one trying to capture my abductors?”
“It seems your freedom hinged on granting a pardon to the imprisoned rebels, headed by one named Maxim, and allowing all of them to leave the country.”
“And...?”
“They were set free that very evening, and escorted across the frontier.”
“So my liberty was the Francobites’ bargaining chip for their own freedom. And what about Baron Bendriani?”
The old Mondragan officer shrugged his shoulders.
“I will not have a hair of old Bendriani's head touched,” said the Count impetuously. “He tried to prevent me from running foolishly into this mad adventure. He could do no more.”
“He should have alerted the Secret Service at once,” said the officer resentfully; “we might have caught the villains.”
“And probably found me dead! No, he acted for the best; he believed I had gone on a escapade, and wished to save my reputation. Baron Bendriani is not to blame.”
“No doubt you can influence the Duke regarding the Baron. In the meantime, we are ready to escort you back to Mondraga.”
On the journey they discussed the possibility of bringing the kidnappers to justice. Count Alvaro had never set eyes on any of his abductors other than the deaf-mute servant and Marta. They realized how efficiently the plot had been carried out, and how in all probability, the conspirators would escape capture.
On that same night, Marco and the plotters met once more. There was eager expectancy on all the faces, and there were many glances at the clock. At last there was the sound of footsteps outside. Soon the door was opened, and four of the comrades, including Vito, came in. They were greeted with a hubbub of questions.
“Quiet!” said Vito, “We have succeeded. Maxim and our comrades are by now safely out of Mondraga.”
Instant cheers filled the room, followed by laughter and enthusiasm for their cause.
“Marta has gone with them,” he added, after they settled down. “We thought it would be wiser for her to be out of the country for a little while for her own safety.”
A voice piped up, “Let those fools over there in Mondraga do their worst to find us. We didn’t leave them a clue!”
“Not true!” said Vito quietly, “you have forgotten our papers, which we entrusted to Bernardo.” If his wish was to dampen their enthusiasm, he fully succeeded. It certainly did seem strange that no news of any kind had been heard since the night when he had announced his departure. Nearly two weeks had elapsed since then.
The ugly word “traitor” had been whispered once or twice. Some suggested that some untoward accident might have happened to Bernardo, but still they hoped the papers were safe. It would be such a crushing blow, after the great victory, to have to face arrest now that the Count was out of their hands. Those papers were so compromising that not one of them could possibly hope to escape. Anyhow, it was a waste of time to sit and discuss Bernardo's possible movements. News, good or bad, that would clear up this mystery, was bound to reach them sooner or later. A future meeting was arranged, and they prepared to leave. 
As Marco was about to turn to the door, something in the eyes of Vito made him pause and wait until only they were left, the sole occupants of the room.
“I can see that you know something, Vito...what is it?”
“Look at this letter I received from Bernardo this morning.” He shoved the letter at Marco. “Read it.”
Marco began reading half aloud:

Flower Tower Hospital, Monterre.

My dear Vito, 
You will wonder at the place I am writing from, and still more so at what I can possibly be doing there. I have been at death's door, my good friend, owing to a series of the most terrible misfortunes that could befall any man. Do not be alarmed; though the news I am at last able to send you is of a most terrible kind. The papers are out of my possession...

Vito swore and his hands clenched the almost illegible letter, obviously written by a sick man who had trouble controlling the pen. He threw his head back and cursed at the ceiling as though God could hear him.
“Please, Vito, calm down and let me finish,” said Marco.

The most fatal conglomeration of mishaps originally deprived me of them, at the very moment when I had placed them in what I considered absolute safety. Since that terrible hour all my energies have been spent in recovering them, for, although I have always known where they were, they always have by some almost diabolical coincidence evaded me. At last the strain on my brain shattered my health, and I have been in a hospital recovering. Again I say, do not be alarmed. To the best of my belief no mortal eye has, as yet, seen our papers, and our secrets are still safe. But I am now too feeble to act alone; I must have help from one of you, and I may want a great deal of money. I dare not ask what happened in Monterre, if our comrades are free, if, not hearing from me, you have dared to act, or if Count Alvaro still remains a hostage. For God's sake, I beg of you, my friend, not to mistrust me, and, if possible, not to alarm our comrades unnecessarily. All is not lost yet, but I must have your help. Come as soon as you can. 
--Your friend and comrade,
                  Bernardo

Vito did not speak, made no comment; he took back the letter and crushed it in his hand, and there was a dark scowl on his face. “I had better start tonight,” he muttered. “Can you let me have the funds? He says much may be wanted; for bribery, I suppose.”
“Come and see me at my house before you start, and I will have everything ready for you. And Vito,” he added, “Do not condemn him too quickly. Remember, Bernardo is young, and he's as loyal to our cause as you and me.” He gave Vito a parting handshake, and watched him tromp heavily down the stairs.

CHAPTER 19
There Is Still a Way

BY ORDER OF THE EXECUTORS OF THE LATE MAGGIORE CANELLI
The whole of the Contents of the superb mansion on Flower Tower Lane, consisting of antique and modern furniture, piano, china, glass, pictures, and a rare and valuable collection of antiquities, gold and silver plate, jewels, etc., will be sold at auction. The sale will take place on Thursday next, the 12th, at eleven o'clock precisely. 
The maid had left some news bulletins by Bernardo’s bedside and the auction announcement caught his eye. The ten days of rest the doctor had prescribed had enabled him to collect his energies and clear his mind. Matters, he knew, could not remain as they were. And there it was, announced in the bulletin. The scene: An auction room. The battle: Waged with money. He had written to Vito, asking for his help, and now was waiting anxiously for a response. In the midst of his reflections the nurse interrupted him, telling him a gentleman desired to speak with him.
“Show him in at once,” said Bernardo. 
It was Vito, sullen, grim, and half menacing. He refused to take his hand, and would not sit, but stood firm and silent while Bernardo explained and told him all. Shaken by Vito’s attitude, Bernardo did his best to explain the mix-up of the two bears, with the mysterious hidden receptacles into which, believing he was acting for the best, he had hidden the compromising papers. He told of the Ambassador's sudden caprice in entrusting these bears to the Contessa. He told him of the robbery at the border and his fruitless search in Angelica's room, his loathsome experience with the coarse whore in the “Tub O'Suds,” his interview with Abanni, his journey to Monterre, then his visit to Epstein--all fruitless, all leading to more disappointments and more hopeless entanglements. Then finally, the crushing of all his hopes at the door of Maggiore Cannelli, who had died suddenly that very night.
Vito had listened attentively and silently through this long narrative of misery and struggle. When Bernardo paused at last, pale and exhausted, Vito drew a chair near the couch, and said almost gently:
“My poor friend, you have endured much.”
Bernardo thanked him and eagerly grasped his outstretched hand. “Remember, I gathered from the Ambassador's account that the Contessa had never touched the one which contained our papers. It had a scratched eye but was otherwise identical. In His Lordship's own presence, she had packed it up and placed it aside.”
“So you were then content to allow that spy to have our dearest secrets in her possession? His gentle tone was gone.
Bernardo winced at the reproach. He watched Vito now as he grimly paced up and down the narrow room. “If only the Count was still our prisoner,” he muttered, “all might yet be saved.”
“Then...?” asked Bernardo eagerly, “Maxim...he is free?”
“He and his comrades are over the border, and the Count is back in Mondraga.”
“I do not understand,” said Bernardo, bewildered. “How were the negotiations conducted without the message to the Duke?”
“In the simplest way imaginable,” said Vito, “by a woman...Marta.”
“Marta?”
“She had some womanish scruples about assassinating our prisoner as I had proposed all along, and she accomplished by terror what we failed to do with all our plotting. On her own initiative, she thought out the daring plan of making that old fool Baron Bendriani be the bearer of our manifesto to the Duke, in exactly the same terms as on the letter you were taking. Without consulting the committee, she sought him out, for we had previously ascertained that through sheer terror the Baron had persistently put off communicating with the government at Mondraga. With the dagger, so to speak, at the Count's heart, Baron Bendriani had no choice but to accept, and he became the bearer of our ultimatum. What passed at Mondraga with the authorities we, of course, do not know, but three days ago the official papers announced the liberation of Maxim, and his comrades, and their safe conduct across the border into France. Some of our committee met them there with money and clothes, and Marta went with them. We all thought it would be safer for us if she stayed out of Monterre for a time.
Vito paused and froze Bernardo with a savage glance. “But you...now you have compromised us all...we should never have trusted you!”
Bernardo shrank from the attack. “Your trust is not misplaced, Vito,” he said quietly, “and our cause and our comrades are not compromised. Give me the necessary funds, and I swear to you that in three days I will put our papers safely in your keeping.”
“You know, then, where the bears are at this moment?” said Vito, somewhat pacified.
“They are to be sold at auction and we can buy them easily enough.”
“Yes! Unless fate or Contessa d'Forte interposes.”
“The Contessa cannot know where the bears are. She was bound to lose trace of them.”
“We have ample funds, and they are at your disposal. We must trust you once again.” Vito handed him the drafts and money. It represented a large sum, and Bernardo took it, feeling easier in his mind. Vito left him soon after, and Bernardo was left alone to collect his faculties for this last endeavor to save his comrades and himself from catastrophe. Obviously the first thing to do was to view the contents of the Maggiore’s estate, and make certain the bears were included among the objects put up for sale. Having assured himself of that all-important fact, his last move was to go to the auction room on Thursday, and, with the help of the funds placed at his disposal, bid for the bears till they became his property.
The first part of this was easy. He went to the house and found the twin bears were to be put up for sale on the following day. So far, so good. Many people were examining the furniture and objet d’art, but those people seemed to be mostly dealers. Bernardo knew the sum of money the secret society had placed at his disposal was infinitely beyond what the richest dealer would willingly pay for the bears. His mind, therefore, was perfectly at ease as to the result of the coming sale. When he left the house he stopped on the doorstep a moment to adjust his cape; at that moment a carriage stopped and a lady got out. Without noticing him, she brushed past and walked into the house. It was Contessa d'Forte!
The lady's presence was a thunderbolt. Bernardo knew it meant the gravest danger to him. It was certain now that she had a personal interest in the recovery of the bears. He had his committee’s purse, a large sum of money, but if the Contessa d'Forte was a paid agent of the Mondragan government, her credit would be practically unlimited, and the bidding between them would be one for life or death.
There was just a faint possibility she had not discovered the secret papers. In that case, the moment she recognized Bernardo among the bidders, she would retire from the contest in the belief that he was acting for the Ambassador. No! all was not yet lost, and Bernardo heaved a deep sigh of relief as he thought that tomorrow would end this terrible suspense
However, Contessa d’Forte had a desperate stake in the game being played. She had been enduring tortures of uncertainty while following the same trail as Bernardo in her quest for the bears. She was terrified that her secret reports, that she had hidden in the bear with the perfect button eyes, might fall into the wrong hands in Monterre. Her persistence had also brought her to the dead Maggiore’s home and finally to the auction. She felt quite relieved to see the bears were among the objects put up for sale. As far as she was concerned, it would be an easy matter to bid for them, and purchase them at any price.

CHAPTER 20
The Bidding Battle
The auction was held in the main room of the mansion where a great crowd was assembled. When Bernardo arrived he could not see the Contessa. The larger pieces of furniture were put up first and sold to different dealers. It was late in the day when the curios and valuable knick-knacks were finally auctioned. Jewelry, gold and silver plate, Egyptian and other antiquities, and then, the words Bernardo had waited for”
“Two white stuffed bears,” shouted the auctioneer; “We will start them at fifty florins for the two of them.”
“Fifty,” said a voice.
“Sixty,” said another.
The bidding continued but Bernardo stayed out of it . He waited till most bidders had fallen back, but when another voice had said “Ninety,” there was a pause, and the auctioneer began his customary:
“Going once...”
“One hundred,” said Bernardo, in a loud voice he hardly recognized as his own.
“And fifty,” came from a nasal tone in the front ranks.
“Two hundred,” said Bernardo.
The other bidder continued to raise him until Bernardo said “Six hundred.”  Then the nasal tones were heard no more.
“We have six hundred,” said the auctioneer, “Going once going twice...”
“Seven hundred,” came from a musical voice.
All heads were turned in the direction of the new bidder. Bernardo did not have to turn around; he knew well enough whose voice it was. He had turned deathly pale. Gritting his teeth, he sat bolt upright, and in defiant tones shouted to the auctioneer, “One thousand florins.”
“And five hundred,” came the equally defiant female voice from the bidder in the rear.
“Two thousand,” said Bernardo.
“And five hundred,” was the reply.
The bidding continued to ten thousand florins. At this point the auctioneer leant forward, and addressing Bernardo, said: “Unless some arrangement is very soon entered into I cannot keep all these gentlemen waiting. We shall have to proceed with the sale.”
“Do you hold my bid?” said Bernardo. “I said 'Ten thousand florins.'“
“Twenty thousand,” said Contessa d'Forte quietly, as if she were talking of copper coins.
“Twenty thousand florins,” said the auctioneer, “for a pair of bears.” He paused and cleared his throat. “Both this gentleman and this lady are quite unknown to me. I shall need a guarantee from each of you that the money will be paid when one of you gives up, otherwise I must refuse to have the valuable time of these other gentlemen taken up with this contest any longer. In the meantime, the last bid of twenty thousand holds good.”
Bernardo was about to object, when he felt a hand gently lay on his arm. He turned to face his enemy, who certainly at that moment, did not seem very formidable. “Contessa,” he said, “Why are you doing this?”
“Ah, my dear sweet Bernardo, we seem to be at odds, you and I. Suppose we have a few moments' armistice; will you accept the white flag?”
Bernardo gave her a faint nod.
“We have evidently both set our hearts on having those bears. I wonder if your motive is as pure as my own?” Bernardo bristled, but she continued. “Those bears were entrusted to me by a friend; they were lost while in my care. I wish to be the one to restore them to him, even if it has to cost me half my fortune.”
“Anya,” replied Bernardo, “I honor your motive, but these bears were originally entrusted to my master, the Ambassador, by the Marquessa herself. They shall be restored to His Lordship. I intend to see to it.”
“Ah!” said the Contessa sneeringly, “you wish to claim a reward.”
“Yes, Anya, that is my intention.”
“Then let me propose a solution. I will promise you a bigger reward than you could ever receive from the Ambassador.”
He ignored her. “Thirty thousand for that pair of bears,” he shouted to the auctioneer.
“Bernardo, please,” said Contessa d'Forte excitedly, “could we not share those bears? Must you have them both?”
For a moment Bernardo hardly followed what she proposed. He looked half dazed at the Contessa, who continued eagerly: “There are two bears there; one is slightly damaged, the other quite whole. I will abandon you the one if you will let me have the other. That way we shall share the honor of presenting the recovered treasures to His Lordship. I suppose, being the lady, I might have the one with the undamaged eyes?”
Bernardo suddenly realized what was she saying? The undamaged bear? He to have the scratched one? Why, that was the one that held his papers, and she wished for the other. Perfect! He was saved! “Yes, yes; I agree. You shall have the one, the best one of the two; leave me the scratched one.” 
Taking Contessa d'Forte's hand, he dragged her through the crowd to the auctioneer's desk where the bears were displayed. But when the Contessa had a closer look at the twin bears, she stepped back, her eyes wide with fear and dismay. The bears were twins indeed, for, in the rough handling of the last few weeks, the eyes of both were scratched.
The Contessa’s reticence had Bernardo’s attention and he hadn’t noticed the condition of the bears. “Why don't you take it?” he asked. I will pay for them both.” He took a large bundle of bank notes from his purse and forced them into the hand of the astonished auctioneer. Contessa d'Forte, now doing her best to appear calm, feverishly seized one of the two bears, wildly hoping it was the right choice, and hurried from the room.
Bernardo only saw a bear with a scratched eye that he hoped still contained his secret papers. He grasped the bear with a wild feeling of exultation, and carried it back to his hostelry. Once there, and with his door securely locked, he pulled the tab hidden in the fur of the bear’s belly. There were the papers resting within the depths of the receptacle. With trembling hands, he took them out, but then he felt a nameless dread when he realized these were not the ones he had fought for so valiantly. It was not until an hour afterwards, when he heard Vito's heavy step on the stairs that he succeeded in overcoming his deep despair.
Vito rapped and tried Bernardo's door, but finding it locked, had gone away again. Bernardo did not want to see him; he was beginning to think, and think he must alone, in peace, without fear, and with complete calm. He took up the papers that had seemingly replaced those of the committee and examined them. Before reading very far he realized what he was holding--the secret reports of the Contessa’s activities while spying for the Duke in Monterre!
This meant the Contessa, an agent of the Mondragan government, held the papers of the committee. But in exchange he, Bernardo, held what would brand her as a spy and could bring the downfall of her elevated social stance with all its glamour and glitter and political access. If it were made known that her papers had fallen into the wrong hands, the Duke would wreak vengeance upon her for her carelessness.
Although the committee’s fate was in her power, the fair Contessa’s fate was equally in their power. 
There was a light knock on the door and Bernardo knew it was the maid. He opened it and accepted a pink, scented note.

CHAPTER 21
The Final Agreement

Dear Bernardo,
I’m sure you were expecting to hear from me. Surely the receipt of this letter will cause you no surprise. We seem to be at each other's mercy. You must see that it will serve no purpose to continue our duel. Shall we exchange our bears tonight at my hostelry? I dine at 7.30. 
Yours, Contessa Anya d'Forte.

Bernardo read and reread the little pink note in his hand until he knew its brief contents by heart. It was a triumph for Bernardo. She had spoken truly; it would not serve either of their purposes to continue the duel.

Dear Anya,
Tonight at 7.30 o'clock, I will gladly accept your gracious invitation, and trust that our entente will change into friendship over dinner. 
I am your humble and devoted servant, Bernardo.

He gave the maid this note for delivery and got cleaned up. He decided to purposely evade Vito. He did not wish to deal with him until he could give him the treasonous papers.

CHAPTER 22
The Competition Ends
 And so it was, that on that cool evening of May, dining before a crackling log in the fireplace, the two erstwhile opponents discussed their mutual adventures on the trail of the missing bears. With great relief they exchanged the incriminating papers.
“You can trust my discretion; your secret is safe,” Bernardo promised.
Anya held his hand and solemnly told him his secrets would always be safe with her. Something passed between them—a bond perhaps from the shared setbacks they had endured. They looked into each other’s eyes and knew there was more than just friendship in their future.
In the days ahead they continued to see a lot of each other. Bernardo abandoned the committee and its cause. The Contessa resigned from the Duke’s spy service but continued her flamboyant life style in the whirl of high society.
When Duchess Emma finally got delivery of her stuffed bears, she was delighted. She had them cleaned up with new bright button eyes until they were once more the white identical twins—side by side on her bedroom shelf by the magnificent leaded windows facing the palace courtyard below.

THE  END



