Copyright © 2000 J. W. Irelan
http://www.jeanneirelan.com/ 

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.









THE MOHO PROVISO

By 

JEANNE IRELAN

										











Acknowledgments
Bob Beaver, geologist and friend, for suggesting the premise of this story, based on his knowledge of both the contra-theory for hydrocarbon formation and the original government expedition.
The staff at Vanderbilt Dyer Observatory for taking the time, graciously given, to explain the layout of the observatory and the method and record-keeping as applied to the novel.
The late Dr. Joseph Watlington, for his verification on the accuracy of the astronomical information expressed in the novel.
Members of The Writers Group at Volunteer State Community College, particularly Betty Nelson, Dan Jewell, Al Lawler, Janet Blecha, and David Flynn, who through the years have given their fair, helpful and well considered critiques.






 1

Houston, April 1980
	Mackenzie walked into Fowler’s domain as he’d done hundreds of times before when summoned.  His firm, athletic stride was muffled by a carpet of a luxurious denseness, but Fowler’s secretary didn’t miss his entry even though she was obviously immersed in her work.  Nora Belvedere looked up from what seemed to be a stack of certificates and gave him her professional smile.  She hurriedly put her work aside and beat him to the doors of the president’s office.
	Massive bronze things.  More of Fowler’s trophies, Mackenzie knew, these brought from some trip to the Middle East.   Nora pulled one of the brass handle rings.  The door glided open on silent hinges.
	“Mr. Fox is expecting you,” she said grandly, extending her hand with the perfect rosy nails.  She also had prominent teeth and wore stylish suits, all of which added up to an elegant gorgon.
	Fowler had called the meeting at an inconvenient time.  Mackenzie had been finishing up his lecture notes for the graduate seminar on petroleum geology at the university.  Class began at six o’clock.  Now he had to attend this impromptu meeting that couldn’t be ignored.  He’d checked his watch before leaving his office.  Not quite four o’clock.  Knowing the president of Gravely and Fox Drilling as he did, the subject of the meeting might be of great consequence.  It might also be simply the spilling over of ideas from Fowler’s brain, always brimming with suggestions, schemes, anxieties.  He liked to have a convenient sounding board at the ready.
	Fowler was seated behind the polished black marble slab that served as his work center.  It was as clean of papers as an altar for sacrifice.  But it was not to be a private meeting.  To each side of Fowler, Jeremy Willis and Leo Danzig sat like acolytes waiting on the priest to begin the service.  Mackenzie nodded to his colleagues and waited for the ceremonies to begin.  He smiled inwardly at the thought of Fowler as priest, a very earthy one, to be sure, with his square jaw, fleshy nose, his florid face, the result of rich foods and regular doses of Jack Daniels. 
	Fowler Fox placed his hands on his table top and pressed down as if doing isometric exercises.  “Sit down, Mac.”  He waited until Mackenzie got situated in the chair he designated for him.  It was directly opposite Fowler.  
  	“I just got word from my friend in Washington about a little situation that’ll affect us.”  He intoned the words in his high pitched voice, now a little strident.  He removed a cigar from his breast pocket and squeezed it gently between meaty fingers. 
	“Which is--?” Mac watched with bland interest as Fowler applied a gold cigar cutter to begin the slow and complicated operation of getting a cigar well lighted.  Working for Fowler for fourteen years as first Chief Geologist and then Vice President of Exploration had honed many qualities, not the least of which was patience with Fowler’s habits.
	“We’re going to be faced with the threat of a new oil embargo.  It hasn’t been announced yet.  I just got the call.  The upshot is, the U.S. and our western allies plus Japan will soon have their balls in a vise.”
	OPEC again.  It was the familiar scare tactic, but as Fowler related the terms of the threat, one with a chilling difference. 
	 “The U. S. of A. and its allies can expect an embargo unless they help to satisfy the craving of the Arab nations to eliminate Israel as a sovereign state.  No limited objectives this time, nothing about occupied zones.”  
	It sounded as if they meant business--with the U. S. caught in the middle, Fowler went on.  The demands were outrageous and if the U. S. acquiesced in the interests of oil economics would sound the death knell to Israel’s security.  Mainly, there was to be no support with materiel like weapons or planes, no economic support--or the free world would be cut off from OPEC oil indefinitely.  The Mideast suppliers could manage just fine supplying the Soviet bloc countries and the Far East until the West gave in and let Israel fight on its own.	
  	“We didn’t do too badly in ‘73 off that embargo,” said Jeremy Willis cautiously, swiveling his long neck from Fowler to the others.  His head jerked a couple of times with a nervous tic.  Tall and lean, the Vice President of Finance frequently gave Mackenzie the unfortunate impression of an agitated snake.  But, Mackenzie considered, the man never seemed to get agitated over the right things.  
	“Oil prices will shoot up even more,” Willis continued hopefully, “which should help us out in the long run.”
	“Why would they embargo us now?” asked Leo Danzig.  The Research and Development chief exhibited his usual blinking perplexity about world affairs.  His domain was in equipment and experiments to the exclusion of almost everything else.  “There’s an oil glut.  Right?”
	Fowler snorted.  “They’ve got the glut, my friend, not us!  We like to think we’re so fucking independent, but we’re not, and our allies definitely are not.  The Arab oil cartel needs to play its trump card while it’s still strong enough.”
	Leo sat back in his chair, which was a little out of the circle and unscrewed his pen.  At least ten years older than Mackenzie and Jeremy, with a graying crew cut and in shirt sleeves, he seemed less a member of an executive team than an inattentive clerk there to record the meeting.  He fiddled with his Mont Blanc, scratching at a note pad on his lap and then fishing out a spare cartridge from his breast pocket. 
	Fowler, however, seemed oblivious to Leo’s manipulations and with his bright blue eyes, as cold as marble, was looking back and forth at Jeremy and Mackenzie for their responses.
	“So how are the negotiators going to handle it?” Mackenzie asked.  He was vaguely aware of Leo’s movements out of the corner of his eye–his notepad slipping off his lap, testing the point of his pen on the back of his hand, fingering the old cartridge.  He finally put it in his pocket. 
	“The details I got are sketchy, but I understand the State Department is very worried.”  
	Fowler rolled the end of his cigar in the ashtray.  He lifted his eyes to the ceiling as if reading a message inscribed there and said out loud what everyone knew:  The oil producing countries had economic leverage over the non-oil producing Arabs.  What they decided was law.  The crisis was probably precipitated by the radical religious element with their organized opposition to the non-Muslim world, spearheaded by the fanatic Muslim sect, the Shiites.
	“Otherwise known to the West as the Shits.”  Fowler spread his wide mouth in a grin but sobered up instantly.  “The moderates seem to be going along with them.”
	“’The enemy of my enemy is my friend,’” quoted Mackenzie softly.  Holy War.  What the West feared most from that region of the world.  The Saudis, the self-proclaimed leader of OPEC, wouldn’t mind if the Jihad began.  They’d been quite vocal in their hatred of Israel.  With the choice between Israel or oil, and the Soviets lurking behind the scenes, the U. S. and her allies were caught between a rock and a hard place.  Would–could–the administration actually let Israel disappear after all the years of support?  Hard to believe.  Yet nothing like this threat to the U. S. economy had ever come up as a wedge between the two nations.  
	But there was business to be attended to.  
	Fowler looked at Mackenzie. “See to a status report on the company’s rigs operating in the Mid East.”  
	Mackenzie nodded.  “Egypt will probably be a neutral port.  It could come in handy if we need to shore up our rigs with more security.”
	Fowler was on his feet pouring drinks at the inlaid cabinet.  He handed Mackenzie his Chivas Regal and water.
	“Any changes at our domestic drilling sites?”  Mackenzie asked.  He took a large pull of the drink.  Ordinarily, he wouldn’t touch alcohol before driving to class.  He’d take this one drink, though.  He needed it.  His scalp was beginning to prickle as he contemplated the implications of this threat.  He sipped the smooth Scotch, feeling oddly detached from business concerns.  He half-noted Fowler’s suggestions as he formulated what he must say to his boss after the others left.  
	Fowler walked around with the glasses, the excellent host, Jeremy’s vodka and tonic, Leo’s Perrier.  
	“I think,” he said, “we have to be prepared for the long haul.  Increased exploration, deeper drilling, you know the routine.  We’ll need some relief from Washington, though, on the regulations.”  He wheeled around and pointed a finger as large as his cigar at Mackenzie.
	“Mac, you need to talk to Sanderson with the oil and gas lobby in Washington.”  
	Mackenzie expected that.  Even if the negotiators were to soften the demands of OPEC, there was bound to be a public outcry for less dependence on imported oil.  Realistically, they could figure the U. S. would try to hold out as long as possible.  The Jewish lobby soon would be putting serious pressure on government officials.  But OPEC wouldn’t cave in quickly--maybe never.
	“How about a contingency budget, Fowler?” asked Willis.  “Our priorities may shift, and we’ll need to plan how to allocate our resources.”   
	“Good, good.”  Then he turned to the engineer, raising his voice, as if to a child.  “Also, Leo, I want that butterfly drill bit field tested and ready to go.  We’ll probably be going deeper than ever.  How’s the new Blowout Preventer coming?”
	“Oh, it’s coming, Fowler.  You had a great idea there.  I’ve got Jeffrey Barron on it.  He’s a good man.”
	Fowler drained his glass of neat whiskey in several gulps.  	“Any questions?” he asked without interest.  As usual, he’d thoroughly mapped out what he considered the real concerns.
	Jeremy and Leo stood up like good lieutenants.  As Jeremy left, he cast a baleful glance at Mackenzie, who had remained seated.
	“You can’t seriously think we’d let Israel go down the tubes?” asked Mackenzie after the doors closed behind the others.  As he spoke the measured words, he wondered if Fowler understood the implications of the specific use of “we” rather than the United States.
	Fowler raised his shoulders and spread his hands; the gesture looked curiously Eastern.  “Why not?  Eventually it will come to that.  The West and Japan can’t do without oil.  We’re not going to fight the Soviets over it either--won’t risk offending their Arab friends.  Face it.  Israel as a sovereign state was bound to fail sooner or later.” 
	“What happens when Israel starts fighting back?” 
	“I suppose it will come to that.”  Fowler gave a snort of contempt.  “They still think they’re the superpower of the Mid East.  Oh, they’re building a nuclear arsenal, sure, but it won’t do them much good.  Be blown to smithereens if they try anything.  As far as conventional weapons, without U. S. arms and assistance backing them, they won’t hold out for long.  Their economy is to the hilt now.  They could never support full scale war by themselves.”
	“And then, after Israel is ‘eliminated,’ who will the Jihad target for its next victim?”
	“They wouldn’t dare touch the rest of us.  They’ll still need western technology, even if some of their idiot leaders want to crawl back into the twelfth century.  Israel’s always been the real thorn in their side.”
	Fowler leaned back with a pleased expression.  “Hell, if we finally drop Israel, we might even get back to the good times we had during the twenties and thirties.  We brought those sand niggers into the modern world and they loved us for it.”  He gave a whinny of laughter. 
	Mackenzie wondered if Fowler had begun to slope off into senility.  But no, this was the consummate Fowler, looking to profit from any situation.  He gave his boss a stony look instead of a smile of bonhomie.  He would have to say the words to him, after all.
	“Well, then,” said Fowler, rubbing his hands together, a dry, whisking sound.  His cigar lay in the large stone ashtray, its smoke pluming to the upper reaches of the room.  “I think that’s all for now.  We’ll talk more later about details.”
	“It’s not quite all.”  Now or never.  He’d caved in before at the time of the earlier embargo, but this was too much to swallow.  
	Fowler looked closely at Mackenzie and suddenly seemed to lose his energy and sink in his chair.  The impeccable lines of his pearl gray silk suit crumpled into baggy, bulging disorder.  He looked every bit his sixty-eight years.  
	“All right, Mac, what’s wrong?  You look as low as granny’s ass.  I knew something was wrong.”
	“How the hell am I supposed to feel?”
	Mackenzie stood up and went to the glass wall that extended from one end of the room to the other.  Stretching out for miles was the distinctive and impressive skyline of Houston, as single-minded a city as any he knew.  This city and the oil industry, a considerable part of the country’s industrial high-tech complex, were built on doing business with the right people.  He was part of the system and basically approved of it.  Things had a way of sorting themselves out for the general good.  But Fowler’s response to this impending crisis wasn’t good enough and it was up to him to make his boss see the truth and act on it.
	“I can’t go along with the reasoning,” he said, finally, turning toward Fowler, “not when you and I know how to stop the oil cartel from making this sort of threat--any sort of threat.  They can’t be allowed to control the fate of Israel based on their oil supremacy, for God’s sake.”
	Fowler looked at Mackenzie but didn’t speak.
	“I mean, dammit, the Moho!”
	“I know what you meant, Mac.”  
	Fowler clasped his hands tightly and began to knead them like a wad of dough.  “When are you going to forget about the Moho once and for all?”  His voice was reproachful, almost pleading.  “I think I know you so well, and then you say something stupid like that.  You know the subject wasn’t ever going to come up again.”
	“My God, Fowler, what will it take for you to consider it?  How many people have to suffer--die, even, before we release the information?  Would you let a country be annihilated?”
	“Sit down, Mac!”  Blotches of red stood high on his cheeks. “Would you like to be one of the first to suffer if we spill the beans?”
	Mackenzie sat down but barely listened.  Fowler’s reminders of what he’d be risking were close to his heart.  He’d already considered what it would mean if his income were suddenly cut, his work suspended--maybe indefinitely.  With disclosure, the company, which played a key role in the expedition, would take the brunt of it.  Thousands would suffer from the loss of jobs or the services and products now provided. 
	Fowler stood up again, squaring his thick shoulders as he recited the familiar litany.  “We built this company, Gravely and I, starting with one used steam rig in 1927.  Now we have five wholly-owned subsidiaries, a drilling school for rig hands, and most important, the respect of the industry.  Do you want to be the instrument that destroys all that?”
	“But if we come clean, the public wouldn’t necessarily take revenge for our actions, would they?  The conditions aren’t the same as they were in 1967.”
	“Hell, no, not the same.  Worse.”  
	Fowler threaded his way through the obvious--that oil was up past thirty dollars a barrel, and that was to their advantage.  But it was the nature of the Moho that was the problem.  
	“If any nation only needs to drill one hole to supply themselves with oil, Gravely and Fox, not to mention other drilling companies, will be kaput.”
	Mackenzie remained silent, gritting his teeth.  Let him have his say.  
	“We’re in the hole drilling business, remember,” Fowler added with a fierce frown.  “Also, if the conspiracy came to light don’t think the public would forgive us.  Not on your life!  There’d be a congressional investigation–they authorized the exploration project in the first place, you know.  All the shit’d  be exposed.  We’d be hung, drawn, and quartered.”
 	Mackenzie tried again.  His palms were damp with anxiety.  Not since that first confrontation thirteen years earlier had he felt so desperate to convince the old man.  
	“But we weren’t alone.  The President of the United States, Fowler!”
	“Doesn’t matter a whit.  You, me, Leo would still be disgraced, probably go to jail.  Gravely is safe in the nursing home.  Doesn’t know his ass from his elbow.  The CIA bloke--no fear, and he’s retired besides.  Elkins, the President’s man, died last year, but our poor late President’s name would be forever besmirched.”  Fowler’s voice took on a mournful quality.  “He’s been reviled enough.  I couldn’t stand to see his memory tarnished because of me.”  Mackenzie turned away, embarrassed at the performance, and began to pace.  He’d rather not track the lone tear that might be squeezed from Fowler’s eye.  
	“We’ve been over this before, Fowler, during the ‘73-‘74 embargo, and I know your position, but surely there must be some way to use the resources of the Moho against the Arabs.  They have to know they’re not indispensable.” 
	“Frankly, Mac, it’s simply not in our interests to release the information, not economically, politically, or legally.  That’s the long and short of it.”
	“But how about morally, Fowler?”  The question hung in the air for several seconds and Mackenzie wondered if this little nudge would hit home.	
	Fowler took out a spotless handkerchief, blew his nose loudly, and replaced it in his breast pocket.  “Mac, your life is going real good.  Think about it for a minute.”  He paused and sat back in his chair contemplating Mackenzie.
	It was true.  Fowler didn’t have to itemize.  Tricia had seemed happy for once, satisfied with the generous alimony; Rick would be traveling in Europe this summer, then back to MIT in the fall; Mackenzie’s own prestige in the oil business couldn’t be higher; his social life seemed at its apex: Fowler had recently put him up for membership at River Oaks Country Club, and he just might well get in this year to that prestigious club.  Was this what he had given up his integrity to achieve?  He guessed it had been.  What price conscience? 
	Fowler, sensing Mackenzie’s mental debate, gave him a comradely wink.  “You’re in a pretty good spot to take over the helm when I decide to retire.  And that could be soon, very soon. Don’t you know enough not to rock the boat?”  
	His bright blue eyes seemed to bore holes into Mackenzie’s own.  It was a scene not unlike the one conducted in Fowler’s little guest cabin aboard the Neptune Challenger, the state-of-the-art drill ship. Their conversation, like all conversations on board, had to rise above the constant muffled roar of four stabilizing thrusters that held the ship to a nearly immovable point on the ocean off the California coast.   Thirteen years ago the conversation took place, though in Mackenzie’s memory it was as vivid as if it had taken place yesterday.
	
	They had been arguing, or rather Fowler had taken the time to override Mackenzie’s objections that the news of the discovery couldn’t be told.
	“Keep it under wraps?” Mackenzie sputtered, incredulous.  As Project Geologist, only one year on the job and fresh from a four-year stint in the Navy, Mackenzie was keenly aware of his low status with the Vice President of Gravely and Fox.  Still, he felt a certain confidence from being selected for the expedition and inspired by the significance of the discovery to speak his piece.  Of course, this sort of scientific enterprise was for political purposes, not for enhancing the coffers of Gravely and Fox, so a junior geologist would have been the perfect choice to be a dogs body for the powers that be.  But he had to try, so he calmed himself and began to marshal his best arguments and presented them to his boss.
	“This proves it, Fowler; our find upsets the textbook theories.  Believe me when I say that with this information, the academics will have to recant their theory of fossil degeneration as the source of oil.  It’s an incredible discovery.  And weren’t we sponsored by the National Science Foundation to do exactly what we did?”
	“Not quite.  We were hoping to prove the negative.”   Fox stood up in the tiny cabin, reserved for his occasional visits from Houston.  “Damn this low ceiling,” he muttered, keeping his head slightly bowed.  The boots he always wore elevated him even more above the average man.  “Nobody needs to know we’ve disproved the accepted geological theory.”
	He walked to the porthole and looked at the sea, which seemed to have grown muscles as heavy weather threatened.  “I gotta get out of here pronto.  You, too, and Leo.  I want both you boys to come to Washington with me.  We’ll pick up Mr. Gravely and our things in Houston and take the first flight out.  We’ve got a meeting with the President, a private meeting.” 
	Fowler then turned to Mackenzie and calmly looked into his eyes, eyes that must have revealed his confusion and anger.  The big man said nothing more but simply stared him down.  No wonder, Mackenzie thought, he had a reputation of intimidating anyone who opposed him--from congressmen to caliphs.  End of discussion.  On to plan B. 
	“You’ve got a good future ahead of you, boy,” Fowler threw over his shoulder as he exited the cabin.  “I’m glad you see our problem for what it is.”
	Subsequently, the events took on the quality of a dream with Mackenzie as Fowler’s puppet doing what he knew had to be done.  He’d always wondered if he’d been taken along for corporate glory--and incidently becoming Fowler’s fair haired boy--for playing his part so well through the years.  Or was it because Fowler actually appreciated his talents?  He could never be quite sure.
	Now in Fowler’s office, Mackenzie closed his eyes for a moment, acknowledging defeat again--at least for the time being.  He’d lived for the last thirteen years with a secret sense of himself as the next thing to a kept woman.  Ambitious, yes, from the time of his college years, but he never thought he’d have to sacrifice integrity to get the things he and Tricia had talked about.  The good life--that was their plan and oil would be the ticket.  They’d met at Kansas U. and married shortly after graduation and Mackenzie’s commissioning into the Navy.  His service had been an interruption in his plans, but without ROTC he couldn’t have afforded a university education, so they both patiently waited until the right opportunity came along. 
	Later, he discovered Tricia had evidently wanted more that the luxuries he been able to provide in the years with Gravely and Fox.  What she wanted had never been made absolutely clear, however, and Mackenzie had schooled himself to not dwell on such a painful matter.  He prided himself on his Midwestern emotional control, which Tricia professed to despise.  Speculation after the fact was a useless, frustrating piece of work.  Not for him.
	With Mackenzie relinquishing his argument–for the moment, Fowler clapped a paternal hand on his subordinate’s shoulder.  They stood eye to eye.  “I’ve been real proud of you, Mac.  I don’t know what I’d have done without you all these years.” 
*
	Mackenzie got a drink of water at the fountain while waiting for the elevator.  His mouth was dry and had a bad taste.  Couldn’t have been the Scotch.
	When the elevator door opened, he saw Leo standing alone.  They both nodded but didn’t speak as Mackenzie got on and stood next to him.  They watched the numbers flash by.  The elevator was an executive express for the thirty-third and thirty-fourth floors. 
	Poor Leo.  He’d done all right at Gravely and Fox under Fowler’s patronage, but those who worked closely with him knew him to be inadequate in all but the most routine work.  When Mackenzie first met him before he took up his duties aboard the Neptune Challenger, Mackenzie attributed Leo’s weakness, his uncertainty, to a mind-set quite different from Mackenzie’s.  But in the close quarters of the drill ship, he’d found the engineer be to exactly what he seemed--Fowler’s tool and quite valuable in his inadequacies for Fowler’s purposes.
	 He’d played his part sufficiently well to seemingly become one of Fowler’s chosen.  At the moment of crisis, when the ship and all aboard were threatened with extinction, Leo had come through, however haltingly, to save the Neptune Challenger and, ironically, to validate the doomed project.  It was the most frightening event Mackenzie had ever witnessed:
	
	A warning light had begun to flash intermittently on Fowler’s and Mackenzie’s faces as they stood together in the glassed-in control room of the drill ship.  It seemed to keep time to the blare of a horn as insistent as a bleat of pain.  They turned in unison to the heat and pressure gauges that were blinking and oscillating.  To twenty-nine-year-old Mac Haber, this was the geologist’s nightmare come alive.
	For months the always present threat of a well gone out of control hung over the ship with each bite of earth.  They were at a great depth, over 24,000 feet beneath the bottom of the ocean off the California coast.  Only beyond the land mass and well into the ocean depths was the crust of the earth thin enough to attempt such a drilling project.   It was deeper than any sea drilling had gone before to that magically mysterious and hitherto unexplored region between the crust and mantel of the earth, the Mohorovichic discontinuity.  
	Not since 1909 when Croatian seismologist Andrija Mohorovichic, while tracking seismic waves, discovered an anomaly in the area between crust and mantel had anyone ever breeched what he eventually termed the discontinuity.  In this space all around the earth, both the Primary and Secondary waves changed velocity, suggesting a material other than rock, and then resumed the usual speed when entering the mantel.  Now, the Neptune Challenger had finally penetrated this area.  It was a risky drilling project, to be sure, and no one had expected it to be completely uneventful, though Mackenzie had been aware of some scientists’ speculations that hydrocarbons indeed comprised the Moho.  Certainly, only a very few had predicted they might hit the grand daddy of oil wells, and now, that was what seemed to be happening.
	This was Mackenzie’s first try at handling the threat of a blowout, a dreaded prospect for all petroleum geologists and engineers.  He switched off the horn and got onto the intercom to  the toolpusher on the drilling floor, who he could see was frantically sweating it out with the crew as they combated the rising deep earth pressure.
	“What’s your mud weight, Joe?”
	“Sixteen pounds per gallon.”
	“Get it up to nineteen, quick!”
	Joe Scudder’s sunburned face creased into furrows of doubt.  But as an experienced drilling floor supervisor, he didn’t have to be told twice.  He gave a wave of assent and led several men to the mud tanks to prepare the heavier density mud.  Time.  That’s what they needed to determine the extent of the problem and how to correct it.
	“Where’s Danzig?” Fox growled.  
	Mackenzie looked out over the drilling floor and saw the engineer appear at a flight of stairs leading from the bottom of the vessel.  He spent most of his time there, tinkering with the engines.  He bounded to the console and entered breathless.
	“Is it trying to blow?” he asked needlessly, scanning the gauges.  “What have you done for it, Mac?”
	“Mud weight to nineteen.  It should take Joe about fifteen minutes.”
	“We’ll never make it.  Look at that pressure!”
	“Can you recommend anything else?” Fox asked sarcastically.
	“The temperature’s been rising too,” Mackenzie noted.  “Up to nearly 300 Fahrenheit.  That complicates things.”  His mind was racing.  Too heavy mud could crack the formation rock and instigate a blowout.  But it just might work.
	Danzig turned to him.  “It’s going to blow!”
	“No, by God,” Fox said with deliberate emphasis, “it won’t.”
	All three men looked out onto the floor.  Joe and several floor hands were at work at the mud tanks, but all other activity had stopped.  The men stood quietly waiting, not from bravado, but because there was no place to go.  If the well blew, the explosive force could break up the ship in a matter of minutes.  The drilling mud had started to surge around the huge kelly bushing at the mouth of the well.  Unable to restrain the increasing pressure and temperature, it was pulsating with a steady, menacing beat.  Leo Danzig checked the dial again.
	“It’s past 15,000 psi.”
	“How high could it go?” Fox asked him.  “Should we use the Blowout Preventer now?”
	Danzig didn’t answer but gave a brief, uncertain look at Mackenzie.  The geologist was watching the gauge as it rode even higher with its rocketing cargo of energy.  It was now registering 18,000 pounds per square inch and still climbing.
	“Oil and gas flooding the well bore,” Fox muttered. “I still can’t believe it.”
	Mackenzie concentrated on watching the progress of the needle with occasional glances at the drill floor.  Within a few minutes it had passed 20,500 psi with a corresponding push of mud above the bushing.  Joe was signaling that the heavier mud was nearly ready, but would it be soon enough?
	“We won’t be able to hold it, Fowler,” Mac said tensely.  Everything he’d learned about extracting from deep reserves seemed worthless at the moment.  They were making history.
	“The Blowout Preventer?” 
	Fowler had no sooner spoken than a fountain of viscous mud and oil spewed from the well with the force of a bomb.  It was starting to go.  Clouds of steam shot above the ship like the spume of a whale.  Crewmen tried to back away from the torrent but were instantly covered with mud and oil.  Joe Scudder ran to turn on the valve that would carry the flow to the recovery tank.
	Leo Danzig seemed frozen in place with clenched fists at his sides. 
	“Close the goddamned BOP rams,” Fowler shouted at Leo.
	At the command, the engineer leaped out of the console to a nearby control panel containing the hydraulic system for the Blowout Preventer.  He switched on the motor, which gave out a deep throated roar that vibrated within the control room, and maneuvered the gears that would activate the experimental equipment.  Although developed for this very purpose, the BOP had never been field tested to control this much force, not an unusual circumstance.
	The console door stood open, and they caught the unmistakable odor of the gases associated with crude oil.  Then the BOP gears meshed and the grating sound of steel on steel signaled the movement of the mechanism.
	Thirty agonizing seconds passed before the men in the console felt the impact of the giant set of jaws, the equivalent size of several stories, closing the space between drilling steel and casing on the ocean floor.  The mud pump gauge began to fall until it finally registered zero.  “Thank God it worked,” Fox rasped.  He took out a handkerchief and wiped his sweating face. 
	Mackenzie didn’t reply but continued to monitor the dials that registered the newly blocked force.  The threat from the mud pump pressure had ended, but his immediate concern was the shut-in pressure deep within the earth.
	It had slowed its climb and was crawling upward in hairline degrees by the time Danzig returned to the console.
	“It’s leveling off at 15,000,” said Mackenzie.
	Leo smiled wanly at Fox.  “We made it.”
	Mackenzie, too, looked at his superior.  Fox’s face was blotchy as he seemed to struggle with conflicting emotions.  No one spoke until Joe Scudder entered the room with pieces of the exuded rock.  Mackenzie thanked Scudder as he went back to the floor and then took the samples to his small lab along one wall of the console.  
	“No doubt about it,” he said finally.  “This looks as good as any samples I’ve seen in the oil fields.  The rock chips are saturated.”  
	Fowler didn’t answer but looked pensively onto the drill floor.  Then he turned to Leo and snapped, “Well, what are you waiting for?  Put in a call for the wireline company to come by and get set up.”

	As the elevator sank in space, Mackenzie contemplated his colleague.  Leo’s future had been secure because of his role in the discovery.  He was a weak man, but weak men could be led.  He came to a decision.  Not once since the shameful meeting in Washington thirteen years ago had the subject come up between them.  No one could say the conspiracy hadn’t worked.
	“Leo,” he said, having to clear his throat, “I wanted to ask your opinion about this oil crisis.”
	“Oh, not me, Mac.  You know I don’t keep up with politics much.  Just do my little job.”  He gave the elevator buttons a nervous grin.
	“This concerns you.  It’s about . . . the agreement we made after our work on the Neptune Challenger.”
	“Mac!”  Leo looked around as if the elevator had ears.  “You know we were never to mention that.  Why, I’d practically forgotten it.”  He clutched his briefcase and prepared to step out into the back hallway as the doors opened.  A few people were emerging from other elevators but moving fast toward the parking area doors.
	“Oh, did you now?”  Mackenzie kept pace with the fast moving Leo.  “Maybe the time’s come to give it some more thought.”  He spoke softly into Leo’s ear.  “Israel’s under a real threat and so is the world economy.  Don’t you feel any obligation at all?  We’ve got it in our power to do something.”
	“Do something?  I don’t quite understand, Mac.”  Leo marched through the building doors into the parking pavilion, closely followed by Mackenzie.  In the dusky light, Leo stopped and took Mackenzie’s arm and led him between two cars.  “We don’t have any choice in keeping quiet, do we, Mac?  What does Fowler say?  Did you ask him?”
	Mackenzie shrugged.  “He said his position hasn’t changed.”  He grasped Leo’s shoulder.  “But it must, Leo.  Can’t we talk about it?”  
	Maybe there was a way to convince him.  “Confidentially, I’m pretty well assured of getting the presidency.  Fowler’s all but promised it to me, and you know he expects to retire sometime fairly soon.”
	“Really, Mac?  That’s great!”
	“If both of us presented evidence to the right people, we maybe could swing a deal, not be prosecuted.”
	Leo nodded.  “I’ll think about it, Mac.  I don’t like to go against Fowler, but if you take the lead--well, maybe.”  He backed toward his car, his words belying his intentions.
	Mackenzie watched him in helpless frustration as Leo unlocked the door and slipped inside quickly. He then went to his own car.  His silver Mercedes was parked a few cars away from Leo’s Continental.  He could see Leo remove his safety glasses and replace them with dark-tinted ones with gold-wire frames.  Leo drove off without a glance in Mackenzie’s direction.
	Scared shitless, but perhaps malleable.  He would try again to move Leo off the chosen path.
	He listened for a moment to the soft hum of his motor before driving off.  He switched on the air-conditioning full blast; he’d be damned if he’d stifle his conscience.  Not this time.  But he shouldn’t feel contemptuous of the quaking Leo.  Thirteen years ago both of them agreed to betray their professions, academic truth, the larger community, maybe even their country.  Now, for him, the price had simply gotten too high to bear.  Without giving it much thought, he vaguely realized he had stepped into a different and dangerous realm.  
	Mackenzie checked his car clock as he drove down the street, clogged with rush hour traffic.  Motorists had a tendency to pull out of parking spots with the daring of stock car drivers.  Even with the traffic, he should make it in plenty of time for his six o’clock class.  
	Tonight he would be summarizing the procedure he had invented five years earlier for evaluating the possibility of oil and gas deposits.  His students in the petroleum geology seminar would, he hoped, be interested in the procedure both for academic and practical reasons.  Gravely and Fox had stuck pretty much to drilling rather than exploration, but they’d been able to get a patent on Mackenzie’s non-seismic procedure and had licensed some of the larger producers to use the method.  The idea was paying off with some nice profits from licensing fees and royalties.  
	From the time he had begun his employment with the then fairly small drilling company, it had been nothing but expansion and prosperity.  Drilling contracts flooded in like the gushers they so frequently hit, thanks in large part to Project Moho.  Everyone in the business was aware of a government sponsored attempt to reach the Moho in the mid-1060s.  But it had come to a dead halt when the funding ran out.  Then some determined high mucky-muck at the National Science Foundation had convinced enough in Congress to allocate more funds for another try at the Moho.  As prime contractor of the second expedition, G and F had been put on the map.  Being part of the expedition was a  prestigious coup, but could not take the place of G and F’s real business–digging for productive wells.   Another more senior geologist employed by the firm was on those projects.  Mackenzie well understood his place.
	Still, Project Moho would help his own reputation as a geologist, and he’d welcomed the chance to improve his lot.  Who wouldn’t?  He was basically a small town Midwesterner, never quite comfortable with Texas swagger.  To friends, associates, even the employees, he must have seemed dull by comparison to the bombastic Fowler or old man Gravely with his sophisticated, country club manners.  Nonetheless, though he lived quietly by comparison, as the years went on and he had performed to Fowler’s satisfaction, he himself lived well.  He wondered now about his own good sense at his recent confrontation with his boss.  Who but a madman would buck Fowler?  He felt the weight of Fowler Fox’s power and disapproval hovering over him.  
	Not that Fowler never took his advice.  Mackenzie, from the beginning, had an ace up his sleeve with his superior education, his training in geo-technics.  Fowler had to take a back seat to that, though with his practical know-how the older man was on target with his decisions much of the time.  Mackenzie had worked hard to become the expert, overtaking the other geologist and ultimately replacing the failing Gravely, who had been a competent geologist as well as daring entrepreneur.  Mackenzie had disciplined his life to know more than anyone in the company about land drilling and off-shore geological formations.  He was good and Fowler knew it.  Still, in policy matters, Fowler reigned supreme.  Not always by brute force, either.  Mackenzie had seen the man work his will on boards of directors with canny, delicate maneuvers as if conducting an orchestra through a tricky passage.
	Even so, Fowler seemed more nervous than he would admit about the current crisis; but he wasn’t weakening from his position.  If he could just think of some way to make Fowler see the importance of doing the right thing.  Mackenzie had come to believe Fowler and he had more than a business relationship.  A suggestion of son and heir was apparent in his regard for Mackenzie.  And why not?  Fowler had no son of his own.  
	But underlying the seeming affection, interest, Fowler was all business.  If it came to a showdown between what was for the good of the company and a mere human attachment, Fowler wouldn’t hesitate to cut the bonds of friendship.  For years, Mackenzie had told himself that Fowler’s iron will was admirable.  It had gotten things accomplished that lesser men would have failed at.  Why now did he think Fowler would capitulate to Mackenzie’s pleas?
	Mackenzie recalled the strange meeting in the President’s office in 1967–seven men, including the stranger in the corner–CIA? FBI?  He had never been introduced.  Besides him, there was Elkins, the president’s Chief of Staff and old poker buddy of Fowler’s; the President, brow furrowed with concern; Fowler; old man Gravely; Leo; and himself.  Mackenzie had the hopeless sense that any attempt to bring out other considerations would fail and at the same time mark him as unreliable.  He and Leo had sat like schoolboys listening to the plans to cover up the findings.  Their project, according to the official report, would show it was terminated for “lack of scientific data.” 
	“The report will be falsified,” Elkins had said in a matter-of-fact tone, glancing at the President, who nodded approvingly, “and filed with the National Science Foundation.  You folks can take care of that, can’t you, make it believable?  The real record-- what do you call it?” he inquired of Fowler.
	“The wireline tape,” Fowler supplied.  
	“Yeah, well, it’ll be filed away Very Top Secret--just for insurance, you understand.”
	Mackenzie had understood.  There was to be no double-dealing, or the evidence could be trotted out to show complicity from not just the President and his staff, but from Gravely and Fox.  They were bound together in a compact of deceit.  Fowler had agreed without any objection.  Then Mackenzie knew why a neophyte geologist had been selected for this mission along with a chicken-hearted engineer.  They had suited the purposes of this small, select group of conspirators.  Never was the world to know that the mysterious region of the earth between the crust and the mantle contained a vast reserve of oil--the origin of all pools found in the world.
	“How can you guarantee,” Gravely asked the President, “that the project can be immediately halted?”
	“No problem.  I’ll call in a couple of my favorite congressmen and they’ll end it faster than a whore turning tricks.  It’s costs a hell of a lot, and,” he said with that open, disarming smile, “it’s been fruitless.  Right?”
	Everyone except Mackenzie had nodded sagely.  He didn’t like it, but no one was paying attention to him anyhow.  Their minds had been made up to secrecy, and the bogus report would clinch it.
	Mackenzie remembered Leo conducting the wireline test himself that day.  This would be the record that would verify their find:  latitude and longitude, date, time, depth, heat, pressure, and the composition of material along the way to the bottom of the crust as it entered the Moho.  After the wireline company had pulled alongside the drill ship, Fowler had explained to its engineer he’d use his own personnel to make a record of the data in the hole.  Leo was perfectly capable of connecting the various delicate sensors to the graphing mechanism but hadn’t up until then taken charge of the procedure.  In a surprisingly short time, the job was completed with no hitches.  Mackenzie watched as Fowler secured the thick, folded graph paper in the little iron safe in the ship’s console.
	“Make sure the safe goes with us to Houston,” he’d ordered Mackenzie.  That was the closest Mackenzie had ever come to laying hands on that record.
	  
	Mackenzie shifted the gears down and heard the motor hum to a slower revolutions per minute as he braked the 450 SL to let in a car ahead of him.  Most of the time, he’d agreed to Fowler handling the difficult choices, including some rather unsavory but not, he hoped, dishonest business deals.  He’d objected to certain decisions, and sometimes Fowler acquiesced to his point of view, but in the main, he gladly let Fowler run the show.
	But the Moho was different, always and forever different.  He could never really forget it or justify his complicity.  The secret had eroded his pride in himself as a scientist as well.  Even his discussions at his seminar seemed tainted as he spoke of traditional methods of extraction, knowing they would have been outmoded if the Moho was publicized.  If he couldn’t reveal the discovery  publically, he’d always had an urge to talk about it to someone, to share the excitement of the discovery and its possibilities.  But there had never been anyone.  Those involved wouldn’t discuss it;  Tricia had never known, never even suspected during the twelve years they had been married.  She wouldn’t have wanted to know.  	
	Briefly, he thought about his ex-wife.  They seldom spoke nowadays except to confer about their son.  His mind turned from Tricia to another woman.  She would be very interested in the findings at the Moho. 
*
	Leo Danzig, like Mackenzie, was also well on his way to his destination.  Anxiety was robbing him of the most enjoyable time of day for him.  The stereo was playing his favorite easy listening music, which usually relaxed him, but that conversation with Mac had really thrown him.  He felt as if he had been shoved in front of a gun.  He took some deep breaths and turned his head gingerly on a stiff neck.  This was the time of day when he could forget the agonies of his job--holding his own with Mac and Willis, keeping up with technological developments, managing personnel in his department.  
	He liked the drive on Allen Parkway, swinging into Kirby Drive, and then--a straight shot to San Felipe and on to his home in Tanglewood.  Mary had gone to visit her sister and see her parents at the retirement home in Dallas.  He relished the quiet of his den.
	His chest felt tight and he rubbed it, wondering if the hiatal hernia was acting up.  Stress would do that.  He felt sickish, his drive ruined.  He had hoped he wouldn’t have to worry any more about his part in the Moho expedition and what had transpired afterward.  It had taken him years to put that fateful time behind him.  Pray God the crisis would evaporate so Mac could let the matter fade away again.  
	He didn’t notice the car parked across the street from his house as he pulled in the driveway and drove down the long curving drive.  The garage door opened remotely at the touch of his finger.  The garage was neat with workbench and tool organizers.  He began to hum to himself as he wiped the dust from the car with a soft cloth, the activity soothing.  He was just about to enter through the kitchen when the side door to the garage opened and two men came in.
	“What--“ Leo stared, his slow, orderly mind trying to compute who they might be.  Insurance men?  Car trouble?
	“Let’s go inside, my friend,” said the darker of the two.  He wore a mustache; both were in summer weight suits.
	“Who are you?” he asked firmly, his hand still on the door knob.  But the man took his hand in an iron grip and pushed him into the kitchen.  
	Once inside, the other man struck at Leo’s head with a heavy pipe.  Leo’s cry of protest was bitten off.  He lay on the floor, numb with pain, his senses stunned.  All he could do was watch with tortured eyes as the man lowered the weapon for another blow.  He hit Leo’s head several more times until his skull resembled an overripe tomato.  The man with the mustache fished around in Leo’s pants pockets and removed his billfold.  He nodded and they left by the garage door.  The whole operation took less than five minutes.








 2
	From nearly the beginning of fall term, Mackenzie and Teléah had had a casual, friendly relationship.  He had started out knowing no one except his department head--not unusual for an evening adjunct instructor.  He’d been assigned a classroom in the Space Science Building, one of the buildings regularly open for night classes.  
	As it turned out, his room had been next to Teléah’s, and sometimes, after dismissing his class a little early, he had overheard snatches of her lectures on astronomy.  Her voice was low and musical, her speech accented.  He’d glanced in and seen a slender, lovely woman in her mid- to late thirties with a cascade of dark hair. 
	Then one evening they had met after class when she had literally bumped into him as he walked down the hall and she swung out of her classroom.
	They had both apologized and laughed.
	“I teach next door,” Mackenzie explained.  “A graduate seminar on petroleum geology.  I’m Mackenzie Haber.”
	“Te-léah Dav-in,” she pronounced carefully, holding out her hand.  “I am on sabbatical from Hebrew University in Jerusalem.  My field is astrophysics.”  Her English was correct but slightly stilted.	
	“Will you be here the rest of the year?”  He was conscious of violet-blue eyes, fringed by thick, dark lashes.
	She nodded as they turned and began to walk toward the exit.  “Yes, but it’s very difficult. My husband is dead, a military man, who was killed in the Yom Kippur War.  But my mother offered to stay with my children.   It seemed better to leave them in school there.  They are twelve and fourteen.  I miss them terribly!”  
	She was disarmingly open and Mackenzie warmed to her immediately.  She was a beautiful, exotic looking woman, and he was intrigued by her expressive face and voice.  
	“I suppose this year will be a boon to your career.”
	“Oh, absolutely.  Competition for academic positions is quite keen in Israel.  I’m working on my doctorate, and here I can use the facilities for my research project on the early evolution of the solar system.”
	They had parted as colleagues, and through the weeks, months, had become friendly enough to have an occasional cup of coffee in the lounge before or after class.  Teléah was not only a fine theorist but also, to Mackenzie’s untutored eye, like a rare flower.  He was attracted by her dualities--serious and quixotic, cosmopolitan and nationalistic.  On the personal level, however, there was nothing doing--no question of their quasi-professional relationship advancing to anything more interesting.  She had by her all business manner made that clear.  But that had not prevented him from indulging in a few harmless fantasies.  She would soon leave for Israel and be out of his life forever.  He would take what he could get--the smile, those lovely eyes that would smoulder, he was sure, in the right circumstances.  In the meantime, conversations with her were a treat. 
	Now as he pulled into the parking lot at the university, his thoughts still on Teléah, Fowler’s words about the threatened embargo and the implications for Israel took on a new meaning.  He must inform Teléah if she hadn’t already heard from her consul.  She planned to go back to her home in a matter of weeks.  She might be able to get an earlier flight.  But would passenger service to Israel be curtailed?  Shameful to admit, he took some selfish pleasure in the thought that she might not be leaving so soon after all.
	Until he met her, Mackenzie hadn’t realized how stagnant his social life had become and how much he had missed talking to an intelligent, attractive woman.  Even better, one who understood something of the world of pure science, a world he had almost left behind.  They’d had many a conversation that had tested his knowledge.  He found it invigorating, delightful.  In all their prior conversations about scientific matters, he’d had only one uncomfortable moment when he out-and-out lied.  He still felt rotten about it.
	“I don’t have the advantage of you, Mackenzie,” she had told him one evening after class, “in doing on-site research.  How lovely it would be to be able to hop into my personal space ship and take samples from a few interesting stars.  At best, the earth is my laboratory, too, in a theoretic way, of course.”  The conversation had continued with her posing a question to him.  They were in the lounge drinking coffee.
	“How could the spontaneous conversion of organic matter into hydrocarbons--oil--have taken place on earth, as geologists claim, under the conditions of maximum unavailable energy?”
	She was expressing the same concern of the geophysicist Racines, who had cited the second law of thermodynamics as a problem for the prevailing theory of hydrocarbon formation.  Mackenzie knew the answer to her question, knew it well enough to give personal evidence, but he was constrained by the long-ago agreement to keep silent. 
	“How can matter,” she persisted, “that is in a state of high potential energy, like hydrocarbons, have developed from matter that is essentially burned out, such as decaying vegetable matter?  It is logically insupportable according to entropy.”
	Mackenzie had made an effort to express a thoughtful-sounding opinion on the contradiction she had posed.  He had to resort to what the academic geological community staunchly maintained--that it didn’t seem to make sense, but, he said with a hypocritical shrug, what other explanation but fossil degeneration could account for vast pools of oil and gas in specified areas?  
	He didn’t mention the one anomaly that disturbed even the textbook geologists.  Hydrocarbons were occasionally found in igneous rock formations as well as the usual sedimentary rock.  Very upsetting to admit that oil appeared in crevices of “fire rock,” which formed during the earth’s cooling.  Mackenzie had to assume from his research and subsequently the discovery at the Moho, that such pools were merely throttled or siphoned deposits from the Moho that settled into fissures in the rock.
	Now, with the crisis looming destructively over her nation, he wanted to speak the truth.  He believed he had been unfairly coerced into silence.  If the secret of the Moho had been brought into the open, surely a way could have been found to monitor its use equitably.  He believed that more than ever now. 
	It seemed important that he tell Teléah about this.  Maybe he would be able to give her the comfort of hope.  Maybe, too, she could help him decide what would be the best approach to his problem.  Yet he was amazed that he was planning to take such a step.  How very unlike him!  Giving up control.  It was a tremendous risk, yet one he seemed bound to take.  
*
	Teléah Davin, as visiting professor after nearly an entire school year, was feeling much less the outsider as she dismissed her class with a nod and left the classroom.  No questions from eager students tonight.  She was surprised to see Mackenzie Haber waiting for her in the hall.  Sometimes they saw each other on the way in or out of class--the rooms were next door, but he had never before seemed to seek her out.
	She smiled at him, but kept her expression impersonal as always.  He was too attractive, too admiring of her, to let herself flirt.  Although moderately tall herself, a little over five feet seven inches, she had to look up to him even in heels.  Her husband had been only two inches taller than she, and Chaim, her old friend now at the Consulate in Houston, although heavily built, was even shorter.    Mackenzie’s hazel eyes were serious tonight; he looked troubled.
	“Teléah, I waited until you finished so I could talk to you for a minute.”
	His manner seemed very different, and her mind flew to her children.  But why would he be the one to notify her of any problems?  How absurd!  Chaim, keeping up on her interests with his hour-by-hour information at the Consulate, would see to that.  She turned to walk down the hallway with Mackenzie by her side.
	“Have you gotten any word yet about the new threat to Israel from OPEC?”
	She stopped in her tracks.  “What is it now?”  Her face felt hot, but she concentrated on keeping her composure.  She was aware that Americans thought all Jews were highly emotional.
	“I’ve just heard about it myself, ahead of the newspapers and TV, maybe several days ahead or even longer.  But I thought you should know if you haven’t heard that your country is in trouble.  There’s a proposal by A-OPEC to embargo the U. S. and others in the Western Alliance unless we stop our support of Israel–militarily and economically.”
	“No, no!”  Her mind was spinning.  What would be the immediate consequences?  Was her nation now at war–again?  But couldn’t Chaim have let her know?  Anger assailed her for a moment.  She felt suddenly dizzy, lightheaded.  She grasped at Mackenzie’s arm for support, and he led her to a bench along the wall.
	“I’m sorry if I shocked you.  I thought you should know as soon as possible.  I wondered if you’d heard from your friend at the Consulate.”
	“No.  I’ve been out since early afternoon shopping.  I went directly to my class without stopping at my apartment.  This comes out of the blue.”  She covered her face with her hands and murmured, “My children.  I must be with them.”
	“Yes, I thought about that.  Surely you can make some arrangements to leave early.  You’ve only got one more class session and finals.  Something could be arranged.  Better yet, why don’t you see about getting your boy and girl over here?  It could get pretty dangerous in Israel sooner than we might think.”
	“That’s possible, of course.  I don’t know.  I’ll have to talk to Chaim.  Tonight, if I can get through to him.  If others in Houston know, then the Consulate will be a madhouse.”  She stood up and Mackenzie handed her briefcase.  Her hands were shaking so much she could hardly grasp the handle.
	“Hey, you can’t drive like that.  Let me take you home.”  
	“No, I’ll manage.  But if you would, please follow me so we can talk.  I live practically around the corner.”
	They walked to the parking lot, Mackenzie filling her in on what he knew about the threat.  Teléah groaned aloud.
	“Will we never be allowed to live in peace!”  
	He had no answer for her.
	Teléah’s apartment was in a once fine section of town, which was undergoing some sporadic renovation, “a transitional neighborhood, the realtor calls it,” Teléah had earlier joked.  Her place was a former potting shed, a fairly commodious place for that purpose but not so for living quarters, she’d pointed out wryly.
	Inside, she turned on lights and ushered Mackenzie to the tiny kitchenette at one end of the room.  He looked surprised to see such a shabby place.  No wonder–she’d soon found it was worse than what most students had to put up with.  But it was temporary, she had told herself, and she could manage with such inconveniences for just this school year. 
	While Teléah went to phone Chaim, Mackenzie, at her direction, found the coffee and the small aluminum pot. 
	She dialed several times before she got through to her old friend.  She held the phone to her ear for some time without speaking while Chaim told her what he knew.  It was much the same as Mackenzie’s explanation. 
	“No chance of an earlier flight?”  
	After the negative reply, she said in a plaintive voice, “But, Chaim, I can’t stay away from Ireina and Ben during this time.”  Could she come by the Consulate tomorrow afternoon?  Yes?  Thank God.  She might have a better chance to make arrangements in person. 
	She hung up the phone and stood without moving for a long silent moment.  Mackenzie busied himself with getting out the mugs.  “Milk or sugar?” he called.
	“Black is fine.  But help yourself.”  She sank into a chair.
	“So,” Mackenzie said, taking her a brimming mugful.  “What did your friend say about the situation from the Consulate’s point of view?”  He settled himself on the lumpy couch.
	“It’s very bad.  Israel is on alert.  Air traffic has been cut back to minimal flights.  I probably can’t get back any sooner unless the situation is resolved immediately.”
	“God!” Mackenzie breathed.  “I wouldn’t count on that.”
	“Why?  Surely the United States wouldn’t . . .”  Her voice trailed off in uncertainty.
	“Maybe the United States wouldn’t agree to such conditions to end the embargo, at least not in the long run, but our allies might not object that much.  Saving Israel at the cost of their own economy?  No way.  But there’s bound to be a hell of a lot of talk on all sides, which will take some time.”  
	“That terrifies me.  I feel so helpless, so far away.”
	“When are you scheduled to go back?”
	“The first of June.  After classes are over I must confer with my advisor about my dissertation.  I plan to finish it in Israel.”  She shrugged.  “I may never complete it now.”  
	Mackenzie seemed to nod absently while Teléah spoke about her plans.  She broke off and looked at him expectantly.
	“I’m sorry.  I’ve been thinking how to tell you this.  There’s a way, I believe, to save Israel from this threat.  I know how peculiar this must sound, but believe me, it’s true.
	“Look, Teléah, the Arabs are in control because they have the bulk of oil resources, right?”
	She nodded, looking puzzled.
	“What if virtually every nation could have all the oil and gas it needed without having to have land rights?”
	“But that is ridiculous.  No country would voluntarily give up their land rights, especially not the Arab nations.  They took them away from U. S. companies.  What point do you make?”
	“What I have to tell you has such far-reaching implications I can hardly comprehend them all myself.  Thirteen, almost fourteen years ago I was involved in a deep sea drilling expedition that made a really fantastic discovery.”  
	“This is beginning to sound very mysterious and intriguing,” she said softly, watching his face with interest.  His eyes had grown bright with an inner light she’d not seen before.
	“I like to think I was a reluctant participant, but I was part of a conspiracy to cover up a critically important scientific discovery.  And I mean important in every way--scientifically, economically, and politically.”
	“But this great discovery--what is it?  Why haven’t others come upon it without your information?”
	“Because it’s at a great depth under the ocean--or that’s where it’s most practical to drill-- and it requires highly specialized equipment to locate it, besides a ton of money.  But I don’t think it’ll be discovered mainly because its location flies in the face of accepted geological theory.”
	She stared at him with a puzzled frown but said nothing.
	“It’s an oil field, of course, which was not deposited by fossil degeneration, but in the initial cooling of the earth.  Our discovery explains the composition of the Mohorovicic discontinuity as predicted by a South American geophysicist.   You were right; the accepted theory of hydrocarbon formation is false.  It’s unscientific.  That’s why it doesn’t make sense as far as entropy is concerned.”
	“You mean to tell me you discovered the secret of the mysterious Moho?”  Teléah gazed at him in wonder.  “It corresponds, too, with the discovery of hydrocarbons on the moons of Saturn.  But this could stop the threat!  You would have the wolf by his ears.”  For the first time since hearing the news of the embargo, she felt happy, excited. 
	“With this discovery, scientifically documented, Arab OPEC would lose its hold on its client nations.  No more blackmail--economic or political.”
	“But for you, what?  There’s obviously a problem with this.”
	“A big problem.  I’d be jeopardizing everyone who was involved in the conspiracy, including some high officials.  No one I’ve spoken to wants to go public--at least not for the time being.  I’d be risking my career, maybe even my life.  This information was never to come out.”
	“Oh, Mackenzie.  This is terribly serious.”  She thought for a moment.  “But you might win fame if you stop the Arabs from their blackmail.”
	 “I don’t look for much acclaim from this.”  He frowned.  “But even if I say to hell with the consequences and go through with the disclosure, it’s the documentation that worries me.”
	“You haven’t access to records?”
	Mackenzie gave a negative nod.  “I was hardly in a position to demand it, even for my own protection.  The big cheeses always have had me where they could control me.  So far, I’ve had nothing to prove my case.”
	“Nothing?  They kept no records?” 
	“Oh, yes.  I know there were some phoney public records.  But the actual record of the find was filed away as Very Top Secret.”  He reflected, sipping the lukewarm coffee.  “I seem to be at a dead end.”
	“What if you announced to officials in your government that you were party to the deception and explained why.  Wouldn’t there be some kind of investigation?  Maybe you could arrange matters ahead of time so that you and the others wouldn’t be prosecuted.”
	“Maybe, but without something to substantiate my claim, it would be easy to put me down as a crackpot.  Congressional investigations can be very messy and sometimes fruitless.  I’m helpless to prove it if the others deny the story and the official record doesn’t back me up.  I have no idea where the actual record is stored.  And then there’s the possibility of the secret files being flagged with an order to destroy them if world events threaten to expose the conspiracy.  With attention suddenly concentrated on oil . . . .”  He gave a hopeless shrug.
	”But,” Teléah broke in, “what if your officials did get hold of the secret file?  Couldn’t they–oh, I don’t know, open up the Moho without exposing you and the other conspirators?”
	Mackenzie gave short laugh.  “You don’t think they’d allow a previous Administration to get off scot free, do you?  The news about the conspiracy would be the hottest scandal since Watergate.  More so.  There’d be no stopping the news hounds.  And that’s only the first layer of consequences.”  
	He was right, of course.  She kept forgetting how big and loose the government here was, how free the press.  Israel had always maintained tighter controls, particularly when it was in jeopardy.  The threats had been too close, too frequent to have a completely free society.
	“Why not let the information about oil at the Moho slip out?  Maybe if it gained currency in oil circles, a new expedition could be formed.”
	“No, that won’t work either.  There have been other theoretical suggestions since Racines’ theory was published in the fifties, but like him, the others who point out the possibility are dismissed.  And now the nay-sayers have a failed expedition, government sponsored, no less, to back them up.  Our project, certifying nothing, was found at the juncture of crust and mantle.”
	“Proof,” Teleah nodded.  “That’s what it always comes down to as the starting point for any discussion.”
	“Yes.”  He was silent for a moment.” I guess I could try to locate the real record.  It might be declassified by now since there’s no interest in the Moho.  I could make a casual inquiry.”
	“Oh, you must try!  Wouldn’t it be wonderful, Mackenzie, to bring about a peaceful solution and economic stability?  You have an opportunity not given to most men.”
	“I’m afraid unheard of problems would arise.  I’m not sure the world is ready for them.”  
	“Such as . . . “
	As she listened, she had to agree with his assessment.  Even though the world situation had changed from the mid-1960's, the Moho was still a critical point of departure.  It would completely turn around who’d be in control and who’d make the money.  As he said, such information would strip the Arabs of their leverage, but who would take up the slack?  Most likely there’d be utter economic chaos.  No wonder his voice was tinged with doubt as he considered the possibilities.
	“Our own markets and the markets of poor nations like Mexico and Venezuela that are based on oil production would tumble; whole industries now built on petroleum would fail.”
	“Yes, I see it has its complications.”  
	“Many people in this country think they’d like to see the energy big boys lose their empires, but they don’t realize how much of our system is undergirded by those big profits.  Money is plowed back into other enterprises and puts millions to work.  Lending groups, money funds, charitable organizations, research institutions--all of them would be damaged if not wiped out from an enormous loss of income by a really cheap and abundant supply of fuel.”  He gave a bitter laugh.  “I feel like the devil’s advocate.”
	“Yet the discovery remains momentous.  It can’t be forgotten, put away like a shameful secret.  It’s a marvelous discovery.  Once you know about it, you can’t forget it.  You haven’t forgotten it.”
	“No, I haven’t forgotten it.”
	“Forgive me, but even with the pressure on you to keep quiet, how could you do it, you who were trained as a scientist?”  It sounded like an accusation, she knew.  She hoped he could see her sympathies were with him.  Even so, she couldn’t help be disappointed in what seemed like a relinquishment of responsibility, unlike the Mackenzie she’d come to know.
	He sighed as he mentioned family pressures to keep in good graces at work, the giddy lure of being accepted in high places, and even fear, all excuses attributed to his youth and inexperience.  She couldn’t argue when he admitted it wasn’t a very courageous position.
	“I know what happens,” Teléah said, looking away from him, “when one is guided by ambition.  We make sacrifices that may be regretted when it is too late.”  She frowned as she thought of her year of study in America.  Could this year ever be made up to her children?
	But then she recollected herself.  “But now you have the chance to right that wrong and save my nation as well.  You mustn’t let the negatives weigh your decision.”
	“I haven’t even mentioned other negatives from the unrestrained access to oil.  You in your particular line of work should be very aware of them.”
	She was puzzled for a moment.  “But of course!  The effect on the ozone layer, the atmospheric balance.”  She should have thought of that without a reminder.  But surely there could be some sort of world-wide regulation.  She pressed him not to be deterred from exposing the truth.
	“I know, I know.  Let the chips fall where they may.”
	“Is there no one who would back up your story--an eyewitness?”
	“None but those who have already opposed my urging to get it out in the open.  At this point, nothing seems to shake their resolve.”
	“What about the workers on the drill ship?”
	“The roustabouts?”  He frowned.  “I’ve thought of that, but they wouldn’t have known enough about the project to be credible witnesses.  For them it was just another off shore drilling job.  Intimate knowledge of geological formations would have been beyond their ken.”
	“What worries me is the possibility of those in Washington who might have orders to keep watch, as you say, on the project records.  Would they know their real significance?  Or are these watchdogs merely guardians--with secret orders?  You could be putting yourself in serious jeopardy.”  She mused for a moment.  “Another thing.  How did the project go unnoticed at the time?  I should think it would have been followed closely by your press if it was in the public domain.  They are nothing if not persistent.”
	“Oh, the preceding expeditions got some coverage.  But basically, ours was underplayed as a dull scientific expedition that spent a great deal of the public treasury for no good reason.  Its real mission was never exposed, and when the project folded for good, there wasn’t a glimmer of interest from anyone, as far as I could tell.”
  	“All of you involved in the conspiracy might be marked.”  Teléah looked with concern at Mackenzie.  “I mean it, Mackenzie; you might be putting your life in jeopardy if you–what do you say–make waves?”
	“I may, but how fantastic that sounds!”
	Teléah sighed.  “You Americans are too trusting.  You’ve not had experience with betrayals by friends and murderous attacks by enemies.  You are swimming in unknown waters.  Have you told anyone else about the discovery?”
	“No one.  Not even my former wife knew about this.”
	“That’s good.  In order to manage the situation, you need to proceed very carefully.”   
	She felt much calmer now.  His words had given her hope, comfort, a sense that with thought and care something could be done.
	“I’ll proceed carefully, believe me.  Poking around for records, talking about it to others just might be the death of me,” he said with a wry grin, “particularly if you’re not what you seem and are really an agent for Saudi Arabia, who has ferreted out my dark secret.”
	“They employ a woman!  Never!” she laughed.  “Your secret is safe with me.”  She leaned across and touched his hand.  “Really, I do mean that.  This is rather frightening, and I’d never do anything to jeopardize your safety or your chance of success.”
	“Thanks, Teléah.  You can help me.”
	“Of course.  What would you like me to do?”
	“I’d like to meet with your friend from the Israeli Legation.  Between the three of us we might be able to come up with a way for me to proceed.  Also, I may need a safe haven in case I run into serious trouble.”
	“Yes, of course.  An excellent idea.  It very well might come to that.”
	“I don’t know if it will, but I’d like to be prepared.  At this point, that sounds melodramatic.”  He stood up and stretched.  
	It had been a long day for both of them.  He looked exhausted.  She herself felt wrung out by the emotional upheavals of the past few hours.   
	She walked with him outside to his car.  It was a balmy April evening with early blooming flowers giving off a slight perfume.  Teléah looked up and pointed to the eastern sky several degrees above the horizon.
	“Look at the Pleiades, that sparkling star cluster.  So lovely.  Do you know their legend?”  He admitted he did not, and she went on, “They are the daughters of Atlas, who found themselves pursued by the giant Orion.  Zeus took pity on them and changed their form, first to pigeons, and then to stars, casting them into the heavens.  They are sometimes called the Seven Sisters.”
	“Seven Sisters?  I liked the legend better before you said that.”
	“And why is that?”
	“It’s the nickname given to the seven largest oil companies.  No matter what, I always seem to be reminded of oil.”
	“Is that so bad?”
	“No, of course not.  It’s my life.”  He glanced up again at the sky.  “Yet just now I’d like to find an answer in the stars instead of my usual world.” He gave a short laugh that seemed to catch in his throat.  “I feel that desperate for enlightenment on how to proceed, or even the assurance that proceeding ahead with this information is the way to go.”
	Teléah put her hand lightly on his arm and said in a firm voice, “It is, my friend, I’m sure of it.”















3

	Inside the Consulate the next afternoon, Teléah made her way to Chaim’s office.  She was always a little taken aback by its elegance and richness and sense of tradition--the wrong tradition.  It might have been the library of an English country house with its carved mahogany desk and glass-front bookshelves, the chairs in tapestry upholstery.  The room did strike a contemporary note with a Georgia O’Keefe flower painting and a LeRoy Neiman poster.  “I may as well get some perks from my contacts,” he had told Teléah with an impudent grin, which he reserved for her and other close friends.
	She wasn’t surprised to see he seemed upbeat even now in the face of the worst crisis in Israel’s history.  She wondered if anything could ever shake him, living as he had through the turmoil of Israel’s early days of statehood.  His stocky body was impeccably attired in a light gray double-breasted suit.  He shot his sleeves and revealed gold cufflinks with an intaglio of his initials in English letters.
	He eyed her costume disapprovingly.  “Do you never wear a pretty dress?”
	“What?”  She looked down at her plain dark suit.  “What’s wrong with my clothes?”
	He made a face.  “Every time I see you, you look like a female lawyer.  Those jackets hardly do you justice.”
	“I’m on my way to teach my class.  I like to look professional.”
	“You like to look unwomanly, I think.  And it’s such a waste.”
	“You’re ridiculous!”
	He settled her in a chair and went to the cabinet along one wall to a well stocked liquor cabinet.  “What will you have?”  He checked his watch.  “I believe the sun is over--or is it under the yardarm?  Anyhow, it’s after four o’clock.”
	“Just some sherry, please.”
	He handed her the drink and then took his own stout brandy and water to the chair next to hers where he settled with a sigh of relief.  “I’m ready for a break.  I’m glad you’ve come.”
	“I didn’t come for a drink, you know.  I’ve come for information.  I need to know what to do.  This waiting is terrible.”
	“I know,” he soothed, “I know.  But everyone is waiting.  What will the United States do?  We hope, of course, they’ll not throw us to the wolves, but they have much at stake, too.  So far, the Arabs have held off on implementing the embargo.  They’re giving the West time to consider.  But that is a waiting game of relatively short duration.  Soon A-OPEC will get impatient and pull out of the oil market.  Then the fun will begin.”
	“Yes, I suppose so.”  She felt so downcast she could hardly bear to discuss it. “But what about me in the meantime?  I don’t want to wait more than a month to go home.  I must get back to the children.”
	He picked up a memo and brandished it.  Travel restrictions.  Communications monitored.  In fact, nationals abroad were urged to stay put.  Regular flights in and out of the country were severely limited.  The populace, inured to frequent attacks from Israel’s neighbors, had accepted the vague information from the government of a possible threat without panicking.
	He ran his hand through thick, prematurely graying hair.  “It’s a mess, though.  It could get very much worse.”
	“That’s what Mackenzie says,” Teléah said thoughtfully.
	“Who’s that?  Doesn’t sound very Jewish.”
	She gave a reluctant laugh.  “A friend I met at the university.  He teaches there part-time, but he’s actually an executive with a large drilling company.  He’s been very kind.  As a matter of fact, I wanted to ask you if you’d meet with him sometime.”
	“Surely.  An oil executive, you say?  I always like to enlarge my circle of influential Americans.  He’s the one, I presume, who told you about the crisis.”
	She nodded.  “He’s asked for the meeting with you.”  She took an excited breath.  “Chaim, he has something terrible and wonderful to talk about.  It could mean an end to the situation Israel’s facing.”  She closed her lips abruptly.  No more.  Mackenzie must be the one to tell his story.
	“You mean end the threat?”  He looked skeptical.  “What does he suggest--a game of international craps, with loaded dice?”
	“I’m not joking.  But he’ll tell you.  It’s the most fantastic thing you could ever imagine.”
	“Whatever you say.”  He thumbed through his calendar, momentarily abstracted.  “I can’t believe how many meetings I have.  We’ll set it up for a week from Thursday, if that’s all right?”
	“I’ll check with him and let you know.  Now about my situation.  What do I do in the meantime?”
	“Bide your time.  Consider having the children brought over here.”
	“To my little hovel?”  Teléah gave a brittle laugh.  “It’s hardly big enough to add a mouse, let alone two rather active young people.”	
	“Get a larger place.”
	“With what?” she scoffed.  “I can barely afford what I’ve got.  Remember, I have a nice home in Jerusalem with monthly payments like everybody else.  It’s simply not a practical solution that the children be brought over here now.”
	Chaim sighed.  “But this is the safest place.  You shouldn’t consider going back into God knows what kind of maelstrom.  I don’t look for the country to be bombed immediately, of course, but who know when?  Surely something can be worked out for you.  I’d be happy to--“
	She held up a restraining hand.  “No, Chaim.  That’s kind of you, but no.  I’ll keep my reservation on the flight and hope it isn’t canceled.  Besides, I want to go.  I feel an obligation to be there when my country is undergoing another trial.”
	“I think it’s foolish of you.”  He leaned across to her and cupped her hand in his.  “But then you ever were the little nationalist.   Ready to throw yourself under the wheels of a rolling Jihad.”  He regarded her with affection.  “How well I remember that earnest little face at the training camps.  Yes, you’ve got the zeal of any good convert.”
	She had to protest at that.
	“I wasn’t referring to your religion, although you can’t argue much for personal piety.”  They both smiled as fellow secularists.
  	“You came to Israel at the height of the movement for national identity.  You were very impressionable to that kind of thing.”
	She stared at him.  Ever the cynic.  Was it a protective pose, or did he really believe such nonsense?  She could never decide for sure.  
	“For shame, you who were born a Palestinian.”	
	“My dear ‘Leah, I place my hope in our people, not in a piece of land.  Power plays, back room deals.  It’s all such a game.  Why should we care?  The Jewish nation will always exist as long as we keep the faith and aren’t afraid to expose ourselves to the world.  That’s how we’ll define and defend our nation.  We’ve had to do that for millennia, you know.”
	“Chaim!  I can’t believe you’re saying this.  If what you say is true then Israel is merely a pawn, and our right to existence is a sham.   The great struggle, then, has been for nothing.”
	“I’m not a clairvoyant, but I think I’m a realist.  Take this latest threat.  If the U. S. is bound to the position of non-interference, that clinches it for the state of Israel.”  He reached behind him for the sherry decanter and tried to refill Teléah’s glass.
	“But then,” she persisted, covering the glass with her hand, “it comes down to fighting, after all.  We’ve fought the enemy before and won.  We can do it again.”
	“All of them at the same time?  No, darling girl, we can’t.  Our best bet will be to pull off something diplomatically to prevent slaughter.  Israel will cease to exist.  And perhaps that is our real destiny.  No nation deserves to exist forever simply on the good will of others.  It must be seen as valuable for something.  Of course, the alternative is that a nation may be allowed to exist because it is so innocuous, of so little consequence or influence that it may be safely ignored.”
	She tried not to look too shocked by his words and only gave an impatient wave of her hand.  “Never mind about your crazy ideas.  What about my family, who would like very much to be ignored by dangerous neighbors.  Could you help me communicate with them?  I can’t get through by telephone.”
	“Trunk lines are limited by necessity, I’m afraid.  Haven’t the officials from the university in Jerusalem gotten in touch? They might have been able to get through.”
	“I haven’t heard a thing.”  She gathered up her purse and prepared to leave.  “Thanks for the drink.  I must get on to my class.  I shall talk again to my ‘influential American friend.’”
	“Wait, ‘Leah, I’m pretty sure I can get a message in the diplomatic pouch to your mother.”
	“Thank you.  I’ll get a letter to you shortly.  Perhaps then she’ll be able to write me about Ben and Ireina.”
	He made a face as he showed her to the door.  “Here you are, trying to manage all this on your own. You should never have married Aaron–so much older than you.  He was just a father figure, you know.  And in a dangerous profession.  In our army, the Colonels do not sit at desks.  He was always gone when you needed him.  Now you are having to raise those children alone.  You need someone to share these responsibilities, make your life less lonely.”
	She dismissed his comments with a toss of her head.  “Oh, we get along.  Besides the children, I have my work.  It’s enough--most of the time.”
	“When it’s not,” Chaim said, leaning toward her, “don’t forget I’m always around the corner.  Any corner of the world where you are.”  He gave her a light kiss on the lips.  “If that Mackenzie fellow hasn’t taken my place as friend and confidant.”
	She gave him a look of mock disapproval as she left.  Chaim!  With her, it seemed, he was hardly the diplomat.











 4

	It was Saturday morning at the Fox home on Chevy Chase.  Fowler considered the weekend stretching before him with almost carefree anticipation.  He wouldn’t let the oil crisis take over his pleasures, for he deserved to take a break occasionally and enjoy himself.   He was sitting in what he called the library, but the only books around were unread editions of masterpieces, tooled and leather-bound, that Eloise had purchased from a decorator and placed on shelves between the windows.  The rest of the room’s walls, excluding the fireplace, were filled with Fowler’s gun collection.  
	He was at his plantation desk, comfortable in the high-backed leather chair, examining from afar his latest acquisition, an 1865 Dickson and Nelson Confederate rifle displayed on a rack inside a locked, glass-front case.  It had been a bargain at $11,000, and would only increase in value.  The unwelcome thought came to him that he had no one to leave it and the rest of his collection to.  That was another sad result of marrying Eloise.  He sipped his mid-morning cup of coffee in rare meditation on his choices in life.  How damned funny things turned out.
	Still, he thought, looking again at his guns, who’d a’thought that green kid from the Big Thicket would ever have such beautiful and rare objects to gaze at and use now and then?  So what if he didn’t have any son of his own, at least none that he knew about, he amended, chuckling, but he had Mac, who was like a son, and who would carry on when he was gone.  The guns, though, were probably going to a museum.  He’d have to see his lawyer about that.  
	At that moment, a shadow appeared in the doorway, a female figure lit from behind by the sun streaming in from the glass wall that overlooked the garden.  He saw his wife, a hazy vision in a nearly transparent organza dressing gown of gold that matched her hair.  “Hello, darlin,” he intoned, admiring as always his wife’s looks, particularly from a distance where one couldn’t detect the lines about the eyes, the droop of chin, a certain ravishment from the drink.  She’d always been a lovely woman, he couldn’t deny that.  “What’s on your mind this morning?”
	“I’ll be leaving for the Center this morning, if you recall, and won’t be back until tomorrow late afternoon.  I thought I’d let Maria go on home, unless you need her around for some reason.  Will you be eating in this evening?”
	He waved his hand in dismissal.  “No, I’m going to the gun club in a little bit, and Akira can handle things for lunch today and tomorrow.  I’ll be at River Oaks for dinner and poker tonight.  We can go out tomorrow after you get back.  Sound OK, sweetheart?”
	“I hate to leave you alone for the weekend, dear,” his wife said in her low voice, “but I’m supposed to go to rehab once every three months for review.  You know I’d better stick with it.”  	“Sure, sure, you don’t worry about me.  Before I forget, I want you to give Mac a call next week about dinner at our place.   I want it to be extra special.  Now, come here and give me a kiss,” he said, standing up as Eloise approached him.  They embraced and she went out of the room on slippered feet, her silken dressing gown swishing.  He again thought of how mistaken he’d been about her, those thirty-five years ago at, of all places, River Oaks Country Club.  Gravely had brought him as a guest, an awkward thirty-two-year-old oil man–though really Gravely’s assistant.  He’d hardly known how to dress for the occasion, but Gravely had instructed him to at least rent evening dress so he wouldn’t stand out too much.   It was there he’d met post-debutante Eloise Kemper, twenty-two and just graduated from Wellesley.  Although he couldn’t honestly say he’d fallen in love with her, he was intrigued by the life she represented.  He wanted it for his own.  She had been bowled over, she’d told him later, by his assertiveness, his persistence, his love-making, which had awakened her as no college boy had.  They’d been married within three months.
	The first few years had been all he’d hoped for.  She’d helped him polish the rough edges, take his place in a society that would have scorned his own family, his wood chopper father, the worn out mother, who had died when Fowler was ten.  He’d left that all behind with his eighth grade education for the oil fields, where he’d run across a geologist entrepreneur looking for help, an eager apprentice.  
	Josh Gravely had come from a well-to-do Houston family, and had given him a needed leg up in the drilling business.  Fowler had gone to work for the geologist with a mission during the second Spindletop boom of the late 1920s.  Though that soon petered out, Gravely quickly moved on to more productive fields.  Times were good in the 1930s for oil.  While the rest of the country was reeling from depression, those who could extract hydrocarbons and market them were making money.  And soon Fowler had become Gravely’s right hand man.  His work on an innovative drill bit, using the ideas of a young tool pusher named Joe Scudder, further propelled him to executive ranks in the growing company, and by the time he’d bought his first house in Houston and was attending the dance at the country club, his fortunes were set.
	The only really dicey time was back in the late ‘60s after that expedition on the Neptune Challenger.  Fowler didn’t like to think about it, and by damn! if Mac didn’t bring it up again.  Anytime there was an oil crisis, up came the subject to haunt him.  Sure, Leo’s horrible death was a shocker, and Fowler had to wonder about the timing of the attack.  But to be honest, he might have been a problem.  Weak, that’s what Leo’d been, and Mac might have won him over to his side.  But Mac wasn’t weak, and it was that strength that Fowler liked even though Mac’s insistence on breaking the conspiracy would never cut any ice with Fowler.  No sir!  He’d given his promise to the President, and no matter what, he’d keep it.  There were other benefits, too, that had come his way through the years, and Mac would soon be privy to them.  That should quiet him down.  Fowler lit a cigar, his first of the day and relaxed again in his chair.  It would work out.  That he was sure.  Things always had worked out when it came to the firm; he could count on that.
*
	Mackenzie was examining the Monday morning papers at his desk, not only the Houston Chronicle but also the New York Times and Washington Post.  More than a week had gone by since he’d heard about the proposed embargo.  He’d seen only a few snippets of news that bore on the situation--and they were only suggestive of trouble brewing in the Mid East.  The State Department was playing this one close to the chest.  
	He scanned one of the papers and saw an article saying that the OPEC oil allocation to the United States had been cut, a dangerous signal of things to come.  The item appeared only in the business section and reflected puzzlement.  Another newspaper mistakenly suggested that the supply from the Mid East was down because the western nations were improving their own production.  The truth was that oil companies would have to begin a new deeper drilling program in California and the North Sea to fill even half the gap left by the curtailment of OPEC imports. 
	At least, thank God, the negotiations hadn’t broken down. The diplomats must be holding their own.  Still, he felt no confidence that Fowler’s prediction would be proved false.  If the press ever got wind of the real threat, the outcry would be far different.  Frustration rose in him.  He had to take careful action, do some probing. 
	The big news around the office had centered on Leo’s death.  Everyone had been horrified.  The poor guy ambushed in his own home, and all for a few bucks he carried.  The killer didn’t even ransack the house for the usual salable items.  Probably a drug addict who needed cash fast.  
	Leo’s body been discovered after Fowler had asked for help from the police when he didn’t show up for work for two days.  The police had gotten hold of Mary, Leo’s wife, at her sister’s in Dallas.  Bad business.  Mackenzie had felt a momentary flash of guilt when he first heard about the murder, remembering how critical he’d been of the engineer.  Mary had had his body cremated, and the memorial service had been a quiet affair. 
	As far as Mackenzie’s plan went, his one chance of getting backup testimony was finished.  Unless he could convince Fowler to change his mind, which was iffy at best.  	
	Emily Bainbridge, Mackenzie’s secretary, came in to his office balancing a tray with his coffee and a bagel. “I bet you forgot to eat anything for breakfast,” she said pertly.   She set the tray on top of his desk and then stood waiting for any instructions he might have.  Her tailored dress was appropriate and probably expensive, but it was a particularly unbecoming gray that heightened the sallowness of her skin.  Em didn’t have much knack for personal adornment, he acknowledged, but she was a gem of a secretary and was always neat and well groomed. 
	“Will you get me reservations for an early flight to Washington tomorrow?  I plan to return the same day.”
	“Sure, Mac.  Anything else?”
	“Put in a call to Charles Bennett at Circle Petroleum in about ten minutes, please.”  
	“I will,” she said, writing her notes.  She looked up.  “Jeremy called and wanted you to call him back when it’s convenient.”
	“Thanks.”  Later, after he’d gotten through this other business.  The Vice President of Finance probably was impatient for the figures on Mackenzie’s plans for enlarging their exploratory operations.
	Em smiled and left the room.  Efficient.  Cheerful.  Smart. And apparently devoted--he’d was sometimes concerned she might be a little too much so.  But ever the professional.  She’d been with Mackenzie ever since he’d been appointed Vice President.  
  	After checking his Rolodex, he picked up the phone and dialed.  He sipped coffee and took a mouthful of bagel and cream cheese while he waited.
	“Ralph!”  He chatted for a few minutes with the lobbyist and made an appointment to meet tomorrow.   He was fortunate to have an excuse to visit Washington.  He’d been putting off the visit for a week, but now with OPEC’s reduction of the allocation he could make a good case for the oil and gas lobby to put on the heat.  The legislators would be receptive, Mackenzie thought; they all should remember well the former oil crisis.  
	He was eager to check out the records at the National Science Foundation.  At the time of the Moho project, he had a Secret clearance, no problem as an ex-officer in the Navy.  But that clearance had been revoked when the project ended.  He didn’t know if the files he was looking for had been de-classified or not.  But he’d have to find out in person.  The thought that he might have some luck kept his spirits high.
 	The call from Circle came through and Mackenzie suggested to its president, Charles Bennett, that this might be the time to go to greater depths at the Ellenberger strata.
	“I can’t give you specifics yet,” he said to the oilman’s query, “but the word is we’ll be wise to drill deeper.  I suggest we strengthen that operation, get one of our big rigs out there.”
	“How big?”
	“What do you say to a two-million pound hook capacity.”
	“Sounds expensive, but you’ve done well by us all along, Mac.  If you think Diablo has it in it, I’ll authorize it.”
	“I know we can locate a deep pool.  I’ve had it on my chart as a high potential area.  We just didn’t want to overtax you, but I can almost guarantee you’ll see a quick return.  Mark my words, the demand will increase.”  At a cost of over one million to just take a look, any responsible oil company would be cautious.
	“Go for it, Mac.  I’ll send a confirming letter today.”
	After hanging up, he buzzed Em and asked her to make arrangements for his trip Thursday to Diablo, the West Texas drilling site.  He’d should be able to take care of his business in one day and be back to Houston Friday afternoon.
	While Mackenzie finished the bagel and swallowed the dregs of his coffee, the phone buzzed and to his surprise, he found Eloise Fox on the line inviting him to a small dinner party  Saturday week--just the Foxes and him and another woman.  He like Eloise–always felt a bit sorry for her.  She asked him if he’d like to bring a friend or should she invite a “spare woman.”
	“Not too spare, please,” he said, making her laugh.  “I like mine filled out.”  Then he thought a moment.  “Wait on that, if you will.  I might bring someone I know from the university.  I’ll have to check first, of course.  I’ll call you when I get an answer.”
	It might be Teléah wouldn’t consider being part of such a plan, but while talking to Eloise, he had been captured by an interesting thought.  If he planned to broach the subject of the Moho again to Fowler, this little gathering might be just the thing to soften him up--offer a different angle for him to consider.   
	Teléah with Fowler.  She would be the angle, if she’d agree.  The conversation would naturally evolve to her homeland.  Israel would be more than a place on the map, a pawn in international politics.  It would be a real place, a nation of real people like Teléah and her children.  Mackenzie smiled to himself.  The evening might go in a very different direction from the one Fowler planned.  Besides, he rather liked the idea of her company for dinner at the Foxes’.  Better than someone from the usual stock of available women supplied by Eloise or from his own well thumbed list, for that matter.  Fowler would enjoy a new audience, too.  He’d be engaging and expansive, showing off as he liked to do in front of a pretty woman.  Poor Eloise would appreciate having the attention off herself.  She spent most of her energy at social events trying not to show how much she’d had to drink before the guests arrived and trying to keep Fowler’s temper from going aloft.  But maybe she had been dried out recently.  He hoped so.
	He wanted very much for Teléah to accept.  Since his confession to her, they now seemed to have a bond between them.  He hadn’t regretted speaking about the Moho to her.   He didn’t think she’d been put off by his disclosure.  Last night, when he passed by her room, she glanced up and saw him, giving him a thumbs up.  Her class gawked curiously at him before he took off.  
*
	Jeremy Willis paused before Emily Bainbridge at her desk in front of Mac’s office.  She was crossing items off a list on her memo pad.  He stepped in her light, and she looked up with a raised eyebrow.
	“Yes?”
	“You know what I want.  Isn’t your boss in yet?”
	She gave him an icy look.  “He is, and I left word you’d called.”
	“I didn’t get a call yet.”
	“Maybe he’s dialing you right now,” she said sweetly.
	“Phff.  Look, my girl,” he said, drumming his fingers on her desk, “buzz him again and tell him I want to see him.  O. K.?”
	“O. K . . . sir.”
	He walked off swiftly to his own office.  Mac’s secretary had no idea of office protocol.  Who did she think she was?  It was a wonder she still worked here, that others hadn’t complained about her manner.  He, himself, wouldn’t have said a word, of course.  That would hardly be appropriate considering the rivalry between Mac and himself.  A foolish rivalry that Fowler could settle with a word in the right place.  Mac had his little area, and that’s where he belonged.  He didn’t know or care about the financial end, which, let’s face it, wagged the dog of any business. 
	Jeremy, smoothing his seal-like hair, sat behind his desk.  He noted automatically that everything was in its place, his phone and tablet, the dictating equipment.  He straightened the file folders in an organizer.
	He didn’t relish having this little talk with Mac, but the Arab OPEC thing had put him in something of a bind.  The last thing he needed was to be shown as incompetent at making decisions.  So what if he’d made some risky financial moves?  Fowler didn’t need to be brought into it.  Not until everything was straightened out.  He hoped he could convince Mac, who was the only one who could help him.  And he mustn’t tip too much of his hand either.  It was a tricky business.
	Still the phone didn’t ring, and he cursed to himself.  Was Mac playing his own little game?  Funny.  They should have gotten along well together with their complementary talents.  He’d been taken on at the company shortly after Mac began his employment and had moved up to comptroller within three years.  They hadn’t seen much of each other until seven years ago when Jeremy was made a vice-president.  Six months later, Fowler appointed Mac vice-president and that’s when the trouble started.  Jeremy felt his face grow hot with indignation when he thought of it.
	The unfairness of it!  He the senior officer!  He had pulled the company from its mediocrity and made it a virtual holding company.  From the time he was comptroller, he had urged vertical expansion, having faith in petroleum by-products and the viability of the oil business.  Fowler had recognized his contribution, too, he knew that, but why did he more and more feel like a stepson?  No need to answer that.  It was clear that Fowler was thinking of Mac as his successor.  
	He picked out a finely sharpened pencil from a round leather box and ran it between his fingers.  He wouldn’t give up his rightful place without a fight.  He’d show Fowler who would be the most valuable at the helm.  He could do it, too, if he could fix this little situation that had unfortunately arisen because of poorly timed politics.  How unfair!  He struck his fist on his desk and then looked down with dismay.  The pencil in his hand splintered.  And now a fresh scar on the highly polished wood.
*
	When Mackenzie finally leaned back to take a breather, he was surprised to see it was already eleven o’clock.  For over two hours his work had so engaged him, he’d forgotten his predicament.  Now it washed over him like a sickening, sour effluvium.  The Moho!  How much easier it would be to forget it as Fowler demanded.  Why couldn’t he do that?  What made him think there was an innocuous way to squelch the threat from OPEC. He must be nuts.
	Teléah had returned his call promptly and was silent for a moment after he explained about the dinner party and his plan. 
	“This Fowler, he can be moved by this?”
	“I’m counting on it.”
	“I see,” she said quietly.  “I’ll be very glad to meet him.”  	 
	As he reflected later on that up-coming dinner, his chair turned toward the full length plate glass window, he couldn’t help but picture the Foxes’ reaction when they met Teléah.  He chuckled at the thought.  He felt pleasurable anticipation. But to be honest, was it less for Teléah’s effect on Fowler than an excuse to be again in her presence?  The sound of someone clearing his throat broke into his reverie, and he swung his chair around.  Jeremy Willis was standing before him.  
	“Willis!  For God’s sake, haven’t you heard of knocking?  What do you mean creeping up on me like that.”  He was sharper with him than he had intended. 
	Jeremy looked down his nose, and his head jerked nervously.  “I did knock if you must know.  You didn’t answer, so I peeked in and saw you in a trance.  Sorry!” 
	“I meant to call you earlier.  What can I do for you?”  Mackenzie knew he’d been remiss in not returning Jeremy’s call, but the moment had passed for explanations.
	“I want to discuss something with you about some financial matters..”
	“I’m stepping up our drilling activities, but I won’t have the estimates until next week.”
	Willis waved his hand.  “Fine.  Actually, it’s about something else that I--the fact is, I need your advice.”
	Mackenzie raised his eyebrows and offered Willis a seat.  He seemed uncomfortable, unsure of himself.  Most uncharacteristic.  
	Willis went on.  “Our subsidiaries.  The ones like Eberhard Plastics that rely on petroleum by-products.  I’ve kept them a little short on their raw materials.  You know, no need to keep a fortune in inventory.  They’ll soon have to stock up, as will a few other companies.”
	“Oil by-products?”  So that’s how Willis’s books looked so good.  By starving the holdings, he made the balance sheet for Gravely and Fox look wonderful.  No wonder he seemed a little sheepish.  
	But disbursement of the nation’s stocks of oil had already been set by the Department of Energy without any explanation.  The reason was clear to those in the know.  The Department of Energy was obviously taking orders from the State Department, who was taking the advice of the International Energy Agency in the event of an embargo.  If the Arabs enforced the embargo as they’d threatened, everyone could expect an immediate shortage.  No oil, he told Jeremy, for manufacturing of non-essential products.
	“But surely we can get access to the domestic reserves in the salt domes or whatever.  Couldn’t you arrange something--you know, privately?  Use your pull?”
	“Look, Jeremy, those reserves are a drop in the bucket.  No administration has ever been able to stock what the country might need for emergency supply.  Mainly, it’s designated for military application.  What little is stored won’t go to our plastics company.  No way.”  He leaned back in his chair and regarded Willis.  “So much for Eberhard plastics.  How about our chemical company?  Can it manage through this?”
	Jeremy swallowed.  “The thing is, they need business to get stabilized.  They can’t afford any stoppages now.  We may be forced to prop them up.”
	“Don’t count on it.  We need to put all our resources into immediate drilling activities.  As I said, I’ll get an estimate to you next week, but I’m planning a deep drilling program effective immediately.  That side of Gravely and Fox should be off and running.  
	“With the price of oil soon to go up, we’ll be asked next to start extraction of the shale deposits and tar sands.  Eventually, I presume the subsidiaries will get some funds.” 
	“I can see you’d be delighted if we lost one or two of our holdings,” Willis said angrily.  His head jerked twice.  “You’ve never quite gotten hold of the big picture.”
	“I’ve got the picture all right.”  
	“I think you’re taking this situation in a strangely unconcerned way.  I’m sure Fowler has noticed your lack of enthusiasm.  It’s been patently obvious to me.”  Willis got to his feet.  His thin body was stiff with emotion.
	Mackenzie stood up.  “Just put it down to the fact that I’m not having to worry about covering my ass.  Now, is there anything else?  I’ve got a million things to do before I leave town.”
	Willis registered surprise.  “A trip in the midst of the crisis?”
	“Much to attend to, you know.  I plan to visit with Ralph Sanderson in Washington as Fowler suggested.  Then a quick trip out to the Diablo site about our new course of deep drilling.”
	“Well, then, I’ll not bother you any longer with financial concerns.”  Willis wheeled abruptly and left the office.
	Mackenzie gave his back a grim smile.  Desperate?  Coupled with his professional jealousy, he could be a real nuisance.  Prying eyes.  Complications that he didn’t need.  Their antipathy toward one another was unfortunate, but thank God, he seldom had to butt heads with him.
	He acknowledged that a wiser man might watch his back where Willis was concerned, but he had neither the time nor the interest in worrying about his colleague one way or the other.


 5

	At Dulles, Mackenzie spotted Ralph Sanderson at the edge of the passenger waiting room.  They shook hands, and after a quick trip through morning traffic, arrived at Sanderson’s office.  Mac explained Gravely and Fox’s needs, but their discussion was notably brief.  Sanderson was an able man, always eager to promote the industry and now even more so.
	“I saw that OPEC has dropped the number of barrels coming into the country,” he remarked.  “Is it going to get worse?”
	“Maybe,” Mackenzie said cautiously.  “I think we should be prepared for that.”
	“It’ll be a piece of cake to get the drilling and recovery regulations virtually eliminated.  This reduction of OPEC oil should clinch it.  We’ve been moving in that direction, but there’s always an environmental group or two who think we have to put pristine land ahead of fuel needs.”  He circled his temple with a finger. “No sense at all.  What would this country and its citizens do without an assured supply of oil?  I tell you what they’d do–panic.”
	Mackenzie stared at him for a moment.  If the environmental groups thought they had problems now, what would they do if the Moho opened up?  But he mustn’t get distracted from his purpose for this meeting, and he mentally shifted gears back again to meet Sanderson’s concerns.  They spent some time discussing which congressmen should be approached and how to strike the right note of urgency without signaling panic.  Mackenzie wished he could have explained it all to the lobbyist but that would be impossible, so instead he could only hint of a secret knowledge that the oil supply would be threatened even more in the near future.  
	“Lunch?” Sanderson asked Mackenzie.  “When’s your flight home?” 
	“I’ve got some other business I need to take care of, so I’ll just grab a hot dog from a stand on the way.  Don’t worry about seeing me to the airport.  I can take a cab.”
	Sanderson accepted his refusal without question, and Mackenzie set out for the NSF by taxi.  It was near the State Department in Foggy Bottom.  On his way there, he had an odd feeling of trepidation, as if he was calling up a forbidden specter of the past.  He scoffed at his sudden anxiety.  What else could he do?  Like any other citizen, he had a right to inquire about a government project.  Damn!  He mustn’t get nerves over this.  He had a long way to go. 
	The building was in the monumental style and presented an anonymous face to the public, like so much of the architecture in the nation’s capital.  He alighted from the cab and went up the flight of stairs to the main entrance.  A guard was on duty alone in the marble-sheathed reception hall and after his query about records, directed him to a department on the second floor.
	There, a receptionist gave him a blank look when he asked to see records from Project Moho.
	“Do you have an authorization?”
	“That’s what I’m trying to get,” he said with forced patience.  Bureaucracies!
	“I’ll get Mr. Lawson.”  She punched some buttons and repeated to someone Mackenzie’s request.  “Go ahead,” she directed Mackenzie, “down that hall, second door on the left to the archives.”
	This was a large room, but was partially blocked off by shelving and some offices.  Again, he was asked his business by a clerk, who after his reply, sent him to an adjacent office.  
	A man at a desk looked up and gave Mackenzie a cranky look, obviously interrupted from his work.
	“Sorry to disturb you, but I’m requesting some records of a project that I worked on.”
	“Name?”
	“Mackenzie Haber.”
	“Of the project,” he said testily.
	“Of course.  Project Moho.  Sponsored and funded by NSF,” he added, perhaps unnecessarily.
	“You say you worked on the project?”
	“Yes, I was Project Geologist.”
	“And why are you needing access now?”
	“Is that required information?  Can’t I see the records?”  Mackenzie had to control his rising temper, prompted by anxiety.
	“All right.  Just fill out this form.”  He rustled around in his desk drawer and withdrew a sheet of paper.  He pointed to a chair and table in the corner.
	But the report, when he finally had it handed to him, was the falsified record, written convincingly in a forty-plus-page document.  The process of awarding the contract, the construction of the drill ship, the equipment and suppliers, the personnel, preliminary probes, and other routine information.  
	Then he read, “The project ran into trouble when severe loss of circulation occurred in fractured basalt at approximately 15,000 feet.  Circulation was attempted for six weeks but the instability of the hole and loss of sample recovery material prohibited deepening the hole any further.”  The big lie.  
	The report went on to conclude, “Consultations with various experts confirmed the inevitable outcome and the project was terminated.”  Mumbo jumbo.  He should know; he helped write it.  He sighed and turned in the report to the clerk.
	“Do you have the classified report on this project?” 
	She raised an eyebrow.  “I don’t know.  I’ll have to check. Do you have clearance?”
	Again he explained his role in the project.  She didn’t say anything but simply dialed a number and turned her back on Mackenzie while she had a muted conversation.  When she hung up she politely refused his request for additional material.
	He nodded, thanked her, and gathered up his briefcase.  As he turned to leave the office, he heard the clerk again on the phone.  She was reporting his request for the classified record on Project Moho.  Odd!  But maybe any request for classified material had to be noted on the file.  Anyhow, for him it was a dead end.  What he had suspected, of course.  It had not been declassified and no amount of prodding would get him that wireline record--if it still existed.













 6

	He’d taken the company plane into Pecos where Joe Scudder met him for the forty-five minute drive to the drilling site.  The land stretched before the occupants of the car in low relief with blips of spiny cactus and small arroyos and dusty patches of grass.  The horizon was immense.  Over a distance of several hundred miles, the rose-purple humps of the Guadalupe mountains lay like sleeping beasts.
	They would be making preparations to deepen the hole into the Ellenberger strata, a formation in the Permian Basin located at a depth of around 22,000 feet.  The deep well exploration was the smart way to go.  But deep well drilling would mean a major change in the operation at Diablo--new equipment and more men.
	“Great to see ya, Mac,” Joe said, turning his leathery face from the empty road to examine Mackenzie closely. 	
	“Aren’t ya tired of the soft life yet?” he drawled.  He reached into his shirt pocket and pinched a plug of Skoal.  “How about your boy?  When you gonna get him into the field?”
	Mackenzie looked out the window beside him.  Last summer Rick had begged to go, but his mother had pulled out all the stops to prevent it, getting him a cushy job as lifeguard at the country club.  She’d insisted the association with job-hardened roustabouts at his young age would have a negative influence.  In fact, as Mackenzie knew well, strong discipline and well defined rules were imposed at drilling sites, particularly at the remote camps.  He had to admit, though, the work could dangerous. He had gone along with Tricia, promising Rick his chance after he had spent another year in college.
	“Maybe next summer.”
	“Is he going into the business?”
	“He’s pretty sure, but he’s leaning more toward engineering than geology.  That’ll be fine, too.  Whatever makes him happy.”  And whatever will work out if the oil business changes forever.
	Mackenzie turned to Joe.  “What about your family.  Everybody doing O.K.?”
	“Oh, yeah.  The missus ain’t too happy.  With me gone so much and the kids growed up she gets lonesome, I guess.”  He gave a weary sigh.  “I’m giving some thought to getting out.”
	“Getting out of Gravely and Fox?  You can’t be serious, Joe.  You’ll be drilling holes until you keel over.”  
	“No, I mean it, Mac.  Been at it for over forty years.  Think of it!  Forty years and thirty of ‘em as toolpusher.  I’m proud of that.”
	“You should be.  What do you plan to do?”
	“Me and the missus got a little cabin on the Pedernales.  We like to fish.  It sounds mighty good to me, I can tell you that.” He rolled his head back on the head rest.  “Fowler’s about ready to chuck it in, ain’t he?”
	“I think he might retire sometime this year.  He’s an old war horse, though.  It’ll be hard for him to be stabled.”
	Joe nodded.  “Oh, it’s hard to imagine, all right.”  He ruminated a moment with his tobacco and his thoughts.  “I’ll never forget when I first met Fowler.  We was in the panhandle together in ‘35.  He’d hired me to work on an old steam rig.  I was only sixteen, and he was the toughest son-of-a-bitch I’d ever met.”
	“Were you mixed up in any of the riots out there?  I understand they got pretty rough.”  He threw him the bone.
	“Mixed up?  Hell, we was the riot!”  He chortled.  “Did Fowler ever tell you about the time the local sheriff called in the Rangers to help clean up the place?”  Mackenzie smiled with concealed resignation.  Between Fowler and Joe he had heard several of the ubiquitous “Lone Ranger” stories before.
	“. . .and Fowler tells him he’s sure surprised to see only one Ranger getting off that train, and you know what he says?  ‘There’s only one riot, ain’t there?’”
	Joe laughed and hawked noisily and wiped his eyes.  “Them was the days.  But ol’ Fowler knew where he was going, I tell you.  He’d gotten Mr. Gravely convinced they could dig holes anywhere.  Shoot, we was one of the first drilling companies to get into the Persian Gulf and later into off-shore exploration.”
	“How long were you in off-shore before I joined the company?”
	“When exactly was that, Mac?”
 	“I started in 1966.”  As Mackenzie spoke, the deck of the Neptune Challenger seemed to rise before him.  He could smell the sea, feel the slight rise of the deck as the four stabilizer engines fought to hold the ship steady.  
	Joe’s flat voice spouted dates and places as he recalled previous off-shore operations, and Mackenzie nodded absently, his mind riveted by a new thought:  Would Joe remember accurately the momentous find at the Challenger site?  He of all the workers aboard might be able to corroborate Mackenzie’s assertion.  Testimony from an experienced and respected toolpusher should be impressive.  Would that be evidence enough without the wireline tape?  Joe’s knowledge of the oil business centered on the mechanics of getting the drill bit to its target and not on the geological formations, but some careful questioning might establish how good a witness Joe could be.  
	“Where do I stay tonight, Joe?”
	“I didn’t think you’d want to be in the crew’s quarters, so I fixed you up a room in Cordell--’bout fifteen miles from Diablo--at a hotel there.  The Rio Rancho.”  He grinned at Mackenzie.  “We eat there sometimes.  Call it the Rio Roacho.”
	“Sounds O.K.  Say, why don’t we eat there tonight?”
	“Why shore.”  Joe cocked his head, pleased.  “Bout six-thirty?”	
  	Then Joe squinted ahead.  “There’s the tower.”
	Seeing in the distance the lone derrick on the vast terrain, Mackenzie was strangely moved.  It always happened to him in places like this.  The romance of geology.  A wry thought, considering what he knew.
	Diablo was a relatively new operation and Mackenzie’s first visit to the site, but other similar sites formed a nexus of memories that presented a counterpoint to his work in Houston.  The life here was elemental.   Cutting into the earth and bringing up the pot of gold--maybe.  But always safety first.   That one factor--keeping his men on focused on the job and unhurt--was what had made Joe Scudder so valuable as a drilling foreman.  There had been accidents, yes, but Joe had never lost a man under his direct supervision.
	As they drew closer, the tower took on more detail.  The drilling platform was two tall stories above ground.  Underneath it was the Blowout Preventer.  Above the platform, the 100-foot mast was strung with lights, the Christmas tree.  Tank trucks of water and fuel huddled beside the tower, plugged into the site by their long hoses.  Adjacent to the tower, manmade ponds of drilling mud as viscous as primordial slime covered over four acres.  Beyond the derrick some distance away, the arms of mules kept up their ceaseless movement as they pumped oil into storage tanks.
	Joe pulled alongside two dark gray company cars parked by a converted trailer, the office-living quarters for the engineer and geologist.  A hundred feet beyond the trailer a frame cabin served as sleeping quarters for the roughnecks. 
	“We’ll be going in much deeper, Joe,” Mackenzie said.
	“Right-o,” Joe said unenthusiastically.  Mackenzie knew the difficulties that faced him having to step up operations.  Adding new and larger equipment, new men, some inexperienced, and for Joe, perhaps many extra hours until the workers became familiar with the equipment and settled in. 
	“Royster’s inside the trailer,” Joe remarked, pointing.
	“He seems to be getting along all right.”  Royster was young and single.  It was a hard, lonely life for any man, but the young geologist had seemed eager to earn his stripes in the field.
	“Blenkinsop here?” he asked.  
	“Any time now.  He’s coming in from the Val Verde Basin.”  The engineer traveled from one site to the other, keeping a check on conditions at the various locations, making recommendations to the geologist, ordering equipment and supplies as needed.
	Mackenzie stepped out of the air conditioned car into the dry, super heated atmosphere.  He felt a rasp of physical excitement in his chest.  He continued to ask questions of Joe, both now having to shout because of the tremendous roar of the generators around the rig.  Satisfied the work was going well, he turned to look as another company car came streaking onto the site trailing a plume of dust.  He waved to Blenkinsop, who pointed to the trailer.  Mackenzie nodded and turned toward the control center of the well site.  
	Inside the trailer, he greeted Royster and went to a tiny laboratory installed with the latest equipment:  a microscope, the scales and lab utensils, and a chromatograph with its shiny and bulbous face of dials.  From it, a sensor ran to the mud return line at the hole where mud from the well bore on the way to the slush pit was “sniffed” for natural gas.  He nodded his approval of the setup, and he and the geologist then took their seats behind a small table to wait for the engineer so the meeting could begin.
*
	The outside of the Rio Rancho was board and batten like the old hotels in western movies.  Except for a large TV antennae, which sprouted from the roof.  A young man on his way out sidled past Mackenzie, who stepped aside to let him pass.  A roughneck, judging by his work pants and heavy oiled boots instead of the more usual cowboy boots.  The man glanced at Mackenzie but didn’t respond to his nod.  Mackenzie noted the behavior as odd and out of keeping with the friendly Western types who frequented places like this.
	Inside, the cool air carried the familiar scents of beer, sawdust, and deodorizer imperfectly masking toilet odors.  He spotted Joe sitting at a corner table, flanked by two beer mugs, one empty, the other nearly full.  “I thought I’d wet myself down while I waited,”  he said cheerily.  “How ‘bout you, Mac?”
	Mackenzie agreed to a beer, and Joe waved over the bar maid, a dusky senorita.  Waiting for her to slink her way across the room, Mackenzie looked around.  The room was dim, but Joe and Mackenzie’s corner was lighted by a Schlitz clock.  Above the bar he saw the inevitable dusty set of longhorns.
	“Get ya something?” the waitress asked Joe. 
	“Hi, sweet thing,” Joe said, leering.  “Give the man a beer, will ya?”
	“Sure, enough.”  She looked at Mackenzie and perked up.  “Anything else, mister?”
	“Steak, Joe?”  Mackenzie himself had experienced too often the leather-tough meat that was relegated to these out-of-the-way places.  “I’ll have the chili and a guacamole salad, please.”
	“Bring me the thickest steak you’ve got,” said Joe, “and anything else you’re giving away.”  He gave Mackenzie a broad wink.
	“I don’t give anything away,” she said, flouncing off.
 	“Best steaks around, Mac.”
	Rosita returned with Mackenzie’s beer, setting it down carefully and then bending deeply to give him his silverware rolled up in a napkin and a view of her large brown breasts beneath her low cut blouse.  She smiled enticingly at Mackenzie. 
	Joe hooked her belt with his finger and pulled her toward him.  “Be extra special nice and hurry us up a platter of them ribs to get us started.  O.K.?”
	She smiled again at Mackenzie and left, waggling her hips.  
	“She likes you, Mac.”
	Mackenzie gave a good natured grin but quickly turned the conversation to Joe’s work.  Any problems?  
	“I just took on a new hand as a derrick man.  His qualifications looked decent, come from Dubai with Arco, but he don’t hardly seem to know nothing.  Acts more like a weevil than an experienced man.  I’ve had to check him out on everything.”
	“Sounds like a lot of trouble.”	
	“You probably passed him on your way in here.  I’ve bumped him to motor man on night tower.  That shouldn’t be too tough, keeping track of engine oil levels.  I suppose I’ll have to make sure he don’t fall asleep and drop off the derrick.”
	Mackenzie laughed.  “How did he hear about the site?”
	“He said he was in Pecos snooping around for a drilling site.  Someone gave him directions and he turned up, just like a guardian angel.  I do hate to run short-handed.”
	“Lucky.”
	“I’ll have a break starting tomorrow.  He’ll have his week off.  Maybe by the time he gets back, it’ll have sunk in.”
	Rosita arrived at their table with a heaping plate of beef short ribs.  The men ignored her for the ribs, which they silently demolished.
	“You’ve sure broken in a lot of men through the years,” Mackenzie commented after a while, wiping greasy fingers on a paper napkin.
	“Yep.  Sure have.  I remember you when you was a raw one.”
	“On the Neptune Challenger.”  This was it.  Mackenzie had thought through his plan to pick Joe’s brains about that long ago drilling expedition.  He didn’t want to overplay it, tell too much at this stage. 
	“Yep.  The funniest off-shore rig I was ever on.  Ship, wasn’t it?  I never seen anything like it.”
	“Yes, a lot of money had gone into it.   A government project.”
	“Sure enough, I remember.  The National Science Foundation. I felt pretty important, working on that project.  We was going deep on that one, too.  If I recall, we went over 20,000 feet.  Remember how we almost had a blowout?  Boy, that was a close one.”
	“We used the new Blowout Preventer for the first time.  We were all a little anxious about that.  Even Fowler.”
	“Oh, I remember.”  Joe’s steak arrived, and he became preoccupied with attending to it, saucing, salting, peppering.  Mackenzie waited patiently, blowing on a spoonful of chili, until he saw Joe take the first bite, his jaws moving like a trip hammer.
	“I’m still amazed we could hold that well in.  You were trying to get the mud weight up, but it wouldn’t hold.”
	Joe nodded, swallowing painfully.  “Sure, sure.  Oil and gas shot out like from a cannon.”
	“You recall that?”
	“Never forget it, off the California coast.  Deepest hole I’d ever dug, and then to hit oil like that and be told to close it up.  I never said boo, but I wondered for years why we didn’t go back.  Too expensive I bet.  Reckon we might go in again if oil prices go up like you say they will?”
	“We might,”  Mackenzie said, relief tinging his voice with good cheer.  Joe’s memory was accurate, clear.  He would make a wonderful witness. “That was called Project Moho then.”  He took a large bite of chili and felt fire ignite on his tongue.
	“Sure it was.  I hadn’t give it much thought over the years, but that’s it.  Project Moho.  Them were the days, Mac.  You was green as an English pea, but hardworking and you knew your business.  I could tell you was going places. . . .”
	They finished their dinner with more reminiscences and then had an amicable scuffle over the bill.  Mackenzie won.
	
	The two-hour flight to Houston would get him back at the start of the rush hour, but that was O. K.  He had managed to grab a quick shower and change his clothes before he left his hotel in Cordell on Friday.  Rick would be at his house this evening as he always was on Fridays after term was over to spend the weekend.  
	At the time of the divorce, Rick had been eleven and had wanted to stay with his father.  But Mackenzie traveled too much for that to be practical, so Rick stayed at his old home during the week with his mother and spent weekends with his dad.  Every summer, Mackenzie and his son took a trip together.  This summer, however, Rick was invited to travel in Europe with a school friend and his parents.  Mackenzie and Tricia had agreed, for once, that it was a grand opportunity.  The travelers were scheduled to leave next week.  With his mind so preoccupied, Mackenzie was relieved to think Rick would be well entertained for the next month.

*
	The day following Mackenzie’s flight back to Houston on Friday, four men were gathered in a decrepit twenties-style bungalow in an outlying rural district near Houston.  It was near what had been the center of a now dead market town.  The steps to the small front porch had rotted through and been replaced with cement blocks.  Inside, sparse furnishings reinforced its look of a temporary dwelling.  A portable color TV was creating a private din in one corner.  In the center of the room, the four men sat around a card table on four unmatched chairs.  A woman was in the nearby kitchen cooking something on a small stove.
	The oldest of the men directed his dark gaze on a man in his late twenties directly across from him.  “I want it understood, Shafik,” he cautioned, “you are not to question your instructions.  For the time being, you are backup to ‘Davros,’ as he calls himself, but that is only because you are so recently arrived.”  
	He spoke in Arabic, with an occasional idiomatic phrase in Farsi.  “I, myself, am glad to have you here.”  His eyes never left the young man’s face.  “We’ve already taken on one assassination.  There will be more to come.”
	“I’m not questioning our mission, Mohammed.  Didn’t I complete my training satisfactorily in Libya?  Didn’t I agree to these arrangements to be near my sister here?  I simply wanted to know how we will be protected by the Brotherhood if we’re, Allah forfend, caught by the authorities.”
	“If you get caught,” laughed the man called Davros, “you may as well kill yourself anyhow.  Just do what is asked of you and earn the money that was expended on you.”
	“You, Hussein,” the apparent leader said, turning to a quiet young man with dark blue eyes and lightish skin, “you must carry on as we planned.  It has been decided that your target is too susceptible to Haber’s persuasions.  Haber is a still an unknown factor, but he most likely needs a warning.  We’ve been assured he is safe, but,” he spread his palms, “what does that mean coming from someone who wants to believe that?  We have orders to use our own devices to reassure ourselves.”  
	“I saw Haber yesterday.  He was meeting the target.”
	“Then we’re right to move swiftly.”  The leader nodded to him.  “You have a week off work, you say?”
	“Yes, I’m not due back on the site until next Saturday.”
	“Do it immediately upon your return, then.   You’ll not be useful to us in this region after that. I hope your arrangements for leaving the area are well in hand.”
	“Yes, I understand.  My duty is clear.  I’ve secured a job in Florida.”  He grinned.  “Back to being a fisherman.”
	“What I’d like to know,” said Shafik with a sour expression, “is why we don’t have all the details of this operation.  What’s the problem with these people we’re after?  What are we supposed to be stopping?  I don’t like operating in the dark.”
	“All you need to know for now is that they’re enemies of the Jihad.”  He put his strong hand on the younger man’s wrist and squeezed until he winced.  “Let others worry about the reasons.”
	“Yes, of course.  I just meant--“
	”Do you also understand?” the leader cut in, directing baleful eyes upon Hussein.  “If any of us is picked up and questioned, it’s better we don’t know everything.  I know who we’re working for, but you don’t.  Even I haven’t been informed as to the details, but it’s obviously a mission of some magnitude. But for now, no further questions.  Is that clear?”
	They nodded in assent.  The leader held up his glass of tea and said, “Hegira!”
	“Hegira,” the men repeated, lifting their glasses.  
	“Back to our roots, the source of our well being!” one cried enthusiastically.
	They then turned their attention to the woman bringing in a steaming pot of spicily-seasoned rice and chicken.
*
	Exactly one week later, Hussein was on night tower.  It was boring but simple work.  He had an uneasy feeling the toolpusher was suspicious of him.  Didn’t know why, except he was stupid about things he should’ve known.  But he would be smart about carrying out his real job.
	He had made his round of the ground level engines.  After checking oil levels and replacing fluids, he had climbed to the platform and waited until he saw Joe Scudder. 
	He saw him first looking over the activities.  The mud man was doing his check for mud acidity over on the west side of the mud pit.  He had the sample catcher ready for testing inside the trailer.  The driller was standing at the kelly bushing, totally absorbed in watching the progress of the drill stem.  When Scudder looked up at the platform, Hussein motioned for him to come up.  This close to the drilling, speaking was nearly impossible, so for conversations the men used the “dog house” situated on the platform high above the drill floor.   
	The toolpusher arrived at the top,  puffing a little from the nearly thirty-five foot climb,  and gestured toward the dog house.
	“What now,” Joe grumbled, once inside the metal hut, which served as the tower control center and also as a rest area for the men.  Hussein led Joe to the mud log graph.
	“I don’t see anything--“  His words were cut off as Hussein struck him with a wrench.  As he clubbed the man, his mouth formed the words “Hegira.”  He opened the door cautiously but no one was in sight.  Quickly, he took Joe’s inert body and hauled it through the doorway to the east side of the tower.  Below, the vast tank of mud lay like a swimming pool, glistening blackly in the starry sky.
	A shove, and Joe’s body fell unnoticed into the tank. 
	Hussein removed a magic marker from his pocket and scrawled onto the steel of the dog house, “Hegira.”  Then he climbed down the tower and vanished into the night.  	











 7

	Staring intently into the mirror over his dresser, he inserted the onyx and gold studs and adjusted his black tie.   Rick was sprawled in a chair watching his father.
	“Why so dressed up?  Something special going on at Mr. Fox’s?”
	“Not really.  Eloise likes it this way, unless they’re having a barbecue.  A little more formal, even for a small party.”  Mackenzie turned to face his son.  “You’re sure you don’t need any money?”
	“Nah, we’re going to a movie and then get pizza.  It’s just us guys.  We’re having a pretty mild fling before Steve and I go ‘abroad.’  I’ll probably even be home early.”  He grinned at his father.  “Will you?”
	Mackenzie gave him a mock stern look.  “A little respect for the old man, please.  I shouldn’t be late, though.  Unless Fowler gets carried away and keeps us for hours after dinner.”
	“Who else’ll be there?”
	“Just Eloise and my guest.”
	“Who’s that?”
	“A Mrs. Davin, a fellow instructor I met this year at the university.”
	Rick nodded and stood up as Mackenzie prepared to leave, grabbing keys, wallet, and handkerchief from the dresser top.  
	On the drive over to Teléah’s, Mackenzie reflected on his son.  A good boy, relatively unspoiled in spite of his advantages.  He’d done well enough in his classes this year.  What would he do if his father lost his job and were in disgrace?  Life would be different for him, that’s for sure.  His expensive education would have to be downgraded a bit.  Maybe a state school.  Well, that wasn’t so bad.  It had come out all right for his father.  Still, shame was hard to overcome.  
	Then, too, Rick wouldn’t have a leg up in the business.  Might have to go into a different line of work altogether, which maybe would be a good idea anyhow.  If Mackenzie blew the whistle and the Moho was opened up, there wouldn’t be much future for petroleum geologists.  Better he stick with engineering.  At least there’d still be some work.
	No more alimony for Tricia if he had no employment.  She hadn’t worked since they were married.  What would she do?  She had wanted the divorce over his objections, saying they were incompatible.  He’d tried to be a good husband.  He’d given her anything she wanted he could afford.  Little to say to one another, though.
	But he’d been faithful to her.  Had she to him?  He’d had his suspicions toward the end.  He’d traveled too much, she said.  But he was trying to give both of them the life they’d wanted.  Then, too, he’d chosen to spend what free time he had with Rick.  Mea culpa.  Rick continued to be confused, bitter even that his folks had split.  Little reason as he saw it.  Mackenzie sighed.  Except for Rick, his marriage was the one big failure of his life.  His job the one big success.  Now he was threatening to ruin that, too.
	It had been a relatively quiet week after all the activity of the previous one.  He’d had to tend to strengthening the drilling activities as well as formulating his revised budget.  But the Moho sat on hold.  Every time he thought about going public, he shrank a little inside.  He’d have to approach Fowler again.  Soon.  Next week, maybe, after Fowler met Teléah. 
	He again had missed talking with her after class on Monday.  His students had kept him longer than usual with their questions about job possibilities in their field.  The talk had made him uncomfortable.  By the time he escaped, Teléah had gone.

	When Teléah opened the door to admit him, he broke into a pleased grin.  “Wow!  What happened to the teacher?”
	Teléah laughed, admitting him into the apartment.  “Gone for the evening, at least.  You look a little different yourself.”  She was dressed in a long black silk sheath, slit high to show a beautifully shaped leg.  The fitted bodice with its jeweled collar emphasized her full breasts.  Her skin looked like alabaster.  She was wearing her dark hair upswept, the first time he’d seen it that way.  Mackenzie was transfixed by the sight of her.  Gorgeous.
	She fetched an evening bag, switched off all but one light, and then, turning to Mackenzie, said, “Shall we go?”
	On the way to the Foxes’, they spoke at first as if following the rules of polite, inconsequential conversation--the weather, the end of spring term, Rick’s trip abroad.
  	Then she said in a different tone, “Have you had any positive results from your inquiry?  You did go to Washington?”
	“I went, and I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about it sooner.  We seemed to be just missing each other at school.”
	“Call me at home anytime, Mackenzie.  You know I’ll be glad to talk to you about the problem.”
	He told her why the trip to Washington had been a waste of time, his thwarted attempt to see the secret record.
	“A shame.  I’m so sorry.  Any other leads?”
	“I went to a drilling site in West Texas last week and while I was there, I talked to the toolpusher who worked aboard the Neptune Challenger, the drill ship.”  He explained about Joe’s potential value as an expert witness.
	“How wonderful!
	“Yep, he’ll be fine--if I decide to break the conspiracy.”
	“But you’re not sure.”
	“I hate like hell to do it by myself.  I feel like a traitor.  The worst of it is, I’d be putting  Fowler in jeopardy, too, without his knowledge.”
	“I understand your feeling.  There must be a way to convince Fowler.  Maybe Chaim will have an idea.  He looks forward to meeting you.”
	As the Foxes’ home came into view, Mackenzie self-confidence suddenly waned.  This may not be such a good idea.  Fowler could get pretty pissed off if he thought he was being manipulated.
	
	 “Have a cigar, Mac,” Fowler said, proffering the humidor.  “Very fine weed from Jamaica.”
	Mackenzie took one of the long H. Upmann’s and held it to his nose, inhaling its rich, pungent aroma.  The women had left the room; the men would rejoin them for coffee later.  The cigar lighting ceremony took several silent minutes, and Mackenzie puffed gently, watching Fowler’s face.  He was in an unusually good mood tonight.  As if nothing in the world was bothering him.  Lucky for him, Mackenzie thought.  
	At dinner, Fowler, as amiable host, had asked Teléah about her professional life to which she responded with entertaining stories of her experiences teaching in America.  But it was Mackenzie who urged her to tell of the trials and conflicts she had lived through in her native land.
	“I didn’t actually fight myself,” she said with a faint note of apology, “though I was trained, of course.  But I remember as a child the terror that struck me whenever I heard the sirens.  And after a raid, on the way to school, I would get as close as I could to a soldier as he walked down the street.  I hoped he would protect me if we were attacked again.”
	Fowler nodded his head, but didn’t comment.  Eloise kept on the subject, however, asking about Teléah’s life in Jerusalem, especially her children.  
	“I’m sorry to say I don’t know how they are.  There’s a communication blackout in Israel.”
	“Really?” said Eloise with surprise.
	“The Arabs are pushing again,” said Fowler.
	“I’m so sorry.”  Eloise gave Teléah a pitying look. 
	Then, abruptly, Fowler began questioning Teléah about her impressions of Houston.  Before long, Teléah had gotten him going on his early years in the oil business, his development of the company.  Fowler expanded noticeably.  He cracked jokes and flirted, leaning toward her several times with a sort of intimacy that annoyed Mackenzie and must have made Eloise want to head for the nearest gin bottle, her frequent refuge in past years.
	“I’ll bet you ladies need to powder your noses while Mac and I have a cigar,” Fowler said after their dessert, addressing his wife.
	Teléah rose and followed Eloise from the room.  She had made an impression, but was it the right one?  Was she to Fowler simply a new woman to captivate?  Mackenzie couldn’t tell.  If she had made a difference in Fowler’s thinking about the crisis, he wasn’t giving it away.
	Out of the blue, while Mackenzie was relaxing, watching the smoke curl to the beamed ceiling, Fowler said, “You’ll be mighty young, you know, to be the head of Gravely and Fox.  Which you’re soon to be.  I’ll be wrapping things up shortly.”
	Mackenzie sat upright.  “I hadn’t considered anything happening so soon.  Do you mean now, this summer?”
	Fowler nodded.  “I was ten years older than you when I took over.  I had to wait until Gravely retired; that had been part of the deal.  But I really ran the place from the time I was thirty-five.  I bet you feel the same.”
	“Not on your life!  With you around?  You’re hardly known for absentee management.”  They both laughed.
	“How do you feel about letting go on the operations end?”
	“I think I can let go.  Once you move on to a new commitment, it gets easier each step of the way.”  Was that true?  What had he committed to?  The company or the Moho?  He forced himself to look directly at Fowler through the haze of smoke.  The old man was smiling.
	“That’s the way I see it, Mac.  What do you think about Jeremy?”
	“He’s capable and intelligent.”  He hesitated a moment.  “He’s older than I am and has been a vice president a little longer, so he probably feels some strong rivalry.”  He’d be angry as hell.  Jeremy would be looking for the slightest deviation from the norm to carry back to Fowler.  Mackenzie resolved to take greater care in dealing with Willis.  The stakes were too high.  If Fowler even half suspected Mackenzie of treachery, there was no telling what he’d do. 
	While Fowler spoke about his plans to retire, Mackenzie felt torn between feelings of satisfaction and anxiety.  Fowler’s support was essential; the man could contribute his knowledge and contacts and help solve the problems that loomed before Mackenzie.  But this was not the time to broach the subject of the Moho again.
	“You’re not going to announce anything yet, are you?” he asked Fowler blandly.
	“No, I’ll take it to the board in a couple of weeks.  Just a formality, but a necessary one.  After that, I can announce my retirement--I’m thinking about September--and who my replacement will be.”  Fowler scraped his chair on the parquet floor and came around the table to Mackenzie, who was rising from his seat.
	“I couldn’t be happier, Mac, if you were my own son.”  The big man gave Mackenzie an awkward one-armed embrace around his shoulders.  
	“Thanks, Fowler.  I appreciate your. . .” he swallowed, confidence? faith? “. . . your recognition of me.”  He hoped Fowler would mistake his tight-lipped smile of discomfort for one of modesty.  He needn’t have worried.  Fowler was caught up in the emotion of the moment, seeing Mackenzie, no doubt, with the eyes of a grand seigneur bestowing his empire. 
	“Let’s join the ladies.  I think this occasion calls for a toast.” 
	It was during the congratulatory drinks in the drawing room that the phone call came through.  Eloise had given Mackenzie a kiss, warm in her praise of him.  Teléah wore a smile, but as she shook his hand, her expression was somewhat puzzled.  Mackenzie felt like an actor in a not very well written play, saying lines that seemed rehearsed.  He felt relieved when Fowler, summoned by the maid, left the room.
	“No one,” said Eloise, “deserves this more than you, Mac.  I think Fowler can finally retire, knowing he’s left the company in such strong hands.”
	“You’re very kind, Eloise.  I suddenly feel inadequate.”
	“Nonsense!”  She lowered her voice.  “After Fowler is off the premises--at least some of the time--you’ll feel perfectly comfortable being in charge.”
	Mackenzie nodded.  In fact, once he got the hang of it, he would relish having control.
	Fowler returned from the other room, walking slowly, his eyes downcast.  
	Eloise gave him a frightened look.  “What is it, Fowler?”
	“Let’s all sit down.”  He sank into the recesses of a velvet couch.  “I’ve had the worst possible news.”  He looked at Mackenzie.  “Joe Scudder is dead.”
	“Joe?  It can’t be,” Mackenzie sputtered.  “He was fine when I left him last week.  What happened?  Heart?”  Joe dead!
	Fowler gave a great sigh that was more a groan.  “Blenkinsop called.  Joe had been checking the derrick for night tower.  The mud man found Joe in the mud pit.  Evidently fallen from the tower.  Don’t know yet if he was knocked unconscious and drowned or if he broke his neck.”
	“That’s sounds impossible!” Mackenzie said with heat.  “Joe Scudder careless?  Was he alone?  Wasn’t the derrick man on night tower?”
	Fowler hunched forward, his face twisted with anger.  “That’s what I asked.  Where was the goddamned derrick man.  He’s gone.  No one’s seen him.  Maybe he got scared, saw Joe fall.  New man, Blenkinsop said.”
	“Yes, Joe told me he’d just hired him.  Are the law enforcement people out there?”
	Fowler nodded.  “You bet.  And they’ve got an APB on that new guy, too.  Maybe he and Joe had words, pushing, that sort of thing.”  Fowler looked up.  “Hell, Mac, nobody ran a safer operation than Joe.  Never lost a man all these years.  I can’t understand it.”
	“This Joe,” said Teléah quietly, “his job is what?”
	“Toolpusher.”  Mackenzie gave her a meaningful look and her face blanched.
	“Are things under control for now?” he asked Fowler.
	“Yes, but we’ll have to work on arrangements tomorrow.  I’ve got to go call Joe’s wife now.”  He rose and took Teléah’s hand.  “I hope you’ll excuse me.  Our evening has ended most tragically when I hoped it would be a joyous occasion.”
	“I’m very sorry.  I’ve had a delightful time.”  She held out her hand to Eloise and thanked her.  Mackenzie said his goodbyes  woodenly and ushered Teléah to the door. 
	For several minutes in the fast moving car, they didn’t speak.  Then Teléah said.  “This death seems mysterious.  It may be a coincidence, but I don’t think so.”
	“I wonder.  Could someone else have gotten the same idea about Joe as I did?”
	“Your trip out there.  Your talk with Joe . . .”
	Mackenzie thought for a moment.  “That’s fast work.  Also, if that new man had anything to do with it, Joe had hired him a few days before I got there.”  He paused. “Joe talked about him to me.  Thought he seemed inexperienced for someone who said he was well qualified.  I have a feeling he won’t be found.  That his papers are phoney.”  He hit the steering wheel with his fist.  “Damn!  I hate it that it ended for Joe like this.  He was talking about retiring.”
	“Mackenzie, you must be doubly careful now.  You don’t know who else is concerned about the crisis and knows about the Moho.  That you are involved.”
	He nodded his agreement.  First, he would try Fowler again.  Maybe since he was getting out of active management he’d consider releasing the information.  But there was his promotion to consider.  Where would his responsibility lie as the president?  To the company or to truth?  He wanted the job.  It was the culmination of his life’s work.  But he’d be different from Fowler.  He’d either restore integrity to the company or ruin it--and himself.
	Mackenzie thought about his upcoming week.  Events were crowding in on him.  Rick was leaving Tuesday for Europe, the funeral for Joe would probably be no later than Wednesday.  The meeting with the Israeli diplomat on Thursday.  The confrontation with Fowler, whenever he could fit that in.  Mackenzie swung the car into the long drive that led to Teléah’s apartment.
	“Mackenzie,” Teléah said diffidently.  “This may not be the best time, but I can’t get help from my people, so I must ask you.  Would you be able to make some arrangements for me to get into Israel?  I should be there, now.  You mentioned something about having drilling operations in the area.  Do you really think something could be arranged?”
	“Get into Israel?”  He looked at her in the darkness of the car, her features outlined by a small lamp on the outside of her quarters.  Lovely, strong features.  They might have been those etched onto an ancient coin.  He would miss her.
	“Of course.  At least I can try.  I know some people in Egypt.  I expect it’ll stay neutral as long as possible.  There’s no overland traffic, I understand.  But if we could work out something with the Egyptian authorities for you to fly in to Cairo and then take a boat to the drill ship, maybe your people could arrange an air pickup.  That’s just off the top of my head, but it might be managed.”
	“I’d appreciate it so much.  I can’t bear being separated from my children for who knows how much longer.”
	He helped her out of the car and walked her to her door.  She didn’t ask him in, which didn’t surprise him.  But she did extend her hand.  “Thank you for this evening, Mackenzie Haber.  I wish nothing more than that everything works out for you--and selfishly, for me.”
	“I do too,” he agreed fervently.







 8

	Taken as a day of rest or spiritual reflection, this Sunday was a bust.  Mackenzie did invoke the Creator’s name several times in frustration.  He had numerous phone conversations with Hank Blenkinsop and Chris Royster about transporting Joe’s body to Houston where an autopsy would be performed; then there was damage control--having the papers sent on the new man who had disappeared, a William Apple, and finding a replacement for the number two toolpusher who had been promoted to Joe’s place.
	“I want you and Chris,” he told Blenkinsop, “to meet with me privately as soon as you get to Houston tomorrow.”
	“Sure, Mac.  We’ll be there about three in the afternoon.”
	“Also, Hank, take a close look at the platform where Joe was when he fell.”
	“Want me to look for some structural damage?”
	“Just anything out of the ordinary.”
	Mackenzie put his mind to other problems, but nothing seemed be going right.  He couldn’t find the company pilot, who had taken off for a few days.  Mackenzie had to call the personnel director at home and ask her to get the name of their back-up pilot.  Then after looking at the resume of the mysterious William Apple faxed by Royster, Mackenzie had to wait for hours until it was Monday morning in Dubai and he could reach the Arco office.  When he finally talked to them, they had no record of employing a William Apple.  He could have simply lied to get a job, or it could be more ominous.
	At least he didn’t have to handle the funeral arrangements; Fowler was taking care of that with Joe’s wife.  The event was planned for Wednesday at a funeral home near the Scudder residence.  
	Mackenzie finally left the office to go home at ten o’clock that evening.  Rick had spent the day with his mother, getting his gear ready for his trip.  Mackenzie fixed himself some eggs and toast and a glass of milk, trying to switch from full throttle to idle.  He was looking over the Sunday papers when the phone rang.  He contemplated not answering it, but he couldn’t help himself.  He grimaced at his ingrained, Midwestern sense of responsibility which drove him to pick up the receiver.  It was Tricia.
	“Is everything all right with Rick?” he asked, anxiously.  They hardly ever spoke anymore except to discuss their son.
	“He’s fine.  Trying to decide what to take.  Or rather, what not to take.  I told him to pack everything he thought he’d need and then take out half.”
	Mackenzie laughed.  “Good plan.”
	“Actually, Mac.  I’d like to talk to you.”
	He inwardly groaned.  Not more crap on top of today, please.  “Sure, what about?”
	“Not here.  I thought we could meet at the airport to see Rick off and then go somewhere for lunch, maybe?”
	“If not about Rick, what then?  I’ve got a pretty hectic schedule this week.  Joe Scudder’s been killed on a rig, for one thing.”
	“Oh, Mac, I’m sorry.  How did it happen?”
	“An accident, I guess.  Look, couldn’t we meet the following week?  It would help me out a lot.”
	“I’d like to, Mac, I really would, but something’s come up.  I really need to talk to you, and I don’t want to do it on the phone.”
	He let out his breath.  “O. K.  I’ll see you at the airport.”
	“Thanks, Mac.”
	Money, undoubtedly.  She was being particularly nice, but also stubborn, a key component of her pleas for money over the years.  He had managed to fight off attempts to get her alimony increased.  The courts had agreed he had been more than generous at the time of the divorce.  This latest money crisis probably meant she had over-charged her limit and wanted an advance.  Bother!  As if he didn’t have enough on his mind.
	He had been so occupied on Sunday, he’d not had time to think about the implications of Joe’s death.  But on Monday, driving to the office, he reviewed his options on the Moho.  Now, the danger seemed intensified.  Not particularly promising.  He wished he had a brainstorm on what to do.  Again, he thought of his only remaining possibility--Fowler cooperating.  He’d try again, but he felt he already knew the outcome of that second attempt.   
	Shortly after three, Blenkinsop and Royster arrived at the company and were shown into Mackenzie’s office.  Blenkinsop looked drawn, exhausted, his healthily tanned face dulled from lack of sleep.  The younger Royster, though subdued by events, had the resiliency to spring back to his usual energetic self.
	“How’s everything at Diablo?” Mackenzie asked, offering them both drinks which they gratefully accepted.
	“I guess we’ll be O.K.,” Chris Royster said.  “Harmon’s a pretty good toolpusher, and I briefed him on the deep well drilling.  He’ll keep things going until we get back.”
	Mackenzie nodded and turned to Blenkinsop.  “Did you take a look at the tower?”
	“Sure did.  Everything’s sound as a dollar.  No loose struts, braces, nothing that could have tipped Joe off like that.  I noticed some writing scrawled on the dog house exterior that seemed strange.”
	“What was it?”
	“One word, written in, maybe, magic marker.  H-e-g-i-r-a,” he spelled out.  “Mean anything?
	“Could be.”  Hegira! 
	At 4:45 that afternoon, Mackenzie got word that the autopsy had been completed.  Joe Scudder had met his death from a preliminary blow to the head and subsequent suffocation in the mud pit.  The authorities held this to be inconclusive that he had been killed.  He might have lost his footing, they said, and struck his head on the way down.  And my mother wears a grass skirt, thought Mackenzie bitterly.   
*
	“Where to?” Mackenzie asked.  They were walking from the gate at Houston Intercontinental after seeing Rick off. 
	“Tony’s?” Tricia suggested with a little laugh.
 	He hesitated only a moment.  It was pricey, but what the hell.  He agreed and they parted to find their respective cars.  He thought his ex-wife looked a bit haggard.  Too thin, as he might have expected, but he knew her object was to look like an elegant rail.  He drove in no great rush along Post Oak Boulevard and turned into the parking area of the restaurant.  Tricia hadn’t given away the subject of their meeting.  But, of course, she wanted to set the stage for that.  He needed to be mellow with food and drink before she hit him up.  
	Tricia must have broken the speed limit in the red BMW convertible.  She had already been shown to a table, leaving his name with the maître d’, who led Mackenzie to the table.  She seemed quite nervous, already having ordered wine, which she was sipping, a cigarette between her fingers.  Her long blonde hair swung around her shoulders as she repeatedly tossed her head.
	He had hardly given his order of a Dubonnet over ice to the waiter when she surprised him by saying, “Mac, do you know who might be calling me about a protection service?”
	“Protection service?  Do you mean a household alarm system?  You’ve already got that.”
	She’d gotten a call on Sunday--strange day for doing business--asking her to subscribe to something called a world-wide protection service.  Tricia had been puzzled.  Still was.    
	“I didn’t know what he meant, and he didn’t explain it very well.  Was it for credit cards, I asked.  No, it was personal protection.  Why would I need personal protection?  He said I should ask my former husband.  I thought maybe you had talked to someone who was trying to sell you something.”
	“I don’t know anything about it.”  Mackenzie stared at her.   Was this a device to silence me?  He turned to the menu and pretended to study it.  
	A waiter appeared at his elbow and took Tricia’s order for grilled sole and spinach salad.  Mackenzie nodded the same.  He wasn’t very hungry.
	After the waiter left, Tricia demanded, “What’s going on?  It disturbed me.  I’m a little scared.”
	“His voice.  How did it sound?  Friendly, menacing?”
	“Foreign, “ she said firmly.  “He had an accent, but it wasn’t Mexican.  I know that accent.  It wasn’t strong, either, just faintly accented.  Peculiar, really.”
	“But that’s all the person said, something about ‘protection’?”
	“When I asked who the company was, he said ‘Jeera’ or at least it sounded like that.”
	“I see.”  Mackenzie twirled the wine glass between his fingers.  Hegira again.  “I think I know what this is about.  It has nothing to do with you.  I can’t imagine why they would have bothered you except to get to me.”
	“Who is it?  Who’re ‘they’?”
	He shook his head.  “This is very complicated.  I don’t know who they are.  I’ve been making some inquiries, talking to some people about an old project that Gravely and Fox was involved in.  I don’t want to burden you with the details, but it’s becoming apparent others are concerned.  The stakes are high.”
	“Oh, Mac, don’t tell me you’ve gotten yourself in some sort of bind.  Does Fowler know about it?”
	“Yes, but my position puts me as odd man out.”
	“In other words, you’re fighting Fowler.”
	“Not overtly yet.  But, yes, you could say I’m making waves.”
	She looked at him with an angry glare on her fine features.  She was still an attractive woman, despite her thinness.  But somewhere along the way, she’d lost confidence in the power of her beauty, and her haunted eyes reflected that knowledge.  “How can you do that?  Fowler’s your bread and butter.”
	And yours!  Color rose in his face.  “I’ve not always agreed with him, you know.”
	“But you should know when to draw the line.”
	Now their food had come and she was distracted from her probing.  Mackenzie asked for more ice water.
	“What,” she persisted, “is this about?  Can’t you tell me?  I seem to be involved myself.”
	“No, it’s better you don’t know.”
	Clever of them, whoever they were, to pull her in.  She wasn’t really his responsibility--but she was.  Always would be in a way that he might never get over.  He didn’t love her anymore, but she was almost like one of his children, someone who needed his protection--not some world wide protection service!
	“Oh, Mac.  I’m sorry, and I’m scared.  You won’t tell me what it’s about, and I don’t know what to do.  Should we go to the police?  Is this some sort of threat?”
	“No police.  It’s more of a warning, I think, than a threat.  I’m a little concerned about Rick, though.  He might be vulnerable traveling around Europe.”
	“Yes, Rick, too.  They said something about him needing the service.”
	“Oh, God,” Mackenzie moaned.  If his family was to be the knife they held to his throat, so be it.  He would have to cave in and forever be silent.  No more ruffling of feathers.
	“Don’t worry about this anymore, Tricia.  I think I can guarantee you’ll have no more calls.”
	“Then you can control this situation?”  She poured herself another glass of wine from the carafe.
	“Yes, I can control it.”  Stop everything, he told himself, stop now.  “Just call me if you get anymore strange messages.”
	“Mac,” Tricia said, covering his hand with her own.  It was trembling slightly.  “I’m sorry I was sharp just now.  Just a little nervous, what with Rick going off and all.  I wondered . . .”
	“Yes?”
	“Could we meet again sometime?  We don’t need to be strangers, do we?”
	“It’s been a long time, Tricia.”
	“Too long?”
	He smiled but didn’t answer.  He’d spent enough time seven years ago asking questions about the marriage that Tricia had refused to answer.  He wasn’t interested in raking up any of that again.
	She drew back at his silence.  “I should have guessed you’d stonewall me.  Fowler warned me about your stiffnecked pride.  That my decision would be irrevocable.”
	He frowned, his fork suspended in mid air.  “What does Fowler have to do with it?”
	She waved her hand as if batting a fly.  “It was years ago, of course.  It hardly matters now.  I thought, like a fool, that he’d marry me, but that had never been his intention.  Too late for me, though.  I’d already filed for divorce, burned my bridges.  And it looks like they can’t ever be repaired.”  She tossed her head.
	Mackenzie understood what she’d said, but he didn’t want to believe it.  Had she made up some fiction in order to hurt him more?  “Are you telling me you had an affair with Fowler, and that’s what broke up our marriage?”
	“So long ago,” she murmured, moving pieces of salad from one side of the plate to the other.  “I was lonely.  Didn’t feel very good about myself.  You were gone all the time--“
	”Trying to get ahead,” he retorted angrily.  He’d be damned if he’d sit still for another recital of his faults--and pay for it.
	“I guess that’s right.  I was self-centered.  It takes two.  But Fowler played me like a violin.  He knew all the right tunes.”
	“How long did it go on?”
	“Over six months.  I read all the signs wrong about Fowler.  He took what pleased his taste like a fat woman takes candy.  Without a thought.”
	“And after you got the divorce?”
	“He said, bye-bye.  He didn’t want to leave Eloise.  Ha!  He didn’t want to tarnish his image of the very rich, though lately arrived, upstanding citizen.  Eloise and her family were part of that image.  I was simply another scalp.”
	He tightened his lips.  Evidently Fowler wasn’t troubled by  pangs of conscience.  He thought for a moment.  Unless his appointment to the vice presidency was the payoff.  It came shortly after the divorce.  
	“I’m beginning to wonder what Fowler really thinks of me.”
	“He needs you.  Don’t think he gave you the promotion just because he’d been screwing your wife.  He’s always thought highly of you.”
	“Sure.”  His voice had a bitter ring to it, but that had little to do with hurt; no man liked the thought of being cuckolded, especially by a best friend or a boss.  
  
	Sometime during the afternoon he began to think differently about the telephone message Tricia had received.  He had just put down the phone from talking with Mildred Scudder.  Yes, she would be glad to see him in thirty minutes or so.  His thoughts were on Joe, then on the implied threats to Tricia and Rick.  Mackenzie had first assumed that whoever was pushing him would kill his family--if Tricia could be so termed--if he disclosed information about the Moho.  
	But what if he was careful in his investigation to find proof?  He had no intention to release the information to the press or government officials anyway.  He’d simply been acting like a naive fool, openly visiting the NSF and at the Diablo site taking Joe to dinner in a public place.  Besides, if murdering Rick and Tricia was their leverage over him, he would logically not stop with their deaths, God forbid!   He’d be even more committed to go forward.  Surely they would know this.  They must be banking on the implied threats demoralizing him to the extent that he would cease his attempts to halt the embargo.  
	If this group, the Hegira, had determined someone would have to die over the release of the information, why hadn’t he been taken out first?  With his guard down, as it had been, anyone could have arranged for his death without much trouble.  No, they were simply trying to push him back into the conspirators’ fold.  Care, then, would be his watchword.   
	But wait.  Maybe there was another reason they had left him alone; perhaps they were concerned he had already talked to someone about it.  That could really be their dilemma.  He supposed that at some point they would realize that he had nothing but his memory and the hope of convincing the other conspirators.  No solid proof--yet.  But they may not know that either. 
	They seemed to have been concentrating on the weakest links in the conspiracy.  Joe had been a danger with his broad knowledge of the operation; led by Mackenzie, he could’ve been too good a witness.  But he couldn’t have been merely threatened: he had not been a conspirator and had known nothing from that angle.  He had to be killed.
	Leo could have been coerced into either silence or speaking out.  It only depended on who had the most clout at the time.  Mackenzie, however, was not so easily intimidated and had been making sounds like someone ready to talk.  So why not threaten those nearest him, for whom he felt responsible?  Now he was supposed to lie down and play dead.  And if he didn’t, he’d suffer the consequences.
	Also, with the name “Hegira” and Tricia’s descriptions of the caller, the implication was clear that a Mid Eastern group was directing the threats, probably even the attacks on Joe and Leo.  But in a way that made no sense.  If anyone sent by OPEC or the radical Islamic sects knew Mackenzie and Leo were part of the conspiracy, they’d also know what the conspiracy was about, wouldn’t they?  If they knew, then why wouldn’t they themselves mine the region on their own as Fowler had suggested?  God knows they had the resources.  
	But if they did open up the Moho, that would alert the whole world to the availability of unlimited oil.  No, their goal had to be to keep a lid on the discovery.  But there was a further possibility--that this terrorizing effort was coming through the auspices of a renegade watchdog agency of his own government.  The thought was chilling and disheartening as hell. 
	As he pondered, he drove quickly, too quickly, and had a near miss with a truck.  Must watch himself.  It was not impossible that he could end up like Joe with a bad accident.  The end of Mackenzie Haber, the nuisance, spoil sport, problem child.  He must be looking pretty important to the unknown others right now.  What, they were asking themselves, will he do next?  He must be careful, doubly careful, but he wouldn’t give up yet.  
	Joe and Mildred Scudder had a little horse farm--less than ten acres--off Highway 288, south of the city, where Mildred trained and bred paints for fun, “not for profit, that’s for danged sure,” Joe had always said ruefully.  Mackenzie unhooked the latch of the steel gate that led to the long drive.  Four horses grazed in a long side pasture, unimpressed by the car that kicked up gravel and dust alongside them.  They looked as if they had been splashed indiscriminately from buckets of white and black and brown paint.
	Mildred and Joe’s daughter opened the door to him.
	“Hello, Lucy, is your mother here?”
	“Sure is, Mr. Haber.  Won’t you come in?  Some of the relatives just left, and Mom was looking forward to seeing you.”
	“What about Floyd?”
	“He’s on his way from Germany.  His plane gets in tonight.”
	“Good.  I can’t tell you how sorry I am about your father.”  He patted her shoulder, and she leaned her head against him and began to quietly sob.
	“Lucy!”  Her mother came from the back room and strode toward Mackenzie.  Her eyes were dry, but her mouth was strained and hard.  “Leave that poor man alone.  Go on to your room if you can’t control yourself.”
	“It’s all right, Mildred.  I know how hard this is for all of you.”
	Lucy left the room, giving Mackenzie an apologetic smile.
	“Yep, and we may as well quit crying.  It won’t bring Joe back.  I don’t understand, Mac, how the hell this happened.”  She brushed a stray hair from her forehead.  Her arms and hands were brown and strong.
	“I don’t either, Mildred.  I’m looking into it.”
	“Why, Joe Scudder was the most careful man I know.  He used to drive me crazy about the horses.  ‘Don’t do the work yourself’, he’d say, as if I was a weakling.  ‘You’ll get a hoof in your gut one of these days.’  I could take care of myself, though, and now it seems poor Joe couldn’t do the same.”
	“He’d been working pretty hard.  I know, because I’d just--“
	”Hard, I’d say so!” Mildred interrupted, with a kind of fury in her voice.  “I begged him to get out of it.  He was overworked, always taking the hardest jobs.  He was probably worn out and got careless.  He was on a new well, wasn’t he?”
	Mackenzie nodded.  “He was always willing, asked for the tough assignments.”  Mildred didn’t have to know what he suspected about the so-called accident--not yet.
	“Just like him.  And just like Fowler to take advantage of him.  Fowler has cheated Joe from the time he came on board.”
	“Cheated?  He loved Joe.”
	“Oh, yeah, I don’t doubt he claims to have loved him, but he cheats on everybody he says he loves.”  She leaned back and lit a cigarette.  Her hand was trembling.
	“Cheated him in what?”  He couldn’t dispute her words.
	“Back in the late thirties.  They were working on a new drill stem testing something-or-other.  Joe talked about it.  He helped develop it, had the ideas, and the company patented it in the forties.  Joe never got a dime.”
	“This isn’t much comfort, but that’s usual business practice.  If someone is working for a company, the inventions go to company profits.  It might have been good to have given Joe a substantial bonus, though.”
	“Ha!  Fowler never gave Joe anything but plenty of hard work.  No bonus, no chance to buy into the company.”  Her bitterness was so intense, Mackenzie could only wish to depart.  He was here as a friend, but he also had to represent the company too.  At the moment, he didn’t much relish the role of company godfather.
	“Mildred, I’m arranging for a scholarship fund in Joe’s name at the drilling school.  Also, I know the insurance we carried on Joe is going to be very helpful.  You shouldn’t hurt for anything.”
	She swallowed and her composure, held together by anger, broke.  “Thanks, Mac.  You’ve always been decent.”  She leaned toward him, her eyes shiny with unspilled tears, and Mac gave her a kiss on her rough cheek.  Now he could leave, but he didn’t feel he had given much comfort.  How could he if he had been ultimately responsible for her husband’s death?


9

	Mackenzie thought he should try to lead as outwardly normal a life as possible for the benefit of any who might be keeping tabs on him.  He had a few anxious moments.  Was that solitary man by the elevator in the building lobby watching for him?  What about the maroon car so persistently behind him as he sped towards home?  Settle down!  He didn’t want to let his imagination run wild.  He needed to keep his head on straight, go about his business like a man without a secret.  
	He found the word “Hegira” in the dictionary: it had several meanings, from the forced flight of Mohammed from Mecca to Medina, to the term for the beginning of the Islam period, and generally, any flight to safety.  But other than its Islamic derivation, it was still a mystery.
	Despite the danger, he was eager to meet Teléah’s friend Thursday evening.  Sure, it could be a foolhardy move if the wrong people saw him going to the Israeli Consulate--for him, maybe for Teléah.  Anyone in his circle now seemed to be singled out for intimidation or, in the case of Joe, and maybe Leo, death.  He had an uneasy feeling about Leo’s death.  The danger was real.  Mustn’t be stupid.  He’d have to apply special tactics to shake anyone who might be following him.  
	In the meantime, there was Joe’s funeral.  During the service, he had to control his emotions as he thought of the sad end for Joe, as fine and loyal an employee as any company could wish for.  Fowler had no such inhibitions, openly sniffing, wiping his eyes, and blowing heartily at the conclusion of the service.  Mackenzie could hardly look at him.  What did he really feel?  So much duplicity, posturing.  
	 On their way out, they all shuffled past the open casket on the catafalque, and Mackenzie looked upon the features of Joe Scudder.  No amount of funereal makeup could disguise the skin roughened by years of labor in the sun and wind.  Mackenzie wondered what Joe had been spared if he’d asked the old toolpusher to go against Fowler and testify.  Had he been as quietly outraged as Mildred openly was about Fowler cheating him?  If so, then he might have done it without much protest.  He could have been the most important key to undermining the conspiracy.  Too late now.
	After the funeral and grave-side service, Mackenzie and Fowler were together in Fowler’s office, ostensibly to review the funeral and talk about Joe, “to wind down.”
	“I suppose we should have gone out to Joe’s place for the reception, but I couldn’t do it, Mac.”  
	Mackenzie noted Fowler’s recovery from his outburst at the funeral.  He was posed at the expanse of glass with a drink in his hand, stolid and massive with his broad shoulders and legs like tree trunks.  He should have had a voice like a fog horn instead of a ship’s pipe, high and shrill.  He had a nice suit today, though, dark blue worsted conventionally cut rather than the quasi-western look he sometimes affected.
	“I’m sure Mildred understood,” Fowler went on, nodding.  
	Mackenzie agreed.  Indeed she did.  But did Fowler? 
	The big man took his seat at the slab he considered his desk and removed a small meerschaum knife from his pocket.  He began to pare his fingernails.  “Back when Joe started with us, this company was no more than one of hundreds.  We all looked the same, but that changed soon enough.”
	“What was the difference?”  Familiar territory this, but Mackenzie in honor of the occasion deferred to Fowler’s reminiscing.  Every conversation now with the old man seemed to ring hollow.  Armed with the knowledge of Fowler’s cuckolding his supposedly favorite subordinate, Mackenzie saw every thing about his boss in a different light.  Tricia’s confession relieved him of feelings of treachery.  Now, he felt only satisfaction in contemplating plans to go against Fowler’s wishes on the Moho. 
	“Probably the drill stem testing device.  We were the first, and ours the best for years.”  He swept the nail shavings into his top drawer.  Then he pulled the drawer open farther and said, “Ha!  There it is.  I was looking for this goddamned picture the other day.”  He held out a yellowing, curled up enlargement of a photograph.
	Mackenzie saw a juvenile Joe and Fowler, looking uncomfortable in a huge moustache, arm in arm in front of an antiquated derrick.  “The Boomer Boys,” he laughed.
	“That whole damned rig nearly fell down on us.  The testing device created such a vibration I had to design a whole new derrick.”
	He did?  Or was that Joe’s idea, too?  “Joe was talking about the early days, too, when I met with him out at Diablo.”
	“Oh, yeah?”  Fowler was smiling.
	“He was fed up, though, Fowler.  Ready to retire; did you know that?”
	“Joe retire?  Hell, he was destined to die with his boots on sooner or later.  I’m just sorry it was sooner.  But he couldn’t give it up.”
	“What about you?”  Now Mackenzie smiled.  Mustn’t antagonize him, not now. “Won’t you feel at loose ends?”
	“I’m gonna be around some, but I’m tired, Mac.  I really am.  I’m ready for you to make the day-to-day decisions.”  He swiveled around behind him to the credenza and retrieved a folder.  “Look at this, for example.  Jeremy brought me these figures to consider.  He wants a temporary allocation of working capital to go to Alchemgro.  Says they need it to meet obligations next month.  You say we need capital for drilling expansion.  So what would you do in my shoes?”
	So Jeremy had done an end run to Fowler.  Couldn’t blame him for that.  “Let Alchemgro cut back--temporarily.  Reduce production, lay off part-time help.  The drilling operation has to be emphasized during this crisis and for the foreseeable future.”
	“I thought that’s what you’d say.”  He leaned back in his chair.  “But how do we know the crisis is going to last very long?”
	Was this a management exam?  If so, he was a little late.  But Mackenzie played his part well, reiterating all the key points.
	Fowler nodded.  “Good.  I like your reasoning.”  He scribbled something on the folder and tossed it behind him.
“Yep, I think I can safely let you handle things, Mac.”
	“But it’ll be hard on you, hard to let go.”  He hated the sound of his smarmy voice as he pulled the right strings.
	He nodded in agreement.  “It will, it will.  I’ve given my life to this business, fought like a tiger so we’d have the upper hand, but could be that’s not what’s needed now.  Times is a’changin’, Mac, and I’m too old and stubborn to change.”
	“You too old?  Never!  You’ve always been open to new ideas.  If you think it’s time to relax some, that’s different.  You deserve that.”  Not too long ago Mackenzie could have repeated the gratuitous remarks without mentally flinching. 
	Fowler looked pleased.  He took out a cigar and, using a tool on his knife, carefully clipped one end of the cigar.  “I know you’ve been feeling like you hit a dry hole these past couple of weeks, Mac.  I hope by now your good sense has got the best of you.”
	Mackenzie was caught by surprise.  He had not expected Fowler to bring up the subject, however obliquely.  But of course he was hoping to wind it up.  Make sure no loose ends of doubt were flapping in Mackenzie’s head.  At once he was aware of both an opportunity and a danger more immediate than the threat that lurked outside this room.  His promotion was still hanging in the balance; he’d not worked like a slave all these years to be shut out by a Fowler suspicious of his loyalty.  Yet the moment called for candidness.
	“It’s hardly been out of my mind for a minute day or night.”
	Fowler was calm today.  No barking reminders.  His face drooped in weighty piles of flesh, and he spoke with a kind of grieving lassitude.  “I had a feeling we hadn’t put an end to it.  Honest to God, Mac, if I’d a’thought we’d do any good in the long run I might could go along with you.  Even if the company was spared, if you and I could avoid prosecution, we have to think about the other effects of opening up the Moho.”
	“I have thought about it, Fowler,” Mackenzie said quietly. 
	“You know there’s not a geologist alive who could predict what would happen if we started emptying that region of hydrocarbons.  Volcanoes, earthquakes--who knows, the crust might collapse.”
	Mackenzie gave a derisive laugh.  “You might have spared me that, Fowler.  We both know that there’d be about as much effect in siphoning off the Moho as sipping Lake Michigan through a straw.  But we shouldn’t be debating the dangers.  I still believe others with greater responsibility should have that option.”
	“Responsibility!” Fowler exploded.  “Our greatest responsibility is to ourselves.  It’s the same for everybody, and that’s a fact.  Why torture yourself?  Get the fucking bastards before they get you.  Work hard, serve your own interests, within the rules of the game, and you’ll see progress and prosperity.  What’s wrong there?  That’s how we get all the benefits of
civilization.”
	Mackenzie couldn’t speak for a moment.  Fowler’s twisted credo had a resonance of truth that hit him between the eyes.  It was pretty much how he had conducted himself all these years.  “Rules of the game,” he murmured.  Then, beginning cautiously, he said, “Maybe we have a different idea about what the rules are.  But as I see it, we aren’t operating within the rules.  That’s the flaw in all this.”
	Why was he arguing?  There was no point.  Fowler had no idea--or if he did he’d long ago crushed it--that they’d subverted the common good.  Personal sacrifice was never part of Fowler’s code.  But what about his own willingness to sacrifice?  
	“I’ve been trying to understand why I caved in to the cover-up so readily.  The fact is, come what may, we will have lived a lie, this company’s success will have been a farce if we continue to prosper from this conspiracy.  But beyond that,  if we allow the costs of energy to rise and never disclose the truth, we have no right to call ourselves honorable businessmen, do we?  Haven’t we covered up something so important it literally has been affecting the whole world?”
	Instead of shouting back at him, Fowler looked thoughtful for a moment.  “Hell, you act naive sometimes, Mac.  Everybody covers up something if it serves their purposes.  I’m frankly surprised that it hasn’t leaked out before now--oh, not from you,” he said hurriedly.  “I’ve often wondered who might know about this now with Elkins and the President gone.”
	“What difference does it make?  No one in the government wants it disclosed for security reasons.  I presume they have orders to protect the file.”
	“But someday we might want it known.  Not now, but someday.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“What if the world’s supply of oil lessens drastically for whatever reason--OPEC be damned.  Say the pools have been emptied or OPEC gets really crosswise with the West and puts oil, for all practical purposes, out of reach.  Maybe there wouldn’t be enough energy to go around.  Somebody who has the plans for a new supply could be king of all he surveys.  It won’t be me.  It might not be you.  But it might be your son.”
	“But if we’re gone, how could it be released?  How could it be proved with no access to the classified files?”
	Fowler smiled.  “That’s been my little secret.  I’ve made provision for you to be part of this too.  Thirteen years ago I arranged some protection for Gravely and Fox, a way to cash in on reopening the Moho.” 
	This could only mean one thing.  “You’ve got copy of the wireline tape?”
	“You didn’t think I’d let myself be taken to the cleaners by that shithead Elkins, did you?”  Fowler gave his high, whinnying laugh.  “And it’ll be yours after I’m gone, to do with as you see fit.  Just remember, Mac, that everything I do is for the long term good and continuation of this company.  Someday, my little secret could put Gravely and Fox and whoever’s at its head onto the crest of a wave like nothing you’ve even seen.  It’s my legacy to the company. 
	“Right now, in the short term, it looks bad for Israel.  But they’ve got to take responsibility for themselves.  If they think they can continually rely on the United States for protection, they might as well pack it up now anyway.  They happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, that’s all.” 
	Mackenzie was amazed that he could carry on without betraying his excitement.  Fowler had a copy of the records, for God’s sake.  No wonder Hegira had been cautious about eliminating him as Fowler’s heir.  That Fowler might have deviated so radically from the agreement by having his own copy was not surprising.  But why hadn’t he suspected Fowler of doing just that?  A copy could have been made, and Fowler would have had the opportunity when they stopped in Houston before setting off for Washington.    
	He needed time to consider what Fox had told him and what it meant.  For now, he merely gazed at Fowler mutely, nodding.  Then, feeling he should respond, he said, “This has really taken me by surprise, Fowler.  I’m honored, of course, that you shared this with me.”  
	“Not at all, my boy.  Not at all.  Now you know why I’ve been so anxious for you to see it my way.”
	Mackenzie gave him a half smile and stood up.  He asked to be excused.  Press of business.
	“Sure, sure, Mac.  You go on ahead.”  He stood up and reached for Mackenzie’s hand.  “I’ve appreciated our little talk.  I think you do, too.  Am I right?  Eh?  By the way, I’ve got it figured out why you’re so interested in Israel all of a sudden.”  He gave Mackenzie a look from under his eyebrows.  “You’re a sly one, keeping her all to yourself.  Teléah, yes.  Good looking woman.  Make hay while the sun shines, boy.  She won’t be around here much longer.”
*
	Jeremy put down the receiver carefully as if anyone might hear its click in the cradle and become suspicious even though he was safely behind closed doors in his own office.  He was nervous about all this, he had to admit.  Today, when the mid-week call came, he had little to report.  With the funeral and all Mac’s involvement in making arrangements, nothing of interest or importance had come up.
	The whole business might seem distasteful to some, but the man, Davros, assured him his work would be a contribution to the security of the country.
	“How so?” he had asked the man, puzzled.  His visit to Jeremy’s home had come out of the blue last Monday after Jeremy’s talk with Mac in his office.  An infuriating talk that had left Jeremy shaking with impotent anger.  He had stepped over Mac’s patronizing assessment and detailed a request to Fowler directly.  It was later, that evening after work, when he noticed a car waiting outside his condo and a man who emerged to hail him.
	“Mr. Willis?”
	“Yes . . .” he had answered coldly.  He was expert at warding off salesmen.
	But the man had immediately introduced himself, with a half-apologetic spelling of his name, “of Greek origin,” and offered Willis a glance at his official looking I.D. card with his picture clearly displayed.  An agency of the government, Security Enforcement, wasn’t it?  The man had asked to talk privately with him, so he had led him into the coolness, the neatness of his bachelor quarters.  He’d suggested a drink, but Davros refused graciously, saying he was still “on duty.”
	“What’s this all about?” Willis asked warily.  He’d never been mixed up with the law or officialdom and planned to keep it that way.
	“As you know, there’s a world crisis looming which requires us to monitor individuals whose activities may inadvertently aid and abet those who wish to embarrass the United States.  Frankly, one of those individuals is your colleague Mackenzie Haber.  Not,” he said in a rush, holding up a pacifying hand, “that Mr. Haber has done anything wrong, but he has some connections that could prove to be an embarrassment if he takes the wrong turn.  We may have to intervene.”
	Jeremy felt a thrill run through him at Davros’ words, but he merely said, “This is a shock to hear.  I can’t believe Mac would cause a problem if he knew it.  Why don’t you just go to him, talk to him about it?”
	“That’s the problem.  He would be alerted to the situation, which is Top Secret.  We can’t talk to him about it without giving it away.  And we don’t wish to either frighten him or cause undue distress.”
	“Why have you come to me?”
	“You can help us by simply monitoring Haber’s activities, within reason, of course, for the next few weeks.  If he embarks on any journeys, meets with people unknown to you in your usual conduct of business, that sort of thing.”
	Jeremy was overwhelmed with the request, slightly befuddled by what he was being asked to do.  Was this on the level?  No trick to test his loyalty?  No, Fowler would have no reason to go to such lengths.  At the office, Jeremy and Mac appeared to be nothing more than worthy adversaries, each promoting his own interests.  Mac must really be in some sort of precarious situation.  
	Finally, after a long pause, he said, “Are you asking me to spy on Mac?”
	Davros shrugged.  “That’s a harsh word, Mr. Willis.  We want you to observe Haber’s activities and report anything that may be deemed out of the ordinary, that may show heightened or unusual activity on his part.”  
	He reached into the breast pocket of his jacket and removed a thick envelope.  “I’ve been authorized to hand this over to you.  It will compensate, we hope, for the work you do for us.”  He smiled.  “We can’t expect you to work for nothing.”
	Jeremy took the envelope and looked inside.  “It looks like a great deal of money.”
	“Five thousand.”
	Not that much after all.  Just a little more than he made in a week.  But money was not the important consideration.  He would be doing something to help the security of the country, perhaps, and himself in the long run.  “How long must I do this--observing?”
	Davros waved his hand.  “No more than, say, a month to six weeks.  The situation shall no doubt be resolved by that time.  If we have to extend our surveillance beyond next month, you’ll receive another visit from me, and we’ll negotiate further.”
	“How will I contact you with information?”
	“We’ll contact you by telephone, in person if it becomes necessary, twice a week.  Each Wednesday at your office at 3:00 p.m. or every hour thereafter until we reach you.  Each Sunday at 1:00 at your place.  If you have important news, something extraordinary, you may reach me at this number.”  He handed Jeremy a slip of paper.
	“I don’t know.  You say this is to monitor his activities.  He won’t get in trouble with the government if I report them to you?” 
	“Not at all!  This is a precautionary measure to prevent him from getting into difficulties.”  Davros rose from his chair.  He held out his hand.  “Then we can count on you?”
	“I guess so.  Yes.”  What did he have to lose, to risk?  This could be exactly the break he was waiting for--a way to discredit Mac to Fowler after this was all over.
	Since that meeting with Davros, he had been able to report about the trip to Washington, the visit to Diablo.  He even mentioned Mackenzie’s class that was finishing up the semester.  He asked his secretary to inform him if she ever discovered anything unusual about Mac’s activities.  She went out to lunch occasionally with Mac’s secretary.  All the secretaries but Fowler’s Nora seemed to be on friendly terms.  
	Jeremy and his secretary had an understanding; he knew Kay was as eager as he to occupy the President’s Suite.  He had hinted to her right along that Mac was trying to discredit him, so Kay was already suitably motivated.  He would give her an extra nice bonus this year, he had added.
	The only news Kay had given him to report at the Sunday call rankled bitterly.  She discovered from Mac’s secretary that Mac had been invited to the Foxes’ for dinner Saturday night.  Now more than ever Jeremy wanted Mac taken down a peg or two.  A private dinner with Fowler.  This wasn’t exactly news to be passed on to Davros, but she further said his date was a fellow instructor at the university--an Israeli woman!  Maybe Mac was up to his ass in politics because of a woman.  On the other hand, all of this could mean nothing, but as far as his “job” was concerned, it seemed the easiest, tax-free five thousand he’d ever earned.
*
	Mackenzie was at his desk when Em burst into his office.
	“Mac!  I’m sorry to interrupt, but this cable just came through from Walker in Cairo.”  She held out her copy of the message.
	He scanned it quickly.  This could be serious with tension so high in the area.  Walker reported loss of contact with one of their rigs operating in the Gulf of Suez.  Walker as Chief Mid East Operations Manager was doing his job.  Thanks to Walker’s diligence in checking the safety of their rigs in that part of the world, the home office was always on top of things. 
	“I’d like to talk to Walker,” he told Em.  “If it’s just a communication problem with Well Wedger 4, no big deal, but I need to know right away.  Try to reach him, no matter if it takes all day.”
	“Right.  Anything else?”
	He thought for a moment.  “No, not until I talk to Walker.”  
	“You’re not going to Cairo?”  She gave him a worried look.
	“I’m not planning on it yet.  But even if I do, Egypt should maintain its neutral position.  I wouldn’t voluntarily put myself in the middle of a fight.”  As if that wasn’t what my life here amounted to.
	“See that you don’t,” she said, with mock sternness, and left the room.
	Walker’s call came through late afternoon, but he’d heard nothing from Well Wedger 4.  
	“I think a surveillance plane, don’t you?” Mackenzie suggested.  “I want to know about it as soon as they sight the rig.  If the rig has been attacked, call or wire me immediately.” 
	Walker agreed.  The time difference complicated communication between Cairo and Houston, but Mackenzie thought he should hear something within twelve hours.
	He mused about this region where the company’s rigs suddenly seemed vulnerable.  It could prove to be a difficult time for any American company out there.  The U. S. government was not going to get stirred up over random acts of violence against an American drilling company, though, and risk a confrontation; Gravely and Fox would be on its own.  
	Furthermore, Teléah would have no chance to be smuggled into her country, using one of their rigs as a jumping off place.  A good deal for him; he’d not been quite ready to bid her goodbye.  Not for the first time, he tried to squelch the temptation to think about her, but always at the back of his thoughts was his readiness to deepen their relationship on any terms for any length of time.  He’d entertained plenty of thoughts about taking her to bed, but she’d given him no encouragement.  Nonetheless, despite his interest in having her remain in the vicinity, he knew she’d be heartbroken if she couldn’t immediately return to her homeland.
	He clenched his fists.  Damn!  This threat was so stupid, so uncivilized!  Everything turned upside down just because people couldn’t live and let live.  He could never acquiesce to Fowler’s notion that Israel had to accept its victim status and give up the fight.  He wondered what this Chaim Ben Hoshen, Teléah’s friend, could tell him about the conditions in Israel.  He’d know Thursday if the diplomats had gotten word ahead of Fowler’s sources.  He wondered if the Arabs had moderated their view as to its destruction.  Made any concessions.  Probably not.  

















10

	Teléah had refused his offer to drive her to the Consulate.  She was having dinner with Chaim.  They should be back by 9:00.  Could he meet them there?  The guard would be alerted to admit him since it would be after hours.
	He agreed and hung up the phone, chagrined at her response to his offer.  Again he had to put down possessive feelings about her that kept muscling their way in.  Just a dinner party at Fowler’s, for God’s sake, which wasn’t, strictly speaking, a date.  It had been not been any more personal than one of their meetings at the university.  
	But he had more important things to do than to pine after a woman he knew so slightly and was soon to part from.  In fact, it might be better all around if he kept a discreet distance from her, not just because of the futility of hoping for something more, but in the interests of their safety.  
	He set off in plenty of time Thursday evening to circumvent anyone who might be following him, feeling like a stock character in a spy film as he maneuvered the car through a parking garage, up two levels, and then to the exit where he paid the minimum, leaving a block away from where he entered the garage.  He looked in the rear view mirror; no one had pulled out from the garage immediately after him.  That might have done the trick if he really had watch dogs on his tail.  His car was noticeable, however; he chided himself for not taking Rick’s Monza, which was installed for the duration of the European trip in Mackenzie’s garage at the condo.

*
	Also Thursday evening, another resident of one of the many condos in the Galleria area, Jeremy Willis, was just leaving his own place.  He saw the silver Mercedes sports coupe ahead of him and got a glimpse of the driver.  Mac!  He hadn’t seemed to notice him.  But his black Volvo looked like hundreds of other cars.  He was several car lengths behind as he continued to drive toward the office. 
	In front of him he saw Mac take off down the street, while he had to sit for a traffic signal.  He wondered if Mac had a date.  Women seemed to like him.  Even his Kay acted silly when Mac was around.  Jeremy drove off, taking his time and watching the traffic.  Then, amazingly, Mac swung out from a side street directly ahead of him.
	Without a clear thought except the desire to get something solid against his competitor, Jeremy kept up with the easy-to-follow car.  When it turned into the drive of the Israeli Consulate, Jeremy sailed on past, flabbergasted.  What on earth could Mac be doing with the Israelis at this time of night?  Sometimes the firm had to negotiate drilling contracts through the different legations, mainly Mid Eastern countries, but normally during business hours.  Sunday then, he would have something interesting to report to Davros.
* 
	His arrival at the Consulate gates seemed to have gone unnoticed, Mackenzie thought, with a backward glance for lurking cars.  A few were driving past, but as far as he could tell, no special one had followed him.  After being admitted through the gates, he parked his car and ran up the front steps.  He rang another bell and gained entrance to the Consulate.  After signing the register but before he could look around, the aide motioned him toward a short hallway and showed him into Chaim Ben Hoshen’s office.  Chaim and Teléah smiled warmly at him and rose to their feet when he entered.  Teléah introduced the two men to one another.
	Chaim kept his hand after a brief shake and led him to a comfortable leather chair.  “Please, sit, my friend.  A drink?”
	As he mixed the drinks, Chaim kept up a patter of amenities that went on far longer than any introduction to a meeting Mackenzie had ever attended.  Inquiries about his son and his schooling, his travels in Europe, Mackenzie’s own travels, his business.  Mackenzie in turn admired the art work, spoke of his pleasure in meeting Teléah this year, “My first Israeli friend.”
	“Not your last, we hope,” said Chaim genially.  He was utterly different from the professional men Mackenzie knew--urbane in his manner, continental in his dress.  Smooth, yes, but a physical type for all that, Chaim exuded a kind of animal presence.  Yet here was no rough sabra, belligerent and defensive.  But then, he was a diplomat.
	“Do you, too, have family in Israel?” Mackenzie inquired.
	He wagged his head in regret.  “Alas, I’m alone.  My parents both died several years ago.  My only brother was killed in the war in ‘67.”
	“Sorry to hear that.  Did you serve?”
	Chaim nodded.  “Of course.  But I was lucky; my brother was not.”  He had brought his desk chair into a grouping around the fireplace with Mackenzie and Teléah.  
	“Now, I would be grateful to know what from your perspective is happening with the oil supply.  Is the U. S. keeping ahead of the reduction from OPEC?”
	“Barely.  We--our company--has expanded to deeper drilling.  The companies we contract with have agreed that’s the best option for now.  No one seems to think we could hold out long if an embargo is effected, however.  We still have too much dependence on Mid Eastern oil.”
	Chaim made a face.  “That’s what I keep hearing.  Somehow, we all have been hoping for a miracle, an unexpected vast reserve opening up.”
	Mackenzie shot Teléah a glance.  Had she told Chaim about the Moho?  But she shook her head.  Chaim looked at both of them, frank curiosity in his face.
	“What goes on?  Have I said something I shouldn’t have?”
	Mackenzie laughed.  “No, I’m sorry.  Your wish for a miracle was so on target I couldn’t help but wonder about it.  Teléah knows, but I didn’t think she’d tell you about it before I did.”
	“Tell me what?”
	“Chaim,” said Teléah gently, “you must be patient and listen to an incredible story.  Mackenzie is hoping you can help.”  She was wearing a cream silk blouse and beige slacks this evening. With her legs crossed, the sleek and shapely line of her hips was shown to great advantage, Mackenzie couldn’t help but note.
	The diplomat was instantly alert.  “I will do what you want, listen at the least and help if I can.”
	“No bugs or recording devices?” Mackenzie asked, looking around him.
	“Absolutely not!  We are a paranoid people, true, and with good reason, but our confidences here are sacrosanct.  This is, remember, a piece of Israeli soil.”
	Mackenzie began what he thought of as the tale of shame, aware of the irony of keeping it under wraps for thirteen years and now telling two foreigners, virtual strangers, about it within two weeks.  The story seemed more convoluted this time with both Chaim and Teléah interrupting him to clarify details.  As he concluded, informing them of the phone call received by Tricia, Teléah gasped.
	“I knew it could get dangerous, Mackenzie,” she said with concern.  “I hope no one saw you tonight and followed you here.  They might get very excited about your connection to the Israeli Consulate.”
	“I took precautions, and I don’t think I was, but I’m just an amateur at this game.”
	“Game,” said Chaim, musing.  “It is a game as I told you, Teléah.  And you, Mackenzie Haber, are holding the trumps.  Do I understand you don’t know how to play your cards?”
	“No.  That’s why I came here.  I have nowhere else to go.  I can’t go to any official of my government.  An investigation would prove fatal to the honor and prestige of my company.  Not to mention the fallout on me and the other conspirators and, most importantly, my country.  But I can’t sit on this knowledge and let Israel slide into the arms of the Arabs.”
	“A most terrifying embrace,” Teléah murmured.
	“I can see you’ve thought about this a great deal, Mackenzie--I may call you that?  Please call me Chaim.”  He gave Mackenzie a smile, but his eyes were serious.  “So you have no ideas at all about how to release the information while protecting your reputation and the reputation of the United States.”
	“None, I’m afraid.”
	“What about simply finding a likely place where you have an active well and just go deeper, go to the Moho?  You could then claim discovery.  Or at the least, provide an endless supply of oil for the West.”  Chaim still looked unruffled, as if their conversation was merely a preliminary negotiation between friendly powers.
	Mackenzie stifled a sigh.  It was hard explaining to those without basic knowledge.  He would have to make clear that any drilling to the Moho would have to take place at least a mile down to the ocean floor where the crust’s the thinnest.  Geologists, he told Chaim, could land drill to nearly 24,000 feet now, but that would be miles above the discontinuity.  He went through the difficulties step by step, watching Chaim’s face.  Impassive.  An ocean-going project would be so complicated and expensive that it would take the combined efforts of thousands of people just to get it in place, which could hardly go unnoticed.  Fifteen years ago when the project was funded, Project Moho cost over eighty million.  With today’s inflated prices the cost alone would call attention to the drilling even if he could get others to go along with it.
	Chaim nodded but still seemed unconvinced.   Mackenzie felt a wry amusement in spite of himself.  God knows he himself had spent endless hours turning the situation around in his head hoping for the right solution to emerge.  Chaim, like Teléah, wouldn’t find it so easy either.
	“And even if Mackenzie went over his boss’s head,” Teléah added, “he’d still have to have some proof for his backers to go deeper than usual.  How could he secure support without records indicating the presence of hydrocarbons?”
	“I see,” Chaim said thoughtfully.
	“And that’s not all, Chaim,” Teléah continued anxiously.  “A man that works for Mackenzie was killed last week in a mysterious accident at a drilling site in West Texas.  It might be murder.  Right, Mackenzie?”  At his nod, she went on, “This man had been present on the original expedition, and Mackenzie hoped to use him as a material witness.  Mackenzie himself could be in grave danger.”
	Mackenzie brought up his fears that Leo’s death looked more and more suspicious, and his ex-wife’s mysterious call appeared to have ominous origins.  “The Hegira keeps coming up.  Have you heard of any such group?”
	Chaim made a negative gesture.  “But I may not have the latest information.  These terrorists spring up and operate for a while, then die back and another more active or ruthless group takes over.  The Hegira?  Means flight to safety, usually.  Of course it could be symbolic for rising Islam of the radical variety.”  He went over to his desk and removed some photos from a drawer.
	“Take a look at these men, Mackenzie.  They are all associated with a fanatic Islamic sect.  This man here,” he went on, pointing to a picture that showed a man from a distance of ten or so feet, “is newly arrived in Houston but no stranger.   He has studied in New York.  Keep an eye out for him; he has an excellent command of English, a perfect disguise for espionage and worse.”
	Mackenzie examined the pictures closely, especially the one noted.  He saw a man with heavy features, a typical Arabic face.  “But it makes no sense for an Islamic group to be pursuing me and killing others over this.  They surely don’t know about the discovery.”
	“Why not?” Teléah said.  “They could have had someone undercover on the expedition and were witnesses to the discovery.”
	But Mackenzie objected to that possibility because of the extreme security of the project.  “Whoever it may be, and however they got their information, I feel hunted.   I’m going crazy trying to work through all the new developments at my work while constantly at odds with myself about what to do about the Moho.  Now I feel I have to watch my back at the same time. 
	Teléah looked hopefully at Chaim.  “You see?  The difficulties are endless.”
	Chaim frowned.  “This bears thinking about.  I can’t give a facile answer to a complex problem.  A great deal hangs on how this is handled.  It requires all of us to ponder on it hard,” he tapped his head sharply, “and find a solution.  And find some proof that would be convincing.  Not that I don’t believe you,” he added hastily, “but for the world to accept such a fantastic story, it must be absolutely without a blemish of doubt.  The scientists themselves would, I presume, scoff at such a notion.”
	“I’ve learned something recently that may offer hope to getting proof,” Mackenzie said.  “There’s a copy of the original wireline tape.  This copy could give us the scientific data.”
	“But this is wonderful!” Teléah exclaimed.  “Where is it?”
	Without naming names, Mackenzie told of his being in line to eventually take possession of the document.  Not an immediate possibility, however, and he had no idea where it might be located.	
	“Fowler?” asked Teléah.
	Mackenzie nodded.  He couldn’t help feeling like a stool pigeon, a fink, even with his better understanding of Fowler’s character.  He must keep focused on his mission.
	“Would he have it in a bank safety deposit box?” asked Chaim.
	“I doubt it.  He’d want no one to see it, to stumble on what it actually is.  A lawyer might have to get into his bank box.”  He thought for a moment.  “But he does have small vault at the company, virtually his own private one.  I don’t know what he keeps in it, other than a few business documents, maybe some cash and valuable personal items.  Unfortunately, I haven’t yet been given the combination, but maybe I could arrange to get it without Fowler knowing.”
	Chaim nodded.  “That would be a start.  Get in the vault and see what you can find.  Don’t, however, take anything away if you find the tape.  Not yet, not until we know what to do with it.  It’s important that no one be alerted to your activities.”
	“I understand.”
	“And if you need to confer with me about anything, anything at all, call me at either of these numbers.  This one will reach my apartment.”  He scribbled the numbers on a piece of paper torn from a small tablet.
	Mackenzie tucked it in his wallet, thanking both Chaim and Teléah for their help.  He was surprised to see that it was past midnight.  He apologized for keeping them so late; the two Israelis looked at each other and laughed.  Chaim approached him and reached up to clasp his shoulders.
	“You have presented us, Mackenzie, with a prize potentially so fabulous we should be bowing down to you.  Don’t apologize for anything.  Let me shake your hand for your honesty and frankness and trust.”
	These Mediterranean types, thought Mackenzie on the way to his car, and their elaborate speech.  He had been embarrassed by Chaim’s words, but it was nice to reflect on the look that had come over Teléah’s face when they had parted, something between admiration and sympathy.  
	He was still troubled by the unknown Hegira.  Could a newly formed Arab delegation of terrorists be stalking him and the others?  Maybe it was true that they had somehow found out about the Moho and were determined to keep news of the discovery from surfacing during the embargo negotiations.  Mackenzie had no illusions about the desperate measures fanatics could and would resort to.
*
	Teléah prepared to leave the Consulate following Mackenzie’s departure, but Chaim held her back.  “Give it a few minutes.  You must be prudent now,” he cautioned.  He led her to a row of straight chairs for visitors in the entry hall, which was veiled in darkness except for an occasional lighted wall sconce.  They were alone.  Teléah leaned her head against the heavily carved back of the chair.  It was hard and uncomfortable, but she was too tired to care.
	“What a man!” Chaim exclaimed as they settled themselves.  “How very American he is.”
	“What does that mean?”
	Chaim shrugged.  “I mean his open face, his trusting nature.  Are they fools or not, I always ask myself.  It’s like taking candy from a baby.”
	Teléah sat up.  “I don’t like the sound of that.  You surely mean to help him?  You won’t disclose any of his information until a plan is worked out?  He does trust you.”
	“We don’t have much time, Teléah, and I’m afraid there’s only one possible course, provided he gets hold of the tape.  We’ll have to let our government break the story . . .”  He frowned.  “That will, of course, put us in the bad with the United States for the time being.  We’d be discrediting it for the earlier Administration’s conspiracy and perhaps its ongoing collusion.  That is bad diplomacy.  In fact, we can’t afford to alienate the United States.”  He paused.  “I think I see the problem Mackenzie is facing.” 
	“Yes, that’s exactly what he’s trying to avoid.  He has a great deal at stake, too.”  She touched his arm.  “You seemed to support him, though.”
	“Oh, I do.  If he is on the level.  But I don’t want us to be dupes, pulled into a plot that has no conclusion--or the wrong conclusion.  I’d like to know why he’s so eager to help us.  What’s he getting out of all this?  It’s not natural to put oneself in harm’s way.  After all, the so-called conspiracy remains intact.  He has nothing to fear if he keeps his mouth shut.  Why then, is he so willing to jeopardize everything for the sake of an insignificant country like Israel that means nothing to him?”
	Teléah made an impatient gesture with her hand.  “You really don’t understand him, do you?  Yes, he’s safe, but he knows he’d done wrong in being part of that conspiracy, no matter what pressure had been brought to bear.”  She gave a soft laugh.  “‘Righteousness shall be the belt around his waist, and faithfulness the belt around his loins.’”
	“What’s that?  Something from Isaiah if memory serves.”
	“Of course.  You should know.  We were thoroughly schooled.  We have before us a man with a conscience.  He wants to do right.  Even though he seems to have prospered since the original expedition, the past has been eating away at him.  He must offer himself as retribution in order to save himself.”
	“So, in a word, he’s also motivated by guilt.”
	“Guilt, I suppose.  But something more, too.  Surely you remember what it is to have a cause larger than self.”
	“Yes,” Chaim admitted, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.
	“That should tell you he’s exactly what he seems--honorable, upright, and courageous.  I know him, and I believe he really wants to do the right thing.”
	Chaim raised his eyebrow at her.  “Oh, a paragon.  And it doesn’t hurt that he’s tall and immoderately handsome, I suppose.  And a successful man of enterprise.  Everything that I am not.”
	“That is absurd to suggest.  You treat me as if I’m longing for another man.  Why do you tease me this way?”
	He laughed at her expression.  “Because you rise so charmingly to the bait.”
	“I have no interest in him except as a fellow human being trying to rectify a wrong and gain peace of mind.  I admire him, of course, for his position on this, but throw off that jealous mantle.  It doesn’t become you.”
	He shrugged again and said, “I’ll take your word for it, even though I think you’re fooling yourself.  Well, we should know within the week if he’s able to come up with the location of the copy.   Meanwhile, maybe we can help him formulate a plan.  Somehow we must release the information without bringing disaster on him and all concerned.  Also, I’ll check some more on the mysterious Hegira and see if we have any information on it or any other suspicious Arabs who are in Houston.”





















11

	Emily Bainbridge sat at her desk, one ear cocked for Mac’s arrival.  She had been busy typing a report he’d handed her the last thing on Friday, and she prided herself on her quick response to his requests, his needs, spoken or unspoken.  
	He was the best boss in the world.  He worked her hard, always had, serious when it came to his job and the company’s business.  But he had a wonderful disposition, considerate always and cheerful for the most part, except when a problem was pressing on him.  Even then, he didn’t snap at her the way Fowler did Nora.  And poor Kay with that snide Jeremy to contend with!  Em thanked her lucky stars she had landed in Mackenzie’s office so many years ago.
	But she knew her feelings went beyond mere appreciation for his management qualities.  She supposed she was in love with him.  Had been from nearly the beginning when he was a married man.  After the divorce, she had wondered if she had a chance, but his interest in her was strictly professional.  It didn’t matter; she was able to derive painful pleasure from her daily association with him as his oh-so-proper secretary.  Her goal was never to cause him to complain about her.  In fact, she’d thought it would be wonderful to make some noble sacrifice for him.  He wouldn’t know, of course, until after she was gone how deeply attached she’d been, how single minded her devotion.  She smiled when she thought such fanciful things.
*
	 Mackenzie was grateful that the company’s business had escalated and required so much of his attention, at least on the surface of his mind.  It kept his thoughts from turning constantly to his problem.  On the other hand, he believed that if he could only have a while to think everything through, a plan might come to him.  Now Chaim Ben Hoshen was thinking about it too.  That was reassuring.  
	For now, on this bright and hot Monday morning, taking a breather from the taxing responsibilities of his work, he emptied his mind of business affairs so he could plot his course.  Verify his suspicion that Fowler had stored the tape in his vault upstairs.  But how could he gain entry without alerting Fowler?  He had pondered his problem over the weekend and had decided that most likely, Nora had the combination.  But if he asked her for it, she’d be quick to mention his interest to Fowler.  She was nothing if not loyal to her boss.
	He called for Em to come in.  He hadn’t wanted to involve her, but this was something she could probably do better than he.
	And she too was loyal to her boss.
	“Sit down, Em, I want to talk to you a minute.”  God, this was hard.  
	“Sure, Mac, what’s up?”  She had her note pad at the ready, positioned on one crossed knee carefully covered by her skirt.
	He stood up and began to pace.  “I need your help in getting into the vault upstairs.”
	“But you--“
	He stopped her.  “I know I could get it, but I don’t want Fowler to know I want in there.  This sounds peculiar, I know.  I can’t even tell you what it’s about, but it’s vitally important that I take a look around that vault for something.  Don’t worry, you won’t be party to a robbery.”  Not yet, anyhow.
	They both smiled, and then Em said, “What can I do to help, Mac?  It doesn’t bother me a bit putting one over on Fowler.  If you must know, I don’t like him much with his barking out orders.  He expects everyone to bend to his will like we were his slaves.  He treats Nora like she’s his geisha rather than a secretary.  I shouldn’t be surprised to find her kneading his back with her bare feet.”
	Mackenzie gave her a weak smile.  
	“The fact is, Em, I need to get the combination to the vault.  I doubt if the lock’s on a timer, but only Fowler has access to it.  I suppose he uses it mainly for personal items, jewelry, paintings, collectibles.  He probably has some company cash reserves there, too.  In the old days, keeping cash for deals was obligatory.  He may also have something else there that involves me.  That’s what I’m interested in.  In a sense, it’s my property too.  And I must get a look at it.”
	“You want me to get the combination.”  She reflected, tapping her cheek with the eraser end of her pencil.  
	“I don’t have any suggestions, either.  It’s a problem.  I wonder where Nora keeps the combination?  In her desk?”  He had considered pilfering it.
	Em said firmly.  “In her file.  I remember now.  I got it from her once.”
	“You did?”
	“Yes.  One time, years ago, you handed me some cash after you got back from a trip and told me to deposit it.  It was late in the day, as I recall, and I couldn’t get to the bank.  I went in to see Nora about it, and she said I could leave it in the vault overnight or over the weekend, I forget which.  She went to her file and handed me the combination.”
	“Wow.  A breach of security.  Wouldn’t Fowler be pissed.”
	“I could try it again.  Got any cash?”  She grinned at him.
	“We’ll just get some.”  He rummaged in his wallet and took out the bills.  They added up to a little over one hundred dollars.  “Need more than this.”
	“I’ll cut up some paper instead of using your money.  It’ll make a nice bundle.  I’ll seal it in a brown envelope, and she’ll never be the wiser.”
	“Terrific, Em.”
	“I have to warn you that she may want to take it up herself.  I’ll try to pick a time when she’s busy cleaning out her desk or writing thank you notes.  She won’t like being interrupted.”  
	“I’ll leave the timing to you.  You’re a peach.” 
	“Just doing my little job.”  She turned to him on her way to the door.  “You should know I’d do anything for you, Mac.”  She left the room hurriedly.
	He stared at the door she had closed behind her, discomfited.  There it was again.  She had personal feelings for him.  His appreciation of her had been for her many good secretarial qualities.  He felt like a heel, using her in this way, but the matter was too important for quibbling over scruples.  He’d try to square it with her later, after the Moho question was settled.
	Mackenzie had been prepared to stay late and visit the vault after everyone had left.  But whenever he checked with Em about seeing Nora, she only said, “Not yet.  I’ll let you know.”  Finally, at 4:30, she stepped into his office and said, “I’m sorry, Mac.  I couldn’t find the moment today.  She wasn’t the least busy, drinking coffee and making hair and nail appointments for herself and Fowler.  You know, a catch-up kind of day.  She would have jumped at the chance for a trip to the vault.  Maybe tomorrow.  If she’s in the middle of a project, no matter how trivial it is, she hates to stop.”
	“I’ll leave it to your judgment.  Let’s hope Fowler hands her something to do tomorrow.”
	The following day it was near 2:30 before Em popped into his office after a sharp rap on the door.  She was brandishing a slip of paper.  “Got it!”
	“The combination?  Wonderful.”  He could have hugged her, but that would be unwise.  “Have any trouble?”
	“Not at all.  I saw her in there with a stack of envelopes a mile high.  Fowler’s planning a reception.”  She smiled at him.  “I hear it’s to announce his retirement and his successor.”  She gave him a pleased grin.
	“Ah, yes.  The board meeting is Thursday.  That’s when the matter becomes official.”
	“Here it is,” she said, handing him the paper along with the  envelope.  “Use it in good health.”
	“Did she copy it out or give you her own copy?”
	“She copied it out.”
	“Good.  You don’t need to mention to her anything else about the so-called money--whether it’s still in the vault or you retrieved it right away.  If she asks later, you can say you got it out for me the next day.”
	“Right on.”  She saluted.
	After she left, Mackenzie studied the combination to the safe and committed it to memory.  He’d give the scrap of paper back to her to dispose of or not as she saw fit.
	But he still had an afternoon of work ahead of him.  And besides, he wouldn’t attempt to enter the vault until everyone had gone for the day.  He concentrated on his work problems.  Em interrupted him with a fax from Cairo.  Walker had established communication with Well Wedger 4, so that emergency was over.  He hesitated while she was waiting for instructions. 
	“Send a message back to Walker thanking him for his diligence.  Advise him to put all the field managers on alert, that the Mid East could heat up even more.”   Now, though, with their rigs apparently secure, Teléah’s trip home would be more likely. 
	Phone call followed phone call until he looked up to find Em standing in the half opened door.
	“Anything else before I leave?  Do you need me to stay on?”
	He looked at his watch.  “Five already?  No, you go on home.  Thanks a million, Em.  You’ve been a great help today.”
	“Not at all, Mac.”  He heard her humming a tune as she closed the door.  
	He planned to work on for another hour or so and then check the place for hangers-on.  By 6:30 surely everyone would have left, except perhaps some drudges in accounting, but they were isolated from the vault area even though they were on the same floor.  Of course, Willis’s office was on the floor above, too.  Mackenzie hoped he had no thought of working late. 
	But after a cursory tour of the hallway on his floor and the floor above at 6:15, he found the place to be empty.  Lucky.  The vault was located at the end of a short hall that led to a storage room.  The door to the room that contained the vault opened with a turn of Mackenzie’s pass key.  Fowler had arranged for all the vice presidents to have master keys that would take them into all areas except the executive suites.
	He closed the door behind him and fumbled for the light switch.  Before him stood the steel door to the walk-in vault.  
	Mackenzie studied the figures in his notebook, memorized them, and began to finger the lock.  The handle turned at the first try, and he swung open the door.  Inside, from the ceiling, a cord extended, which when pulled brightly illuminated the interior.  Shelves ran along both sides, leaving a scant four feet in the middle to move around.  Mackenzie’s eyes roved along the shelves looking for something that could contain the tape.  It would be about the size of the big geology textbook he had used in school.  The accordion pleated tape might be easily overlooked if Fowler had sealed it in a large envelope and tucked the package among the pictures and other valuables that lay on the shelves.
	His eyes swept from the left hand shelves toward the back and halted.  He began to sweat.  There, positioned to one side of the end wall, on the floor but partially hidden under an overhanging shelf, was a familiar looking receptacle.  A small metal chest, brindled with rust from a year at sea; stenciled on top was the name Neptune Challenger.  What a clever fellow was Fowler.  If his story was true about leaving the tape for Mackenzie, how better to secure its secret from other prying eyes than to leave the chest to him and, of course, its contents. 
	Mackenzie knelt beside it and pulled at its handle.  Locked.  He groaned.  So he still didn’t know for sure.  Fowler obviously kept the key, maybe on his person.  Suddenly, he felt defeated by the man.  He was the stronger and smarter.  He would always win.
	But driving home his depression didn’t last.  He was too close now for Fowler to get the best of him.  He still had to fight off qualms when he contemplated what he was about to do.   The decision had already been made.  Fowler’s position was wrong and that was that.  
	Instead, he would compound his perfidy by arranging to get a copy of the key.  Mackenzie had used the chest repeatedly when working on the drill ship.  Further, he’d observed the lock when he saw it today.  He must make the opportunity to get Fowler’s keys from him for a short period of time and, if it was found, get the key to the chest duplicated.  A locksmith was down the block, so that could be handled.  He laughed at himself, planning dangerous pursuits as calmly as he would plan a trip to a drilling site.  He sighed.  Deceit came in many forms.  Did the end justify the means?  He hoped so.
	He would take whatever opportunity he could find to get Fowler’s keys.  No question that Fowler would carry on his person the key to the chest.  But sometimes, Fowler must be parted from his keys.  Where, besides his home, would that be?
	Mackenzie swung into the drive of his condo.  He thought about Fowler’s activities, his usual routine.  Sometimes he took a shower at work if he was going directly to a business dinner.  But when might that happen?  And how could he get hold of the key ring while Fowler was in the shower?  Hope the steam would disguise his presence in the bathroom?  Not a good possibility.  
	Every Wednesday, though, Fowler played a bruising game of handball at his downtown athletic club during the noon hour.  Mackenzie was also a member and occasionally took up Fowler’s offer to play.  Usually, though, Mackenzie preferred to work out on his own before arriving at the office.  Tomorrow, he would play handball, if Fowler kept to his usual schedule, God willing.  Mackenzie would plan for it anyhow.  Again, he’d have to use Em as his partner in crime.  What a bonus he would owe her!
	He phoned Fowler the next morning soon after he heard him arrive.  “Are you needing a partner for handball today?”
	“You bet!  Wanna come?”
	“I think I could use it as a stress reliever.  I’ve had my nose to the grindstone ever since the crisis developed.”
	“Good boy.  Just what you need, believe me.  We’ll give you a workout.  We’ll leave here at 11:15.  Have lunch later.”
	“Look forward to it.  Who’s we?”
	“Jeremy’ll be there, too.  Make a good three-handed game.”
	“Oh, good.”  Not good.  But he’d simply have to work around Jeremy’s prying eyes.
	That morning, he and Em had another furtive conference in his office.  “Have you got the plan down pat?  I’ll expect you at--“
	”--no later than 12:30.   First, you’ll get hold of the key chain at the athletic club,” she continued, consulting her note pad, “at approximately twelve o’clock, remove the key to the chest, and take it in an envelope to the front desk.  I’ll come over in a cab--I’ll leave at 11:45--pick up the envelope at the desk, go to the locksmith, and have it duplicated while the cab is waiting.  Shouldn’t take more than fifteen minutes.  I’ll call the locksmith to reserve the time, if possible.  Then I’ll return the key in the envelope to the athletic club by 12:30, I hope, where you pick it up and somehow manage to get it back on Fowler’s key ring without his noticing.”  She bit her lip.  “My part’s easy, but how are you going to manage all that and play handball?”
	He grinned.  “I’ve thought of that.  A glove.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“My strap will just happen to be worn out, and I expect it will break during the game.  Willis being along is heaven sent after all.  He’ll keep Fowler entertained while I rifle his pants pockets for his keys in the locker room.”
	“Don’t they have an attendant?”
	“Sure, but if need be I’ll make an excuse to get into Fowler’s locker.  If I’m noticed, I’ll think of something, getting his handkerchief for him, for instance.  Sounds believable, doesn’t it?”
	“It does to me.”  She gave him a slow smile, calm as always, but her eyes were sparkling; she looked prettier than usual.  “Gosh, I hope the key is there!”
	“And I hope I recognize it.  If he happens to have two of them for similar locks, I’ll just have to take them both.”
	They stood up at the same time.  Mackenzie held out his hand and clasped hers.  “Let’s do it, partner.”
	She giggled and shook his hand, seemingly undaunted.

12

	Mackenzie had never really liked all the mirrors that the club featured.  Who but the manager with his sculptured body wanted to be confronted in every direction with images of his own body?  The typical physique of most members included well padded abs and sagging pecs.  Mackenzie’s thrice-weekly morning workouts had so far staved off the dumpling look, but he was always bothered by reflections of his progress from one room to another.  Today, his image seemed to be skulking here and there. 
	The ruse with the glove had gone off without a hitch.  Five minutes into the play, at precisely 11:50 by the clock on the wall, Mackenzie unobtrusively yanked at the strap and, leaving the court, yelled, “Strap broke.  I’ll get another glove and be back in a minute.”
	Fowler was too engaged to do more than nod.  He was already sweating profusely from the exertion, hunched in position to receive Jeremy’s serve.  Jeremy, accustomed to Fowler’s relentless play, was battling for his life and ignored Mackenzie completely.  
	In the locker room, his worries about the attendant were groundless.  He was talking a mile a minute with a member and paid no attention to Mackenzie’s pawing through Fowler’s clothes.  He knew Fowler’s keys were in his pocket.  He had watched to see if he transferred anything from suit pants to gym shorts.  
	There they were.  But was the right key on his ring?  Yes, the key was distinctive.  The key chain, however, gave him some trouble.  It was a fancy gold thing from Tiffany’s that looked like a drill bit.  Finally, he discovered the secret and slipped the key off.  He replaced the chain in Fowler’s pocket, and fished out an envelope from his own coat pocket where he placed the key.
	“Would you get me another glove, size 10,” he called out to the attendant.  “I’ve broken the strap.”  The man hurried to the cabinet and picked out one to give to Mackenzie.  If he noticed Mackenzie messing with Fowler’s gear, he gave no indication.
	Running to the front desk, Mackenzie saw Em and handed her the envelope.  Her expression was serious as she dashed off.  She should be back with Fowler’s key in fifteen to twenty minutes if she was lucky--no traffic problems, immediate access to the locksmith.  He watched her leave and then sprinted back to the court to resume play.
	After thirty more minutes, Fowler sank back against the wall.  “I’ve had enough,” he puffed. 
	Mackenzie agreed and followed Fowler off the court.  Em should have done her job by now.
	They marched single file toward the locker room with Jeremy on Mackenzie’s heels.  This was the hard part.  Veering toward the desk, he called back to Fowler, “I need to check something on my statement.  I’ll join you in a minute.”  Be there.  Please.  He didn’t have to ask the clerk for the envelope; he brought it out from behind the counter when he saw Mackenzie.
	“She just brung it back.”
	“Good enough.  Thank you.”  Now the locker room, quick.  He dashed again through the small lobby and gift shop, arriving just as Fowler was disappearing into the showers.  Jeremy was arguing with the attendant about his towel, wanting the large size he preferred.  They had run out.  	
	“Here, Jeremy, take mine,” Mackenzie said, thrusting his towel at him.  He had selected his own before going on to the court.  Time was running out.  Jeremy thanked him and left while Mac looked at the attendant, who handed him the smaller towel.  The attendant settled onto his stool and resumed reading his paperback.
	Again, he found the key ring, removed the key from the envelope, and placed it, he hoped, in the same position as he’d found it.  Unfortunately, he’d not noticed which direction it faced.  He put it on to match the direction of the keys on either side.  If he guessed wrong, surely Fowler would never notice, at least not for some time.  By then, it wouldn’t matter.
	He met Fowler coming out of the showers as he entered.  Fowler shot him a disapproving look.  “We’ll eat lunch here.  Don’t have much time, you know, so let’s not conduct any more personal business.”
	“No, of course not.”  I’ve conducted all the personal business I need to for the moment.  He was so pleased with the smoothness of the operation, he didn’t even bridle at Fowler’s patronizing instructions.
	Occasionally during lunch Mackenzie would think about what he’d done.  No regrets, only an uneasy sense that he may have duplicated the wrong key.  The lock was not unique.  He wouldn’t know until this evening when he planned to check the safe and report what he found to Chaim.
	This evening, unlike the previous one, he was forced to wait until seven, having come upon a late working auditor on the floor above going to the rest room.  Mackenzie nodded at him, walked down the hall, and then left through the fire stairs.  Back on his own floor, he took a position just inside his office door.  When he heard the elevator, he knew the auditor was leaving.  For safety’s sake, he walked up the stairs, a little longer route to the vault, but with no chance of being surprised by some other late leaving employee.
	Inside the vault, he went immediately to the chest and with pounding heart, slid the key into the lock.  It turned and the handle moved.  At first glance, he thought the chest was completely empty, but then he saw the dark brown folder lying on the bottom of the chest.  It was secured by a piece of string wrapped around a tab.  He undid it with painful anticipation.  His whole life seemed to be bound in the contents of this folder.
	Then he held it in his hands.  The wireline log, safe and sound.  He shook out the pleats to read the data.  The graph extended to 24,132 feet where it ended in “T.D.”  By itself, the total depth at that location would alert any geologist that the Moho had been reached.  Heat, pressure, composition of the material in the hole were recorded indisputably.  There was included in the envelope a written project report, prepared aboard the Challenger and dated and signed by Mackenzie, Leo, and Fowler.  It verified the findings.
	Carefully, he placed everything back in the folder and the folder back in the chest the way he’d found it.  He felt elated, justified.  He could hardly wait to phone Chaim.  He left the building with his head swimming.  The threats almost forgotten, unimportant, compared to finding the log.  But he couldn’t take the records and and take a chance of alerting Fowler.  The game would be up then for sure.  So he would do as Fowler had done--copy it.  Em could take him to the duplicating room and show him how to copy the tape on the Diazit machine.
	Chaim’s first words after Mackenzie identified himself were, “Where are you calling from?”
	“Home.  Is that all right?”  He’d wondered about his line being bugged, but dismissed such fears as overly dramatic.
	“I think not after this.  Did you find what you were seeking?”
	“Yes.  I plan to make a copy of it tomorrow evening.  Then we’ll talk.”
	“Fine.  Let’s say at the same time as before but on Friday at my apartment.”  He gave him the address.
	“I’ll be there.”  They both hung up without another word, Mackenzie again fighting off a feeling of unreality.  Was this happening to him, the most normal, unexciting sort of fellow?  Or was it a dream?  Maybe this is what happens when you lose your mind.  He’d been working hard.  He struggled up from his chair, tired beyond belief, and went to fetch a Scotch.  Mustn’t let the bad humors and vapors get to me, he thought with a weary sigh.
	Tomorrow night, then, he would copy the materials and have them for Chaim on Friday.  He carried his drink to the sofa and sank gratefully into its softness.  Would Teléah be there, too?  Maybe Chaim considered her merely the go-between to make the introduction.  He wanted her there, though.  She was important to this endeavor, too, a living, breathing testament to the need to carry on.  More than that.  In fact, any ambivalent feelings about her had vanished after the meeting in Chaim’s office.  He could admit it to himself now that she was more important to him than he’d believed could be possible again.  But all that must be set aside.  She was unavailable to him.
	The doorbell rang.  He started a bit, but then chided himself for nerves.  Might be any innocuous visitor.
	He saw through the peep hole two men dressed in business suits.  Neither of them resembled any of the photos that Chaim has shown Mackenzie.  One of the men, the taller of the two, was holding an I.D. card near his face.  Mackenzie saw the seal of the United States Government.  He opened the door.
	“Mr. Haber?”
	“Yes.”
	“My name is Mr. Wilhoit.  This is my associate, Mr. Smith.  We’d like to talk to you if you don’t mind.”
	“What’s this all about?”
	“May we come in?”  The man looked up and down the corridor.  “It might be better if we spoke privately.”
	Mackenzie let them in and indicated two chairs across from the sofa.  Mr. Smith, however, didn’t sit down.  He wandered around the room, looking at the pictures on the wall, fingering a Remington bronze, his other hand casually in his pants pocket.  A gun? Mackenzie wondered, his scalp prickling.
	“Mr. Haber.  I’ll get right to the point.  We’ve been informed that a situation has arisen that involves national interests.  We’re concerned about a breach of security.  Your name has come up, so we must talk about your position on the matter.”
	“What situation?  I don’t understand.  I’ve not breached any security.  How did you know to contact me?”
	Mr. Wilhoit touched his index finger and thumb together.  “Computers.  They know everything and can flag us when there’s any unusual activity around the world.  From economic conditions to political unrest.  Certain files are particularly sensitive to certain conditions.  Any individuals who may be . . . “ he paused, “considered security risks are contacted.  Just to rest certain minds, you might say.”  He smiled, showing large yellow teeth.  
	“I see.”  He stood up and moved to the swing-out bar.  “Let me get you gentlemen a drink.  Surely you won’t have any more calls to make tonight?”  He held up a bottle of Scotch.
	“Ah, no, thanks, Mr. Haber,” said Wilhoit without a glance at the other man.  “Nothing for us now.”
	“Maybe you’d rather have some fruit juice?  It’s so warm out this evening.”
	The men looked at each other and nodded.  “Thank you.  That sounds refreshing.”
	Mackenzie walked to the kitchen, thinking hard.  There seemed to be something strange about these men.  Were their suits of a different cut, the material unusual?  Or was he paranoid, thinking Hegira.  Their English, at least Wilhoit’s English, was correct, maybe too correct.  Mr. Smith hadn’t said a word.  And another thing, would a legitimate agent introduce himself and a colleague as Mr.?  Maybe so.  He had no experience with the breed.  The I.D.’s looked genuine, but they could easily be faked.  How would he know?
	He poured out orange juice into two glasses.  Accepting juice could be significant.  No Moslem would drink anything alcoholic.  On the other hand, maybe they didn’t drink on the job.  If they had wanted to kill him, they could have gunned him down immediately upon entering the place.  They were either hoping to scare him or to find out something.  They might be genuine. 
	“Here you are.” he said, handing each a glass.  “Now what can I say to assure you that I’m no security risk?  I have no wish to tamper with top secret files.”  He laughed.  “As a matter of fact, you must know I haven’t had clearance for years.  I couldn’t get to any files even if I wanted to.”
	“Yes, that’s true, Mr. Haber.”   Wilhoit took a long gulp of juice and wiped his lip with the napkin Mackenzie had provided.  “But for all we know, you might have come upon other, privately kept records or spoken out of turn.”
	“Do you know what the records are all about?”  Mackenzie felt he shouldn’t have challenged them directly, but the cat-and-mouse game was beginning to wear on him.
	“No, we don’t,” Wilhoit answered.  Smith had still not sat down, but stood beside a window.  “That’s not necessary.  Our job is simply to assure those in command that you’re sound.”
	“Sound?”  Mackenzie rose from his seat, his temper suddenly erupting.  “I’ll show you sound.  Get out of my house.  This is still a free country, and I’ll do or say what needs to be done or said without visits from the likes of you.  I don’t need you to remind me of my duty.”
	“Please sit down, Mr. Haber.  Calm yourself.  You apparently do need a reminder.  You apparently made an agreement in good faith many years ago.  We simply want to assure ourselves that you will abide by that agreement, won’t try to poke around anymore, stirring up trouble.”
	Mackenzie had not seated himself again, so Wilhoit stood up.  He glanced at Smith, who gave a short nod.  “I may as well tell you we have our suspicions you might be engaged in some illegal activities--all those trips abroad, the Mid East, Mexico.  Very dangerous business getting mixed up with drugs.”
	“Drugs!  What the hell are you talking about?”  
	Wilhoit tipped his head speculatively.  “Nothing definitive, you understand, but some witnesses might be found who could help us with a court case against you.  If you aren’t sound.  Could be very embarrassing, damaging professionally and personally, even if we don’t prove our case.  We seldom lose, however.”  
	Mackenzie was speechless and could only stare at the man.
	“Thanks for the delicious juice, Mr. Haber.”   Wilhoit walked toward the door and then stopped.  “One other thing.  We’re also concerned about your mental health.  Perhaps you’ve been under a great strain and need psychiatric evaluation and counseling.  We can arrange for you to go to one of our centers.”  He gave Mackenzie his yellow smile.  “We hope that won’t be necessary, of course.  But your own attitude and actions will give us the answer.”
	“My attitude and actions.  Ah, yes.  I understand.  Goodnight, then.”  He clenched and unclenched his fists.  Control.  He would remain cool even while his face burned with anger.
	They left.  Mackenzie went to the window and eased back the curtain.  He saw them get into a black car--nondescript, could have been Japanese, late model--and drive off. 
	If their intention had been to scare him, they had done well.  Drugs.  Court case.  Witnesses.  Mental health center.  The message was clear enough.  He’d be hounded until he was safely silenced.  He paced the room nervously.  To proceed or not?  Then he stopped.  In front of him was a gilded Federal mirror.  His face looked back at him, a face that showed more determination than fear.  
	He would go ahead with his plans to copy the tape.  He supposed he was obsessed, consumed by his need to get have a copy in his hands.  He didn’t want to be harassed; he wanted to live in peace, but how could he ever again live in peace after coming to this resolve?  No, he would go forward to what end he knew not, despite the blocks, the threats, the test of nerves.











13

	The following morning, Mackenzie asked Em to show him the procedure for copying on the Diazit duplicator.  She found a mud log in the files and walked with him down the corridor.  The duplicating room was near the engineering area, and unoccupied.  She showed him how to warm up the machine and set the proper dials.  The graph paper would have to be fed in and carefully monitored, which, he acknowledged, would be a long process--copying data for 24,000 feet.  Perhaps it would be safer to wait until long after hours, say 9:00 or 10:00.  Then his only concern would be staying out of the way of the janitors.
	“I’ll make sure it has plenty of ammonia and paper before I leave tonight,” Em said as they walked back to their office area.  “Are you sure you want to try this alone?  I’d be happy to come back after hours and do it for you.”
	“Thanks, but no.  I can handle it, and I’d rather not involve you any more than I have to.”  He looked at her and smiled.  “I promise you won’t get into any trouble because of your help.  Do you feel like an accomplice to a crime?”
	“I don’t mind if I am, as long as it helps you, Mac.”
	He couldn’t think of a response to that, so he gave her a smile and a pat on the shoulder and went into his office.  The meeting with the two agents last night kept recurring.  But he mustn’t think of that.  At least Fowler wouldn’t be around to distract him.  The regular board meeting was an all day, rather taxing event, according to Fowler.  But Mackenzie knew, despite his complaints, Fowler thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to employ his persuasive talents on those who served--mainly at Fowler’s behest--on the board of directors.  Sometimes Mackenzie had been invited to attend a portion of a meeting to report on special drilling activities or present operational plans.  But not this meeting.  
	“I don’t think it’d be a good idea, Mac,” Fowler had said, almost apologetically, the day before.  “I’ll be asking for their vote to appoint you president, so I’d better run this through myself.”
	It had been fine with Mackenzie to stay out of the limelight.  He hadn’t wanted the interruption of the meeting.  Too many other things on his mind.  It occurred to him he was reacting peculiarly to one of the more pivotal events in his life.  This was to be the official sanction on his becoming the president of Gravely and Fox.  The dream of his life, and yet he felt removed from it all.  Detached.  But then, detachment was maybe the only way to keep his grip on reality.  Here he was, planning on burgling the private space of the man who was touting him as his heir to the throne. 
	That evening at home, he picked up his mail from the mail box in the foyer and looked it over.  A post card from Rick.  The south of France.  Mediterranean.  Having a great time.  He smiled and stepped into the living room of his condo, glad his son at least seemed to be out of harm’s way, despite Hegira’s veiled threat.  Tricia had been right to raise the alarm, but it sounded more like a bluff.  He threw his mail onto a long table behind the sofa.  Read it later.  Now, a drink, and maybe a TV movie or mindless sitcom.  
	He was now officially the president-elect of Gravely and Fox.  Funny.  He didn’t feel any different, even when Fowler had proudly given him the thumbs up back in the office after the meeting, promising they’d “hash over the details” later.  He turned his mind away from Fowler and board meetings.  Relax now.  Think of nothing.
	But the small package poking out from beneath magazines and circulars intrigued him.  He turned it over.  The return address was marked, “Advance Engineering,” located in a part of town he was not familiar with.  He didn’t know of that company, and besides, why would anyone be sending him something at his home rather than at work? 
	He hefted the package, about the size of a cigar box.  It was of heavy cardboard, taped securely.  His own name and address and that of the return were on computer labels.  No business he knew of.  He took out the Houston phone directory and looked up Advance Engineering.  No such listing.  He felt wary, again his scalp prickling.  He wondered about a package bomb.  Only one way to find out.
	He went to his bedroom and changed into jeans, a dark polo shirt, and sneakers.  He checked his key ring.  Rick’s car key was there, as was the key to the chest in the vault.  He found his briefcase in the hall where he’d left it and emptied it.  Now for the equipment he’d need.
	The utility room had become a catch-all for tools, cleaning equipment and supplies, and anything else he couldn’t find a place for.  He rummaged in his tool box and retrieved an Exacto knife, a coil of twisted telephone wires, and a couple of fish hooks.  In a cabinet, he found a small table vise.  He got a map of Houston from the desk in his office and looked up the address on the package.  He then folded up the map and put it along with everything else, including the package, in a plastic bag which went into his briefcase.  The back service entrance.  That would be the way to leave the condo. He grabbed an apple on his way through the kitchen.  Have to make it do for dinner.  He emerged near the garages and went to his own double stall where his Mercedes and Rick’s Monza were kept.
	Inside Rick’s car, he found a billed cap which he put on.  The windows had been tinted so dark it might not be necessary to try to disguise himself, however.  Instead of leaving through the drive, he drove around the garage and proceeded slowly down the alley where usually only the garbage truck went.  He stopped at the street and looked both directions.  Traffic normal, no one lying in wait, including the black, Japanese-looking car.  He headed west, munching the apple, consulting the map at stop signs.
	The neighborhood he sought must once have had pretensions to become an industrial park but had failed miserably.  Empty warehouses and small disused factories were intersected by an abandoned railroad spur and vacant lots.  It looked as if developers had thought to build cheap apartments to try to make use of the site.  Windows were broken out, the siding defaced by graffiti.  If people were actually occupying them, they’d not be the sort to pay attention to a visitor.  Mackenzie found the right street, but the street number was at the site of a deserted machine shop, little more than a shed.  He could just make out the faded, stenciled sign which read, “Duncan Tool and Die.”  His gut feeling had been right.  The name and address on the package were phoney.
	Nevertheless, this uninhabited location would suit his purpose as well as the countryside, where he had first planned to go.  He parked the car behind the building and started exploring.  The back door was locked, probably the front door, too.  He noticed a window beside the back door was broken out.  A simple matter to unhook the window and reach around to the door latch.  Before letting himself in, he looked around outside, but he was alone in the back lot.  
	Breaking and entering.  He was compounding his crimes.  Too far into it now to hesitate.  He looked around the room for a suitable something to fasten the package to.  A long workbench with rusting tools.  That would work nicely.  The room, cleared of its machinery, was virtually empty except for some packing crates and a broken step ladder.  
	It was short work to attach the package to the edge of the workbench with the vise.  The box had a fold-over lid that was tucked into the bottom half.  Mackenzie attached one end of the telephone wire to a strong fish hook and with nerve-wracking care, embedded the hook into the cardboard of the lid without puncturing the other side.
	He unrolled the wire, backing up carefully until he passed through the doorway to the front room, the former office.  He could shut the door between him and the bomb, if in fact that’s what it was.  This could be all for nothing, of course.  He’d be merely a jittery burglar.
	From his position behind the door, he gave a hard yank on the wire.  Nothing.  He peered into the room and saw that the lid hadn’t moved.  He gave another tug without closing the door and the room beyond lit up as if struck by lightning.  He seemed to see the light before he felt the concussion and heard the boom.    Thank God he’d taken cover behind a stout, cement block wall.  Waiting a few minutes for the smoke and rubble to clear, he entered the room to find it a shambles.  The back door had been blown off its hinges.  The wall that held the bench was gone.  He didn’t see the bench at all and didn’t stop to look for it amid the smoking debris.  The package would be burned up, his name obliterated.  
	He ran out the back to his car, speeding off before the police arrived to investigate, if anyone was within earshot to report it.  He’d have to find out who owned that property and send them some money for damages.  His hands on the wheel shook.  Even his foot on the accelerator trembled, and he had trouble keeping a steady pressure.  
	It had come at last.  He had never before felt so alone.  Should he call Chaim again?   Someone--Hegira?--Wilhoit and company?--was obviously through playing games.  But if the so-called agents had arranged this, would they have come and seen him last night?  Given him another chance when the bomb was already in the mail?  Made no sense.  Hegira then.  
	 He drove blindly.  The sky was darkening fast.  He looked at the clock.  Eight forty-nine.  Air, he needed air.  Not air conditioning.  Must roll the window down.  He could taste the acrid smoke in his mouth.  At a stop light, he took a right turn and drove off quickly, the Monza jerking unevenly.  His thoughts were multiplying in his head, filling up his brain with words that kept repeating themselves.
	What to do?  The office.  He had planned to go to the vault, but now what?  He was a dead man.  The lights of a small shopping center caught his attention, and he saw a phone booth.  He swung off the highway and pulled into a parking slot.
	In the lighted booth, he tried to calm himself, casting nervous looks around.  Could he have been observed?  Followed to the vacant machine shop?  Might someone be watching him right now?  But no one had followed him into the parking lot.  He saw no nearby cars with suspicious-looking occupants, only a few that must have belonged to shoppers at a dingy-looking grocery store.  With still shaking fingers, he took from his wallet the slip of paper with Chaim’s number, deposited the coin, and dialed.
	Chaim answered on the second ring.  Mackenzie hesitated, unsure why he was calling.
	“Hello?  Hello?”  The voice was impatient.
	“Chaim.  Mac Haber.”  His tongue seemed to be sticking to the roof of his mouth.
	“Where are you calling from?”
	“A phone booth.  It’s safe to talk.”
	“Go ahead.  Have you found the material?”
	“Not yet.  I’ve been exploding a package bomb.”
	“What!  Are you serious?”
	Mackenzie gave a harsh laugh.  “Quite.  I suspected it might be something like that from the return address.  I took it to a vacant building and opened it--from a distance.  I was right.  Blew the hell out of the place.”
	“My God,” breathed Chaim.  “No one saw you?” 
	“No, I don’t think so.  It was a deserted area.” 
	“So now what?”
	“I’ve got to decide what to do.  I’d planned to copy the material tonight.  I’m--confused, though.  I don’t know what I’m doing.  Who’s after me?  The Hegira?  Have you found out anything on them?”
	“Nothing yet.  I can’t understand it.  We usually are promptly informed by our excellent intelligence department when new terrorist groups spring up.  This must be a brand new one.”
	“And then last night I had a visit, a very civilized visit, from two men claiming to be from a government security agency.”
	“And they wanted. .  . ?”  Chaim’s voice was tense.
	 As Mackenzie recited the gist of the encounter, the implied threats, he again experienced a sense of reality.  Was this happening to him?
	“I wondered if they were for real.  Could they have been?”
	“They may have been genuine government men.  It sounds like their tactics to gain control.  You did expect to be contacted by their watch dogs, didn’t you?”  Chaim’s voice softened.  “Say, old man, you’re not weakening now, are you?”
	“I don’t know.  I’m scared, and I’m still not sure about how to proceed.  If I get hold of a copy of the wireline tape, and I’m able to disclose the information, what then?  Have you come up with any good ideas?”
	“We’ll talk about that when we get together.  Don’t falter now when you’re so close.  At least get the copy so you’ll have something to go with.  Do you want me to meet you at your office, help you?”
	“No.  That would be dangerous for both of us.  By myself, I could make an excuse to be there this late if I’m discovered.  You’d be a problem if anyone saw us together.”
	“You’re right, of course.  Continue as you have been, Mac.  You’ve handled it well so far.  We’ll plan to see you tomorrow night at my apartment.  Call me again if you have a problem.”
	Mackenzie hung up and leaned his head against the phone.  In the heat and stuffiness of the booth he felt clammy cold.  He hoped he hadn’t sounded panicky.  Unsure, yes.  Because he was unsure.
	He pulled out onto the highway and continued in the same direction.  He seemed to be on some county highway; he didn’t know where he was going, and perhaps for the first time in his life he didn’t care.  Lights from on-coming traffic hurt his irritated eyes, even with the tinted windows.  
	He sped on, wanting not to think but the words came anyhow.  What should he do with the information on the wireline tape once he got it?  Or should he forget about copying it?  Chuck it all.  Or maybe he could hide out for a while.  Oh, sure, persona non grata.  A man without a home, a job, maybe a country.  Not much of a prospect.  But then, being dead was hardly a better alternative.  
	For now, he could only push on, keep moving.  The car surged forward, gaining in speed.  Then out of the night he saw the one weak tail light of a slow moving pickup ahead and realized he was nearly upon it.  Too late.  Another car was coming from the opposite direction on the two-lane road.  He stomped on the brakes, wheeling the car onto the shoulder.  Gravel sprayed; the car jumped a shallow ditch, ran over a wire fence, and thudded to a halt in a field.
	He sat for a while, trying to gain mastery over his jumping nerves.  Thank God for quick instincts.  Or had he been saved?  Twice tonight.  Maybe all this was some clear sign that he was to go forward.  Or were these bad things warnings from a beneficent god.  Crazy thoughts.  
	But he had to get out of here.  Was the car operable?  He turned the ignition and the car started.  He backed it up and went forward over the wire fence, now flattened.  No passers-by had stopped to check on him; apparently his near miss had gone unnoticed.  
	Back onto the highway, he tried to think where he was.  He had no idea how far he had come or even which direction.  It was 9:32 according to the clock on the dash.  It’d been forty-five minutes since he left the explosion.  An intersection ahead.  He turned right and proceeded for several miles.  Woods, emptiness.  This was getting him nowhere.  Maybe a farm house.  A another road might be more promising, he thought, as he looked for signs of human habitation.  He saw a sign reflected from his headlights.
	He pulled into what looked like a newly paved drive and read “Observatory Out-station.”  From the university?  If he was lucky, he’d find someone at the telescope.  Get directions back into Houston.  Decide then what to do, whether to go for it, copy the logs, or forget it and his conscience, permanently.  Tell the Israelis he was sorry but they were on their own.
	He saw a chunky, domed building, rather small, with a paved turnaround for parking in front.  One other car was parked there, old and rather battered.  Not as battered as his own--or rather Rick’s, he thought.  He was disappointed in himself.  He’d about lost it tonight, gone off the deep end.  
	He tried the door, but it was locked.  The building seemed without lights at all.  No windows, certainly.  Made sense for an observatory.  He pressed the lighted buzzer.  In less than a minute the door swung open.  Mackenzie could see the dim interior behind the old gentleman who answered the door.  
	“Yes?” the man said pleasantly, calmly.  He was small, almost wizened.
	Mackenzie felt a need to reassure him, though the man betrayed no anxiety.  “Sorry to bother you.  I’m lost.  I’ve gotten off the main road and need some directions.  Could you help me?”
	“You look tired,” he said.  He stepped back for Mackenzie to enter.
	“I am.  Very tired.”
	“Then you must rest first.  The dome, I think.  It’s dark and quiet there.”  They were in what appeared to be the foyer, less than twenty feet in diameter with several tables and chairs along the curved walls.  Two darkly shaded lamps provided just enough light to navigate the room.  Opposite him, Mackenzie saw an iron staircase and a hallway leading to the back.
	Mutely, Mackenzie followed the white-haired man.  He looked to be in his mid seventies.  Mackenzie’s throat tightened as emotion welled up in him.  Unfamiliar emotion, repressed since he was young.  Self-pity?  Release from anxiety?  Or simply a response to what he felt to be an understanding heart?
	“Up here,” the man said, indicating the staircase for Mackenzie to ascend.  “You’re lucky you caught me out of the darkroom.  I can’t hear the bell in there, and I’m there half the time these nights.”
	Mackenzie fought to recover his poise.  “Do you teach,” he asked the man, who was climbing the stairs behind Mackenzie, “at the university?”  His voice croaked as if he’d just begun speaking after a year-long silence.
	“Oh, my, no.  I retired years ago.  But my particular interest is as lively as ever.  More so, really, since I have time now to devote myself exclusively to it.  Or would,” he chuckled, “if my wife didn’t make me stay home occasionally.  Then, too, I can use the observatory only when it’s not being occupied by the university astronomers.  It’s between semesters now.  Here we are!”
	The room was very dark.  “Watch the telescope,” the man cautioned.  “It’s in the center.  The console is on your left.  Your eyes will get accustomed to the dark in a moment.”
	The room was also humid and warm.  As warm as the outside.  Mackenzie looked up.  The outside was coming in.  The dome was open, exposing the night sky, clear of clouds, dense with stars.  He let out his breath, relaxing.  He seemed to be trembling inside, uncontrollably.  
	The room, the dark.  It reminded him of something.  Reminded him of a dream he’d had a few nights ago.  Forgotten until now.  There’d been a dark room there, too, more a closet, with a closeness that had seemed oppressive, threatening.  Not like this space, which was oddly comforting.  But in the dream, as in here, a window, far above, emitted a faint light.  It had shown the way of escape, a path out.  In the dream, he’d felt saved.  He’d awakened with a memory of the emotions--anxiety, fear, and hope.  He hadn’t dwelt on it at the time, but here, now, it loomed as something important.
	“Come and take this stool here, Mr. . .?”
	“Haber.  Mac Haber.”
	“I’m glad to know you.  I’m Barnabas Day.  Friends call me Barney.”
	“What are you looking for?”
	“I heard about the supernova being spotted.  I’ve been here all week taking pictures of it.”
	“Was it in the news?”
	Barney chuckled.  “No, only astronomers get excited about news like that.  Every day I go to the Space-Science Department and check telegrams from the International Astronomical Union.  Last week a supernova had been reported.  I’ve been making my own observations and recording them on film.  Would you like to take a look?”
	“Yes, thank you.”
	“I’m glad.  I thought you needed some time here.”
	Mackenzie heard the sound of a motor, and the red lights of the telescope blinked, showing the slight movement of the dome.  Automatic adjustment, no doubt, to the earth’s rotation.
	“Let me make certain I have a good fix on the guide star.”  Barney positioned himself at the reflecting telescope.  “I don’t use the supernova itself except for the first reference.  After that, I use a convenient closer star to make sure I’m in constant alignment.  The driving system of the telescope gets a little out of whack.”  He looked through the finder scope and made a minuscule adjustment on a small control box he held in his hand.
	“Is the supernova visible now?” Mackenzie asked.
	“Yes, but you won’t be very impressed, I’m afraid.  Have a look and then I’ll show you the photographs I’ve been taking.”
	Mackenzie moved under the telescope and focused through the eyepiece.  “I see a bright dot in the center.”
	“That’s it.  Rather insignificant looking, as I said, but considering it’s hundreds of thousands of light years away, we might better appreciate its humble looks.  Its light is more than the combined light of some entire galaxies.  Or you could compare it to one billion suns.”
	“An exploding star, something like a nova, right?”
	“Yes, but instead of erupting and dying down unchanged, a supernova is altered.”
	“It changes form, disappears?”
	“Not disappears.  It may become a white dwarf or a neutron star--pulsar, possibly--or even a black hole.”
	The professor led Mackenzie to the console and switched on a small lamp.  He had laid out several photographs.  “You can see the decrease in magnitude from the pictures taken at the beginning of the week to those taken last night.”
	“So soon.  It flared and then it’s over.”
	“Over the course of about a hundred days,” Barney gently corrected.  “Not so soon.  But then it would be something entirely different, maybe a white dwarf, collapsed into itself by its own density to become degenerate matter.  It can’t generate electrons in the atoms of its gases.  When the contraction process doesn’t stop for whatever reason, the star becomes a black hole.  Then the surface gravity is so enormous nothing can escape, including photons--light.  It seems to consume itself.”
	Mackenzie stared at the photographs.  “Does all the matter from the explosion condense to these forms?”
	“Oh, goodness, no.  Great clouds of gases called nebulae are dissipated throughout the galaxy and into constellations such as the one we call the Crab Nebula.”  Barney rearranged the photographs.  In the background, the small motor hummed and the dome turned.  “While we speak, stars are being born in interstellar cocoons of dust.  Can’t see ‘em though.  Light can’t penetrate that shield.”
	“So nothing is really lost except the original form?”
	“Nothing is lost.  Matter cannot be destroyed, only transformed.  Put to a different use, we might say.  Something dies, something is born.  It keeps the universe in a steady state.  Never gets out of balance, one thing growing too large and taking over.”
	Put to a different use.  Steady state.  “Why do you do this?  Spend your evening hours in this way?  Is it a quest?”
	“Quest?  Yes, I suppose so.  I find it exciting.  But I’m just a link in a chain, you know.  And it’s gratifying to know that my observations are useful to someone across the world for determining, say, the distance of the galaxy that contains the supernova.  We all work alone, yes, but together as well, following the cycle of the star.  It’s called longitudinal dependent astronomy.” 
	“You don’t get any credit or reward, any of you, yet you share in the knowledge.”
	“Exactly.”  Barney chuckled.  “Sounds like a mad pursuit to the uninitiated, I suppose.”  A bell dinged.  “Time to change plates.  But it’s satisfying, really satisfying, to know you’ve helped find a piece of the puzzle.”  He snapped off the console lamp and the room was again encased in darkness.
	“May I look through the telescope again?” Mackenzie asked.
	“Surely.  Here, I’ll check the alignment.”  Again he adjusted the controls and then stepped aside for Mackenzie.
	He saw the point of light.  It seemed marvelous somehow that it had been there for eons, like the Moho, unknown and unobtrusive until it called attention to itself.  Soon it would settle into darkness again, maybe dissipated throughout the universe.  
	Mackenzie felt again a sense of intimacy with the man’s mind, his work.  Yet what he did went virtually unnoticed even though the value to science was enormous.  These scientists knew they were part of a big plan.  They just couldn’t hurry it.
	“Patience and waiting.  Your life.  Not my style, I’m afraid.”
	“You’re a man of action.  Yes.  But astronomers can’t look for immediate results of their work.  Maybe we’re endowed with a different sense of time.  ‘What’s time?  Leave Now for dogs and apes: Man has Forever,’ or so says Robert Browning.”
	“I understand.  Not a very American philosophy, is it.”
	Barney chuckled.  “No, in general, Americans don’t possess what we might call the Oriental mind--the ability to see human endeavor from the perspective of hundreds or thousands of years.”
  	Mackenzie was silent for several minutes, staring upward at the sky.  He felt refreshed, renewed.  He had to leave now, but he’d take with him Barny’s thoughts.  The world and concerns that engaged Barney’s mind were pure, unfettered by petty human affairs.  Mackenzie had almost forgotten that world of the scientist.  But all this had something to do with Mackenzie’s own particular science, and the Moho.  He needed to think and decide.













14

	As soon as Barney oriented Mackenzie as to where they were in relation to Houston, Mackenzie was able to find his way back without any problems.  He had driven over twenty-five mindless miles in his dash to escape his troubles.  His mind was clear now.  He knew what must be done and how to do it.  
	For the moment, he had to concentrate on his next task, securing the tape and copying it without being detected.  He felt sure he had thrown off any would-be pursuers.  Probably Rick’s car had helped, as well as his careful exit from his condo.  He thought ruefully of Rick’s poor car, scratched and dented from the crashing ride into a field. 
	He drove alertly through the downtown streets, free from heavy traffic now.  Almost eleven o’clock.  His pursuers could be lying in wait for him at the entrance to the building or the parking garage.  Best not to park there.  On a side street would be better.  From several blocks away, he noticed lights on the upper floors of the building.  The cleaning people should be finishing up but might get in the way.  Couldn’t waste any time.  It would take maybe thirty minutes, maybe more, to get the tape copied.  It wouldn’t be a piece of cake, but he had a good chance to pull this off if he was quick and watchful.
	He had his pick of street-side parking spots and chose one two blocks over.  He got his briefcase from the back seat and walked quickly without breaking into a run through the alleys.  Didn’t want to call attention to himself.  The lower rear entrance to the complex would be locked.  But again, Fowler had provided access by assigning keys to upper management.  A convenience Mackenzie had appreciated on other occasions.   
	Mackenzie looked up the alleyway that led to the back door of the office building on one side, and the stairs to the garage on the other.  Ramps above crossed over from the eight floors of the parking pavilion to the office building.  The alley was empty.  At the far end, an occasional car passed by on the street.  Everything seemed normal.  If the office complex was being watched, probably no one knew to check out this rather obscure entryway.  Most likely, a watcher would be positioned at the front of the building or in the parking garage where he usually parked his car.
	Inside the back hallway, Mackenzie looked through the door that led to the main lobby, now softly lit and mute.  A security guard would be in an adjacent room.  Even if Mackenzie was spotted by the guard, he was well known, having worked late on many occasions.
	It took some minutes to reach the thirty-fourth floor on the slow, rumbling, freight elevator.  He stepped out near the fire stairs and made his way through the doorway and down the hall toward the vault.  The floor was deserted and dark except for dim security lights in the ceiling at long intervals.  He turned into the passage to the storage area and vault room.  Again, the door opened with a twist of the key.  He closed it behind him and turned to the vault.  From memory, he tried the combination, hearing the tumblers click into position.  After opening the vault door, he switched on the interior light.   He had to leave the vault door partially open, mainly for ventilation.  There were no vents inside, and the air grew stale quickly.  Now for the chest.
	He looked at the chest with a kind of fondness, remembering the exciting days aboard the Neptune Challenger, never dreaming how his life would be changed by the discovery made aboard that fateful ship.  Or that his view of himself and men he trusted, admired, would be altered forever.  But he was the same person he always had been, wasn’t he?  Like that exploding star, he’d had to change, but the atoms of his true self were the same.  He laughed softly.  He was not so small that he had become a white dwarf  like Leo, so heavy with self-importance he had become a black hole consuming itself, like Fowler.  In doing this deed, he was restoring something that he thought he’d lost.  Regenerating.  
	The records clasped tightly in his arms, he locked only the outside door to the room, not the vault.  He’d have to come back and return the original tape.  The main hallway was still quiet, no cleaning people, no security guard.  He again took the fire stairs to avoid running one of the elevators from the lobby and went down one floor to the Diazit machine.  He felt like whistling.
*
	Jeremy Willis made an occasional practice of returning to the office when he had business on his mind and couldn’t sleep.  He didn’t advertise to his colleagues his strange hours, which sometimes grew so late he simply fell asleep, fully dressed, on his couch.  So what, he thought.  He’d had a shower installed in his personal washroom with Fowler’s blessing.  Fowler understood what real devotion was.
	This evening he’d been hard at work trying to balance figures against his projections for the subsidiaries.  His door was closed against interruptions from the cleaning service.  But he’d been at it several hours; he felt stiff and decided he needed a stretch.  Too long hunched over his desk.  He opened the office door and walked into the small, darkened reception area where his secretary worked.  Probably ought to turn in.  He might not go home tonight.  He yawned, and caught himself mid-yawn.  He’d heard a noise.  It wasn’t the custodians.  They heralded their arrival on the floor by turning on every light in the place.  No, this was a small, furtive noise and came from the vault area.  He never admitted to being physically courageous, but he felt some responsibility.  He peeked from behind the corner as a figure moved down the hall toward the fire stairs.  Brawny, moving fast.  Looked like Mac.
	Jeremy stalked him at a distance, noting on the stairs that he disappeared through the door of the floor below.  He eased the door open and saw him enter the copying room far down the hall near the elevators.  It was Mac.  What in the world would he be doing in the vault at this hour?  And then copying something?  He tiptoed down to see.
	He saw that Mackenzie was unfolding a massive wireline tape, the Diazit turned on.  He really was copying something.  Something he shouldn’t?  This might be the thing that would tip the scales against Mac.  Obviously, he was doing this late at night so Fowler wouldn’t learn of it.  And wouldn’t Davros be interested.  Was this the problem that Davros had been hoping he’d stumble on? 
	He crept back to the stairs and went up the one flight to his own office.  He sank down into his well padded chair and thought.  Should he or shouldn’t he?  Maybe he could simply waylay Mac and see what story he had for this after hours work.  But Mac was smooth.  Jeremy dreaded a confrontation.  He straightened the papers on his desk and considered.  
	Maybe if he called Davros and told him what was going on, Davros could decide what should be done.  Davros’s emergency number.  Where was it?  In his pocket organizer.  Yes.
	Davros answered on the first ring.  Jeremy shrank a bit from the suddenness of the man’s rough, deep voice.  Then he pulled himself together.  “This is . . . the person who is observing Haber,” he said cautiously.  No point in getting his name recorded if such a thing was going on.
	“Yes, what is it?”
	“I thought you’d like to know that the subject is here at the office, doing something rather strange.”
	“Haber!  He is there?  Are you sure?”  Davros sounded almost shocked. 
	 “Yes, that’s what I said.  I thought you’d like to know that it looks suspicious.  He’s copying something he retrieved from the president’s private vault.  Looks like wireline tape.  I can’t imagine what it is, but he’s definitely sneaking around.”
	“I’ll be right over.  This would be an excellent time to confront Mr. Haber before he does something really stupid.”
	“That’s what I thought,” Jeremy said with satisfaction.
	“How can I get in?  I presume there’s a guard?”
	“Yes.  It’d be better if I left the back service entrance open for you.  It’s down one flight of stairs from the parking garage entry off the alley, ground level.  I’ll go right down and put a piece of tape over the lock.  He’s on the thirty-third floor, but I’d advise you to come up in the freight elevator near the service entrance.  Here’s what you do.  After you get off the freight elevator on thirty-three, walk straight ahead and take the first hallway to the right.  He should be in the copying room if you hurry.  Front of the building.  Near the public elevators.   My own office is on the thirty-fourth floor if you need me.  I’d better wait up here.”
	“I’ve got it.  You’ve been very helpful.  This will deserve a bonus.”
	“Well, that’s . . . thank you.   Just don’t delay too long or you’ll miss him.”
	“I’m on my way.”  The line went dead.
	Jeremy picked up a roll of mailing tape from his secretary’s drawer and walked out to the long corridor, past the vault room, and around the corner to the fire stairs and freight elevator.  He, too, would play it safe.  This elevator was so far to the rear of the building, neither Mac nor the security guard would  hear it running.  He had a few qualms about doing this--surely no harm would come to Gravely and Fox in letting Davros in to the building.  He smoothed his hair nervously as he watched the floor numbers go by slowly.  It was all in a good cause if Mac really was going against the interests of the government, maybe even Fowler’s or the company’s own interests.  Yes, this was the right thing to do.
	Once at the back entry, he attached the tape securely over the lock and went back up to his own floor, waiting in the shadows near the public elevators.  Thirty more minutes went by.  Maybe he’d better walk down to thirty-three to check on Mac.  Make sure he wasn’t leaving.  Maybe he’d have to engage him in conversation to delay him.  But just then he heard steps from the direction of the fire stairs.  Jeremy slipped around a corner and waited.  Mac.  It was Mac.  He was going back into the vault.  Davros was late.  He’d have to take some action.  He had his story ready.
*
	The copying had been tedious and slow–unfolding stacks of paper and feeding it through the machine, keeping it in order, and then folding it back again.  It was long past midnight before Mackenzie had his own stack of pleated paper stacked beside Fowler’s.  He switched off the machine and the lights to the copying room and after putting his copy in his briefcase, started up the stairs.  Now to restore Fowler’s copy to the chest.  He felt very tired, numb, almost as if in a trance.
	He had replaced the material in the chest and was locking the door to the room when he heard someone give a light cough.  He froze in place hardly breathing, but when he saw the figure dimly outlined in the doorway to the short hall, he walked forward.
	“Hello?”  It might be someone from the janitorial service.
	“Mac?”  
	Mackenzie fumed inwardly.  It was Jeremy Willis.  True, his office was down the hall, but Mackenzie had never expected to run into him so late.  “What--“
	”What--“  Willis stopped as they both spoke.
	“I guess we’re both burning the midnight oil,” Mackenzie said lightly, with what he hoped was a convincing laugh.
	“I sometimes come down and work if I’ve got some business problems to deal with.  Sleep on the couch in my room.”
	Mackenzie believed him.  The secretaries talked about his showering before work when he stayed overnight.  But there was inquiry in his voice.  What was Mackenzie doing up on this floor?  And why was he here so late, at the door to the vault?  This could present a problem.  If Jeremy chose, he could casually mention to Fowler he saw Mackenzie near the vault.  As Vice President of Finance, Jeremy may even have access to the vault himself and demand an explanation.
	Before Mackenzie could concoct a plausible excuse, he noticed movement at the far end of the hall.  He turned sharply to face someone coming up on them fast.  A stranger.  What the hell was going on?  As the man drew closer, Mackenzie saw he was holding a gun.  Mackenzie gave a soft curse and gripped the briefcase tightly.
	Jeremy turned his head and gasped.  “Davros.  What do you think you’re doing?  There’s no need for a gun!”
	He gave Willis a contemptuous look.  “What does it look like?  I wish to have a conversation with Mr. Haber.”  He jerked his gun at Mackenzie.  “I brought along a persuader to remind him to tell me the truth.”
	If the situation hadn’t been so critical, Mackenzie might have laughed at Davros’s outmoded, Hollywood-style reference to his gun.  “Do you know this man?” Mackenzie asked Jeremy.  Something about his features was familiar, rang an ominous bell.  Of course!  One of the pictures Chaim showed him at the Consulate.  He was part of the Islamic sect under scrutiny.
	Jeremy didn’t answer Mackenzie but instead addressed Davros.  “Put down that gun.  This is ridiculous.”  He turned to Mackenzie, waving his hands with ineffectual gestures.  “He just wants to make sure you don’t get in trouble.”
	“I doubt that,” Mackenzie said dryly, his eyes never leaving the man’s face.  “Who are you really?  I presume Davros isn’t your name.”
	The man shrugged.  “My name is unimportant.  I am part of an organization called Hegira.  You’ve perhaps heard of us lately.”  He smirked at Mackenzie.
	“So, what do you want of me?”  He still carried the briefcase.  He had begun to sweat.  But the sense of tiredness had evaporated.  An adrenalin rush had alerted his  mind and muscles.  Now was the showdown.  And this time it was for keeps.  With Jeremy present, maybe the gunman would be distracted by him, which would give Mackenzie an opportunity.  As if on cue, Jeremy took a step toward Davros.
	“You’re not government.  You lied to me.  You played me for a fool.”  He looked at Mackenzie and said plaintively.  “He told me he was from the government, some sort of agency.  Security Enforcement.  I thought it was the right thing to do when I saw you here coming from the vault, doing that copying.”
	“You let him in here tonight?”  Mackenzie asked, flabbergasted.  What else had he told the man?  But would it matter?  He was holding the records the man wanted.  Both he and Jeremy had served their purposes.  If he could keep the man talking, though, perhaps he could think of something.
	“I did, Mac, and I know now how wrong I was.”  He again addressed Davros in a voice craven with fear.  “What do you want?  I don’t know anything.  He’s the one you’re interested in, not me.”   He began to edge away from the man toward the front of the building by the public elevators.
	“Stay where you are, Mr. Willis,” the man snapped.  “I want both of you to know why before you are sent to oblivion.”
	“Tell me then, who or what is Hegira?” Mackenzie asked.  “It’s not a known terrorist organization.”
	“Not yet, but it soon will be.”  His voice contained a note of pride.  “We were recently organized by the Arab OPEC nations to combat difficulties as they arose.  Anything or anyone who might get in our way.  You, Mr. Haber, have been a concern for many years to some of our member nations who knew something about your past activities.”  His lips curled downward.  “We haven’t been able to find the evidence we needed to control the situation until now.  Furthermore, in the past we had no real organizing power.  No stomach for intruding ourselves into the American scene.  Times have changed, Mr. Haber.”
	“So my long ago activities had me targeted.  The project had been infiltrated by someone from a Mid Eastern country.  Is that it?”
	“That’s good enough.  A danger has been hanging over our heads for years.  Mainly you.  The others had to be quickly eliminated when our latest demands spurred you to action. Before that they’d been considered safe.”
	“Leo Danzig?  You did kill him?”
	Davros gave a smug grin.  “Of course.  A weakling that you might have convinced.  But always we knew you to be the problem.”
	“Why wasn’t I simply killed outright?”
	He wagged his head expressively.  “It was possible you might have come round to a more prudent view.  You had done so at other times of crisis.  On the other hand, you might have talked to some others; we had to know.”
	“And did you find out?”
	“Thanks to Mr. Willis, we found out you had too close a connection to the Israelis.  It suggested something devious.”
	“And so the package bomb you sent me?”
	Jeremy gasped.  “Bomb.  Leo killed.  Oh, my God!  Mac, I didn’t know, I swear I thought he--“
	The man interrupted Jeremy as if he hadn’t spoken.  “Yes, we hoped to catch you off-guard.  Apparently, you were too clever for us.  Now we need a different solution to our problem.”  In the dim light Davros’s face as well as Willis’s looked waxy.  Willis seemed to be melting as perspiration ran down his forehead.
	Mackenzie raised his chin defiantly.  Might as well go out standing up.  “You think killing me will solve the problem?  What about those I’ve told?”
	“They’ll be helpless without proof.  I’m delighted to see you appear to have it for us.”  He motioned to the briefcase in Mackenzie’s hand.  “Is that it?  We thought you might be about ready to resort to this.  Mr. Willis has played his part well.”
	“It has nothing to do with me!”  Jeremy’s voice cracked with conviction.
	Davros turned to Jeremy and gave him a smile.  “I’m afraid it now concerns you too much.”   He raised the gun and fired one muffled shot.  Jeremy, without a cry, crumpled like a paper doll.
	“Jesus Christ,”  Mackenzie breathed.  He started to move, but Davros cautioned him with another movement of the gun.
	“You’ll get your turn, but first I want to see what’s in the briefcase.  I need to make sure it’s what we seek.”
	Mackenzie wondered if he should throw it at him.  But pulling a trigger would be quicker than throwing a heavy briefcase.  He stepped backward, unsure where to go, what to do.  Jeremy was not dead, though; he noticed some movement from the sprawled figure behind Davros.  He would try to position the man in front of Jeremy.  Maybe Jeremy could make a run for it, get on the elevator before being shot again.  
	“What if I’m not carrying the proof?”  Mackenzie began to sidle backwards toward the street side window.  Davros turned to follow him.  “All this will be for nothing.  What will your next step be?  You’ll need me.”
	“You should know by now I’m quite serious.  I want the record, and I think you’ve got it.  Hand me your briefcase,” he said in a menacing voice.
	Mackenzie handed it to him and watched him open it clumsily with one hand and look inside.  
	Behind Davros, Mackenzie saw Willis rise painfully to his knees and then onto one foot.  Blood had seeped onto the white front of his shirt.  He lunged toward the man, grasping at his arm, knocking him off balance.  Davros dropped the briefcase and twisted around in an effort to put another bullet into Willis, who was on his feet, pushing him backward down the hall.  The window behind them, aglow with the lights of the city, silhouetted their struggle.
	Mackenzie saw his chance.  He leaped toward the two men locked together and struck Davros’s gun hand a vicious blow, sending the gun flying.  Davros threw off Willis, who fell face down on the floor.  Then he came back with a solid right to Mackenzie’s jaw.  The force of the blow made him reel backwards and crash against the wall.  He saw Davros looking frantically for the gun in the darkened hallway.  It was, Mackenzie knew, in the corner by the large plate glass window.  
	Then Davros saw it.  	
	But Mackenzie was on him.  He kicked Davros’s legs out from under him, felling him.  He then tried to straddle his back to immobilize him.  But Davros, quick and well trained, slid around to grasp Mackenzie’s neck, pulling him over.  With Mackenzie down, Davros jumped up and ran for the gun.  Again, Mackenzie was in pursuit.  He slammed into the man with all his strength and sent him crashing through the window, glass flying into Mackenzie’s face.  He caught himself at the sill, panting for air.  Thirty-four stories.  The end of Davros.
	That was that.  But Jeremy.  Was he alive?  He went back to the inert body and examined him quickly.  Dead.  A lifeless eye staring into the wall, like a glass eye, he thought, and then the real horror of the situation dawned.  Now he could feel sympathy for Jeremy, even as considered his foolish behavior.  He tried to redeem himself at the end and paid the price.  But no time to lose.  Get the hell out.  He found his briefcase and ran down the hall to the freight elevator.  He could probably make it out through the back entrance before the police arrived--if he was lucky.  Still, if seen leaving the building now, he could claim ignorance--on his own floor below he couldn’t hear a thing--but it’d be tricky and he didn’t want questions about his activities or a search of his briefcase.
	At the alleyway door, he paused when the door opened without the click of the lock.  It had been taped.  Jeremy had obviously let Davros in by this door.  Mackenzie pulled the strip off and put it in his pocket.  Let the authorities try to figure out the man’s method of entry.  The last thing he needed was for the police to make a connection between Davros and Jeremy.  
	Mackenzie’s cautious walk through the streets to his car was uneventful.  He saw no car parked near his own.  He saw no one pull out after him.  He looked at the briefcase beside him and gave a grim smile.  It had been a hell of an evening--burglary, bombing, and a killing, but he’d gotten the goods.  Now to deliver them.




















15

	After he’d deposited the car in the garage of the condo, he forced himself to walk casually to his back entrance, feeling an urge to sprint.  But again, no sign of anyone lurking.  Maybe Davros had gone to the building without informing any confederates.  Even so, the news of the killing would soon be out.  Then Hegira would really be gunning for him.  He thought to look carefully around the lock of the back door for signs of tampering, but everything seemed perfectly normal.  He had jitters, yes, but they were justifiable under the circumstances.
	It was late, but he thought he could use a drink to settle his nerves.  He tried to eat some crackers to help fill the void in his stomach, but they turned to ashes in his mouth.  Davros, flying through the window; Jeremy sprawled with staring lifeless eyes.  The memories swam before him as from a dream or a movie he might have seen years before.  
	Mackenzie took his drink into the darkened living room and sank back into the cushions of the sofa.  He hadn’t registered any sound from Davros, no cry, only the crash of breaking glass, but now he recalled the gradually thinning scream of the killer as he plunged to his death.  
	Eventually, he slipped into a semi-prone position.  He removed his shoes and drew a throw over him, trying to clear his mind of the night’s events.  He’d have to be at work in a few hours as if nothing had happened.  
	He slept later than he had intended, not waking until 8:00.  As he dragged himself off the couch, the horrifying evening intruded into his thoughts.  Jeremy, a shame, yes, but he’d brought it on himself, playing with fire, hoping to undermine his colleague.  Still, it was bad business.
	He showered, feeling the soothing play of hot water on his sore body.  It had been through the mill.  He shaved and stared at his face through a lifting fog of steam.  A bruise on his chin, not that noticeable.  A bump on the back of his head, not noticeable at all.  Everything had seemed so right when he left the observatory last night.  He had been buoyed up by a sense of direction, a feeling of confidence.  He had known what to do.  
	Now, in the clear light of day, he thought of what it meant to have a killer–maybe killers–after him.  He had to ask himself if the plan still had a hope, or was he simply grasping at straws, not a very stable support.  But considering again what had to be done and how he could do it, he was reassured it was the only way.  If it worked, he’d be safe.  Not to say he still didn’t have an awesome task ahead of him, even if Chaim and the others agreed to go through with it.
	All the debris from Davros’s plunge had been cleared from the street, he was glad to see, when he drove past the office complex.  A patrol car with streaking lights, a police van, and two plain cars were noticeably parked in front of the building, and tapes and markers blocked the sidewalk where the investigation was proceeding.  Would the Hegira be on watch for him today?  He drove past the parking pavilion to another one in the next block.  Better to be safe than sorry--but what was safe anymore?
	He wondered about the police inquiry upstairs, which must be in progress.  If asked about his whereabouts last night, his story had to be carefully, casually given, that he’d gone home from work at much the usual time and spent a quiet evening alone.  No one except Jeremy and Em knew he’d been here later, and Em’s lips would be sealed.  
	He had expected to get a middle-of-the-night call from Fowler telling him of the deaths, but mercifully he’d had an uninterrupted five hours of sleep.  Now, this morning, he still felt drugged with tiredness, sapped by nervous exhaustion.  He didn’t relish confronting Fowler.  But that would be on the agenda; it too was part of the plan.
	Entering through the back alley door, he arrived at the thirty-third floor at 9:45 and noticed no unusual activity.  He presumed detectives were interviewing staff because of the homicides, but it appeared almost business as usual.  The secretaries were in a huddle and looked at him with questioning eyes.  He didn’t know anything had happened, of course.  Em detached herself from the group and followed him into his office.
	“Have you heard the terrible news, Mac?”
	He frowned, looking anxious or at least concerned, he hoped. “What news?  What is it?”  He set his briefcase down inside the well of his desk.  He must guard it well from now on.
	“An intruder was in the building last night.  He obviously surprised Jeremy, who must have decided to spend the night here. He sometimes does--did that.  Oh, Mac,” she cried, bursting into tears.  “Jeremy’s been killed.”
	“My God!  How?  You mean the intruder killed him?”
	Em nodded, wiping her eyes with a tissue.  “He must have fought with the guy and pushed him through the window upstairs.  But Jeremy’d been shot.  He died before the police got to him.”
	Mackenzie sat down heavily at his desk.  He didn’t need to pretend the shock that vibrated through him upon Em’s stark recital.  The actual scene, its horror and danger, renewed itself.  He covered his face with one hand.
	“I’m so sorry, Mac.  I know he was something of a pill, but this is terrible.  It’s so ironic that Jeremy’d be the one to have to deal with a gun-toting burglar.  He seemed so weak and ineffectual.  But he managed it.”
	“Yes, he did.”
	“You were lucky to have gotten your business out of the way before the trouble started.  Did you get what you needed copied?”
	He looked at her.  “Copied?  Yes, I got that taken care of.  No problem.”  He thought for a moment.  “Is Fowler in?”
	“Oh, yes.  He was here before I was.  A couple of detectives are talking to him.  I’m surprised he didn’t call you at home.”
	“Probably realized there wasn’t anything I could do.”  There it was again, a nagging concern that Fowler was keeping him in the dark, had not informed him promptly of the deaths.  But even if Fowler was having second thoughts about Mackenzie’s reliability, what difference would it make now?
	“Anyhow, he asked me to tell you to come right in to his office as soon as you arrived.”
	“I’ll go on in now.”  I can’t let anything change my plans.
	He watched her leave and then dialed Fowler’s extension.  
	“Fox!” Fowler said in a jagged, hoarse voice.	
	“I’ve just heard the tragic news.  Do you need me in your office?”
	“Yes, Mac.  Come right in.”  He hung up.
	Mackenzie turned the lock on his office door from the inside and closed it behind him as he left, hoping Em wouldn’t need to get anything from his files.  She was accustomed to having access to his work anytime she wanted.  But he couldn’t leave the precious evidence lying around behind an open door.
	Inside Fowler’s office, two men, obviously the detectives, were seated in front of Fowler’s desk but rose when Mackenzie entered.  They introduced themselves and shook his hand.  “We have some questions to ask you as well, Mr. Haber.”  Fowler hadn’t moved from behind his desk, but his demeanor betrayed his internal agitation.  The room was a fug of cigar smoke; Fowler must have been here since the early hours.
	Mackenzie nodded and took a seat.  
	The more mature looking of the two said, “You were, I presume, well acquainted with the deceased, Jeremy Willis.”
	“Of course.  He was the Vice President of Finance.  I’m the Vice President of Exploration.  Naturally, we had constant business dealings.”
	“We were thinking more about a personal relationship?”
	“Not really.  We didn’t socialize much except for business affairs.”
	“Was that a usual thing around here, not to socialize--I mean among the management?”
	“If we didn’t have much in common except our work.  I never thought much about it.”
	The detective nodded and the other one jotted down something in his notebook.  “Do you know anything about a man named Davros?” he went on, consulting his own notes.  “That is to say you may have known him by that name.  In fact, he’s been identified by the FBI as Mahmoud Abat-Sherad, a man with a questionable background, terrorist training in Libya.”
	Mackenzie raised an eyebrow and looked at Fowler, who sat slightly hunched over his desk, peering at Mackenzie through lowered brows.  “I’m certainly not acquainted with him.”
	The detective looked at him squarely.  “He was found on the sidewalk early this morning.  I expect you’ve heard he’d fallen from the thirty-fourth floor.  Any ideas about that?”
 	Mackenzie shrugged.  “Can’t imagine what he would have been doing in our offices.”  This could get sticky.
	“That’s what I said.”  Fowler’s jaws were clamping and unclamping. 
	“We don’t know the answer to that either.  We were hoping you could help us.  What about industrial espionage?  Have you any projects that would attract the notice of foreign interests?”
	“Not in the sense you mean,” Mackenzie answered.  “We’re constantly developing new drilling equipment, but the idea of having plans stolen seems ridiculous.  Anything innovative is promptly registered at the patent office.”  He looked at Fowler who nodded in agreement.  “Besides, if some foreigners in the industry wanted to steal our plans for, say, a new piece of equipment or technique, I wouldn’t think they’d send in someone so obvious to prowl around.  Better to infiltrate with a new employee.  Did he have anything on him that might indicate what he was up to?”
	“Afraid not.  We’re just guessing.  We may never know what brought him to Houston, to this building and the thirty-fourth floor.  Maybe looking for a likely place to plant a terrorist device.  We’ve got the dogs upstairs sniffing out the area for explosives.  We’ll keep the thirty-fourth floor sealed until it’s secure.”  The two detectives folded their notebooks as if on cue and stood up, the older one assuring Fowler they’d be in touch.  Fowler and Mac watched the detectives leave the office.  Neither spoke until the door closed behind them.
	Fowler sank again into his chair.  “Sit down, Mac.  We’ve got to talk a little ourselves.  I’d figured on a real celebration this morning.”  He pointed to a champagne bucket on the bar.  “I had Nora put out a Louis Roederer Cristal to chill last night so we could toast your new title as of August 31.  President of Gravely and Fox.  Champagne don’t seem right now.”
	“No.  When did you hear about Jeremy?”
	“Not until four this morning.  Evidently, the body of that Arab was spotted by a patrol car sometime after two.  They messed around a bit with the security officer in the building, who gave them my name when they discovered the guy had fallen from the thirty-fourth floor.”  Fowler gave Mackenzie a grim look; his face was haggard, pouchy eyes and drooping lines.
  	“I know this situation is a shock, but we do need to talk, Fowler.”  At all costs, he wanted to avoid a discussion of the deaths and whatever implications Fowler might draw from them.  He took the plunge.  “I’d planned to speak to you anyway.  I guess there’s no easy way of saying this except to put it plainly.  I’m not accepting the presidency.”
	“Not accepting?  What are you saying?”  Fowler’s face was a mask of disbelief.
	“Just that, and more.  I’m leaving the company.”  Stated baldly like that, it wasn’t so difficult.  He’d cautioned himself not to over explain.  It wouldn’t make any difference and he might slip and say something he shouldn’t.
	“Mac!  Leaving Gravely and Fox?  Mac, Mac, Mac, you don’t mean that.  You’ve been upset lately.  Now this,” he said, lifting his hand to indicate the floor above.  He came around the desk and sat beside Mackenzie.  “But more than that, I know I’ve sounded harsh to you in the last few weeks.  Cut you off, dismissed your concerns about the Moho.  Is that it?  Is it?”
	“The Moho?  Yes, that’s part of it.”
	“But you knew the deal on that from the beginning.”
	“I hardly did.  I wasn’t given any options, you know.  Maybe I just want to excuse myself and my complicity, but you had me over a barrel.  I’m picking myself up and moving on.”
	“Mac, don’t let the conspiracy drive you out of here.”  He took a deep, sustaining breath as if to fortify himself.  “What if I told you it’s been the Moho that has kept Gravely and Fox such a prosperous company through thick and thin; it’s been the reason we could expand into other areas.  Would that make more sense to you about why we don’t want news of the discovery to leak out?”
	Mackenzie gave Fowler a quizzical look.  “I don’t know what you mean.  We’ve never been able to profit as a company from our knowledge.  Except maybe with increased oil prices.”
	“No, I mean real income, steady income that’s seen us and will see us through any changes in the oil market.”  He stood up and began to pace.  “I planned to talk to you about this after you took over the presidency.  I hinted about it earlier when I told you that someday you’d have the Moho tape.  And you will, I promise you.  But I doubt that you’ll ever have to open the region up for drilling.  We’ve had and will continue to have the sweetest deal you could ever imagine.  It should carry Gravely and Fox into the twenty-first century in fine style, if you don’t mess things up.”
	“Be plain, Fowler,” Mackenzie said curtly.  “I’m not in the mood for innuendo.”
	Fowler smiled, but his gestures were jerky.  He was nervous, Mackenzie observed.  “When I copied out the wireline tape, I wondered what to do with it.  I couldn’t see implicating myself or Gravely and Fox in a conspiracy, no matter what.  Then I thought, why not share the information with those who’d want the news covered up even more than the United States?”  He paused in his aimless ramble in front of Mackenzie, who rose from his seat.
	“You went to the Arabs?”  Who was this man?  Had he really believed in him, trusted him?  He gave a low moan of despair.
	“Now don’t take it like that.  This didn’t go against our country, did it?  I just thought we might as well profit from all our effort.  The oil cartel snapped up my offer like a chicken on a worm.  Ever since, Gravely and Fox has been getting a stipend from them to keep the news from the public.”  He allowed himself a complacent smirk.  “Of course, they didn’t know it was a bluff.  I didn’t want the news to leak out any more than they did.  But they’ve never called my hand.  Too risky for them.”
	The implications of this revelation were so staggering that Mackenzie hardly knew how to proceed.  But there were answers he needed, just to set the record straight.  “Did they know who among us here at the company were in on the conspiracy?”
	“Sure, that was important for them.  I told them you and Leo were safe.  You weren’t going to spill the beans.”
	“Did you happen to mention Joe Scudder?”
	Fowler shot him a withering glance.  “Don’t try to lay that on me.  If they found out about Joe being the toolpusher--hell, it was public record if they wanted to dig for it.  Mainly, they needed to know how secure you and Leo were.  I told them you boys would listen to me, take my advice.  You always have when it comes to business matters, haven’t you?”  Fowler looked jauntier now.  He made his way to the bar.
	“But not about geological or, for that matter, geopolitical matters,” Mackenzie said.  “The Moho shouldn’t have been considered from a merely business standpoint.  It never should have, I know now.”
	Fowler removed two champagne flutes from the cabinet.  Evidently, Mackenzie thought, nerves overrode Fowler’s reluctance to breach decorum.  He wasn’t celebrating; he needed a drink.  
	“I know you’ve got an idea about scientific integrity, Mac.  I respect that.  And you seem to have a thing about Israel.  The Arabs have wondered about you.”
	“Why would they?  Did you suggest during the other crises that I was wanting to break the conspiracy?”
	“Not then, not really.”  Fowler set down the champagne bottle.  “Look, I figured you’d give in this time like you’d always done before, but my God, Mac, what would they have done to me if you went ahead and leaked it?”
	“So I was to be your insurance.  As long as they had me to watch and could scare me into complying, you didn’t have to worry.”
  	“But I told them when they threatened this latest embargo that you’d fall in line.  You and Leo I believed to be loyal--and I told ’em so!  Joe didn’t know enough to be dangerous to them.”   He turned to Mackenzie. “Don’t you see, Mac, all this will soon be your responsibility, your gain. I’ll continue to handle the payments as Chairman of the Board.  You won’t get into such matters until after I’m dead and gone.  But you need to know the set up, know who the contacts are.”
	So that’s how the Hegira eventually came to distrust me.  They knew me better than Fowler did.  “How could you manage the payments coming from the Arabs?  Wasn’t it a little hard to explain to accounting?”  How much had Jeremy known?	
	Fowler poured the champagne carefully.  “It’s not hard to launder money when you’re in our business.  Contracts can be arranged that cut out a larger slice for us.  It’s all legal looking.  Jeremy questioned it once; he knew we were overpaid, but I told him if he wanted to increase our holdings, buy companies, he’d better not look a gift horse in the mouth.  He understood how business sometimes had to be done.  He accepted the fact that I knew best.”  Fowler had filled the glasses brimful and now walked gingerly across the room to hand one to Mackenzie.  “I think a glass of bubbly would be appropriate after all.”
	Mackenzie sipped at the drink, still standing.  His mouth was quite dry.  “I suppose in telling me this, you believe it’ll make a difference in my decision?”
	“Mac!  Think!  Gravely and Fox never needs to worry about hard times, slow downs, low prices, even more competition.  We’re set for as long as the Moho remains a secret.”  He put his glass on the ebony desk.  It spilled over in a little puddle.  “I want you to know that I’ve never personally taken a dime.  Every bit of these extra funds has gone into the company.”
	And you’ve paid yourself a handsome salary as head of that company.  “This is all very interesting, but you’ve read me wrong again, Fowler.  My decision to leave the company isn’t based on its future prosperity.  It has to do with the integrity of Gravely and Fox and my own integrity--what I can live with.  Maybe it has a lot to do too with the way I spend my work life--the need I have to get out from behind a desk.  I’ve made my decision, and now all I can do is leave.”
	“Do you think you could get another job in this industry,” Fowler sneered, “without my recommendation?  I can ruin you just as fast as I can raise you up.”
	“I don’t plan to stay in the oil business.  Do or say what you want, my plans won’t hinge on your good will.”
  	“Now you’re dreaming.  The oil business has been your career; that’s where your connections are, your expertise is.  Don’t tell me you can leave this business.”
	“I just did.  I mean it, Fowler.  I’m getting out.”
	“But what’ll I do without you?” Fowler cried.  His voice held a note of genuine distress.  “I’d always planned for you, built the company for you to take over.”
	“I was supposed to be the new improved Fowler.  Giving me the reins was no more than extending your control for as long as you had a hold over me.  I can see that now, and I’m rejecting it.”  He turned to go.  “I’ll try to finish up what business I have pending before I leave.”
	“Don’t do me any favors.  I’ll handle it from now on.  Just get out, you . . . you . . .”  For once, Fowler seemed speechless.  He slammed his fist on the desk and then swept the two champagne flutes off onto the carpet.  “I don’t want to see you again.”
	As Mackenzie walked to the door, Fox gave an anguished cry. “You might have told me before I went to the board and sang your praises.  You might have given me that.”
	Mackenzie turned to face Fowler again.  “I didn’t know for sure until last night.  Believe me, I thought I wanted the presidency more than anything in the world.  And for what it’s worth, I have appreciated being under your tutelage; I’ve learned a great deal from you, despite everything.  I want you to know that.”
	“What do you want?  Life on a beach?  Breaking the bank at Monte Carlo?  Do it for awhile.  Take a flyer, have fun, go all out.  Then come back like the responsible person you are and take up your new duties.”
	Mackenzie laughed.  “If I told you what I wanted, you wouldn’t believe me.  I’ll make a living.  Not as good as the one you’ve provided, but I’ll survive.”
	“And what about Rick?”
	“He’ll have to take it on the chin for a while, I suppose.  Maybe find out how the other half lives.  He’ll be fine in a state school if it comes to that.  It was fine for me.  Besides, I’m not destitute yet, you know.”
	“But what about me, the company?  You’re leaving me in the lurch.  Now with Jeremy gone, I haven’t got anyone.”
	“I’m sure you can find a host of willing recruits for our jobs.”
	“You can’t go through with this, Mac.  It’s unfair.”
	“You could always sell the company.  Make a nice little profit.”
	“Sell Gravely and Fox?  Rather rip out my heart.”
	“But it’s all going to be different now, Fowler.”  He opened the massive door.  “You can’t change that, no matter how much you wish.”  He pulled the door behind him, feeling as if he’d escaped from hell.
	He went back to his office strangely lighthearted; he’d shed a weight that he’d believed to be part of him.  But Fowler’s disclosure had struck him between the eyes.  All these years, sucking off the Arabs from motives of avarice.  He refused to believe it took that kind of opportunism to succeed.  He would soon be given the chance to prove his conviction.
	But before he left, he felt obligated to clear up as many pending matters as he could for the sake of those who had depended on his expertise and authority.  Fowler could take over after that, appointing grateful successors to his and Jeremy’s positions.  Mackenzie sorted through his files and pulled out those requiring urgent attention.  
	He started to buzz for Em when he stopped, considering.  No one deserved more than she did.  He’d planned to give her an extra generous bonus at Christmas, his prerogative, but now that would be impossible.  And then for all he knew, Fowler might have called Personnel and had his name removed from the employment roster.  His request for funds of any kind could be denied.  As part of his contract he was owed a bonus based on company profits that he was due to receive at the close of the fiscal year, which was the end of June.  That should be automatic and out of Fowler’s hands.  But Mackenzie would take care of Em.  He wrote out a personal check for Emily Bainbridge in the amount of two thousand dollars.  Not princely, but not paltry either if he thought about his uncertain future. 
	He didn’t go out for lunch that day, asking Em to send out for sandwiches.  Fowler hadn’t made an effort to talk again to him.  What might he doing now?  After hearing news of the intruder, he’d probably checked on the records in the chest to see if they were intact.  He had no reason to fear Mackenzie’s duplicity in the matter.  Mackenzie wanted to believe that Fowler had no idea his “arrangement” had brought danger to Mackenzie and death to Jeremy and Joe Scudder.  He wouldn’t have wished to be that much out of the picture, severed from controlling the situation and at the mercy of the Arabs.  
	In thinking how Fowler would handle Mackenzie’s resignation, he realized that the old man wouldn’t like to be seen by others as left at the altar.  He was no doubt cooking up a story to explain Mackenzie’s abrupt departure.  The story most likely would be circulated that they’d had a policy disagreement, irreconcilable, that necessitated Mackenzie’s leaving the company.  Shocking to the employees, but keeping Fowler in a better light.
	Towards late afternoon, Mackenzie called for Em to come to his office for instructions.  He dreaded telling her about his plans as much as he had Fowler.  More, in a sense.  There had been a grim satisfaction in disembarking from Fowler’s floundering ship.  But Em was an innocent; he didn’t want her to suffer because of him.
	“Yes, Mac,” she said, standing in front of his desk.  She had her note pad and pencil in her hands.  She looked less brisk and more feminine today in a cream cotton jersey dress with a long, full skirt, belted with a turquoise sash.
	“Sit down, Em.”  He rose and walked from behind his desk to sit on its edge near her.  “I’ve got to do some plain talking about big changes around here.”
	“The presidency?” 
	He gave her a sad smile.  “I wish I could say yes, that what we’ve been expecting has finally come around, but it’s completely different now.  The opposite from your expectations, I know.  I just turned down the presidency and resigned from Gravely and Fox.”  He heard her gasp, and he looked away from her stricken face.
	“But why, Mac?”  Her voice was trembling.
	“I can’t go into details.  Let’s just say that Fowler and I have grievous differences.  This has been a hell of a week.  You more than anyone here know how tense and peculiar it’s been.  I’ve found what I needed to find, and I can’t continue to work here.  That’s all.”
	“What will you do?”
	“I have an idea, but it’s a little premature yet to get into specifics.  It’s not connected with the oil business, that I can say.”
	“Will there be a place for me?”  She was making an effort to calm herself now, though her voice was still shaky.
	“As soon as I can arrange it.  Not right away.”  He gave a wry grimace.  “I expect I won’t be making enough money for a while to do more than work out of my home.  Later, I hope to set up an office if all goes well.”
	“In Houston?”
	He moved his hand from side to side.  “Possibly.  But I’ll have the freedom to choose where I want to settle.”
	“I hope you’ll be able to do more field work, Mac.  I know that’s what you’ve always liked.”
	“On the nose, Em.  No wonder you’ve been such a good secretary.”  He paused for a moment.  “About the matter that we were engaged in this week . . .”
	“No one will ever know.  It’s not important to me.  I’ve forgotten it.”
	“Thanks, Em.  I want you to know that what we did will make a positive difference in the lives of millions of people.  It was that big.”
	“I figured you weren’t involved in anything petty.  I know you pretty well after all these years.  I could always trust you to do the honorable thing.”
	His face grew hot.  “Not always.  When I fell from grace, it was a real screw up.  I’ve been trying to put it right.”
	“I wish you’d tell me, Mac.  I’d never say a word, you know.”
	“Of course not.  But it’s really impossible.  For your own protection, you don’t want to know.  Besides, in a few days, I think it’ll be rectified once and for all.”
	“I’m glad, Mac.”
	“Well, Em,” he said rising.  “I guess this will be our last day together.  I’ll keep in touch and let you know when I’m ready to hire staff.”  He grinned.  “Maybe by then you’ll be reluctant to leave your new boss anyway.”
	“Don’t think it.”  
	They shook hands.  Then she impulsively reached to hug him. They both laughed, embarrassed at this unaccustomed display of emotion.  He took the check from his pocket and handed it to her.  She gasped as she read the amount and covered her eyes with one hand.  “I don’t know what to say, Mac.”
	“Then don’t try.  It’s little enough for all you’ve done for me through the years.”  
	His throat was tight as he watched her leave the office.  The last time for a long while he would be able to congratulate himself on his good fortune in having such excellent help.










16
		
	The three of them were seated in chairs much like those in Chaim’s office--traditionally styled and upholstered in rich tapestry.  As in the office, here in the apartment Chaim was sitting across from Teléah and Mackenzie; he’d seen many times before how people attached themselves to the familiar.  Like animals of every stripe, we need our own territory, no matter how tiny or insignificant an area.  He was soon to be staking out new territory for himself.  The prospect, like for any pioneer journey, was daunting.  Exciting, too.  
	Teléah looked excited herself, or maybe it was the red, halter-style dress without sleeves.  She looked wonderful.  He smiled first at her and then Chaim, both of whom seemed to be checking him out with unreadable expressions.  He supposed his own calm was confusing to them.  By all rights, according to the impression he’d given to Chaim last night, he should have been a basket case by now.
	Chaim had first, like a good host, welcomed Mackenzie to the meeting and provided him with a drink.  Then, in the pregnant silence that followed, as Mackenzie sipped the smooth Scotch, the diplomat said quietly, “Is it in there?”  He gestured toward the briefcase beside Mackenzie’s leg.
	“It is.”  Mackenzie reached down to unbuckle the case.   He removed the thick record of the exploration to the Moho.  He almost laughed to see their faces.  They might have been gazing at the Ark of the Covenant.  “It looks like an ordinary wireline tape.”  He unfolded it, stretching the tape out until he found the end of the record.  “But here’s the proof we needed.  Everything is recorded that backs up my story.  The report of our findings also includes a statement signed by Fox, Danzig, and me, attesting to our first-hand knowledge of the discovery.”
 	“Let’s take it to the dining room so we can spread it out,” Chaim suggested.  
	He took the record from Mackenzie and partially unfolded it section by section on the table.  “No one could cast a doubt on the veracity of such a record?” he asked, examining the tape closely.  Teléah was standing between the two men.
	“No,” Mackenzie answered.  “This says it all.  Here you’ll see T. D. or total depth.  Any earth scientist would recognize we’d reached the Moho; the wireline tape explicitly notes the latitude and longitude where the test took place, which would specify the location of the operation.”  He turned to the woman beside him.  “Is it clear to you, Teléah?  Can you challenge it from the perspective of a scientist?”
	Teléah said nothing for a moment, turning the sheaf of paper to read the data carefully.  “It looks absolutely definitive.”  She was quite near, and her scent, like that of a rare flower, stung his senses.  He gathered his wits together.  Careful.
	Mackenzie folded the tape again and stashed it back in his briefcase.  He felt no urgency now, hardly anxiety.  The danger was still present, though, and he knew that Davros’s death would not put an end to the threat from Hegira.
	“Have you heard,” he said to Chaim as they walked back to the living room, “any more about the mysterious caller at our office complex last night?”
	“Not a word.  Just the report in the paper.  I was terrified when I first realized it was your company’s offices, but relieved not to hear your name mentioned.  Do you know who it was?  Did you have to elude Hegira?”
	“In a manner of speaking, yes.  The man who called himself Davros was let into the building by one of my associates, who had been spying for the Hegira, believing Davros, or so he was called, to be from a government security agency.  We had a very ugly scene as you might imagine.”
	“Mackenzie!” Teléah cried.  “You were there at the time of the killings?”
	He gave a bitter smile.  “Davros wanted this.”  He nodded at the tape.  “I didn’t let him get it.”
	“My God, Mackenzie,” Chaim exclaimed, a frown line appearing between his heavy brows.  “So you, rather than your unfortunate colleague, threw Davros out the window.”  He groaned.  “You mean you’ve been carrying that tape around with you since last night?  I didn’t think.  Why didn’t you let me know?  I could have sent a driver to pick you up, take you to and fro.  Did you notice anything suspicious at your home tonight?”
	“I haven’t been home.  I resigned from my job today and worked to clear up loose ends before leaving to get some dinner.  I came directly from the restaurant here.”  He’d exited his building carefully, knowing others could be watching for him. 
	“Thank God for that,” Teléah said, looking at Chaim.
	“This sounds dangerous all around.  You say you’ve resigned?”  He looked at him from behind his thick brows.  “You’ve evidently been through a great deal, my friend.”  
	“I found out from Davros--actually, he’s named Mahmoud Abat-Sherad--that he represented the mysterious Hegira, which is a brand new security operation funded by A-OPEC.  They’ve been busy cleaning up what they considered messy details--like me.  But Davros didn’t have the last word after all.”
	Chaim’s normally imperturbable expression had changed to one of admiration.  “A nice piece of work you’ve accomplished--and beyond the Moho, provided us with some valuable information.  My God, the stakes are incredibly high in this game.  We’ve known that, of course, but this incident should make us doubly cautious.  Now how to play this last hand.  That’s what we must decide.” 
	“Yes,” nodded Mackenzie.  “Before I say anything, have you arrived at any decision?  Come up with an idea?”
	“I’ve thought and thought.  Teléah and I have talked about the problems connected with revealing the information on the Moho.  We always are brought up short with the impossibility of damaging our relations with the United States.  It would do incalculable harm even though the thought of a long range source of oil is tempting.  Somehow, though, we must gain control of our destiny for our nation’s sake and for the economic freedom of the West.  We can’t continue to be tyrannized by the Mid Eastern nations.”  He sighed.  “Why do I say the obvious?  But, like you, we see no safe way to disclose the information.  As it stands, your own situation is untenable, too.  You can’t be expected to live your life under constant threat either.”
	“I wouldn’t have believed,” interjected Teléah, “how difficult it would be to resolve this situation.  We appear to be so close now, yet so far.” 
	Mackenzie nodded.  “You know how much I’ve struggled with the same thoughts.  It wasn’t until last night, driving on the outskirts of Houston, I suppose trying to escape everything, that I had a unique experience, not particularly remarkable in itself, but through it, I found what I hope will be the solution.”
	Neither Chaim nor Teléah spoke.  Their expressions showed such eagerness, Mackenzie could only hope he’d been right in assessing the plan, that he wouldn’t disappoint them and himself.
	He rose from his chair and began to pace.  He hadn’t tried the idea out loud, batted it off anyone except his own critical sense.  Would it have unmanageable flaws?  “I lost my way last night, was completely disoriented, not knowing what direction I’d gone or how far.  After I exploded the bomb--“ he heard Teléah gasp, but he went on, “I would have been glad to forget all about the Moho.  I was sick and tired of the whole thing.”  He turned to Chaim.  “In my call to you I must have sounded as if I was at the end of my rope.  I wanted to run as far away as I could.  Instead, I ran upon a little observatory tucked away in the countryside.”
	“An observatory?” asked Teléah.  “The university out-station?”  
	He nodded at her.  “I didn’t know anything about it; I just wanted directions back to Houston.  I couldn’t keep running.  An old retired professor showed me in and led me to the telescope.  He’d been tracking a supernova, photographing it.”
	“Yes,” said Teléah, nodding.  “There’s been a sighting recently.”	
	Chaim looked puzzled.  “Go on, Mac,” he urged a little impatiently.
	“I listened to him talk about his work, the tracking, the interrelationships with other astronomers who contributed their observations to form a picture of the phenomenon.  He spoke about the supernova itself.  I know,” Mackenzie said to Teléah, “this sounds elementary to you, but as he spoke, I felt curiously free of my problem.  For the first time in weeks, my mind cleared, seemed to empty itself into the night sky, and then I began to understand something that brought me to the solution.  Something about time.  Getting away from the immediate.  The professor mentioned the steady state of the universe, that matter didn’t die but changed into a different form for a different purpose.”
	“That’s right, Mackenzie,” Teléah said with a slight smile.
	“Right now, the Moho exists in a timeless state as long as no one taps into it.  If we break the story, and the nations of the world use the source, it will lose that status and become a commodity for fuel, being changed into another form of matter.  But what if the knowledge of the Moho is used for positive control?  The Moho becomes a beacon of knowledge, put to a different use from the one we’ve been thinking of.  In other words, we don’t tap into it for fuel, but hold it over the heads of A-OPEC.  Ironically, this knowledge has been the basis of blackmail all these years by my former boss for his own profit.  That’s been one of his hidden pressures to maintain the conspiracy.”
	“I’m lost,” Chaim laughed.  “This conversation is getting too esoteric for me.  I’m a practical man, looking for practical results, if possible.  You say your boss--your former boss has been using the knowledge of the Moho for profit?  I know the original intent in the conspiracy was to gain diplomatic influence and continue the oil profits for the United States.  That day passed long ago.  How could this Fox person have used the knowledge for his own benefit?”
	“I’m a little slow myself.  I should have guessed how Fowler could have profited from silence if it was used as a threat over the heads of A-OPEC.  It was a dangerous game.  In his arrogance, he didn’t realize how dangerous it was for an individual to play ball with the Arabs.  How easy it would have been for the Arabs to have murdered us all.  Maybe a little suspicious, of course, but if Fowler had been too greedy, it would have certainly been within the power of Arab cutthroats.  Now, with my break from the conspiracy and the records we have, we’ll have the means to keep those nations in line, if Israel agrees to the plan.  They won’t be able to threaten Israel with dissolution or the United States with economic chaos.”
	“What about this Fowler’s hold over them?  He won’t know that Israel has the chips.  Will he continue to profit from the circumstances as before?”
	“Probably not, if we assure the Arabs that he has no intention of releasing the information on his own.  He’d never damage his own reputation, even for money.  He told me himself it’s all been a huge bluff.  But that won’t be our concern anyhow.  OPEC will have to make up its own mind about what to do about Fowler.  Soon Israel will have the means and political leverage to control the situation.  As far as the Arab nations are concerned, Israel will be only too happy to set up a deep sea drilling operation.”
	“How is this plan of yours to be accomplished?” Teléah asked.  “What action needs to be taken?”
  	“Your government leaders will have to meet secretly with the leaders of A-OPEC and explain the facts:  That unless they cooperate with Israel and the West--no more threats using Israel as a pawn, no more price fixing of oil, no more wars against Israel--Israel is prepared to drill to the Moho with the rest of the world soon on its heels.”  Mackenzie looked from one to the other.  “That’s our bluff.  We wouldn’t want to do it either.  It would be difficult to pretend such knowledge came by an educated guess, that Israel simply took a chance and drilled in just the right place.” 
	He smiled at Teléah.  “We’ve already speculated on the terrible effects of an unlimited supply of oil for everybody. But it would be a disaster for OPEC.  It’s a gamble, for sure, but one we have to take.  Don’t you see?  The Moho can become a shield against aggression, both military and economic, that can remain in place virtually forever--or at least until the world’s available fuel runs out.”
	“By that time,” offered Teléah, “maybe all nations can be trusted to place realistic controls on its use, or an effective alternate source will have been discovered, invented, whatever.” 
	“Exactly.  It’s because Israel is such a small, cohesive, homogenous country that it’s the logical instrument for carrying out the plan.  This plan needs the force of a national policy behind it--no single individual could pull it off with impunity.”  He remembered Fowler and his double dealings, the deaths of Joe and Jeremy, his own departure from G and F.  “But a nation like Israel could.”
	“My God,” said Chaim.  “This knowledge would give Israel unbelievable leverage.  But the question is--how can a meeting be arranged posthaste?  Setting it up would require diplomacy at its best,”  He looked thoughtful.  “First of all, Israeli leaders must be convinced of the viability of the plan.  They are not known for rapid decision making.  Though the current situation should act as a potent spur.”
	“You’ll be especially needed to persuade those who have the authority to set up a meeting in Israel.  If that flies, then I’ll meet with your leaders to explain the details.  You should be there and Teléah, too.  With her knowledge as a scientist to back me up, your leaders should understand and move quickly on it.”
	“I would think,” said Teléah, “your participation in the original conspiracy, your sense of loyalty, misguided though it was, will help explain much as to why it was covered up in the first place and why it must remain so.”
	“There’s only one thing wrong with the plan that disturbs me,” Mackenzie said.  “I wanted more than anything to advance the knowledge of my own science--geology.  But I know this isn’t the time.  There are too many unscrupulous leaders of nations who’d think nothing of polluting the planet or bringing down the economy of the United States.  Someday, I expect there will be a greater regard for the planet’s natural resources.  Don’t get me wrong.  I believe they should be used to help the human race, but they need sometimes to be guarded for a time when people and nations can husband their use more effectively.”
	“Very eloquent,” Chaim commented.  “I can see you’ll do well in making your case.”
	Mackenzie grinned.  It was true; he’d been practicing a bit for his presentation.  “Then you agree this just might work?  That your nation will see the advantages of holding the Moho over the Arabs?”
	“I cannot say for certain, but I think the advantages are self-evident.”  During Mackenzie’s explanation, Chaim had been so absorbed he’d forgotten even to sip his drink.  Now he took a large gulp of brandy and water, making a face.  “Anybody else need a refill?”
	Mackenzie declined more Scotch, wishing for water.  He, too, took a large gulp when it was handed to him.  “Where do we go from here?”
	“We must move very fast,” Chaim said.  “I’ll talk with the Consul-general first thing in the morning.  He’s at Temple this evening.  Sometimes I regret my lack of piety, but tonight I’m glad I occasionally miss prayers.”
	“What should I do?  Get tickets for Cairo for Teléah and me?”
	Chaim thought for a moment.  “We can’t risk you traveling commercial using the round-about route through Egypt holding that information.”  He pointed at the briefcase.  “The Hegira is not expelled with the death of one man.  They’ll be looking for you.  I’d advise you not to go to your apartment again until after this is all over.”
	“But that’s impossible.  I’ll need my things!  My clothes, my passport.”  
	“I know.  We’ll pick up what you need for the trip.  I believe it would be best for you to take the diplomatic flight on our own plane, out of Washington.  We’ll make arrangements to get you to D. C. well guarded.  Tomorrow, you must write out a list of what you’ll need for--say, two weeks.  I should imagine, if everyone goes along with the plan, that it will take that long to arrange a meeting and come to an agreement with OPEC.”  He nodded encouragingly.  “Trust me on this, Mackenzie.  Again, we’ve had more experience with the tactics used by the opposition.  You’re the only thing standing in the way of the embargo and the threat to Israel.  They obviously know of the tape, and they know you’re defecting from the conspiracy.”
	Mackenzie nodded to Chaim.  He was right, of course.  He was a marked man and wouldn’t be safe if and until Israel and then OPEC accepted the plan.  He glanced at Teléah, who was looking at him with an expression that made his heart lurch and filled him with sadness.  She wasn’t his; she belonged to another man.  He suddenly felt adrift and very alone.  He massaged his temples with one hand.  Mustn’t lose heart now.  So close.
	“As for the next two or three days, Mackenzie,” Chaim went on, “I’m afraid I don’t have the space to put you up here.  My apartment’s quite small, as you can see.  Besides, this place may be routinely watched.  The hotel, I think.”  He looked  at Teléah and then said in a reluctant tone, “I suppose, you, too, should go to cover.  Both of you will go to a safe hotel.”  He went to the telephone on his desk and dialed a number from memory.
	“Josef?  This is Chaim.  I need two rooms for tonight, Saturday, and--ah, Sunday, I think.  Make the reservations in the names of Mr. M. Smith and Mrs. T. Jones.  Fine.  They’ll be over within the hour.”
	He walked back and forth in front of the other two, swirling the liquid in his glass thoughtfully.  “You’ll not be troubled by unwelcome visitors there.  All the guests are screened thoroughly.  Drop-in visitors are not allowed access to the rooms without permission from the occupants.”
	“What about my things?” Teléah said.  “If I’m to be going back to Israel immediately, I’ll need my work as well as my personal items.”
	“You, too, should make out a list of what you need for the trip.  Be sure and specify where they may be found.  What you can live without will be packed up and sent on by a later flight.”  
	“Will we be incommunicado at the hotel?”  Mackenzie thought about the effect of leaving the country with virtually no preparations.  But then, who needed to know?  He’d cut his traces anyhow.
	“Pretty much so.  Inform me whom you wish to contact and we’ll check them out.  Could be the Hegira has a wire tap on anyone close to you.  Is there someone?”
	“No, just my ex- wife.  I’d wanted to see about her, make sure she wasn’t getting any more of those threatening phone calls--or worse.”
	“Be careful when you call her.  Don’t suggest you’re taking a trip.  Ask about her security arrangements, if they seem intact.  It should be all right.”
	Mackenzie nodded.  Now everything was moving and moving fast.  He was caught up in the momentum, or soon would be after the wait in the hotel.  He looked at Chaim, settled once more in one of the tapestry chairs.  “What will happen?”
	“After I talk to the Consul-general, I have no doubt he will inform the Ambassador in the morning, who should agree that we can waste no time in getting you to Israel.  I hope a meeting will be set up the earliest with Israeli leaders.  From then on, it’s in their hands.”  He spread his own.  “I don’t foresee too many problems.”  He smiled broadly at Mackenzie.  “Did I tell you how much I like your plan?”
	Mackenzie allowed himself a smile.  A lot of ifs before the solution would be in place.
	“Chaim,” Teléah cried.  “What you were telling me a week or so ago, about a nation being allowed to exist.  This makes sense of your thoughts.”  She turned to Mackenzie.  “Chaim had proposed that a nation cannot expect to exist simply on the goodwill of others.  That it either must be seen as having something valuable to contribute or so innocuous as to be non-threatening.”  She laughed, her hair swinging back as she raised her chin.  “What a beautiful irony.”
	Mackenzie agreed.  “If truth were told, I expect many young nations in history survived because of secret deals with powers that could have wiped them out.”  He glanced at his watch.  Eleven-thirty.  “It’s getting late.  Maybe we should call it a night.” 
	“Agreed,” said Chaim, rising.  “We’ll take care of your car until you return from the trip.  I’ll ring for a limo to take you to the hotel.  You can leave your briefcase in the hotel safe.  Don’t worry,” he said at Mackenzie’s frown, “extremely important documents have been protected before in that safe.”   Chaim went to the bar and selected a bottle, and then fished around in the cabinet below until he found a large, brown envelope.  “You may need this,” he said, handing them both to Mackenzie.
	“Napoleon brandy,” Mackenzie murmured, looking at the label.  “That’s very thoughtful.”













 17

	They arrived at the hotel past midnight.  Teléah couldn’t help but wonder what the management was thinking about the clandestine arrangements with them using obviously false names.  Probably used to strange people arriving at all hours.  The hotel was fairly small, quite modest-looking, really, not far from the Consulate.  At the desk, the clerk (Josef?) greeted them with a smile and in a matter-of-fact tone and asked for their signatures.  “For the record,” he said in explanation.  Teléah self-consciously signed, “T. Jones.”  Then Mackenzie signed the bogus name and handed him the briefcase to be put in the hotel safe.  Josef took the case into the office and returned with a receipt for Mackenzie.  He handed them their keys and called to someone in the office who relieved him at the desk.
	“Come this way,” he said, leading them to an elevator where he punched a button for the third floor.  There were only four floors to the hotel.  It was old but not dingy, with freshly painted walls and thick carpeting.  Josef didn’t speak the entire time, but occasionally he gave them a smile.  They stopped first at Teléah’s room.  He unlocked it and walked in ahead of her, turning on lights.  
	“Lovely,” she said with genuine appreciation. A far cry from her current living conditions.  This seemed the height of luxury, a odd, unexpected treat before she left for her country.
	“Will you be all right?” Mackenzie asked her, standing in the doorway.  He held up the package from Chaim and raised his eyebrows in a mute invitation.  
	She nodded and looked at him a moment longer than necessary.  They spoke to each other in that moment.  She felt herself go soft inside, her habitual defenses broken down so quickly and completely she nearly gasped aloud.  
	His face was very solemn, the face of a warrior relaxed after a battle and now ready for love.  It flashed into Teléah’s mind that this was a moment in time yet outside of it.  Just so would a galaxy viewed in a telescope have lived out a cycle of deaths and births of stars in the time it took to transmit its light.  We are seeing each other as we were and will be all at once.  She knew they would have a life together, full and harmonious, if only for a few days, maybe just hours.  The world would go on outside their rooms, but they would be encased in a time of their own making.
	After the men left to go to Mackenzie’s room next door, Teléah twirled in the middle of the room in an excess of joy.  She felt strangely free.  Then she stopped at looked around her.  The room was larger than most modern hotel suites.  Old fashioned in its decor with real antiques, a sumptuously cushioned couch and chair, and a four poster bed.  She investigated a large wardrobe and found a television set and shelves for storage.  Her anxiety about going back to Israel had been relieved by the sudden change in plans.  If all went well, and she was sure it would, Chaim would handle the arrangements admirably.    
	“We’ll have you out of there in no time,” he had promised her as he settled her in the limo, “so don’t take chances now.”  He gave her a meaningful look before he bent to kiss her on the cheek.  He knew.  He’d known from the beginning what would happen between Mackenzie and me even if we didn’t.
	She spent some minutes freshening up in the bathroom, a large room with art deco fixtures and decor--obviously reflecting the era when the hotel was built.  Then she was ready to go to him.  She gave herself a last fleeting look at the mirror over the desk.  Her excitement was visible.  She laughed out loud and left her room with the key in her pocket, hearing the click of the lock behind her.
	When Mackenzie opened the door, he’d taken off his tie and jacket, but he seemed a little discomfited.   Maybe, she thought, he was afraid he’d misread her look.  Surely he knew.  But it may have been only the lightening change in their relationship that caused that momentary uncertainty.  His expression of disbelief was somehow endearing to her.  He was not arrogant about his attractiveness to her, that she had chosen him.  
	“Our rooms are similar but not stamped out of a mold,” she said in a conversational tone.  She sank onto the couch, her skirt fanning out around her.  
	He watched her, his own movements suspended until he recovered his poise and offered her a drink of Chaim’s brandy.  While pouring the drinks into the glasses, he said, “I feel as if I’m on vacation.  The stressful time of being alone with the problem’s behind me.  Everything that’s been consuming me for the last few weeks is out of my hands.”  He turned and smiled at her.  “I know there’s a lot ahead, and I’ve got a part to play, but somehow I’m relieved of responsibility.  It feels good.”
	She took the proffered glass.  “Thank you.  Yes, it’s in the hands of fate or God, whatever you prefer.  You’ve done what you could, even made your offering, so now you can only wait.”
	“Offering?”  He sat down next to her on the couch.
	“Giving up your position, your work.  It’s in the nature of a sacrifice, isn’t it?”
	He nodded.  “I suppose so.  But I didn’t feel that way.  I gave it up willingly as if clearing out debris from my life.”
	“I know just what you mean.  I wonder if all the heroes we read about had a similar experience.  It appears they gave up their precious possessions, sometimes their lives, so gladly.  Maybe they were like you--changed inside to where their former life seemed irrelevant.”  She took a tiny sip of the drink and made a face.  “May I have some water with this, please.”
	He jumped up and took her glass to the desk which held the drinks tray.  He poured an ounce or two into her glass from a pitcher of water.  “Will this do?”  He again took his place beside her.
	“That looks perfect.  You say you feel as if you’re on vacation.  I feel as if we’re marooned on a desert island.”  She looked at him through slightly lowered lashes.  “It doesn’t seem real.  Maybe something terrible, wonderful will happen.  Maybe we’ll--“
	”Teléah.”  He put his own glass down and circling her shoulders with one arm, he turned her face toward him with his other hand.  “Teléah?”  
	“Yes, Mackenzie.”  She closed her eyes and he kissed her.
	She moaned a little at the touch of his lips.  His kisses were urgent, hungry.  She felt her own passion rise in a way that was unknown to her experience.
	“Why now?” he said between kisses.  “Why me now?”
	“Oh, my God,” she said, falling back from him, “you poor darling.  I don’t quite know.  I suppose I’ve wanted you for a long time, but I was afraid to start something that we couldn’t finish.  Tonight came the realization that what was between us would transcend our ordinary lives.  We have these days of grace.  We should accept them for what they are and no more.”
	 He unfastened the strap that held the halter of her dress.  “You beautiful thing,” he murmured.  “What an exciting woman you are.”  He kissed her breasts and as she dropped her head back, he covered her neck with kisses.
	“Whatever the reason,” he said, caressing her breasts, “I’m eternally grateful.”
	They rose together and helped each other remove their clothing.  Mackenzie gazed at her as she stepped out of her dress to reveal her naked body.  Clasped in each other’s arms, they fell onto the bed, the world forgotten. 
	Savor each moment.  Like unfolding the petals of a flower.
	“You are,” she panted at last, “a wonderful lover.  I’ve never felt like this before.”
	“That’s the way I planned it.”
	“And you?”
	“I’m fine.  Wonderful.  Again?”
	“Yes, oh, yes.” 
	Finally spent, she nestled in his arms, his heart pounding beneath her.  “We seem to have an affinity,” she said, giggling a little.
	“Sure do, sweet.”  He kissed her ear.  “I didn’t doubt we would for a minute.”
	“When did you think such a thing?” she demanded.  She felt aglow with happiness and contentment.  
	“Every so often, when I let myself think about you and me together.  The fact is, I don’t know what brought you to me tonight, but I won’t ask.  I’ve wanted you since I first met you.”  He gave a short laugh.  “Physically, yes, I was attracted, but tonight, tonight, there at the Consulate, I knew I wanted more than that and you seemed to suggest I couldn’t have it.”
	“Oh, Mackenzie,” she cried in a hushed voice.  “Don’t speak of the future yet.  You’ll spoil this.  Don’t be sad.”
	“So it’s back to Israel and your life before Mac Haber.”
	“How can it be anything else?  I have nothing to look forward to except my children, it is true.  But for their sake, I try to live my life the best I can.”
	“I understand that.  God knows, if we love our families, we do what we must to keep them whole and happy.”
	“So you really do understand?” 
	“I know you have a life beyond these four walls.  If this is all we can ever have, I’ll have to understand.  But don’t count me out yet.  My plans are still in the making.”  He stroked her body slowly.  “I’m a planner by nature, I guess.  It’s hard for me to live for the moment and not think ahead.  The thought of you without me. . .”
	“You must have guessed, Mackenzie, that I’ve had a strange marriage. When my parents immigrated to Israel, we met a young soldier in the refugee camp.  He saw something in my parents that reminded him of his own, he said.  They had died in the fight for independence.  It was 1949 and I was seven years old.  I thought Aaron Davin was the handsomest, bravest man I’d ever seen.  He was thirty-two years old and a captain in the Army.
	“I grew to depend on him, especially after my father died two years later.  He treated me like a doll that he could play amusing games with and then put aside.  But what more could I expect from a grown man?  He was very helpful to my mother and me.  We depended on him to get us supplies, even find for us a better place to live.  Later, as I grew into a woman and was getting my education at the university, he surprised me by proposing marriage.  I think my mother had a hand in that, for Aaron was a typical bachelor, shy and diffident around women.”
	“You loved him?” Mackenzie asked.
	She nodded and turned to look at his face so close to her.  She began to smooth the lines on his forehead, but he caught her hand and kissed the palm.  “Always I loved him as a good, dear friend.  I owed him a great deal.  We both tried at first to bring more to the marriage beyond our mutual esteem and affection.  But eventually, we grew apart.  Aaron was essentially . . .” she hesitated, “--a passionless man.  He occupied himself with his soldiering, and so I had to compensate with my children and work.  Together, yet separated, we remained until his death.”
	“But it’s a new day now, a different time for you,” he said flatly.
	She smiled at him. “All I know is that I couldn’t resist you forever.  It perhaps was wrong loving you like this.  We’re not joined in a bond of marriage.  We come from different worlds.  I can’t believe in a future for us.”
	“Don’t say that, darling.  This seemed inevitable, right for us.  We can’t help our feelings.  And I won’t believe this encounter marks the end for us.”
	“I seem to have been taken out of myself this evening in a way I can’t explain.  All those considerations that kept me in check with you this past year were forgotten, unimportant.”  She raised up on one elbow.  “But darling, I know they will return, maybe even as soon as the light of day, maybe as long as our departure for Israel.  Right now, I only want you, and as obvious as it sounds, I need you.”
	“Oh, God,” Mackenzie breathed, moving toward her.  “Don’t let this end too soon.  You’re healing me.”
	“I’m glad.”  She shuddered as a spasm of desire ran through her like electricity.  
	Later, he murmured sleepily, “I could get very attached to you, you know.”
	She turned over and snuggled, spoon fashion, into the curve of his body.  “I know.  Me too.  Later, we’ll talk.  G’night.”  But after his breathing slowed in sleep, she lay awake.  This was all her fault.  He had been strong, not pushed her, even while his eyes beseeched her.  She had advanced their relationship herself.  And as close as they seemed now, she could only feel a kind of despair for any future for the both of them.  Her life was in Israel.  Chaim was right about her devotion.  She sighed and tried to empty her mind.  Such a train of thought would solve nothing and get her nowhere.

	Mackenzie awoke to the dim light of morning that seeped in around the heavy closed curtains.  For a moment, he couldn’t think where he was.  Then the events of last night swept over him, and he reached for Teléah.  Nothing but covers, neatly pulled up.  He chided himself for falling asleep so quickly after their lovemaking.  He must have been exhausted.  He hoped he hadn’t disappointed her.  He checked his watch.  It was 7:05.  She’d obviously gone back to her room, probably to shower.  Couldn’t change clothes yet.  The Consulate would have to bring over their things soon.
	When he called her room, he expected she might not answer if she were in the bathroom, but on the second ring he heard her voice.
	“Good morning, sweet,” he said.
	“Hello, sleepyhead.  Are you well rested?”
	“I had some disturbance last night that kept me awake for a while, but who’s complaining?”
	She laughed.  “Are you ready for breakfast?”
	“Give me fifteen minutes.  I’ll have to get cleaned up.  Lord, I don’t have a razor.”
	“Yes, you do.  Look in the cabinet in the bathroom.  It’s equipped with razor and shaving cream, a toothbrush and toothpaste, shampoo, other necessary items.  No clothes, unfortunately.”
	“They must have a lot of unexpected guests here.”
	She laughed.  “Knock on my door when you’re ready.”
	He found everything as she’d suggested.   He put on his suit trousers and the dress shirt he’d taken off last night.  They were badly wrinkled.  Could he go to the hotel restaurant rumpled like this?  
	But when she opened the door to him, he saw a small table and two chairs in the middle of her room.  Breakfast had been laid out, the items covered.  “What a great idea!” he exclaimed.
	“You look as disheveled as I.”  She held out the creased skirt of her dress ruefully.  “I wasn’t in any shape to be out in public.”
	“This is much nicer anyhow.”  He shook out the napkin.  “We’ll have to make out our lists this morning.  I wonder when we’ll hear from Chaim?”
	“I expect it to be soon although he’s probably in deep conversation with the Consul-general right now.  Then the Ambassador will have to be informed and convinced that this is not a--a . . .”
	“Cockeyed scheme?”  Mackenzie grinned.  “Somehow, I believe that if Chaim was taken with it, others will be.  He doesn’t strike me as someone given to romantic notions without a basis of reality.”
	Teléah munched a piece of toast thoughtfully.  “No, he’s a pragmatist.”  She looked sober.
	“What’s wrong?”
	“I was wondering what will happen to you--or me--or Israel if they don’t like the plan.”
	He reached across the table and captured her free hand.  “Don’t borrow trouble, as my mother used to say.  Let’s keep a positive outlook until we know for sure.”
	“Yes, you’re right.”  She looked at him.  “Tell me about your mother, your family.  I know you’re from Kansas, but that’s about all I know.”
	“I lived in a small town in the middle of the prairie.  My father was German, my mother Scottish.  They ran a drug store where my father was the pharmacist.  I haven’t any brothers or sisters and like you, my father died when I was young--fourteen.  I went straight through the University of Kansas on an ROTC scholarship.  Tricia and I married after I got my bachelor’s and while I was in the Navy I got my master’s in geology.  You know about my son, Rick.”
	“You were happily married for many years?” she asked, pouring milk from a pitcher into her coffee.
	“I thought so.  I thought we were like any other married couple.  The bloom had gone from the roses but I believed we had a solid enough marriage.  But I was mistaken.  Tricia was looking for something else.  She had an affair that I just heard about which ended the marriage.  It was with Fowler, of all people.”
	“Oh, Mackenzie!  How terrible!  Your boss betrayed you with your wife?  What a terrible thing to hear even after so many years.”  Then she squeezed her eyes together as if in pain.  If only I could believe we have a future.  But nothing is clear right now except that my children mean everything to me.”
	“I understand.  I, too, want the best for my son and to keep him as close to me as possible.  My son isn’t reconciled to the breakup even after all these years.  I have to take some of the blame for the failure–too absorbed by my work, perhaps.  I can’t blame Tricia totally for what drove her into Fowler’s arms.  But Fowler was merely taking advantage of the opportunities.  He was greedy for another woman.  I don’t want you to think that’s my motive for loving you.”
	“Love?”  She gave him a half-smile.  “We’ve never mentioned love between us.  But I do love you, Mackenzie,” she said softly.  “I wish we could always be together, but how can that be?  I think you must also put your mind and heart to other purposes.”
	“I’ve never met anyone quite like you.  If something could be worked out between us you’d marry me?”
	She gave him a steady look.  “I don’t know.  My own heart says yes.  If the circumstances of my life were different, perhaps I could.  My children on their own. I don’t see that as reality.”  She took a deep breath and changed the tone of her voice.  “And now, you must tell me your future plans for a career.”
	“Oh, that.”  He gave a brief laugh.  “I’d hardly call it a career at this point.  I want to get back into geology, become a consultant for interesting projects around the world.  I’ve thought about seeking support from businessmen I know who are always looking for investment possibilities.  Diamonds, gold, uranium, perhaps.”
	Teléah seemed to be considering.  “I’ve heard of a newly formed syndicate in Israel that is raising funds to explore another rather mysterious region.  There are others besides the Moho!” she laughed.  “The Dead Sea Rift Project.  I don’t think it’s connected with the government.  You might like to meet with the organizers.  I know one of them quite well.”
	“I’d be interested, yes.  I believe I can make a new life that will suit me better than the old one.  I never wanted to be an executive too far removed from earth science and exploration.  I hope I can do it and make a living.  At least I plan to try.”
	“I’m sure you can do it.  But if you need income until everything falls in place, you can always teach.”  
	“Yes, and I rather like that, too.  Not petroleum geology, though.  I found that to be disconcerting, having to acknowledge the textbook theories of hydrocarbon origins when I knew better.”
	A ring of the telephone interrupted them.  Teléah answered it and listened for several minutes, nodding and saying, “Yes, I see.  Excellent.  We will.  Thank you, Chaim.”  She hung up and said, “Everything is all set in Washington anyway.  We leave tomorrow.  Chaim will personally conduct us to Israel where we’ll meet with representatives from the government.  Those here who’ve been told of the plan are excited about it.”  She clasped Mackenzie’s arm.  “You’ve done it!  I knew it would work.”
	“At least the first stage seems to have been successful.”  He gave her a kiss.  “You’ve been a wonderful mainstay for me through all this.  Believing in me, encouraging me.  There were times these past two weeks when I felt like running away.  Only the thought of you kept me going.”
	“Darling!  Everything hinges now on your presentation to the officials in Israel.  Do you have any qualms?”
	“Not now; it’s going along as I hoped.”  He looked at his watch.  “Did Chaim say when he’d be here?  We need to prepare our lists of what we’ll need for the trip.”
	“In one hour.  I can hardly wait to get out of these clothes.”
	“Now, if you want.”  He caught her hand as she playfully raised it toward his face.
	Back at the desk in his room, Mackenzie pondered over his list of items needed for the trip to Israel.  It was a difficult task not knowing for sure how long he’d be there and where he’d be staying--at a hotel? safe house?–but, he thought, throwing down his pen, surely he could buy any personal items he might have forgotten.  Was Chaim making too much of this cloak and dagger stuff?  Then he thought of Davros and Jeremy and decided not.
	He was preparing to take his list to Teléah’s room when a knock sounded.  “Who’s there?”
	“Chaim.”
	He admitted the Israeli, looking bandbox smart in a pin striped suit.  Mackenzie saw Chaim glance at the rumpled bed and momentarily tighten his lips.  Had he been to Teléah’s room and seen something different in her look?  Well, what difference did it make, really.  They were all adults, and if he had a problem with it, he surely wasn’t so small as to screw up the deal for spite.
	“I thought I’d check on you personally and see how you’re faring.”  He looked around the room.  “Comfortable?”
	“Yes.  It’s fine.  I’ve wondered if there’s a workout area or swimming pool at the hotel.”
	“You need some exercise?”  There was not a hint of irony in his voice.
	“Might be a good idea,” Mackenzie said coolly.
	“In the bottom level there’s a small pool and gym.  Help yourself.”
	“I’ve put swim trunks on my list for that purpose.  You have everything set for the trip, Teléah says.”
	Chaim flung himself into a chair.  Mackenzie noticed that he wasn’t as chipper as he first appeared.  Lines around his mouth were evident; his eyes had pouches under them.  “I’ve been up virtually all night talking to first the Consul-general, then in conference calls to Washington and finally Jerusalem.  We are a suspicious bunch by nature and long experience.”
	“But they finally believed in my plan?”
	“Let’s say they seem willing to try it.  No one can deny the urgency of the situation.  Everyone’s waiting for the other shoe to drop--from either A-OPEC or the Western alliance.  Will Israel be thrown to the wolves or not?”
	Mackenzie seated himself.  “I hope I’m not being overly optimistic, but I believe it will work, particularly since I know the Arabs have been paying big money for thirteen years to keep the lid on the discovery.”  He gave a soft laugh.  “They must be furious now.  They thought they had it under control and they have to be anticipating that it might slip away.  They just don’t know how it will happen.”
	“You’re sure this Fowler won’t try to pull out all the stops if the Arabs discontinue funds?”
	“I can’t be absolutely sure, of course, but there’s really no percentage in Fowler releasing the information.  It was all a bluff, as he told me, and I believe him.  He’d have to incriminate himself, remember.”
	Chaim sighed.  “Israel must be strong, dogged, really, in presenting the deal to the Arabs.  They cannot flinch from the possibility of having to release the information to the world.  Even knowing it could have serious diplomatic, and in your case, personal results.  That’s my real concern.”
	“Yes, I see what you mean.  A poker face to go along with the hand.  Well, from my perspective, I won’t be in the oil industry any longer, so my part in the conspiracy may pass virtually unnoticed.  If Israel is forced to pull the plug on the Moho, then the U. S. will have to take its lumps, bad as they may be.  Gravely and Fox will go down in flames, Fowler’s lack of integrity will be exposed, and the former administration will suffer at the hands of historians.”  He gave a weak smile.  “Let’s just hope that will never come to pass.”
	“I’m counting on it not to.”  He rose from his chair and stretched.  “God, I’m tired.  I hope I can get some sleep before we take off tomorrow.  Let me take care of your needs for the trip right now.  We’ll move quickly and quietly to retrieve your personal items.  Should have them . . .” he checked his watch, “in about two or three hours, I judge.”
	“Thanks.  I’ll be glad to get out of these clothes.”
	“We’ll pick you up tomorrow at 3:00 in the afternoon.  From Houston we’ll fly to Washington in the Lear and transfer to the diplomatic flight.”
	“When will we arrive in Israel?”
	“I believe the arrival time is 1:30 p.m. or thereabouts Jerusalem time on Monday.”
	“I’ll be ready.  One other thing.  Where will I be staying in Jerusalem?  It might make a difference as to what personal items I bring.”
	“At a place similar to this.  We consider it a safe house, but it’s equipped for traveling guests.  You should be comfortable.  Not quite all the amenities as this place provides, for example, no restaurant or swimming pool, but you’ll be furnished meals in your room.”
	“Will Teléah--“
	”I think she’ll be able to go to her home.”  He gave Mackenzie a look that contained a suggestion of a smile.  “She will have a guard, of course, but her role hasn’t been determined, we don’t think.  Just the fact that you’re traveling together wouldn’t necessarily implicate her, too.”
	“I see.  That makes sense.  But you think I’ll have to hole up for the duration of the talks?”
	“In a manner of speaking, yes.  But that doesn’t mean you’ll not be invited to private homes where we can assure you of a measure of security.”  He took the sheets of paper from  Mackenzie.  “Thank you.  I’ll send a man over with these items as soon as possible.  His name is Yitzhak.”
	After Chaim left, Mackenzie dialed Tricia’s number and waited hopefully several rings before hanging up.  He hoped all was well with her.  If the Hegira tried to force his hand by pulling any funny stuff with her, their plan could go up in smoke.  Why hadn’t he insisted on protection for her from the Israelis?  It was a problem.  Tricia didn’t need to be brought into this at all.  He remembered a neighbor of hers who might know if she’d gone away and looked up their number in the phone book.
	“Marge?  This is Mac Haber.  I was trying to get in touch with Tricia about some business matter and I can’t reach her.  It seems a bit early for her to be off and running.”
	The neighbor laughed.  “She left last week for a tennis camp in Florida.  Not that she and her group will get much of a workout, if you know what I mean.”
	Mackenzie laughed dutifully.  Tricia and her friends were among the idle rich who didn’t even play hard.  “Fine.  I’ll talk to her later then.  Thanks, Marge.”
	She was all right, then.  He still believed an attack on Tricia or Rick would defeat the purposes of the Hegira, who wanted silence more than anything.  
	He looked up Rick’s itinerary in his pocket organizer and dialed the number using his telephone credit card.  They were in Greece now.  The hotel clerk rang Rick’s room and mercifully Rick’s voice came across the wire.
	“Rick!  How’s it going?”
	“Hi, Dad.  What’s up?”
	“Nothing much.  I just wanted to see how you’re getting along.  Having a good time?”
	“Terrific.  Only a couple of weeks left.”
	“Say, Rick.  I, ah . . . if you need to reach me for any reason the next two weeks, leave a message on my recorder at home.  I won’t be at the office.”
	“Business trip?”
	“Not really.  I’ll explain later.  Just remember to leave a message at my place.  I’ll check messages periodically and get back to you.”
	“Sounds mysterious, but O. K.”
	“Everything going all right, you say?”
	“Fine.  Yeah, it’s great.  I won a hundred dollars at Monte Carlo!”
	“Wow!  But you managed to tear yourself away just in time.”
	Rick laughed.  “I didn’t have any choice.   Steve’s folks hustled us off.”
	“Take care, fella.  I’ll see you when you get back.”
	“Thanks, Dad.”
	He was fine.  Mackenzie felt another burden lift from him.


















 18

	After Mackenzie’s belongings arrived, sooner than Chaim had indicated, he went for a swim and light exercise workout.  He started to go to his room, but instead knocked on Teléah’s door.  She had wanted to make some phone calls to her professors and write thank yous to Houston friends who had entertained her during her visit.  
	“You look fresh,” he commented, as she showed him in.  She wore a navy and white knit outfit--sailor style that made her look younger, gayer.
	“I feel much better.”  She leaned toward him and gave him a kiss.  He caught her to him briefly and kissed her back.  “Don’t get too close.  I’ve been in the pool and exercising some.  I’ll get cleaned up and then we’ll go down for lunch.  It’s getting on towards 1:30.  Sound all right?”
	“Wonderful.  Just knock when you’re ready.”
	In thirty minutes they were descending the three floors to the lobby, talking quietly about the upcoming trip.
	“You must be excited to be going home at last.”
	“I’m ecstatic!” she exclaimed.  “I was home, you remember, for the holidays, but it’s been almost six months now.  I get a lump in my throat when I think of how much I’ve missed in my children’s lives.  Was it worth it, I sometimes ask myself?”
	“Sacrifices always seem to be part of the deal.”
	“But is it right ever to sacrifice a relationship?”
	“You felt it was an important next step, apparently.”
	“With Aaron gone, I had to provide the main income, if not all.  I’m not tenured and could never be without a doctorate.”
	“Well, then.  That’s a reasonable justification, isn’t it?”
	She stepped off the elevator ahead of him, but then waited and took his arm.  “Reason doesn’t remove the qualms.  Not when I think about us either.  All my brave talk last night!”
	He pressed her arm against his side but didn’t say any more.  He’d cautioned himself not to plan too far.  Everything was in a jumble, his whole life turned upside down.  He took a deep breath.  Take each day as it comes.
	They both ordered chef salads.  Mackenzie was pleased when the waiter brought out a serving board with a loaf of freshly baked bread.  He looked around the small room, rather dark with shuttered windows and subdued lighting.  Others were eating, however, even at this hour.  They’d passed so few people in the hallways and lobby, he’d begun to wonder if they were the only guests.  Maybe others like them were practically confined to their rooms.
	They’d just ordered coffee and Mackenzie was considering desert when Josef hurried up to their table and bent his lips to Mackenzie’s ear.  “We’ve had an incident.  Please come with me, both of you.”
	Mackenzie stood up.  “Ready?” he said to Teléah, quirking an eyebrow at Josef.
	She stood up without a word, giving them hardly more than a questioning glance.  Mackenzie placed his hand in the small of her back and gently guided her through the tables, following Josef’s progress to the back of the restaurant.  He glanced around but saw nothing out of the ordinary.  They went through swinging doors and almost into the kitchen, but Josef turned into a corridor and walked swiftly ahead until he reached a room marked “Janitorial.”  He let them in ahead of him.
	“What goes?” asked Mackenzie.
	“Yes,” Teléah said.  “What’s happened?  Is there some trouble?”  Her eyes again had that fearful look that Mackenzie dreaded to see.
	“I think you should talk to Chaim about it.  I’ve notified him, but I had to agree to hide you out until we’re sure the danger has passed.  Don’t, whatever you do, let anyone in this room.  It locks, as you can see.”  He tried the lock, a simple switch on the knob.  “It won’t hold back anyone determined, but we think we’ll have this under control in no time.”
	“Can’t you tell us more?” Mackenzie said, exasperated.  He’d be damned if he’d hide in a closet.  “I think I’m going to have to check this out for myself.  Teléah can stay here.  But for God’s sake tell me what’s going on.”
	“Well,” Josef hesitated and then looked toward the closed door.  “Someone broke through our security this morning.  We didn’t catch on until he’d gotten loose in the hotel.  He entered as a delivery man, but he never checked out.  When we called the food service that was supposed to have sent him, they had already called the police.  A van had been stolen.”
	“Oh, no!” Teléah cried.  “So he’s here, looking for us?”
	“How do you know he’s after us?” Mackenzie asked.
	Josef tilted his head speculatively.  “You’re our most sensitive guests at the moment.  The fake delivery man could have been Arabic.  He spoke to my assistant first.  Everyone must check in at the desk.  Then we open the service entrance back here if they are legitimate.  His credentials seemed in order but he never went to the kitchen after he was admitted at the back.”
	“So he could be anywhere.”  Mackenzie thought for a moment.  “I doubt that he’s after us personally, but of course I may be mistaken.  I suspect he’s after what’s in your safe.  Are you sure it’s O.K.?”
	“I’m positive of that!”
	“What’s being done to find him?”
	“A search, floor by floor.  Your rooms were checked first.  But he may be lying in wait for you to return.  I’m terribly sorry about this.  I don’t think this has happened before.  They must be very determined.”
	“They are.  Still, if he’s just one man, I want to help.”
	Josef shrugged.  “I can’t stop you.  You’ll have to face Chaim yourself.”  Josef opened the door and stepped out cautiously.
	“You wait here, sweet,” Mackenzie to Teléah in a low voice.  “I’ll be back as soon as I know something.”
	“Oh, be careful, darling,” she whispered.  They kissed briefly.
	“What was he wearing?” Mackenzie asked Josef as they retraced their steps through the restaurant.
	“A blue uniform with a cap.  He may have stripped it off.  Look for anyone who appears to be in the wrong place.  The restaurant is clean.  I checked when I came in to get you.”
	He again examined the faces of those sitting at tables and nodded.  “Let’s go to your floor again.  There’s some utility areas that might provide a waiting space.”
	“Good.  If he’s waiting for me, I’ll play decoy.  I’d like him found as soon as possible.”
	“Chaim is on his way with two security men.  I’d better wait by the safe and guard it.  I’ll send Robert up with you.”  He snapped his fingers at the young man behind the counter.  “Go with . . . ah, Mr. Smith to his floor, please, Robert.”  Then he whispered to Mackenzie.  “He’ll be armed.  He’s been a soldier.”
	For a moment Mackenzie was startled and his expression showed it.  
	“Yes, Mr. Smith,” said Joseph quietly.  “Nothing must be taken for granted.”
	“You’re right, of course.  Let’s take the stairs,” Mackenzie suggested to the determined looking young man accompanying him.  “He may be watching the elevators.  Maybe we can come up on him without his knowing it.”
	Stepping out onto the third floor hallway, Mackenzie saw no sign of life.  “Where are the utility rooms?” he asked Robert.
	Robert pointed to a corner halfway down the corridor.
	They crept slowly forward, both glancing behind them occasionally.  He might have been on the stairway halfway up to the next flight of stairs.  As they turned into the hallway where the elevators were located, they saw a door partially open.  Mackenzie pointed to it and Robert nodded.
	They crept up behind the door, but their movements had not gone undetected.  The door closed suddenly.   “Come on out,” Mackenzie called.  Muffled shots blasted three holes through the door.  “You haven’t got a chance,” Mackenzie said.  “We could shoot up that closet like a sieve.  Give it up.”
	The door opened slowly and a gun was tossed out.  “I’m unarmed, unarmed.  Don’t shoot,” the man said.  He glanced hatefully at Mackenzie.  Then, like lightening, he sprung at Mackenzie and got his hands around his throat.  Robert circled the struggling men, positioning himself to gain a clear shot at the intruder.
	Thudding footsteps preceded the arrival of two men with guns drawn.  They were wearing uniforms of the Israeli Consulate.  They clubbed the man around his head and shoulders until he loosened his death hold on Mackenzie.
	It was over.  Robert looked solicitously at Mackenzie who was rubbing his neck.  “Are you all right?  I should have done what they did.  I kept thinking to shoot him, but I was afraid--“
	”Never mind.  Thanks,” he said to the security men.
	Chaim arrived, puffing a little.  “Who have we got here?”  Then he saw Mackenzie.  “Good heavens!  Didn’t they warn you?”
	Mackenzie shrugged.  “I thought if I was along, we’d smoke him out quicker.”
	“Foolish man.  Brave but foolish.”
	“It worked, though.  He was waiting down this corridor for me to get off the elevator, I suppose.  We sneaked up on him from the stairway.”
	“Come along,” Chaim said to the man, pinioned between the two guards.  “We need to get to the bottom of this.  Let’s go to the office and decide what we must do about it.”
	On the way downstairs in the elevator, Mackenzie asked Chaim.  “Aren’t you going to call the police?”
	Chaim made a face.  “Publicity.  We may have to deal with this another, quieter way.”
	“No, no!” the man cried.  “Please, I beg of you, don’t kill me.  I’ll tell you what you want to know.  They hired me.”
	The elevator stopped at the main floor.  Mackenzie turned to Robert.  “Will you tell Teléah all’s well?  Maybe she’d better go to her room.”	
	“Yes,” agreed Chaim.  “We’ll take this fellow out of sight and see what we can find out.”   He paused for a moment and then said in an abashed tone, “I deeply apologize for this incident ever occurring, Mac.  I believed we were more prepared for something like this, but I see we’ve grown complacent in our stay in the United States.  You won’t find this kind of snafu in Israel, I can assure you.”
	“If I hadn’t lived through a similar episode only two days ago, I wouldn’t have believed it possible myself.”
	Teléah rounded the corner from the back and, spotting Chaim and Mackenzie, came up to them.  “Chaim!  What was all that about?  Is someone really trying to get to Mackenzie and the tape?”
	“Tried,” Chaim said.  “We’re embarrassed to say someone with a gun gained entrance and lay in wait near Mac’s door.”
	“Who is it?”
	“We’ll possibly know more after we question the intruder.”  He turned to Mackenzie.  “I still must caution you against any more heroics.  I’ll send Robert up with you to your rooms.  Then we’ll conduct a thorough search in case he admitted a confederate.  Remember always to call for help if you suspect unusual goings-on--that goes for tonight and tomorrow as well as when you are in Israel.”
	“I’m not trying to be a hero.  I’d just rather get them before they get me.  Knowing someone was hiding in this place, I would have been a prisoner of fear.  I can’t live like that.”
	Chaim nodded.  “Still. . . .”   He gave a small salute to Mackenzie and a smile to Teléah and went off toward the office.
	“So we’re quite secure now?” Teléah asked.
	“Only one person, we hope, came into the hotel.  They found a van outside.  Our man was discovered in a closet on our floor.  He’d planned on me coming up on the elevator and was caught looking the wrong direction.”
	“How frightening!”
	“Let’s hope that was our excitement for the day.”
	Robert came from the office area looking pleased.  “We can go to your floor now.”
	“Do you think he was operating alone?”
	“He says he was.  He’s very frightened, a novice at such things.  He claims to be an ordinary emigré who was manipulated by the Arabic community into committing murder for the Jihad.”  
	They stepped onto the elevator.  “What will happen to him?” Mackenzie asked.
	Robert took a deep breath.  “It won’t be hard to find some immigration violation and turn him in so he can be sent back.  The gun, for instance.”
	How different the world seemed, Mackenzie thought, from the days when all he was concerned about was business, bottom lines, and managing a stable, secure group of people.
	He and Teléah settled down companionably in his room after Robert left them.  The young man had drawn his pistol and examined every closet and hidden space in both rooms, pronouncing them clean.
	“I feel discouraged by all this,” Teléah commented.  “You must feel a bit dashed yourself.”
	He nodded.  “Just when I started to relax.  Say, do you think Chaim will pay us any more visits today?”
	“I doubt it.  He probably has his hands full making arrangements for that man and for our trip.”
	“Let’s send for some drinks.”  Mackenzie called room service and asked for his favorite Scotch and a gin and tonic for Teléah.  “Now maybe we really can relax.”  He moved to her side on the couch and bent his head to her lips.  She responded so hotly he had to draw back, laughing.  “Don’t you think we’d better wait until after the waiter makes his appearance.”
	“I suppose you’re right.  I’m so hungry for you, your touch, I don’t want to leave you alone for a minute.”
	“Teléah, honey, how can you talk of us separating when you feel that way?”  He looked into her eyes, darkly violet in the light from a nearby lamp and, for a brief moment, troubled in their expression.




















 19

	Mackenzie had been to Jerusalem for a meeting with his Mid Eastern managers four years earlier.  He looked with interest out the window of the car as the limo wheeled through the outskirts of the city and saw with relief that it was much the same as it had been his first trip.  He thought he’d be greeted by something different.  Maybe chaos, maybe deserted streets.  But not this ordinary scene.  The military was, as usual, in evidence, soldiers in small groups, armed to the teeth.  Plenty of civilians around, too.  They seemed to be absorbed in everyday affairs, judging by the surging traffic and the crowds in shops and on the sidewalks.
	Mackenzie was to stay outside of town in a well guarded compound.  He hoped Chaim was right, that he wouldn't have to be totally confined for the length of his stay.  Once he'd passed on the records and, God willing, the crisis faded, he'd be safe.  
	Teléah was excited, pointing out places of interest.  “That road leads to the Wall and the old town.  And over there,” she gestured, tugging on Mackenzie's sleeve, “up on that hill, is my children's school.  We live near Hebrew University.”
	His first trip had been confined to business affairs conducted at a hotel.  There weren’t many sightseeing opportunities.  Certainly no guide like Teléah.  Now, as they drove through the sprawling city, he looked with interest at the whitish stone houses everywhere.  They were clean and bright and all were festooned with lush flowers and decorative trees.  A sense of lightness pervaded the place, very much a Mediterranean atmosphere.  When he'd been here before, he'd stayed at a hotel near the Wall.  The crowded, ancient streets inside the Wall had seemed to invest the area with mystery.  The culture of America--Houston in particular--must seem brash, raw, to people like Teléah, who lived among two-thousand-year-old edifices--reminders of the land’s ancient and dramatic history.   
	Seeing the hills and more hills on all sides, he smiled at a sudden memory:  He was a youngster in summer Bible School; the teachers had illustrated the lessons with flannelgraphs of the Holy Land and characters from the Bible.  He’d been fascinated by the palm trees and rounded hills.  He was a flatlander, living first in Kansas and then Houston.  The only peaks he knew were the crests of waves.  In this city of hills, he felt its charm--and its danger, as if he might be caught unaware by what was beyond the next rise of land.
	They dropped off Teléah first, and Mackenzie saw a house that appeared much like homes in the American Southwest or even Florida.  It had a neat, small courtyard behind its front wall, filled with flowers and olive trees.  As Teléah alighted from the limo, she gave Mackenzie a look that lingered on his features a moment as if she were intent on memorizing them.  Then, assuring Chaim of her willingness to be of service in the upcoming meetings, she walked quickly to the front door.  Two teenaged children ran from the house to greet her.  An attractive, silver-haired woman stood in the doorway smiling--her mother, no doubt.
	They'd not had a chance on either of the plane trips to do more than speak of trivial or world shaking matters--nothing personal.  For one thing, to Mackenzie's chagrin, they hadn't sat together.  On both flights, Chaim had insisted Teléah be in a window seat while he commandeered the one next to her.
	But, Mackenzie thought with satisfaction, Chaim had not had Mackenzie's time alone with her at the hotel in Houston.  He couldn't take that from them.  Saturday afternoon, following the scare, they'd been relaxed and drowsy from lovemaking when the telephone sounded its jarring note.  It was near six o'clock.  Chaim was on the other end and was suggesting dinner for the three of them.  “Something in the nature of a send off, something also as an apology for this afternoon's trouble.”
	“What about us leaving the hotel?” Mackenzie inquired not very enthusiastically.  He wasn't in the mood for hide and seek, and he wasn't very interested in dining or anything else as a trio. “Isn't that a bad idea?”
	“We'll go to a private club in the limo.  Nothing to worry about.”
	They dressed and were ready by 7:30, Chaim ringing both rooms to announce his arrival.  Mackenzie met Teléah in the hall as she emerged from her room.  She wore a short white dress with appliquéd lace flowers edging the neck and sleeves.  It set off her rich coloring and emphasized the slim line from hip to ankle.  He complimented her and she gave him a mock once-over.  
	“You look nice, too, but you always have been dressed in a suit ever since I've known you.  Do you realize this afternoon was the first time I'd seen you in casual clothes?”
	“And what about last night--or early this morning, I should say?”
	She laughed outright.  “I stand corrected.”
	They held hands in the hallway and the elevator, but discreetly drew apart when they reached the first floor.  Chaim was standing opposite the elevator door when it opened.
	“Teléah!  How charming you look.”  He whipped out from behind his back a small florist's box and presented it to her.  “And your dress--perfect. I'm glad I decided on red and white,” he said.
	“Roses and camellias.”  She kissed Chaim on the cheek.  “How very thoughtful.”  She turned to Mackenzie and showed him the corsage, wrinkling her nose comically as if to say, “This is Chaim's way.  It means nothing.”
	Mackenzie was sorry he hadn't thought of it himself, although she would have been hard put to wear two corsages.  He hadn't considered a gift for her, even if he'd had the opportunity to buy one.  It was better, perhaps, that they had no mementoes to mark this encounter.
	Mackenzie was familiar with the dinner club where Chaim took them.  It had cloistered seating, a dim light, and attentive waiters.   He’d been somebody’s guest there another time.  The menu was limited, however, so Mackenzie ordered his usual standby--prime rib.  Wine flowed liberally and Chaim grew considerably more jovial than Mackenzie had ever seen him.  He must be feeling some encouragement, relief maybe.
	“You've had a good idea, Mac,” he said quietly, leaning toward Mackenzie. “I'll give you that.”
	“I'll just be glad when it's over.  Really over.”
	“I will be glad as well,” said Teléah.  She gave Mackenzie a secret smile of love that caused him to look away.  Too much!  He was fairly good at dissembling, but his thoughts were running constantly to their time alone at the hotel.
	Chaim hadn't noticed the silent by-play, or appeared not to.  “We think the Houston terrorists are at bay now.  The new man at your remote drilling site has undoubtedly left for parts unknown.  His description has been posted everywhere, but it will probably come to nothing.  The only concrete evidence is the scrawled word 'Hegira' and unless a connection can be made–“  He shrugged.  “Then the incident at your office,” he held up two fingers, “and number three today at the hotel.  And he a witless newcomer.  I feel their organization must be getting down to bare bones, rather desperate.  Unless they are bringing in new people from elsewhere.  But that’s unlikely.  There's probably just the chief honcho left, and he'll not risk an encounter.”
	“What about when we arrive in Israel?”
	“I know it seems dangerous to an outsider, but so does Washington, D.C. to some.  We'll take care of you there.”
	“And then there are the G-men who came to my apartment.  I suppose they'll consider the warning to have been effective if they find out I've left my job and don't make anymore waves.”
	Chaim nodded, munching on his salade nicoise. “Most unpleasant to contemplate if they would have taken action against you.  More than ever I'm happy to go along with your plan.”
	The evening turned out to be more agreeable than Mackenzie had expected.  He appreciated the wit of Chaim and reveled in Teléah’s beauty.  He even allowed himself to bask in a contentment and sense of harmony that had become rare through the years.  It wasn't just that he'd shed some of his responsibilities; he believed he was heading in the right direction.  The best thing he could have done was to leave Gravely and Fox without a backward glance.  He hadn't allowed himself to indulge in further thoughts about his decision; perhaps like Lot's wife he'd not get away intact if he acknowledged regret.  
	Later, back at the hotel, Teléah came to his room in a nightgown and robe.  She was pliant and he was tender.  But eventually, they made love with an urgency that betrayed what was at the forefront of both their minds.  This might have to last, and they pressed their bodies together as if capturing a rose between the pages of a book.
*
	A meeting with the Israeli leaders was set for Wednesday at a government building.  Mackenzie was told very little, other than the group would be small--the Prime Minister; the President of the Knesset; the chief of security, the Mossad; and the Minister of Defense.  Those arrived from America would include besides Mackenzie, Teléah, and Chaim, the Israeli Ambassador to the United States.
	Mackenzie had prepared his presentation well on the long trip from Washington.  He knew it had flaws--the idea might not work if the Arab OPEC nations considered the Moho to be a bluff and called Israel's hand.  It wouldn't guarantee against random terrorist attacks or even non-oil producing Arab nations from trying to cause trouble.  On the other hand, oil spoke in a demanding tone, and those rich in it would have a greater say.    
	Mackenzie was picked up by the limo, which then stopped for Teléah.  He caught her hand when she settled beside him.
	“Everything all right at home?” he asked.
	“It's wonderful to see the children again.  They've grown so much I could hardly believe it.  Are you comfortably quartered?” she asked.
	“Yes, not bad.  It's not like being a free agent, of course.”
	“No.  As I am not.”  She gave him an unblinking look that seemed to beseech his understanding and then turned her attention to their progress into the city.  
	“Will we pick up Chaim and the Ambassador?”
	“They'll meet us there,” she said.
	In fact, Chaim was waiting near the entrance when the limo wheeled into the drive.  He pulled open the door with a smile.
	“Ready?” he asked, first to Mackenzie, then Teléah.
	They followed him through a labyrinth of corridors to a large meeting room set up with a long oval table and padded chairs.  Two men were already in their places.  They were drinking coffee and one was smoking.  They looked up and rose to their feet for introductions.
	While Mackenzie and Teléah were being presented to the President and the Minister of Defense, two other men entered who proved to be the Prime Minister and the Ambassador.
	“Now we only have to wait,” the Prime Minister said, “for our security man.  He likes to be the last to enter a room.”  Everyone laughed at the obvious in-joke.
	Coffee was served all around.  As soon as the head of Mossad came in and closed the door behind him, the Prime Minister completed the introductions and remained standing at the head of the table.
	“I will preside over the proceedings for this unusual meeting.  Because of the critical nature of the material to be presented, each of us from the government has changed our schedules to accommodate our guest’s.  We have no agenda; only Mr. Haber has that.  
	“We understand this information could prove vital to the security of Israel.”  He nodded at the Ambassador, who rose.
	“I have only recently made the acquaintance of Mr. Haber, so the Vice-consul of the Houston Consulate, Chaim Ben Hoshen, will enlarge upon the introduction.”
	Chaim stood up and began speaking about how Mackenzie Haber had appeared in his office through the intervention of Mrs. Davin, a mutual friend.  She as a fellow scientist, had become privy to explosive knowledge.  Chaim then deferred to Mackenzie. As he was the one involved and had a great deal at stake, such as his life, he needed to be the one to talk about it.
	Mackenzie rose to his feet, but the Prime Minister held up a restraining hand.
	“Since you have much to say, and we want you to be as comfortable as possible, please remain seated if that suits you.”
	Mackenzie murmured his thanks and began his presentation by looking from one Israeli official to another.  He saw expressions of either alert interest or studied impassivity.  As he told the tale for the third time, he looked not once at his notes.  The project, the scientific theory, the discovery, and the cover-up.  This was the tough part.  He had to fight to keep his voice from faltering, and once, after he told of the clandestine meeting in Washington, he paused for several moments, frowning as he fought to gain control.  This had to be done, he reminded himself.
	“Please, go on, Mr. Haber,” the Prime Minister urged.
	“When OPEC embargoed us for the first time in '73, I fell through the safety net of rationalization.  I approached my boss with the idea of releasing the information, but he refused categorically.  I was on my way up in the company by then.  I knew I couldn't harp on the subject, so again I stifled my sense of what was right and went along.
	“Then again in 1978, during what became the second oil crisis, I had a similar attack of conscience but was once more told to shut up.  Again, I did what I was told.  Something must have been building inside me, though, for when I heard last month about the threat of embargo, with Israel as the prize, I balked.  From that time, I became a marked man.”
	Several of the men nodded encouragingly.
	He explained how he was alone in his conviction that the remainder of the conspirators should come forward, about his need for proof, at first thwarted by his trip to the NSF, the threats from Hegira and the circumstances of first Leo’s and then Joe Scudder’s deaths.  At the mention of Hegira the Prime Minister and Chief of Security looked at one another.
	“I almost gave up after the letter bomb incident.”  He talked about his fears and confusion, his rambling drive that led him to the observatory outstation.  As he explained how the answer came through the words of the astronomy professor, he glanced at Teléah, who gave him a smile.  
	He went on to describe his adventures in obtaining the wireline tape, which he removed from his briefcase.
	The room was utterly silent.  	
	“Before I allow you to examine it, though, I must clearly state my position.  The conditions may have been explained to you, but I'll go over them to make sure we're on the same wave length.”  
	He told the sober-faced men surrounding him that no word was to leak to other government officials, to the press, to friends or to members of their families--to no one except the few Arab leaders they would select for the meeting.
	Israel was to be the repository for explicit information on the location and composition of the Moho.  As far as Arab OPEC was concerned, Israel would not release the information with the proviso to leave Israel alone to rule itself and to quit using oil as a bargaining tool for their own purposes.  
	He again examined their expressions face by face.  “Any objections?”
	“Excuse me for asking this,” commented the President of the Knesset, “but why shouldn’t Israel simply mine the region itself?  If we know there’s oil there, we could have an unlimited supply for us and for others in the Western Alliance.”
	Mackenzie started to answer, but the head of the Mossad broke in impatiently.  “Why would we want to do that?  We’d destroy our leverage.  Only if we keep the knowledge to ourselves can we beat them at their own game.”  He said no more, but his look said, “Idiot!”
	Mackenzie nodded his agreement while the President, abashed, muttered, “I see, I see.”
	The Prime Minister looked around the table at the others.  “I think I can speak for everyone and say that we all understand.”  Then he said in a gentler tone, “We have as much at stake as you, Mr. Haber.  Now, let's take a look at the proof of your claim, if we may.”  
	Mackenzie began to spread out the wireline tape.  He explained how it recorded the drilling and how to read the graph.  “There are two other copies that I know of, the original in a very top secret file in Washington, and another copy in a safe in Houston.  Neither will see the light of day, I promise you that.” 
	Everyone huddled around to examine the record, plying Mackenzie with questions. 
	 Finally, they took their seats again and Mackenzie folded up the tape and secured it in the briefcase.
	The Prime Minister had to tap his glass with spoon to call them to order, the Israelis excitedly speaking about the problems and possibilities.  “Any further questions for Mr. Haber?”
	Several hands went up, and Mackenzie dealt one by one with much the same concerns he had asked himself countless times.   
	“Do you feel comfortable,” the Prime Minister asked Mackenzie, “with us approaching the Arabs?  They might refuse our offer.”
  	“It's a gamble,” he agreed, “but I can't come up with a better plan.  If you can, I'll be glad to hear it.”  He waited, but there was no response.
	“I think, gentlemen,” said the Prime Minister, “if you have no further questions for Mr. Haber, we'll excuse him and Mrs. Davin from the room while we confer.”
	Mackenzie and Teléah were shown to the door by Chaim, who directed them to a lounge area.  Mackenzie had left behind his case with the wireline tape in Chaim's possession.  
	“How do you feel, Mackenzie?”  Teléah was walking in step with him down the corridor.
	“Fine.  Couldn't be better, my life hanging in the balance, my fate hinging on the judgment and mercy of six men who don't know me from Adam.”  He gave her a wry grin, but his tone was serious.  He still felt jittery, keyed up from the presentation.
	“Ah,” she said softly, touching his arm, “you are sinking a bit in your confidence.  That's only natural after what you've been through.  Don't worry, darling, you were very convincing.”
	“That's what I hoped for.  I'm glad you think so.  If it works, we’ll all be home free.  And I won’t be in the horrible position of betraying my country as I would if it leaks out.”
	“It seems to me the earlier conspiracy was the betrayal.”
	“Yes.  That's true.”  He paused at a snack machine inside the lounge.  “Want something?”
	She made a negative movement of her hand and watched him select a Coke.  He steered her over to a table beside a window that overlooked a courtyard.  A few other tables were occupied with people taking morning coffee breaks.  Soft music played over an intercom, which muffled the low tones of their conversation.
	“If all goes well,” Teléah said, “what will your plans be?  I know you intend to start your own business, but how soon?  Have you thoughts as to where it's to be located?”
	He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  “Until a few days ago, I didn’t even know I was planning to make a change.  My new plans will take much more thought before I can say for sure.”  He looked around as if he could see the cities of the world.  “I may want to settle somewhere far away from Houston.  If I'm going to do deep earth exploration, I'll need to be where that sort of thing is in demand.”
	She smiled and put her hand over his.  “You know I wish you every good fortune.  No one deserves it more than you.  I plan to put you in touch with the Rift Consortium, remember, as a start.”
	He looked down, moved by her touch and her words.  He couldn't be around her too closely for very long.  It would never do unless he planned to follow in Fowler's footsteps and be a homewrecker.
	When Chaim reappeared within thirty minutes, Mackenzie was surprised. 
	Chaim nodded, his face a mask.  He wasn't giving anything away prematurely.  “Yes, it was quick.  Let's go back.”  He held Teléah's chair for her and took her arm as they walked back to the conference room.
	Mackenzie scanned the faces around the table as he took his place.  All but the Minister of Defense were looking at him.  He had decided that if a majority could meet his eyes, it was a go.
	The Prime Minister smiled, giving a small shrug.  “I can say we have all agreed after weighing the risks and the possible benefits to go along with your plan.  As you Americans say, no contest.”  There were a few chuckles around the table and a repositioning of pens and notebooks as tension was released by his words.  “We must proceed on this.  The chance for peace outweighs any other considerations.  You've answered our questions in your presentation.  So all that remains is the wireline tape to be turned over to us.”
	Mackenzie opened his briefcase and removed the record.  “Take it with my blessing.  I want only for this to be over so I can get on with my own life.”
	“Exactly,” agreed the President of the Knesset.  Others nodded sympathetically.
	Mackenzie stood, ready to depart from the room,  Teléah had also risen.  But the Prime Minister held up his hand.  “One moment.  I know you've asked for nothing for yourself.  But we've agreed you deserve a reward, something that will help make up for your sacrifices, shall we say.  Some monetary token of appreciation to help you begin your new life.  We would like to present you with a small settlement--even a paltry one, considering what the cost has been to you personally and the costs you will ultimately save us from.”  He handed him a sheet of paper naming an amount in seven figures to be put in a bank account of Mackenzie’s choosing.  It was signed by each representative of the Israeli government.  A princely amount, that was for sure.
	Mackenzie sighed.  The thought of compensation, reward, had never entered his head.  He looked around helplessly, unable to react, his mind spinning.  Someone began the applause, he didn't know who, and soon the men had all risen and were clapping vigorously, smiling at him.  He nodded his own thanks, feeling un-hero like, and turned to shake Chaim's outstretched hand.  In the confusion of handshaking and excited talk that followed, he didn't notice until later that Teléah had left.  But he would see her this evening.  They’d arranged for him to have a quiet dinner with just her and her family.  He looked forward to meeting her children and seeing how they lived.  He had confidence that the crisis would end soon, that the Israeli officials would shortly be in touch with the oil ministers to give them the terms of the proviso.  There really wasn’t anything now to hinder things getting back to a relative normality.  Oh, various terrorist organizations would always nip at the heels of their avowed enemy, rulers and despots and tyrants would take over various OPEC countries and swagger and threaten Israel periodically, but those in the know would enlighten them and give them instructions as to their own well being.  It should work out as he envisioned, Mackenzie thought to himself.  It must work out.




Epilogue
	
	As Mackenzie envisioned, the deal between Israel and the A-OPEC nations was inviolate.  Not since that time in the late spring of 1980 has Israel been attacked in an all-out war by any country in the region, most of whom were breathing down its neck prior to 1980 in a series of incursions and military strikes designed to wipe Israel off the face of the earth.  Oil prices, though occasionally spiking upward due to inflationary influences or other international concerns, inevitably have sunk back in short order to more reasonable rates per barrel.  
	If any oil companies, state sponsored or private, have since breached the mysterious region called the Moho in their off-shore drilling with the new deep well equipment, they’ve not advertized it.  The 2010 British Petroleum spill in the Gulf of Mexico suggests from both the depth of the drilling operation and the tremendous pressure of the blowout that the gas and oil may have emanated from the Moho itself.   And so it goes, a continuing conspiracy perhaps for the ages, or at least until the earth’s hydrocarbon deposit is exhausted or the need for petroleum has been eliminated by another cheaper and less invasive energy source.
	Mackenzie and Teléah eventually did marry, spending most of the year in D.C. while Ireina and Ben attended American prep schools and colleges, the rest of the year in Israel.  Mackenzie’s fortunes gradually rose as he made a name for himself in heading up geological ventures that produced riches for the investors around the world.  He was joined in the firm by his son, who took over the business when Mackenzie retired in 2006.  


http://www.jeanneirelan.com/
