
The Curse


Copyright 2014 Razor Blade
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Chapter 1
Sister Mary

Sister Mary heard the door to the shower open, turned and was shocked to see Sister Anne standing behind her nude. The shower stall was small and the spray bounced off Mary’s back pelting Anne in the face. Anne raised her hand to block the water from hitting her in the eyes and reached up to the shower head to adjust the spray down. 
“Sister Anne, what are you doing here?” Mary asked looking upon the naked woman rubbing her breast to breast. 
Anne said nothing, but reached around Mary’s wide hips and pulled her close. Close enough the two women squeezed together and slid around in the hot spray from the shower. Anne took soap from the tray and rubbed it on Mary’s chest and watched the foam slide down between her firm round breasts. She then looked up at Mary and moved in for a kiss. 
“No! This is wrong!” Mary yelled. Anne had been at the Church of St. Andrew for years and had been there for longer than any other sister in the last thirty years. She ran the church and everyone knew it, not even the priest had as much power as she did. No one told Anne what to do, and Mary felt powerless. 
“You will do as I say, without question,” Anne replied cupping the other Sister’s breast in her hand. Mary had only been at this church for a few months, and at one other church since becoming a sister and never met anyone like Anne before. Anne moved in close and licked Mary’s neck, sliding her tongue up to her ear where she put it inside and rolled. She could feel the goose bumps on Mary’s back where her other hand was placed and it turned her on. 
“This can’t be right,” Mary said spitting water from the shower out her mouth. 
“Oh, it’s more than right,” Anne said whispering back into Mary’s ear and sliding her hand down between Mary’s legs. 
Mary leaned back against the shower wall and gave in, she knew she couldn’t stop Anne from what she was doing so she let go and allowed her to do to her what she wanted. Then it stopped. Anne pulled her finger out of Mary and leaned back looking her in the face. 
“I have something for you, something very special,” Anne said. “I want you to dry off and meet me in the bedroom.” Anne stepped out of the shower and toweled off leaving Mary to finish her shower. Freaked and scared, Mary took her time, thinking about what Anne had planned. 
Mary stepped into the bedroom wrapped in a towel. She immediately saw Anne lying on her back on the bed fingering herself holding what looked like a candle in her hand. 
“On the bed,” Anne commanded, “and drop the towel.”
Mary slowly crawled onto the bed keeping an eye on what Anne had in her hand. “Where did you get that?” she asked. 
“From the altar,” Anne replied. “Lay on your back and bend your knees,” she commanded. 
Mary scooted over so she had plenty of room and laid on her back. Anne spread Mary’s legs apart and got into position to insert the candle. 
“Don’t do this, please,” Mary plead. 
Anne paid no attention to the plea and lined up the tapered end of the candle to Mary’s vagina. She pushed to enter it inside, but she was dry and had a difficult time getting it to enter. She then pulled the candle out, placed the tip in her mouth to get it moist and then tried to enter it in Mary again. This time it slid in easily. Once inside, Anne began to masturbate Mary pushing and pulling the candle in and out in a rhythm. Mary lay on her back with her eyes closed pretending nothing was happening, trying to ignore what her fellow Sister was doing to her. 
“How do you like that?” Anne asked. 
Mary refused to answer. 
“Answer me or I’ll make it hurt.”
“It already does hurt,” Mary replied. 
“I bet it does,” Anne said with a smile. “Give it some time, you will come to enjoy it. I’m sure this isn’t the first time you’ve had something down there. A finger maybe?” Anne asked with a chuckle. 
“No, I’ve never touched myself, ever,” Mary replied. 
“That’s too bad, what a waste,” Anne said as she continued to stroke the candle in and out. 
“I don’t want to talk about this, just get it over.”
“We have all night.”
Mary grit her teeth and kept her eyes closed as the other Sister continued to molest her with an altar candle. As minutes went by all she could do was pray that the act would end. Then she felt Anne’s lips wrap around her nipple and began to suck. Her tongue spun around the tip of her nipple and then expand outward. Then she stopped sucking her tit and raised her head to look at Mary who was in what looked like a trance. 
“Look at me,” Anne said. 
Mary ignored her. 
Angry, Anne shoved the candle in deep and got the reaction she was looking for. Mary opened her eyes in shock from the pain. 
“Don’t ignore me,” Anne said pulling the candle from Mary’s vagina. Anne took the candle and placed it in her mouth sucking off the juice covering it. 
“Must not have hated it that much,” Anne said with a grin. “Tastes like me when I use the candle.”
“Please stop,” Mary asked knowing the answer she’d get. She was too scared to get up and run away, she felt the pressure from the woman who was her superior and knew it would be difficult to prove to anybody that Anne would do anything wrong. She had been there too long and had too much power. Powerless, Mary had to give in and let this other woman do to her what she wanted. She knew the priest would do nothing, he was a scared, timid man who only seemed to go through the motions of his calling. Or was it a calling anymore?
Then a male voice spoke up from the doorway, “Sister Anne, is that a candle from the altar?” he asked.
Mary looked over and to her shock and horror, it was the very man she was thinking of. It was Fr. Daniel, dressed in his black suit and wearing his collar. She spun around and faced away from the Father trying her best to cover her nude body from his view. She knew she would be in trouble now and began to shake in fear. 
“Yes father, it is,” Anne replied. 
“Make sure you put it back when you are finished,” Fr. Daniel replied. 
Mary heard his reply and turned her head back to face the Father. “Put it back? Is that all you have to say?” Mary asked. 
The Father stepped into the bedroom and looked down at Mary who was lying on her side, covering her breasts with her arms and curled up in a fetal position trying to keep from showing her nude body. “Yes, I don’t want to get out a new one if I don’t have to, they cost twenty dollars for a set of twelve.”
“Are you blind?” Mary asked. “Can’t you see what’s going on here? What she’s doing to me?”
“Yes, I’m well aware of what’s going on here,” the Father replied. 
“Are you going to do something?”
Anne got off the bed and walked over to the priest and stood behind him. “What do you want him to do? He likes boys.”  Anne replied with a smile. 
“That’s not completely true,” Fr. Daniel replied. 
“Do you want to have her?” Anne asked. “I’d love to watch.”
“Maybe, I’ll have to pray on it first,” the Father replied. “In the meantime, you can have her.”
“Yes Father,” Anne said. She stepped around the priest and got back on the bed, This time she mounted Mary from the top and forced the other sister to lay on her back. Anne placed her left hand around Mary’s neck and pushed her down on the bed just firm enough to pin her down but not obstruct her breathing. She slid her other hand down between her legs and began to masturbate her. Anne looked over to the priest who was now sitting in the corner on a chair watching. 
“Are you praying Father?” Anne asked. 
“Yes,” the priest replied, his eyes glued to what Anne was doing. 
“Is there anything you would like me to do?”
“Taste her,” the Father replied. 
Willing to please, Anne crawled off of Mary and spun around mounting her in reverse. She laid down upon Mary and placed her mouth firmly on Mary and began to lick.  Mary closed her eyes again.
For what seemed like hours, Anne raped Mary for the pleasure of the priest. Then the priest spoke up, “It's time,” he said and approached the bed in the nude. Neither of the women noticed him strip, but now he was at the side of the bed, with a full erection. 
Anne slid off of Mary and allowed the priest to get on the bed. “On all fours, like a dog,” the priest said to Mary. Mary complied, slowly, but managed to get up and hang her head down in shame. The priest got into position from behind and penetrated Mary. She gave out a scream of pain. Mary wasn’t ready for size of the priest who was now pounding away at her huffing and puffing as he went. 
Mary did her best to keep quiet praying this would end soon, and for her sake it did as the priest let loose his load inside her and pulled out. It didn’t take but a few minutes, and the priest was back in his chair, still nude, wiping off his cock with a towel from the bathroom. 
Mary lay on the bed, in tears, not knowing what to do. Everything she ever knew was wrong. All the bringing up, the life she had hoped for gone in a few minutes as she watched the man who ran her church drop a towel on the floor. 
Anne walked around the bed and looked down at Mary who was now lying in a ball shaking. “Take another shower, you don’t want that stuff sticking to you.”
Mary heard what Anne said but didn’t react to her. 
“Did you hear me?”
“Yes Sister.”
“Get in the shower now, you don’t know what I will do to you next time if you don’t.”
Mary crawled to the side of the bed and sat with her head down at her knees. She didn’t want to stand naked in front of the two authorities who had just raped her. Then she heard a voice she didn’t recognize coming from the Father. 
“I have sat idle for too long,” the voice said. It came from the nude priest sitting in the chair, but it wasn’t his voice. “I have stood by and watched you make a mockery of your God for too long and now I have come to intervene.”
“Who are you?” Anne asked in shock. “What happened to the Father?”
“The priest has gone nowhere,” the voice replied. “Are you too blind to see with your own eyes?”
Anne stood confused. “Then answer my first question, who are you? Where did you come from?  Are you an angel? A demon?”
“I am both, and neither,” the voice replied. “It is no matter to you, I am here to make right what you have made wrong.”
“You said, “Your God,” why do you care about my God?”
“You are a hypocrite, and you will pay for you hypocrisy. I could care less about your God, I do care about those who make a mockery of their word for their own benefit.” 
“What are you going to do?”  Anne asked. 
“I have come to curse you, to make you pay for the sin you have committed,” the voice replied. 
“Sin? Are you a God?”
The voice laughed and replied, “No that is absurd, I would never sink to the level of a God.”
With a lump in her throat, and sweat pouring off her body, Anne asked. “What do you mean? What curse?”
“From this time onward, you will live with three curses. The first will be short life, the second, intolerable illness and the third, great power, power you can’t control.”

Chapter 2
40 Years Later

Thursday evening at Our Lady of the Sacred Heart church and Fr. Graaf had been hearing confession for three hours with one hour to go. Listening through the window to a parishioner, he was stunned after his door swung open to see a man he didn’t recognize standing outside looking down upon him. 
“Excuse me, I’m taking confession, you can sit in the gallery until I’m finished,” Fr. Graaf said politely but firmly. He was a tad pissed. 
The man stepped in close and said, “Get up.”
Fr. Graaf looked up at the man like he had just said the most absurd thing he had ever heard. “I told you I’m busy, I’ll get to you when I’m done,” he snapped back. 
“This is more important than listening to bullshit,” the man said. 
“More important than confession?” the Father asked. “Who are you?” he asked. 
“Aiden Fisk,” the man replied. “Not sure why that matters, now get your ass up before I drag you out.”
“Calm down my son.”
“Calm down? Are you shitting me? And what’s up with this “Son” Shit, I said get your ass out now. You have to the count of three.”
Fr. Graff gave Aiden the look of a parent who was scolding a child. “No, I won’t, and you have to leave before I call the police.”
“Fuck you,” Aiden said and pulled a pistol from behind his back. He aimed the gun at the Father and said, “One.”
The Father was shocked, but kept his cool. “This won’t get you anywhere.”
“Two,” Aiden said firmly, gritting his teeth and pushing the gun in closer. 
“”What purpose will shooting me solve?”
Aiden turned the gun towards the confession window, towards the parishioner that had been listening quietly on the other side of the partition. “Three,” Aiden said and pulled the trigger shooting the person sitting on the other side through the thin wall. 
“What are you doing?” Fr. Graaf yelled. 
Aiden pointed the gun back at Fr. Graaf and said, “Now you getting up?”
Fr. Graaf held up his hand as if to block any bullet that might come his way. “Yes, I’m coming,” he said and stood up. “What about her?” he asked looking at the bullet hole. 
Aiden aimed the gun back at the wall and shot two more times, then he heard a thump as if a body had just hit the floor.
“For God’s sake, stop this!” Fr. Graaf pleaded. 
“For God’s sake?” Aiden asked with a grin. “You take this shit seriously don’t you?”
“Let me call an ambulance,” the Father said raising his hands to show he felt helpless. 
“Maybe, if I get what I want first.”
“What you want? You come to the house of the Lord and make demands. What a selfish act.”
“Where are the keys to the front doors?” Aiden asked. 
“The keys are in my office,” the Father replied. 
“Fuck, how many more people do you expect tonight?”
“Not many, maybe none. Usually confession is done by seven.”
“I don’t plan to be here long,” Aiden replied. “Where’s your office?”
“In the back, behind the altar, there is a door to the right side. My keys are on my desk. Why? What do you plan to do?”
“I want to lock the door dumb ass,” Aiden said with as much disrespect as he could muster. 
“If you lock the door, people will think something’s wrong,” the Father said. “Then they will call. Locking the door at this point is useless.”
Aiden stood and thought for a second. “Yeah, you’re probably right, chances are slim anyone else comes in anyway.”
“What is it you came for?” the Father asked. 
“I’m looking for something the church has in storage, something my grandmother said you have locked up in some secret vault.”
“We have no secret vault.”
“I figured you’d say that.”
“What is it you seek?”
“Two things, one is a note and the other is a candle.”
“A candle? We have many candles, take as many as you need.”
“I don’t want just any candle, it’s one my grandmother told me about. And the note goes with it.”
“What note is this?”
“It has three curses written on it, she said it was a half sheet of paper from a diary, white paper with lines.”
“Your grandmother told you this? Who is she?”
“He name is Sister Mary, she was a Sister here back in the fifties. She told me she was visited by a demon, or an angel and that it had given her three curses that she wrote down on a note. The note was taken by the church and locked up. I want it, along with the candle she told me about.”
“What’s the significance of the candle?” the Father asked. 
“One of your old Sisters raped her with it, somehow it brought forth the demon which gave the curses.”
“Your grandmother told you this? I’ve never heard of such a thing.”
“I bet not, not the sort of thing they like to get out to the press,” Aiden replied. “I’m not here for some big discussion, I’m here to get the note and the candle, and you tell me where they are.”
Fr. Graaf stood in disbelief. He didn’t know how to answer the charges. “We don’t have a secret vault, I don’t know where these things are or if they ever existed.”
“How long have you been here?” Aiden asked. 
“Fourteen years,” the Father replied. 
“And in fourteen years, you never were told about the note or the candle? You never came across them anywhere in the church?”
“No,” the Father replied. 
“I actually believe you,” Aiden said. “But that doesn’t mean they aren’t here. Where do you store the most valuable church property? Do you have a safe or a anything like that?’
“We have a safety deposit box at the bank, but I know there is no candle or note in there.”
“Is there a basement?” Aiden asked pointing the gun to the floor. 
“Yes, but that is where we have meals and bible study, there is no vault down there.”
Then Aiden noticed the inner doors to the church slowly open and an elderly woman step inside using a walker. She was alone. “Fuck,” he said under his breath. “Get rid of her.” he said to the Father. 
Knowing Aiden might shoot this old woman, Fr. Graaf nodded his head and walked over to the woman with the walker. “Bonnie,” the Father said. “We are having problems with the power tonight and have to cancel confession. We will have the problem fixed by next week.”
The old woman looked over at Aiden who hid the gun behind his back and now was smiling looking around at the decorations in the church. “I came a long way, the power looks to be working to me,” she said. 
“I know, but I don’t want it to go off in the middle of confession, I can come to your house tomorrow if you like.”
Bonnie, upset but calm, nodded her head and turned around. “I’ll come next week,” she said and pushed her way back through the double doors. 
Once Bonnie left, the Father walked back over to Aiden. “I assure you, there is no note or candle to be found, now can I call the ambulance?”
Aiden stepped back and opened the door to the confessional, he looked inside at the now dead woman and pushed the door shut. “No need,” he said. “Now let’s look in your office.”
“No, I refuse!” Fr. Graaf said crossing his arms. 
“I can do this with you or without, without might be easier,” Aiden said. “You ready to die to make a point? Or are you hiding something?” There was a long pause as the Father stood his ground not making a sound. “You are hiding something,” Aiden said with a smile. “I know it you dirty little fuck.”
“I have sworn to protect this church, nothing you do will change that,” the Father said. 
“Protect the church? All I want is the note and the candle, what is there to be afraid of?” Aiden asked. 
“I am prepared to die, I took an oath.”
“And I’m prepared to make that happen,” Aiden said. “If I head back to your office, what are you going to do?”
“Whatever it takes to stop you,” the Father replied. 
“Sounds like we’re at an impasse,” Aiden said pulling his gun back from his rear belt loop. He pointed the gun at the priest and said, “One more chance Father, show me the note and the candle, or I blow you away and find it myself.”
With a drip of sweat running down his face, Fr. Graaf replied, “As God as my protector, I will not do as you say.”
“At least I know you have what I’m looking for, now I just need to find it.” Aiden said looking the Father in the eye. “Maybe there’s a way to make you tell me,” he added pointing the gun at the Father’s leg. “What if I blow away the next person who comes through the door?”
“I swore to protect the church at all costs,” the Father replied. 
“You’d let your sheep get killed to protect the church? Isn’t that a bit hypocritical? I mean, aren’t you here for the people you serve?”
“I’m done talking to you,” Fr. Graaf replied. 
“I’m not done talking to you,” Aiden said and shot the priest in the left shin sending him to the floor. “Hey, did you ever see that movie where they whipped the shit out of Jesus? I could do that to you,” Aiden said with a smile. “That was one fucked up movie, all the blood, pretty sick shit.”
“Do what you want to me, I will never tell you what you want to know,” the Father said lying on the floor holding his hand over the wound. 
Aiden stepped forward and pointed the gun at the priest’s other shin. “Watch this,” he said as he pulled off another shot. The sound of the blast shot back from the tall broad walls that lined the church. 
Ft. Graaf grit his teeth and curled into a ball trying to hold back the pain and the blood. Then Aiden noticed the main door to the church open again and saw Bonnie walk back inside with her walker. From her angle, she couldn’t see the priest lying on the floor. He was obstructed by a pew. 
“Where’s Fr. Graaf?” Bonnie shouted from the door. 
Aiden raised his gun and did a quick calculation in his head. He had pulled off five shots and had two left. He had to make these last two count. He had another clip in his pocket, but didn’t want to waste any bullets. He put Bonnies head in the sights of the gun and without saying a word, pulled off one shot that struck her in the mouth ripping her dentures to shreds and tearing through her spinal cord. She fell to the floor in a heap on top of her walker. 
“Why did you do that?” Fr. Graaf asked. 
“Tell me where the candle is?” 
“Why did you kill another innocent person?”
“Because I can, now tell me what I want!” Aiden shouted pointing the gun at the Fathers face. 
“Fuck you,” Fr. Graaf replied and closed his eyes waiting for the shot. He only heard it for an instant as it tore through his brain and killed him. He now lie on the floor staring blankly up to the ceiling. 
Aiden took off towards the back of the church and didn’t look back, he was on a mission and wasn’t leaving empty handed. He was too far gone. 

Chapter 3
Cedar Hills

Aiden knocked on the door to his grandmother’s room. He watched as a nurse’s aide passed by with a glass of ice water and waited for his grandmother to respond. 
“Come in,” he heard and walked into the room with a package in his hand. 
“Hello grandma,” Aiden said. He wasn’t a frequent visitor so he didn’t know how his grandmother would respond. 
“Aiden, what are you doing here?” Sister Mary, Aiden’s grandmother replied. She was lying in bed watching daytime television.
“I have something I want to show you,” Aiden replied, cupping the package in his hand. On her desk was a picture of Sister Mary from back in the day when she was much younger standing in front of a church. Much had changed over the years, and now Sister Mary was an old woman living in a nursing home. 
“What is it?” Sister Mary asked. She was a bit nervous since Aiden wasn’t a regular visitor. 
Aiden laid the package on the side of the bed and hesitated. “Before I show this to you, I want you to understand that I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t important.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know how mom knew about the story, you must have told her a long time ago, but I remembered as a kid hearing the story about how you were attacked in the church.”
“I don’t remember telling anyone about that,” Sister Mary said sternly. She was in her eighties, but very lucid with a young mind. 
“Maybe you didn’t, I don’t know, but I heard about it from either mom or somebody else a long time ago.”
“Why are you bringing this up now? And what’s in the wrapper?”
Aiden pulled the wrapping off the package and revealed a candle, about a foot long and scuffed with age. To Sister Mary’s horror, it lay there like a knife that had just been pulled from her heart. 
“Where did you get that?” Sister Mary asked in a rage.
“From St. Andrew’s church, the church where you were raped,” Aiden replied. 
Sister Mary looked at the candle and shook her head. “Get that thing away from me, get it out of this building!”
“Not so loud grandma,” Aiden said. 
“You had no business bringing that here.”
“Yes, yes I do have business, if you let me explain.”
“Do you know what kind of misery that thing brought me?”
“No, you never talked about it.”
“The only good thing that ever happened because of it was the death of Sister Anne and that son of a bitch priest Fr. Daniel.”
“What do you mean?” Aiden asked. 
“If you want the story, I’ll tell you the story. That candle brought forth a demon, a demon who gave three curses. Not upon me thank the Lord, but upon those who blasphemed the Lord by using it to rape me.”
“I heard about the curses, but there was no paper with the curses written on it, I looked for it everywhere but it wasn’t with the candle.”
“I wrote them down, but I don’t know if the diocese put the paper with the candle, I told them what they were. I’m sure the paper is somewhere.”
“What are the curses?” Aiden asked. 
“Short life, disease and uncontrollable power,” Sister Mary replied. 
“How did the curses kill the priest and the sister?”
“Both fell ill immediately after the rape, Sister Anne used the sympathy to gain power in the church and for a brief time was able to eliminate all those she despised. Fr. Daniel tried to stop her when she tried to remove him from the church and because of her, he was excommunicated and was barred from the church all together. He claimed Sister Anne was faking her illness and she murdered him to keep him quiet. Turns out she was very sick and didn’t realize how bad, she died from lymphoma six months later.”
“You said the priest was sick as well?”
“Yes, he became delusional, some sort of early onset dementia. He was only in his forties when he was murdered,” Sister Mary explained. 
“And where was you all this time?” Aiden asked. 
“I became pregnant with your mother from the rape, I left the church.”
“Then why do they still call you Sister Mary?”
“A term of endearment I suppose. I was only a sister for a short time. The church frowns upon pregnant Sisters.”
“But the priest raped you.”
“This was the fifties, it didn’t matter,” Sister Mary said. 
“So I would think you would think this candle a blessing, it took out all the evil that was taking place all around you.”
“That candle brought forth the demon, when a sacred object from the church was used to rape a Sister, it brought forth something that should never have seen the light of day.”
“Has the demon come back since?” Aiden asked. 
“No, that’s because the candle was locked away, but now that you have it, and you need to put it back,” Sister Mary said. 
“So the only way to bring forth the demon is to use the sacred candle to rape a Sister?” Aiden asked. 
Surprised at his question, Sister Mary asked, “Why do you ask? What do you have planned?”
Aiden walked around the room and thought hard about his answer. “I want power too,” he replied. 
“No, you don’t, I just told you that the curse brings forth short life and illness.”
“And power,” Aiden said. 
“What good is power if you’re dead? Or too sick to use it?”
“I don’t know yet, I haven’t thought about it, this is the first time I’ve actually heard with the curses were.”
“Take it back, burn it, destroy it, you do not want the demon coming upon you like he did me.”
“You’re still here, you lived a long life, why do you despise the candle at all? I would think you’d embrace it as your savior.”
“If you won’t do it, let me destroy it,” Sister Mary said. 
Aiden paused and looked his grandmother in the eye. “I’m way too far gone for that now. I just came here for some information and now that I know what I needed to know, I’ll be going.”
“When did you get the candle?” Sister Mary asked. 
“That’s none of your business,” Aiden replied. 
“It was all over the news, the priest at St. Andrew was murdered last week, do you know anything about that?”
“No.”
“They said there was a break in, that the back office was torn apart, is that where you found the candle?”
Aiden became very nervous and swallowed hard. “I’m leaving grandma, take care.” Aiden said and left the room with the candle.
As Aiden approached the front door of the nursing home, he was stopped by a woman in scrubs who ran up to him out of breath. “Sir, can you wait a minute?” the woman asked. 
Aiden looked at her name badge, it read Jill Bradley, RN DON and she seemed upset. 
“I need to talk to you before you leave,” Jill said looking at the package in Aiden’s hand. 
“I got to go,” Aiden said and made for the door. 
“If you leave, I’ll call the police.”
“What?” Aiden asked. 
“I got a call that you took something from a resident’s room, I need to see what’s in your hand.”
“That’s bullshit, I brought this in with me,” Aiden replied. 
“I don’t know what’s going on, but I need to confirm that you didn’t take anything from a resident, now can you come to my office?”
“No, I’m not going to your office, I brought this in with me and I’m leaving with it.”
Jill grabbed her cell phone and started to push buttons. 
“What are you doing?” Aiden asked. 
“Calling the police,” Jill replied. 
“You’re going to believe the bullshit of an old lady? Fuck, she didn’t even remember my name!”
“Mary? She’s more with it than most of my staff.” Jill said. Then the police answered the phone and Jill spoke to them. “Can you send an officer to Cedar Hills nursing home? We might have a resident theft.”
Aiden looked at Jill and shook his head. “You stupid cunt,” he said and turned to walk through the double doors. 
“I know who you are, the police will find you.”
“And when they do they will find out that my bitch grandma is lying through her ass. I didn’t steal anything, I brought this in for her to see and now I’m taking it with me.”
“What is it?” Jill asked. 
“None of your fucking business,” Aiden replied. “I hope you’re happy Jill,” Aiden said as condescendingly as he could. 
“It’s my job to protect my residents,” Jill said. 
“And I’ll sue your ass when you find out that the old bitch lied to you.”
“Why would she do that?”
“She’s an old bat, you tell me. I haven’t seen her in years, maybe she’s crazy like you,” Aiden replied. 
“Let’s go back to her room and we can work this out.”
“You already called the cops, I think we’re past that,” Aiden said as he pushed the door open. “If I get hauled down to the cop shop, you can count on hearing from my lawyer.” Aiden said as he left the building. 
As he approached his car, Jill came up from behind him and took out a notepad. She began writing down his license plate number. 
“What the fuck are you doing?” Aiden asked pissed. 
Jill didn’t respond. 
Aiden walked over to Jill and swatted the notepad out of her hand spilling the package on the ground. The wrapping came apart as the candle rolled out onto the hot asphalt. 
“You stole a candle from her room?” Jill asked. 
“I told you I didn’t steal anything you stupid bitch. Now get the fuck away from my car,” Aiden said scooping up the candle and the wrapping paper. He tucked the package under his arm and got in his car. He expected the nurse to be standing behind him blocking him, but to his surprise she was heading back to the building. 
It was then he heard the police sirens and decided it was time to leave. He pulled out and left the parking lot just as the police were pulling in. He gave a nod and a wave and was on his way back to his apartment with his package intact. 

Sister Mary stood up and grabbed her walker. She took some slow steps over to her dresser and pulled out a photo album and brought it back to her bed. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she opened the book and turned the pages till she found the page she was looking for. Behind one of the pictures, she pulled out a slip of paper with some lines on it. The paper was old and she was afraid to unfold it, but she did so she could read the three curses that she had written down forty years before. It felt like she had written them down yesterday. 
Then Jill knocked on the door and leaned in to talk to Mary. “Mary, are you alright? I called the police,” she said. 
Mary took a good long look at the paper in her hand and said, “Never mind, tell the police I won’t press charges. It was a cheap candle, I can get another one.”
“But that’s not the point, theft is theft.”
“He’s just a boy in a man’s body, he will learn one day. It’s not worth the bother.”

Chapter 4
Lights, Camera...

Aiden heard the doorbell ring and opened the door. Meeting him was a twenty something young woman with long brown hair and pretty eyes. “Hi, you must be Maddie?” he asked. 
“Yes,” she replied. 
“Come on in,” Aiden said and led her to a chair next to a dining room table covered with papers and a laptop computer. “Glad you could make it,” he added with a smile. “Did you have a hard time finding my place?” he asked. 
“No, I used my gps,” Maddie replied. 
“Well, we should get down to business I suppose. Do you remember what we talked about on Facebook?” 
“Yeah, sort of,” she replied. 
“Ok, here’s the deal I can make you,” Aiden said handing Maddie a sheet of paper with something typed on it. “I can pay you three hundred dollars for a solo masturbation video and a photoset,” Aiden said pointing to the top line on her page. “The video must be at least twenty minutes long and have two different changes of clothes or location.”
Maddie nodded her head as she read along. 
“I can raise that to four hundred dollars if you will do a twenty minute lesbian video and photo shoot, same rules as the single masturbation deal.”
“Would I have to find the other girl?” Maddie asked. 
“If you can that would be great, and she’d get the same deal, plus I’d pay you a hundred dollar finder’s fee.”
“What if I can’t find anyone?”
“I have a few girls I can call,” Aiden replied. 
“I don’t know if I could do that with someone I don’t know.”
“I pay for STD testing, all my girls are clean,” Aiden replied. 
“Yeah, but I don’t know them.”
“It’s acting, you have some fun for twenty minutes, take another hour’s worth of photos and you walk out with four hundred dollars, five hundred if you bring the girl.”
Maddie sat and thought about what Aiden said. She seemed like she might be changing her mind. 
“How long do I have to let you know?” Maddie asked. 
“You can do the solo today, I shoot in my garage studio. All you have to do is sign a release, do the shoot and then sign for payment and you’re done.”
“So I could make three hundred today?”
“Yes, you sure could,” Aiden replied. 
“What do you do with the video and pictures?”
“I mark them up and sell them to porn houses. I work with three different companies who pay me for my work.”
“What are the chances anyone I know will see them?” Maddie asked. 
“I’ll be honest, once you’re out there, there’s no taking them back.”
“You’re pretty honest for someone who does what you do.”
“I have to be, keeps me from getting in trouble down the line. Part of the release is that you have to say into the camera that you are eighteen or over, were not coerced and that you are not under the influence of drugs. It’s all legal.”
Maddie set the paper down and took a deep breath. She didn’t know what to do, all she knew was she had a gas bill that was overdue and in two days and she would lose service. Three hundred dollars would cover the bill and leave her some money for groceries for her kids. “I have some stretch marks, is that alright?” she asked. 
“Let me look,” Aiden said. 
Maddie stood up and raised her shirt and pulled down the front of her jeans. She had some light pink marks but nothing bad.
“I can work with that,” Aiden said pulling out his wallet. He set down three one hundred dollar bills in front of Maddie and waited for her response. 
“Can I wear a mask?” Maddie asked. 
“No, no one would buy that from me, have you seen what’s on porn sites these days?”
“I’ve seen some,” Maddie replied. 
“Let me show you what I’ve done,” Aiden said pushing the laptop so she could see the screen. He pressed a button on a video player and a scene of a young woman masturbating with her finger popped up. “I shot that on my couch,” he said. 
“I thought you said you used your garage?” Maddie asked. 
“I usually do, but not for that shot.” Aiden clicked his mouse and brought up another video of two nude women embraced in a kiss rubbing each other between the legs. “That is my garage, it looks like a living room,” he added with pride. 
“How many girls have you shot?” Maddie asked. 
“I’ve been doing this about ten years now, I’d say probably sixty or so.”
“And this is all you do for a living?” 
“No, I also bartend at O’Shea’s, that’s how I find a lot of my girls. I want to expand this so it’s all I do, but internet porn is changing a lot these days. It’s getting harder to sell with all the free content out there. That’s why they hire me, I bring the new girls, the one’s nobody’s seen before. That’s where the money is.”
“If you pay me three hundred, how much do you get paid?” Maddie asked. 
“Oh, I’m not telling, I’ve worked too hard to build this up and I’m not giving any secrets away. Let’s just say it’s enough to keep me busy,” Aiden replied. 
Maddie slumped down in her chair, “I think I want to think about this for a while.”
Always wanting to close the deal, Aiden chimed in, “I’ll make it three fifty if you do it today.”
Maddie perked up and smiled a bit. She desperately wanted to pay off her bill and needed food for her kids. “Maybe,” she said. 
“Offer is good for the next ten minutes,” Aiden said dropping two twenties and a ten dollar bill on the stack of cash.
“I’ve never been naked in front of someone I don’t know let alone masturbated on camera,” Maddie said. She was obviously worried and torn between doing what she needed to do and paying her bills. “Maybe I can get a loan from somebody,” she said looking at the floor. 
“It’s up to you, I have the gear ready to roll in the garage if you want. Won’t take more than a couple hours for the video and photo shoot. Up to you.”
Maddie reached into her purse and pulled out the gas bill. On the top stamped in big red letters it read “Final notice” and was dated for shut off. 
Aiden sat back in his chair and waited for her response. 
“Four hundred,” she said.
“Three fifty, that’s as high as I’ll go.”
Maddie put the bill back in her purse and looked at Aiden. Swallowing hard she replied, “Fine, let’s get this over.”

Aiden led Maddie out the back door and into the garage where his studio was set up. It was an impressive array of equipment for a small studio complete with two HD cameras and two umbrella lights for the still shots. The set was a bed with a couch next to it that could be easily moved depending on the shot. 
Aiden motioned for Maddie to stand next to one of the tripods holding an expensive video camera. “You can take your clothes off here if you like, or you can by the table over there,” he said. 
“Don’t you have a bathroom? Or a private place I can change?” Maddie asked. 
“No, and you can’t be too shy, you’re going to be doing a lot more than changing here in a few minutes. While I’m thinking about it, would you like to use a toy or just use your fingers for this shoot?”
The question hit Maddie odd, she never dreamed a man would ever ask her a question like that. “Are they clean?” she asked. 
“I wash them after each shoot,” Aiden replied. 
“I’ll use my fingers first, if I get comfortable, I might try a toy.”
“Great, I have a few dildos back by my editing bay, you can look and see what you like.”
“Ok, can you at least turn away while I get undressed?” Maddie asked. 
Aiden thought it was stupid to turn away since she’d be fingering herself in a few minutes, but what the hell. 
“Where are you going to be while I’m on camera?” Maddie asked. 
Surprised by her question, Aiden replied, “I’ll have one camera on the tripod and the other I’ll have in my hand for close ups.”
“What? You’re going to be in here?”
“Did you think I was going to be outside while you did your thing?”
“Isn’t that how it works?”
“No, I have to be in here to make sure I get the shots I need. I’m not paying three hundred and fifty dollars without seeing what I’m paying for. Now, can you get undressed so we can get going?” Aiden asked a tad bit pissed. 
Maddie reluctantly pulled up her shirt and took off her bra tossing it on the table by the wall. She then kicked off her shoes and slid down her jeans leaving her in her sky blue bikini style panties. 
“Those too,” Aiden said. 
Maddie took the panties and slid them down kicking them against the wall. She turned and to Aiden’s disappointment, she had a full bush of pubic hair. 
“We really need to shave that before we shoot,” Aiden said. 
“Shave?” Maddie asked. “Then I’ll look like a little girl!”
“Shaved is in honey, nobody wants to see your pubes. I have an electric trimmer and a Bic razor in my desk, I’ll get it for you.”
Maddie stood waiting for Aiden while he fetched the razors. He returned and plugged the electric trimmer into an outlet strip on the floor. He handed the razor to Maddie and she took it looking at Aiden like he was nuts. With a click of the button, the razor came alive and Maddie shaved the curly pubic hair from between her legs. 
“You want me to let this fall on the floor?” she asked. 
“I can sweep it up later,” Aiden replied looking at the cement floor. Only the set was covered with carpet. 
Once Maddie was clean shaven, Aiden motioned for her to get on the bed and sit up with her back against the headboard. 
“Bring your knees up so I can see your pussy,” he said and Maddie complied. 
Aiden then stood behind the tripod mounted camera and checked the framing and lighting. It was perfect, set up just like the last time. He then picked up the hand held and made sure it was ready. Once he was happy, he walked back to his editing bay computer and clicked the record button. He stepped back around to the set and nodded his head as to say he was ready. 
“What should I do first?” Maddie asked. 
“I don’t want my voice in the video, so all you have to do is start off by rubbing your pussy and making it look like you’re having the best time of your life, after about five minutes, get on all fours and put your ass right in the camera and do the same thing. Give that a few minutes and get back on your ass and finish with your legs up in the air.”
“I can’t keep them up in the air for long,” Maddie complained. 
“Just bend your knees again,” Aiden said. “For the next shoot, we’ll use some toys, so concentrate on using your finger and make it look like you're having the best orgasm of your life. Are you ready?”
“I guess,” Maddie replied. 
Aiden looked at the clock on the wall and said, “Action!”
Maddie did as Aiden told her and began to rub between her legs. She felt awkward and for some reason knew this was exactly what Aiden wanted. Seems the more nervous and new you were, the more desirable you were to the consumers of internet porn. At least there was no audience, and it would be over soon enough. Maybe if she tried hard enough, she might actually like it. But for now, she was as open to the world as she had ever been. And hopefully, for the one and only time ever. 

Chapter 5
O’Shea’s Pub and Grill

That evening at O’Shea’s Pub and Grill, Aiden was chatting with a customer when Randy, the owner called him into the back office. A bit freaked by the owners tone, Aiden sat down and had a feeling he was about to get grilled. 
“I had another complaint Aiden,” Randy said. “Another customer said you were trying to get her to come to your place and make some movies. Is that true?”
“I may have, what’s the big deal?” Aiden asked. 
“The big deal is that you work for me, not the other way around. I look past your little porn business but I don’t want you trolling for girls at my bar, you understand me?”
“Yeah, I understand, I understand you pay me shit to work here, and that every other bartender you’ve had in the last two years quit your sorry ass. I don’t need this shit job, I make plenty with my business.”
“What? Are you threatening to quit? You don’t think I can’t find someone else qualified to tend the bar? I was on the edge of firing you and was planning to give you one more chance, but now I don’t know.”
“Honestly, the only reason I took this job was to find girls, the eight fifty you pay me an hour is nothing compared to the thousands I make selling my video’s. If you fire me, I’ll find another bar to work at and get my girls there. At least with me, you know I show up on time and don’t steal from the register like your last guy did.”
Randy knew Aiden was right, and for the most part Aiden was a good worker. Randy was tired of women coming up to him and complaining about be harassed by Aiden into doing his porn shoots. But for some reason, it didn’t hurt business, actually, Aiden was sort of a draw to the bar because he was sort of a local celebrity. No one else knew anyone in the porn business, and people found him interesting. 
“Tell you what,” Randy said. “I don’t want to fire you, I really don’t, but this has to stop. You find a way to get your girls without them coming to me. I don’t want to get sued because my employee is trying to get them to bang themselves on camera for you. You got me?”
“I won’t stop, I told you, I need to recruit new talent and a bar is the best place to do it, I can’t go up to women in a grocery store and ask them, it’s all about location.”
“Don’t you have some sort of model application on your website?” Randy asked. 
“I do, but I get far more real contacts in person. I may get one online application a month, and those usually turn out to be freaks looking for drug money. Not really interested in doing the work. In my line of business, you have to be hands on, I have to make one on one contact with my potential model. Most women wouldn’t do this sort of work, but once I get to talking to them, and get into how life sucks and how they can’t pay their bills, I can convince them pretty easily.”
“You’re the used car salesman of porn,” Randy said shaking his head. 
“I provide real cash for these women who need it. It’s just a job, I buy talent and resell it, just like any other commodity. It’s better than a high interest loan or them having to borrow from their friends or family. Hell, I’ve paid out probably twenty thousand dollars in fees over the last ten years. That money puts food on their table and gas in their cars.”
“I’m not arguing with you, I just don’t want you finding your girls here,” Randy said. 
“Fine, I’ll finish out the pay period and find a job at a different bar. And I’ll take all my customers with me, how does that sound?” Aiden asked. 
Randy shook his head in disgust knowing Aiden was right. Business had picked up a lot since Aiden started two years ago and losing him would be a shot to the bar. Randy was fucked and in this economy he needed every advantage he could get. 
“Can you find a way to do it that doesn’t piss off the customers? I don’t like getting phone calls.”
“How many women have actually called you? Really?” Aiden asked. 
Randy leaned back against the wall to think. “Three,” he replied. 
“Three? Are you sure?” Aiden asked. 
“Maybe two,” Randy replied. 
“In two years, two women complained, and I’ve probably shot two dozen that I found here. Two out of twenty four isn’t bad.”
“But those two women tell others and then they threaten to sue me.”
“Sue you for what? What crime has been committed? I make them an offer, they can say yes or no. It's not like I’m kidnapping women and taping them without consent.”
“People can sue for anything, they don’t need a reason and then I’m forced to hire a lawyer,” Randy said. 
“I see your point,” Aiden said. “People can be total fuck heads. 
“Like I said, I don’t care what you do as long as it doesn’t come back on me. Maybe you can meet the girls here and talk to them off the clock,” Randy said. 
Aiden shook his head. “It’s all in the one on one personal contact. I can look a woman in the eye and know if she’ll take the deal. I can’t get that over the phone. When I first started this, I had a lot of flakes who didn’t show for the shoots, now I get maybe one out of ten that don’t show. It’s taken me a long time to build up my reputation and I can’t go backwards.”
“Maybe you should open your own bar,” Randy said as a joke. Then he wished he hadn’t said it. 
“No, the last thing I want is to deal with vendors and employees, your job sucks,” Aiden said. “You need to chill and not let these women get to you. All they’re doing is making idle threats because they feel they’re better than they are. Most of these are insecure bitches that need some sort of validation. All you have to do is make them feel like they are the Queen of wherever the fuck they’re from and they will go away.”
“That’s not my job,” Randy said. 
“If you want me pulling in customers, it is your job. This place would have half as many regulars if I weren’t here and you know it. All you have to do is take care of a few bitches once and a while and you keep the money rolling in.”
Randy had an epiphany. “What if you pay me for my trouble?”
“What?” Aiden asked. 
“Well, you use my bar as your personal recruiting station, maybe you should be paying me for the opportunity.”
“You want a kickback?” Aiden asked like it was a joke. 
“Call it what you want, I deserve to be paid for providing you with a place to find girls, and for putting up with the ones you piss off,” Randy said. 
“And just how much do you think you deserve?” Aiden asked. 
“How about a hundred a week?” Randy asked. 
“Fuck no way, that’s a third of my take home pay.”
“How about seventy five then?”
“How about you pay me ten dollars an hour or I take my customers to whatever bar I work at next?” Aiden asked. 
“You want a raise?” Randy asked shaking his head in disgust. “I was on the verge of canning you tonight and now you want more money. You really are a good salesman. No wonder you are so successful taking naked pictures of poor women. I bet that makes you all warm and fuzzy inside doesn’t it?”
“Don’t go there, I’m putting money in their pockets. Three hundred dollars for two hours work is better than they’ll find anywhere else,” Aiden said. 
“Work? Give me a break, its porn. You’re taking advantage of the girls because of their economic problems, not because you give a shit about any of them. How many do you keep in contact with after you shoot them?”
“I have a few that I keep in regular contact, I need girls to do the lesbian stuff and they are hard to find.”
“Yeah, I bet you love your job, must be nice to watch two women lick each other and get paid for it,” Randy said. 
“It’s the best job in the world.”
“What makes you any different than a pimp?”
“Well, for one thing, most of the women don’t have to fuck anyone, and the ones who do get tested for STD’s and perform in a safe place. It’s not like they’re standing on a street corner waiting to get murdered by some creep who happens to be horny and pissed that night.”
“Yeah, I guess there are some differences, but in the end the women are getting paid for sex.”
“I’m paying them for their acting, not for sex. It’s illegal to sell your body for sex, it’s not illegal to sell it for a performance,” Aiden said.
“I always wondered how the porn stars got away with it, seems like hair splitting to me.”
“Yeah, well anyway, what are we going to do? I have customers waiting for me, are you going to fire me or give me a raise?” Aiden asked. 
“Neither, you can go back out and tend the bar, let’s pretend this conversation never happened. You keep the women from calling me to complain, and I’ll look the other way while you look for girls to exploit.”
“Call it what you want, I call it making the sweetest cash you can imagine. Once you’ve held the camera and told a girl to spread her legs and show her pink you know you’ve died and gone to heaven. Especially when you sell the video for three times what you paid her.”
“Three times?” Randy asked. 
“I only sell to high end porn providers. Anyone with a cell phone today can make a masturbation video in a bathroom stall. My work has more appeal in Asia where the real money is.” 

Three hours later, Aiden was bored and watched the television to pass the time at work. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed an average looking middle aged man walk into the club and approach like he was on a mission. The man stopped at the bar and waited for Aiden to speak to him. 
Aiden turned to greet the customer with a smile that hid his apprehension. “Hi, what can I get you?” Aiden asked. 
“Are you Aiden Fisk?” the man asked as calm as he could muster. He seemed like he was going to explode any second. 
“Yes, can I help you?”
“Are you the mother fucker who took naked pictures of my daughter today?” 
Realizing he had to choose his words carefully, Aiden smiled and tried to think of a good response. “Who is your daughter?” Aiden asked knowing full well the answer. 
“Maddie, does that name ring a bell?”
“Yeah, I think we had a session today,” Aiden replied. 
“A “session”? Is that what you call it? She said you made her play with herself while you shot video. Is that right? Did you make her?”
“Um, Maddie is twenty two years old, she is a legal adult,” Aiden said. 
The man reached into his pocket and laid out three hundred and fifty dollars on the bar. The same cash Aiden had paid Maddie earlier that day. “Here’s your money back, all of it. If I see my daughter anywhere on any porn site I will come back and kill you. You got me?” the man said staring hard into Aiden’s eyes. 
“She signed a model release, I have a legal contract,” Aiden replied. 
“What good is your contract if you’re dead?” the man asked. 
Aiden paused and looked over at Randy who was watching from the back room. This was the very thing Randy wanted to avoid and now Aiden felt the full pressure. 
“Ok, I won’t sell the video,” Aiden said 
“You’ll do better than that, you’ll go back and delete all the video and all the pictures you took. And then you’ll tear up those contracts and burn them, do you get me?”
“I get you,” Aiden replied fearing for his life. This man could whip out a gun at any point and make his point if he chose. Aiden was in no position to negotiate. 
“You are one sick son of a bitch taking advantage of girls who need money. I would have given Maddie that money if she’d of asked. She has too much pride, just like her mother. I’m ashamed as a man that she felt she had to stoop so low to pay her bills and feed her kids. Sick bastards like you deserve to be locked up, or put on some sex offender list. You got me? You are no better than those creepy fuckers listed in the paper. Now you take this money, and you get rid of all the pictures and video. I have a lot of friends around here who would not hesitate to help me take you out permanently.”
“I understand,” Aiden said picking up the cash from the bar. “It will be as if I never met her in the first place.” he added swallowing hard. . 

Chapter 6
Pay day 

Aiden leaned back against his car keeping an eye out for people going in and coming out of the payday loan store. He had been there for two hours and was getting bored looking for new prospects. Now that he had really pissed off Randy, he knew he needed another source for talent, and what better place was there then a place where desperate people went to get money. 
He had some flyers printed up and put a handmade sign on the side of his car advertising for “Ladies looking for work” with a link to his website. So far it was mostly men going into the store and the women he saw were not the kind he would be able to resell to his clients. Not for the kind of money he needed. There were niche markets for large women, and for old ladies, but he needed the young ones who brought in the real money. Then Aiden saw a woman come out of the storefront dressed like she was someone important heading his way. The woman approached his car and looked at the sign taped to his door. 
“You’re going to have to leave,” the woman said. Her name badge read Christina Mackie. 
“I’m not on your property, this is public access,” Aiden replied. “There is an easement that allows me to be here.”
Not sure if Aiden was correct, Christina backed off a bit. “I think what you’re doing is disgusting,” she said. 
“You think giving out those high interest loans isn’t disgusting? We all have to do what we can to make it these days.”
“What I’m doing is legal.”
“What I’m doing is also legal,” Aiden replied.
“Maybe, but it’s not moral,” Christina stated as fact. 
“What do you charge on your loans? What is the interest rate, four hundred percent? That is immoral. I’m giving people a chance to work for their money, you trap them and exploit them. You lady, are the problem, not me.”
Pissed at Aiden’s comment, Christina decided to bluff. “I’m calling the police anyway, I don’t think you have any rights to be here. You can use your legal talk all you want, but I’ll have your ass out of here in twenty minutes.”
“Do what you want, look up public access, Google “easement” on your phone. I’ll sue your ass for false reporting bitch,” Aiden said and handed Christina a flyer. “I pay three hundred per session, I’d go as far as three fifty for you,” he said with a smile. 
Pissed, Christian turned and stormed off back to the payday loan office and went inside leaving Aiden to do his business. 
Then Aiden noticed a man approach and put out his hand for a flyer. “What did you do to piss her off?” the man asked smiling
“Stupid bitch threatened to call the cops on me, said I was on her property.”
“Aren’t you?” the man asked. 
“I should have been a lawyer,” Aiden replied. “No, I have public access by the road.”
“Oh, ok, what are you selling?”
“I’m not selling anything, I’m trying to hire some models for my adult web business,” Aiden replied. 
“Adult? You mean porn?” the man asked. 
“Yes, porn,” Aiden replied. 
“What do you pay?”
Aiden smiled and looked at the guy. He was short, fat and balding. “I don’t hire guys, only women.”
“I figured that, but you might be interested in my wife,” the man said. 
“How old is she?” Aiden asked. 
“Forty two,” the man replied. 
“That’s a bit older than I usually hire. I’m looking for girls between eighteen and thirty.”
The man looked at the flyer and saw what Aiden was paying. “I could use three hundred dollars man, I’ve been back to this fucking place three times this month. I can’t get ahead to save my life and now my car payment is due.”
“I don’t know what to tell you, I just can’t hire a woman that old. If I did, it would be maybe a hundred dollars.”
The man stood and thought for a second. Then he pulled out his phone and looked for photos till he found one he liked and showed it to Aiden. “How about her?” the man asked. 
“Nice, who is she?”
“My youngest daughter, she’s twenty three,” the man said. 
“Your daughter? Won’t you wife have a problem with that?” Aiden asked with a grin. 
“Probably, but we’re so broke and three hundred dollars would get me out of the cycle of coming back here every two weeks. If I could get this car payment made, we’d be able to get back on track.”
Aiden looked at the man and tried to judge if he was serious or not. “Do you think your daughter would do it?”
“I’m sure she would,” the man replied. 
“I’ll pay four hundred for a lesbian session, would she do that?”
“If I told her too she would.”
“But she’s an adult, wouldn’t she keep the money for herself?”
“She lives in my basement and pays me rent. If she wants to continue to live there, she’ll do what I say.”
“Do you know any other girls that would do the shoot with her?”
“She has a girlfriend, fucking lesbian,” the man said. 
“Oh, so she’s the real thing. Most of the girls I hire are straight but do the lesbian stuff for the money.”
“She’s bisexual, as she puts it.”
“Ok, if you can get her to do a shoot, I’ll pay each girl four hundred dollars, cash right after the shoot.”
“When can we do this?” the man asked. 
“This is my job, we can do it today,” Aiden replied. 
“When and where?” the man asked. 
“My address is on the flyer, how about four o’clock?” Aiden asked. 
“She’ll be there. I can’t guarantee the other girl, but Robin will be there ready to shoot.”
“Just so you know, if it’s just her, its three hundred dollars, and I need twenty minutes of video and a photo shoot.”
“Sounds good to me,” the man said. 
“Before you go, I want to make sure you know exactly what I need. This is an adult site. I expect my models to finger themselves, use sex toys and put on a show. This isn’t a fashion model shoot, this is your daughter banging herself for twenty minutes while I tape it and then take pictures later.”
“Yeah, I get it, she’ll be ready.”
“Tell her to shave her pussy and to put on makeup and do her hair. I don’t have anyone to do make up.”
“No problem, is there any chance I can get a down payment?”
“Down payment?” Aiden asked. 
“It would help me sweeten the pot if I could show her the cash.”
Aiden hated flakes that didn’t show up the shoots, and a little cash might ensure she shows, but at the same time, he might take off with the money. “No, I can’t, if she bails and doesn’t show, I’m out cash.”
“No problem, see you at four,” the man said and he took off to his car. 

It was four thirty before the man Aiden spoke to and the girls showed up at his place. A bit pissed, Aiden met the man and his daughter at the front door, along with them was another girl who looked a bit rough and a lot bitchy. 
“This is my daughter Robin and her girlfriend Beth,” the man said. 
Aiden put out his hand to shake Robin’s hand. “Glad to meet you,” he said and shook her hand. “Did your dad explain to you what I need?” Aiden asked. 
Beth spoke up, “Yeah, something about eating pussy on camera for four hundred dollars,” she said, like a bitch. 
Trying to not piss Beth off, Aiden smiled and said, “Yes, basically that’s it in a nutshell.”
“Ok, let’s get this done,” she said. 
“Before we start, I need for you two to sign release forms. Once we’re done, I’ll have you sign a receipt for payment. I also need to explain what I need on camera and for the still shots.”
“I’ve seen porn, I get it,” Beth said. 
“Great,” Aiden said with a nervous smile. Beth was obviously in charge of the couple. “But I do need to tell you what I need as far as content.”
“Go on.”
“Ok, I need twenty minutes of video that I can cut up into smaller sections. I also need around seventy five to a hundred still shots that we will do after the video session. I need hard core lesbian porn, that mean pussy eating, making out, fingering and toys. I have some you can use.”
“Fine, where do we sign?” Beth said. 
Aiden led the girls over to the table and pushed the paperwork in front of them. “Do you have I.D.’s?”
Both girls set their drivers licenses on the table and Aiden took a picture of each one with his phone. “Good, you're both over eighteen,” he said trying to make small talk. “I need you to sign and date these forms at the bottom stating you give me full permission to use your images and distribute them.”
“Did you have a lawyer write these up or did you download these off the internet?” Beth asked. 
“I got them from one of the distributors I work for. They require I have them signed before they will buy any of my work.”
“You call this work?” Beth laughed. “You get to watch me fuck my girlfriend and you call that work. Funny.”
“I do have to do the shooting and editing, it’s not all fun.”
“No, I don’t blame you, I wish I had your job. Watching girls bang themselves all day. I bet you get blue balls all the time,” Beth said. 
“It’s a professional hazard, but I manage.”
“Have you ever been in a shoot? Ever fucked a girl on camera?”
“No, God no, my body’s disgusting.”

Thirty minutes later, the two women are in the garage sitting on the bed nude. Aiden pulled up a chair and rested his hand held camera on his lap. “Ok, I need twenty minutes, I don’t want to keep harping on that, but sometimes the girls get excited and don’t keep track of time and I end up shooting filler. My production company requires at least twenty minutes or they won’t pay me.”
“Just tell us what time it is once and a while, or put the clock closer so we can see it,” Beth said. 
“I can’t have my voice on the video and there can’t be any cuts, and it wouldn’t look good if you were looking off the scene at a clock. Tell you what, just keep going till I say stop. Twenty minutes may feel like a long time, so pace yourselves. Start off with some kissing, then move to tit sucking and so forth.”
“You sound like my dad,” Robin said. 
“What?” 
“My dad is always barking out orders. It’s like living with a fucking drill sergeant.”
“I’m not trying to be an ass, I just know what I need. I’m investing eight hundred dollars in this shoot and if I can’t resell it, I’ll be down at the payday loan office,” Aiden stated. “You ready?”
“Yeah, let’s get this over,” Beth said. 
“Ok, start off at the top of the bed,” Aiden said as he walked back to the editing bay to start the recording. “Cameras are recording, ready, set, action!” Aiden said and zoomed in on the two girls as they started to kiss. Lesbian shoots always made Aiden hot and he could feel the bulge in his pants starting to form. It was obvious these two women had done each other many times before because of their ease with each other. For some people that was the kind of video they enjoyed, but Aiden preferred to put two girls together that had never met. The awkwardness of the interaction made the sex all that much better. 
For the next twenty minutes, the two woman fucked, licked and sucked each other and put on a pretty good show. 

Chapter 7
Virgin and the Candle

Once the video was complete, the girls took their pay and signed a receipt. Before they could leave, Aiden asked, “Do you know of any other girls that might be interested in doing a shoot?” 
“I might,” Beth replied. “But she’s not really into porn, and she’s young.”
“How young?” Aiden asked. 
“Eighteen,” Beth replied. 
“Eighteen’s fine, what makes you think she’d do a porn shoot?”
“She’s like the rest of us, dead ass broke. She can’t afford her books for school and told me she might have to drop out of college.”
“What’s her name?” Aiden asked. 
“Julia Spencer,” Beth replied. 
“Can you get her in contact with me?”
“Maybe, is there a finder’s fee?”
“One hundred dollars if she does the shoot,” Aiden replied. 
Beth scratched her chin and looked Aiden hard in the eye. “You must be loaded if you can afford to pay all these girls in cash.”
“Not really, I need to get online when I finish editing your session and get it sold. I can’t get too far ahead of myself.”
“How are you so certain you’ll sell any of it? I mean, you don’t work for them do you?”
“No, I’m an independent contractor, but I haven’t shot anything I couldn’t sell yet. I’m very good at what I do.”
Beth stood up and stuffed her cash in her pocket. She and Robin walked to the door followed by Robin’s father who drove them to the shoot. “Do you have a card or something?” Beth asked. 
Aiden grabbed one of his fliers off the table and handed it to Beth. “My website and email are on the bottom.”
Beth took the flyer and left the house leaving Aiden to work on the video and edit the photos.

Three days later Julia Spencer was in Aiden’s studio checking out his dildo collection. She was topless and wearing only a pair of pink panties. She was very excited about doing the shoot and after talking to Aiden was sure this was her ticket to fame and fortune. 
“Are these all you got?” Julia asked. 
“Those are all the store bought ones, I do have a few other things, like bottles and a Barbie doll.”
“A Barbie doll?”
“Yeah, the Asians love that shit. Dress a young woman in pigtails and have her bang herself with a Barbie doll and I got cash in my pocket.”
“I’ll do that if you want,” Julia said. 
Then Aiden had a thought, he remembered the candle he stole from the church and wondered about using it in a shoot. He knew that the candle brought forth a demon, but he didn’t know how. It was probably because it was used on a Sister, but who knows. “Are you a virgin?” Aiden asked. 
“A virgin?” Julie asked back like it was a joke. But it was no joke, she was a virgin and didn’t want to come off like she wasn’t.
“Yeah, I can get more if I deflower a virgin on tape.”
“How do they know? You could fake it with some fake blood.”
“They can tell the difference, trust me. I’ve seen some first time videos and you can tell whose faking.”
“I bet you can’t, but if you must know, yes I am a virgin,” Julia said. 
Aiden grabbed the candle from the drawer where he stored it and brought it over to Julie. He handed it to her and she looked it over. “What’s this? You want me to use a candle?”
“Yeah, lube it up a bit and it slides right in.”
“Ok, but it seems kind of weird to me, especially with all these vibrators you have.”
“It’s a bit old school, but trust me, people love it.”
“People? What does your mother think of your job?” Julia asked with a smile. 
“I don’t invite my mother over for shoots,” Aiden replied. “She’s kind of a bitch.”
“You’re funny,” Julia said. “Tell me, if this works out, can I come back and do more?”
“Maybe, a lot of girls get fans and like to see more video’s from them. I’ve never shot a single girl more than once. I’d have to talk to my distributors about maybe doing a series. It all depends on how this shoot works out.”
“So I better do a great job,” Julia said like a giddy school girl. “How long till we shoot?” she asked. 
“I’m ready when you are, hop up on the bed.”
“You want my panties on or off?” she asked. 
“Leave them on at first, but take them off right away, then put the candle in your mouth to lube it up and start masturbating with it. Keep going until I say stop. It will take about twenty minutes. As you go along, go harder and harder until you orgasm.”
“I’m a virgin remember? I don’t know what an orgasm feels like,” Julia said. 
“You’ve never rubbed your clit before?”
“Maybe,” Julie replied with a blushing smile. 
“I’m sure you’ve orgasmed before, if you don’t feel it coming on, fake it. Just moan and scream like it’s the best thing you’ve ever felt.”
Julia hopped up on the bed and got on her back facing her feet towards the camera. She held the candle in her right hand and waited for instructions. 
“Ready?” Aiden said back at the computer?
“Ready,” Julia replied. 
“Action!” Aiden yelled and ran up to the bed with is hand held camera. 
Julia slowly removed her panties and kicked them off the side of the bed. Aiden then remembered he forgot to tell her to shave but was relieved when he noticed that she was already clean shaven between her legs. It didn’t take long before she had the candle in her mouth and then inside her pussy. It was tapered down to less than a half inch so it didn’t hurt going in. 
For a few minutes, Julia stroked the candle in and out of herself moaning like Aiden told her to do. It was like she knew exactly what she was doing and was a seasoned porn professional. In and out the candle went as she licked her lips and moaned with the deep pleasure of having her pussy fucked for the first time. Then she slipped her other hand down between her legs and began to rub her clit. 
Then from out of nowhere, a male voice spoke, “How dare you?”
Shocked, Aiden took his eye from the camera viewfinder and tried to see who spoke. In the doorway stood a tall lanky man, dressed in all black with a priest collar. The man was thin, gaunt and looked like he had been put through a dehydrator. 
Aiden stood up and faced the man, “Who the fuck are you?” he yelled. 
Julia pulled the candle out from inside her, crossed her legs and folded her arms across her chest. 
“The candle, give it to me,” the man said holding out his hand to Julia. Julia looked to Aiden for guidance and didn’t get any. 
“Give it to me!” he yelled this time. 
“Don’t!” Aiden yelled back. “Give it back to me.”
Julia lay naked on the bed holding the candle not knowing what to do. She waved the candle around hoping someone would take it from her. Before the man in black could step forward, Aiden bolted towards the bed and grabbed the candle out of Julia’s hand. 
“Ok, fucktard, who are you and what do you want with my candle?”
“Fucktard? What interesting new phrases your generation comes up with, I like that, Fucktard.”
“I’ll call the cops if you don’t tell me what’s going on,” Aiden said. 
“No, I don’t think you will actually,” the man said. “They might find out exactly who it was that broke into St. Andrew’s and tore the place up.”
Shocked that this man would know this, Aiden asked, “What are you talking about?”
“The candle came from the church, from the lock box in the priest’s office. Don’t you remember? It was after you shot him, and two parishioners.” 
Julia looked at Aiden in surprise. “You shot a priest?’ she asked. 
“Fuck no, he’s full of shit,” Aiden replied. 
“Am I? You know I’m right Aiden,” the man said. 
“How do you know my name?”
“Tell me, how is Sister Mary doing these days?”
“She’s fine, living in a nursing home, why do you give a shit?”
“Last time I saw her, she was being raped by Sister Anne, poor Sister Anne, and she didn’t last long after that.”
“You know my grandmother?” Aiden asked. 
“Not really, only met her that one time. She seemed to be having such a hard time being raped by Fr. Daniel and Sister Anne. I had to come to her aid.”
“You helped her? I heard you were a demon?”
“So you do know who I am,” the man in the black suit said. 
“I heard the story from my mother, she said a demon came and left three curses.”
“Yes I did, and those three curses came to be.”
“I have a question for you then,” 
“A question? Go on.”
“The third curse, I heard it was something to do with power, great power or uncontrollable power?”
“Yes, you are close enough,” the man said. 
“I want that power,” Aiden said. 
“What makes you think I’d give you anything?”
“I have what you came for, the candle, I’ll trade it to you for unlimited power.”
“It’s not unlimited, it’s uncontrollable, and there is a difference.”
“That’s fine, I don’t care, the candle for the power,” Aiden said. 
“You don’t know what it is you ask for. Power corrupts completely, that is why it is a curse.”
“I don’t care, I want to be corrupted, that’s all I ever wanted,” Aiden said. 
The man in black looked down at Julia’s naked body. “You think you can control these girls with money? You want more power to control? This is nothing, you have no idea what real power is.”
“I know, but I want it anyway.”
“Like a spoiled child you want everything.”
“Yes, like a spoiled child, now if you want the candle back, you give me the power I ask for,” Aiden said. 
“It’s a candle, I can get more,” the man said. 
“This candle is special, I don’t know why, but it’s brought you forth twice now. This thing has power and you want it back.”
“I don’t want it back, I just don’t want you to have it,” the man said. “To me it’s just another candle, to you it’s the Holy Grail of death.”
“Are you saying the power is in the candle? I’ve had it all along and didn’t know it?” 
“No, you’re saying that, not me.”
“Then why do you want it back? If I’m too stupid to figure it out, it’s not going to do anything.” 
“Just a precaution, I don’t want you pulling me back here at your beck and call,” the man said. 
Aiden stepped away from the man in black and looked for anything he could use as a weapon.
“What? Are you going to hurt an old man?” the man asked. 
“Leave,” Aiden said. “Get out of my house.”
“If I leave, you’ll never learn the secret to unleash the power.”
“I have a pretty good idea,” Aiden said. “Use the candle to fuck a Sister or a virgin and it conjures you, I think I can figure out the rest on my own. Now get out!”
The man in black stepped out of the studio and faded into the background. It was like he wasn’t even there. 
Chapter 8
Uncontrollable Power

The next day Aiden checked his email and waited for a response from his main distributer. What he found shocked and surprised him, it was an email that read, “Due to economic conditions, our company is no longer purchasing content from independent content creators and contractors. We are sorry for any inconvenience that may cause. We thank you for the service you have provided in the past.” and was signed by someone Aiden didn’t recognize.
Instantly a hot flash ran through Aiden’s body as he had a panic attack. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever think this would happen. He had two other distributors he used, but only on a hit and miss basis. Then he noticed another email a few down the list from one of those other companies. He clicked on it and read the note, “Dear content provider, due to low sales and the struggling economy, Jall Productions LLC is no longer in business and will no longer be taking video submissions. Thank you, A. Robinson Director of Web Development.” It was short, and to the point. 
Aiden swallowed hard realizing he had just paid out around fifteen hundred dollars in the last week to three girls and may not be able to sell any of his work. He did the math in his head and figured he had about three hundred dollars in his checking account and didn’t get paid from the bar for two weeks. 
Instantly Aiden broke into a sweat and looked up the number for his third distributer. He clicked his mouse until he found what he was looking for and pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number. 
The phone rang and a nice woman answered the phone, “Hello, this is Advantage Modeling LLC, may I direct your call?”
“Yes, I need to speak to Ryan Castle in marketing please,” Aiden replied. 
“One moment,” the woman said and the call was transferred. 
A moment later, a man answered the phone, “This is Ryan Castle, and may I help you?”
“Yes Ryan, this is Aiden Fisk.”
“Oh hi Aiden,” Ryan said. “I don’t think we’ve ever spoke over the phone before.”
“No, usually through email,” Aiden said. “Hey, Sorry to get right to the point, but I have a question for you. I got two emails from two other distributors I sell videos too and they both had really bad news.”
“Are you talking about Jall Productions and New Line Porn?”
“Yes, how did you know?” Aiden asked. 
“Yeah, we got hit pretty bad as well, two new tube sites opened up giving away a ton of free shit. All of our sales have gone to hell.”
“But you’re still going right?” Aiden asked. 
“Yes, but we are changing the way we do things now, we are moving all our production in house so we can save money. I know that’s not what you want to hear, but it’s either that or put twenty five people out of work.”
Aiden slumped in his chair and shook his head. “This can’t be happening, I just shot three girls in the last week and have around fifteen hundred invested. I need to recoup that money.”
“I’m sorry, I can talk to the owner, he might pay you a third of that, but that’s a long shot,” Ryan said. 
“A third? Holy fuck, if I’d of known what was going on, I wouldn’t have done the shoots. Now what the hell am I going to do?”
“I don’t know what to tell you, that’s the life of an independent contractor. It’s all speculative. You were making some good money for a while weren’t you?”
“Yeah, I was, so now I have ten thousand dollars’ worth of video and camera equipment that isn’t making me any money.”
“Sell it, put it up on Ebay,” Ryan said. 
“Ebay? I have three hundred dollars to live on for two weeks and my rent is due.”
“Like I said, I’ll talk to the owner, we might be able to get you three hundred for the shoots you have. Ok?”
Aiden paused and wiped the sweat off his forehead. Shaken, he replied, “Yeah, go ahead, see what you can do.”
Aiden said goodbye and leaned back in his chair. He was beyond fucked and the only income he could rely on was at the bar and he had just finished pissing his boss off a week earlier. Now he would have to kiss Randy’s ass for an advancement and apologize for being such a jerk to him. Now he was in the same boat as the girls he took advantage of. 

Later that evening, Aiden walked into Randy's office sort of sullen and withdrawn. Randy was sitting at the computer when he noticed Aiden walk in. “Hey, what’s up?” Randy asked. 
“Oh nothing, I just got fucked over by my distributors,” Aiden replied. 
“What do you mean?”
“Nobody’s buying my video anymore,” Aiden replied. 
“What? They don’t like your work?”
“No, it’s the economy, they can’t afford to pay people like me anymore, and they’re either doing it themselves or going out of business.”
“That sucks man, sorry to hear it,” Randy said. 
“Yeah, hey, I was wondering,” Aiden said pausing to get Randy’s reaction. 
“What?” Randy asked looking up from his chair. 
“I was wondering if I could get an advance on my paycheck.”
Randy looked hard at Aiden and could see he was not doing well. He could see sweat beading on his forehead and a nervous twitch in his eye. “What? Are you broke?” Randy asked. 
“I paid out all my extra cash on three shoots I can’t sell and my rent’s due. I have three hundred and I need four fifty, and then I won’t have any cash till payday in two weeks.”
“You told me this job was just a way to recruit girls, you acted like it didn’t mean anything to you. Hell, you threatened to leave and take all my customers away.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry for that, I was a real asshole,” Aiden said. 
“Yes you were,” Randy said. He found this a perfect opportunity to kick Aiden when he was down. “How much do you need?”
“Five hundred would get me by,” Aiden replied. 
“Then what? You’ll be in the hole when payday comes.”
“I know, but at least I’ll still have a place to live,” Aiden replied. 
“I’ll have to think about it,” Randy said. “Don’t you have any other options?”
Aiden looked at the ceiling and closed his eyes. “I could try to sell my video equipment,” 
“That’s a better idea, take it down to the pawn shop.”
“That gear is worth ten grand, the pawn shop won’t give me more than two grand.”
“How do you know?”
“I stopped there before I came here,” Aiden replied. 
“Two grand is a lot of money, it would get you by till you found another part time job,” Randy said. “And you said yourself nobody’s buying your porn anyway. You might as well get something for your investment.”
“I don’t want to sell my gear,” Aiden said. 
“Why? Are you so in love with what you do that you’re willing to hold on to it? Porn is dead, maybe ten years ago you could make a lot of money, but not anymore. The stupid fuckers are giving that shit away. Who does that? I can’t afford to give my drinks away for free.”
“Let me know about the advance, ok?” Aiden asked. 
“I can’t, sorry but I don’t keep that kind of cash available. I have bills to pay here at the bar and at home. The best I can do is maybe fifty bucks.”
“Fifty?”
“You could try that payday loan place, that would get you by,” Randy said not realizing the irony behind his statement. 
“Those places charge four hundred percent interest, are you insane?” Aiden asked pissed. 
“I know, I saw you down there trolling for girls, is that where you got your last batch?” Randy asked. 
“Yeah, I saved their asses from the payday motherfuckers, but you won’t save mine.”
“What did you make them do to earn that money? Fuck themselves with a banana? What if I told you to go stand on the bar and jack off for three hundred dollars? Would you do that?”
Aiden bit his cheek and looked at the wall. He wasn’t getting anywhere with Randy and was taking a verbal beating. “Fine, if you can advance me fifty I’ll take it,” Aiden said. 
Randy pulled out his wallet and fished out fifty dollars and handed it to Aiden. For that I expect you to stay late and clean the floors. You know where the mop and bucket is.”
Aiden put the money in his wallet and went back to the bar to start his shift. It was early and the bar was empty, except for one man sitting at the end dressed in black wearing a priest collar. It was the old man, the demon, waiting to talk to him. 

“Who are you and what are you doing here?” Aiden asked the man in black. 
“My name is Asmodeus, why do you ask?” the man in black asked. 
“Ok, Asmodeus, why are you in my bar?” Aiden asked with a pissed off tone.
“This is your bar?”
“I don’t own it, but I work here,” Aiden replied. “Don’t avoid the question.”
“I came to make amends.”
“No, you came to take the candle back.”
“Keep it, the candle can no longer conjure me, I fixed that.” Asmodeus replied. “I would like to order a drink if you don’t mind. And you might want to be a bit nicer to me, your boss is watching.”
Aiden looked over at the office and saw Randy looking at him. It felt like he was under a microscope and now wouldn’t be a good time to piss off the boss. So he put on a fake smile and asked Asmodeus what he wanted to drink.”
“I’ll take whiskey,” the demon said. 
Aiden poured the drink and sat it down in front of his only customer. “What do you mean by amends?” he asked. 
“We had quite the quarrel at your place, we both lost our tempers. I may be a demon, but anger isn’t the best way to handle most situations. I was angry that you pulled me away from my business, all I wanted was the candle so you would leave me alone.”
“You want me to say I’m sorry? Fine, I’m sorry, but I don’t regret doing it, I still want the power that you granted my grandmother.”
“I didn’t grant Sister Mary any power, she was the innocent victim, I cursed Sister Anne and the priest.” Asmodeus said. 
“Why do you keep calling it a curse? Power isn’t a curse, power liberates people, and allows them to escape from the control they’re under.”
“Not all power is the same, my curse was for uncontrollable power, the kind that cannot be contained.”
“That’s what I want,” Aiden said. 
“Do you understand why I cursed the Sister and the priest? It was because they were hypocrites, they chose to serve a God and blasphemed him. They lied to serve their own needs and I punished them.”
“Isn’t that God’s job?” Aiden asked. 
“Yes, but that won’t occur for a long time, I couldn’t wait that long. That’s what we demons do, we do the dirty work of your God.”
“Does God want you to do this?” Aiden asked. 
“No, but we have free will just like you do, he may know what we’ll do before we do it, but he can’t do a damn thing about it,” Asmodeus said with a grin. 
Aiden leaned back against the counter and shook his head. “So I don’t get the power?” he asked. “I have to blaspheme God before you’ll give it to me?”
“You don’t get it do you? What you are asking for is a curse, it will cause you more harm than you will ever know, why would you want such a thing?”
“That’s like asking a smoker why they smoke, they just do,” Aiden replied. 
Asmodeus took a sip of his whiskey and set down the glass. “I usually don’t dole out curses without a good reason, and I’ve never met anyone who begged for one, so I’m tempted to grant you what you want. For the entertainment value.”
“Good, what do I have to do, sign a contract or something?”
“I don’t buy souls, that’s the realm of fantasy and fairy tales. If you want the curse, it’s yours, done deal,” Asmodeus said. 
“That’s it, I have the power?” Aiden said. 
“Yes, uncontrollable power, enjoy yourself, it won’t last long,” the man in black said. He pulled out a five dollar bill and set it on the bar. “You keep the change, you’ll be needing it.”
Aiden watched the man in black get up and leave the bar. For the first time since receiving the emails from his distributors he felt like himself, like he would be alright in some sense. He didn’t know how to use the power he was granted, but was willing and able to test it out as soon as he could. 

Chapter 9
What you wish for

Aiden felt exhilarated, and a bit cocky. He didn’t know if he really had any power, but the idea of having it was like a rush a adrenaline shooting through his body. On top of the world, he decided to test it out and walked over to the office where Randy was sitting. The bar was still empty. 
“Hey Randy, I don’t think fifty is going to do it, I need the other four fifty,” Aiden said, almost demanding. 
Randy looked at Aiden like he was nuts. “Are you serious? We had this discussion less than an hour ago, I said fifty was all I could spare.”
A bit taken aback, Aiden was surprised his new found power didn’t get him what he wanted. He wondered if the old man lied to him. “I was kidding,” Aiden said trying to act like it was a big joke. 
“Not much of a joke,” Randy replied. 
“Hey, I’m under a lot of stress right now, I’m not thinking straight.”
“I understand, now get back to the bar. I’m leaving in ten minutes,” Randy said. 
Aiden turned to go back to the bar but before he left the office, he noticed the safe which was usually locked was open, not much, and just enough that he could slip a finger between the door and the wall. He didn’t say anything to Randy, and made a mental note in his mind. 

Later, Randy came out of the office and said goodbye for the day. The bar had about three customers and was still very slow. All that Aiden could think about was the safe, he wasn’t the type that would steal, but in his mind he knew that the safe being unlocked was somehow tied to his new power. Randy never left it unlocked and now he had his chance to see if Randy noticed. 
Once he was sure Randy was out of the bar, Aiden stepped into the office and immediately checked the safe. It was still open. Peering over his shoulder first, he opened the safe and looked inside. What he found was three stacks of cash and a set of keys. Aiden reached in a pulled out the cash counting out five hundred dollars. He folded the money in his pocket and put the rest back in the safe shutting the door. Then he turned to leave and noticed a video camera pointing down at the safe, and him. It was new, he had never seen a camera in the office before. 
In a total panic, Aiden swallowed hard and looked for the recording unit attached to the camera. His mind raced back and forth not realizing that these days the camera could be hooked up to the internet and the recording device could be in Randy’s house, with a monitor on his phone. It was too late to put the money back and he was now fucked. Instantly he starting thinking of excuses as to why he would have taken the money anticipating Randy walking back into the office any second. Then it happened, the door opened and Randy entered the room.
“Give me the money and I won’t call the cops,” Randy said. 
“Knowing he was busted, Aiden pulled the cash out of his pocket and handed it to Randy.”
“And the fifty I loaned you,” Randy said pissed. 
Aiden pulled out the fifty and gave that to Randy as well.”
“You can pick up your paycheck on payday, otherwise you’re fired. I never want to see you in my bar again, you got me?”
“I got you,” Randy said defeated. “But before I go, why did you set me up?” Aiden asked. 
“I don’t know,” Randy said. And that was the truth, that wasn’t something Randy would ever do, something had changed and Aiden felt it. Uncontrollable power? Is that what that meant?
Aiden left the bar and walked to his car. Now jobless with only three hundred dollars to his name, he would soon be homeless as well. 

Three days later Aiden was atop a two story house in eighty degree heat laying shingles with an air hammer. It was the only job he thought he was qualified for that he could find at the temp job placement business. It was his first day and he was already burning up in the heat and dizzy with vertigo from the height. He was following the direction of another temp worker when his foreman pulled up in his pickup truck three hours into the shift. 
Aiden looked down at the man as he got out and thought he recognized him, but from that far up and the downward angle, it was difficult to tell. Aiden finished a row of shingles then noticed the foreman on the roof surveying the work when he approached Aiden from behind. Aiden recognized his voice before he turned around.
“How’s it going,” the foreman asked. 
Aiden spun around and faced Maddie’s father, the man who gave him back his three hundred and fifty dollars and threatened his life at the bar. 
“Holy shit,” the foreman said. “It’s you.”
Aiden stood up and faced the foreman. He felt scared to death and very vulnerable. 
“Hey,” Aiden replied. He didn’t have much else to say. 
“What are you doing here on my crew?”
“I got the job at the temp office,” Aiden replied. 
“The temp office huh? That’s fucking great.” The foreman continued to stare at Aiden expecting a smart ass answer. “Did you delete the files like I told you?”
“Yes,” Aiden replied lying his ass off. 
“You know what? Maddie’s friends found out about your little shoot, she was so upset she threatened suicide.”
Aiden stood silent. 
“Nothing to say big shot?”
Still Aiden chose to not to reply. 
The foreman took a few steps towards Aiden. “You can put that air gun down, I won’t have a pervert like you working my crew.”
Aiden kept the air gun in his hand in case he needed it for self-defense. He was two stories up, ten feet from the edge facing a man who hated his guts. 
“I said put down the air gun,” the foreman said slow and firm. 
“Back off,” Aiden said. 
“You telling me what to do? It’s not good enough to tell my daughter to stick her finger in herself, now you tell me to back off?” the foreman asked. 
“I’m asking,” Aiden replied. 
“Asking,” the foreman restated. 
“I’ll get off the roof, you just need to back away so I can get to the ladder,” Aiden said. 
The foreman stood his ground, he wasn’t going to let Aiden off so easily. 
“I took the money back, I deleted the files. I’ll even apologize, but you need to let this go,” Aiden said. 
“Don’t fuck with me boy,” the foreman said. “You took advantage of my little girl and now you’re going to pay.”
“Why are you bringing this up now? I agreed to delete the files at the bar, I did it, so let this die.”
“The bar had customers in it, if I had my way I’d of kicked your ass all over the place, but now it’s only you and me.”
Aiden looked over the edge of the roof to the ground. It made him light headed to do so, but he wanted to see where he might land if it came to push and shove. “If you come near me I’ll use this on you,” Aiden said holding the nail gun up. 
The foreman took out his cell phone and dialed a number. He spoke to one of the crew on the ground and told him to turn off the compressor and disconnect the hose. In a few minutes he heard the compressor shut off. “Try it now,” the foreman said. 
Aiden knew the air gun was worthless now and dropped it on the roof. “What are you going to do? Shove me off? There are two guys down there who’ll see everything.” 
“Not unless they’re looking up,” the foreman said. 
“So you’re just going to push me off the roof?” Aiden asked. 
“Yeah, why not?” the foreman asked. 
“Fine, try it,” Aiden said feeling he no longer had a chance to change his mind. 
With a smile on his face, the foreman took a step towards Aiden and judged his response. Aiden squatted down almost with an instinct to lower his center of gravity. He put his fingertips on the tar paper trying to balance himself. The foreman took another step and closed the distance to less than ten feet. 
“If I go over, so do you,” Aiden said. 
“I’ve been roofing thirty years and I can tell you, I’m not going anywhere, but you my friend, will be flat on your back in about a minute,” the foreman said with a smile. 
Aiden knew he had to think fast, if he stood his ground so close to the edge, the foreman could get close and push him. He figured he would grab the man’s clothes if push came to shove, but he needed to gain some distance before that happened. But before he could do anything, the foreman picked up the air gun hose and swung it at Aiden wrapping it around his midsection. Anticipating a tug, Aiden pulled back, but there was no resistance. The foreman let Aiden lose his balance and slide down the roof to the edge and fall twenty feet to the ground below. Aiden hit on his left side, flat on the ground and lost all consciousness. 

Aiden woke in the emergency room surrounded by medical personnel trying to set up a portable x ray and insert an I.V. line in his right arm. He raised his head and moved his arm disallowing the nurse from getting the needle placed. 
“Somebody hold him down,” the nurse said in a loud voice. 
Aiden jerked his arm and pushed the nurse away. “Stop,” Aiden said and sat up on the emergency room table. 
“Lay back down!” the x ray tech yelled, we need to get some shots! You probably have some broken ribs.”
Aiden shoved the x ray machine away and turned allowing his legs to dangle towards the floor. “I don’t need an x ray, I feel fine,” Aiden said. 
Then the emergency room doctor approached and stood facing Aiden. “Do you know what happened to you?” the doctor asked. 
“I fell off a roof,” Aiden replied. 
“That’s right, so let us do our job and make sure you’re not injured,” the doctor said. 
“I said I’m fine,” Aiden said and stood up off the table. 
“Sit back down or I’ll have you restrained!”
Aiden pushed the doctor out of his way and walked to the doorway of the emergency room. He stepped into the hallway and felt a hand grab his arm. He yanked it away and darted down the hallway to the nearest door he could find and ran out of the hospital into the parking lot. Now he was lost, and had no transportation. Hearing voices behind him, he took off running into the residential area away from the hospital to get away from whoever might be chasing him. 
To his amazement, he felt no pain and could remember what happened on the roof like it just happened. Was this the power he was granted? The fall would have severely injured or even killed most anyone, but somehow he managed to walk away with not a single scratch. But his power wasn’t helping now as he had to find his way home without his car and probably would have the police looking for him soon. Was it a crime to refuse treatment? He didn’t know, but he knew he didn’t need any. 
It was getting late in the afternoon and the sun was going down when his phone rang. Thinking it was the police, he hesitated to answer it, but the number that came up looked more like one he recognized as one of the distributors he used to sell porn. 
“Hello,” Aiden answered. 
“Aiden, this is Ryan Castle, we spoke on the phone a few days ago about buying some content from you.”
“Oh, yeah, thanks for getting back to me, what did you guys decide?”
“Well, we have some good news, good news if you’re willing to relocate that is.”
“What do you mean?” Aiden asked. 
“Out in house producer quit and we’re looking to replace him. My boss likes your style and thinks you’d make a good addition to our team. “
. 
Chapter 10
School girls

Two weeks later and two hundred miles away, Aiden took the job as the in house producer for Advantage Modeling LLC. Down to his last nickel, the company allowed him to live in the production warehouse in a room next to his office. With budgets cut severely, he was only allowed two thousand dollars a week to recruit and shoot a minimum of six new models a week for the website. 
Today Aiden put up flyers on the public billboard at the university food court when a man approached from the rear and spoke up. “What are you doing?” the man asked. 
Aiden turned around a saw a tall man with a beard reading his flyer. On the man’s shirt it read University Christian ministries. 
“I’m looking for models,” Aiden said knowing he was in for a fight. 
“Models? What kind of models? From the looks of your flyer, it looks like you’re hiring prostitutes.”
“I’m trying to get some students some work, you know how it is.”
“Yeah, I know how it is,” the man replied. “I think you’d best be taking your poster down.”
“This is a public board, I can post what I want,” Aiden said. 
“Within reason, this is a public funded university, there are rules.”
“As long as the board says public, I can post what I want,” Aiden said. 
“No you can’t,” the man replied. “You can’t post pictures of nude women on the board.”
“I’m not posting pictures of nude women, I’m advertising for models.”
The man leaned in and looked over his glasses and read. “It says “Looking for women who would like to work in the adult film industry. That’s basically the same thing.”
“No it’s not, I represent a company that hires models, what the models do is none of your business. The flyer has no pictures on it. It’s just a job advertisement.”
“So is standing on a street corner in a mini skirt and hooker heels,” the man said. 
“I’m not going to argue with you, I have the right to post my flyer on a public board and you can’t stop me.”
The man stepped back and pulled out his phone. 
“You think you’re going to scare me?” Aiden asked. 
The man paused and said, “I’m good friends with the chancellor of the university. Let me get his opinion on this.”
Aiden didn’t know if this guy was bluffing or not, but he wasn’t going to let him bully him. His livelihood was no tied to recruiting girls for the porn site and if he didn’t produce any, or enough, he would be replaced. 
“The man hung up the phone and said, “Campus security is on the way.”
“For what? I didn’t do anything wrong!”
“Are you a student here?” the man asked.
Aiden paused and looked away trying to think. He couldn’t think of a snappy smart comeback and shook his head no. “If you want to place and ad for a job, you can go to the student services office and place your ad there. They are the ones who help students get jobs. You can’t post flyers here, this is for public information.”
“Fine, I’ll go there,” Aiden said lying through his teeth. He stepped away leaving his flyer tacked to the public bulletin board as he continued towards the stairs that led to the main floor. As he walked away, he turned and watched the man take down his flyer and wad it up in a ball. 
“Fucker,” Aiden said under his breath. “Uncontrollable power my ass.”
Before Aiden could get to the stairs, a young woman approached and stopped him with her hand out. Aiden handed her a flyer and watched her read it. 
“I know a girl that you could ask,” the woman said. 
“Oh really? Who?” Aiden asked back. 
“A friend of my dorm mate, her name is Tricia Parks, she’s a real slut.”
“Do you get along with her?” Aiden asked. 
“Oh sure, she’s lots of fun, and she’ll fuck anyone. She’s an attention whore.”
“Do you think you could hook me up with her?” Aiden asked. 
“Yeah, no problem, how do I get ahold of you?”
“It’s on the bottom of the flyer, my phone number is next to my email address,” Aiden replied. “If she shoots, I’ll pay you a fifty dollar finder’s fee, and the same for any other girls you can find.”
“Really? Fifty bucks?” the woman asked. “I know a few others who might be interested.”
“Awesome, I need about six girls by the end of the week, I pay cash and they have to be eighteen or older, all the information is at the web address next to my email.”
“Cool, how much does it pay?” 
“Two hundred for a twenty minute video, and some still pictures.”
“What does she have to do in the video?”
“Have you seen any porn online?” Aiden asked. 
“Yeah, who hasn’t?”
“I don’t want to get into it here in here in public, never know who might be listening, but go to that website and take a look at what’s posted. I need content just like that.”
The girl pulled out her cellphone to Aiden’s surprise and typed in the web address. In a moment the front page popped up showing a girl fingering another girl on a couch. “Oh, yeah, that’s what I figured. I bet I could get you at least three girls by Friday. That will be one hundred and fifty dollars for me right?”
“Yes, one hundred and fifty, if they complete the video.”
“Awesome, can I take another flyer?” she asked holding out her hand. 
Aiden handed her another flyer and watched her walk to the food court. Maybe today wasn’t such a bad day after all. 

Friday came and Aiden waited with anticipation to see if any of the girls he was expecting would show. He was relying on a third party to recruit which mean a high possibility of girls flaking. He needed to produce new content for his company or risk losing his job. He used to be able to offer more money and didn’t know if two hundred a shoot would be enough to lure girls in. Plus he never recruited at a university before, he was used to picking them up in bars. It was a totally different demographic. Then he heard a knock on the door and almost jumped out of his office chair. He got up and answered the door and to his surprise a group of about eight girls stood outside with his contact standing in front. 
“Hi,” Aiden said. “Looks like you found me some talent.”
“Yes I did,” she said. 
“Come on in,” Aiden said making room for the girls to step into his office. “I’m so rude, I never got your name.”
“Stephanie Andrews, but everyone calls me Steph,” Steph said. 
“Great, I don’t have enough chairs for everyone, so let’s go to the studio, there’s more room in there.” Aiden said leading the girls out the other door. 
The warehouse was a large building remodeled into a video and photo studio complete with a bedroom and living room set. Two very nice expensive video cameras set atop tripods facing the sets with photo flash units off to the side. The room had large windows that let in lots of natural light and made for great daytime shooting. The windows were covered with an opaque white film that kept the room private. 
“Ok,” Aiden said. “Did all of you get a chance to look at the website?” Aiden asked. 
“Yeah, it’s sort of like “Girls Gone Wild,” one of the girls spoke up.”
“Yeah, but we don’t shoot frat parties, we do all of our shooting here in this studio. We like to have more control over what we’re doing,” Aiden said. “Have any of you ever shot adult material before? “ Aiden asked. 
No one said a word. 
“Ok, I’ve given this speech a zillion times so I feel like a broken record, but I need to tell you what I’m looking for. I need girls to do solo masturbation or lesbian video shoots. The solo masturbation shoots pay two hundred dollars for twenty minutes of video plus a short still photo shoot. The lesbian shoots pay three hundred for the same. I need to have model releases signed and proof of age. You must be eighteen or older.”
Aiden expected half of the girls to walk out immediately but none moved. 
“After the shoot, you will be paid in cash and will sign a receipt. Any questions?” Aiden asked. 
One girl raised her hand, “Is there a chance we could do more than one video?”
“Sure, I suppose. The company is looking for fresh faces, but I don’t see why we couldn’t shoot more than one video. Why do you ask?”
“I’m trying to find a part time job and the only things available are phone sales or stripping downtown. I thought about stripping but I refuse to be a telemarketer. I hate those fuckers.”
“I don’t blame you,” Aiden said. “Do you have time today to shoot? I’m behind on production and could use a few in the can.”
“Sure,” she said. 
“Is there anyone else who would like to shoot today?” Aiden asked. 
All of the girl’s hands raised at once. It was like Aiden had hit the jackpot. Now he had more girls than he knew what to do with. He did the math in his head and figured he needed sixteen hundred dollars to pay the talent and another four hundred to pay the finder’s fee to Steph. That was the two grand he had in his budget for this week. 
“Ok, who wants to go first?” Aiden asked
“Can we do it all at the same time?” one girl asked. 
“What do you mean?”
“We could do a gang bang on the bed, shoot us for twenty minutes.”
Aiden thought about what she had said. “What do the rest of you think?”
The other girls agreed and none of them opposed the idea at all. 
“I think that would work, but I needed twenty minutes per girl, so I really need two hours’ worth of video to cut up into twenty minute segments.”
“We can’t fuck each other for that long,” the girl replied. “I’d be sore.”
“Well, what if we broke it up into groups of four, each video could be an hour,” Aiden said. “Then I could cut it up into fifteen minute segments.”
The girls nodded, almost in unison. 
“Ok, I don’t know how you want to do this so if you could get into groups of four we can get started.”
The girls separated almost by instinct into two groups of four and waited for Aiden’s direction. 
“Ok,” he said looking at the group closer to the bedroom set. “You four stand by the bed and get ready. The other group can stand behind the camera and watch.”
Aiden walked the girls over to the bed and stood near the foot of the bed so he could give direction. “How about we do some sort of slumber party set up. Three of you can walk into the room, and one of you can be in bed. Once you’re all together, you can make up some bullshit about doing a sleepover and then start stripping. Maybe start some sex party game and then make out with each other. From there you can go down on each other and what not.”
“What not?” one of the girls said with a giggle. 
“After all the shoots I’ve done, you’d think I’d be used to speaking with the talent, but it always gets awkward. So how does that sound?” he asked the group of four. The girls agreed and Aiden picked one to be in the bed to start the shot. He asked to her undress and get ready. “Ok, just make small talk and don’t take too long getting undressed. I need to have you having sex within the first five minutes. 
Aiden stepped back to the control board and hit the record button. He checked both video cameras to make sure they were framed well and yelled, “Action.”
From the sides of the set, the other three girls approached and began talking to the fourth girl who was lying on the bed under the covers. They followed Aiden’s direction well and within the first five minutes all four were nude and rolling over each other licking and sucking on each other. It felt good to be back on the horse and Aiden could feel his dick getting rock solid.  He also noticed the other group of girls getting into the action like they couldn’t wait to get on the bed themselves. There’s nothing like a little girl on girl action to make the world go round he thought to himself, and today the world was spinning. 


Chapter 11
3 months later

Eight in the morning Aiden unlocked his office door and found a note on his desk from Ryan telling him to come to his office as soon as he got there. A bit worried, Aiden left his office and walked down the hall to Ryan’s office where he found his boss behind his desk and another man he didn’t recognize sitting in a chair next to him looking at his computer monitor. 
“You wanted to see me?” Aiden asked. 
“Have a seat,” Ryan said and Aiden sat down. “I want you to meet the president of the company, Eric Schultz.”
Aiden reached out and shook Eric’s hand and sat down in an empty chair. “What’s up?” Aiden asked. 
“Eric wanted to have a meeting,” Ryan said. “He has some ideas about the company, and I’m sorry to say, some bad news.”
“What’s going on?” Aiden asked sitting on the edge of his chair. 
Eric spoke up, “Our income is down for the sixth month in a row. New subscribers are down fifteen percent and we’ve lost twenty percent of our regular subscribers. We can’t maintain this kind of loss.” Eric said. 
“What are you saying? I’ve been working my ass off trying to hire models with a budget so low that it’s almost impossible to get anyone. I mean, two hundred a shoot? Most of the girls look at me like I’m joking.”
“I know,” Eric said, “It’s not your fault, it’s all the cheap content from the Eastern Europeans. Those girls will do porn for ten cents on the dollar what we pay here. We can’t compete. American girls think porn pays but they don’t know the reality. And most of those European girls look American.”
“Until they open their mouths and talk,” Ryan joked trying to lighten the mood in the room. 
“So what are you saying?” Aiden asked. 
“I don’t think we can maintain an in house production division. The costs are too high. If we’re going to remain profitable, we need to buy our content from these European producers. I’ve been in contact with two different content providers and I can get all kinds of video content for pennies compared to what I’m paying now.”
“Are you firing me?” Aiden asked. 
“I don’t have any options, the two thousand I give you a week could fund us for six months if I buy my content overseas,” Eric said. 
“I’ve only been here three months, you haven’t given me a chance,” Aiden pleaded. 
“In those three months we’ve lost twenty thousand dollars in revenue. I can’t maintain that kind of loss. If I did, we’d all be out of work.”
“I moved down here for this job, I don’t know anyone, what am I supposed to do?” Aiden asked. 
“Sorry, I don’t know,” Eric answered. 
Aiden felt the sweat drip from his forehead and a hot flash shoot through his body as he had another panic attack. He tried to think clearly but all was a fog as he stared at Eric like a deer caught in the headlights. Then he had an idea, “Is there any other positions open in the company?”
Eric shook his head no. “We’ve laid off almost a third of our staff and the rest are picking up the extra load. I can’t hire you, it wouldn’t be right to those I let go. You’re skill is in video production and that’s not what I need.”
“What do you need?” Aiden asked. 
“I need subscribers, and there isn’t a job title for that.”
“You need marketing,” Aiden said. 
“Yes, I suppose you could call it that.”
“Give me a chance, I can come up with something new, something unique that will bring back the subscribers.”
“Like what? Everything in porn that can be done has. I can find videos of women fucking horses. I can find midgets doing a sorority gangbang. What can you bring that’s new and different?” Eric asked. 
Aiden sat and thought for a second, his whole life was on the line waiting for the best idea he could think of. He was on the spot and was determined not to leave the office without a job. Then an idea hit him. “What you need is a superstar, someone the public will come back to time after time.”
“Like a porn star? That’s been done over and over,” Eric said. 
“Not just any porn star, someone over the top, a super star.”
“And just how do you plan on doing this?” Eric asked. 
“I’ll find a girl, and we’ll put together a plan, do a bunch of publicity stunts, get her in the news. We’ll make her so famous that this place will be back on the map.”
“You’d need a pretty outgoing girl for that,” Ryan chimed in. “Do you have someone in mind?
“Yes,” Aiden said lying to Ryan. He’d have to come up with someone later. 
“Who?” Eric said. 
Aiden scrambled for an answer and couldn’t think of one. “I don’t know, sorry, I’ll have to find someone.”
“Why did you say yes?” Eric asked. 
“I don’t want to lose my job, you know what it’s like to get called into your boss’s office at eight in the morning and be told you're no longer needed? I’m sorry, I didn’t want to come off like I couldn’t come up with a plan.”
“I appreciate your honesty Aiden, and I do like your idea. If you can find the right girl. But for now our payroll is rock bottom, I don’t know if I can keep you on while you search for this porn star.”
”Fuck, I’ll clean bathrooms in the meantime, just give me a chance. If I can’t find a girl in a month, I’ll leave.”
“I might be able to keep you for two weeks, that’s about it, if you can’t find this girl, and get her promoted and making money, I’ll have to start buying my content from Europe. Actually, I plan to start that today, as of now the in house production is closed down and your budget is solely for your new project. You have three thousand dollars to get your girl and get rolling. You have two weeks.”
“Thank you,” Aiden said wiping the sweat from his brow. He stood up and shook Eric’s hand and left the office. As he made his way down the hall he noticed two men in suits talking to the secretary that he didn’t recognize. It was rare that anyone new came into the office. 
“Aiden,” the secretary called out. 
Aiden stopped and walked over to the secretary and the two men. “Yes,” he said. 
“These two men want to talk to you,” she said. 
“Are you Aiden Fisk?” one of the men asked turning to face Aiden.
“Yes,” Aiden replied. 
“I’m Officer Jack Brown, this is my partner Brandon Scott, we have some questions we’d like to ask you, do you have time?”
Shocked, Aiden again began to sweat and shake. “Questions about what?” 
“If you don’t mind, we’d like to ask you down at the station,” Officer Brown said. 
“This sounds like an episode of “Law and Order.” No, I’m not going down to the station, if you have questions, you can ask me here.”
“That’s fine,” Brown replied. “Do you have someplace private we can talk?”
“Yeah, my office,” Aiden replied and led the men down the hall.

Once in his office, the two officers sat down across from Aiden’s desk. Both men had yellow writing pads and Officer Scott had a manila envelope in his hand. “So what’s this about?” Aiden asked. 
“Did you know a woman named Angie Platt?” Brown asked. 
“Not personally, she was one of the girls I hired,” Aiden replied. 
“Hired?”
“I work here, this the production part of Advantage Modeling LLC. I hire the models and do all the video and still photo work.”
“How many girls do you hire here?”
“I’ve been here three months, and I average about three a week,” Aiden replied. 
Both officers wrote down what Aiden said. 
“How long ago did you hire the Platt girl?” Officer Scott asked. 
“The end of last month I think,” Aiden replied. 
“You keep records right?” Scott asked. 
“Religiously.”
“Can I take a look at your records?”
“Why? Do I need a lawyer or something? What’s going on?”
Officer Scott opened the manila envelope and slid out an eight by ten color photo and laid it on Aiden’s desk. In the photo was a dead nude girl lying on the ground with obvious bruising around her neck and arms. “Do you recognize her?” Scott asked. 
Aiden looked at the picture and swallowed hard. He became stiff and evasive. “Sort of, she looks bad.”
“Yes, she does, when was the last time you saw her?”
“At the time of the shoot,” Aiden replied. 
“Where was the location of the shoot?”
“I shot her out at an abandoned farm house.”
“Do you know the address?”
“No, I found it driving around looking for locations.”
“Did you get permission from the owner to shoot there?”
Aiden knew he was fucked now. He never thought anyone would care where he shot, the place was abandoned. “No,” he replied.
“We need to know the location,” Officer Scott said. 
“Why?” Aiden asked. 
Officer Scott laid out another picture on the desk, it was one of the photo’s Aiden had taken at the porn shoot. “Based on what we can see in this picture, we believe this is the same location her body was found. Which means you’re the only person we know who has been there besides Miss Platt. That makes you our only suspect.”
“She was alive when I left the shoot. I paid her and she signed the receipt.” 
“Can we see the paperwork?”
“Do you have a warrant?” 
“No, but I will by the end of the day,” Scott replied. 
Aiden reached over to his filing cabinet and pulled out the paid receipts file. He fished out the file for Angie Platt and laid it on the desk. “There you go, take a picture if you want.”
Both officers leaned in and took a look at the form. It was signed by Aiden and Platt both. Officer Brown used his phone to take a picture and saved it. 
“There you go, you can see it was dated for last month. When did you find her body?” Aiden asked. 
“Three days ago,” Scott replied. 
“Three days ago, well there you go, obviously we have a time discrepancy. You have nothing that ties me to her other than a photo shoot. Maybe she wanted to show her boyfriend where her pictures were taken, got pissed and killed her. Just because the location is the same means nothing.”
“There were only one set of footprints at the scene, and one set of tire tracks. If there were another person, there should have been more.”
“I don’t believe you,” Aiden replied. “And I don’t care. If you have proof, arrest me, otherwise, we’re done.”
The two officers stood up and gathered the pictures from the desk. Officer Scott placed the photos back in the manila envelope and closed it. “We’ll be in touch,” Scott said walking to the door. 
“You know where I work,” Aiden replied. 
“Yeah, and it’s fucking sick if you ask me.”
“Pays my bills, don’t knock it, at least I have a job and pay my taxes.”
“Yeah, on the backs of innocent girls,” Scott said. 

Chapter 12
Asmodeus

Aiden left the office and headed to his car when he noticed a man leaning on the car next to it. The man was wearing a dark suit and looked very familiar. As he got closer, he recognized the man as Asmodeus, the demon who granted Aiden his uncontrollable power. 
“What are you doing here?” Aiden asked. 
“Waiting for you,” Asmodeus replied. 
“How did you know I would be here?”
“It was easy.”
“I guess it doesn’t matter anyway, what do you want?” Aiden asked. 
“I wanted to follow up, to see how you were doing,” Asmodeus replied. “See how power has changed you.”
“I wouldn’t know, I don’t feel like I have any power, nothing’s really changed.”
“Nothing? You have this dream job, you get to do what you love for a living, before that you were nailing shingles on a roof in the hot sun.”
“Are you saying this so called dream job came about because of some power you granted me? I’m two weeks from losing this shit job. If I had power I’d be running this place, not scrambling for a way to keep my job.”
“Where are you going now?” Asmodeus asked. 
“I need to start looking for a girl to promote, make a pornstar out of her.”
“Mind if I ride along?” Asmodeus asked. 
“No, get in,” Aiden replied and both men got in the car. Aiden pulled out of the parking lot and drove onto the street heading downtown. 
“Where do you plan to find this pornstar?” Asmodeus asked. 
“Fuck I don’t know, I was scrambling for a way to keep my job as long as I could. I got three thousand dollars and two weeks to come up with a ringer or I’m back on the roof pounding shingles. You have any ideas?”
“No, but I have confidence in you.”
“That’s heartwarming,” Aiden said turning left at the light. 
“I see you had some visitors today,” Asmodeus said. 
Aiden looked at the demon and back to the road. “How do you know about that?”
“I saw them pull up.”
“They could have been there to see anybody.”
“You need to understand something, I’m not just anybody, I’m a demon, I have access.”
“Yeah, well I did have a few visitors, I suppose you know why there were there.”
“Yes I do, how did your conversation turn out?” Asmodeus asked. 
“You tell me, you’re the one with access,” Aiden replied. 
“Now that’s no fun, I came to have a conversation with you, I want you to tell me how you felt, how your conversation made you feel.”
“Like shit, what do you think?” Aiden replied. “Fuck, I don’t know where I’m going.”
“Just keep driving, it will come to you, now tell me what you’re feeling right now.”
“I feel stressed and sick to my stomach,” Aiden replied. 
“Why do you feel stressed?”
“Because those cops accused me of killing one of my models!” Aiden snapped back. 
“So why not confess?”
“Because I don’t want to go to the gas chamber dumb ass!” Aiden replied. 
“So you admit you did it.”
“No shit, you seem to know everything anyway, why lie to you?” Aiden replied. 
“What are you going to do about it?”
“Nothing, they have no proof.”
“They have your footprints, and no other besides hers.”
“The killer wore the same kind of shoes I do.”
“And size?” 
“Yes, what a fucking coincidence,” Aiden replied. 
“Seems like they have you.”
“No, they don’t, we went back to do another shoot and I wanted to fuck her, she said no so I killed her. End of story.”
“They will find your DNA all over the place,” Asmodeus replied. 
“No shit, I shot her pictures there three weeks ago, my DNA should be all over the place. They got nothing, I didn’t rape her, there isn’t any semen, she didn’t even lay a finger on me, I beat her with a broken fence post I found at the farm. I got home, took a shower, and washed my clothes twice, with bleach. What about this strip club?” Aiden asked as he drove by the mall. “I bet I could find a pornstar there.”
“If you didn’t touch her, why bother to take a shower and wash your clothes?”
“Felt like the right thing to do, now what about this strip club?”
“Pull in and find a girl,” Asmodeus said. “But your best bet won’t be in a strip club, your best bet will be a girl you never thought would do the kind of work you need.”
“I know, these strippers, they don’t do porn well, they come from a different mindset. It’s all about the tips to them, and most of them won’t do anything besides dancing.”
“Then where should we go?” Asmodeus asked. 
“I used to find girls at the bar, maybe I should find one,” Aiden replied. “But that’s not going to work at nine thirty in the morning.”
“Probably not,” Asmodeus replied with a grin. “I have another question, why didn’t you try to hide her body?”
“It was an abandon farm, I didn’t think anyone would ever find her.”
“Chances are you’re right, but there’s always some damn hiker out there somewhere finding a body,” Asmodeus said. 
“Is that what happened? Was it a hiker?”
“Yes,” Asmodeus replied. 
“Well, too late now, I’m not going to worry about it, like I said, they got nothing on me, they know I shot her pics there three weeks ago so it’s not like I’m claiming I was never there.”
“Question is, did anyone see you there taking pictures the second time?”
“What do you mean?”
“It may have been abandon, but that doesn’t mean people don’t notice when cars come around they don’t recognize and pull into the property.”
“Are you saying someone saw me there?”
Asmodeus didn’t answer, he watched the scenery go by as they drove downtown. 
“I asked you a question, did anyone see me there the second time?”
“I think we’ve talked enough, can you drop me off at the corner?” Asmodeus asked. 
“No! You tell me first!”
“I have nothing else to say, please stop the car.”
Aiden pulled up to the stop sign and slid on through not allowing Asmodeus to open the door and get out. 
“This won’t work, you will find out in due time. You can keep me trapped in the car all day, but I won’t answer your question.”
Aiden knew the answer to the question, what he really wanted to know was who saw him. Realizing he wasn’t going to get his answer, he pulled into a gas station and stopped the car on the lot. “Fine, get out you son of a bitch.”
“No need for name calling, I’ll be in touch,” Asmodeus said opening his door. “You concentrate on finding your pornstar. That will ease your mind,” and Asmodeus got out and shut the door. 
Frustrated and pissed, Aiden pulled back out onto the street and left Asmodeus behind. His mind was so cluttered now he couldn’t think straight, let alone look for a girl to promote. Maybe it was time to cut his losses and leave town. With the police on his ass, it was probably time to go. He had three thousand dollars in an account he could access that wouldn’t be reported stolen until he was long gone. 
His throat dry, Aiden decided to go home and think for a while. He had huge anxiety issues and tended to sweat like a pig when things went to hell. Now he had another panic attack and felt the hot flashes that went with them. 

Later that night, Aiden pulled into a restaurant about a quarter mile off the interstate. He had packed his bags and belongings and put them in the car and was on his way to destination unknown. But for now he needed to eat and this dive looked as good as any. Once inside, he sat down at a booth and waited for help. An older woman with a name tag and black slacks handed him a menu and left him to look it over. 
Well past midnight, Aiden was almost alone. He noticed a man reading a paper and sipping on coffee across the room and a young woman looking at him by the front door. Aiden looked back at the menu and didn’t notice the woman as she walked over until she was at the table. She didn’t stand long and had a seat across from Aiden. He laid his menu down and took notice of her giving her an awkward smile. 
“Hi,” Aiden said as he folded his hands over the menu. 
“Hi, where are you from?” the girl asked. 
“Kansas City, and you?” he asked. 
“I’m from all around, I don’t have a home,” she replied. Almost proud.
“Oh, so you want money?” 
“No, I need a ride,” she replied. 
Aiden looked at her like she was nuts. “I’m a grown man, out after midnight and you want a ride from me? That even creeps me out.”
“I get rides all the time, doesn’t bother me none.”
“What are you? Some sort of homeless hitch hiker? 
“I don’t plan on being homeless for long,” She replied. 
“What’s your name?” Aiden asked. 
“Brianna,” she replied. 
“So Brianna, you need a ride to your new place?”
“I don’t have a place,” she replied. 
Aiden shook his head in confusion. “Ok, explain this to me.”
“I’m like my momma, I hook up with a guy and live with him for a while, then move on,” she replied. 
“Hook up? You want to live with me?”
“Yeah, I do it all the time.”
“You said you’re homeless, can I assume you don’t have a job?” Aiden asked. 
“That’s right, I don’t have a job,” Brianna replied. 
“How do you pay rent?”
“Nobody’s ever asked me for rent before.”
Aiden paused for a moment. “Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that I did let you live with me, what would I get out of it?” Aiden asked. 
“Someone to talk too,” Brianna replied. 
Aiden tried hard to keep from laughing. “If you’re not paying rent or sucking my dick, you ain’t living with me,” Aiden said. 
“Sucking dick? Is that all guys think about?”
“Yes, and I don’t need a roommate, I’m not that lonely.”
“So you tell me, where are you going?” Brianna asked. 
“Not sure yet, I’ll send you an email when I get there.”
“Sounds like you’re homeless too. What do you do for work?” Brianna asked. 
“I’m sort of between jobs right now,” Aiden replied. “I’m going to start looking for work as soon as I get a place.”
“So you have money?”
“Enough to get me by, why? Are you packing a gun?”
“No, you want to check?” Brianna said lifting the edge of her shirt. 
“No, but I don’t need another mouth to feed right now. Unless you have something more than conversation to offer, I’ll be on my way alone after I eat.”
“I do have more to offer,” Brianna replied. “I’ll suck dick if I have too.” 
“Awesome, my own personal homeless prostitute,” Aiden said with a grin. “I suppose you want me to buy you breakfast too.”


Chapter 13
Brianna

Aiden checked into the motel next to the diner with his new found friend. She seemed like a professional tag-a-long and knew how to attach herself to someone to get what she needed. Brianna was a good looking woman, long brown hair and a set of hips that would turn any man's head. Aiden paid for the room and the two headed down the hallway with the card key. 
“Did you get a double or single bed?” Brianna asked. 
“I got a King size,” Aiden replied. 
They located the room and Aiden unlocked the door, both entered placing their bags against the wall. The room was dark and dingy and looked like it have been remodeled in nineteen seventy seven complete with wood paneling and green carpet. It had the smell of disinfectant and one large bed in the middle of the room. 
“Wow,” Brianna said, “This is really gross.”
“It was only forty bucks, I’m not complaining. We have it till eleven so we better get to bed.”
“I’m taking a shower first,” Brianna said. “And I need to wash my clothes.”
“I didn’t see a laundry.”
“I’ll wash in the tub,” Brianna said digging through her bag. She separated her clothes and tossed them into piles on the floor. Once she was done, she stripped off her clothes and added them to the piles. “I’ll be done soon if you need the shower,” she said and stepped into the bathroom. 
Aiden climbed onto the bed and grabbed the television remote from the nightstand. He turned on the television and switched through the channels until he found the local news. He wanted an update on the murder investigation of the model he had killed the week prior. He knew the cops would be looking for him and hoped he got out of town undetected. 

Later, Brianna stepped out of the bathroom wearing only a towel. Her hair was damp and a mess so she rifled through her bag looking for her brush. Once she found it she walked over to the bed and sat down. Running the brush through her hair, she said, “You want your dick sucked tonight or in the morning?”
“It is morning, two in the morning to be exact,” Aiden replied. 
“Ok, whip it out,” Brianna said. 
“I’m too tired,” Aiden replied. 
“A man turning down a blojob? Is that possible? What are you? Gay?” 
“No, I’m not gay, I just need some sleep.”
“Are you married?”
“No.”
“You never told me what you did for your last job, you did say you were between jobs.”
“I used to do porn,” Aiden replied. 
“You did porn?” Brianna asked with a smile. ‘I’d do that in a second.”
“No, I didn’t do porn, I produced porn. I worked for a company that ran a few porn sites. My job was to recruit talent and make the videos and still shots for the website.”
“That sounds fucking awesome, why did you quit?”
“Didn’t have any choice, they were phasing out the in house production and buying the content from Eastern Europe. It was cheaper. Basically I lost my job due to cheap overseas labor.”
“That sucks,” Brianna said.
“Tell me about it, I had girls banging themselves, fucking each other and all sorts of shit in my studio and I was getting paid for it. Now I’m on the road looking for whatever shit job I can find to get by. And picked up a hitchhiker along the way.” 
“I was wondering why you didn’t stare at me when I got out of the shower, Most guys would have tried to get me in bed right away. Did you fuck the girls you shot?” Brianna asked. 
“No, it wasn’t like that. It was very professional, almost business like. They’d show up, take off their clothes, I’d tape them doing their thing and then I’d pay them.”
“Then what? Ten minutes in the bathroom jacking off to release the pressure?” Brianna asked joking. 
“No, I’d lock my office door and do it there,” Aiden replied. 
“In all that time, none of the girls tried to fuck you?”
“I was only there three months, and no, none of them did. These women were there for the paycheck, they weren’t a bunch of horny bitches. They needed to pay the light bill, or pay for their kid’s school lunches for the month.”
“Oh, that’s kind of sad actually,” Brianna said. 
“It was. I heard sob story after sob story and I felt guilty most of the time. I was happy to pay them and felt like I was doing some good.”
“A pornographer with a heart, how nice,” Brianna said. 
“Yeah, just because I worked in porn doesn’t mean I’m sort of a creep. Most of my coworkers at the office were decent people. The office secretary was an awesome old lady named Alvina. Nicest person you ever met.”
Brianna unwrapped her towel and let if fall exposing her nice perky tits. “Would I make a good model?” she asked. 
Aiden looked at her tits and smiled. “I’d hire you.” 
“You’d hire anyone with two tits and a pussy,” Brianna said. 
“No, I turned down a few, not everyone makes the cut.”
“Like who? What kind of girl wouldn’t make the cut?”
“I had a girl come in covered with tattoos all over her body. Now with the way tattoos are today, you would think that would be a good thing. But in the markets we sold too, tattoos were a big no no. Most of our clients were Asian and those guys like their girls white, blonde or light colored hair, blue eyes and tattoo free. I offered her a hundred bucks and she said no.”
“I have a tattoo,” Brianna said. 
“Where?” Aiden asked. 
Brianna stood up and let the towel fall on the floor. She raised her right leg and put her foot on the bed pointing to her ankle. “Right there,” she said pointing to clover leaf tattoo on her foot. 
“I could live with that, I had some make up in the studio I could use to cover some small tattoos, so that wouldn’t have been a problem,” Aiden said. “Now that bush, that’s a problem,” he added with a chuckle. 
“What? You don’t like my hairy bush?” Brianna said looking down between her legs. 
“No, hair is out. There is a small niche for hairy women, but the majority is clean shaven or waxed.”
“That would make me look like a little girl.”
“That’s the point, hairy women are gross. Most of these guys want to fantasize about fucking a twelve year old. Shaving the pussy gives them that. Hell, I had girls in pigtails, Easter dresses and six inch heels.”
“That’s sick.”
“No, that’s payday. I can sell that shit in Japan for a mint.”
“Still sick.”
“It’s the way the world works. It’s a product that has a huge demand. And it’s legal if the girls are eighteen or older.”
“Oh, I get it, and I’d do it too if I had the chance, but it’s still sick.”
“I don’t understand you, they girls are of legal age, and they have to provide two legal forms of ID.”
“Sure, but they pretend to be twelve.”
“It’s all make believe, do you think what you see in the movies is real?” Aiden asked. 
“No, but even the thought of a twelve year old doing porn is wrong. Even if it is make believe.”
“I don’t know, maybe you’re right, but I needed a paycheck just as much as the girls did and it was legal. I wasn’t prostituting them, I wasn’t selling them drugs. Fuck, you offered me sex for food and a place to sleep. Explain that little Miss perfect.”
“I’m over twenty one, and I’m not pretending to be twelve,” Brianna replied. 
“Fine, point taken,” Aiden said. “Let’s get to bed, the sun will be up soon and I don’t want to be a cranky asshole all day.”
“I need some new clothes,” Brianna said. 
“Buy some, now turn off the lights and go to bed. Oh, and by the way, don’t think you’re going to take off with my wallet.”
“That’s not a nice thing to say.”
“I’ve known you for less than six hours, I think it’s something I need to say,” Aiden said reaching over the edge of the bed fishing through his pants. Once he found his wallet, he tucked it under his pillow for safe keeping. He kept the majority of the three thousand in cash in the trunk of his car but didn’t think he needed to tell Brianna that. 
Brianna got into bed, still nude and scooted up to Aiden putting her arm around him. She seemed to find comfort in his warm body but her damp hair bothered him. 
“Isn’t there a hair dryer in the bathroom?” Aiden asked. 
“I didn’t see one,” Brianna replied. 
“Try to keep your hair from touching me please,” Aiden said. 
“Sorry,” Brianna replied. 
Aiden tried to fall asleep, but having a strange naked woman holding him kept him awake. He was too tired to fuck her, but not tired enough to sleep. He tossed and turned and both jumbled around keeping each other awake. 
“This isn’t working,” Aiden said. 
“What do you want to do?”
“Maybe you should sleep on the floor.”
“The floor? Are you kidding?”
“I paid for the room,” Aiden said. 
“Do you know what’s on these floors?” Brianna asked rhetorically. 
“Between you talking, your wet hair and having you grope me in bed, I’ll never fall asleep.”
“Grope? That’s funny, I’ve never groped a man in my life.”
“Maybe you should have, then you’d be with someone and not sponging off me.”
Pissed, Brianna pushed Aiden away and rolled over. “Fuck you,” she said. 
“Seriously, why don’t you get a job and find a place to live?”
“I had a job, fuck off,” Brianna snapped. 
“Doing what? “Aiden asked. 
“Cleaning houses, now shut up.”
“What happened? Why did you stop?”
“Have you ever cleaned someone else’s house? Washed the shit stained underwear? Cleaned the piss off someone’s bathroom floor? It’s disgusting. And they paid minimum wage, fuckers.”
“At least you were working, instead of living off of someone else. What happened? Why aren’t you working now?”
Brianna got quiet and ignored Aiden. 
“I asked you a question.”
Brianna rolled over and sat up. “I got caught stealing! Ok! How’s that for an answer.”
“That’s awesome, you stole from the people who trusted you with their house. What did you take?” Aiden asked. 
“Cash, and jewelry, anything I could sell or pawn,” Brianna replied. 
“And how did they catch you?”
“They had some fucking Nanny cam or something. Had a camera on me the whole time.”
“So why aren’t you in jail?” Aiden asked. 
“I was dumb ass, I’ve been out for six weeks. Nobody will hire me now. Why do you think I’m staying with some asshole I just met at a diner?”
“Asshole? Get your shit and get out,” Aiden said flat. 
Brianna lifted the bed cover and slid down to Aiden’s crotch where she started giving him a blojob. She knew no man would kick a woman out with his dick in her mouth, and she was right. Aiden shut his mouth and let her do her business. At least he was getting paid. 


Chapter 14
Lincoln

That afternoon, Aiden and Brianna were a hundred and twenty miles down the interstate heading towards Lincoln Nebraska. Brianna put her bare feet up on the dash and watched the endless fields of corn pass by bored off her ass. 
“I’m hungry, buy me lunch,” Brianna said. 
“We got another eighty miles to go, and why are you telling me to buy you anything?” Aiden asked. 
“You’re my man now, you have to take care of me,” Brianna replied. 
“No, I’m not your man, you’re my hitch hiker, that’s it. When I get to Lincoln, you’re on your own.”
Upset she wasn’t getting her way, Brianna decided to play Aiden harder. “You need a woman to take care of you.”
“I think you got that backwards, you want me to take care of you.”
“It goes both ways, that’s what a relationship is all about.”
“We don’t have a relationship, I met you yesterday, make that last night.”
Brianna leaned over and ran her hand up Aiden’s hairy arm. She came in close and tried to snuggle. Aiden took notice and didn’t try to stop her, although he didn’t need another mouth to feed, he did like the attention. 
“Tell me about yourself, you’re so quiet,” Brianna said. 
“I told you I did porn,” Aiden replied. 
“Before that, where did you grow up?”
“Lincoln, that’s why I’m heading there.”
“Is your family there?”
“My mom is, and her boyfriend,” Aiden replied. 
“Are we going to visit her?”
“I plan to stop by,” Aiden replied. 
“What does she do?”
“She works at some motorcycle plant, puts motors on frames or some bullshit.”
“Are you close with your mother?” Brianna asked. 
“Not really, we talk on the phone once a month maybe.”
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“Nope,” Aiden replied. “I was unplanned, just like my mom.”
“Don’t say it like it’s a bad thing, better to be here than not.”
“Yeah, at least I don’t have it as bad as mom.”
“Why do you say that?”
“She was a rape baby, I was just a mistake.”
“Rape baby?” Brianna asked. 
“My grandmother was raped, not the sort of thing we usually talk about at Christmas if you know what I mean.”
“That’s awful!” Brianna said. “Did they catch the fucker who did it?”
“They knew who he was but he didn’t get punished. He died of cancer soon after.”
“Who was it? A family friend?”
“No, he was the priest at the church she worked. She was a Sister.”
“Now that’s really fucked up. Those people are supposed to be holy.”
“Let me tell you something, nobody’s holy. The world is full of sinners so don’t let the uniform fool you, they are just as corrupt and evil as the rest of us.”
Brianna though maybe she brought up a touchy subject and decided to back off. “I have two sisters,” Brianna said trying to change the subject. 
“Yeah, are they like you?” Aiden asked. 
“No, they’re a couple of little bitches.”
“And you’re not?” Aiden asked with a grin. 
“You think I’m a bitch?”
“No, you’re pretty cool actually.”
Brianna leaned in closer and put her hand on Aiden’s leg. She knew now she was getting to him. She didn’t know Aiden long, but she was the type that fell in love fast and hard. “When we get to Lincoln, where are we going to eat?”
“I don’t know, we have an hour to go yet,” Aiden replied. 
“Can’t we pull over at the next town and find a fast food place?”
“I want to make it to Lincoln before it gets dark. I want to hit a few places and see if I can get some leads on a job.”
“What kind of job?”
“Bartending, or bouncing. I like working in clubs,” Aiden replied. 
“Do you think you could get me a job?”
“I thought you were a professional sponge.” Aiden said. 
“I told you I used to clean houses.”
“Yeah, I’ll see what I can do. I need to get something going fast, my money won’t last long.”

For the next hour the two drove closer to Lincoln until they pulled in off the interstate and made their way to the downtown area. Lincoln was a college town, home of the Huskers and had a large downtown bar area. The perfect place for Aiden to find work. Finding a parking spot, Aiden and Brianna hit the streets and walked down the bar district looking for help wanted signs or any other hint that there might be a job available. After two hours of walking, they came up with nothing, but decided to hit a few bars to see if they could get some leads. Nothing could be better than to garner information from drunks, they are some of the most honest and willing people to talk. 
Aiden walked up to the bar and sat on a stool. Beside him sat Brianna looking at the television over the bar playing a football game with the closed caption playing. 
“What can I get you?” the bartender asked. 
“Busch light draw for me, and whatever she wants,” Aiden replied. 
“Do you have food?” Brianna asked. 
“We have chips and pretzels,” the bartender replied. 
Brianna got Aiden’s attention and asked, “You said we could get something to eat. I saw at least three places on this street.”
“I know, give me an hour, we’ll get something, I promise.”
Brianna ordered a Long Island Iced tea and sipped on it watching the game on television. It didn’t interest her in the least, but neither did the crowd at the bar. It was seven thirty and she had no idea where she’d be sleeping tonight. All she knew was she was three hours from where she was before with a guy she met twenty hours earlier. 
Getting the bartenders attention, Aiden asked, “Do you know any places around here that’s hiring?”
“Do you bartend?” the bartender asked. 
“Yeah.”
“We’re not hiring, but I think Bill’s is across the street.”
Aiden looked out the front window and saw the lit up sign saying Bill’s Tavern. “Thanks,” Aiden said and continued to sip on his drink. He turned to Brianna and said, “Here that? Bill’s across the street might be hiring, hurry up, I want to go over there.”
“I just got my drink, slow down,” Brianna replied. 
Aiden turned back to face the front window and sipped away at his drink tapping his foot on the rung of the stool he was sitting on. He was an anxious man by nature and waiting to get across the street was bugging the shit out of him. 
Just then Aiden’s phone rang. He looked down at the caller ID and it said Advantage Modeling LLC, his former employer. He was wondering how long it would take before they discovered he had skipped town with their three thousand dollars. A bit nervous at first, he ignored the call and let it go to voicemail. 
“Who was that?” Brianna asked. 
“Nobody,” Aiden replied. 
“It said Advantage Modeling, who are they?”
Aiden ignored Brianna and took another sip of his beer. He waited a bit and saw a message on his phone saying he had a new voicemail. He didn’t want to listen to it, and wanted it to go away. 
“Your phone says...”
“I know what it says, I can read,” Aiden snapped. 
“It might be important.”
Then Aiden realized that his former bosses may be able track his location with the gps on his phone. He poked and prodded the screen until he found the disable button and pushed it. “Fuck,” he said under his breath realizing it might have been too late. “We got to go,” Aiden said. He was feeling very paranoid, something that came and went with him in cycles. 
“Are you expecting the men in black or something?” Brianna asked. 
“Let’s say I didn’t just drive three hours to have my location sent out to the very people I’m hiding from. Fucking phone. I hate the damn thing.”
“Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know, but we can’t stay downtown, they’ll find us for sure.”
“You think they’ll drive up now?” Brianna asked. 
“No, but they could call somebody to come get me,” Aiden said. 
“Get you for what? What did you do?”
Nervous, Aiden got off his stool and headed for the front door. He didn’t look back to see if Brianna was behind him, he didn’t care. 
“Wait for me!” Brianna said following right behind Aiden. 
Aiden pushed the door open and headed back down the street towards his car. In his panicked state, he lost all sense of where he parked his car. His breathing accelerated and his heart pounding, he broke into a sweat and froze. 
“What’s wrong?” Brianna yelled. 
“I can’t find my fucking car!” Aiden snapped back. 
“It’s a block down the street, calm down!” she yelled. 
“I got to get out of here,” Aiden said looking down the street. “I don’t see it,” he said. 
Brianna took a few steps in the direction of the car and couldn’t see it either. Aiden took notice of her expression and said, “Do you see it?”
A bit shaken, Brianna replied, “No, I don’t, maybe I got mixed up. I’m not from around here.”
Now in a full panic attack, Aiden began to turn in circles looking for his car which held the three thousand dollars Advantage Modeling LLC wanted back. He finally found a bench and sat down trying to take deep breaths. 
“We have to find that car,” Aiden said. “It can’t be lost.”
“I’m sure it’s not, give me a chance to get my bearings,” Brianna replied. “I remember walking down this street and walking past the Mexican restaurant. I’m sure we parked that way,” she said looking hard. “Maybe somebody parked in front of your car, let me go down there and take a look.”
“I’ll go with you,” Aiden said. “If it’s gone, I need to know,” Aiden replied, standing up and taking off down the sidewalk. 
The two power walked back down the street in the direction they thought they came from. They had only walked a few blocks so the car should come into view soon. The closer they got, the more panicked Aiden became and the faster he walked until he was running down the street like a crazy person. Then he stopped. 
“Why did you stop? Brianna asked. 
Aiden turned and walked in the opposite direction not saying a word. He seemed stiff and was acting like he was trying to blend into the scenery. Something spooked him, or changed the way he was acting and Brianna had no clue what it was. 
“What’s going on?” Brianna asked. 
Aiden wouldn’t reply but kept his pace as he walked back towards the bar. 
Then Brianna noticed a car slowly drive by, almost keeping pace with them. She could see men in the car looking out the window but had no idea who they were. They didn’t stand out, and the car was nothing unusual. The only thing that seemed out of place was the way it seemed like they were watching them. Was she paranoid now? 
“What’s going on?” she shouted as she followed Aiden down the street. He didn’t reply. 


Chapter 15
Trial

At the end of the block Aiden found his escape, at least what looked like a way out. He turned to his right and ran down the side street to the alley and ditched inside hiding in the dark. Brianna followed and found him up against a brick wall in the shadow of a trash dumpster.
“Who are those guys in the car?” Brianna asked. 
“I don’t know, but I’m not letting them get me,” Aiden replied. He was paranoid. 
“Let’s find another way to your car and get out of here.”
“The car’s gone, I know it,” Aiden said. “I looked.”
“Fine, the car’s gone, but we can’t hide in this alley forever.”
“I’m just waiting till they leave, then I’m taking off.”
“Call your mom, maybe she can pick us up,” Brianna said. 
“That’s not a bad idea,” Aiden said and pulled out his phone. “But if I turn the phone back on they can locate me with the gps.”
“Not if you turn the gps off.”
“In the time it takes to find the damn buttons it’ll be too late. I’ll wait an hour or so and just walk away.”
Then a car pulled into the alley and stopped. Aiden took a long hard look at the windshield but couldn’t make out any faces. Then he heard another car pull in from the other end of the ally. He turned to see the car stop and block his way out, he was trapped from both sides. They knew he was in the alley. 
“Fuck,” Aiden said. “Now what the hell am I supposed to do?”
“Check the back doors of these buildings, one must be unlocked,” Brianna replied. 
Then they heard car doors open in unison and watched armed men dressed in military style black police gear step out. Three from each car, and on their chests were crosses imprinted in red. 
Aiden could see the men had some sort of sensor gear on their helmets and what looked like night vision goggles. The men approached Aiden and Brianna slowly, guns raised as to not spook them. 
“Step away from the dumpster!” the lead man said aloud. 
Aiden and Brianna put their hands up and stepped into the light. The armed men approached slowly, like a well-trained force ready to take on a threat.
“What do you want?” Aiden asked. 
“On the ground, hands outstretched,” the lead man commanded. 
Aiden and Brianna got down on their knees and then down face flat on the concrete. In a flash, two men from each side ran over and cuffed the two captives and hauled them back to their feet. The lead man stepped over and pulled off his goggles and looked Aiden in the eye. “What’s your name?” the man asked. 
“Fuck you,” Aiden replied. 
The man reached into Aiden’s back pocket and pulled out his wallet. He found his driver’s license and read, Aiden Fisk. “We found him, put him in the car.”
“What about me?” Brianna asked. 
The man stepped away for a moment and called on his radio. After a brief conversation, the man said, “Put her in the other car.”

Aiden was blindfolded, stuffed in a car and hauled to a distant location he didn’t know. After a short ride, he was pulled from the car and rushed inside a building. He heard the doors shut behind him. He could now feel carpet under his feet as he was led down a corridor and through two sets of doors. Once through the last set of doors, the sound in the room changed and he could tell it was a larger space. The air pressure, the smell, and the way the sound carried in the air. 
He was led twenty or so more feet by two guards and turned to his left. His blindfold was removed and what he saw shocked him. He was standing inside the gallery of a large church facing the altar. Behind the altar was a huge figure of Jesus on the cross rising thirty feet attached to the wall. In front of the altar was a man sitting on a throne flanked on each side by two other men. Both dressed in white robes and collars.
To Aiden’s right were the two armed guards that led him here, and two his left looked were two men dressed in white robes standing at a table, like lawyers. 
“What’s...?” Aiden said and was kicked to the floor by the guard standing next to him. 
“Show respect,” the guard said. “Get up.”
Aiden stood up and asked, “Where’s Brianna?”
Again Aiden was kicked. This time he didn’t fall, but it hurt like hell. 
Then Aiden heard a loud booming voice call over the church speakers. “The court shall now come to session.”
Aiden had no idea what court they were talking about. This wasn’t a courthouse, and these weren’t lawyers or a judge. 
The bishop spoke up, “You Aiden Fisk, are charged with the murder of Fr. Graaf, a servant of God and member of this church. How do you plead?”
“I don’t,” Aiden replied. “This isn’t a court, and you’re not a judge.”
“I will enter a plea of not guilty on your behalf,” the bishop stated. 
“Do whatever the fuck you want, you have no authority over me.”
“I have total authority. Now the prosecution will open with their remarks.”
One of the robed men from the table to the left stood up and walked into the common area between Aiden and the bishop. He held a sheet of paper in his hand and looked at it over his thick rimmed glasses. “The prosecution contends that the defendant, one Aiden Fisk did murder Fr. Graaf on October fifteenth of this year.  And not only did the defendant murder Fr. Graaf, he also did damage to church property and stole from the church and attempted the murder of one Bonnie Thomas. A member of the church.”
“Please call your first witness,” the bishop said. 
“The prosecution calls Bonnie Thomas to the witness stand.”
To Aiden’s shock and horror, he saw the same woman he thought he had killed at the church the night he shot the priest. She was scooting up to a makeshift witness stand in an electric wheelchair. It was the same old woman he thought he shot in the head. Now she had a thick cervical collar holding her head upright and a computer screen that could read her eye movements. 
“Miss Thomas, do you see the man that shot you in this courtroom?” the prosecuting priest asked. 
“I object!” Aiden shouted. “This is a church! Not a courtroom!”
“Overruled,” the bishop stated. “This is God’s court of law, the sooner you accept that fact, the better. Do not object to that fact again, or I will have you gagged. The witness may answer the question.
Bonnie answered through her computer monitor, “Yes,” the computer voice replied.
“Are you sure?” the prosecution asked. 
“Yes,” Bonnie replied. 
“How can you be certain?”
“I remember his face, the way he looked at me before he shot me.”
“Did you see him shoot the priest?”
“No,” Bonnie replied. 
“Had you spoken to the priest prior to being shot?”
“Yes, and he asked me to leave, he said there was a problem with the power. I did and came back when I heard shots.”
“How many shots did you hear?”
“I don’t remember, but there were more than one, more than two I think.”
“What damage did he do to you?” the prosecutor asked. 
“He shot me in the mouth, tore through my dentures and my spine. I’ve been paralyzed ever since.”
“Do you know why he shot Fr. Graaf?”
“No,” Bonnie replied. 
“Thank you, you may go,” the prosecution said. 
“Wait! Don’t I get to ask her questions?” Aiden asked. “What kind of fucked up court is this?”
The bishop gave a nod and a wave allowing Aiden to ask what he wanted. “What makes you think it was me? There are hundreds of guys my age that look similar. I want more than just I look like him. I demand proof.”
“I will never forget your face,” Bonnie said. 
“I don’t recognize yours. You’re old, like ninety something old, how well can you see?” Aiden asked. 
“Don’t mock me, I can see fine, I can see you today as well as I saw you that day, pointing that gun at my face. What kind of man shoots and old woman in a church?” Bonnie asked. 
“I don’t know, you’ll have to ask whoever shot you, because it wasn’t me!” Aiden shouted. “Unless you have physical evidence, it’s strictly an eye witness testimony and it’s well documented that eyewitness testimony is the weakest. Almost as bad as lie detector tests.”
“Please don’t badger the witness, if you have a question, ask it, otherwise let her go,” the bishop said. 
“I don’t have anything else for this blind old bitch,” Aiden said shaking his head in disgust, I do have one question for you though, if this is a court of law as you put it, why don’t I have a lawyer?”
“You didn’t ask for one,” the bishop said. 
“I didn’t know I had too, what kind of fucked up system is this? What laws do you obey?”
“We obey church law,” the bishop stated. 
“Church law? So you go by whatever fucking rules you make up? I do need a lawyer, I demand a lawyer!” Aiden shouted. 
“Fine, we will go into recess until suitable council can be found for you. We will continue with this case tomorrow at one in the afternoon.”
“You’re giving me less than twenty four hours to find a lawyer? That’s bullshit. I don’t even know any lawyers, let alone any that practice Catholic Church law.”
“We’ll provide you with a list,” the bishop stated. 
Just then the back door to the church door opened and a loud voice boomed, “I’ll represent Aiden Fisk.” The voice was that of Asmodeus, the demon himself. 
Aiden turned around and for once was glad to see someone he recognized. “I’ll take him!” Aiden shouted. 
The bishop paused to think for a moment. “I don’t think the church will recognize a demon as council,” the bishop said. 
“I know your laws, all he needs is someone with that knowledge to assist him. I won’t do anything other than guide this man to a fair and just end.”
“I may have to consult with my superiors,” the bishop said. 
“What? You're the judge, no one has a higher power than you. It’s your job to make such calls, that’s why you are the judge.”
“What are your qualifications?” the bishop asked. 
“I am versed in your law, I know it better than you. Don’t be intimidated, that’s just the nature of how I work,” Asmodeus replied. 
“I want a few minutes to think on this, in the meantime, you can’t consult with the defendant. You are remanded to the Narthex until I summon you.”
“As you wish,” Asmodeus replied and stepped back through the double doors. 
The bishop looked to Aiden. “Are you sure you want a demon to represent you? I can provide you with a list of holy men that can assist you.”
“I know this guy, I trust him, I don’t know jack about your holy men or their motives.”
“If that’s your decision then I’ll grant him as your lawyer. But be warned, he is a demon and will only serve his own purpose.”
“Why do I have the feeling you are doing the same?” Aiden said. “And I have another question, what did you do with Brianna?”
“The girl you were captured with?”
“Yes,”
“She’s being held as a character witness, don’t worry, she’s fine,” the bishop said. “We are adjourned until tomorrow.” 



Chapter 16
Escape

The next day Aiden was brought into the main hall of the church surrounded by three armed guards. He was brought to a table where Asmodeus sat waiting for him. It was one in the afternoon and everyone else was ready to proceed with the trial. 
The bishop spoke, “Now that you have representation, do you care to change you plea?”
Asmodeus stood and addressed the bishop. “The defendant pleads guilty as charged.”
Aiden stood up and yelled, “What! You can’t decide that! We didn’t even get a chance to talk before the trial.”
The bishop spoke up, “You wanted representation and you got what you asked for. The plea is guilty as charged.”
“This isn’t representation! He’s not doing what I want! I plead not guilty!”
“No, yesterday you refused to plea at all, so I entered a plea of not guilty on your behalf. Now your representative has plead guilty as charged. I’m not going to make any more amends for you, sit down.”
Aiden sat down and shook his head in disbelief. He looked up to Asmodeus who refused to look down at him. He stood there holding his hands as the dangled down. 
The bishop wrote down what Asmodeus said on his papers and addressed the court. “The defendant has plead guilty as charged to the murder of Fr. Graaf, the attempted murder of Bonnie Thomas, theft and vandalism. “
“You forgot the woman in the confessional. She was shot three times,” Asmodeus said. 
“She wasn’t Catholic, she doesn’t count.”
“Not a Catholic? Why was she in the confessional?” Asmodeus asked. 
“We don’t know, and she’s not able to answer. But since she wasn’t Catholic, our laws do not concern her.”
“That’s fucked up,” Aiden said shaking his head. 
“Not as fucked up as you will be soon,” the bishop said. 
“Why? What does your church law say about convicted murderers?” Aiden asked. 
Asmodeus spoke up, “It doesn’t matter.”
The bishop raised his head from reading his notes and said, “What do you mean it doesn’t matter?”
“This court is a sham, you can’t try this man any more than you can try a pig, a horse or a sheep. You have no legal authority. I would think God himself would think your little courtroom is a joke.”
“How would you know?” the bishop asked. 
“Have you met your God? I have, many times.”
“I pray to him every day,” the bishop said. 
“I know, I see him when he takes your calls. He shakes his head and tries not to hang up on you.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m saying your God thinks you’re a joke, a mockery of what he had in mind. He puts up with you because he said he’d never destroy the world again. I’m sure he regrets saying that on a minute by minute basis. But the fact is, even He doesn’t recognize your authority here.”
“And I’m supposed to believe a demon?” the bishop asked. 
“I don’t care who you believe,” Asmodeus said. “I’m taking my client out of here and there isn’t a damn thing you can do about it.”
The bishop signaled the armed guards to step in. Asmodeus walked over to the guard standing the closest and raised his hand covering the end of the barrel. “Shoot,” Asmodeus said.
The guard looked to the bishop and received approval to fire. The guard pulled the trigger expecting the bullet to blast through Asmodeus’s hand and his body, lodging somewhere in the wall behind him. What he saw was Asmodeus reach into his mouth and pull out the deformed bullet and toss it in the direction of the bishop. 
“Nice trick,” the bishop said. “That won’t work for your client.”
Asmodeus raised his right hand and clenched his fist. As he did, the guards bent over in agony and dropped to the floor. Their guns laying unattended by their bodies. “They can’t shoot him now can they?” Asmodeus asked. 
The bishop leaned back in his chair realizing he had no power to do anything. 
“I’ll be taking my client now, but in the future you might want to think twice before playing God in his own house. You can make all the laws you want, but unless they have the full backing of your Lord, you are performing blasphemy, and nothing pisses me off faster than frivolous abuse of power.”
Asmodeus signaled with a tip of his chin for Aiden to stand and follow. Aiden stood up and followed Asmodeus out of the main room, through the halls and out the front door. 
“Where are we going?” Aiden asked. 
“Your car is parked on the side street, we will get that first and go from there.”
“What about Brianna? Where is she?”
“Your new found friend? Out on the interstate trying to hitch a ride,” Asmodeus replied. “Does that surprise you?”
“Yes actually, I was sort of getting used to her being around.”
“Get unused to it. She needs to be gone, out of your life.”
“Why?”
“People like that are leeches, they live off your soul. If you plan to make anything of what you have left of your life, you’ll let her go.”
“Yeah, she’s a leech alright, but I sort of like her. I’d rather have her around than not.”
“What are you going to do about the girl you murdered on that photo shoot?” Asmodeus asked. 
“She’s not getting any more dead. What do you mean? “Aiden asked. 
“The police are looking for you, and not just for the murder, you also stole three thousand dollars from your former employer.”
“Thanks for reminding me, dad,” Aiden said sardonically. 
“Just saying, you have to consider that now.”
“I didn’t forget, thanks,” Aiden said. “I’m going to go look for Brianna, do you want to come?”
“No, but I do have some advice for you.”
“I’d rather not if you don’t mind, I really don’t want to get lectured at this point. I just want to find Brianna and start over.”
“Start over?” Asmodeus asked with a grin. “You’ve murdered three people in less than three months, and have stolen property in the back of your car. The chances of you starting over are quite slim. The best you can do is to leave the country.”
“Is that your advice?” Aiden asked. 
“Partially, the other is an opportunity for you to get back on your feet financially.”
Aiden perked up when he heard Asmodeus talk about money. Murder meant little to him, but cash spoke loud. “What opportunity?”
“What was the biggest problem you had with your porn career?”
“Money,” Aiden replied. 
“More specifically.”
“I couldn’t sell my work because the porn houses couldn’t afford my work. The girls wanted way more than the European girls did.”
“Exactly, and I have a way to fix that,” Asmodeus said. 
“How?”
“There is a huge hog operation twenty miles from here that hire immigrants from all over Eastern Europe.”
“And Mexico I bet,” Aiden said. “I can’t sell Hispanic porn to Asia, they won’t buy it.”
“Yes, they have Hispanics, but they also have many from the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. They have dormitories built to house them.”
“So what are you saying? You want me to hire Eastern European hog farm workers for porn shoots?” Aiden asked. 
“No, but their wives and daughters yes. And you can pay them as little as you want. You don’t have to travel to find your models, they are living twenty miles away. All you have to do is go find them.”
“How many girls are you talking here? Five or six?” Aiden asked. 
“They employ over three hundred people. It’s the biggest hog operation in the Midwest.
“And they’re going to let me on the property to find girls? I doubt it,” Aiden said. 
“I can’t do everything for you, I told you where the girls are, it’s your job to recruit them,” Asmodeus said. 
“Thanks, but I don’t speak Russian,” Aiden replied. 
“You don’t have to, most of them speak English as a second language. And they’re poor, very poor. Twenty dollars for a porn video would be huge to them. They would be lining their daughters up for you.”
Aiden started walking to his car followed by Asmodeus. Aiden thought hard about what Asmodeus had just said and thought it might work, with help. “Can you help me?” Aiden asked. 
“I could, but it would be best if you did it on your own.”
“I could use Brianna, I’ll need someone to do the leg work, and the girls might be more willing if they saw another female.”
“They might, I didn’t think of that,” Asmodeus said. 
“Where is Brianna, right now? I know you know.”
As they approached Aiden’s car, Asmodeus replied, “She’s at the truck stop on I-80 on the west side of Lincoln. She’s sitting in a booth trying to pick up a ride.

Aiden left Asmodeus behind and took off to the truck stop. On the way he thought about what Asmodeus had said and decided he would try to get back into porn. The main problem he had now was that he had no one to sell his work since two of his main buyers were out of business and the third probably had a warrant out for his arrest. 
But the world is a big place and there is always someone willing to pay for porn on the internet, maybe it was his time to start his own site and screw the buyers. He knew his craft, and building websites was a breeze. All he needed was to figure out the marketing and the billing part. What he needed was a business partner with some skills and a steady stream of cheap girls to exploit. 
At the truck stop, Aiden pulled in and saw Brianna through the large window sitting at a booth by herself. It was around three o’clock in the afternoon and he was hungry. Once inside the door, he turned and walked over to Brianna and sat down. 
“Hi,” Aiden said spooking her. 
“Where the hell did you come from?” Brianna asked. “They must have let you go.”
“Didn’t have much choice.”
“What happened?” 
Not wanting to disclose the double murder Aiden had to think fast. “They were some old clients I had from my last job, we had a misunderstanding. I worked it out.”
“What kind of misunderstanding?” Brianna asked. 
“They thought I owed them some money for a shoot.”
“Did you?” 
“Let’s say that still up for debate. How are you doing?” Aiden asked. 
“I’m alright, starving, but alright.”
“Hey, I’ll buy you lunch, how does that sound?”
Brianna smiled and said, “Sure, I love truck stop food, what do you want? Chips and a diet fountain soda?”
“Who says soda anymore? This isn’t nineteen twenty,” Aiden replied. 


Chapter 17
Ionna


Two weeks later Aiden rented an apartment in the small farming town of DelPort Ne. Brianna moved in with him and together they reassembled Aiden’s garage porn studio in the spare room. It was a tight fit, but it was all he needed to get started and cash was tight. Today Aiden was planning to meet with some women from the dormitory where the migrant workers were living. The building was filled almost completely with immigrants from the Ukraine who fled years ago to find a better life in America. Aiden was planning to show them a better life. 
Brianna heard a knock on the door and answered it. She was greeted by an older woman in her sixties and three younger women between twenty five and forty. None of them were particularly attractive, but it was a starting point.  “Hi, my name is Brianna,” Brianna said to the older woman, “What’s your name?”
“Ionna,” the woman replied. “This is my daughter Lavra and her two daughters Sofiyko and Klara.” 
“Come on in,” Brianna said and led the women into the living room. 
Aiden heard the voices and came in from the studio and met the women. “Hi, my name’s Aiden, I think we met,” he said to Ionna.
“Yes, I brought the girls you asked for,” Ionna said. 
“I appreciate that, have a seat.”
The women sat on the couch and Aiden and Brianna pulled up chairs from the kitchen and sat down across from them. 
Ionna, the protective grandmother spoke up first. “So you want to hire my girls as models?””
“Yes, I do,” Aiden said with a nervousness in his voice. He hadn’t told Ionna what kind of modeling he needed and had to find a gently way to explain what he wanted her granddaughters to do. 
“What do you want them to do? Fashion? You want them to pose next to a fancy care in a bikini?” Ionna asked without a smile on her face. 
“Well,” Aiden said, pausing to think of a good reply. “What I need is different. I run an adult website and I need girls to do adult modeling.”
“Adult website? What is that?” Ionna asked. 
“Let me explain. A while back I used to work for a company that took naked pictures of girls and sold them online. I now run my own site and do the same thing.”
“Naked?” Ionna asked. “Why naked?”
“Have you ever heard of porn?” Brianna chimed in?
“Yes, it’s filthy dirty sex,” Ionna replied. “You want my girls to be in your dirty sex website?”
“Yes, but I’ll pay you,” Aiden spoke up. 
“How much?”
“How does thirty dollars sound?” Aiden asked expecting to get yelled at. 
“For all three?”
“No, each,” Aiden replied. 
Ionna didn’t say a word at first thinking about what Aiden had just offered. The building they lived in was a rat hole run down former hospital turned into a dormitory. She and her family lived off the wages of her husband and her son-in-law from the hog operation and the money didn’t go far. Thirty dollars would pay for food, medicine or clothes for the babies. 
“What would my girls have to do for thirty dollars?”
“I want to make sure you understand one thing before we go on. When you say girls, I mean they have to be at least eighteen.”
“Eighteen, I understand, what do they have to do?”
“Have you ever seen porn before?”
“You mean dirty movies?”
“Yes,” Aiden replied. 
“I have seen some yes.”
“That’s basically what I need from them.”
“And who makes the movies? You?” Ionna asked. 
“Yes, I and my assistant Brianna make the movies in our studio in the back room. I can show it to you.”
“No, I believe you,” Ionna said. “How many girls do you need?”
“I could use as many as you can find,” Aiden said with a smile. He thought he hit the jackpot.
“We need money, I can get you lots of girls,” Ionna said. 
“Great, we can get started as soon as you’re ready,” Aiden said. “Do you mind if I take a look at your girls first?”
“What do you mean?”
“I’d like for them to strip, so I can see what I’m getting.”
“No problem,” Ionna said and spoke to the other three woman in Russian. They stood up and stripped off their clothes and stood nude in the center of the room. Aiden noticed right away that they all had large hairy bushy pubic hair. 
“They need to shave,” Aiden said. 
“Shave?” Ionna asked. 
“Their pubic hair?”
“I don’t understand,” Ionna said. 
Brianna stood up and pulled down her pants and panties to her knees and pointed at her crotch. “Like this,” she said. 
Ionna looked at Brianna like she was nuts, but nodded her head. “Why you want my girls to look like children?”
“It’s what sells,” Aiden said. 
“Fine, when do you want me girls to do your pictures?”
“Can you be back tonight?” Aiden asked. 
“Yes.”
“Let’s meet back here at eight o’clock. I’ll need some form of identification proving they are eighteen or older, and they will have to sign a release form. After the shoot, I’ll pay you in cash.”
“How many photos are you taking?” Ionna asked. 
“About a hundred, and there will be a video as well.”
“Video, you didn’t explain about a video.”
Frustrated, Aiden explained, “I need your girls to have sex on camera.”
“Have sex? With who? You?” Ionna asked in shock. 
“No, with themselves, with their fingers.”
“No, I don’t agree to that, you said you wanted naked models, you didn’t say anything about my girls violating themselves in a movie.”
Now Aiden was pissed, he had the deal of a lifetime and now it was gone. He didn’t have a lot of money to sweeten the pot because he needed at least twenty girls to start his new porn site. So he did the one thing he thought would work. He fished out cash out of his wallet and laid it on the coffee table. “That’s a hundred dollars,” Aiden said. “You have these three women back here tonight, making the movie I want to make and this is yours.”
Ionna looked at the money and knew she needed it desperately. She had so many things she needed to buy and that hundred would go a long way to help. “Fine, I will have my girls here tonight to do your dirty movie as you wish.”
Aiden needed to make sure they would come back, so he did something he never did and handed Ionna half the cash up front. “This is to show you I’m serious about helping your family in these harsh economic times,” Aiden said with a smile. 
Ionna took the money and stuffed it in her purse. She got up with the other women and Brianna led them to the door. 
“Don’t forget to shave,” Aiden said with a smile as he closed the door behind them. 

That evening there was a knock on the door as expected, what Aiden didn’t expect was a line out his door to the street with young women. Ionna was at the head of the line dressed in an ugly wool skirt and grey headband. “I found you girls,” Ionna said. 
Aiden shook his head and said, “I can’t shoot all these tonight, I only need about twenty altogether.” He did a quick head count and came up with over thirty women lined up down his sidewalk. “Plus, some of these women are too old, and I can see a few that look younger than eighteen. Do you have ID’s for all of them?”
“I told them to bring papers, I can’t be responsible for all of them,” Ionna replied. 
“Ok, I think we need to thin this down,” Aiden said. 
“Maybe auditions,” Brianna said peeking past Aiden at the crowd. 
“That’s a good idea.”
“What do you mean auditions? I promised all these girls thirty dollars, now you’re going back on your word?” Ionna asked pissed. 
“I have a production budget, I can’t afford to pay everyone thirty dollars. The best I can do right now is about fifteen girls, I need to cut this down in half, or more,” Aiden said. 
“You tell them,” Ionna said. 
“Do any of them speak English?” Aiden asked. 
“Most do.”
“Fine,” Aiden said and motioned for Ionna to step back so he could get out on his lawn. Once he was out on the grass, he addressed the crowd. “Hello, my name is Aiden Fisk, I’m the owner of the modeling company. I need to tell you that I only need about fifteen girls right now so I want to hold an audition to pick out who I want to hire.”
There was a grumbling in the crowd then quiet. 
“What I want to do is this. One at a time, I want you to come inside, take off your clothes and I’ll take a picture of you with my phone. I’ll write down your name and contact information. If I pick you, I’ll call you and set up a time for a shoot, ok?”
More grumbling from the crowd. “I was told I would make thirty dollars tonight!” a woman yelled. 
“Me too!” another woman yelled. 
“I’m sorry, there was a misunderstanding, I can’t hire everyone that applies. I had no idea there would be so many girls.”
Ionna motioned for Aiden to be quiet while she talked in private. “Maybe you can hire all the girls if you pay them twenty dollars each.”
The sound of that was exactly what Aiden wanted to hear. “How do I convince them? They came here expecting thirty.”
“I will talk to them, if you pay twenty, can you hire them all?”
Aiden noticed the line was getting longer, there was now almost forty women lined up. Doing the math in his head, at twenty dollars a shoot, that would be eight hundred dollars. That’s a few hundred more than he planned, and he only had what he had stolen from his last boss to finance his new venture, but maybe it was best to get it all done at once and have some inventory that would last him a few months. “Even if I pay them all twenty, I can’t shoot them all tonight. I still want them to do a test shoot and sign up for an appointment.”
“That sounds good, let me talk to them,” Ionna said. 
Aiden walked back into his house as Ionna spoke to the crowd of women. When he got inside he found Brianna setting up a spot to do the test shots. “Wow, I had no idea this would go over like this, I half expected to be strung up by some angry farmer or have a pitch fork shoved through my neck.”
“Times are tough, did you see some of these girls? They look pretty rough. I don’t think you should hire all of them.”
“No, I will hire all of them, the last thing I need is a riot on my hands. They expect to be paid and if I don’t pay one, the rest may revolt.”
“Or maybe you could pay the ugly ones ten dollars,” Brianna said. 
“And how do I break the news to them that they’re ugly?”
“I’ll do it, would sound better coming from a girl anyway, I can play the bitch.”
“Tell you what, let’s play this by ear for now and see what Ionna can do.”


Chapter 18
Oxana

Two days later Aiden is set up for his fifth shoot. He decided that it was pointless to hire every woman that came to his door so he did the auditions and picked out his favorite twelve. Today it was Oxana, a pretty brown haired girl with sexy eyes and the nicest round ass he had seen yet. Brianna helped Oxana get ready with a hair trimmer and some make up and now it was time for the shoot. 
“Oxana,” Aiden said to the nude girl. “Did the other girls tell you what I need you to do?”
“Yes,” she replied. 
“Ok, I need for you to lie down on the bed with your legs spread ok?”
Oxana nodded her head and climbed onto the bed. 
“How old are you?” Aiden asked. Brianna did the paperwork so Aiden didn’t know. 
“I am twenty four,” she replied. 
“Are you married? Any kids?”
“I have a boyfriend named Pavlo, I have no children.” 
“Is Pavlo working today?”
“Yes, he works in the feedlot with the hogs,” Oxana replied. 
“That must be a hard job,” Aiden said trying to make small talk. 
“Yes, very hard, he doesn’t come home till ten.”
“What time does he go to work?”
“He has to be there by three in the morning.”
“When does he sleep?”
“On his lunch break usually,” Oxana replied. 
“Holy shit, and I bet he works seven days a week.”
“No, five days with a half day on Saturday.”
“Well, at least he’s making money,” Aiden said. 
“Yes, but he has four children to support from his previous marriage. And he has to pay his ex-wife alimony.”
“That has to suck.”
“Yes it does, it leaves very little for him.”
“What do you do?”
“I stay at home, I tried to work at the plant, but it is too hard.”
“Then who supports you? I mean, you are twenty four,” Aiden asked. 
“I still live with my parents. That is why I took this job, to make extra money.”
“I’m only paying thirty dollars, that isn’t much,” Aiden said. 
“Still, it’s something, there are few jobs in this town other than the hog plant. I don’t want to be a burden to my family.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what, I can make you a better deal than the other girls I hired.”
“What kind of deal?”
“The other girls I hire did solo shoots, but I can pay you fifty if you do a shoot with me.”
“What do you mean with you?”
“I mean us having sex,” Aiden replied. 
“Oh no, I can’t do that. My boyfriend would kill me.”
“How would he find out?”
“He could go to the website and see the pictures,” Oxana replied. 
“You have to have a membership to see the pictures. Do you think he would pay for a membership to a porn site?” Aiden replied. 
“I know a few of the girls who are planning to get a membership, so they can see their pictures.”
Aiden thought maybe someone might get a membership, but didn’t think it would be a problem until now. “I will pay you seventy five, would that be enough?”
Oxana shook her head and looked away. She was thinking about it, seventy five dollars was a lot of money to her. “No, I can’t. If I have sex with you, he will leave me.”
Looking down at the hottest piece of ass he had seen in a long time, Aiden really wanted to nail this girl bad. If she didn’t take the money, he was going to get her anyway. “One hundred dollars, my final offer.”
Oxana closed her eyes and swallowed hard. Was one hundred dollars’ worth losing her boyfriend over? “Ok, I’ll do it,” she replied. 
“Great,” Aiden replied taking off his clothes. “Brianna, I need you to run the camera.”
Brianna felt awkward and uncomfortable. She felt like Oxana was being unfairly pressured to do something she didn’t want to do. “Are you sure about this?” Brianna asked. 
“What do you mean?” Aiden asked. 
“I don’t think she really wants to do this.”
“I’m paying her.”
“I know, but it doesn’t feel right. You don’t know if she’s on birth control or anything.”
Aiden looked down at Oxana and asked, “Are you?”
“No,” Oxana replied shaking her head and looking at the floor. 
“I can run to the store and pick up a box of condoms,” Aiden said. 
“Why don’t you just do the regular shoot?” Brianna asked. “I think that would be best for her. If you want to get laid, you can fuck me when you're done.”
“I don’t want to fuck you when I’m done, I’ve fucked you before,” Aiden snapped back. 
“What does that mean? I’m not good enough for you?” Brianna asked. 
“I want to fuck her,” Aiden said as firmly as he could muster. He was starting to get angry. “She has the hottest body I’ve seen in months.”
“What’s wrong with my body?” Brianna asked. 
“Nothing, I just want to fuck her. And I’m willing to pay for it. Now try supporting me and not sabotaging my every effort. You’re supposed to by my partner here.”
“I am, but I’m not going to stand by while you take advantage of an innocent girl,” Brianna said. 
“She’s twenty four, don’t call her a girl. She’s a woman, and she said yes.”
“She said yes because she feels pressured. She’s sitting naked, in your apartment and to her you are some authority figure with cash. You need to stop treating women like they are a sack of potatoes you bought at the store!”
“They are a sack of potatoes! Don’t you get it? Money talks. I pay, they play, and that’s it!” Aiden barked. 
Oxana slid to the end of the bed like she was going to get up. 
“Where are you going?” Aiden asked pissed. 
“I think I want to go home, I don’t want you to argue over me,” Oxana replied. 
“Wait, don’t go anywhere yet, we can work this out,” Aiden said. 
“She wants to go home, let her go,” Brianna said. 
“One fifty, how is that?” Aiden asked. 
Oxana looked up to Aiden who was pulling his wallet out. He fished out the cash and tossed it on the bed. “That’s more than five times what I’ve paid any other girl. Is that good enough?”
Oxana picked up the cash and held it in her hand. She looked at it and knew that she needed the money desperately. She slid back on the bed and spread her legs laying the cash on the nightstand. 
“That’s better,” Aiden said unzipping his pants. “Get the camera ready.”
“Fuck you, film it yourself,” Brianna said leaving the room. 
“Get the fuck back in here!” Aiden yelled. “If you don’t do what I say, I’ll kick your ass out!” Aiden heard the door slam and knew Brianna left. Now he had to do the camera work as well as fuck his model. He buttoned his pants and grabbed the tripod mounted camera and set it in the corner of the room. He turned it on and framed the shot so the whole bed would be recorded. He wouldn’t have the handheld camera he used the most, but at least he’d get what he really wanted, and that was to fuck this hot Ukrainian girl. 
Once the camera was set, Aiden hit the record button and got undressed. He climbed on the bed and mounted Oxana from the top. He came in and kissed her neck to her displeasure and scraped her with his two day old beard. 
“Stop,” Oxana said to Aiden’s dismay. 
Aiden ignored her and grabbed her right breast with his hand. He used his legs to keep hers spread and grinded his crotch into hers to maintain his erection. He knew fucking this girl would be difficult if she wasn’t aroused so he reached into the nightstand and grabbed a tube of lubricant. He spread the tip of his penis with the jell and tried to penetrate Oxana. Once he found the opening to her vagina, he shoved his penis in fast and hard. 
“Ouch!” Oxana screamed. 
“Shut the fuck up! You’re ruining the shot. I’m paying you shit if you make another sound.”
Oxana bit her lip and let Aiden do what he wanted while the camera rolled. For the next few minutes Aiden pumped in and out keeping a firm grasp on Oxana’s breast, squeezing hard enough to leave marks. 
Then Aiden heard the front door open and close. In the back of his mind he knew Brianna was back. 
“You fucking asshole!” Brianna yelled. She walked over to the camera and shoved it into the wall bouncing the tripod till it settled in a different direction. 
“What are you doing?” Aiden asked. He was on the verge of climax before Brianna showed up and how he was pissed as hell. 
“You can’t do this to women! Let her go!”
Aiden crawled off the bed and walked over to Brianna. He smacked her across the face and shoved her up against the wall. “You fucking bitch! I want you out of my place now, you got me?”
Brianna spit in Aiden’s face. 
“Oh, that was the wrong thing to do bitch,” Aiden said under his breath. He grabbed Brianna by the neck and began to choke her. 
She kicked him in the nuts sending him back to the bed writhing in pain. “Come with me,” Brianna said to Oxana. “I’ll get you out of here.”
Oxana slid towards the edge of the bed but Aiden grabbed her by the arm. “You ain’t going anywhere.”
Brianna left the room and came back with chair from the dining room. She held it up and swung it at Aiden trying to hit him in the head. Aiden took a hit to the shoulder, and another to the head before getting a grasp on one of the chair legs. For the next thirty seconds, they both tugged and pulled on the chair until Aiden lost his grip. She then pulled back and took a full force swing towards Aiden. He put up his hands to defend himself and took the brunt of the hit on his left forearm. He wasn’t able to grab the chair but felt a stinging pain that wouldn’t go away. 
“Run!” Brianna yelled to Oxana. 
Aiden stood up and grabbed the chair. He pulled the chair and kicked Brianna to the floor. Once down, he pinned her down with his knees and put his hands around her neck. He didn’t apply pressure, he just held her in place. “I told you to get the fuck out.”
“I’m not leaving,” Brianna replied. 
“You’re a leech, I don’t need you hanging around fucking up my business.”
“You can do your business without taking advantage of people. She didn’t want to fuck you, she has a boyfriend.”
“And now she has a hundred and fifty dollars. It’s called business and that’s how it works.”
“You’re one cold hearted son of a bitch,” Brianna stated. 
“I took your pathetic parasite ass on didn’t I? What did I ever get in return? A sloppy blojob once and a while? You took as much advantage of me as I did of her. You are no better than me.”
Brianna knew he had a point, and the situation she was in dictated she didn’t escalate the argument any further. She had a naked man pinning her to the floor with his hands around her neck. 
“So you will get out, pack up your shit and leave,” Aiden said. “If you don’t, I’ll pack it up for you and change the locks on the door. The lease is in my name. It doesn’t say “Leech” It says “Aiden Fisk.”


Chapter 19
The dirt path


Aiden returned to the bedroom after Brianna left. He locked the front and back door and was trying his best to calm down. He rifled through his desk and found a paid out receipt form and handed Oxana a pen. “Sign this,” he said. 
“What is this?” Oxana asked. 
“It shows I paid you for your shoot, I have all the girls sign them.”
Oxana signed the form and Aiden put it in a file folder with all the rest of his receipt forms. “Put your clothes on, we’re doing an outdoor shoot.”
“I want to go home,” Oxana said. 
“I paid you one fifty, for that we’re going outside, if you go home, I want one twenty back. I’m not paying full price if I don’t get what I want.”
“I thought that was for you to have sex with me.”
“It was, and I didn’t finish, that bitch saw to that, now get dressed before it gets too dark to shoot.”
Brianna put on her clothes and together they left the apartment and got in the car. It was a tense moment with the fight with Brianna still fresh in their minds. Aiden pulled away from the curb and headed towards the edge of town. He was going to find a secluded spot out in the country to finish what he started in his studio. This time though, he would have no distraction.
“Why were you so mean to your girlfriend?” Oxana asked. 
“She’s not my girlfriend,” Aiden replied. 
“Then why did she say she’d have sex with you?”
“That’s her way of paying rent. She’s a bum, and a prostitute as far as I’m concerned.”
“She pays her rent with sex?”
“Yep, and she isn’t that good at it either,” Aiden said with disgust. “Now that she’s gone, I can get a roommate that actually pays half the rent.”
“If she is so bad, why did you let her move in?”
Aiden had to think hard on this one. “I was stupid,” was the best he could come up with. 
“Stupid?”
“Yeah, I was lonely I guess and she was the best thing around. But she turned into a leech and ruined it all. She wanted free rent and that’s it. Played me like an idiot.”
“But doesn’t she work for you?”
“She did a few things, nothing I couldn’t do myself. I was trying to get her to not be a complete leech and help out.”
“I thought she was nice,” Oxana said. 
“She was nice, but she can’t fuck with my business. That’s crossing the line. My business was paying for the roof over her head and she fucked with that, now she can find her own fucking roof. 
Oxana watched the houses fly by and wondered where they were headed. “Where are we going?” she asked. 
“Not sure, I need to look around and find a place.”
“What are we going to do when we get there? I don’t see a camera?”
“I got my still camera in the trunk,” Aiden replied lying to her. 
Oxana felt relieved knowing that if they were taking still shots that Aiden would have to hold the camera which meant he couldn’t be having sex with her while they were being shot. “How long will this take?”
“About an hour,” Aiden replied.
The two left town and headed down a gravel road in search of some farmland with some trees they could use as cover. Oxana got quiet and decided to let Aiden look around. She had no problem taking a few more pictures, she was making a lot of cash compared to the others. 

Forty minutes later Aiden pulled off the gravel road on onto private land. The land had a large patch of trees that he could use for cover while doing the shoot. He drove over the bumpy dirt path to an area he felt was secluded enough and parked the car. “I think this will work,” he said and got out of the car. 
Oxana got out and looked around. “Where do you want me to be?”
Aiden walked around and found a patch of ground that wasn’t too rough and said, “Take off your clothes and lay there,” pointing to the spot. 
Oxana stripped nude and sad down where he said. Aiden took his clothes off and sat down beside her. Noticing he didn’t get his camera, Oxana spoke up, “Where is your camera?”
“I left it back at the apartment,” Aiden replied to her surprise. 
“How are we going to take pictures without a camera?”
“We’re not going to take any pictures,” he said with a grin.
“What do you mean?”
“I brought you out here to finish what I started back at my place. This time with no distractions.”
“You brought me out here to have sex with me?” Oxana asked. 
“Yes, so lay down so I can get started,” Aiden replied. 
“No! I won’t,” Oxana yelled. 
“Yell all you want cunt, nobody’s going to hear you out here,” Aiden snapped back pushing her onto her back. He rolled on top of her and shoved her hands to the ground. 
Oxana began to make loud sounds and squirm so Aiden brought his elbow down across her neck and pressed down enough to let her know she needed to shut up. For a while she made no noise and stopped resisting. Then when Aiden tried to penetrate her again, she got a burst of energy and started pushing him away. 
“Stop it bitch,” he said firmly, not yelling at her. 
Oxana continued to resist pushing harder and trying to roll Aiden off her. With every push and shove, Aiden put more pressure on her neck until she began to lose consciousness due to lack of blood to her brain. It didn’t take long until she was passed out and Aiden was able to continue with his rape without her fighting back. 
For the next few minutes, Aiden raped Oxana on the ground while she lay motionless with her eyes closed. He reveled in the power he had over her and pounded her with a fury of a man in total control. In a few minutes he was ready to climax when he noticed she was coming around. Wanting to finish without her fighting back, he put his forearm back on her neck and pressed down, only this time he felt her windpipe give and buckle under the pressure. 
Oxana began to gasp for air and panic. Even without full consciousness she was able to fight to some degree.  Aiden was helpless to do anything and backed off pulling out of her. He sat on the ground next to her and watched her as she gasped for her final breath. A few minutes later she was dead staring blank up at the sky.  And now Aiden was pissed. He had every intention of killing her once he was done, but now she was dead before he could blow inside her. 
He sat looking at her dead body and for a while considered finishing her anyway. She was still warm and it would only take a short while. Then he could dispose of her body and head back to town with her cash and a signed receipt in his folder. He could claim he paid her, and drove her home. That would explain any fibers or DNA found in his car. And as long as he did a better job of hiding her body than the last girl he raped and killed, he’d be free. 

Aiden got dressed and pulled Oxana’s body off the road and laid it next to a tree. He tossed some branches on the body and a few leaves and got in his car. He looked back down the road and saw there was no way to turn around so he’d have to back the car all the way back to the road. What a fucking hassle, he thought to himself. 
He got in the car and backed it up slowly trying to keep from driving off on the side and getting stuck. It wasn’t as bad as he thought and was making good progress until he noticed a sheriff’s car pull into the driveway through his back window. In a total panic, Aiden stopped the car and let the sheriff’s car pull forward until they were bumper to bumper. 
The officer got out of his car and approached Aiden who was still sitting in his driver’s seat. He rolled down the window and looked up at the man in uniform. 
The officer spoke first. “Can I ask you what you’re doing out here?” he asked. 
Aiden swallowed hard and said the first thing that came to mind. “I was out taking a walk,” he replied. 
“A walk?” the officer asked. “Do you have permission to be on this land?”
“No officer, I didn’t think it would be a big deal.”
“Really, no big deal. What would you think if someone wanted to take a walk on your property without asking permission first?”
“I guess I’d be pissed, but I don’t own farmland, I live in the city, nobody’s going to take a walk at my place.”
“Don’t be a smartass,” the officer said. “I’m making a point. I got a call there was a trespasser on this property and it looks like they were right. What’s your name?””
“Aiden Fisk,” Aiden replied. 
“Can I see your driver’s license, registration and insurance card?”
Aiden dug out his wallet and found what the officer wanted and handed it to him. 
“You’re not from around here are you?” the officer asked. 
“No, but I moved here a few weeks ago.”
“Work at the hog plant?”
“No, I run a website.”
“A website huh?” the officer asked. “What do you do with this website?”
“I run a modeling agency,” Aiden replied. 
“Not much call for models out here in the sticks.”
“It’s the internet, I can sell my work anywhere, not just here.”
“I see,” the officer said. “Are you sure you’re not doing more than just taking a walk out here?”
“No, that’s all,” Aiden said. Sweat was dripping from his nose and chin. 
“Why are you sweating so badly? It’s not that humid out here.”
“You’re a cop, what do you expect?” Aiden replied. 
“You’re not hiding something are you? Do you mind if I take a look in your trunk?”
Aiden had nothing to hide, but felt that without a warrant, the officer had no right to search his vehicle. But not cooperating could make things a lot worse so he popped the trunk release button. 
“Stay in the car,” the officer said and walked back to the trunk to take a look. He came back to the driver’s door and said, “A lot of people who make meth do it out in the country, are you making meth?”
“No officer,” Aiden replied. 
“I don’t see any supplies here, but that doesn’t mean much. I think I’ll take a look around.” The officer called on his radio for another officer to back him up. “I want you to stay in the car while I’m looking.”
“Am I under arrest?” Aiden asked. 
“No, why do you ask?”
“If I’m not under arrest, I want to go.”
“You’re trespassing, that’s enough for me to hold you for now,” the officer replied. 
Frustrated and scared, Aiden leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes. He knew that if they did even a basic search, they’d find Oxana’s body. His only hope was that they found nothing and let him go. But what were the chances of that?
“Officer,” Aiden said getting the officers attention. “I have to go, I don’t feel well.”
“Sorry to hear that, I can call an ambulance if you like, but you aren’t going anywhere until we look around.”
“How long will this take?”
“Can’t tell you, may take an hour, maybe two.”
Aiden resolved himself to the fact the body would be found, and for a moment considered taking the officer to the body just to get this over. But for now he decided to sit tight and enjoy his last few minutes of freedom. 


Chapter 20
The note

Later that night Brianna returned to the apartment intending to break in. She didn’t have a key but the apartment was on the ground floor so she decided to break the bedroom window. Aiden’s car was still gone but she didn’t know for how long so she needed to get in and out fast. She knew he still had over a thousand dollars hidden in the closet. 
Using a rock from the driveway, she broke the glass only to find a screen in her way. She tried kicking it out but it only dented inward. She then wrapped a shard of glass from the window in the cuff of her shirt and used it to slice the screen open. Once she made a big enough hole, she used her hands to pull the screen wide enough to get inside and entered the bedroom. 
Thinking fast, she reached for the light switch when she heard a voice call from the dark. “You must be Brianna,” the voice called. 
Brianna could make out the basic form of a figure sitting in a chair next to the bed. She didn’t recognize the voice and it scared the shit out of her. She tried to get back out the window when the voice called back to her. “Brianna, wait, I want to talk to you, and I’m not the police.”
Brianna stopped and tried to find the shard of glass she used to cut the screen. Then she realized she dropped it on the ground outside the apartment. She answered the man sitting in the dark, “Who are you?”
“My name is Asmodeus, I’m a friend of Aiden’s”
“Aiden never mentioned any Asmodeus, what kind of fucked up name is that?”
“It’s an ancient Hebrew name, I’m a demon.”
Brianna stood and took this in. She didn’t know how to react. “How did you get in here?”
“Through the front door,” Asmodeus replied. 
“It’s not locked? Aiden always locks the door.”
“He did.”
“Do you have a key?”
“No,” Asmodeus replied. 
“This is really fucking with me, then how did you get in?”
“I told you, through the front door.”
Brianna took a step towards the window. 
“Before you go, I want to talk to you about Aiden.”
“Why? He kicked me out,” Brianna said. 
“I know, and you’re here to steal from him.”
“I don’t know how you know that, but I will assume you know everything I’m going to do somehow.”
“No, you have free will, you can leave at any time. I’m not here to arrest you, I’m here to talk to you, I’m sorry if I scared you, but I knew this would be the best time to catch you alone.”
“Fine, what about Aiden?”
“He has been arrested,” Asmodeus replied. 
“For what? Raping that girl?”
“No, but that will come as soon as they check her body and find the evidence.”
“Her body?” Brianna asked shocked. “You’re saying he killed her?”
“Yes, and he is now down at the law enforcement center locked in a cell awaiting questioning.”
“Why doesn’t this surprise me? So why should I care?” 
“They will accuse you of being an accessory to the crime,” Asmodeus replied. 
“What? I wasn’t there, he kicked me out!”
“That’s not what he will say, he will blame you.”
“Blame me for what? I wasn’t there!”
“Doesn’t matter, he’s desperate. He will claim you told him to do it, that you masterminded the whole murder. That you said if he didn’t kill the girl, you would leave him.”
“Oh my fucking God,” Brianna said. “I would never say that.”
“It’s the claims of a man with no way out. What do you expect him to do?  Confess?”
Brianna shook her head in disgust and disbelief. “No, I suppose not. But that fucking asshole is blaming me? I’d kill that fucker if I could.”
“I know, and I can make that happen,” Asmodeus replied. 
“What do you mean?”
“I told you, I’m a demon.”
“I don’t believe in spiritual shit, you can call yourself a demon all you want. I’m pretty sure you broke into the front door the same as I broke through the window. That doesn’t make me a demon.”
“I understand your skepticism. But let me assure you, I am who I say I am.”
“Is this where I ask you to prove it and you grow horns out your head?”
“No, I won’t do parlor tricks. But I can help you if you want,” Asmodeus replied. 
“Why do you want to help me? You said you’re an old friend of Aiden’s.”
“Maybe I misspoke, I’m more of an acquaintance than a friend.”
“Still doesn’t explain why you give a fuck about me,” Brianna said. 
“I don’t have a clear answer to that, sometimes people do things for no reason at all. Maybe I felt sorry for you, maybe this is entertaining to me, in any case, you can either accept my offer or not.”
“What if I do, what are you going to do to him?” Brianna asked. 
“I’ll give you the opportunity to correct what he’s done wrong. I won’t do anything to him, that’s up to you. I can only create the circumstance,” Asmodeus replied. 
“I could do that on my own,” Brianna said. 
“He’s locked up in a cell, how can you do anything to him?”
Brianna knew he was right, if he was telling the truth. “You say you’re a demon, why should I believe anything you say?”
“Good question, Satan is the deceiver, I don’t believe any of his henchmen have been given the same title. But I can see where you’re coming from.”
“I could agree to what you say, and then you could fuck me over, I don’t trust you,” Brianna said. “I’d trust a wild dog before I’d trust a demon to do anything.”
Asmodeus took a deep breath and paused before replying. He realized Brianna wasn’t going to agree and wanted to give her one more out. “If you change your mind, I will help you,” he said. 
“What am I supposed to do? Call you on my cell? Do you have a card?” Brianna asked. 
“No, I’ll know, and I’ll come to you,” Asmodeus replied. 

In a dreamlike state, Aiden stood outside, in front of a large wooden set of doors, doors he recognized from his past. The doors had pickaxes for handles, and above the door in large letters it read Copperfield’s. It was a bar he use to play at when he was in a college rock band. This bar held wonderful memories for him, from the days when he was more carefree and had little to no obligations to anyone. 
As he looked around the street, there were no cars. He knew he was back in his old college town but it didn’t strike him odd that no one was around. It was like a Sunday afternoon. He stepped forward and pulled on one of the axe handle door pulls and the door swung open. He stepped inside and looked around at the bar, it was vacant, not even a bartender to serve drinks. Otherwise it was just as he remembered it. A long hallway with booths on each side. Above the booths was a balcony with more seats and tables for customers to sit and drink. At the end of the bar was a doorway to the left that led to another building that housed a stage for local bands and a seating area for customers. Aiden had played on that stage many times, but not in twenty years. 
Aiden walked down the long path to the doorway and entered the other building. He walked up to the stage and smiled remembering the good times he had there with his former bandmates. Men he didn’t know any longer who all went their separate ways years ago. He looked at the dance floor and tried to remember the room filled dancers and patrons drinking, laughing and having a good time. It was sad now, like a dream he’d never get back. No longer was a twenty three living the dream of every college rock star. He had faded into a life of the sex trade and murder. 
He stepped up onto the stage and looked out at the seats and could picture the crowd like it was yesterday. He could remember cracking jokes with his lead singer, and making fun of his bass player who thought he was a rock God. For a moment his mood improved, reliving the dream he used to live, but as he stood there, the dream faded like the lights after each show. Times had changed and so had he. The crowd that watched him play had long gone. 
Then he remembered something, something he had done many years ago when he played this bar. It was a fuzzy memory, he couldn’t be sure it was a true memory, but it was overpowering. He seemed to remember writing a note during one of his breaks. It was a sentimental moment he wanted to memorialize the time with a note he wrote on a napkin. He seemed to recall sitting with his friends talking and wanting to make sort of a time capsule to honor the time they had together. 
Once the note was written, he climbed the stairs to the upper balcony and found a place in the old wooden rafters near the ceiling and stuffed the folded napkin in a place no one would be able to find it. He recalled walking back past rows of people, who were talking and drinking to the stairs, and leaving the note behind. Was this a real memory? Or was this something his mind made up?
Now wanting to know if it was true, he stepped off the stage and walked back into the main bar to the stairs. He climbed to the balcony and walked past the rows of empty tables and chairs to the place where he remembered stuffing the note. He looked but couldn’t find anything, so he took out a card from his wallet and slid it into the crack pushing out an envelope. To his surprise the napkin was gone, and someone had replaced it with a white sealed envelope. He looked to see if there was any writing on the front and there wasn’t. He ripped open the side of the envelope and pulled out what looked like a folded newspaper clipping. 
To his shock and horror, he found an article and an obituary for himself and his bass player. He read in stunned silence about the tragic accident when he and his bass player were killed driving home from a show by a drunk driver twenty years ago. It was surreal reading the details of the accident, and the obituary made him sweat like never before. What was he reading? What was going on? 
He looked up and back down over the rail to the bar below. Still no one there. Where was he? Was this heaven? Was this hell? Where was everyone and how did he get here? Nothing made sense. Is this what happened when you die? Had he been in this empty bar for twenty years? Where were his friends? Aiden put the note back in the envelope and walked back downstairs. He sat at the bar and looked at the fish tank that had always been behind the bar. The fish were alive and swimming, but there were no people, no music playing over the speakers. It was dead silent except for the sound of the bubbler in the fish tank. 
Then he noticed a figure sitting to his right. It didn’t even strike him as odd that this person suddenly appeared. It was almost as if they had been there all along. It was his bass player Cary. 
“I got some posters if you want to send them out,” Cary said. 
“Posters? What are you talking about?” Aiden asked. 
“For our gig in Lexington next week.”
Cary looked the same as he did twenty years ago. He hadn’t aged at all. 
“We haven’t played in twenty years, what are you talking about?” Aiden asked. 
Cary looked at Aiden like he was nuts. “We played here last night, what are you talking about?”
Cary still had the long hair Aiden remembered, Aiden had long since cut his off and was now well into his forties. It was like he had time traveled back in time and was talking to a younger version of someone he lost track of a long time ago. But now according to the newspaper clipping had died.
“Do I look different to you?” Aiden asked. 
“What do you mean?” Cary asked. 
Aiden looked across the bar to the mirrored shelf where the hard liquor was set up. In the mirror he saw his reflection when he was twenty three, long hair, a face he almost didn’t recognize looking back at him. 


Chapter 21
Trapped

Knowing Aiden was locked up in jail, Brianna decided to stay the night in the apartment. Asmodeus left leaving her alone to stew in her thoughts. Why did he offer to kill Aiden? This didn’t make any sense coming from a stranger who claimed to be a demon and an acquaintance of Aiden. 
Before she turned in for the night, she decided to check the news to see if there was a report about Aiden. If he had killed a girl, it would be headline news. Then she thought to herself that it would only be a short time until the police came to the apartment looking for clues to the murder. She wouldn’t be able to stay after all. So she gathered up the cash from the closet and turned on the television to see if there was any news before she left. 
On the crawl at the bottom of the page was the story of Aiden being arrested for the alleged murder of a young woman. It also said that he had taken an overdose of drugs just prior to the arrest and was now in a coma fighting for his life at the hospital. Brianna was shocked and saddened at the same time not knowing how to feel about the news. But now she knew the strange man who she had been talking with was real. Maybe he didn’t have to kill Aiden, maybe the overdose would do it for her.

In a drug induced coma, Aiden continued to relive his past, or at least what he thought was his past.
“What’s going on?” Aiden asked looking into the mirror.
“What do you mean?” Cary asked back. 
Aiden ran his fingers through his shoulder length hair and let it fall back down. It had been years since he had hair this long, and his face looked like it did when he was much younger.
“What am I doing here?” Aiden asked. 
“We’re going to set up for the show,” Cary replied. 
“Set up? What show?”
“For the gig tonight,” Cary replied. “I have the truck parked out back.”
Aiden slid off his barstool and walked around the bar a little. He stopped and looked back at Cary. “Where is everybody?” he asked. 
“What do you mean? We always set up during the day.”
“Yeah, but there’s nobody here, at all. Who let us in?”
“The doors not locked.”
“I know that, but who leaves a bar unlocked for anyone to come in? Do you have a key?”  Aiden asked. 
“No, the owner let us in,” Cary replied. 
“Really? Where is he?”
“I don’t know, went home maybe.”
“You’re telling me that bar owner let us in to set up without any supervision?” Aiden asked. He was starting to get agitated in his confusion. 
“Yeah, he does it all the time, what’s the big deal?” Cary asked. 
“It’s a big deal because he never does that, I mean did that. In all the times we ever played here, there was always at least a bartender here to make sure we weren’t ripping the place off.”
“I don’t remember any bartender watching us.”
Completely confused and frustrated, Aiden handed Cary the newspaper clippings and let him read what they said. When he was done he handed the pages back. “What’s that for?” Cary asked. 
“You did read that right?”
“Yes,” Cary replied. 
“What did it say?”
“It says you and I were killed in a car wreck,” Cary replied. 
“You don’t find that a bit odd?” Aiden asked. 
“It doesn’t make any sense, we’re both here, obviously the paper’s wrong.”
“You think this is some sort of elaborate typo?” Aiden asked. 
“I don’t know what it is, but we need to get going. We have to sound check in two hours.”
“Sound check? I haven’t played live in twenty years. And according to this article, I died twenty years ago. If this is true, we’re not real.”
“I can see you just fine,” Cary said. “Now are you going to help me or not?”
Aiden couldn’t think right. Nothing was making sense. “Where are the other guys?” he asked. 
“What other guys?”
“Ron and Jacob, and our Brian our soundman?”
“There are no other guys, it’s just us,” Cary replied. 
“What? Do you know how absurd that sounds? We were a four piece band, with a sound and light guy. And now you’re telling me it’s just the two of us?”
“Yes, it’s always been the two of us,” Cary replied. 
Aiden walked over to the side door where they used to unload. The door was shut and he could see sunlight in the crack underneath. He grabbed the door handle and pulled the door inward revealing the alleyway outside. There was no truck. Aiden stepped out the door and found himself sitting back at the bar on a stool. It was as if he had fallen and hit his head and was groggy from the fall. 
“What’s going on?” Aiden asked. 
Cary was gone and again he was alone in the bar. He looked into the mirror and again he was his forty eight year old self. On the counter was the article about the crash sitting alongside the torn envelope. Then he heard footsteps from behind. He turned to find Asmodeus walking up to him. 
“Mind if I have a seat?” Asmodeus asked. 
Stunned, Aiden motioned for Asmodeus to take a seat. It was actually nice to see a familiar face. “What are you doing here? And may I ask what am I doing here as well? I haven’t been here in twenty years.”
“I know, I read the article.”
“That article says I was killed in an auto accident. Explain that.”
“I can’t, it is what it is. I didn’t write it,” Asmodeus replied. 
“Am I dead? Is it true?”
“If you were dead you wouldn’t know it and nothing I say will make a difference.”
“Yes it would, I was just talking to my ex bass player from twenty years ago, the one I supposedly died with in a car accident trapped in a bar I haven’t been in since college. The last I knew I was out taking pictures of a hot naked Ukrainian girl.”
“No, the last thing you were doing was killing that girl,” Asmodeus replied. “The second model since you started your porn business.”
“Is this hell?” Aiden asked. 
“Like I said, it is what it is,” Asmodeus replied. 
“Fine, I get it, I killed a couple of girls and now I’m dead rotting forever in this bar in hell. But that still doesn’t explain why this article says I died twenty years ago.”
Asmodeus picked up the paper and read it. “No it doesn’t. Not everything has a cut and clear answer.”
“That’s a cop out! If you’re a demon, you know what’s going on!” Aiden yelled. 
“I do know what’s going on,” Asmodeus replied. 
“Then tell me!”
Asmodeus walked behind the bar and poured himself a drink. “You want one?” he asked. 
“I want you to tell me what’s going on!” 
“Alright, tell me the last thing you remember when the police found the girl’s body.”
Aiden shook his head and thought hard. Then it came to him. “I took a bunch of pills, that’s right, I tried to kill myself. I am dead?”
“No, you’re in a coma at the hospital. All of this is in your head, including me and your friend Cary.”
“So we didn’t die in a car crash twenty years ago?” Aiden asked. 
“Maybe you did, maybe you didn’t, the path of life is filled with turns and twists. Maybe you did die and you never took the pills. Maybe you are trapped here forever. If you don’t come out of the coma, you might end up here forever.”
“Is Cary dead? I haven’t seen him since college.”
“I don’t know, never met the man,” Asmodeus replied. “But I’m going to go now.”
“Wait, you can’t leave me here all alone.”
“I can’t live here either,” Asmodeus said walking away. The demon opened the door and walked outside leaving Aiden alone sitting on his barstool. It was quiet, too quiet for Aiden and he couldn’t stand to sit all alone in the bar, so he got off the stool and walked to the front door. The last time he tried to leave he ended back on the stool, hopefully this time it would be different. 
Aiden pulled on the heavy wooden door and to his surprise, it was now evening. The sun had passed overhead and it looked to be around six or seven.  He stepped out onto the sidewalk and walked across the street making a left to the main drive downtown. Once he was on Main Street, he continued walking north towards campus all along noticing there were no cars parked on the street or any people on the sidewalks. 
Then he noticed a woman running towards him, she was in a panic and yelling at him. “Help me! Help me! I can’t find my daughter!” she yelled as she approached. She spoke in an accent Aiden recognized but couldn’t place.
“You’re daughter, what does she look like?” Aiden asked. 
“She is four years old, wearing a white shirt with flowers and a pair of black pants. You have to help me find her!” the woman demanded. 
“Where was the last place you saw her?”
“We were at the bakery buying donuts, I turned around and she was gone.”
“Where is the bakery?” Aiden asked. 
The woman pointed back down the street at a vacant building.
“There is no bakery there, the building is empty,” Aiden said. 
“That’s the building, I just came from there.”
“How long ago did you see her last?” Aiden asked. 
“About an hour ago!” the woman replied in a panic. 
“What’s her name?”
“Oxanna,” the woman replied to Aiden’s horror. 
The current year was approximately nineteen ninety three, which was twenty years in the past from when Aiden was arrested for murder of Oxanna. Oxanna was twenty four when she died, which made this little girl around four years old, the same age she would have been back then He now had met Oxanna’s mother who was scared for her little girl. Little did she know that the man she was facing would one day end her daughter’s life. 
Nervously Aiden replied, “I’ll help you look for her, where have you looked so far?”
“All up and down this street, I’ve been calling her for an hour,” the woman replied. 
“Have you tried the alleys?”
“No.”
“Ok, you go back across the street and check the alley on that block, I’ll check the alley on this block, ok?” Aiden asked. 
The nervous woman nodded her head and said, “Yes,” She turned to walk away and Aiden watched her with a sick feeling in his stomach. He didn’t meet this woman before he killed Oxanna until now, and meeting her made him feel guilty as hell. Once she was across the street, he turned around and went back down the block. At the end he turned and headed to the alley which was across from Copperfield’s. 
Once in the alley, he turned again and walked past the dumpsters keeping an eye out for the little girl. The more he walked, the further from the bar he went and the more racked with guilt he became. The last thing he wanted to see was a dead four year old. For some odd reason that is exactly what he expected to see. Although she died at twenty four, this surreal dream could go anywhere. He kept his eyes on the ground, hoping not to see a dead body lying raped behind a trash heap. 


Chapter 22
The Alley

Aiden stopped in his tracks. He saw a Catholic sister waiting for him in the center of the alley. He looked upon a woman who was dressed the same as in the photographs on his grandmother’s desk at the nursing home. The more he looked, the more the woman resembled his grandmother Mary who used to be a sister when she was young. Both Aiden and the sister stood silent for a moment looking at each other, then Aiden asked, “Grandma?”
“Yes Aiden, I’m your grandmother,” Mary replied. 
“But you look so young.”
“I look like whatever you want me to look like Aiden.”
“But why? I don’t remember you as a sister, you’re an old woman,” Aiden said. “I saw the pictures on your table, but you’ve always been old.”
“Maybe this is how I choose to be remembered,” Mary said. 
“Remembered? What are you saying? Are you dead?” 
“Yes Aiden, I passed away,” Mary replied. 
Confused, Aiden waited a moment to respond. “Are you a ghost?” he asked. 
“I am a spirit, I think that’s the proper way to explain.”
“I don’t get this, I’ve been visited by my former bandmate, who might or might not be dead, I’ve spoken with a demon who’s been in and out of my life for the last few months, and now I see you, as a spirit.”
“You have been through much Aiden, I don’t know what to tell you,” Mary said. 
“Then why are you here at all?” Aiden asked. 
“I wanted to see you one more time, and give you some advice before I go forever.”
“Advice? I could use anything right now. I’m so fucking confused. I have no idea where I am, or what I’m doing here.”
“You are trapped in your mind. When you took the overdose, it put you into a state where you can only see the world through your thoughts. Spirits can visit you in this state and that is why it seems confusing.”
“Explain the news clipping that said I died in a car accident? According that that article, I’m supposed to be hit by a drunk driver tonight after my gig at Copperfield’s. If that’s true, I never lived to do anything I’ve done in the last twenty years. Is this real or is this a fucking dream?”
“It’s both,” Mary replied. 
“That is such a cop out answer. If I die tonight, then I never live to see anything past twenty three, that means I didn’t kill the girl, and I didn’t take the pills!”
“That’s correct,” Mary replied. 
“What?”
“You are correct, if you die tonight, none of this will happen.”
“But none of this is real, I can’t die. It’s all in my head,” Aiden replied. “Are you saying if I cancel the gig I will survive?”
“Think back to this time, when you were in school, was there a time that you ever cancelled a performance?” Mary asked. 
Aiden thought hard. He knew he never cancelled a gig, they were too hard to get and everyone would be disappointed if they couldn’t play. But then it came to him, he did remember one time when they had to cancel, and it was a Copperfield’s gig. Aiden couldn’t remember the circumstance of why, but he did remember the disappointment of the cancellation.  “I did cancel a gig once,” he said. “But I don’t remember why.”
“And because you cancelled, you didn’t drive home that night and get hit by a drunk driver,” Mary said. 
“So none of this actually happened,” Aiden said. 
“You saw the news clipping, it did happen, you avoided it.”
“Anyone could die at any time, I could get hit walking across the street by a bus, and this means nothing!”
“You are both right and wrong. You could get hit by a bus, but this clipping shows that there is more to this than a random accident. At this point, you could still die, it’s not predetermined.”
“But Asmodeus said I’m in a coma, that this is all made up in my mind!”
“Maybe, but I’m here, do you doubt that?” Mary asked. 
“I don’t know, if this is a coma, you may still be in the nursing home alive and well. This is probably all a dream.”
“Play the gig and find out,” Mary said. 
“Why? You want to see me die?”
“For the sins you’ve committed, yes I do,” Mary said. She stepped to the side and let Aiden see the body of the four year old girl lying behind her in the alley. The child was lifeless and grey.
“What the fuck?” Aiden asked. 
“You killed her, that’s why you’re here in the first place,” Mary said. 
“Yeah, but she wasn’t four, she was twenty four.”
“And that makes it better?” Mary asked dripping with irony. 
Aiden didn’t know how to respond. He couldn’t get his eyes off the little girl and now she could hear her mother coming up from behind. It would only be a moment before she saw her little girl lying dead on the concrete. 
Aiden turned to see the mother running to him, he turned back and Mary was gone, just the body of the little girl. 
“Oxanna!” the woman cried as she ran past Aiden. She ran to her dead daughter and knelt down weeping. Aiden walked over and stood over them both looking down upon them. He was saddened at her loss and sickened with himself for killing the girl. Not the child, but the woman he suffocated and raped at twenty four.
In a fog, Aiden stepped away from the women and walked back down the alley towards Copperfield’s. He found himself back in the bar, only this time it was filled with people laughing, drinking and having a good time. It was like he was back twenty years ago ready to get up on stage and play. The sights, and the smells all took him back to a time that was very special in his life. In the other section of the bar he could hear the sound of music playing over the speakers set up for his gig. His soundman always played Rush and Aiden hated it. He didn’t care for the band but he didn’t dare challenge Brian, when he ran the board, he was a superstar himself. 
Aiden looked at the faces in the crowd, some he recognized from campus, many he didn’t recognize at all, but he felt safe and at home. Then he saw Cary moving quickly through the crowd heading towards him. It seemed a big foggy and almost like he was running in slow motion, but Cary finally caught up to Aiden and said, “Where have you been? We’re going on in ten minutes!”
The thought of going on stage scared Aiden. He hadn't played live in twenty years and didn’t remember any of the songs they used to play. He could feel the panic attack coming on and swallowed hard. “I need to see the set list,” Aiden said. 
“There’s one taped on the stage floor, go look at it,” Cary replied. 
Aiden pushed past the patrons standing around drinking and talking to the stage and looked down at the paper. He couldn’t make out any of the writing and began to sweat. He looked at his guitar set up and couldn’t figure out how it got there. There was something familiar with the way the stage was set up, but at the same time it looked foreign. 
“Is there a song we missed?” Cary asked.
Cary spooked Aiden, he hadn’t seen him follow him. “I don’t know, I can’t read the list,” Aiden replied. 
Cary spun around and took a look at the list. “I can read it just fine.”
Aiden stepped up onto the stage and stood behind one of the massive speakers. He tried to read the list from there but he still couldn’t make out what it said. He looked at his guitar, the one he knew he sold years ago and picked it up. It felt heavy, but familiar. He put it on and flicked on his guitar amp. Striking a string the instrument made a sound and it freaked him out. 
“What are you doing? We sound checked all ready,” Cary said. 
Aiden started to feel dizzy, the fog he was feeling was overcoming him now. Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion. The crowd in the audience was a blur of people talking and drinking. It wasn’t stage fright, it was different. It was as if Aiden was in a place he wasn’t supposed to be and needed to get out. The thought of running away shot through his body until he looked up above the crowd to the balcony and saw a familiar face looking back down at him. It was Oxanna, standing with her hands on the rail. She was twenty four again and alive. 
Aiden put his guitar back in the stand and tried to step down off the stage, only he couldn’t be sure of his footing. The world began to spin and the fog enveloped him. In a moment he blacked out and she was gone. 

Aiden woke in a hospital bed restrained with leather wrist and ankle cuffs. He was groggy but noticed right away the tubes running from his body to machines perched all around him. In his stupor state, he tried to move his hands but couldn’t, he was tied down. He looked around and saw white hospital walls with outlets for all sorts of electronic gadgets. It took him a while to get his bearings back and realize he was back to his own time. It felt like he had just traveled from twenty years ago too now, but then he realized it was just a dream.
Then he heard a buzzer go off that scared the shit out of him. In a few moments a nurse dressed in navy blue scrubs came in and hit a button silencing the alarm. She was surprised to see Aiden awake and took a look in his eyes. “How are you doing?” she asked. 
“Fine, what am I doing here?” Aiden asked. 
“I’ll let the doctor talk to you,” the nurse said and walked out the door. 
Later, a Middle Eastern looking man in a white lab coat entered the room along with an armed guard. The doctor looked at the readings on the monitors and asked, “How are you feeling today?”
“I feel like shit,” Aiden replied. 
“Can you put that into terms I can understand?”
“I can’t move,” Aiden replied. 
“I can’t do anything about that, now how do you feel physically?” the doctor asked. 
“I feel dizzy,” Aiden replied. 
“Do you have any pain?”
“No.”
“No headaches?”
“I said no pain.”
“How is your stomach?”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you feel nauseous?” 
“No,” Aiden replied. 
“Can you tell me your name?”
“Aiden Fisk.”
“The date?”
Aiden had no idea what the date was. “No, October?”
“And do you know why you’re here?” the doctor asked. 
“No.” 
“Ok, since you feel ok, and there are no other urgent problems, I’ll send in my assistant to do an evaluation. Until then, continue to rest.”
“Continue? How long have I been here?”
The doctor looked to the guard to see if he was allowed to answer. The guard didn’t react either way so the doctor replied, “Six days.”
“Six days? What the fuck happened to me?”
“You are suffering from amnesia. Your memory may come back now that you’re awake. I don’t think I’m allowed to go into details right now. “
“What’s with the cop?” Aiden asked. 
“I can’t answer any more questions about that. If you have any medical issues, call the nurse and she’ll get back to me.”
Aiden watched the doctor and the guard leave. He had no idea how he ended up in the hospital bed. His memory was a fog and all he could do was stare at the ceiling and think. Nothing came to him. He was lost. 

Chapter 23
Interrogation

Aiden watched as a woman dressed in a suit set up a video camera on a tripod and aimed it at him in his hospital bed. Standing on the other side was another woman also dressed in a suit with a pad and paper ready to write down whatever Aiden said. The woman at the camera nodded to the other and said, “Go.”
“What’s going on officer?” Aiden asked sardonically. He knew exactly what was happening. 
“My name is Sergeant Nikki Jamison, this is my partner Sergeant Connie Fox, and we’re here to interview you about the murder of Oxanna Doroshenko.”
“I got nothing to say, get lost,” Aiden replied. 
“How did you meet Miss Doroshenko?” Jamison asked. 
“Fuck off,” Aiden replied. 
“Do you deny knowing her?”
Aiden refused to reply. 
“I was told you may have some amnesia issues from your overdose, so I’ll fill you in on a few details. It might help jog your memory. We found Miss Doroshenko thirty feet from your car in the woods covered with some leaves and branches. She was raped and murdered. When the deputy tried to apprehend you, you took an overdose of Hydrocodone. “You’ve been here ever since.”
“Seems you have all the story you need,” Aiden replied. 
“We want to hear it from you,” Jamison said. 
“Good luck with that.”
“You semen was found in the dead girl,” Fox replied. 
“Doesn’t surprise me, I fucked her an hour before in my apartment. I have video to prove it.”
“Video to prove what? That you raped her?” Fox asked. 
“I didn’t rape her, I paid her to fuck me, I do porn, and she was a model. It’s all legal,” Aiden replied. 
“Sounds like prostitution to me maybe that went bad?” Fox asked. 
“Porn isn’t prostitution. I have a signed model release, I’ve been doing this work for years.”
“If that’s so, why did you end up in the woods with her?” Fox asked. 
“I wanted to do an outdoor shoot,” Aiden said. 
“We didn’t find a video camera at the scene, or any other camera for that matter.”
“I was going to use my cell phone camera,” Aiden replied. 
“Do you have pictures of her on your cell?” Fox asked. 
“No, we didn’t get that far.”
“What do you mean? Did you attack her?”
“No, she backed out, got real freaky and left,” Aiden replied. 
“She just took off into the woods, in a place she didn’t know? Why would she do that unless you were trying to rape her?” Fox asked. 
“I don’t know, she’s a fucking Ukrainian, maybe in her country they do that kind of shit. All I know is she freaked out and left.”
“So your memory is coming back,” Fox said. 
“Yeah, it is, now I told you, she took off and I left, the end.”
“Then why the overdose? What were you trying to hide?”
“I wasn’t trying to hide anything. The overdose was an accident. I didn’t mean to take so many pills. I was upset that she left and didn’t pay attention to how many I had. I just downed what I had in the bottle.”
“And I’m supposed to believe you?” Fox asked. 
“It’s the truth,” Aiden replied. 
“Then who crushed her windpipe and covered her with branches and leaves?” 
“You’re asking the wrong person,” Aiden replied. 
“No, I’m asking the right person, you’re the only person who was found at the scene. There were no other footprints, no other markings or fibers to indicate it was anyone but you.”
“Sorry, I can’t help you, when I left, she was fine.”
“Did you see anyone there? Anyone follow you to the shoot?”
Aiden paused a moment. If he could come up with another suspect, maybe they’d leave him alone. “I did see a car drive past on the way to the shoot. There were a couple of Hispanics in the car.”
“Can you describe the car?” Fox asked. 
“It was brown, four door, old eighties, with lots of rust,” Aiden replied. 
“Make and model? Year if you can think of it.”
“I didn’t pay that much attention,” Aiden replied. 
“Can you describe the men?”
“Hispanic.”
“I got that, I mean physically.”
“One had a trucker hat and sunglasses, I couldn’t see the driver that well.”
“Facial hair? What they were wearing?”
“I don’t remember, they went by pretty fast.”
“And you think these guys followed you to the shoot?” Fox asked. 
“You asked if I saw anyone, I didn’t say they followed me.”
Fox paused a moment and thought about her next question. “When the officer found you, the girl was already dead. How do you explain that if you didn’t do it. In that short time, you would have to have seen the killer,” Fox said. 
“I don’t get it.”
“She was found thirty feet from your car, and she was dead. How long was it from when you last saw her alive until you the deputy showed up?’
“An hour maybe,” Aiden replied. 
“What were you doing for an hour?”
Thinking fast, Aiden replied, “Looking for her.”
“And all along she only went thirty feet? Where did you go?”
“I don’t know for sure, we were in the woods for fuck sake. I guess I walked into the woods.”
“All awhile a killer was back by your car waiting for you to leave? And somehow the killer found her before you did? This sounds absurd,” Fox said. 
“It does, but that’s my story,” Aiden replied. 
“I want to see this video, and the model releases,” Jamison said. 
“It’s all back at my apartment,” Aiden said. 
“They searched your apartment, I don’t recall anyone saying they found anything like that.”
“Bullshit, it’s there, unless someone broke into my apartment and stole my recording gear.”
“That would be convenient,” Jamison said. 
Fox spoke up, “I do think they found some video gear actually.”
“See you stupid cunt, I told you,” Aiden said to Jamison. 
“Hey, watch the name calling,” Fox replied. 
“What are we? Twelve? I’ll say whatever I want. You and your dyke friend here can go fuck off in the closet for all I care. Now get the fuck out of my room, I got to take a shit.”
Fox stepped around the bed and walked over to the video camera. She made sure the conversation was recorded and clicked it off. “We’ll be back later, we’re not done yet.”
“When you get back I’ll have a lawyer so don’t bother,” Aiden replied. 
“That’s your right,” Fox said. 

Two days later Aiden was released for lack of evidence. The video showed he did have sex with Oxanna at his apartment and that it was consensual. Although no other evidence was found at the crime scene, there wasn’t enough to hold him.  His rent a lawyer did a decent job of keeping him out from a trial and now he was free. 
At the front door of the law enforcement center, Aiden was met by Brianna, who was waiting to see him. “How does it feel to be a free man?” She asked. 
Aiden was surprised to see Brianna waiting for him. “What are you doing here?” he asked. 
“I’m your sponge, remember?” Brianna replied. “You didn’t think I was going to let you go so easy did you?”
“The last I remember you were getting in my way. I think I told you to get lost,” Aiden replied. 
“I know, but you didn’t mean it.”
Aiden didn’t know what to say. He was glad to see her, but knew she was nothing but trouble. “So now what?” he asked.
“We get in your car and go back to the apartment,” Brianna replied. 
“Yes and no,” Aiden said. “We can go back but we can’t stay for long. Every Ukrainian that lives in that dorm will be after me.”
“Yeah, so what are you going to do?”
“I had a long time to think about it, I want to head back to Jacksonville.”
“Jacksonville? Where’s that?” Brianna asked. 
“It’s where I went to college.”
“Why do you want to go there?”
“I had a dream about my days at school. Made me really think about where I came from. I want to go back, maybe just to visit, but I want to go back.”
“But what about your apartment?”
“I got an eviction notice from my landlord, I don’t have anything to go back too,” Aiden replied. 
“So you’re going to pack up again and keep moving down the highway?”
“What else can I do, I still have over a thousand dollars back at the apartment.”
Brianna knew she had the money in her pocket, and wondered if she should just hand it over. If he found it gone, he’d be pissed and by then it would be too late to explain so she dug in her pocket and handed the money to Aiden. “Here you go, I stopped at your place and picked up the money.”
“Both doors were locked, how did you get in?”
“I broke in,” Brianna replied. 
“You’re honesty shocks me.”
“I was going to take off with it, but after seeing your story on the television I decided to stay.”
Aiden shook his head in disgust. “Fine, let’s head back to the apartment and load up my gear. It’s two hundred miles to Jacksonville and we can be there by the afternoon.”
Brianna looked up to the sky. “Looks like it’s going to rain,” she said staring at the dark clouds. “Sort of looks creepy out here.”
“Yeah, let’s go,” Aiden said and the two walked to his car and got in. They drove to his apartment and gathered up all his clothes, supplies and gear and loaded it in the car. It was a tight fit, but they made it once before.
“What do you plan on doing once you get to Jacksonville?” Brianna asked. 
“Look for work, I can always get a bartending gig,” Aiden replied. 
The car took off and headed towards the interstate. Brianna hung her arm outside the window feeling rain drops hit her hand as they moved along. 
“Maybe I can get a job out there too,” Brianna said. 
“Doing what? Bum isn’t a job.”
“I can dance.”
“You want to be a stripper?”
“It’s a college town, I could be up on a pole by tonight,” Brianna said. 
“Yeah, and you’d be making ten times what I make at the bar.”
“I know,” Brianna replied. 
“Why don’t I sponge off you for a while instead?” Aiden asked. 
“How about this? The first one to get a job has to support the other one.”
“What kind of shitty deal is that? I’d rather have you support me.”
“Maybe I said that backwards,” Brianna said. 
“Maybe so, now roll up the window before you get the car all wet.”


Chapter 24
Revelation

The next day Aiden pulled off the interstate and headed to downtown Jacksonville where the bar scene used to be when he was a student. His first impression was the city looked a lot different from what he remembered. New restaurants lined the road from the interstate to the main part of town. There were new hotels and some of the businesses he knew were gone or had changed. 
Once into the older part of downtown, things seemed to look more the same as he was used to. There were a few exceptions, but from what he could see, he felt comfortable. At the end of the main street, he pulled to the left and parked in front of Copperfield’s. It looked like it did the day he left town. From the color of the building to the sign above the door it was the same. All he missed was the truck parked in the alley to unload his band gear. It made him happy at first, and a bit sad at the same time.
“What are we doing here?” Brianna asked. 
“Checking out my old stomping grounds. And looking for a job,” Aiden replied opening the heavy wooden doors by the pick axe handles. 
“You want to find a job here?” Brianna asked as she walked into the bar. It was still the same, the long hall, the seats bordering each side and the balcony above with more seating. 
“Maybe, I can at least get some leads here.” Aiden walked up to the bartender and sat on a stool. He waited for Brianna to have a seat. 
“What will you have?” the bartender asked.
“I’ll take a Bud Lite draw,” Aiden replied. 
“And for you?” the bartender asked Brianna. 
“Coke plain,” she replied. 
“Are you from around here?” the bartender asked. 
“Not recently, I used to play here back in the day,” Aiden said. 
“Really, how long ago?” the bartender asked. 
“Twenty years ago, you still have the stage?”
“Yeah, but we don’t use it much anymore. Mostly for karaoke. I bet they didn’t have karaoke back then did they?”
“Nope, I bet that killed off a lot of bands didn’t it?” Aiden asked. 
“I don’t know, I don’t think kids are that much into bands as they used to be.”
“Now that’s sad. I lived to play. I loved getting up on that stage,” Aiden said. 
“I wasn’t even born then,” the bartender chuckled handing Brianna her Coke. 
“Man I’m getting old,” Aiden said sliding off his barstool. “I need to check out the stage.” Aiden walked to the end of the hall and turned left into the next room where the stage and dance floor was. It was like he remembered, only the stage had tables and chairs on it for patrons. He pictured his band playing and a smile crossed his face. 
Brianna came up behind him. “So this is the wonderful place that brings back so many memories? Looks like a crap hole to me.”
“Your best bars to play were dumps. It’s hard to explain, but it gave them character,” Aiden replied. 
“Where did you stand?”
Aiden pointed to the right side of the stage. “I stood halfway behind the speaker. The stage isn’t very big and we were crammed in pretty tight.”
“I don’t see how you managed to fit a drum kit in there,” Brianna said. 
“Not only did we put in a full drum kit, our drummer built his own riser. We had like two feet of standing room.”
Brianna watched Aiden look at the stage with a huge smile on his face. He was reliving his dream and was in a better place. For once, his mood improved. “Are you going to ask for a job?” 
“Give me a minute, I want to look around first,” Aiden said. Then he remembered something. Something from his dream about the note stuffed in the rafters. He set down his drink and headed back into the main part of the bar and climbed up the steps to the upper balcony. It was early afternoon and the bar was almost empty so he had no problem getting to where he wanted to go. 
Once he was at the top of the steps, he walked down the balcony, past the tables and chairs to the spot he remembered in his dream. He looked into the crack between the wood slats and saw a sliver of white paper shoved between. Using his driver’s license, he slid the card into the slot and shoved out a folded half sheet of paper. He didn’t expect to find anything, but at the same time wasn’t surprised. He unfolded the sheet and found a newspaper article inside. He unfolded the paper and found an article about the deaths of his bass player Cary and singer Jacob. 
In a fog, he couldn’t understand what he was reading. Then it all came back like a wall crashing down on him. It was after a gig twenty years ago, in mid-December when Cary and Jacob slid on a patch of ice on the way home. They crossed the median and slammed into a semi killing them both.
Aiden set the paper down on a table top and sat down. He looked at the wall with a blank stare and shook his head. How did he forget this happened? Then he remembered how after the accident, the rest of the band tried to reform but couldn’t. They sold off the sound and light gear and all went their separate ways. 
“What’s going on?” Brianna asked. She had followed Aiden up to the balcony and saw him sit down. 
“I forgot all about it,” Aiden said. 
“About what?”
Aiden slid the article over to Brianna. She picked it up and read it. 
“This was your band?”
“Yes,” Aiden replied. 
“This is pretty fucking sad, how old were these guys?”
“Twenty two, three, somewhere around there,” Aiden replied. 
“Sorry man, I don’t know what to say.”
“That’s alright, it was twenty years ago. Life goes on,” Aiden said. 
“Were they good friends?”
“Cary was my roommate for a while and I was in Jacob’s wedding,” Aiden replied. 
“Where did you find the paper?”
“I stuffed it in the rafters twenty years ago. We had a wake for them here in the bar and I put it there as a reminder. I totally forgot about it until I had my dream in the coma.”
“Weird, like some sort of ghost story. Do you think they were calling to you?” Brianna asked. 
“No, it was a coincidence. I’m sure the coma brought out some deep receded memories. That’s all.”
“How in the hell did you go from a college rock star to doing pornography?” Brianna asked. 
“I was always into photography, I did the bands photos and promo work. I fell into pornography on accident. I met a girl who did porn and she asked me to shoot her. I did and the rest is history.”
“So now what?” Brianna asked. 
“I don’t know, I’m actually pretty shaken up by this. For some reason I put it out of my mind for all this time and now it’s back. Maybe I should just get wasted today and start my job search tomorrow.”
“You forget, we have to find place to stay and we only have a thousand dollars to live on.”
“I need to check my business account,” Aiden replied. 
“What business account?”
“From the porn site, I put the page up for subscriptions back when we were shooting the Ukrainians. If I have subscribers, I have money.” 
“How do you find out?”
Aiden pulled out his cell phone and clicked on his bank app. He entered his username and password and brought up his balance. With a smile on his face he said, “I got twenty seven hundred in the account.”
“With the thousand in cash, that makes thirty seven grand!” Brianna said. “Let’s do get drunk tonight and stay in a hotel.”
“Sounds good, but I do want to talk to the manager first. Then we can go somewhere else and get drunk. This place has too many memories.”
Aiden led Brianna down the stairs back to the bar where they took their seats. Once there, they got the bartender's attention. “Are you hiring?” Aiden asked. 
“No, but I know a place that is, do you bartend?’
“Yes, and I’m pretty good at it,” Aiden replied. 
“The Backlot is always hiring. It has a shitty reputation and can’t keep people.”
“I remember that place, it was like a disco, and they had strippers,” Aiden said. 
“They still do,” the bartender replied. 
Brianna spoke up, “Good, I can apply there.”

Twenty minutes later Aiden and Brianna were at the Backlot looking for the manager. On stage was a fine looking topless dancer moving to the music picking up tips from what looked like male college students. Some things never change Aiden thought to himself. At the bar, Aiden asked the bartender if he could speak to the manager. A few songs later an older bald man stepped out from the back and shook Aiden’s hand. “Hello, I heard you wanted to speak to me?”
“Yes, my name is Aiden Fisk and I was wondering if you were hiring any bar help?”
The manager was taken aback by Aiden’s request and looked at him like he was stupid. “Did you ask for a job application?”
“No,” Aiden replied. 
“You need to fill out an application first, you can get one from the bartender.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to piss you off,” Aiden replied. “I’ve always got my jobs from the manager. Usually on the spot.”
“Well, I’m not like everyone else.”
“Alright, but my friend here wants to apply for a job as a dancer, does she need to fill out an application as well?” Aiden asked. 
The manager looked at Brianna and shook his head. You’re not what I’d call the usual dancer I get around here. How much experience do you have?”
“Not a lot, but I can do what these girls do,” Brianna replied. 
“I do audition my dancers before I hire them, when can you come back and do that?”
“I can do it now if you like,” Brianna replied. 
“Ok, come to my office,” the manager said. 
Brianna followed the manager into the back office leaving Aiden behind. The manager led her into a large room with a desk and a couch. He had a seat and left her standing in front of his desk. “Ok, take it off,” he said. 
“What?” Brianna asked. 
“Strip,” the manager said. 
“You want me to take off my clothes now?”
“Strippers strip, take it off, all of it.”
Shocked by his brashness, Brianna reluctantly took off her shirt and pants. She then took off her bra and stood like a scarecrow. 
“All of it,” the manager said. 
“This is a topless club,” Brianna said. 
“If you want to dance here, you’ll do as I say. Now show me your pussy or get the hell out of my bar.”
Biting her lip, Brianna slid her panties to the floor exposing her nude body to the manager. 
“Come over here,” he said. 
Brianna stepped over to the manager and stood next to him. He reached over and tried to touch her between the legs and got a slap across the face. “You fucking pervert!” she yelled and ran back around the desk gathering up her clothes. “I’ll sue you, you motherfucker!”
“Try it bitch, get the fuck out of my bar, and take your asshole friend with you. If you decide to play my way, let me know, otherwise, fuck off.”

Chapter 25
Laundromat

January came fast as snow covered the campus in a white blanket. Aiden found work part time at an off campus laundromat across the street from the Student Union. His job was to make sure the machines ran and the customers were happy as well as take care of the bathrooms and complaints. Today was a day like every other until two female students approached Aiden who was reading a magazine at the front counter.
“Are you the manager?” one of the girls asked. She was heavy set, around two twenty with her hair tied back in a ponytail. Her friend looked about the same only with shoulder length blonde hair. 
“No, but I run the place during the day,” Aiden replied. 
“My friend Alicia told me you shoot porn,” the girl said. 
Aiden put his finger to his lips signifying her to shut up. “Not so loud,” Aiden whispered. 
“Sorry, she said if I wanted to shoot to see you.”
Aiden stepped out from behind the counter and motioned for the girls to follow him to a corner where the machines were loud and nobody could hear them. “This isn’t a good time to discuss this,” Aiden said. 
“Why? She told me you were looking for models for your porn site. And you paid two hundred dollars.”
“No, I don’t pay anything close to that. If you want to talk later you can call me,” Aiden said. 
“Nobody can hear, don’t freak out,” the girl said. 
“This isn’t much of a job, but it’s all I got for now and I don’t want to lose it. As you can see, I really can’t afford to pay that much. They only pay minimum wage here.”
“Don’t you make money off your porn site?”
“Some, not much,” Aiden said lying. It was his main source of income, he used the laundromat like he used to use the bars to find girls. Only he couldn’t snag a bartending job this time, even in a college town. In all actuality, Aiden didn’t want to hire a large girl, he didn’t think it would go over well with his clientele. 
“So how much do you pay?” she asked. 
Aiden looked her over. “I can’t say without seeing you first.”
“Seeing me what?”
“Naked,” Aiden replied. 
“I thought you’d say that,” she said and pulled out her phone. She pushed the screen a few times and turned the phone towards Aiden showing him a full frontal nude picture of herself. From behind the phone, she slid her finger across the screen and flipped past different poses of her spreading her legs and fingering herself. “How’s that?” she asked. 
“I might be able to do twenty,” Aiden replied. 
“Twenty? Are you fucking kidding me?” the girl asked. 
“To be honest, there isn’t much call for large girls. If you were one twenty, I could maybe offer you seventy five.”
“You fucking asshole!” she replied. 
“Wait a second, I might be able to offer you more if your friend will get involved.”
“Like what? You want us eating each other out?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
The girls looked at each other and nodded their heads. “How much for both of us?”
Aiden looked them over and thought hard. This might actually become a niche he could make some money. “One twenty, and that includes a video and photo shoot.”
“I came here looking for two hundred for just me, and you offer one twenty for both of us? That’s a rip off.”
“I don’t know who told you I paid two hundred, but I don’t. There isn’t enough demand to pay that kind of money, not anymore. Fifteen years ago yes, but now with all the imported porn, the girls are lucky to get anything at all,” Aiden said. He was getting pissed. 
The girl stepped back and thought for a moment. She was very disappointed with what she was being offered, and really didn’t want to eat out her roommate all that much. But money was money and she was dead broke. “I want cash, right after we shoot.”
“That’s standard practice, no problem,” Aiden replied. 
“When can we shoot?”
“We can do it tonight if you want,” Aiden replied. 
“I’m on the rag, can we do in Wednesday?” the girl asked. 
“That’s fine, what’s your name?”
“Myranda, and this is my roommate Amy.”
“Fine, I’ll see you Wednesday,” Aiden replied. He stepped over to the counter and wrote down his phone number and address. “How about seven o’clock?”
“Sounds good, are you looking for more girls?” Myranda asked. 
“Yes, but don’t promise them anything or quote any prices. I negotiate with all my models on a shoot by shoot basis.”
“Ok,” Myranda said and the girls left the building. 
Aiden returned to his seat behind the desk and picked up the magazine he was reading when he noticed a familiar figure step through the door. It was Asmodeus, dressed in a trench coat wearing dark sunglasses. The tall lanky man stepped over to the counter and smiled. “Hello Aiden,” Asmodeus said. 
“Who do you think you are? Neo from the Matrix?” Aiden asked. Aiden was almost glad to see a familiar face. 
“How are things going?”
“About as shitty as usual, what are you doing here?”
“I wanted to stop by and say hello.”
“That’s bullshit, you never show up unless the shit’s hit the fan, what should I be expecting now? Are the guys from Advantage Modeling here to break my legs?”
“No, they wrote you off a long time ago. I wouldn’t go back home if I were you, but if you stay away, and keep out of jail, you should be fine.”
“I was in jail and they didn’t do anything,” Aiden said. 
“An oversight, I’m sure.”
“So you’re here just for shits and giggles eh?” Aiden asked. 
“I want to see how your uncontrollable power was affecting you now.”
“That’s horse shit, I haven’t had any power since day one. I don’t know what you’re talking about, but everything that’s happened to me has been fairly predictable. I mean, I can’t grant spells, or pull shit out of a hat.”
“You think your life would have been like this if you hadn’t met me?” Asmodeus asked. 
“Yes, I’m pretty sure. Nothing fantastic has happened. You are completely full of shit.”
Asmodeus smiled. “You can think what you want, but let me assure you, if you hadn’t met me, your life would have turned out quite differently.”
“Yeah, like how?” Aiden replied. 
“You wouldn’t be here at all.”
“What? You saying you saved my life?”
“More than once,” Asmodeus replied. 
“When?”
“I’m not going into details, just look back at every time your ass was in the fire. Do you think you should have gotten away? You should have been on the table with a lethal injection more than once.”
“And that was you?” Aiden asked. He then noticed that some of the customers were looking at him as he spoke to Asmodeus. “Not so loud, people are watching.”
“Do you want to stand in the corner and talk like you did with those two fat girls?”
“How did you know about that? You weren’t inside when...”
“I know things Aiden, haven’t you figured that out yet? How do you think I knew you were working in this place?”
“I seem to keep forgetting where you came from,” Aiden replied. “If you know so much about me, why bother to show up at all?”
“I like the personal interaction. I don’t see you much and I enjoy our time together.”
“You want to go on a date?” Aiden asked. His sense of humor was off with all the stress he was under. 
“No, but when you get off, do you mind if I stop by your place for some coffee?”
“I’m not a coffee drinker, you should have known that.”
“I know, I’ll bring my own,” Asmodeus said. 
“I have a girl with me now.”
“We’ve met, her name is Brianna.”
“You do really get around don’t you? What are you, my personal stalker?”
“No, when should I stop by?”
“How about six? I have a shoot at seven thirty.”
“Six if fine, I’ll see you then.”
“I don’t suppose you need me to write down my address.”
“No, I can find it on my own,” Asmodeus replied. 

Six o’clock and there is a knock on the door. Brianna answered the door. “Hi, Aiden said you’d be over. Come on in.”
Asmodeus took a seat by the window and set his coffee on the end table. 
“Aiden! Your friend’s here!” Brianna yelled. 
Aiden stepped into the living room and gave a smile and a wave before sitting down. “How’s the coffee?” 
“Overpriced, but I like it,” Asmodeus replied. 
“So what do you want to talk about?” Aiden replied. 
“Well, you know you’re grandmother Sister Mary died in the nursing home.”
“I saw it in a dream, but I didn’t know for sure.”
“Yes, I saw her yesterday, she’s doing fine, and she worries about you.”
“I worry about me,” Aiden said with a grin. 
“What are your plans for you porn business? I see you're keeping busy.”
 “You tell me, you seem to know everything.”
“You forget, you have free will, I can’t tell what you’re going to do any more than you can.”
“I keep forgetting that, yeah, it seems to be holding up,” Aiden replied. 
“You making good money?”
“Enough to get by and put a little in the bank,” Aiden replied. 
“What about the girl, what’s she been doing?”
“Brianna? She keeps the place clean, most of the time.”
“Sounds like you have it made.”
“Not by a long shot, I’d rather be king of my own porn empire instead of renting a shitty apartment and producing here.”
“Maybe it’s time to end your uncontrollable power.”
“Like I said, I have no power, you could end it if you want and it won’t make a difference to me. If watching people wash their dirty underwear in a college laundromat is power, you can have it back.”
“You are living your dream you know,” Asmodeus replied. 
“Tell me exactly how I’m living my dream.”
“You have a fairly nice roommate, you get to shoot girls fingering themselves for a living. Lots of guys would be very happy with what you got.”
“I’m one step above a pimp, I’m supposed to be the fucking Hugh Hefner of the porn industry, not some back alley smut peddler. I drive a shitty car, I live in a shitty apartment. Please take my power away, I could do a better job on my own.”
“Is that what you really want?”
“It is,” Aiden replied. 
“Take one more good look around before you make any rash decisions.”
“Rash? I’ve been living this nightmare for months, I don’t think rash is the correct terminology.”
I’ll give you what you want, but once it’s gone, it’s gone for good, do you want to relinquish your power?”
“Yes, please.”
“You wish is my command.”

Chapter 26
The Final Act

Wednesday evening Myranda and Amy have arrived for their shoot. Aiden escorted the girls to the spare bedroom set up for the video shoot and set down model releases for them to sign. Both girls signed and Aiden put the forms in his file folder with the others.
“What do you want us to do?” Myranda asked. 
“I want you both to strip and sit on the couch,” Aiden replied. 
“You don’t want stripping as part of the video?”
“No, it takes too long, these guys who watch want to get to jerking off right away, the stripping just wastes time.”
“You really know your stuff,” Amy spoke up, she seemed shy at first, but now acted like she was warming up to the idea. 
“I’ve been shooting porn for a while, I’ve been told by lots of buyers exactly what they’re looking for.”
“Are you selling our video?” Amy asked. 
“No, those days are long gone, I can’t sell video like I used to. A lot of the big name porn houses have gone under. Too much competition from overseas. This is for my site.”
Both girls stripped off their clothes and set them on the floor next to the couch. Myranda was a large girl, she had giant pendulous breasts that hung over her belly and her belly hung over her crotch. You couldn’t see her pussy unless she sat down and rocked back. Amy wasn’t much better, only she had smaller tits. Once nude, they both sat on the couch and leaned back. 
Aiden was very disappointed with the girls, he didn’t mind a little weight, but these girls were off the scale. “Ok, I have two cameras set up on tripods, I used to do one handheld, but this room is too small and I end up getting in the shot so now I just sit back and run the video from the computer. When I say action, I want you to start making out, after a few minutes, start sucking tit and then move to eating each other out. Don’t stay in any position too long because it gets dull for the audience.”
“Do you want us to sixty nine?” Myranda asked. 
“If you can,” Aiden said, realizing he might have pissed her off. 
“What? You think we’re too fat to sixty nine?” Myranda asked. 
“Well...” Aiden said trying to back pedal. 
“Don’t worry mister, we’ll put on a good show for you.”
Aiden got up and checked the framing on both cameras, he sat down behind his computer and looked to see what the shots looked like on screen. He was happy with the lighting and layout and turned back to the girls. “Are you ready?” he asked. 
Both girls nodded yes and Aiden clicked the record button. “Action,” he said and watched the girls on the monitor as they moved in for the first kiss. 
Myranda leaned over and grabbed Amy by her tit and planted a kiss on her lips. She aggressively pushed her large body on Amy and put her tongue in her mouth. She seemed to be getting off on what she was doing. It was as if they had done this before, or at least practiced. 
Amy leaned back and spread her legs wide showing a small furry patch of pubic hair. Aiden freaked when he saw the hair and realized he forgot to tell them to shave. It was too late now and let the girls continue. After a few kisses, Amy put Myranda’s hand on her pussy and rubbed it around in circles getting aroused. Myranda placed a couple fingers inside Amy and began to stroke in and out with a rhythm. 
Aiden looked at the clock on his screen and noted it was around five minutes. He wanted the girls to start eating each other but didn’t want to talk on the video. It was easy to edit himself out, but he didn’t want a gap in the audio or any cuts to the scene. Then Amy pushed Myranda back and spread her legs. Amy was going in for the money shot and Aiden was relieved. Only from where he was looking on screen, he couldn’t see Myranda’s pussy, she had too many fat rolls covering up what he needed to see on camera. 
Amy shoved her face in Myranda’s pussy and ate like she hadn’t ate in a long time. Myranda moaned and rocked back and forth getting off on the other girl and for a while it was a good show. But Aiden knew his customers would be disappointed if they couldn’t see the action. He didn’t know if the video would be usable and considered picking up one camera off the tripod for a handheld shot, but he didn’t think that would help since Myranda had so much fat and her pussy wasn’t visible. 
For the next fifteen minutes Aiden watched the girls on screen and over his shoulder. He was very disappointed in what he was seeing and knew a reshoot wouldn’t help. Myranda was just too fat. BBW wasn’t a niche that Aiden had on his site and he didn’t think this video was worth anything. He wouldn’t be able to resell it to anyone at a price that would break even. They had fat girls in Europe too that did this stuff for ten cents on the dollar American. 

Time passed and Aiden yelled cut. The girls crawled off each other and tried to catch their breath dripping with sweat. “What did you think?” Myranda asked. 
Aiden didn’t want to reply but he had too, “I don’t know, it’s not what I’m used to getting.”
“What do you mean?” Myranda asked. 
“I couldn’t see hardly anything, I mean, when Amy went down on you, all I could see was the back of her head.”
“What did you expect to see?”
“I expected to see her tongue in your crack lapping like a dog. All I saw was a ponytail bobbing back and forth.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
“It wouldn’t have made a difference. You’re just too fat,” Aiden said. He knew his comment would draw a wicked response, but he had to say what he thought. There was no use trying to spare her feelings. 
“I’m still getting paid,” Myranda barked. 
“I can’t pay you full price, I can’t pass that off as porn, the best I can do is fifty dollars,” Aiden replied. 
“Fifty my ass,” Amy said, I already spent my half, I have to have sixty dollars for myself! We had an agreement!”
“Not on paper,” Aiden replied. 
“You fucking asshole!” Amy said scooting off the couch. “I’ll kick your fucking ass if you don’t pay me sixty dollars!”
Aiden looked at this fat naked fat girl standing with her hands on her hips. The picture was almost comical. Then Brianna stepped in the room hearing the shouting. “What’s going on?” Brianna asked. 
“Your fucking boyfriend is trying to rip us off!” Amy yelled. 
“He’s not my boyfriend,” Brianna replied. 
“I don’t give a fuck what he is, all I know is he was supposed to pay us one fifty and now he says he’s only paying us fifty, and that’s after we did the shoot.”
“Is that right?” Brianna asked. 
“Yeah, the video sucked, I can’t use it,” Aiden replied. 
“Why not?” Brianna asked. 
“They’re just too fat, I can’t see anything on the video.”
Amy walked over to where her clothes were lying on the floor and dug in her purse. She pulled out a Glock forty caliber handgun and aimed it at Aiden. “I want what we agreed on,” Amy said. 
“Why do you have that in your purse?” Aiden asked. 
“I live on campus, keeps the rapists away,” Amy replied. 
Aiden thought to himself that her fat probably was what kept the rapists away, not the gun. 
“Fine, I’ll pay you full price,” Aiden said. 
“I want more than that, you insulted me and you’re going to pay asshole.”
“How much?”
“I want three hundred, just for me, and give Myranda three hundred as well,” Amy said. 
“You’re nuts,” Aiden said. “And I don’t keep that kind of cash here anyway.”
“Go get it, I’ll keep your girlfriend here until you get back.”
“You’re keeping Brianna hostage? What the fuck bizarre world is this?”
Amy stepped closer to Brianna and pointed the gun at her head. “You think I’m fucking with you?”
“No, not really, you seem like the kind of nutcase female that would shoot an innocent stranger for money,” Aiden replied. 
“Don’t go there fucker,” Amy said. “Don’t try to make me out to be some sort of psycho woman with hormone issues. We had a deal and you tried to rip me off. Now I’m changing the deal and you’re the one getting ripped off.”
“Fine, I’ll get you your money,” Aiden said. 
“And I want the video erased, I changed my mind, I don’t want anyone seeing that.”
“So now it went from a deal gone bad to a robbery. Why didn’t you just hold me up to start with and forget the shoot?” Aiden asked. 
“I thought about it, you do porn so I bet the cops would be glad if you got ripped off, just like you do to the girls you take advantage.”
“I don’t want to get into a debate with you, but I’ve never forced a girl to do porn in my life, I make the offer and they accept.”
“I bet, creeps like you take advantage of innocent girls for your own profit. You could do anything else in this world but no, you watch girls screw and shoot video so you can go back and jerk off to it later.”
“It’s a market, get over yourself. I found a way to make money that I’m good and that’s it. I have no motives other than to fill my bank account,” Aiden replied. 
“Good, then go get some of that dirty money and bring it back to me. Now I want five hundred because you pissed me off.”
Seeing a fat naked girl pointing a gun at him made him smile. He couldn’t hold back the irony of how this turned out. “If I’m going to go, you have to let me up,” Aiden said. 
“I’m not stopping you,” Amy said. “And don’t think about not coming back, I have your girlfriend.”
“Brianna can take care of herself,” Aiden said rising to his feet. “She’s a big girl.”
“What does that mean?” Amy asked. “You better come back with the money.”
Brianna shook her head in disgust. “Don’t count on it, once he’s out the door, he’s not coming back.”
Amy realized that holding a hostage that Aiden didn’t care about wouldn’t work. “Even if she isn’t your girlfriend, she’s still a human being, you can’t be that cold,” Amy said. 
“Oh yes he can,” Brianna replied. “You won’t get your money and I’ll get shot.”
“What kind of cold hearted fucker are you?” Amy asked. 
“Brianna is a sponge, she is like a maid that spends most of her time sitting around watching television. She’s more like a pet that anything else, she keeps me from getting bored. But if you want to shoot her, go ahead.”
Now Amy knew she had no leverage. “Give me all the money you have,” Amy demanded. 
Aiden pulled out his wallet and held out two hundred dollars in twenties. “That’s all I got,” he said. 
Amy stepped in to grab the money and Aiden went for the gun. A single shot fired and Aiden stepped back in shock. He looked down at his shirt and saw a trickle of blood staining his shirt and felt a pinching sensation where the bullet hit him in the chest. Amy stepped back and looked at Aiden and realized what she had done. In a panic, she aimed the gun at his face and fired off another shot. She didn’t want him coming after him. 
Aiden dropped to the floor in a heap and lay lifeless. The bullet entered his brain and killed him instantly. Brianna looked down at Aiden and then back to Amy who was now aiming the gun at her. “Please don’t,” Brianna said before Amy shot her in the head. Brianna fell to the floor next to Aiden. 
Outside on the curb, Asmodeus stood looking up at the window hearing both shots. Without the power, Aiden was defenseless. Asmodeus was almost sad, Aiden was the closest thing he had to a friend in a long time, and now he was gone. Gone from this world, but he would see him again in the next. When Aiden would again meet Sister Mary in the afterlife. 

The End



