Thrashing ale with Den Sidion



                                                                       


                                                                      For Joe





BY JOHN BUCKLEY









                                                                                                         
                                                                        Chapter 1                                                                                                                                                                                     

                                                                Road trip with Gitio 


     Inside the Old Port Tavern in Portland Maine sat Den Sidion, Pat Finney, and Rosemary Pedal in a booth in the back of the bar.  The bar itself is dimly lit as it is early afternoon and they use only sunlight from a trio of windows to light it.  There is a pair of musical acts loading in their instruments called, The Black Smile, and, The Ice Cream Punch.   Both bands are scheduled to play that evening and are known for raucous rock and roll.  The lead singer for The Black Smile is named Tom Riddle and he is well known for his screaming much less his singing.  Tom had been a problem child as he grew up with a red cheek as it was called, or as you would say in an abusive home.  He lived just north of Bangor or the former home of Stephen King, a long dead horror writer from before, The death of laughter, as it became called.
     Tom endured years of abuse that led him to rebel by writing rebel music as it is called, or as I would call it controversial and completely relevant music.  My name by the way is Grega Sorhen and I was the last man who harbored ill will towards the Doramocs, but I stopped when they killed off 3 of my friends oddly enough.
     The Doramocs are a race of aliens that landed on Earth over 150 years ago this week.  They become thought highly of as no one has ever seen an alien up close, but soon that changed when 1,000 more of their ships arrived.  And we were informed they’d be staying.  Well many of the people weren’t too happy about this, as we felt they shouldn’t be telling us what to do.  Yeah those were the first people to die at the hands of their advanced weaponry.   Namely their, Slow Bullet, guns.  Called this because they would start out at a slow speed and soon accelerate and blow a gaping hole in any part of your body they hit.
     The military tried to stop their abduction of Earth, but never stood a chance.  They fell very quickly and the people left were told simply, you either do what we say or you’re dead.   Smartly they all did exactly what they said which amounted to nothing more than leaving them be and never attacking them with speech or with violence.
     Then over the century and a half they started rebuilding many cities including New York, L.A., and Washington D.C. among others into technological marvels.   In New York the skyline rose up 3 miles high.   The Guess Building alone rose up 3 and half miles and included a massive park half a mile up that was lush and green.    And the park also has wind repellants that way you can comfortably spend a day up there with no chance of getting blown off the sides.  They also revealed they had mastered anti-gravity.  And soon all people were flying to work in sleek and multi-colored cars and trucks.  I even saw a beat up old Ford F150 flying past my home as I got up to take a piss.  And needless to say it sent a shiver thru my body.
     They also created an archive of other alien cultures that we were able to peruse at our leisure or convenience in case you were wondering.  In those archives we could see that the Doramocs had taken over dozens of worlds.   And it showed in great detail who those people had been before they got there.   In many cases centuries upon centuries before they got there, which meant they had been watching each civilization.   The Doramocs waited patiently for them to create a well defined infrastructure to make it easier when they took over.  When it came to Earth the records showed they’d been watching us for 60,000 years, much longer than the other worlds as we took longer to develop.
     The leader of the Doramocs is an emperor named Wexor Grim, a large mountain of a man.  All the Doramocs are tall and muscular many 18 feet tall, with Wexor being 18 foot and 2 inches and weighing 1050 pounds.  They all have dark red skin with dark blue square patches every so often all over their bodies.  Their eyes are dark orange and yellow and varied in intensity, but they all looked intense.   Wexor is the exception with crystal blue and gold eyes that danced across your face and never blinked when angry.  Wexor loved to give spirited speeches and play ,the Natives soulless, as he called human beings at every game on the planet, but especially poker as he felt it was their only chance at victory.  Oddly enough the Doramocs dominated most sports, but rarely cheered and rabble roused as they won.  Instead they became abusive towards any human in sight.  This led to many humans running out of the stadiums long before the end of a match.  In baseball Wexor had hit over 1,000 home runs in as little as 2400 at bats.  And he had extraordinary hand eye coordination and rarely a ball got by him.  Then he proceeded to walk the bases literally as he took in the nervous applause.
     “Hey, Rosemary, you up for a little naked scrabble later tonight or what?” asked Den as he threw a wink to Rosemary and she shook her head.
     Den Sidion has seal black short curly hair that is lightly gelled and goes back from a strong hairline.  He has dark blue eyes and an upturned small nose and round cheeks.  He is 5’10” and weighs 204 pounds with large muscular forearms and a barrel chest.  He has a green scorpion tattoo on his clavicle with the words,” She owed me forever, so I took it,” written beneath the scorpion in red letters.  He has on a black leather motorcycle jacket with a white cotton dress shirt underneath, with tan buttons and a pair of blue jeans made by Tommy Hilfiger.  He also has on black size 11 running sneakers with a revolver attached to his calf muscle by a black strap.
     “I would if you didn’t know how to spell FART so well.  Ask Grega when he gets here he loves to be propositioned by strange women,” said Rosemary coldly and sarcastically as Pat laughed and Den grinned and shook his head.
     Rosemary Pedal has strawberry blonde hair that is long and has a pair of braided pieces on either side that are curly at the ends.  She is very beautiful with large luscious lips and sultry dark brown eyes, as well as a well defined cute nose.  She has a thin figure, but with a large round butt and B cup breasts.  She is 5’4” and has on a white sweat suit jacket with only a black lace bra underneath.  She also has on black hot pants and Nike running shoes that are tan in color and white anklet socks.
     “Oh is it hilarity from the likes of you two.  Hey, Pat, did Rosemary ask for your condom size before or after she said she was a virgin?  Cause I suspect you both lied in your answers in the Police report,” said Den jokingly in a stern voice then he burst out laughing as Pat and Rosemary looked at him coldly.
     Pat Finney has dark brown hair that is mid length and slightly receding on the sides in the front.  His eyes are lavender and look jovial.  He also has a thin nose with a large round tip that makes him look handsome.  He has a block jaw and oddly perfect white teeth.  He is 6’2” and weighs 175 pounds with a flat chest and hairy thin arms as well as large legs.  He has on a black t-shirt with the face of Marlon Brando in the movie,” Apocalypse Now,” with the words,” Where is my method to the madness,” written beneath his head.  He also has on a pair of black satin dress pants and black Redwing boots and a blue denim jacket.
     “Oh aren’t you the merry prankster.  I thought I found another load in, Rosemary, when I inserted, it was you wasn’t it?!” asked Pat sarcastically as Den laughed and Rosemary rolled her eyes.
     “You boys need to go get you some tranny love down at the Greyhound station.  Cause this body is closed for good,” said Rosemary jokingly as she tried not to laugh and then Tom Riddle walked by and she grabbed his arm and asked,” Hey, Tom, can you save me from these 2 idiots, they’re burning the finish off this table with their breath?”
     Tom has orange and blonde long hair that is wavy and curled at the ends.  His eyes are golden in color and seem very calm and thoughtful.  He has a prominent nose with a rounded bump and high cheekbones.  There is a tiny tattoo of a Doramoc on his thumb in gold and red.  He is 6’1” and has a massive chest and rugged arms.  He has on a golden sport coat that has a soft fiber all over it and the collar he has bent up to accent his hair.  He also has on a dark green polyester shirt and tight brown corduroy pants that show off his visible large man bulge.  He also has on tan size 13 sneakers and a homemade beaded necklace and silver ring with a compartment for cocaine.
     “I would, but they’ve already singed my nose hairs, so what’s the point.  Hey, Rosemary, you wanna hear Waspus in the first set like usual?” asked Tom honestly as he leaned in next to Rosemary and put his hand on her back.
     “Only if I get to see that anaconda in your pants later tonight,” said Rosemary in a sultry voice as she grabbed Tom’s man bulge tightly and shook it while she looked up at him longingly.
    “You’ll see more than that, you’ll be lucky if you can remember your own name when it’s over,” said Tom slyly as he reached down and rubbed Rosemary’s breast and kissed her passionately.
     “What is this crap, I thought it was us for tonight you lying wench.  And after all I’ve done for ya, like bathing and pretending to not have money when a bum comes up to us,” said Den sarcastically in a loud voice as Pat laughed and Rosemary looked over with a hint of a smile on her face.
     “You forgot stealing toilet paper from my house and wearing my bras, but I won’t mention it,” said Rosemary sarcastically as everyone laughed.  And Tom patted her shoulder and mouthed the words,” see you later.”
     Then in walked Grega Sorhen with a smile on his face as he waved to the bartender.
     Grega has long straight blonde hair that shoots back off his forehead from a pointy widow’s peak.  He has burgundy eyes and a thin pointy nose with a round bulb at the end.  His face is very handsome, but has a tiny scar on his left cheekbone.  He is 6’2” and 231 pounds and in very good shape.  His hands are large with thick fingers and he wears a size 14 shoe.  He has on a dark brown cashmere sweater with a white cotton undershirt with the face of Efor Lux and the words,” The truly wise man knows you’ll talk of his wiseness just after he leaves the room.  So it worries him not,” written around the outline of his face.         Efor Lux is a renowned genius from 7 decades earlier who figured out a way to chase thoughts out of a person’s head with very little effort.  He used this technique known as Lux phrases, where whenever he saw a person’s thoughts heading towards anything that could be harmful to him or his friends he would attack.  For instance if he felt a person was considering punching him he would say simply,” OH you know what’s funny?”     And then they’d ask what and he’d proceed to tell a humorous story like,” I heard about this woman who could take a whole can of beer in her pussy.  Can you believe that, there’s a guy out there with a dick shaped like a can of beer and I’m lonely on Friday nights.”  He wrote hundreds of these phrases and published them in his book titled,” Wasted adulthood.”
     Grega also has on a pair of black denim jeans and a pair of tan leather dress shoes with a large blue R on the sides in a red triangle on the toe.
     “Hey, Den, where’s the end of your rectum?  I can’t find my car keys!” shouted Grega jokingly and sarcastically as he walked up to the table and laughed.  This as all 3 at the table laughed and Den stood up and hugged Grega.  And Grega said jokingly,” I’d pat you on the back, but I’m too homophobic.  So it’s anal get those pants off,” said Grega sarcastically as everyone laughed and sat down.
     “Alright, enough talk of anal or, Pat, will spike my drink,” said Den sarcastically then he burst out laughing as did Grega and Pat shook his finger.
     “He’s only half joking, Pat, look the other way while we talk about ya behind your back,” said Rosemary sarcastically as Pat looked away quickly like he was a dullard.  Then she made a face like a horse as everyone laughed.
     “Oh fuck this, let’s have it, Grega,” said Den sternly as he reached out his hand and made a motion like he wanted Grega to give him something and grinned.
     “What are you talking about, what drugs I don’t do your heathen quick answers to man’s questions,” said Grega coyly as he grimaced and looked side to side at the table.  This while he knew that Den wanted to see the money he owed all 3 of them.   And they wanted the tickets to the Poobo ball in New York City.   And then he looked at all 3 of them and pulled a trio of yellow envelopes from his pocket and threw them to each of them.
     “Thank God for God ‘cause I really lost faith.  Thank you, Grega, me boy, but where’s your ticket?” asked Den as he opened the envelope and saw the 20,000 dollars.  And he knew he’d be fine for at least 6 months.
     “Yeah, Grega, you’re still coming aren’t ya?  I don’t want to be stuck with these two,” asked Rosemary anxiously as she fanned her face with her stack of hundreds.
     “I wouldn’t miss the Poobo ball for anything, unless it was something more fun like breathing.  So yes I’m going,” said Grega slyly as he grinned at all 3 of them who let out a collective sigh of relief.
     “So when do we head out?” asked Pat eagerly as he pulled out a pack of Marlboro lights and started packing them on his wrist as he grinned at Grega.
     “Well they’re anytime anti-gravity shuttle tickets so we can go whenever you’re done packing.  And I do mean those cigarettes,” said Grega quickly and coyly as he looked at Pat wide eyed.  And Pat instantly stopped packing his Marlboro’s and grinned slightly.
     “Anytime tickets, those are all first class.  How did you afford that?  You shake down granny Bess?” asked Den half jokingly as he sat forward and rubbed his own biceps.
     “Let’s just say that I just said.  No, look I bet a guy at Scarborough Downs that Raging Hardon, a fifty to one shot would beat his horse Primodonna, which was the favorite,” said Grega proudly as he produced a large envelope filled with 100,000 dollars.  And he raised his eyebrows and laughed in a cocky fashion as the 3 of them eyed the envelope with smiles on their faces.
     “Raging, Hardon, I bet 1,000 bucks to show on that soon to be glue horse a week ago, to show mind you, and lost it all!  How in the hell did you pick him and win no less?” asked Den excitedly as he folded his arms and sat back in his seat as Grega laughed.
     “Because I knew the guy that owned him, Dick Somers, and I knew they had given him a high powered steroid.  So when Hardon took the track I let it be known I had money to wager to this old fat guy named Ronald.  Then I coaxed him into giving ME odds of 5 to 1.  Then I wagered 50,000 dollars and we…are…stylin’!” said Grega greedily as he let out a horse laugh and pumped his fist twice.
     “That is so sick, well we know who’s buying dinner.  Go ahead and pony up the cash, Den, I’m dyin’ for steak and those country gravy potatoes I love,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she continued to fan her face with her money.   And Den grinned and then she said,” well if we’re all rich and in no need of work for several months.  Why don’t we all get the fuck out of here and head for New, York, Spity?  The sidewalks are covered with spit let’s face it,” asked Rosemary as she put her money in her pocket and let out an unsettling laugh.  Which was a laugh she did when she was about to do mischief.
     “I packed, we just need to swing by my place and grab my suitcases,” said Pat quickly as he put out his cigarette and wiped off his hands and then grabbed his money.
     “Same for me and, Rosemary, you got all your bras and panties packed, Grega?” asked Den sarcastically in a stern voice then Grega smiled and nodded yes.
     “Yeah I packed your suitcase like you asked,” said Grega sarcastically and then Pat and Rosemary laughed.  And then Grega said happily,” everything of mine is packed and in the car.  So let’s get up and be gone.”
     “Works for me,” said Pat as they all stood and headed for the front doors.
     Outside it was a sun shower as Doramocs and regular people were going in every direction in the busy Old Port.  The street is cobblestone and leads up to a paved street next to the waterfront.  There are dozens of different kinds of new and old anti-gravity cars and trucks, including Grega’s 20 year old Porsche Vermilup.  And it has a sleek design and is dark green with tiny specs of black all throughout the paint.  It is a 4 seater and has tinted black windows and a trio of exhaust pipes.  The horn plays the song,” Not an addict,” by the 1990’s band K’s Choice.
     The Doramocs ride exclusively in, Gummers, as we called them because they are 3 times the size of a truck and gum up the works.  The Gummers are shaped like a crab shell without the crab legs.  And are black, red, or silver depending on how powerful that Doramoc is in their government called the Qusama.  The really powerful Doramocs all drive the black ones including Wexor.  Only his has a pair of anti-gravity motorcycles attached to the sides because he loves to mingle with female humans and flirt with them.  He has bedded dozens of them much to the chagrin of his wife Birsten.
     “Alright look you 3 snapper heads, I don’t want any shouting in the backseat about the A/C.  Just accept I like it hot,” said Grega as he pressed the door opening button on his car remote.  And the doors disappeared as they have a mechanism that can scramble and realign molecules and atoms.
     “Fine, Grega, we’ll cook a little bacon on the seats for ya.  You sure you’re not a Doramoc?  We all know they love it good and toasty,” asked Rosemary slyly and sarcastically as she hopped in the front seat with Pat and Den in the back.
     “So what if I’m part Doramoc.  Where do you think I got my massive wang from?” asked Grega slyly and sarcastically as he pressed the door button and they reappeared.
     “Wang, or shit for brains?  That statement was a trifle misleadin’,” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she grinned over at Grega and shook his head around like there was something loose inside.
     “My brains are all brains, momma said so,” said Grega jokingly and in a little kids voice as he joked with her.  And then he said quickly as he eyed his holographic watch,” oh Jesus, we’ve got to hurry or we’ll miss the 4:30 shuttle.  Hold on I’m going rogue!” said Grega boldly then he pressed the upward acceleration and his Porsche lifted up into the air.
     They flew across town on the Longfellow sky route and grabbed Pat and Den’s luggage.   Then they headed over past Marginal Way and up to Munjoy hill to grab Rosemary’s luggage.  She ran into her house and everyone sat in the car and waited.
     “So do you think she’ll bring her Rex dildo or the Luther one?” asked Pat as he stared at a beautiful brunette woman in a black bodysuit stretching out her legs on a park bench.
     “Neither, I’m available Monday thru Friday.  She knows where to find a firm rod and a warm bed,” said Den crassly as he stared at the same woman Pat was as she ran in place.
     “O.K. now you’re creepin’ me out.  Let’s talk about something else, like how I’ll pound her head into the headboard while she screams at me in French.  French fries, Grega, French toast!” said Grega jokingly and in a loud voice as Pat burst out laughing and Den grinned.  This while the brunette was met by a Doramoc man in a white silk suit and he lifted her off the ground and kissed her.
     “That lucky prick, why aren’t I 17 feet tall and blue skinned?” asked Den in disbelief as he frowned and glared at the Doramoc.
     “Because your momma ain’t a fucking alien, so you are screwed, son.  Hey here comes, Rosemary, calm your jets,” said Grega quickly as he scrambled the door’s molecules and Rosemary hopped in with a single leather bag.
     “Hey roll of dimes, put this in the trunk for me,” said Rosemary as she handed Den her luggage and smiled.  This while he grinned and then threw it in the trunk.
     “You mean silver dollars don’t ya, love?” asked Den jokingly and smoothly as he grinned. And Grega laughed as he lifted the car up in the air and they headed back into the Longfellow sky route.
     “What are you tryin’ to make change.  All this piggybank talk is gettin’ me hot and horny.   Quick roll over and lift your leg I smell a deuce comin’ on,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she used a stern voice.  And then everyone except for Den burst out laughing and Grega nearly crashed into a car beside them.
     They sped across town and the South Portland shuttle bay was ahead of them floating 3,000 feet above the ground.  It is shaped like an old toaster oven that has been turned on its side.  It has 3 large bays, one on top of one another in the front of the 1,200 foot high and 4,700 foot wide superstructure.  There are hundreds of cars and trucks flying in and out of the top bay.   The other 2 bays have the two massive and super fast Qurob shuttles inside that can travel at 2,000 miles an hour.  The building is dark red in color and has the image of Wexor emblazoned on it along the sides.   It shows him holding a long laser rifle and smiling from ear to ear.
     “This looks like the place, but where do we drop Rosemary off to get her back hair sandblasted off before the trip?” asked Grega sarcastically as he pulled his Porsche into the top level.  And then he said jokingly,” I’m just kiddin’ ya, Rosemary, but seriously where?”
     “Just park the car already or we’ll miss our departure time,” said Rosemary as she glared at Grega and wondered why she couldn’t think of a zinger.  And then she said sarcastically,” Ya know, Grega, I hear guys like you get lots o’ dates in New York.   Oh wait that’s prison, excuse me so much.”
     “That’s where we’re all headed so it’s nice to know we’ll enter the dating pool ahead of the warden,” said Grega sarcastically as he parked the Porsche and scrambled the doors.    And Pat and Den laughed while Rosemary looked over at Grega and rolled her eyes.
     Inside the hangar bay there is a bustle of activity as hundreds of people unloaded their cars and headed for the Qurob shuttles.  Many of the cars and trucks were floating above power cells as they took full advantage of the free juice.  There are Doramocs milling about yelling obscenities at any person that draws near in the hopes of drawing them into a fight.  There is a large movie theater on the right side of the bay that is playing the movie, Broken Perfections, on a massive living holographic stage.   It gives each person the feeling the movie is happening right on and around where they are sitting.  They use sound dampeners to deaden the sound so no one outside of the theater could hear even a whisper.
     Broken Perfections is a story of a beautiful almost unreal young girl, who is told everyday of her life how stunning she is.  Then as she gets out of high school she starts plotting against the government.  She feels their abuse of the Patriot Act is reprehensible and disgusting.   She sets about using a series of wealthy business men to cripple the financial sector by dumping a large quantity of stock all at the same time. They do this to force the government to step in and bail out the large corporations, which are owned by the men she enlisted.  Then as the country is in ruin she executes a raid on Washington D.C. that kills off the president and 40 members of congress.
     The walls of the bay have a glowing hologram of Wexor kicking the game winning goal in the championship match at the World Cup, plastered from end to end.
     “Alright let’s steer clear of those Doramoc fuckers on the left there.  They’re looking for damage and we’ve got places to be,” said Grega softly as he grabbed his black cotton suitcase from the trunk.   And Grega watched as a pair of young men got berated by 2 large Doramocs in black leather suits and red and gold sunglasses.
     “That is a wise decision, now let’s hustle we have to be boarded in 5 minutes and Pat needs to sit down to pee,” said Den sarcastically then he looked at Pat’s angry face and laughed.
     Then they started to hurry towards the anti-gravity elevators on the right that are in a dark red mahogany and marble sphere.  The doors to the elevator spiral inward and pulse as they do.  When they reached the elevators Grega looked back and saw the Doramocs pushing the 2 men around like play things.   Grega felt very angry because it wasn’t the first time he’d seen this behavior, far from it.
     “Let’s go, Grega, the doors are open already,” pleaded Rosemary as she tugged on Grega’s arm and he grimaced and hurried into the elevator.
     They pressed the button for the ground floor and were there only a moment later.  The door’s spiraled open and they could see the Qurob shuttle.  It is covered in Doramoc propaganda that includes lines like,” We’re all the same now, embrace our everlasting friendship,” as well as the lines,” Why worry of life, there’s too many fun things to do on Wexor’s world.”    It is shaped like a race car, but has a pair of large jet shaped anti-gravity cells on the wings that glow a dull red.  It also has 3 eye shaped black tinted windows on the front.   And a trio of large plasma windows on the sides, that surround the entryway doors.  Which are mahogany and have the words,” Give in to life,” carved onto them and surrounded by gold.  It also has a wide blue observation deck on the rear that shows in flight plays and movies.
     “That looks like a whole lot of party.  Where do we put our tickets?” asked Pat as he pulled his red marble oval shaped ticket out of his pocket and looked at everyone doing the same.
     “Oh Jesus, I left my ticket in the car,” said Grega sarcastically as everyone looked at him in shock.  And then he grinned and said slyly,” how you dumb boners ever learned how to breath I never will know.  Alright look we don’t swipe our tickets as we walk in it does it automatically for us.”
     “And what if someone doesn’t have a ticket and is trying to sneak on, then what?” asked Rosemary as she walked up to the doors and then glanced over at Den who was eyeing the doors.
     “You get shot in the face with a knockout spray and then security carries your broke ass off the ship,” said Grega honestly as the doors swung sideways into the ship’s walls.
     “What if the ticket doesn’t work thou..., Grega,…hey that isn’t funny, Grega, say something!” pleaded Rosemary as Grega ignored her and hurried thru the doors as she tried to keep up.
    All 4 of them were safely thru the doors and Den said happily,” For a second there I thought you were serious about that spray.”
     Then behind them a man in a red sport coat walked thru the doors and got doused with the knockout spray as a siren went off.  Then 2 Doramocs security guards came out of a secret compartment and started pummeling the man.  Then they tossed him out the doors and one shouted,” No free rides motherfucker!”
     Rosemary looked on in horror and then the Doramoc turned and looked at her.  And she quickly looked away and said sternly,” Not a word, Grega, if you love me at all.”
     Then Grega just smiled and they walked down the mahogany arched hallway towards the massive games and relaxation room where you sat during the trip.  The walls of the hallway have several doorways that lead to exclusive and lavish Doramoc quarters that take up 2 thirds of the ship.   Each of the doors has the mark of Gabra on it which is the Doramoc God.   The mark consists of a sword cutting off a hand at the wrist with a pen in it.
     Gabra for the Doramocs is a birthright exclusively for them and their kind and not to be enjoyed as God by all.  There are 10 known beliefs for the Doramocs that go as follows,” 1. Be the sword that severs a man’s courage if he not respect thee.  2. Find a joke that fills your mind with laughter and tell no one.  3. When an impasse arises between you and your wife placate her and give it no concern.  4. If a friend stops being friendly destroy everything they love, as they were only pretending to be your friend.  5. Find Gabra’s creative spark in others and tell them not or lose the power of knowing.  6. The bringers of information always have a partial opinion of theirs to spread.    So be wary of taking anything at face value unless you sought out the information yourself.  7. Give wives every kindness and everlasting love until they break their marriage vows then kill them.  8. I intended the universe for you so take it and be just in its upkeep, but never feel sympathy for any other race.  9. Surrounding you is an invisible pride and frivolity, remember this always.  10. If the last of your kind dies by horrible means I also will have died.   So fight every battle like you are near death.
     “Alright look, Rosemary, I get it, you’re in love with me, but I’ve got 6 or 7 girlfriends so I can’t reciprocate.  What concession I’ll make is 8 or 9 hours of sex and, that doesn’t include alcohol, which of course you’ll have to bring.  I like naty light by the way,” said Den sarcastically as he used a deep northeastern accent and leaned in close to Rosemary who grimaced and pushed him away.
     “Yeah, I’ve got your fantasy world in my mind now, but you left out me killing you before the alleged sexcapades.  And then of course, Pat, and I choppin’ your body up and servin’ it to the police charity dinner.  We all know they love gamey meat,” said Rosemary half jokingly and sarcastically as she smirked at Den.   Den who shook his finger at her and Grega laughed as did Pat.
     “Boy you are turnin’ me on.  If you didn’t love me you would have tossed my body into the Back Bay.  Now it’s all about marriage and 3 ways in our future, me turtledove,” said Den sarcastically as he smirked at Rosemary who was trying not to laugh as they came to the games and relaxation room.
     Inside it is 550 feet long and has 3 levels with different forms of recreation on each.   They are accessible by carpeted walkways and air jets that lift you effortlessly all the way to the 3rd level.  On the first level are 2 movie theaters that have plush brown and purple couches set up around a holographic movie.  And the movie is selected by one of the Doramoc captains and today’s are, Star deviation, and the movie, Lost friends of tradition.
     Star deviation is about a teenage boy who gets abused by his family then steals a starship and takes off into space.  Then he finds an uncharted world called Boacu.   And before long they believe he is a messiah and crown him their king.  Then the boy takes it upon himself to rule with an iron fist, but soon discovers that he actually is their messiah.   And writes a 746 page book of scripture that foretells the future.
     Lost friends of tradition is a western that centers around the last cowboy on Earth that fought off the Doramocs.  And a group of 7,000 ranch and oil well owners in Texas that band together to destroy the Doramoc army in one last gasp.  After 3 minutes the cowboys were no more and their bodies were burned in front of the town hall as a message to the people of Houston.
     On the second level there is a pair of living rooms that have large holographic TV sets in front of them.   And a dozen plush couches in front of those that have large brown tables filled with meals and beverages, that you press a button and they rise up hot and ready to eat.   Many of the meals are gourmet like Filet Mignon and lobster whipped potatoes.   And of course a Doramoc dish called Hema that tastes indescribable and is a type of pie.  There are also 2 rows of experience video games, that allow you to feel like an adventure or sport is actually happening to you.   You hook up a small censor to your temple and then you are thrust into that world.  There is a trio of large plasma windows on 3 of the 4 walls that make you feel like you are outside in the clouds.   And you can enhance targets deep out in space by touching the window and highlighting an area, then it will magnify it until it is in the palm of your hand.
     The third level has a chill lounge with full bar and robotic bartender behind a maple countertop.  There are also 15 large black recliners at the bar.  And a dozen large plush brown and black beanbag chairs set up around the room.  There is also the band, Desperate but Legal, playing a loud subtle rock and roll fronted by lead singer and guitar player Jae Morama.
     Jae Morama is a daytime financer of large business deals and a nighttime rockstar.  He came to music after his father died and left him 100 million dollars.  Then he used the pain of losing his father at such a young age of 20, and poured it into songs of rage and desperation.   Like the song, Hard and nimble song, that was a huge hit locally due in large part to all of Jae’s classmates calling the radio station repeatedly.  He never found success outside of the northeast or nationally, but they still can draw a crowd in Portland.
     The room is filled with people on the lower level as Grega and everyone look around anxiously.
     “Hey, let’s head upstairs and grab a cold one.  I’m dying to sit down and wax poetic about politics and greed.  Here’s my 85 page poem titled, why I mop the men’s room at Harvard.    I love me work I am no jerk, I taught the teacher how to tinkle on top of Rip Van Winkle,” said Den sarcastically and as he raised his right arm and left eyebrow and talked in a cockney accent.
     “Shut the hell up you retard.  The only Harvard you’ve seen is HARD TARD.  Or moron for short.  Let’s get a naty,” said Rosemary sternly and sarcastically as she waded thru the people in front of Den and Grega and beside Pat.
     They made their way to the air jets and Grega ran past Rosemary and jumped on the air jet with a goofy smile.  And when he did he shot straight up into the air to the 3rd level.
     “You son of a bitch, you’re buyin’!” yelled Rosemary up the air jet as she hopped on and then sped up.   And she saw Grega at the bar ordering 4 Natural Lights and she said coldly,” you worthless yellow belly beer buyin’, friend o’ mine.  Thanks for the gesture of good will, Grega.”
     “You’re welcome the beers are on their way.  Where’s the other 2 hidin’?” asked Grega as he eyed the female bass player for Desperate but legal, named Amo Hanio.
     Amo Hanio is a beautiful blonde haired vixen with dark green eyes and a long thin well defined nose, as well as pouty thick lips.  She has a small set of breasts, but has a large shapely bottom and muscular calve muscles.  She is 6’1” and weighs 142 pounds.  She has on a see thru top and black bra and a pair of black skin tight leggings and red tinted sunglasses, as well as black high heels.  She holds her black and red bass at her knees as she plays.
     “They just made it to the top, better hose ‘em down before we get kicked out for the smell,” said Rosemary jokingly as she saw the beers appear in front of her.   And grabbed one with one hand and put the other hand on Grega’s shoulder.  Then saw the women he was looking at and said warmly,” well she’s cute.  Is it spit and shit or cum and rum?” asked Rosemary as she slapped Grega’s back and laughed.
     “I’m hopin’ for a little bit of both.  Who is she, do you know?” asked Grega as he watched Amo play her bass and scowl at the audience of 50 people.
     “I don’t know her, but she looks like a 3 rubber girl.  Seriously, Grega, I’m first lookin’ out for ya and your immense penis, cause I might like to use it myself later,” said Rosemary slyly as Grega looked over at her.    And she laughed and then said happily,” so, so what I have needs.”
     “You need to get a job, you need to stop naming your dildos.  You need to not scream out your hurting my tits go faster when I’m on top of you,” said Grega slyly and jokingly as he eyed Rosemary who grinned sheepishly and then opened her mouth wide.
     “That was only one time and it was meant to be funny.  Gaw you are a grudge keeper and I don’t like it and I always will,” said Rosemary slyly then she giggled and gently punched Grega’s arm.
     “Hey what are you retards doin’?” asked Den sternly and jokingly as he and Pat ponied up to the bar and grabbed their natural lights.  And then Den saw Amo and said slyly,” there’s tuna in the room.  Thank god for first class!”
     “Calm your jets, Den, I saw her perfect ass first.  And I’ll be pounded it last, so drink up and try not to flirt with a Doramoc,” said Grega sarcastically as he looked at Den then Amo and took a sip from his beer.   Rosemary laughed at Den and he shook his head with her hands and sipped his natural light.
     “My jets are ready to lift off, Rosemary, and I do mean maximum explosive power.  So go ahead and take off those hot pants.   Then spend an hour trimmin’ that beard of yours it’s embarrassin’,” said Den sarcastically as he smirked at Rosemary who looked back at him wide eyed and then set down his beer.
     “You son of a bitch, if you had seen it you’d know it’s completely smooth and off limits to homeless people and crackheads.  So I guess you’re out!” said Rosemary sarcastically then she burst out laughing and threw her hair back quickly and Den laughed begrudgingly.
     Then Grega saw that the band finished its song and watched intently to see if that was the last song of the set.  Then the lead singer Jae stepped up to the mic and said softly,” We love you and we get you, but I need a beer or TWO.  So hang tight as we take a 25 minute break.  Then we’ll blow your sorry minds!  Love ya!” yelled Jae then he took off his guitar and shook it in front of his body as the crowd cheered.
     Jae has piercing blue and yellow eyes, dark brown hair that is long and tied into a square ponytail.  He has a short button nose and thick lips.  He is 5’7” and weighs 157 pounds and is very fit.  He has small hands and feet.  And he is wearing a black and white t-shirt that has a picture of king Pomlepop Game, from the movie, Paid on request.   With the words,” I thought you were naked, how embarrassing for you,” written beneath the naked picture of Pomlepop.  He also has on a pair of white silk dress pants and black tennis shoes, as well as a red cabala bracelet around his left wrist.
     Paid on request, is a story about a fake king who moves to Manhattan in the year 2021 and starts bilking old rich women out of their fortunes.  He does this by offering to sell them knighthoods and make them Dames.  The scheme is so profitable he soon has enough money to buy a lavish mansion on Martha’s vineyard.  Then he sets about having a nonstop 4 year orgy that includes many of the famous people living there.   And climaxes with a gun battle between Pomlepop and the police where he is gunned down after killing 4 police officers.
     Grega hurries over to the stage and walks right up to Amo and then asked,” Is it alright if I fall in love with you?  And when I say you I mean your beautiful sexy body, that I know is worth the embarrassment of staring at.  I’m Grega by the way and you are?” asked Grega warmly as he extended his right hand and Amo grinned and then shook it softly.
     “Amo, nice to meet you.  And thanks for staring at my ass, ya know that never happens when we play a bar,” said Amo sarcastically as she put her bass guitar in its case.  And then she smirked at Grega who stood there for a moment and did nothing.
     “I figured as much, which is why I felt a need to picture you naked in case I never saw you again.  My name is Grega by the way and you would be?” asked Grega coyly as he looked at Amo straight faced and she laughed and then threw back her hair.
     “My name is redundant redundant, nice to meet you.  Boy I sure am thirsty, I’ll just die if I’m not filled with cold liquid and soon,” said Amo coyly as she put her forearm to her head dramatically and smiled.  This while Grega nodded softly and smiled slightly.   
     “Ya know there’s a water fountain right over there.  I’d hate to see you die of thirst and all,” said Grega coyly as he pointed to a cigarette machine and smirked.
     “Hey that looks like a cigarette machine.  What kinda shit are you pullin’?” asked Amo jokingly as she looked at the machine and then said flatly,” alright look you fuckin’ burnout, you want this ass I’d better get a Budweiser and I mean now.  Cause if I don’t you’re gonna end up naked with only your hand bouncing on your boner.”
     “Bud sounds great let’s head, and I mean HEAD to the bar.  You got any money?” asked Grega sarcastically then Amo glared at him and he burst out laughing.
     “That’s only funny to millionaires, not to guys who steal food from the soup kitchens,” said Amo sharply and jokingly as she and Grega walked over to the bar.   She grabbed his ass tightly as he looked her dead in the eye.
     “I was never found guilty on those charges.  Wait, how did you know about that, are you a bails bondsman?” asked Grega sarcastically as he squeezed Amo’s ass and felt how hard and firm it was and got a bit nervous not wanting to blow it.
     “If I were, you’re arrested for lewd and barely drunk behavior.  I sentence you to 10 beers and all night sex with me, but since we’re not sleeping on the ship, you need to pay for the hotel room in New York City.  Now pay the bailiff,” said Amo sarcastically in a stern voice as Grega smiled and put his hands up like he was about to be handcuffed.
     “Works for me, my friends and I have suites at the Guess building.  So guess where you’ll be staying, gorgeous?  That’s right in a closet next to my bed.  Just joking, love,” said Grega slyly as he smiled and Amo laughed and waved her finger at him.
     “Joking, I want that closet I heard there’s a full kitchen in it.  What, you’ve got some other woman getting the closet.  That’s really unfair I need 8 beers to drown my sorrows please, sexy man,” said Amo sarcastically as she pouted her lips and pretended to look bored while Grega laughed.
     Then in walked a pair of Doramocs as Grega ordered Amo a beer.
     “Hey, Grega, who’s your friend?” asked Rosemary as she sauntered up next to Grega.  This while Pat and Den sat at the end of the bar telling stories and playing a holographic video game called, Con Brother.
     Con Brother, is a game where you pretend to be secret agents and sports stars to con people out of money and to get women into bed.  Then once you had impregnated 30 women and stole 50 million dollars.   You are off to Hollywood to con your way into a major motion picture.  Then once you have, you parlay your success into a governorship and then the presidency.
     “This is beautiful and talented Amo, Amo, this is, Rosemary Pedal,” said Grega warmly as he motioned to Rosemary, but kept a keen eye on Doramocs who were heading for the bar.
     “Nice to meet you, Rosemary, we should talk after the show, which reminds me I’ve got to get back, Grega.  Thanks for the beer thou and especially the company,” said Amo warmly as she held onto Grega’s bicep.
     “I couldn’t have been more blessed then to have met you.  Now get up there and rock and roll!” said Grega excitedly then Amo laughed and acted like she needed to tell him something.  And then when he leaned in kissed him on the lips.
     “Remember not to flirt with any other women or I’ll cut your balls off,” said Amo sternly as she gave Grega a look that said don’t mess with me.   And he clutched his heart and leaned back.
     “Do you believe in fate?!” shouted Grega as Amo back pedaled up to the stage and she nodded yes and smiled.
     There are 2 Doramocs standing behind Den and Pat watching them play Con brother, when Den suddenly turns to Pat unaware who’s behind him and then he said snidely,” Next stop king of the Doramoc horde, Patty. Smell the octane,” said Den happily after becoming a hit Hollywood actor in the game.  And then he noticed the Doramocs standing behind him and said apologetically,” oh I’m sorry fellas it was just a bit of Maine humor, no offense.”
     “Is that what you idiots in Maine call funny?  Huh you shit eating FUCKERS!” shouted Pendo Hamu as he hit Den’s shoulder hard and knocked him down in his seat.
     Pendo has purple and orange piercing eyes and a long mane of seal black hair that curls up at the tips.  He has a wide nose like a horse with large flared nostrils and a mini red orb that is attached to the inside and outside of his nose.  He has a snarling mouth and massive tree trunk legs and hands that can hold a basketball like a golf ball.  He and his friend Ancoa Egorm are wearing black leather jackets and dark blue denim jeans, as well as red leather Nike sneakers.
     “Hey man he apologized, leave him alone already,” pleaded Pat as he stood up from his seat.
     Then Ancoa pushed him back into his seat and Pendo said snidely,” You two are on my edge of destruction.  People fall off this shuttle all the time.  Go ahead and get your raggedy fuckin’ asses up and out of those seats!”
     Then Den glared at Pendo, but then realized he was in deep trouble if he fought him.   Then Den stood up and moved away from the chair as did Pat.
     “They’re all yours, didn’t have to be so forceful.  We don’t want any trouble,” said Den calmly as he extended his hands out and then turned and saw Grega and Rosemary right beside him.
     “Get the fuck out of here you sub species shitheads.  You’d better heed my warning,” said Pendo fiercely as he glared at Den who backpedaled away. 
     Then they walked over to the front of the stage before anyone said a word.   Rosemary put her arm around Den and said warmly,” There was nothing you could do, Den.  You fight him he might have killed you.  Just forget about it we’ve got places to go.”

                                                                       Chapter 2

                                                                 New York Spity






     In the afterglow of the, albeit brief Doramoc war, several cults sprung up in the cities, as well as in the Heartland.  These cults now knew there was alien life and had to abandon their former religions.  They started several religious think tanks to find the new religion for the world.
     The Gaso religion embraced sex and rock and roll and abandoned their drive to succeed.  Instead they started working hand and hand with the Doramocs, and catered to their every whim.  This brought them great wealth and made their cult the most substantial.  Then they got their drive to succeed back.   And they started running for state and local governments.   And infiltrating rogue religions and counterculture organizations that harbored ill will towards the Doramocs.  
     The most powerful of these groups were the Kials.  The Kials had spread the word around New York that someday they would rise up.   And they would seize the Earth back from the Doramocs and their supporters, which they called the Aunties.  When they realized that the Doramocs were onto them their hierarchy went into hiding.   Their legitimate businesses continued to thrive and bring them great wealth.  Then a Doramoc general issued a decree that went as follows,” If man chooses the opposite side to what is right and what is just, he kills us all slowly.  If you are that man or know that man, be the man that saves us all from him by bringing him to justice.  When you see the heaven we’ll create on Earth for you, you’ll know it was worth it.  And if this man a friend, but a murderer of your soul he is.   Turn him in and be whole again!”
     The Qurob flew into New York City and all the passengers raced to the plasma windows to see the beautiful nighttime skyline.  The Guess Building was right in the center towering over all the rest.  It has the shape of Wexor with his arms outstretched into the clouds and thru them.  It is light orange in color and has millions of red tinted windows.   The windows can be scrambled, but still not allow any breeze over 20 miles per hour to enter no matter how far up you are.  It also has millions of blue and green lasers in between the windows that make the building appear to be alive.  There is a 500 foot wide oval plasma window in the belly portion of the building that houses a common area for its tenants called the Yupic theater.
     The Yupic is filled with several different kinds of rooms like video arcades and performance halls.   And they can slide in or out depending on the day of the month, and total 30 in all.
     Surrounding the Guess Building are 50 Actiona warships.    They resemble the shaven head of the Doramocs spiritual leader Latrain Possam.  They are also black and red in color and pack dozens of weapons like the molecular freeze ray.   The ray freezes the proteins you have in your DNA and then shatters them with a loud sound ray.   It is said to make eardrums bleed if you are close enough to hear it.   And its formal name is the Cramo.  There is a trio of large missiles on each side of the ship called Batousers or Bats for short.    And they travel at 20,000 miles per hour and are made of a dense super hard metal that allows the Bats to go right thru any ship it hits.   And also can take out dozens of ships in the process before being detonated by remote control.
     Latrain Possam is the most revered and well loved Doramoc on Earth by the Doramocs.  This is due in large part to the fact he had been rumored to have spoken with Gabra in his youth.  He documented this discussion in his blue book called,” The easiest hard thing I ever did.”    And it included the paragraph,” If you find hatred in the world, hate not it or them, Latrain.  Instead kill the people or thing that pushed them to that place.  If it is I who hate, what fate do I have?” asked Latrain.  “You must rid your mind of this hatred thru filling the world with passion and fairness.   But remember the days you hated so as to not repeat those mistakes that brought you to hate in the first place,” replied Gabra.”  Latrain lives at the top of the right arm of Wexor in the Guess Building with Wexor living in the left, both in lavish 20 floor homes that have over 125,000 square feet.
     The rest of the New York skyline is connected by a series of large bridges and platforms.    With hundreds of small and large parks filled with lush greenery and even tree houses.
     “So which is it, Amo, anal beads and broken fingernails?    Or do you want soft kisses and missionary love?” asked Grega half jokingly as he rubbed Amo’s shoulder.    And they looked out the plasma window at the Guess Building.
     “Both, you’re not sleepin’ tonight, stud.  And when we get up in the morning to eat breakfast.   I want you to laugh at all my jokes or I’ll be pissed all day,” said Amo honestly then she smirked at Grega.   And he looked at her for a second and then pretended to laugh.
     “Oh you crack me up.  I’ll have no trouble laughing at all your takes on humor, that’s for sure.  Oh you kill me ha haa haaa!” said Grega joyously as he pretended to laugh and bent over at the waist and held his stomach while Amo smiled at him.
     “Don’t pay attention to him, Amo, he was juggled as a child.  His parents stayed married after they realized they hated kids, but loved tormenting Grega,” said Rosemary jokingly as she tried not to smile at Grega who was still laughing.   And Amo laughed loudly and slapped Grega’s butt hard.
    “Keep it up mister, and you’ll wish you weren’t such a kidder hmmm,” said Amo jokingly as she spanked him.   And then Grega stopped laughing and clutched his butt.  
     “Alright, love, I guess I earned me abuse.  Boy that city looks beautiful at night,” said Grega softly as he watched as they neared the hangar bay on the Guess building.   And Grega started to wonder what all those people were doing at the same moment in New York.   And he clutched his chin and nodded.
      They neared the outer walls of the Guess.  And as they did the walls were scrambled and revealed a massive hangar bay.   It has 50 different slots for each shuttle that look like mini houses.   Each slot has its own living room and kitchen.   As well as a holographic movie projector surrounded by a brown plush sunken couch.  There are also statues of famous Doramocs up against the left and right walls, like one of Brati Kido.
     Brati Kido was an evangelist who separated from the Doramocs and declared himself god on Earth.  He soon had thousands of worshippers of all races and creeds.  Then as his popularity grew the elders of the Doramocs called Brati into their headquarters in the Guess building, and they grilled him for 7 minutes about how he could consider himself god.  His response was, to his followers he was god and not in a small way.  This made Wexor laugh so he said that his religion could continue, but only up to the point it became a nuisance.  Now 6 years later, Brati boasts over 100 million followers with 112 wives of his 564 of his children included in that figure.
     The walls are bowed inward.   And they have a large candle shaped mahogany door in the center wall with the phrases,” Don’t steal your religion from me, it’s taken.”    And the phrase,” Sunshine is an aphrodisiac in hell, but so are death wishes,” written in dark blue letters with gold vines throughout them all.
     “O.K., Den, why aren’t the Doramocs so friendly with us?” asked Pat as he headed for the exit door and walked beside Den and Grega.
     “Because they know we’re on to them.  Everyone else can’t see what they’ve become, but I see it all too well,” said Den firmly as he looked around for Doramocs.
     “Best to let it go, Den, and you too, Pat.  It’s their world now and we just live in it.  We can’t think that will ever change.  There’s just no point hoping it will,” said Grega calmly, but secretly he wished he could do something to get rid of the Doramocs.
     “I get it, Grega, but I also get that you don’t mean what you say.  We all know what happened to Bencu, Joso, and Brentu.  They were my friends too,” said Den quietly as he leaned in close to Grega who glared back at him and frowned.   Rosemary put her hand on Grega’s shoulder and he glanced over and saw her smile.
     “Hey, Grega, we’re on vacation from all that.  Let’s have ourselves a time alright,” said Rosemary implying a question as they walked thru the exit door and out into the hangar bay.
     “You’re right, Rosemary, let’s find ourselves a party.  I heard they have such things here,” said Grega sarcastically as he grinned and looked around the slot and then said happily,” we could just sleep right here, I mean look at it Jesus.”
     “I thought we weren’t sleeping tonight, Grega, hmm?” asked Amo as she grabbed hold of Grega then kissed him softly.
     “We aren’t,” said Grega quickly as he grinned and walked over to the door to the Guess building.   And then he stopped and waited for it to open.
     “What about our luggage, Grega?” asked Rosemary as she held up her bag.
     “Oh, almost forgot,” said Grega as he hurried back over to Rosemary and then grabbed his bags and said happily,” alright we just take these inside and then they’ll carry them up for us.”         
     “They’d better or I’ll kick some sweet ass,” said Rosemary sternly as she let out a sigh and headed for the door to the Guess.
     As they walked up all the other passengers were walking right thru the holographic doors.    And everyone saw this and laughed at Grega for waiting for it to open.
     “Fine fine, laugh it up, I knew it was fake,” said Grega sarcastically as he ran thru the holographic door and into the hotel lobby, with everyone running thru behind him and laughing.
     Inside there are a series of see thru plasma tunnels, or tubes that lead to various parts of the hotel.  Each of the tunnels has its destination marked by a glowing blue laser in the walls.   They say things like, ”lobby,” or ,”indoor golf course”.   And give you the feeling you are floating above the floor in some cases 15 stories below.  The room itself also has several large fountains depicting the battle between the Doramocs and humans.   And are made from red, black, and green marble and have the caption that reads,” You had nothing we wanted, so we took everything,” as well as the caption,” Why resist the impossible it always comes to fruition.”   Around the fountains are an 18 hole golf course that winds its way thru the hotel and is called,” The Regal rebellion.”
     “Alright great, Rosemary, where in the hell do we go first?” asked Den slyly as he stood beside everyone as they looked around the room.   And as they did 5 busboys walked up and took their bags.
     “How do you know what room we’re in?” asked Grega as the busboys started off with their bags.
     Then a silver haired young busboy turned and said happily,” Your tickets logged in your suite numbers when we got close to you.  It’s all the marvels of technology, Grega.”
     “He knows my name too, this is weird for the sake of, Rosemary, which is pretty frickin’ weird if you think about it!” said Grega loudly and sarcastically as people walked past and he did an awkward dance and everyone laughed.
     “Grega, where are we going right now?” asked Amo as she let out a sigh and smiled as Grega grinned and pointed up.
     “To the stars, me turtledove, the room is 8 floors up and then a turbo elevator another 75 floors, and then we’re stylin’,” said Grega happily as he looked at Amo and then nodded.
     “Fine, let’s get going,” said Amo sadly as she grabbed Grega’s arm and kicked him gently with the side of her foot.
     “Well we’re heading into the casino to rid those worthless Doramocs of their Natives soulless money.  Ain’t that right, Pat?” asked Den excitedly as he grabbed Pat’s arm and put his own head in a headlock.   Pat laughed and tried to fight him off.
     “Alright let’s lose all our money and hit Grega up for our whiskey needs later.  Plus we get to stare at the hostesses butts while they walk off with our 25 cent tips, hmmm, Rosemary,” said Pat slyly as he tried to stick it to Rosemary for a tip she left a waiter in Atlantic city.   And she glared at him wide eyed.
     “That was an accident, I, I thought I’d already tipped him and you know it.  Hey, Grega, I see you sneakin’ off.  Where’s my goodbye hug?!” yelled Rosemary as Grega and Amo started up a tunnel with their heads touching and their arms wrapped around each other’s waists.
     “You still owe me 2 hugs from my birthday party last year.  I remember that slight, Rosemary!” yelled back Grega jokingly as he continued to walk.
     “It was one hug, and I made up for it later the next day you convict!” yelled Rosemary as she let out a giggle and flipped Grega the bird, but he didn’t see her do it.
     “How do we get to said casino?  And secondly where do they back up the truck for my winnings?” asked Den slyly as he tried to kiss Rosemary and she resisted.    And then she let him kiss her on the cheek.
     “That door on the left there says Poker room and lounge.  I’d guess that’s it, but I’m only a genius,” said Pat jokingly as he pointed to a pair of dark green wooden doors on the first floor.   The doors have a pair of Yosemi Ball statues on either side of them.
     Yosemi Ball was the great Welsh poker player and all around troublemaker.   Who was the first, second, and third person to beat Wexor in the international Poker tournament called The Balance Due.  The event is televised worldwide every year.   And it includes a field of 100,000 people and Doramocs all putting up 300,000 dollars.    And they play the poker game Canadian Moncourt Guts for a chance at the 100 billion first prize and immortality, as Wexor always won.  During The Balance Due, Yosemi proceeded to cut thru the first 30,000 people at each 6 man table.   He did this in such a way that he ended up with 5 times as much money as the second place player in the tournament.   Then he decided to start berating the other players.    As he folded every hand he was dealt without looking at his cards and saying to one player,” If I had your looks, and wet half brain.   I would probably pump gas for tips.  How many quarters you got in your pocket jiggling around there?”   Then after 2 days of this behavior, he up and left the tournament for 12 days and only returned for the final table.  After 10 hours of play, there sat only Wexor and Yosemi directly across from one another for the 100 billion.  Then Wexor and Yosemi continued to lose over and over again to the deck hand.   This meant they had to pay the pot what was in it for an equal amount and it drained their stacks.  This quickly drained all their money until all the money at the table was in the pot.  Then Yosemi said snidely,” Hey, Wexor, you really think I care who you are?  I’ve beaten you already your subconscious just hasn’t sent you the script.”  Then he grinned slyly and Wexor fumed.  Then the cards were dealt and when Yosemi saw he had 2 wild cards 
as his hole cards he burst out laughing and shouted the now famous words,” You won the war, but I won your pride, so choke on it, chubbs!”   Then Yosemi won as Wexor had nothing and Yosemi also beat the deck hand.
     “You sure about that, Pat, I thought the cable company specifically asks its employees to have IQ’s of 96?   Ya know, so you wouldn’t get bored plugging wires into boxes?” asked Den jokingly as he grinned at Pat and Pat shook his head at Den.
     “97, get your facts straight.  And the semen sample is optional,” said Pat sarcastically in a nervous voice as Rosemary laughed and then Den laughed too.
      They walked up to the casino doors and they disappeared as they were holographic.  They walked in and could see a ten football field long and 5 level room that had every game of chance ever created.  There are floating poker anti-gravity tables that have chairs that would rise up and down as a player wanted to leave or join the game.  There is a sunken pit of holographic pull arm slot machines.    That involve solving challenges in various video games to earn more of a payout.  The machines are set in a circle around a robotic crew member.   That crew member is there in case of any discrepancies.   And the machines are surrounded by a huge beanbag plush brown chair that has armrests and back support and can be used by all the players.  There are also dispensers of beer and food built into each chair.    They allow you to order on the touch screen of your slot machine.   And then the food would rise up to you.  The casino has several floating fountains that are surrounded by driving ranges and putting greens.   This is to give the players a way to let off steam without losing them to another part of the hotel.  There is also a gourmet chef that has fresh food circulating throughout the room.   That you can buy at the touch of a button.  The chairs at the movie theater at the far end of the room are shaped like a baby in the fetal position lying upright.   And they have a cocoon like feel as you can adjust the sound to whatever you like.   And no one next to you can hear a thing because of the sound dampeners.  You also can play video games, make phone calls, read ebooks, or even sleep thru parts of the movie as no one can see or hear you.  They even have 2 and 3 person ones that allow people to have sex or for a family to bring their children and all sit together.  When the movie is over a blue and green orb fills the room with the words,” Leave while you still can,” written on it in glowing red letters.
     “So what game should we play or are you in the mood for the slots, hmm?” asked Rosemary as she picked a wedgie and looked around the room.
     “Hey there’s a movie theater at the far end.  We might as well take a look and see if it’s something we haven’t seen yet,” said Pat as they walked past a Canadian Moncourt Guts table and Den’s eyes lit up.   He stopped and read the sign underneath the table that read,” First come and take a chair gets to play.  C’mon up the money’s fresh.”
     Canadian Moncourt Guts is a 6 person game where you ante up a certain agreed upon amount.  Then you’re all dealt 2 cards and a third card is flipped up as a community card.   2’s are wild when you have 2 cards and 3’s when you have 3 cards and so on up to 5 cards.   Then you throw your cards in and get 2 cards again, but this time 6’s are wild and then on that third card 7’s.   And you do this until you get to kings and then you start back over with 2’s, as aces are never wild.   And go until someone wins the pot.  You are responsible to pay the other player the same amount of money that is in the pot.   If you both call and someone wins, to win the pot you have to beat the deck hand.    The Deck Hand is a separate hand of cards the dealer deals that all the players not in the hand have the say over.    They decide to throw cards or keep what cards they’ve got.   You can’t say what the other player’s cards are if you have seen them on a previous hand.  You have this because no one throws in their cards until after the fifth round and the fifth card has been dealt.  A player can win on any round, but has to beat the deck hand to do so.   And also has to be the only player who called when the dealer goes around and asks all 6 players twice if they are in or out.  But if multiple players call and lose to the Deck Hand., they all have to pay the same amount that’s in the pot, to the pot.    This is why a good player may fold so as to not lose all his money on average cards.   If 2 or more players call and the Deck hand doesn’t beat them they slide their cards to one another.    And the one with the better hand wins the same amount that is in the pot from the losing player.  The game generates enormous pots as many players will not want to give up the accumulated sum caused by the deck hand.
     “Ya know I’m dyin’ for cards.  Why don’t you head on without me, I’ll be right here if you need me,” said Den implying a question in a soft voice as a glimmer of joy came over him.   And he began to think of playing all night long and tripling his money.
     “Boy you look gleeful and the greed is already creepin’ into your brain.  We’re not gonna see you again all night I know it,” said Rosemary slyly as she grinned at Den who burst out laughing, because he knew she was right.  And he threw up his hands.
     “Let’s hope, cause if you don’t I’m tearin’ those brat fuckers up there a new one.  Not even God himself could hate a card player.  I’ll see ya,” said Den happily as he raced over and took the last seat to the Canadian Moncourt Guts game.    And then waved as he floated up to the table and Rosemary and Pat flipped him the bird and laughed.
     “Alright, Pat, let’s check out that movie theater.  And if it’s a shitty movie we hit the slots or maybe the tables, but we can’t lose all our money on our first night here,” said Rosemary sternly as her and Pat headed for the movie theater.
     “Do you think anyone really wins in a casino?” asked Pat honestly as he eyed a beautiful strawberry blonde haired buxom woman next to the roulette tables.   And he thought about talking to her, but then got nervous and decided she wasn’t his type.
     “Yeah, the casino, Pat, they win every time.  The rake on the slot machines alone pays for everything else.  But occasionally some dumb turd eater wins a fortune.   And it convinces everyone else that there’s a reason they gamble their life savin’s away.  Like we’re gonna do before too long if this movie sucks,” said Rosemary in a stern voice as they walked past a large man in a gold and red silk suit holding up a tip jar that reads,” I’ll do anything for a tip, except that.”
     “ Hey let’s see what this guy here will do for a twenty,” said Pat and then he threw a 20 dollar bill into the guys square box and stepped back and waited.
     Then the guy began to laugh hysterically and shouted,” Oh wow you saved my life a whole twenty bucks!  Now I can get that kidney surgery I needed!  Boy you must be millionaires, look everybody high society shittin’ in our piss pot!” said the guy loudly and then he burst out laughing as Rosemary and Pat laughed as well.
     “Nice work, Pat, you found the best dressed homeless man in the city and he’s dyin’ for your room number.  Fuck, I think I smell threesome, P .A. T., with the hotel maid and your new friend here!” said Rosemary sarcastically and loudly as she laughed hysterically.    And then guy in the gold suit looked unhappy at what she’d said and this made Pat smile.
     Pat led Rosemary away from the guy as she was laughing so hard many people were staring.
     “Rosemary, you’re gonna have us sleepin’ at the YMCA with all the male prostitutes.   And I suspect undesirable snoring and flatulence from most of them, including you.  Is that what you want, me turtledove?” asked Pat sarcastically as he gently slapped Rosemary’s shoulder and shook his head as she smiled back at him.
     “Me turtledove, that’s Grega’s line you son of a bitch.  And in regards to the YMCA!   There’s plenty of room for you, Den, Amo, and Grega to stay there while I beg the hotel to stay here in the empirical suite,” said Rosemary jokingly as she continued to laugh and Pat waved to people staring at the two of them as they walked by and he smirked.
     “Rosemary, you’ve got to keep it together we’re not even drunk yet for naty light’s sake.  Now snap out of it, and we’ll have sex in the aisle of the theater, I promise,” said Pat jokingly as he put his arm around Rosemary’s waist.   And she continued to laugh for a few seconds and then stopped.
     “Hey, Pat, how come you never made a play for me like Grega and Den?” asked Rosemary honestly as she grinned at Pat who looked away quickly.
     “Because I loved ya too much, and I didn’t want to ruin that if it didn’t work out between us.  You’re a great girl, Rosemary, any guy’d be lucky to have you,” said Pat warmly as they walked past the 3 piece rock band,” Blue Weak,” playing in a fountain.
     Blue Weak was a former hit band in America, but had fallen out of favor when the female lead singer Kam Pork said to an interviewer,” The world needs a mass execution to trim off a lot of the dead weight.  Then the rest of us could do without all the traffic and crime.”   Her comments started a firestorm of criticism and an enormous backlash that ended the band’s popularity overnight.  Then Kam set about writing an album of the best songs she or anyone else had ever written titled,” I was just trying to be clever, suck on the irony.”   It spawned 10 singles that never got within the hot 20,000 song charts.
     “Well, Pat, I appreciate the gesture.  You’re right our friendship is too valuable,” said Rosemary warmly as she put her head on Pat’s chest and then said sarcastically,” and plus, I heard you were a 3 rubber man and I’m clean, clean.”
     “It’s 4, and thank you for not bringing it up.  For a moment there I thought how thoughtful you were for not mentioning it in PUBLIC!” said Pat sarcastically as he and Rosemary laughed and then they came to the theater and took a look around for the playlist.
     “I don’t see the movie titles anywhere, Pat my crotch hurts when I’m horny, do you?” asked Rosemary half jokingly as she looked at several holograms in front of the black maple round doors.
     There are 7 red silk curtains on either side of the doors that have the face of Lorap Tun and the words,” We may have laughed in the face of danger, but we were running from it as we did,” written beneath it in gold letters.
     Lorap Tun is Wexor’s artist brother.   And is well known for his painting of a smiling face with a gun barrel pressed up against the back of its head and then words,” If I’m dyin’ I’m lyin’, at least the first 700 years in an effort to get better perks,” painted beneath the face.  He also is a well known actor and lapsed humanitarian.    Who gave up charity work when he realized it was better to just give his money to strangers in need directly.  He also had a performance in the film,” Tear dust,” where he accidentally coined the phrase,” Why am I considered lazy if I was born dead tired.”  He spent the past 3 years spreading the Gaso religion as a celebrity spokesperson and advocate.
     “Hey I see it, it’s floating above the door look.  It says, “Silk for Supper,” I have not seen that,” said Pat as he pointed to the holographic image of Lorap Tun and the words,” Silk for Supper,” above it.
     Silk for Supper is a war movie about the battle of Berlin.   Where after the Doramocs had taken over several hundred thousand Germans took to the streets to fight one another, as they thought it was the end of the world.  They torched 85 percent of the city and started just randomly killing one another with no clear sides.  The battle lasted 5 months.    And as it spread to other parts of Germany, the Doramocs stepped in and stopped it with knockout gas and hallucinogenic darts they shot into the maddening horde.
     “I haven’t seen it either.  Isn’t that the one with that Lorap Tun guy?” asked Rosemary in a soft voice as she frowned and tried to remember and raised her right hand.
     “It is, I heard the special effects in the battle scenes are insane.  Plus it’s only supposed to be loosely based on real events.  What do you want to do, see it or no?” asked Pat anxiously as he really wanted to see it, but didn’t want to seem too eager or Rosemary might say no to spite him.
     “I say yes, but I can’t guarantee I’ll watch the whole movie, because I hear slot machine number 9 calling my name.  Rosemary, I’m holding your money come and get it,” said Rosemary softly as she shot her head back and forth and an odd smile crept across her face.
     “Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.  Pat, I’ve got a seat for you at the Roulette table on the far wall.  The bank’s been notified and they’re bringing the money for when you win,” said Pat over dramatically in an odd almost southern accent as he glared at Rosemary and she laughed and pretended to choke him.
     “Alright shit for brain cells, let’s head in,” said Rosemary happily as she reached out to grab the door handle.   And a pair of Doramocs, a man named Grider with his fly unzipped and a woman buttoning her shirt named Tret  burst thru the doors.   And the Doramoc man sidestepped Rosemary and she saw his large penis poking out and tried not to stare.
     “What the fuck are you looking at, peasant?  You couldn’t take the tip inside you, could ya cunt?” asked the Grider snidely as he glared at Rosemary and she recoiled and smirked at him.
     “You’re not so hot, that dick of yours would blow after 5 minutes and you know it,” said Rosemary sharply as she started to smile, but Tret slapped Rosemary’s face good and hard and split her lip wide open.
     “You watch it you little bitch!  You’re lucky I don’t bash your fucking skull in!  Keep starin’ and see what happens!” shouted Tret as Rosemary rubbed her lip and bit her tongue.   And the Doramocs stood and stared at her.
     “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to piss you off at all.  I meant to say FUCK OFF, you dumb bitch!  Hit me again and I’ll fucking kill you!” shouted Rosemary as she glared at Tret as a crowd was gathering around them.   And up ran a trio of security guards who got in between the 4 of them.   And Grider and Tret laughed and walked off with their middle fingers in the air.
     Then Dutsy Prag turned to Rosemary and asked,” Are you alright, young lady?”
     Dutsy is the head of security for the casino and has sandy blonde long flowing hair that goes to his shoulders.  He also has white eyes.   And a jagged large nose that tilts to the right with a large bump in the center.  He is 5’8” and weighs 159 pounds.   And has on a bright green and yellow coat with the word,” SECURITY,” on the chest.    And is wearing tan silk trousers and red leather dress shoes.
     “ It was ‘til that skank punched me in the mouth.  I was having a good time too when it happened,” said Rosemary breathlessly as she watched the Doramocs walk off and she felt very angry.
     “Aren’t you going to do anything to them?” asked Pat sincerely as he looked at Dutsy and he grimaced and let out a sigh.
     “We can’t do anything, they’re Doramocs and they could have quite frankly killed you and there’s nothing we could have done.  Are you going to be alright, young lady, if we leave you here?” asked Dutsy warmly as he gave each of his security detail a look that said it all.   And he felt helpless and looked at Rosemary who nodded yes and then Dusty said warmly,” I’m sorry about this, I’ll have something nice sent up to your room.  I just need to see your room key.” 
     Then Pat reached into his pocket as Rosemary looked around in a daze, as she couldn’t shake the humiliation.  And then Pat showed Dutsy the room key and Pat said,” We appreciate the gesture, thank you.”
    “Think nothing of it, this sort of thing is all too common these days.  You’ll find a special gift for you there when you go back to your room.  Have a nice night,” said Dutsy warmly as his eyes met Rosemary’s and then he and the other 2 guards hurried off.
     Pat and Rosemary stood there silently for a moment.    Pat started to say something and Rosemary said quickly,” It’s o.k., Pat, fuck ‘em, they’re not ruining our good time.  Let’s hit the movie and pray those fuckers get hit by a train.  And hopefully I’ll be driving it huh, Pat,” said Rosemary snidely as she hit Pat with the side of her butt.   And Rosemary laughed then she threw her hair forward and wrapped it into a ponytail.
     “Those pricks will get theirs, that is as certain as the socks winning their 70th title this year,” said Pat happily as they walked into the theater just as the rock band, “Trio of Sex,” began playing their song,” Might be forgotten love,” in front of a large audience on a revolving stage as they tried to warm up the crowd.
     “Trio of Sex,” is a 5 piece band that plays a now almost forgotten style called alternative rock.  They use wild imagery and quiet verses then loud raucous choruses to jolt the audience into hysterics.   Even thou many people have given up on caring about that style of music, because most of the songs are very depressing and the lyrics are complete bullshit.  The bass player Ranam Pobac is a Doramoc.   And he replaced their old lead vocalist and bass player after he killed him in a bar fight.  Ranam mimics his singing style and hairdo and very few people have noticed the difference.
     “What the fuck is this shit, Pat?  Is that Trio of Sex?” asked Rosemary excitedly as she hit Pat’s chest and then began dancing in the aisle.   And then she started throwing her hair in a circle, as Pat watched her with a smile on his face.
     “It is, I love that band!  Hey let’s pay and get our seats before they’re all taken!” yelled Pat as he nodded his head and then grabbed hold of Rosemary’s arm.
     “Oh yeah whatever,” said Rosemary flippantly as she was tugged by Pat over to a red and purple egg shaped booth.   On the right side of the booth there are the holographic words,” Guests pay for all services,” written around it several times.
     There is an African American blonde with long wavy hair named Pasil R. inside the egg.  She is a beautiful woman and is wearing a white spandex full body suit and a pair of red and black sunglasses with black frames.  She has dark brown eyes and thick lips, as well as a shapely figure.   And she is 5’4” and 121 pounds.
     “We’ll take 2 tickets please!   And can we get them right up front I’m lactose intolerant?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she looked at Pasil and danced to the music and Pasil grinned.
     “You’ve already have your tickets paid for.   For all our entertainment facilities when you bought your suites, Rosemary, as well as you, Pat.  So take any chair you want and that includes 2 person ones.  Have a nice time,” said Pasil warmly as she smiled at Pat who grinned back and instantly felt nervous.
     “Isn’t that the shit.  Boy Grega you are the man for getting those suites!  Thank you for letting us know the low down on the uptake,” said Rosemary excitedly as she rubbed Pat’s neck and shoulder and continued to dance from side to side.    Pasil laughed and Pat nodded like he was embarrassed.
     “Thank you really I hope to see you again sometime,” said Pat nervously as he grimaced and looked away from Pasil.
     “I would love it, Pat, my name is Pasil by the way.   You should come by some time and maybe we could grab some dinner?” asked Pasil as she curled a piece of her hair in her right hand and smiled while Pat started to sweat.
     “I’d, I’d love that, Pasil, when would be a good time?” asked Pat nervously as he half smiled and looked her in the eye.  While Pasil pretended not to notice his nervousness.
     “Anytime, Pat, I’d love to talk with you.  And if you want you could stop by in the morning at 8:30, because that’s when I get off,” said Pasil in a sultry voice as she eyed Pat’s muscles and raised her left eyebrow, while Pat started to get an erection and felt panicked.
     “Yeah that sounds great I’ll come and see you then.  See ya, Pasil, you look beautiful by the way,” said Pat quickly as he started to turn away to hide his man bulge from Pasil.   As he didn’t want to get a hard on in public and end up on the internet, but Pasil saw his large bulge and a smile came over her face.
     “Thank you, Pat, you look sexy as hell, 8:30, Pat, bring protection!” yelled Pasil as Pat waved and headed up the aisle with Rosemary towards the chairs in the front.
     “Nice work, Pat, when are you gonna tell her you’re gay?” asked Rosemary sarcastically then she broke out laughing.   And Pat gently pushed her face away and then she said sarcastically,” what, after all the gorillas and antelope you bedded.  Oh I’m ashamed you’d lead that poor girl on like that.”
     “Rosemary, you know the antelope was a onetime thing and the gorilla was sexy as hell.  So, what about you and that dead guy’s finger?  Care to shed any light on that?” asked Pat sarcastically as he and Rosemary climbed into a large 3 person chair and looked up at,” Trio of Sex.”   Just as the Ranam started doing spins and gyrating at lightning speed.   And Ranam’s shirt got shredded by a group of rowdy fans in the front.   Revealing a massive sculpted hairy chest and a tattoo that was of Forpush and had the words,” When I forget you I am forced to remember myself all over again,” written beneath the large black and red planet.
     Forpush is the Doramocs home world and it sits 50 galaxies away in the Feota star range.  It is 5,000 times larger than Earth and orbits a pair of suns one large and one small.  It has a large almost triangular land mass on one side of the planet that is filled with the Doramocs technology center called Sterg.  And Sterg boasts a 1,000 mile long endless city section.   That is filled with thousands of artificial parks and mountain ranges made from steel and lush greenery.    It also has a 10 million square foot castle that sits 6 miles up from the ground.   And it has a large bust of every ruler of Forpush set in brackets around the immense front doors.   The castle is called Sewa and is a country unto itself.   And only the current ruler and past rulers family and servants are allowed in.  Inside is a little known realm of large rooms filled with actual records of how the Doramocs came to be instead of what they tell their people.  The actual records state that they haven’t always been.   Instead they came about as a form of genetic experiment by the former inhabitants.  When they were allowed to breed independently after the initial year of the experiment, they multiplied at an unbelievable rate.   It soon became apparent it only took 7 weeks for a child to be born.  Their numbers increased so fast that the scientists exceeded the critical mass point of being able to do away with them.  This was mostly because the Doramocs were much larger, powerful, and even smarter still.  Then after a few tense years where no one knew what to make of them and what to do with them.   The Doramocs started incorporating war strategies and techniques into their long list of reading materials.    And soon they began plotting to do away with the Heas, as they were called.  Then they began stealing the access codes for their military warships.   And when they had all of them they launched a full scale war to overpower the Heas with their sheer numbers.  Within a few weeks all the Heas except for several that fled the planet were dead or dying.   And the Doramocs moved into their homes and castles.
     “I was horny as hell, fuck you.  I’ll be fucking your finger when you croak, Pat, get used to the idea,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she laid down in her seat and watched the band suddenly stop playing.    And then Ranam pushed his guitar player hard into the drums.   Sending them flying into the back wall and Rosemary said stunned,” holy shit he’s losing it.”
     Then Ranam grabbed hold of the neck of his bass and swung it at the guitar player’s head smashing it like a water balloon.  This sent a wall of blood at the drummer covering his face and white t-shirt reading,” Farts are love”.  Then Ranam walked up to the microphone and said snidely,” You Natives Soulless need to learn to stop smiling during a sad song.   Like that shithead guitar player just learned.  Remember you do what we say at all times!”
     Then Ranam flung his bass up into the back row hitting a pair of naked women having sex, right in the back and breaking one of their ribs.
     “Jesus Christ, Pat, did that actually happen?” asked Rosemary in shock and disbelief as she clutched Pat’s arm.    And she looked on in horror as Pat kept a keen eye on Ranam who was prowling the stage.   And Ranam was glaring at the people in the front row and spitting at them.
     “It did and we need to get the fuck out of here.  Let’s go, Rosemary, hurry!” said Pat sternly as he hurried out of his seat as did Rosemary.   And just as they got to the aisle Ranam began throwing drums at the audience and shouting incoherently.
     “You’re all a bunch of fucking bastards with no parents at all!  You’ll be waste before long!  Enjoy your mediocrity, it’s all you’ve got left!” shouted Ranam viciously as he started to walk out into the audience.   And Pat and Rosemary ran up the aisle and out the front doors.
     When they got outside they hurried thru the casino as a dozen security guards went into the theater with knockout sticks in their hands.  Then up walked Den with a smile on his face and a large leather sack over his shoulder.
     “Hey, Rosemary, how was the movie, a 2 or 3 boner flick for, Pat?” asked Den jokingly as he smiled from ear to ear.    And Pat and Rosemary glanced over their shoulders at him.
     “Somebody got fucking killed in the movie theater.  Den, It’s not safe to stand here and talk, let’s go!” said Rosemary sharply as she grabbed Den’s arm and began to pull him, but he resisted.
     “What are you talking about?  Is somebody really dead, Pat?” asked Den in disbelief as he looked at Pat and then down at the theater.    And he saw Ranam come out throwing security guards up in the air and onto the roulette tables and a beer dispenser.    And then Den said anxiously,” Jesus I can see what happened.  Let’s get the fuck upstairs.”
     “Let’s run!” pleaded Rosemary as the three of them started to all out sprint thru the casino towards the front doors.
     They ran for a few seconds.    And then Pat glanced over his shoulder and saw Ranam grab a blonde haired woman by the shoulder.   And he bite half her head clean off and spit the blood in the air.  This caused Pat to faint and fall onto Rosemary’s back.   And she let out a scream as she thought it could be Ranam.  Then Rosemary turned quickly and yelled,” Den, hold up, Pat’s, hurt!”
     Den stopped in his tracks and spun around and raced to Pat’s side and grabbed onto him.    And as he did, Pat was waking up and Den pleaded,” Are you alright, Pat, we’ve got to hurry now.”
     “I’m, I’m fine I just saw something really disgusting and I fainted,” said Pat as Rosemary and Den helped him to his feet.
     “Can you run, he’s coming this way!” pleaded Rosemary frantically as her eyes grew wide at the sight of Ranam running thru the casino.  He was killing random people by shoving them so hard they smashed into tables and walls and cracked their skulls open.
     “I can let’s hit it,” said Pat boldly as they started to run again and raced towards the front doors with Ranam only 30 yards behind them but gaining rapidly.
     They burst thru the holographic doors and out into the main room with all the tunnels.  
     “Which tunnel do we take?” asked Pat frantically as his eyes darted around the room.
     “Up, we want to be going up, Pat,” said Rosemary loudly as she ran into a tunnel marked Yupic and Pat and Den followed her in.
     They ran up the gently sloping tunnel.   And they looked back and saw Ranam burst thru the doors with 5 security guards clinging to him, as he tried to free himself.   Rosemary looked on in horror and felt a chill go down her back, as Ranam and her eyes met as she ran.   Ranam grabbed one of the guards round the waist.    And then hurled him like a Barbie doll at the tube Rosemary was in, and his body splattered on its walls.
     “Jesus Christ, that fucking Doramoc is after me!” said Rosemary frantically as she and everyone looked around for a hiding place.
     Then they saw a red and black stripped hair beautiful woman named Rocka Goodfriend.   With yellow and red eyes and wearing a black silk dress and black high heels as Ranam growled.  Rocka waved to them from an offshoot of the tunnel they were in.  She is also wearing a pair of silver framed sunglasses with golden lenses that had puffs of fog in them.
    “This way or you’re all dead!” said Rocka boldly as she held open the door with her left leg.
     Then they hesitated for a moment and then sprinted over to Rocka.    Just as Ranam was entering their tube and shedding the last of the guards.  They ran thru the door and Rocka closed the door behind them and said quickly,” Follow me there’s a good place to hide in here!”
     The room is the Yupic theater and is 1,000 meters long and 10 stories high.   It has several different floating party barges up above a 2 foot thick river.    The barges are hovering above a massive living room.  Each barge has various colors and shapes.    Like an upside down Derby hat with a 3 foot high black open bar surrounding the outside of it.    And it has 2 dozen red recliners in front of its mahogany counter.  The barges have built in gourmet robotic chefs and video arcades in the lower levels in the center.  The living room beneath the floating river has dozens of plush sunken circular couches.    And they have holographic TV’s in the center of them, as well as a game called Goneca.    And Goneca is being played by different people throughout the room and world at the same time.
     Goneca is a fighting and ambush game.    Where once you have paid a 100 dollar fee you are entered into a holographic tournament.    Where you fight people at a seconds notice by pressing a button on your cell phone anywhere you are.  Then you use a motion sensor and a sword, hammer, or laser pistol of any color and design you chose.   Then you spontaneously fight to the death using an Avatar.    If you aren’t quick to grab your weapon, your homemade or chosen Avatars will be cut to shreds and you would lose the tournament.  It is such a popular game that even paid spies are incorporated to watch potential rivals.    And the second they are away from their weapon, the spy would send the message and they would attack.  Some of the spies can make a 6 figure salary as the average tournament pays out over a million dollars.  The winner also qualifies for the Cuplup championship in Bangor Maine that pays a reported 600 million dollars.
     The rest of the living room is filled with lush greenery and statues of folk heroes including Sab Powrist, in and around the room.
     Sab Powrist wrote the now legendary songs,” We aren’t what we were,” and,” Moods and other myths.”  He had a successful career after the death of popular music at the hands of redundant artists.   Who kept copying older music and rewriting old hits.    This in turn left music buyers flat.   And this led to the collapse of the entire music industry, including all of the major record labels.  This caused the labels to have to sell off their catalogs of music to movies, commercials, and private business groups after awhile.  Then a series of independent record companies would spring up periodically.    And release new music in the hopes of reviving the industry, but they had only minor success with Sab being the most successful of these.  Even the hits that were happening were coming from the home recording studio game,” Sheer Riffs,”  that allowed a novice to write and record music with very little effort or skill and at no cost.   Soon musicians were a laughing stock.    As accountants and politicians were writing and producing the best music anyone had ever heard.   And in most cases they could barely sing and didn’t know how to play an instrument.  Sab was one of those people as he only recorded an album because he wanted to have a video game he could enjoy with his 3 year old son.  And ” Sheer Riffs, was the cheapest game they sold.
     “C’mon, Pat, and, Den, we need to hide quick!” said Rosemary as she ran after Rocka who was running full speed thru the greenery in the living room.
     Rocka jumped down into one of the couch pits and landed softly on the couch with Rosemary, Pat, and Den close behind.
     “It’s thru here, just a second,” said Rocka as she pulled up a seat cushion revealing a spiral black lighted staircase beneath the couch and then said sternly,” everyone in and fast!”
     Then Rosemary, Den, and Pat jumped down onto the steps followed by Rocka.  Then Rocka pulled the cushions back to where they just were, just as Ranam burst thru the Yupic doors.  Ranam began running thru the room punching statues and knocking over trees and then he shouted,” You can’t hide forever, little bitchy!  I will find you someday and kill you!  Where are you!?”
     Then Rosemary, Pat, Den, and Rocka ran down the last few steps and emerged in a vast different Yupic room.    It is in place if the residents want to swim and watch holographic living movies on a sandy island that has a lush green circular center.  There are also several tan leather couches and tables set up, as it is used for a library and chess room as well.  The walls of the room are covered in a vibrant holographic sunrise.    And the water itself is a dark purple and floats above an anti-gravity sandy covered red marble.  There are dark blue Pesley birds flying in and around the room.   They are a beautiful robotic bird that recreates famous pop and rock songs from years past like,” I drank up the seeds of discontent in a milkshake,” by the”, Pea Soups”, a band from Portland Maine from the year 2036.
     The Pea Soups were a one piece band.    Where the multi instrumentalist and known philanderer Tom Clulan, played 7 instruments and sang his own harmonies via computer.  He did all this while he sat in a beige recliner and drank beers all night from the front of the stage.  His fans came from all over town to hear his amazing music and many even paid to get in.    And they furthered his life of leisure in his dark brown Volkswagen van.
     “Hi there I’m Rocka,” said Rocka warmly as they walked out to a small boat and all got in and she extended her hand to help Rosemary, Den, and Pat on board.
     “Nice to meet you, Rocka, I’m Pat and the ugly ones are Den and Rosemary,” said Pat slyly as he sat down on the couch in the center of the 30 foot orange and gold spotted boat.   And Rosemary and Den laughed.
     “Don’t you try it, Pat, or you’re swimmin’ home.  Nice to meet ya, Rocka, thanks for helping us out.  Does this sort of thing happen often around here?” asked Rosemary as she flopped down next to Pat and patted her own belly.
     “ Yeah that son of a fucker looked vicious,” said Den quickly as he sat down next to Rocka who was turning on the rear anti-gravity engine that made the boat shoot forward like a hockey puck on ice.
     “More and more so these days.  It seems the Doramocs are losing patience with the rightful residents of Earth, it’s been bad and getting worse,” said Rocka sadly as she drove the boat towards the island in the center and let out a sigh.
     “Really, what did you mean by they’re losing patience?  What are they waiting for us to do?” asked Den as he looked around and then at Rocka who grimaced and then looked away.
     “Die, die or leave,” said Rocka flatly as she thought of her late father standing up to Wexor and getting his head punched in.    And then she turned to Den and said sternly,” if they had their way we’d be gone already.   And the strong, not so much the meek, would inherit the Earth.”
     “That’s terrifying, but why did they say they wouldn’t harm us if we didn’t do anything to them?” asked Rosemary anxiously as she sat forward and squinted at Rocka who looked back at her blankly for a moment.
     “They lied, they planned on us leaving by our own accord.  And when we didn’t, they began creating new ways to scare us off.  What’s happening right now, is they are plotting a large strike of some sorts, at least that’s what it feels like to me,” said Rocka sternly as she taxied the boat onto an inlet in the island.
     “That would make sense, but it just seems insane.  Although I have noticed all the rash of attacks even up where we’re from.  I know they’re up to something and I don’t trust them as far as I can throw them,” said Rosemary snidely as she watched Rocka climb out of the boat and then turn to help them out.
     “I don’t either, those fuckers killed several of our friends a while back and I’ll never forgive them for it.  If anyone should leave this planet it’s those shit eaters,” said Pat snidely in a stern voice as he got out of the boat and followed Rocka up to the center of the island.    Where 5 large brown and tan leather couches are set up around a trio of chess boards.    And a holographic movie projector that sits in the trunk of a large tree.    As well as a refrigerator and oven set up next to the couches that have dozens of meals and snacks inside them.
     The grass on the island is dark green and tightly mowed.  There are statues of former president Righter Paloyours.   And they sit in the shrubbery and are made from gold and silver.
     Righter Paloyours was the sitting president of America when the world officially gave up.  The title of president became more of a celebratory thing, as he had no actual power anymore.  It still existed as many people wanted our history to continue on many levels and in many ways, in case the Doramocs ever fell.   An underground society was started to give the humans a chance to root for one of their own.  They also did this in the way of artistic pursuits as well.   As many films and books that were critical of the Doramocs were suppressed, but still were sold thru underground channels.  They also still gave out the Oscars and Emmys each year.   Even though the Doramocs felt all artistic pursuits were too childish to be taken seriously.    So they banned all award shows.   Righter was the leader of the counterculture.    And made a point to get great art into the hearts and minds of all the people he could, including hip Doramocs.  He started an untraceable supply chain which involved hundreds of people in each city that carried one book and one album.   They would set about selling that book and that album to one person.  If they were found out they simply claimed it was only them selling it.    And they used a reason like they were leaving town or their parents had given it to them and they didn’t like it.  This brought in untold wealth for Righter and the Kials he ruled over.
     “I second that thought wholeheartedly, Pat.  They’ve worn out their welcome, but what prove do we have they’re going to do anything?” asked Rosemary in a concerned tone as she walked over and opened the refrigerator.    And then she grabbed a large can of Dr. Pepper and said sincerely,” I hope you don’t mind me pilfering your Dr. Pepper, but I am very stressed out at the moment.
     “That’s for anyone that wants one.  So drink or eat anything you want,” said Rocka as she opened the black oven and grabbed a bowl of chicken alfredo pasta and then sat on the couch and said warmly,” we have proof at our downtown base that the Doramocs are planning to do a series of raids, on well to do business men in New York and other cities around the country.  We found this out when a team of our computer hackers broke into their mainframe a week ago.”
     “How are they planning to pull it off?” asked Den intently as he grabbed a bottle of Bud light.    And then walked over and set his leather sack down on the couch and opened his beer.
     “They’re going to claim the businessmen are anti American and have been plotting against the government.  Then they’re going to take them to an abandoned warehouse and put them to death.  That’s the first step of their plan.  Then they’re going to convince people that the drinking water has been contaminated.    And that they should only drink Pepsi or Coke products, which they plan on poisoning and killing untold billions of people.    And whoever is left will be set to the task of cleaning up the dead, and then they’ll be done in.”
     “When in the fuck did all this happen?  I thought they liked us.  Do you know when their plan goes into effect, cause we gotta tell people?” asked Rosemary nervously as she set down her Dr. Pepper on the grass and looked at Rocka.
     “They’ve set the killing of the businessmen for 4 months from now, during the height of the Cranag festival.  That way people will be too preoccupied with partying to care,” said Rocka sadly as she ate her pasta.
     The Cranag festival is a yearly festival that takes place all over the country and around the world.    Put on by the Doramocs as a way to let off some steam.  They set up massive games areas and restaurants filled with the latest game titles.    And a whole bevy of odd and interesting foods that the Doramocs have acquired from around the universe will be there.    Including Alfredo Ratup hand, which is a gorilla like creature, but whose meat falls off the bone.   They set up a holographic haunted house that uses unheard of creatures like an Op.    And a combination of ancient Doramoc tribal music to scare some people literally to death, as hundreds of people died each year inside.  The festival also has a dozen information and enlightenment mini castles.    They take you on a ride thru the most profound thoughts and music in the universe.   They do this by driving an anti-gravity motorcycle thru the castles and pumping euphoria causing gas while you hear things like,” If I’m here, but listening to you speak of fools and titans.  Then I’m lost to your interpretation of those very people, as either of us could be either one when we leave.   But not by choice.”    As well as the phrases,” Time is a blind man’s excuse for sight.  And desperation is only happening, when a learned man can see too many things he can’t control coming to pass.”
     “The Cranag is always the highlight of the year.  What a shitty thing this is.  Is there anything that we can do to stop it?” asked Rosemary anxiously as she sipped her Dr. Pepper and looked at Rocka.    And then she looked at Den who was staring at the grass vacantly.
     “My friends and I had hoped to stop them by telling the world, but they have total control over the TV and radio stations.   So the Doramocs control the flow of information.  Another thing we wanted to do was poison a large number of them.    But without a Doramoc tissue sample there’s no way to know what kills them,” said Rocka as she ate and wondered if there was any way to steal a Doramoc warship.
     “What if you fuckin’ steal a corpse from the Morgue?    Pat, here’s done it since junior high for dates,” said Den slyly and sarcastically as he smiled at Pat who shook his head.
     “Those women were in love with me.  So what if they’d croaked and didn’t know it,” said Pat sarcastically as he grabbed a piece of rhubarb pie from the freezer.    And Den burst out laughing as did Rocka.
     “The Doramocs flesh decomposes at lightning speed.    So there isn’t enough time to get the information we’d need from a dead one.  I know this cause we tried,” said Rocka playfully as she tried not to laugh.    And then she set her plate down and said sternly,” there aren’t very many options left for us.  Every time we try to attack one and chop off a piece of them.    They kill whoever it is attacking them as soon as their blade pierces their skin.”
     “What if you drugged them and then chopped off a piece?” asked Rosemary firmly as she looked at Den and Pat and then Rocka.
     “With what, even elephant tranquilizers only daze them for short periods of time.  Christ they can drink 3 kegs of beer and don’t break a sweat,” said Rocka sadly as she realized there was nothing that could be done.
     “Hey, I bet Grega would have a good idea about this.  Why don’t we ask that big brain of his for a suggestion?” asked Pat honestly as he looked at Rosemary and then she smiled.    And Rocka squinted and looked like her interest was piqued.
     “Who is Grega, is he a friend of yours?” asked Rocka warmly as she felt a feeling of hope wash over her and she sat forward.
     “Yeah, he’s our best friend.  He always has great ideas, the guy’s a real brainiac.  Look if anyone would have an answer to your problem, it’s him,” said Rosemary happily as she grinned slightly and stood up.
     “Where is this friend of yours right now, because we’re pressed for time with this thing?” asked Rocka hopefully as she stood up and walked over to Rosemary.
     “He’s up in our suite, granted he’s with a woman named Amo.    And they’re probably not reading the bible if you know what I mean, but Grega’s a good shit he won’t mind,” said Den as he and Pat stood up.    And then Den grabbed his leather sack.
     “Then let’s go and see him now.  There’s a turbo elevator for tenants on the far side of the room we can use to get to the suites.  What’s your room number?” asked Rocka as she hurried across the island.    And then she jumped in the boat followed by the others.
     “I’m not sure I’ll check,” said Pat as he reached into his pocket and then read his room key and said quickly,” it’s the Navor suite on level H-P.”
     “That’s not far from the elevator.  Alright let’s head out,” said Rocka boldly as her head was filled with thoughts of making some headway with the Doramocs and Wexor.
     Everyone got in the boat and started off across the water.    They floated towards a pair of red marble steps on the far end of the room.   They led up to a pair of triangular mahogany doors with silver fist shaped handles.  They rode for a minute and then went up to the edge of the stairs.
     “It’s just up here, watch your step,” said Rocka warmly as she stepped out of the boat and then turned to help Den out.
     Then Pat and Rosemary climbed out and they let out a sigh and Rosemary said sarcastically,” I thought I knew it all then the whip master said row, and row I did.”
     “I think that was Den and his torture techniques, but at least it wasn’t the spiked hand towels,” said Pat sarcastically as everyone laughed and Den pretended to be nervous and his eyes darted from side to side.
     “Or the Red Sox hat with the hair dissolving liquid under the brim.  It took me 8 months to grow it back!    And I still looked like a punk rock kid rebelling against his yuppie parents,” said Rosemary sarcastically as they all laughed and climbed the stairs to the doors.    And then Rocka grabbed the door handle and swung it open.
     There in front of them stretched a crystal hallway that had dozens of different colored lasers shooting thru its triangular walls and the song,” So what if I’m horny,” by the,” Living Wills,” bouncing off the walls.
     The Living Wills are a group of 6 foot plus blonde Goth sisters from Romania called Death, Is, and Calling Us.  The sisters each play an instrument and scream 3 part harmonies.  They live on the lower East side in New York.    And have created an entire community of Goth kids, by purchasing 3 large neighboring apartment buildings with their trust fund money.  It is called,” The place where hip happened,” and has a constant stream of music being played in one of the 3 buildings 24 hours a day.  There is also a steady stream of Pemrol, or Pem pills, that are a hard narcotic pain pill.    That leave a person totally happy for 10 hours at a time and are easily made by the building’s resident chemist Death Us.  She makes the pills by the tens of thousands.    And it is said that if you looked happy in New York, you’d either taken a Pem that Death made, or you were from out of town.
     “Now this is trippy, nice hallway, Rocka.    I always wanted to live in Alice and Wonderland,” said Rosemary slyly as they walked down the hallway and she ran her hands thru the lasers and smiled.
     “The best part’s coming, wait ‘til we get to the adjoining room.   There’s an Eden behind these walls,” said Rocka gleefully as she smiled at Den who smiled back.
     “Yeah, Rocka, I like the way of everything,” said Den playfully as he looked at Rocka’s butt while she watched him and grinned.
     “I thought you might,” said Rocka playfully as she smiled at Den and kept on walking.
     They walked for 15 meters and then came to an opening into a vast room of smoker’s tables and chairs.    They are set up on shelves with brief spiral staircases leading from one to the next.     And have hundreds of tenants sitting in the room smoking cigarettes.  There are also 3 massive statues of Righter reaching up to the top of the Guess, with the turbo elevator in the center of them.  The statues themselves are bronze in color.    And have several terraces set up on every floor that you can lounge and watch a living movie on.   There are dancing ribbons of light floating in and around the room.   Fired from particle smashers that make every person’s face seem to glow.
     “Alright, Rocka, my mind’s blown.  What a sick room to walk into,” said Rosemary in disbelief as they walked thru the room and she eyed the smokers and smiled to herself.
     “I agree, this is way beyond the coolest thing I’ve seen.  Leaves me dyin’ for a smoke thou.  Can I bum one, Den?” asked Pat honestly.    Then Den reached into his pocket and produced a pack of Marlboro lights 100’s and gave Pat one as he looked up.
     “I’ve lived here for 7 years, and I still haven’t seen a tenth of the whole building.  Most people haven’t either it’s too vast,” said Rocka happily as they neared the turbo elevator.
     “I could say the same about Den’s asshole, but I’m not sure,” said Rosemary sarcastically then she grinned.    And then she laughed with Pat and Rocka.
     “Oh is that it, Miss Buttway 101.  There are 2 hunting lodges in Caribou that have more people in ‘em, then people who haven’t seen you naked.  And for the record, I say Pink Floyd Dark Side o’ moon,” said Den jokingly as he kept a straight face and Rosemary laughed.
     “What does that mean, you hoodlum?” asked Pat as he looked quizzically at Den who raised his left eyebrow and put his index finger to his temple.
     “It’s a great fucking record don’t kid yourself,” said Den coyly then he burst out laughing.    And Pat looked around with an embarrassed look on his face.    And he made a goofy smile and nodded quickly.
     “Record, oh I get it.   I thought you were talkin’ about that bestiality porno you made that you told me never to bring up in front of strangers.  Now I feel so embarrassed by the whole thing.   That I can’t mention the time Den went to fart in my face, and shit his pants in front of the Gorilou sisters,” said Pat sarcastically as Rosemary and Rocka laughed loudly and Den grinned sheepishly.
     “Well my secrets are out and I am thusly ashamed, but who’s up for making all new secrets with me and a fifth of Jack?” asked Den slyly as they walked up to the black maple doors of the turbo elevator.
     Then the elevator doors scrambled and Rocka said in a sultry voice,” I won’t tell if you won’t.”
     “Ah, o.k. we’re getting’ hitched.  I waited my whole life for a woman to get me like you do.  Do you take credit cards, I’m low on cash?” asked Den sarcastically as he pulled out his wallet and began to look for money to pay her with.
     “I’m not a hooker, but yes I do,” said Rocka jokingly as she grinned and everyone entered the turbo elevator.
     Inside there are dozens of tiny shelves filled with cups of hot coffee and hot sandwiches like cheeseburgers, as well as sunglasses and novels inside glass cases among other things.  The cases said that you have to wave your room key in front of them to unlock them and get the contents.  There is also an image of Wexor around a voice activated gold interface on the right wall that sends the elevator moving when you tell it too.  The ceiling of the elevator has a burgundy silk circle hanging down from it that releases a thin purple smoke and a soothing excerpt from Wexor’s favorite book titled,” We’re down on the Upside.”
     “We’re down on the upside,” is the inner monologue of Gashu Tryone as he documented it in the past 8 waning years of his life.  It included the passage,” Why can’t I fuck every girl I see?  God wants me to be happy or they wouldn’t be so shapely.  Can I break their walls of protection without having to say the right things.  Fuck I need their pussy and they need to give it to me.”   Gashu was a well known Doramoc cleric and scholar who went on to win the Snea award for being a writer of note.  He also fathered 304 children with 275 wives.   He left a 2 line eulogy at his brother’s funeral that read simply,” What a boy, what a man, what a bastard, what a shithead, what a sense of humor, what a mind.  Whatever happened to the brother I loved.”
     “That’s very kind if ya, how ‘bout 7 dollars for the night and 50 cents to be gone in the morning and I’ll throw in a croissant?” said Den sarcastically as he held up his Bank of America card and they all laughed and Rocka rolled her eyes.
     “Deal, now let’s get to where we’re going.  Elevator H-P level at medium speed,” said Rocka calmly as she felt Den’s eyes on her breasts and smiled slightly.
     Then the elevator started rising and the voice of Gashu said,” Why a fucking Lobster roll when I can’t afford to pay for it?  Why did I forget my wallet again?  Damn it, I like comin’ in here.  Act sick Gashu and they’ll feel pity for you.”
     Then Rosemary and everyone laughed and Rosemary asked happily,” What is this shit Rocka?”
     “It’s Gashu, he’s a humorous writer and cleric for Wexor.  He’s got several books out that are just hilarious,” said Rocka happily as Rosemary laughed.
     Then Gashu said,” Hey bubble butt get out of my way I need the last stick of deodorant.  What you’re taking it, you bitch I outta scream in your ear.  Why aren’t I screaming in your ear, oh right I’m in a supermarket.”
     Then they all laughed and the elevator doors were scrambled and they saw a long blue carpeted hallway, with a pair of old women selling cakes and brownies on the right side.  And there are a dozen doorways on the left with holographic doormen and women standing by each door.  The walls are dark brown silk covered and have dozens of computer interfaces set up to order goods and services or report crimes.    And they even create a different mood in the hallway if you wanted.  The far end of the hallway has a cascading waterfall and it shoots down into the hotel waterpark.    And you can easily access by a waterslide in each room if you wish.
     “There’s no way that Gashu is a real person.  He’s way too funny to exist,” said Rosemary as she laughed and walked down the hall beside Rocka who was also laughing.
     “I swear he is, he’s really made of steel and wires,” said Rocka jokingly as she looked for the suite.   And then the doorman began to wave to them from the center door on the left and Rocka said happily,” ah there’s the room in question.”
     “These room keys are beginning to creep me out, but it does make things easier,” said Rosemary as she looked at all the stolid doormen and women standing firm next to each suite.    And she thought how great it was and how she’d have a story to tell when she got back home.
     “Well if they sprout legs and start doing random kicks to the groin, you’ll wise up quick, me glorious ass,” said Den jokingly in a stern voice as he pretended to kick Rosemary in the shoulder with his index finger.    And she paid him no mind at first then giggled and batted his fingers away.
     Rocka saw this and smiled and then they approached the suite and the doorman did a little dance and said brightly,” You were gone and we were sad, now head on in and know relax.”
     “Aren’t you precious, now go be a soundwave quick you living laser!” said Pat boisterously as he punched thru the holographic doorman and continued to smile while Den smirked.
     “Should we knock to give your friend a chance to get some clothes on, just in case he’s naked?” asked Rocka as she looked at Rosemary who nodded gently yes.
     Then Rosemary whipped out the room key and the door began to open and she said quickly,” No way, this is way funnier.”
     Then Rosemary went to burst into the room, but the door had a large leather loveseat behind it, that kept it from moving.    And Rosemary rubbed her shoulder and grimaced.
     “See, Grega’s wicked smart.  He outthunk Rosemary’s 2 brain cells,” said Pat jokingly as he tried to move the door, but couldn’t and then yelled,” hey, Grega, we won the lottery come help us with the money!”
      I actually did, I forgot to tell ya look in here,” said Den as he opened his leather sack and Rosemary looked in and saw 300,000 dollars in hundred dollar bills and another 200,000 in chips.    And her eyes grew wide and she hit Den’s chest and Den said happily,” you wouldn’t have believed my stretch of luck.  I had the best hand 18 times in a row.    And then I hit the house lotto and won an extra 200,000, which is in my pockets look.”
     Then Den pulled out a couple stacks of hundred dollar bills from his pants pockets and laughed.
     “Hey, Den, that means you can move out of your momma’s basement.  Won’t she be thrilled,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she eyed the cash.    And Den laughed and shook his finger at her.
     “Hey, what are you convicts doin’ out here?  I thought you were gonna gamble all night?” asked Grega sleepy-eyed as he moved the chair and then opened the door while he stood there bare chested.
     Then everyone went into the room and saw how large and lavish it is.   It has 50 foot high dome shaped ceilings, as well as a large round swimming pool on the right that are 50 feet long and 12 feet deep.  The pool has dozens of holographic mermaids in the water and around the edge of the pool.    Who are very beautiful and have exposed breasts, with long flowing blonde and black hair.  There are also a den and library to the right of the pool that extend over the edge of it.    With rows of books on a half moon shaped case that surround a trio of plush green chairs and a holographic TV set.  On the left side of the room are a trio of 3 bedrooms stacked on top of one another and accessible by air jet.    That have 20 foot wide and 30 foot long square beds with silk laden red pillows.    And a thick ultra soft black blanket with the hand of Firdou sewn across them.
     Firdou Meycool is an enigma from the Founsu dynasty that emerged after the Doramocs took over.  The Founsu were a subset of the Doramocs that many wondered why they were held in such high esteem, but few humans dared ask.  In actuality they were members of the royal family on Forpush.    That  had been cast out after a bloody battle between the royal bloodline’s legitimate successor and the families spawned from the other children.   Firdou was perceived as the strongest and smartest of them all, but this very fact put him at odds with the entire family.     And they were fiercely competitive and couldn’t bear the thought of being second place to anyone.  They then set about trying to destroy Firdou’s forward momentum in life.    They did this by killing his confidence using passive aggressive mind tricks and sabotaging his every endeavor that he pursued.   Thus he thought they were his friends, but it wasn’t until years later he found them out and did absolutely nothing, except cast them aside.  Then he found he was able to achieve great success in spite of them and apart from them, but they continued to attack him at every single opportunity that he let them near him.  Then he instituted the Goren maneuver, which was the technique where you created a different personality to deal with people you knew were out to get you.    He became an uninteresting and unflappable person whenever they drew near saving his real self for only his friends.
     The Suite also has a series of living rooms set up in a row that can revolve out onto an outdoor deck at the touch of a button or by voice command.  Each of the living rooms have sunken dark brown plush couches.    The couches face a holographic TV and gaming console and can lift up several feet by voice command.  There are multi colored floating anti-gravity refrigerators and warm meals in round boxes with see thru walls that are set up throughout the room.  The walls in the room are covered in a Hazel and gold satin wallpaper and have the words,” Where have the forgivers run off to,” sewn across the walls in purple letters.        
    “There was an attack by this lunatic Doramoc when we were in the movie theater.  He killed maybe a dozen people.  That’s why we aren’t gambling, but only partly.  This woman here is named, Rocka, and she needs to speak with you, Grega, it’s important,” said Rosemary calmly as she looked around the room.    Then she and everyone sat down on the couches in the nearest living room and Amo walked in wearing a red lace nightie.
     “Hey, Grega, what’s going on?” asked Amo nervously as she kissed Grega and looked at everyone.
     “I don’t know yet, Rocka’s, about to tell me,” said Grega as he sat next to Amo and looked at Rocka who looked at the floor and let out a sigh.
     “O.K., Grega, the Doramocs are planning not an attack so much, as an annihilation of every human being on the planet.  I know this because my friends and I hacked into their central computers.  Their plan is to kill prominent businessmen all over the country, and then kill off the rest of us by tricking us into thinking the water supply is contaminated.  Then they’ll tell us to drink Pepsi or Coke products which will be poisoned and will kill us off,” said Rocka sternly as she looked Grega dead in the eye and he looked back with his mouth agape.
     “That terrifies me to no end.  When do they plan to launch their attack?” asked Grega plainly as he tried to grapple with what he had just heard.
     “In 4 months they’ll kill the businessmen,” said Rosemary quickly as she crossed her legs.
     “That’s during the Cranag festival.  Well that’s clever no one would suspect anything if they’re busy partying.  Is there any way we can stop this from happening?  I assume you’ve got a plan of attack?” asked Grega as he looked at Amo who was stark white and rubbed her knee and she smiled.
     “We need to find a way to drug a Doramoc and chop off a piece of their flesh, so we can determine a way to kill them.  The problem is they decompose very rapidly so, Rosemary, thought you might know of a way to get them, do you?” asked Rocka intently as she felt a nervousness and Grega nodded vacantly.
     “I don’t ah…wait a minute there may be a way.  When I worked at the zoo in L.A. we used a knockout mist on the Rhino’s when they had an injury called Jorforma.  The drug was so powerful it knocked them clean out in a matter of seconds.  Now, what you could do is set up a fake environment, like a restaurant or outdoor coffee shop that is filled with only your staff and the Doramoc.  Then when the time was right you spray the Jorforma at his table and he’d be out cold very quickly.  The good thing about the drug is it smells like Lilacs, so he would have no idea anything was wrong, until wrong it was.  The key to this working is a totally controlled area, not just the staging area, but the people on the sidewalk have to be in on it too.  How you get the flesh after that, quite frankly I don’t want to know,” said Grega happily as everyone smiled at him in amazement and Rocka laughed to herself as a smile crept across her face.
     “That is the greatest plan of all time.  Oh my fucking god how did you come up with that?” asked Rosemary in shock as she laughed slightly.
     “That is just the plan we needed, Grega.  How do we get a hold of that Jorforma?” asked Rocka happily as she tried to contain her excitement.
     “It’s not hard at all, there’s a firm in Boston that supplies all the zoos in the country called Pet Solid.  You’ll need to convince them you work for a zoo by giving them the access code, which is A8H1 for the L.A. zoo.  That’s your first hurdle, but you still have to find a place to pull it off and that’s a whole kettle of worms unto itself,” said Grega warmly as he crossed his legs and sat back as he yawned.
     Rocka smiled and said slyly,” That’s a kettle I own.”
     Then everyone laughed and then went to bed as Rocka slept in one of the bedrooms with Den, while Rosemary, Den, Grega and Amo were in the other 2 while Pat slept on the couch.   

                                                                        Chapter 3

                                                    Lies, Spies, and too much Gagoom




     Inside Wexor’s suite sat he and his brother Terponic Ram on a pair of motorcycles as they played,” Tar Scorcher,” on the veranda facing Central Park in the Guess building.  The veranda has a massive virtual holographic world set up on its 300 foot wide and 200 foot long gently arching black and gold marble floors.   That have the words,” In lies we trust,” worked into the marble in red.  There are holographic trees and grass, as well as Lions and gorillas sitting at a table talking politics and smoking cigarettes.  There is also a real coy pond that has several fish the size of a small shark swimming in and thru tubes filled with light, all over the veranda.  There are a dozen large roses set up in the shape of a cow in and around Wexor and Terponic.
     Tar Scorcher is an action adventure game slash holographic movie.   Where you fight against the evil human scientist Dads Rally for everything there is.    And he has hidden dozens of ancient pieces of a super weapon that he hopes to destroy the Doramocs with.  You ride thru the world of Glasphem and fight off his minions.   And you search out the weapon’s pieces in the hopes of destroying Dads army and reclaiming the world for Doramockind.  There is also a beautiful human princess named Olovly Hia that you have to swoon to get her to tell you where the pieces were hidden.
     “Alright, Wexor, what should we say to this Olovly when she comes out into the game room?  I’m leading towards my exact penis measurements,” said Terponic snidely as he let out a bellowing chest laugh and nearly crashed his motorcycle.
     Terponic is 16 feet tall and has dark blonde short curly hair with a pair of circles on either side of his head, with the Gabra crest inside them.  He also has dark red eyes that lack any real concern with the tattoo of a pyramid beneath his right eye and the words,” Sight of self is blindness to me,” written along the outside of the pyramid.  He has a thick red goatee that is curly and has a silver knife tied into the end.   The knife he has gotten when he killed a white man who laughed when Terponic walked by, but wasn’t laughing at him.  He has a massive round chest and even bigger muscled arms and thin legs.  He has on a dark blue vest over a white t-shirt that reads,” You pudfucker, cook me a sandwich,” and has Sylvester Stallone’s face above the words.  He also has on satin dark brown pants with red single strips down each side.   And a pair of blue Reebok dress shoes.
     “We don’t want her to die of laughter.  No, Terponic, give her mine and she’ll tremble with fear,” said Wexor loudly as he weaved back and forth thru a dense forest of man shaped lush green trees.    And he pushed Terponic with his free hand, as a purple sun started to rise behind a massive gold castle in the distance in the game.
     Wexor has long flowing black hair and has a helix tattoo on each of his wrists that have the words,” When brains and brawn collide, wits aren’t a weapon, but my ax is,” written around his right wrist.  He has the words,” Death is my vacation,” written across the front of his blue and white cotton shirt. And it has a portrait of John Lennon sitting on a toilet smiling beneath them on the shirt.  He also has on white denim painter’s pants with one strap unfastened.  And also a pair of worn in dark brown boots with the phrase,” Why grapple with genius, when wrestling’s more fun,” burned onto the leather.
     “Wexor, you insufferable rube.  She’ll dine on my cock and beg for passions again and again.  Now let’s find this horrible wench and change the gate of her stride,” said Terponic snidely as Wexor laughed.    And they rode thru a dozen black and purple gardens of living plants that looked like the devil himself.    And they were holding long blades and fire covered bats, while they shot bursts of flames from their eyes.
     “Rube is it, we are cut from the same cloth, so revel in your rubedom,” said Wexor snidely as he reached out and grabbed one of the blades from the plants.    Then he threw it into Terponic’s front tire and he was cast up in the air, as the motorcycle he was riding shot up on its front wheel and Wexor laughed loudly.
     Then Terponic righted himself and glared at Wexor and then said snidely,” If I didn’t love you cause you’re my brother, I’d hate your guts.  When that day comes you need me to have your back, I’m gonna put a knife in it.”
     “I hoped as much, I love you too.  Now, where is this bitch?” asked Wexor sharply as he rode up to a massive pair of emerald green diamond statues of Olovly flanking a pink marble road into her castle.
     The castle has thousands of half spirits half people called Boreids.    Flying in and around it carrying large blue and black mirrors that when they shown on your face burned off a layer of skin.   The Boreids watched Wexor and Terponic closely and darted down to where they were.    Then flew in and around them as a massive organ inside the red marble wing shaped castle began playing an evil sounding rhythm that startled Terponic.
     “What in the Eased is that damn music?” asked Terponic sternly as he ducked several of the Boreids and batted one away with his hand.
     Eased is what the Doramocs call the space between one state of being and the next meaning heaven.   It is a well documented phenomenon for Doramocs to lose consciousness and die for a brief period.   And wake up shouting excitedly about this amazing planet where every person was made of energy.  They also said that they felt an indescribable joy and feeling of friendship from the people there.   They spoke of a river filled with shared laughs and trees that whispered Gabra’s words.  They also said the wind tasted like cinnamon and you didn’t need to breathe.   Then when they were leaving a man came to them and said,” Your debt is paid and you will find your afterlife someday.”  Then the Doramocs began to dance and sing after they’d spoken of Eased, as if they had never died at all.
     “Looks like pure idiocy to mine eyes.  And that song makes me want to kill a human and soon,” said Wexor snidely as he grabbed a Boreid and crushed its head in his hands and he grimaced.
     “Yes, brother, that would be glorious.  Humans are so made for dying,” said Terponic snidely as he grabbed a Boreid’s leg and flung it and its mirror into one of the statues at the front gate.    Sending blood spewing into the air and causing Wexor to smile smugly as he knew how amazing that was.
     “They are indeed, I’m losing my patience waiting for this princess.  Where is she hiding?” asked Wexor forcefully as he rode up to the front lawn of the castle.    And then the organ began played a faster and more sinister song.
     “We will find her pompous ass and spank it.  What’s that purple light floating next to the castle’s walls?” asked Terponic as he eyed a departed soul that had a grim look on her face.
     “I don’t know, let us investigate,” said Wexor softly as he turned and sped towards the light as did Terponic.
     When they got within a few feet the light shot out a wave of blue and red flames, that tossed Wexor’s and Terponic’s motorcycles up in the air and froze them several feet up.  Then all the Boreids descended upon them and began pummeling them as Wexor let out a yell.  Then the departed soul turned into princess Olovly.   
     Olovly has short brown and pink curly hair.    With a blue diamond pendant affixed to the center of her forehead that shoots a trio of beams of light in every direction she faces.  She is beautiful and has turquoise warm eyes and large round lips.  She has a pair of holographic men dancing on each cheek and a white gold elaborate necklace around her neck.  She is wearing a black lace corset and a pair of dark blue denim jeans, as well as a pair of black pumps.
     “Leave them my kind creatures of perfect.  I have words to speak with these two,” said Olovly loudly and fiercely as she gently waved her left hand to and fro.    And then the Boreids shot up into the sky and formed a wall.   And then Olovly started to sing softly,” when hope is all that reckons, then love is all I’ll see.  Don’t take away my mission, it’s all that’s left of me, it’s all mine eyes can see.”
     “That is a beautiful voice you have there, princess, does it ever run afoul of the wrong notes?” asked Wexor sincerely as he rode up to Olovly.    And he smiled as she spun in the air and Terponic grinned to himself.
     “Only when I’m confronted with the horrors of life.  You aren’t those very horrors are you?” asked Olovly sternly as she walked up to Wexor.    And she reached out her hand to his cheek and he looked deep in her eyes.
     “I have been in the past, but I’ve taken the highest road since.  No, no I’m the best of us now,” said Wexor coyly as he smiled at Olovly and she smiled back.
     Then she shouted,” You motherfucker, I’ve killed for less!  How dare your pig heart smile at me!”
     Then she turned into a 15 foot tall and 30 foot long red and black lioness.    And she leapt up and latched her teeth around Wexor’s head.
     “You crazy bitch, get your fucking teeth off me!” shouted Wexor as he started to ride off with Olovly still attached.    And Terponic laughed hysterically and rode after him.
     Then Wexor rode right thru the front doors of the castle and into a room filled with priceless antiques.  There are thousands of gold, platinum, and diamond statues big and small everywhere you look.  There are also priceless porcelain dolls lined up in a row on either side of the checkered black and red marble floor.  The walls have green fire covering them that shoots downward and lights nothing else ablaze.
     “Where are we going, Wexor?” asked Terponic happily as he watched Wexor struggle.    And then he rode thru the porcelain dolls smashing them to pieces as Olovly continued to try and eat him.
     Olovly has half of Wexor’s body in her throat and stomach.    And he can’t see where he is going, as he smashes into a large pink diamond statue of Rubfo the Fierce, on the right side of the room.
     Rubfo the Fierce was a notorious children’s hero who stole bread from soup kitchens and covered it in poison.    Then brought it back and put it where it was.  Then when it was eaten dozens of men and women died a horrible death.  He also was heard to have done demolition derby with a tractor trailer and a row of snowmen that a kindergarten class had just made.  He lived in a 50 story high coffee cup and shouted crazy things like,” Did I steal your reason or are you reasonless,” as well as,” Disgusting acts are done by the cleanest of hands.”   He said in an interview with the New York Times,” Only a madman could think me up, so why am I so crazy if I see the humor in normality.  If anything I’m the only one that gets the insanity of sameness.”
     “Insane if I can’t get this needy bitch off my mind and throat!” yelled Wexor as he frantically tried to shake Olovly off of him, but she continued to devour him.
     “Try punching her in the lining of her stomach.  That might make her throw up, and you with it!” yelled Terponic as the organ player floated down from the ceiling on a cloud of red, and played a death march loudly.
     “Alright, it’s worth a try!” shouted Wexor then he began punching Olovly hard in her stomach and she winced in pain.
     He threw punch after punch and soon she stopped biting down on him, just as he smashed his motorcycle thru a large mirror and into a small ice rink.  Olovly was thrown forward as Wexor hit the breaks, but his motorcycle slid forward and shot up an embankment onto a brass bed.  Olovly transformed back into her womanly self and lay there beside Wexor and she said flatly,” I’ve had better, but not worse.”
     Then Terponic burst out laughing as Wexor glared at him and then turned to Olovly and said sarcastically,” I thought I was desperate for you, but I was only desperately sick of being with so many attractive women.  Now I smell the reason why.”
     “Which is!?” asked Olovly defiantly as she rose up in the bed and Wexor looked at her unimpressed.
     “Olives and onions glazed over a fried corpse.  To put it mildly, you smell,” said Wexor sharply then he burst out laughing as Olovly glared at him then smelt her arm pits.
     “He’s not kiddin’, this room could light on fire if you dare break wind,” said Terponic sarcastically as he grinned mischievously and then grimaced and shrugged his shoulders.
     “You dime store penny counters, I’ll beat you to death!  I’ve never been so insulted in all my many lives!” shouted Olovly as she glared at Wexor and pulled a long red dagger from beneath the pillow.
     “Madam, shut your infernal yap.  You must have heard worse insults somewhere, you’re horse faced!” said Wexor jokingly then he and Terponic laughed heartedly, as Olovly jumped on top of Wexor.    He flipped her into a row of porcelain dolls of herself.    And it shattered them revealing a secret compartment beneath them that had a silver round handle on top.
     “Hey look, Wexor, there’s something hidden in the floor.  It might be a part of the weapon we need,” said Terponic excitedly as he rode over to the secret compartment.
     Then he jumped off his motorcycle and walked up to the handle and grabbed it and began pulling.
     “It seems to be stuck.  Why don’t you give me a hand, Wexor?” asked Terponic as he struggled with the handle and Olovly looked on nervously, as she put her hand to her mouth and cried.
     “What, your lack of any real muscle finally coming back to haunt you in an embarrassing way,” said Wexor jokingly as he knelt down and grabbed hold of the handle and then pulled on it and it instantly opened up.     And a glowing red crystal hand floated up and Wexor grabbed it and said slyly,” I got a hand it to me, I’m great.”
     Then beneath the hand sat a large black steel ball and Terponic reached in and grabbed it and said happily,” Pay dirt and paid gold, boy I love being right all the time.  We’ve got ourselves another piece of the weapon.”
     “Nice, Terponic, now I say we take a break and do a bit of scheming about, The Last Rapture,” said Wexor as he pressed a button on the motorcycle that saved their game and froze it where they stopped.
     “The Last Rapture,” is the name the Doramocs have for the day they will kill all the humans.  It originated in a story by a Horsaci man, from a neighboring planet to Forpush, where a villain called the last man he killed the last time he felt joy and the last rapture for him.
     The Horsaci are a race of yellow skinned dwarfs with long faces and green hair.    They believe in one undeniable truth, all things are broken and need constant repair.  They set about enacting laws that force their own religious and political beliefs on all of their citizens, whether they think the same way or not.  They even go to great lengths to ensure no radical beliefs or ideologies bubbled to the surface in art or literature.     They do this by hand picking all new celebrities, as well as political figures.  They use espionage techniques to listen in on their conversations, hack into their computers.     They even worm their way into their daily lives by using fake friends and girl or boyfriends to learn intimate details about every potential celebrity.  Then if they don’t want a person to be accepted into the celebrity elite, they use everything they know about the person against them, and in most cases they’d kill themselves.  In other cases they set about elaborate accidents to take their lives and maintain their world domination.
     “Yes, indeed, let us grab a seat in the information and world domination room,” said Terponic as he turned and walked up to a square in the veranda’s marble.   Terponic pressed in a red and gold metal disc that causes an entryway door to rise up and come to rest facing him.
     The door is mahogany and shaped like a bicycle doing a wheelie.  It has the words,” Destruction destroys lives,” stuck to the wood with silver letters.  The door handle is a holographic face of Wexor smiling with red glowing eyes.
     “The world has many problems, Terponic, and we will solve them or be worthless and withered,” said Wexor as Terponic reached out and slid his fingers thru the holographic door handle.    And it read his DNA and opened.
     Then there sat a large green plush couch up against a black wall, with dozens of pictures of Doramocs.    As well as quotes from them all over the walls with one of a silver haired elderly Doramoc named Lipis Ga and it reads,” There is an answer to the blackness it is an equal blackness in the heart of Gabra.  This very thing plagues his every move and fills all of his days with never ending quests for calm.”  There is another by a round overweight Doramoc woman that reads,” If it matters, it’s already in question whether I love vengeance or I’m just trying to get even with fate.  Either way it’s destiny that gets the last word.  And that is why I can’t wait for eternity at least it’s consistent.”
     “But what if they are unsolvable?  Then where do we leave our allegiances?” asked Terponic as they each sat down on the couch.    And the door closed behind them while the small room filled with a purple light.
     Then the couch started to freefall downward at an unbelievable rate.     Then it slowed suddenly before coming to a graceful stop in a massive holographic library where white light filled the room.  There are millions of holographic books, movies, and periodicals set inside see thru glass cases.  That are shaped like a bear’s torso and are multi colored and stand 75 feet high.   They have each of its titles on tiny circular thumb sized silver and black discs, that carry massive amounts of human and Doramoc culture and art like the book,” Stone Budi.”
     “Stone Budi,” is a 707 page book about an ancient religion from a Doramoc conquered world called Sepisio.   It involved whispering your thoughts under your breath to give them greater meaning and power.     As well as helping you use the fantasy part of your brain more effectively.  It also allows you to become a different person outwardly as you’d become so many people inwardly.  The religion also teaches its followers how to laugh sparsely in an effort to carry a greater core of joy and contentment.    As they feel you can give away emotions you yourself needed later, without even realizing it.
     The library also has dozens of lounge areas set up in between the cases with various Doramocs sitting in them reading or watching movies.     It has large flower shaped couches and servants bringing snacks, meals, and wine.  There are musical bubbles floating in and around the room filled with entire song’s sound waves.    That will play the song when you pop them.  The ceiling is a black shale and alabaster statue of Wexor eating a pair of humans with his hands.
     “Our allegiances are always to each other.  All the rest need take a number.  Now let us grab a seat and talk of the last rapture, please,” said Wexor as he walked past a group of 4 Doramocs eating dinner and they nodded nervously.
     Wexor and Terponic walked over to their favorite lounge and sat down.  Then a pair of yellow and green androids hurried over to them and waited for them to order patiently.     As Wexor ignored them and pulled a pack of Marlboro 52’s out of the armrest and proceeded to light one.  Then he offered the pack to Terponic who shook his head no.  Then Wexor glared at the androids and then said sharply,” I want a steak, a pie, an egg poached and the best bottle of wine in the city!  And if I don’t get it quickly I’ll turn the 2 of you into necklaces and beer cans!”
     The androids froze in their tracks and looked timidly at Wexor and then Terponic.    And Terponic lit up his cigarette and said calmly,” I’ll have the same.  Now leave us!”
     Then the androids raced away and Wexor rapidly smoked his cigarette as he looked around the room at the other Doramocs and the movies they were watching.  Wexor felt a twinge of regret he hadn’t seen more movies, but knew he had no inkling what he wanted to see.  He sat there and felt a bit inadequate that life was passing him by, but he really felt no immediate need to change.
     “Ya know, Terponic, some things need to change and some things are ever changing.  I need to find some sort of balance that has eluded me, but I don’t know where it is or even why I really want it.  It’s…it’s the last thing I cry about when no one’s around,” said Wexor sincerely as his eyes danced around the room and he continued to smoke only a bit slower.
     “You need to stop caring if someone is doing more or finding better answers.  Gabra gives us little for sympathy, but allows us all to be sympathetic to one another.  I know I’ve missed a million things and not all of them good, but it bothers me little because I am aware of what I’m missing,” said Terponic warmly as he looked over at a blind woman drinking a purple bottle of bottled water and felt an odd bit of ache in his back.
     “Yes, yes, brother, this lifts my mood to know it wasn’t just I who felt this pain.  Where does all the merriment run too?” asked Wexor happily as he grinned at Terponic who smiled back and nodded.
     “To the ditch digger’s songs as he carves out his place in the world.  I’d forgotten that passage and it makes me happy to have you remind me of it.  But let us not forget, when the children mock, they only talk out their parents frustrations.  Which is why they are children and not speaking for themselves,” said Terponic wryly as a grin came over his face and Wexor tapped his own temple.
     “I still remember when papa told me of that one, and I couldn’t wait to read it myself.  Ah, papa never let us grow up uninformed or clinging to youth,” said Wexor breathlessly as he remembered Danaram his father and those days on Hornigu lake on Forpush as they fished for Gasmum fish.
     Gasmum fish are an H shaped black and orange glowing 10 foot long fish that eats mammals primarily.  They do this by hurling themselves up on shore just as an animal or person walks by.    And then they wrap their arms around them and shoot a poisonous venom in their eyes and mouth that kills them rapidly.  Then they use that dead body as bait to lure other potential game.    And repeat the process several times until they’ve hidden several bodies beneath the water.   Their meat is very similar to beef only a bit saltier.    And they also have a white blood that is used as an energy booster.
     “Thankfully, or we’d be weak and unable to tell the difference.  He said to me once, Terponic don’t ever lie to a scoundrel or they’ll respect you for it.  And then you’ll be friends with a scoundrel and they’re nobody’s friends,” said Terponic as he thought of the day Danaram slapped his face for no good reason.    And he smiled at him as Terponic looked back at him quizzically and rubbed his cheek.
     “Funny that coming from dad as we both know he had no problem pulling a trick if it brought him favor with Gabra,” said Wexor sternly as he extinguished his cigarette in a red marble ashtray in the armrest.                        
     “Oh yes, he did what he had to, to get us the things we needed.  Most notably money and power for which I am forever in his debt,” said Terponic slyly as the androids walked up with their 2 steaks, 2 apple pies, 2 poached eggs, and 2 bottles of 200 year old red wine from an unheard of winery called Tomcom.
     “Finally, and just when I was thinking I needed a new necklace!” thundered Wexor as he tried to scare the androids and they looked at him in shock.
     Terponic laughed heartedly and then glared at the androids and shouted,” Be rid of us you shitheads!”
     Then the androids raced away and Wexor and Terponic laughed.    And Wexor opened the bottle of Tomcom and sucked in the euphoria causing smoke that was compressed in each bottle.    Then took a hearty swig and let out a yell.
     “There are times for joy, and there are joyful times.  Let us get down to the heart of the matter.  When we kill off the human race we need to bear in mind that a massive cleanup will be required.  That said, it will take more human hands to aid in this than previously thought.  So how do we go about enlisting Doramocs to aid us in this, when so many loath the very sight of humans?” asked Wexor then he took another long drink and gasped for air after.
     “And rightfully so, most of them are filthy ignorant criminals, whose lazy genes prevent them from ever amounting to anything but compost.  No, no it won’t be I who touches their bodies unless I’m strangling the life out of them.  You will be hard pressed to find even a small number of Doramocs to help you.  I’d say use a fleet of androids and half our warships to lay waste to several of the cities,” said Terponic sternly as he cringed at the thought of touching a human and then bit into his steak.
     “But I like their cities, most of them were remodeled by me personally.  No, there has to be a better way to dispose of them.  This just won’t do,” said Wexor anxiously as he sighed and then swallowed his poached egg.
     “Well we could herd them out into the countryside with some elaborate hoax, then use our poisoning scheme to do them in?    But how could we get them to all fall for the same rouse?” asked Terponic calmly as he ate the last of his ten pound steak and looked at a beautiful Doramoc woman’s butt and smirked.
     “Well…what if, and I’m just thinking out loud.    We give them the news of a horrible infestation of a poisonous insect.  Then they’d be sure to flee the cities, but how do we get these bugs in every city in the world?  And secondly, how would we be able to convince them they are deadly?” asked Wexor as he sat back and undid his belt.    And Wexor let out a sigh of relief as he looked at his pie and debated whether he had the room in his stomach to eat it.
     “That’s an astute deduction, how isn’t as interesting to me as could we actually use an insect to kill them off in the first place.  But then we’d have bodies everywhere, no, no we must stick to our original plan.    But we could send them running into the country with a superflu that breeds in sewage pipes beneath the cities.  Yes, yes that would do it,” said Terponic confidently as he licked his teeth and smiled and nodded to Wexor who looked intrigued.
     “Yes it would indeed.  I knew there was a reason I was keeping you alive,” said Wexor sarcastically as he grinned and then burst out laughing and Terponic shook his head and pointed his finger at him.
     “That and my dashing good looks.  You needed me as an icebreaker for women.  C’mon admit it,” said Terponic sarcastically as he grinned and then laughed heartedly.
     “You mean with 3 legged cows.  We both know they found you more fetching!” said Wexor sarcastically as a flint of whimsy shot across his face and Terponic nodded gently yes.
     “I won’t deny it, but it’s only because I have such a cowlike demeanor and fashion sense,” said Terponic sarcastically as he rubbed his neck and tried not to laugh.
     “This much is true,” said Wexor slyly and then he stood up and said warmly,” let us head to the Great and Gracious Hall now that we’ve settled all matters.”
     “We should, I’d love to see how the voting is going,” said Terponic as he stood up and walked after Wexor briskly.
     The Great and Gracious Hall is the place where only the best of the Doramocs get to go and spend time.     As it is where a computer is hooked up to your brain and you are sent into a different auditory and emotional realm.  It taps into all 5 of your senses and allows you to travel to far off worlds and be different people, as well as animals.  Yet you have memories afterward like it actually happened.  It also scrubs away unpleasant memories from your mind and replaces them with the new and joyful ones.
     “Last I knew I was near the top, but I don’t like to brag I’m just great,” said Wexor slyly as he walked thru the room.     And every head turned and gave him a nod and he grinned to himself as Terponic smiled.
     “I don’t like to fart, I just smell.  I don’t like to think, I’m just a genius ha ha ha,” said Terponic jokingly as he walked with wide flopping strides and made odd faces while Wexor smiled.
     They walked past a dozen large cases.    And then they came to a bubble looking dark blue door.    That had a short man standing inside holding onto a purple and turquoise remote control called Loa Mas.  He smiled at Wexor and Terponic as they walked up.  Then he pressed a button on his remote and the entire door slid into a slot in the right wall revealing the Great and Gracious Hall.
     It is a 2,350 meter long cathedral that has a dozen spires on either side of the room that extend up thru the ceiling and are burgundy in color.  Each spire has a holographic door of an ancient ruler on Forpush like Insiane Brothers is a bit of a lunatic as he literally went crazy 2 days after taking power.  He then proceeded to outlaw private nudity, encourage rampant drug addiction, and set about putting every friend he ever had to death by shooting long silver pins thru their bodies as they slept.  He also is the originator of,” The Brothers Act,” which states erroneously that if a person is perceived to have a negative thought in their head about Insiane.   They are to be instantly put to death by any citizen who observes this.  This lead to a 30 percent drop in the Forpush population over the first year of his reign.     With Insiane’s own wife being killed by him after he ate a breakfast sandwich she’d made and he felt she undercooked it, and that was caused by her thoughts against him.
     There is a holographic computer grid on a large platform in the center of the room that is a paisley design of gold, red, green, and dark brown.  It has 100 giant black leather padded jackets with the face of Gabra emblazoned on them in red silk, hanging down from a dozen anti-gravity blue hangers.  You slip them on.    And then they linked your body and mind up to a super computer using hard drives in the sleeves and chest of the coats.   Then a yellow and orange round skull shaped helmet was placed on and you are thrust into the mainframe.  There are also hundreds of white leather couches set up around the platform that allows you to sit in comfort during your journey.   Beyond the platform are a synthetic sunshine filled lush green park that has dozens of different colored gel filled bubble cars.    That you can float on or ride around the room in and many Doramocs were doing just that.   The walls of the room have several rooms cut into them filled with full service bars and lounges.    As well as isolation rooms where you sat alone and had your senses bashed with highly emotional music and highly artistic action movies set against an underwater backdrop.  The floor of the hall has quotations from every Doramoc that ever mattered and include the phrase,” The difference is my joy is at my demand, as opposed to happening haphazardly when god decrees and for this I am overjoyed,” written by Peposis Barno and worked into the red and green marble. 
     Wexor and Terponic walk into the room and as they did everyone began to sing the song,” Forpush is only the air I breathe,” very loudly and smile.  Then up walked Mowha Fonex with a black cell phone 
disc and he said warmly,” Emperor, we are overjoyed you’ve joined us.  We heard you were troubled and may be in pain.”
     Mowha Fonex is short by Doramoc standards at 10 feet 6 inches and weighing 750 pounds.  He has dark red eyes and long thin black hair that has the Doramoc mantra tied into it that reads,” Did it take passion to expire your will, no it was I who crushed it with an afterthought.”   He has on a bright white robe and matching white Dockers pants.   He also has on a tan tightly woven long sleeved shirt with the words,” Who asks for hope, when asking is hopeless,” written on the left chest on the shirt, as well as a pair of white and red leather shoes.
     “Mowha, come here for a moment I have a bit of a question that needs answering,” said Wexor warmly as he walked up to Mowha and put his arm around him and then said calmly,” I thought we were getting too friendly the last time we spoke.  I can see now that this is the case.”
     “But, emperor, I want us to be the best of friends so I can better serve your need and wishes.  Am I in error?” asked Mowha calmly as he and Wexor walked along and then Wexor shrugged his shoulders.
     “Well, it’s not a huge deal.  A bit curious as I don’t feel a need to be overly friendly with many of my servants,” said Wexor calmly as he kept glancing over at Mowha and then suddenly wrapped him in a tight headlock and began running thru the room and then he shouted,” especially a shit eating Neanderthal with a broken banana shaped dick like you!  Do you think we should part ways on better terms?” asked Wexor snidely as he threw Mowha into one of the spires on the left.    And Mowha split his head open on impact.
     Then Mowha wiped the blood out of his eyes and saw Wexor walking towards him with a fierce look on his face.   Mowha put up his hand to shield himself from Wexor and pleaded,” No more, please I need to be alive it suites me.  Please, emperor, I didn’t mean to bring up your poor health!”
     “Poor health, I’m the only man alive you pig fucker!” shouted Wexor then he kicked Mowha in the chest and grabbed his arm and began dragging him across the floor, as everyone looked on in horror and Mowha squealed loudly.
     Then Wexor punched him in the mouth and asked snidely,” How’d that taste, a full meal or just desert?”
     The punch knocked 6 of Mowha’s teeth out and blood ran down his chin and then he shouted,” You fucker, I’ll never bow down to your pompous ass again!  I needed those teeth for biting your head off!”
     Then Mowha jumped to his feet and ran at Wexor and tried to punch him in the face, but Wexor slipped the blow and used Mowha’s momentum to flip him into a spire.    He hit Mowha with the small of his back.  Mowha screamed out in agony like a prized pig and then shouted,” You’re the reason people wish for death!  You won’t survive this, Wexor!”
     Wexor grinned as Terponic and the other Doramocs laughed loudly.
     “I am, because I’m the one who kills them.  And survive what, you’re near dead!” said Wexor snidely as he glared at Mowha and clenched his fist as Mowha glared back at him.
     Then Mowha pulled out a dozen Bullet Blades and aimed one at Wexor and said snidely,” You are so pompous you didn’t see me coming!”
     A Bullet Blade is a 12 inch silver heat seeking anti-gravity propelled blade that goes in a perfectly straight line at whatever you’re pointing it at after you shout its triggering mechanism.  It has a red pulsing light that runs from one end to the other and blinds anyone in its path.
     “Careful, Mowha, there are many ways to die and laughter isn’t one,” said Wexor snidely as he kept his eye on the Bullet Blade and reached back into his back pants pocket and grabbed a Desu mini explosive grenade.     Then he nonchalantly unfastened its firing pin.
     A Desu is a turquoise and lavender hamburger shaped disc with 20 rows of a high powered explosive in each of the crevices.  It has a white triggering button in the center that you have to unfasten then turn to the right and then 30 seconds later if will explode.  The explosion itself is a nontraditional one on that it sounded like someone clapping their hands hard together.    The explosion is in a straight line that goes in the direction it is thrown.
     “Your time for speeches has ended.  Meet the afterlife with a smile!” said Mowha snidely as he grinned and then he shouted,” Lufto!”
     Then Bullet Blade shot towards Wexor, but he shot left and it only grazed his right shoulder.    And they hit an elderly man behind him right in and thru the throat.  Then the elderly man reached quickly for his throat as blood shot out.    And a puff of smoke from his cigarette he had just inhaled also came out of the hole.
     Then Wexor threw his Desu at Mowha, but as he did Mowha aimed another Bullet Blade at Wexor and shouted,” Goa girl!”
     Then as the Bullet Blade headed for Wexor’s leg the Desu exploded and blew Mowha’s head clean off.    It also blew his right arm off as he tried to block the blast.  He was killed instantly and the Bullet Blade shot thru Wexor’s thigh muscle and out the back.    Sending a chunk of flesh and his blood all over a young Doramoc man, who also got hit by the Bullet Blade much to his dismay.    And it went clean thru his chest killing him instantly as it pierced his heart.
     “Are you alright, Wexor, is it bad?” asked Terponic nervously as he knelt down beside him and Wexor let out a primordial scream in agony and clutched his leg.
     “It hurts like a motherfucker, but at least he suffered.  If he hadn’t, I would have.  Get me a flesh sealer and blood flow slowing shot and bandage from the first aid kit,” said Wexor sternly as he gritted his teeth and began to chuckle.
     “It’s on its way, boy we need better friends don’t we?” asked Terponic slyly as he smiled at Wexor and Wexor laughed loudly and then stopped abruptly.
     “Or rid ourselves of them all.  Gabra this is not fair play.  Boy I didn’t need this shit today.  Where’s that first aid kit?!” asked Wexor loudly as a pair of Doramocs raced over to him and began applying the cauterizing black bandage.
     Then they gave him the shot from a tiny blue needle and white bottle and the bleeding stopped immediately.
     “How do you feel now?” asked Terponic warmly as he lifted Wexor’s head gently and Wexor shot slightly from side to side.
     “I feel like killing humans,” said Wexor happily in a stern voice then he patted his belly and everyone laughed and then Wexor asked sarcastically,” can you kill a man twice, because that scoundrel Mowha shouldn’t get off so easy?”
     “We could cremate him then use his remains in pies that we serve to humans before we kill them all?” asked Terponic happily and jokingly as he helped Wexor up and tried not to laugh as Wexor smiled.
     “Very astute idea, those petulant humans would appreciate the gesture’s simplicity for certain.  Alright then, burn him up and make a dozen blueberry pies with extra whipped cream on top.  Then those idiot humans will have no idea,” said Wexor happily as he brushed off his hands and smiled brightly.
     Then a pair of Doramocs grabbed Mowha’s body and threw him in a red steel square cart.    And they whisked him away with his limbs dangling over the sides.  
     “Let’s have a bit of fun, Terponic, my dear boy.  But I can’t walk for at least a bit so I’ll need one of those bubble cars.  Get on that would you,” said Wexor implying a question.    And then Terponic walked over and pushed a young Doramoc woman off her bubble car.    And he jumped behind the steering wheel while Wexor laughed loudly.
     Then up rode Terponic with a wide smile on his face and he pulled in next to Wexor and said warmly,” I’d heard there was a broken down emperor in need of a ride.  Why don’t you hop in and we’ll go find him?” asked Terponic slyly and sarcastically as Wexor jumped in and then pointed to the platform with his left hand.
     “I’d heard of such an idiot.  Let us kill him while we bask in his glory, wohoo!” said Wexor enthusiastically as he kicked up his heels and laughed.
     “Men like that are always easy to find.  Just look behind the toilets at the bathroom at the fairgrounds.  They seem to think there’s a fortune dropped when people drop a dump!” said Terponic sarcastically as he drove past several Doramocs and up onto the platform and Wexor laughed.
     “If we could all be so lucky.  Money’s hard to come by these days,” said Wexor sarcastically as Terponic laughed and parked the bubble car in front of one of the couches.
     “I choose poverty, money like that stains a man.  In more ways than one,” said Terponic jokingly as he looked around at all the other Doramocs playing the holographic games.    And he smiled to himself as he thought how fun it’d be to play.
     “Let us each play the same realm, so as to be able to aid one another once we’re inside,” said Wexor as he slid on one of the leather jackets and then the skull shaped helmet and let out a sigh.
     “I would prefer it, why not go and harass ole Gagoom’s user profile.  Maybe even try and crack into his hard drive and see who’s spying for him these days,” said Terponic as he tightened his helmet and implied a question to Wexor.
     “I can think of nothing that would bring me greater joy than sticking it to that old fart sniffer Gagoom.  Except outing his spies and making him scramble for new ones,” said Wexor snidely as he turned on the mainframe and was shot into a suburb of New York City called Dancia.    Dancia is formerly Brooklyn before it was leveled by the Doramocs.
     Gagoom Boatol is the mayor of New York City and is a half Doramoc half human, with his hair being blonde and his eyes crystal blue.  He stands 17 feet 4 inches tall and has a massive chest and hulking arms.  He boasts the largest single residence and fortune of anyone other than Wexor.  He obtained this massive wealth thru a series of crooked card games with wealthy Saudi businessmen.    Where in one game, he went from being a millionaire to the 3rd richest man in the world over the course of one day of card playing.   He then took his massive wealth which was 45 billion dollars at the time, and invested it in buying every scrap of gold on the planet.    He felt that because there was a finite amount of gold, it would over time continue to skyrocket.   That bit of foresight led to unimaginable wealth.    When a solid 3 years went by with no new gold found anywhere in the world and demand still rising.  Gagoom then began buying up every company whose products he liked to use.    And his wealth ballooned to 650 billion behind Wexor’s 1.4 trillion.
     Wexor and Terponic went up to the front of the limousine and looked inside and saw no one.   They walked to the back doors of the burgundy and black sleek hand shaped anti-gravity Rolls Royce.    And they opened the door and saw no one so they hoped in.   Inside there are a pair of tan leather recliners set beside one another, with large bottles of wine in an ice pack between the two chairs.   In front of the chairs are a large bed of black silk and plush red cushions that have a full oven and refrigerator on the left. 
On the right is a case filled with dozens of expensive silk suits, ties, and tan leather Armani dress shoes that are Wexor and Terponic’s exact sizes.
     “Do we change first or just ride it out in these clothes?” asked Terponic as he sat forward and grabbed a piece of pepperoni and pineapple pizza.    And then he glanced at Wexor who was eyeing the clothes and then raised his left hand.
     “We eat, then change, then swing by Gagoom’s mid town estate and do a bit of spying.  The funny thing is if he had any idea about this technology, or the fact we can literally pop into people’s lives without them knowing it.    He would have a breakdown of epic proportions,” said Wexor greedily as he felt the silk trousers and a wry smile came across his face as Terponic ate and then he swallowed hard.
     “He’d kill all of Manhattan and all of the Guess building to get to us.  And then he’d torture us for years before he’d let us die.  Thank Gabra for spies, lies, and motherfuckin’ Gagoom!” said Terponic slyly as he finished eating and smiled.
     Then Wexor grabbed a large cheeseburger and devoured it in 2 bites.  Then he opened a bottle of red wine and drank half of it in one swig and then let out a belch.  Then he and Terponic put on black silk suits and tan leather shoes.     And Wexor threw his empty bottle of wine out the window and it landed in a trash can.
     “Drive us to Torpud Lane and use full acceleration.  I love these voice operated limos.  If for no other reason then there’s no scummy driver with too much cheap cologne on,” said Wexor sternly as the Limo shot up in the air.    And he glanced out the window at Dancia and felt his heart fill with pride at its beauty and he nodded gently.
     Dancia is a 5 level city with there being a dense black marble and steel metropolis on the first 3 levels.   A rich residential area on the next level up, and a massive lush park and lake on the top level that have hundreds of giant homes along its grassy and sandy shores.   Most of the people live in the residential level, but all the richest citizens live lakeside in lavish mansions.    Including Gagoom, who owns 3 mansions that are side by side and combine for 2 million square feet of opulence.  The lake is square in shape, but has rounded corners.    And the pattern of a dozen rose pedals placed in a circle as the shape of the series of islands in the center of Lake Shirlicu, as it is called.  There are mini submarines that are owned by all the residents and rented out to visitors for 150 dollars a day.    That allow you to see the world beneath the water and include dozens of underwater restaurants you can dock at.  Then you enter a chamber and the water us drained out and you can enjoy the underwater utopia.
     “I like ‘em for the perks.  Where else can you get a 10 course meal and a bottle of good wine that doesn’t have a calorie, granted it’s because it’s fake, but who cares.  So where do you think Gagoom is hiding out today?” asked Terponic as he ate a handful of chocolate chip cookies and nodded at Wexor.
     “I’d like to try his lake house first and then swing by that restaurant he likes.  If we’re lucky we could catch him there.  Which reminds me we should be nearing his lake house right about now,” said Wexor as he poked his head out the window and saw a massive white and green marble castle.    That belongs to Gagoom rising up out of a thatch of large redwood trees.
     The castle has dozens of towers in and around a large central rectangular Victorian style part of the castle.  There are dozens of trains worked into the design of the castle that are even jutting out of the front side in a row of three.  There are also glowing green dragon head statues on the top that ooze a red smoke and are surrounded by ribbons of green and blue light.  There is the song,” Desert road kill lover,” by the band,” Tiny specs of Gigantic problems,” playing thru a massive set of speakers on the front of the castle sending the rock song from one end of the lake to the other.
     “Tiny specs of Gigantic problems,” are a 5 piece band out of Presque Isle Maine.    That are a pair of couples with one being a threesome of 2 women and 1 man and the other 1 man and 1 woman.  The lead singer and guitar player Stephanie Gorgeous is a second generation rock star.    As her father has torn up the country 30 years earlier with his pop song,” Indecisive love,” that reached number one.  Stephanie is a rampant heroin addict who splits her time in the band with a full time heroin distributor who has an old potato house filled with an assembly line.  They make so much of the drug that Stephanie owns 10 lavish mansions all over the country, with one in Presque Isle that is 150,000 square feet.
     “This lake always creeps me out.  Just looking at the stillness of the water and the antiquated series of old boats they use to travel by.  Well, it sickens me,” said Terponic sternly as he grimaced and looked out over the lake.    And he sees thousands of fireworks being shot out over the lake to attract the Coulda Beast.
     The Coulda Beast is a 350 meter tall fury man like fish, with thick black and red oily fur and glowing green eyes.  It has a massive series of spikes that wrap around its arms from its hands to its shoulders.    They are purple in color and 10 feet long.  It also has a smoke producing lung that fills each of its exhales with red smoke.  The Coulda Beast is from Forpush and the Doramocs brought 20 of them to Earth as a means of entertainment, as well as guardians.  The Coulda’s have the innate ability to take attack commands from there owners. 
     “I’m sickened by your sickness.  Let us be rid of our rampant illness and destroy some lives hmm,” said Wexor coyly as Terponic grimaced and nodded quickly as he knew he was being duped by Wexor.
     “Boy you have a way with word, and it’s fart-tastic.  I don’t always see where you’re coming from, but I sure as fuck smell it.  Oh I’m desperate for a strong deodorant or knockout drug when I’m in your presence.  That said at least I have nothing and there’s that hmm,” said Terponic sarcastically in a stern voice as Wexor laughed and then clapped loudly and shook Terponic’s shoulder as he smiled.
     Then out of the water rose the Coulda Beast with 2 hands full of giant genetically engineered bass.  The Coulda began tossing the bass up in the air and catching them in her mouth, as red smoke billowed out of its mouth as well.
     “There’s old Coulda Beast now, I hear she’s looking for a gentleman caller with low standards.  Interested, Terponic?” asked Wexor sarcastically as he grinned and gave Terponic a knowing look causing him to shake his head.
     “Yeah, I am, I love ‘em giant and fur covered.  It lends itself to even more sexual confusion, which quite Bobly, I can get enough of ahh,” said Terponic quickly and sarcastically then he let out a scream and Wexor laughed heartedly.
     “I figured as much, you’re a sexual dynamo no one can deny it.  Ordinary women just don’t stack up anymore.  It’s a Coulda Beast and inanimate objects like phone jacks and broken car radios.  I won’t judge, not now not ever.  You’ve earned your aloof nature and your amorous loins.  I’m just glad I’m not a women or a toaster oven or it’d be too many painful mornings if I were, and we both know it.  There I said it and I used perfect English,” said Wexor sarcastically as Terponic laughed and they rode over the front gates of Gagoom’s castle and into his courtyard.
     There are 50 statues of Arip Tofar lined up around the outside of the courtyard.  Each of the statues show him in different physical states of being like a werewolf and a Jackolantern version of Arip.
     Arip is an aged man of 62 years old, but you wouldn’t know it as he is aging very slowly and looks 30.  He is best known, and rightfully hated, for his cocky jokes and evil schemes he perpetrated to get a rise out of people.  Like when an old flame of his asked him to give her one last roll in the hay.   He filled her house with bails of hay and put on the song,” Sexual healing,” and told her he’d watch as he had no idea how to have sex with hay, but was interested nonetheless.  Then she pulled out a stun gun and shot Arip in the chest and said sternly,” Well now we’re both stunned at these developments.”  They married 2 weeks later and are still married to this day, but he refuses to speak to her in his normal voice after what happened.    So he whispers every other word and randomly shouts the rest.
     “So what if I have a taste for the finer things in life.  Bright red women shaped bicycle seats turn me on, as well as women made of cake.  I also dabble in foreign crevices in random outdoor settings.  I refuse to apologize to you or anyone for it, ‘cause it is the better half of sh.  And there’s no denying an old man who can’t admit to anything,” said Terponic sarcastically as he shook his head while he made crude hand gestures.    And Wexor laughed mischievously and looked out the window at a parade of Doramocs coming out of Gagoom’s castle.
     Each of the Doramocs have on dark blue suits and some have dark brown robes, as well as magenta Nike running shoes.  Gagoom himself came gallivanting out behind them smiling smugly.   Gagoom has on a tan cotton shirt with a 1 inch upturned collar that is white with the words,” Penny pinchers can’t shovel shit, but at least they can die horrible deaths at the hands of fortune counters,” written around the collar in black and gold cursive letters.  He also has on white Dockers canvas pants with red silken lined pockets.    And a pair of blue leather dress shoes with black laces.  He also has on a white cotton necklace with the phrase,” Too few decisions while missing the point of indecision,” sewn onto the cotton necklace with tan thread.
     “Hey there’s Gagoom, let’s swing in close and see what that wretch is plotting this time,” said Wexor sternly as he eyed Gagoom and felt a strong urge to want to punch him in the face.
     Then the Rolls Royce shot straight for Gagoom and landed on top of him as he walked, with Gagoom’s torso inside the Limo.  His sister Despitch is walking next to him.
     Despitch has a beautiful face with a perfect nose, high cheekbones, and mysterious lavender and peach colored eyes.  She also has dark brown long straight hair that shoots back from a wide square hairline in the center of her large forehead.  She is 16 feet tall and has long muscular legs and round size triple f breasts.  She has on a paisley design white, red and black pair of tight fitting jeans, as well as a leather vest over a white t-shirt.    That has Abraham Lincoln on it facing Spongebob Squarepants with the words,” When the great mind meets its only true equal, it’s Velcro,” written beneath the picture in yellow letters.  She also has on a red leather 4 inch pair of heels with Gabra’s image on either side in black.
     “Despitch, the world is making itself an enemy to me.  You and I both know that when Wexor does in the humans there will be many Doramocs falling that same day.  Now it might be you and I or it may not, but how can we take a chance such as this?” asked Gagoom sincerely as he walked along with Wexor’s hologram only inches from him.    And Wexor’s eyes grew wide and he felt a shock of nervousness as he knew that Gagoom was onto him.
     “They know, Wexor, for Gabra’s sake they’re onto us,” said Terponic in disbelief as he rubbed his forehead and began to sweat.
     “Wait, let’s hear what she says to him,” said Wexor anxiously as he glared at Despitch as she grimaced and put her hand on Gagoom’s chest stopping him.
     “We can’t, if we want to live Wexor must die, and soon.  If we wait ‘til after the last rapture then it’s our last rapture too.   No, no I say we kill the fucker and that idiot brother of his to, Terponic.  All’s it would take is a well timed accident,” said Despitch snidely as she looked nonchalantly at Gagoom and raised her left eyebrow and then smiled.
     “What is this fuck you, you little bitch after all I’ve done for you!” thundered Wexor as he pulled his hair out and punched thru Despitch.
     “That’s true, if we got him frustrated and angry while he was driving his car.  Ya know by making him wait, then when he’s about to boil over we have a speeding car come from the opposite direction.    And his anger will cloud his judgment enough for him to crash into the car.  Then he’s dead and no one will be the wiser.  He did it to himself, he never should have messed with us that pompous prick that he is,” said Gagoom snidely as he grinned and put his arm around Despitch who smiled back at him.
     “That’s the truth and that plan will be easy to execute.  We could get him on his trips thru the countryside when his guards down, and he’s taking in the scenery.  Oh it will be Eased for him I know it!” said Despitch joyously as Wexor punched thru her and Gagoom and let out a scream.
     “Motherfucker, motherfuckers, I’m gonna kill your whole families!  You can’t mess with me, I’ll burn your bodies black!” shouted Wexor as his thoughts raced and he continued to punch thru Gagoom and Despitch.
     “Wait, Wexor, you can’t do that there’s no proof that they’re gonna try anything.  We have to think about this before we do anything stupid.  Remember he’s the mayor of New York,” said Terponic sternly as he grabbed Wexor’s shoulder and held him back.  And Wexor fumed with anger.
     Then Gagoom and Despitch got in their yellow submarine and Wexor and Terponic scrambled to follow them.  
     The submarine is shaped like a meatball sub and has 3 dozen bubble shaped tinted black windows along the sides.    And there is a large plasma window on the front that is shaped like a cat’s paw.  It has a pair of anti-gravity jet thrusters on the backend of the sub that glow green.  There is a trio of laser canons on the sides and front that can shoot thru metal with ease.
     “That pigfucker could be the president of importantville, and I’d still kill him!  Get me that prick on a skewer and I MEAN NOW!” thundered Wexor as he tried to calm himself, but couldn’t and moved forward and back as his rage bubbled to the surface.
     “Hey what if we send a team of our guys in subs and have them crash into Gagoom’s right now?” asked Terponic calmly as the limo shot beneath the water.    And it followed Gagoom’s sub as it weaved in and out of several underwater restaurants.
     The underwater city of Dryspit has dozens of Gabra’s face shaped glowing restaurants fronts.    And they have massive glass and plasma windows facing out into the lake, as well as at a stage.  On the stage are large air filled bubbles that each of the performers can calmly breathe in.  They have rock and roll bands that play usually on the stage.    And today is the avant-garde ensemble play,” Mimicking talent,” put on by a score of 50 actors and actresses.
     “Mimicking Talent,’ is about a series of no talent actors and musicians and their quest to fake it until they made it big, by stealing from unknown artists.
     There are dozens of large couches set up in the restaurants facing the stage.    And they have the sound pumped directly to them using surround sound.  There is also a tube setup to disperse the water and give the patrons a perfect view of the stage.  There is hundreds of slots setup for the subs to dock.    And there are a series of underwater gardens set up around the restaurants.   And they are vibrant and vivid to look at with 100 foot tall underwater purple red roses surrounded by black and green glowing vines.
     “Make it happen, Terponic, but make it quickly we need to get them in this place before he leaves the restaurant!” said Wexor sharply as the limo rode up and on top of Gagoom’s sub.    This showed Gagoom and Despitch inside a small reading room as they watched ,”10 minutes.”
     “10 minutes,” is a news program that crafts the news to fit a certain demographic.    Often times to the detriment of the people they’re interviewing.
     The reading room has a pair of one person couches with Odomens in front sitting side by side facing a holographic TV.  The room is round in shape and only 10 feet across.    And the walls are filled with books in cases.  The ceiling has a large crystal chandelier that looks like a half moon.
     Terponic goes and orders Wexor’s troops to put the subs in the water on the edge of the lake.  While all the while Gagoom and Despitch sat eating chocolate cookies.
     “Gagoom, let’s put that jackass Wexor out of our minds and enjoy some dinner and a good play.  What do you say to that?” asked Despitch warmly as she smiled at Gagoom.   While Gagoom was lost in thoughts of Wexor’s murder and how he’d take over after he died.
     “What, oh yeah right, that last of the moronic horde.  I agree we should leave Wexor where he is and have the best time of it.  Boy if he could see us now he’d slit our throats.  But as it is, fuck you Wexor, you’re a dead man!” shouted Gagoom then he and Despitch slapped the back of their hands together and laughed.
     Wexor saw this and bit down on the side of his right hand and then let out a scream and said snidely,” When an empty head meets a full shovel, then it’s true love and truer death!  I’m going to enjoy killing you two with a passion and joy you can’t imagine.  Go ahead smile a bit wider as I knock out your teeth!”      
     Then in walks Terponic after leaving the game with a bottle of white Dagul wine and a smile on his face.
     “I took care of everything.  The troops are on their way to the lake as we speak.  And the good thing is, we’ll be able to watch those 2 bastards meet their demise without them knowing about it.  I brought a bottle of Dagul, go ahead and take a pull you look stressed,” said Terponic warmly as he handed Wexor the bottle of Dagul and Wexor squeezed it tightly.
     Dagul is named after a Frenchman named Dagul Basist.  Dagul grew up a humble farmer’s son, but later found his family at odds with him.  He eventually found out from his mother that she had been raped when she was in her twenties.    And that she kept the baby and Dagul was that child.  The news rocked Dagul, so he began an upward spiral of working relentlessly to carve his own niche in the world.   He started off by sacrificing half of every dollar he earned to be saved.  Then after 6 years he had enough money to start his own business.   And he chose a winery as he knew of some cheap land an old man was selling with very nutrient rich soil.  Then as his wine began to sell he continued to scrimp and save every penny he could.    He did this in the hopes of becoming the richest man in the world.  He nearly achieved that goal until the Doramocs took over and he had to settle for 3rd richest at the time.
     “This I like, Terponic, they asked for their fates to be busted and reengineered.  If Gabra won’t do it, I feel I must,” said Wexor snidely as he pulled out the cork and then took a long swig and shook out his fingers.
     Gagoom’s submarine pulled into the docking bay of,” Time and other lies,” restaurant and behind it a plasma wall slid into place.   The water drained out of the bay and Gagoom and Despitch went to the hatch underneath the sub and extended the stairs down.  Then they walked down the stairs arm in arm laughing at Wexor’s future death as they did.
     There is a tree shaped white crystal door at the end of the bay that has the words,” Swim for your lives,” written above it and the face of Sempot Aradle on the door handle.
     Sempot Aradle was a Doramoc wizard of sorts, as on Forpush there is a blood altering compound in the water that makes it possible to shot streams of fire from your fingertips if you drew blood.  It does this as the exposed blood is highly flammable in the electrically charged atmosphere of Forpush.  This makes it possible for Sempot to dupe people into thinking he is otherworldly.  He also has extremely powerful vision that makes him seem physic.    As he can read tiny print from large distances that enables him to seem to know things about people that he can’t.    Even thou he may only see them pull out their wallets.  His legend grew as his scams became more complex.    Most of the time he even believed the outlandish things people said of him as it helped him to lie more effectively.
     Gagoom and Despitch smile as they opened the door at the sight of Sempot, as they both knew the stories of him.  They walked into a 30 foot long and 20 foot high ceiling room.    With several floating round booths that have a steering wheel and are covered in thick brown leather cushions, as well as have steering wheels.  You can drive the booths around the restaurant and out into the front to watch a play or band.  There is a mouth shaped kitchen pickup that is black and white.    And all of the meals are set there until the wait staff drives over and picks them up and brings them to you.  The floors are covered in a dark blue carpet that has the exact same intricate design of half a horse’s head and a carving knife piercing its eye with the words,” We only care if it’s careless, but we know when it’s careful,” written around the horse’s head in black and white thread.
     “Let’s grab a booth and order then we’ll check out the show hmm?” asked Despitch warmly as she hopped into a booth followed by Gagoom.
     “That’ll work, I wonder what the show is tonight?” asked Gagoom as he eyed the built in touch screen menu.    And he saw they had steak and whipped sweet potatoes and his eyes lit up.
     “Flaming Wexor’s pride and a 10 piece band playing, you were a sucker and a bastard,” said Despitch snidely as she looked around the room to see if there was anyone she knew and then Gagoom laughed.
     “That’s a show I’d like to see, but I only need to see it once to bring endless satisfaction,” said Gagoom snidely as he grinned and Despitch laughed loudly while Wexor smiled contently.
     “I’m rather fond of a similar show.  We’ll see how it catches your fancy,” said Wexor gleefully as he sat beside Despitch and pretended to be rubbing her breasts as he mouthed the words,” no you’re the best, no you are. ”   Then Wexor smiled smugly and stuck out his tongue at her.
     “Boy I love idiots, they’re just so stupid.  Well I hope the food’s good here for you 2 soon to be coffin fillers, mmm,” said Terponic in a cocky voice as he pretended to poke right thru Gagoom’s eyes and mimicked his body gestures.    Then he let out a loud fart and laughed hysterically.
     “Ya know I hear the steak and sweet potatoes are great here, Despitch.  You should really try them,” said Gagoom warmly as he drove the booth out to where the play,” Mimicking Talent,” was just beginning.
     The stage has an urban New York setting where a black haired young man is sitting in his living room writing a pop song a cappella.  The man’s name is Tom Penetho and he is an unheralded songwriter who never caught a break, but has the talent to make it.   In the New York setting next to his set sits a young pop star and her manager.    They listen in on him writing his song in the hope of stealing it as they have bugged his house when he was out one day.   The pop star’s name is Mellissa Peptherid.    And she listens intently as Tom writes his song with a wide smile on her face.   Then as he stops singing Mellissa said happily,” Oh that’s a hit.  We just need to take his lyric it only stings while I’m dying, and use a different melody and he’ll never know.”
     Then her raven haired manager said loudly,” Oh it’s a hit, and that prick homophobe naïve fucker, can’t do a damn thing to stop us.  Good luck with your music!”
     “That’s right, who’d ever believe him if he tried to tell anyone his song was stolen.  Yeah they bugged my house and stole my songs.  What a fuckhead, no one will ever believe your broke ass,” said Mellissa gleefully as she stood up and began to sing the lyrics Tom had written with a new worse melody.   Tom sat in his home quietly watching Headline News.
     “I love this play, ya know this is based on a true story.  Isn’t it hilarious how this thing happens all the time,” said Despitch in disbelief as she smirked and shook her head while Gagoom nodded.
     “I heard that the guy this play was based on, was said to have had hundreds of songs stolen and never had a career of his own.  And when he found out what was happening there was nothing he could do, cause he couldn’t prove a thing,” said Gagoom sincerely as he watched the play.    And saw Tom stand up and sing his song, while Mellissa sang her pirated version with a different melody and his lyrics.    And Gagoom laughed at this loudly and pointed to Tom.
     “That’s true, god what a jackbutt.  I think I’ll laugh at him for years,” said Despitch as she rolled with laughter and hit Gagoom’s chest.   Terponic and Wexor looked on and smiled to themselves.
     Then in the play Tom finds the transmitter under a seat cushion and realizes what it is and then shouted,” You can’t steal my soul you fuckers!”
     Then Mellissa freezes in her tracks and clutches her ears as Tom’s shouting bursts her eardrums.
     “What just fucking happened, I’m deaf, I can’t hear anything,” said Mellissa loudly as blood and sweat poured out of her eardrums.    And her managers who was rolling on the floor screaming uncontrollably as he writhed in pain.
     “Oh this Tom character is a soul among the soulless.  Wasn’t that a glorious moment for him, Terponic?” asked Wexor brightly as he watched Tom shouting into the transmitter and dancing around the room.
     “It’s the best of even great things.  Look at the pain those two are in.  Reminds me of another 2 corpses who think they’ve got the upper hand.  Look at them laughing, oh you fools,” said Terponic slyly as a wry smile crept across his face.    And he watched Gagoom and Despitch laughing uncontrollably as Tom looked out his windows thinking he was being watched.
     Then Tom raced over and picked up a baseball bat and shouted,” The dead are faking it, here let me show you!”    Then Tom bashed the transmitter with his bat and laughed gleefully.
     Then up came Despitch’s and Gagoom’s meals and they saw this and stopped laughing.  Wexor and Terponic looked at each other and then shrugged their shoulders.   They grabbed a pair of steak and cheese sandwiches and started eating.  They ate for several minutes and watched the play.    Tom was now at a courthouse suing the music industry for stealing his music.    And for stealing his lyrics and using a former intern that agreed to testify on his behalf named Slamol Tenpus.  
     “So is it fair to say that Mr. Tom Penetho had his music openly talked about at you record label, as being stolen and rerecorded by big name artists?” asked Hamic Buchan sternly as he walked from side to side and pretended to kick a soccer ball.
     Hamic Buchan is a silver haired black bearded lawyer for the defense.    And he has on a white silk suit and tan silk tie, as well as black Armani shoes.
     “Not just talked about in serious terms, but he was an on running joke.  Whenever we needed a hit they’d pray he was in the mood to write a song.  Because if he was they’d say, let’s keep the Tommy money machine rolling away from his house,” said Slamol calmly as she interlocked her fingers and sat forward in her chair. 
     Slamol is blonde haired with it slicked back into a ponytail.  She has a large slopping nose and a mouth full of white straight teeth that make her look like she is smiling as she speaks.   She has on a blue and white stripped t-shirt and a pair of black silk dress pants.    She also has on black Nike tennis shoes and a gold bracelet around her wrist.
     “So then he was a laughing stock!   Interesting, I don’t believe a man of Mr. Penetho’s credentials could be laughed at.  Why did they feel he was such a loser?” asked Hamic as he eyed an old woman in a lacy dress in the front row of the jury stand.    And he smiled and waved at her.
     “Because he was, and that’s putting it mildly.  They had documents on him from 15 years ago and pictures of him from 20 years ago that showed him being an absolute ass to people.  I’m not defending him, but they chose to only see his faults,” said Slamol calmly as she threw a smile to Tom and he grinned back at her.

                                                                        Chapter 4

                                                            An ounce of warm Busr




     After the play Gagoom and Despitch had a few glasses of wine then made their way to their submarine.   Once inside they looked out the front window and began to taxi out.
     “So are we filled with the warm contentment of a night well spent in the company of friends?” asked Wexor snidely as a warm smile came across his face.    And he watched Despitch laughing and Gagoom smiling, as he swerved the sub back and forth on purpose to get a rise out of Despitch.
     “The fleet of subs are in position, Wexor, when do you want us to take them out?” asked Terponic sternly as he clapped his hands once quickly and let out a loud sigh.    Wexor got within an inch of Gagoom and pretended to bite his nose off.
     “Wait ‘til they get at least halfway home.  It’s funnier that way and what I’ve always said is, if it’s funny it’s worth doin’.  Let’s scorch some jerks,” said Wexor greedily as Gagoom rode his sub out into the open lake and past some giant purple roses.
     “Boy it sure is beautiful out here at night.  Do you think anyone could fathom a thing like this ever truly?” asked Gagoom softly as he eyed the Coulda Beast swimming up ahead of them as it chased a school of fish.
     “They could try and that’s the whole point of it all.  If god had to make it, then Doramockind gets to admire it.  And in most cases destroy it.  Who would ever want to destroy something truly beautiful?” asked Despitch breathlessly as she watched a massive 10 foot long wide mouthed Bass swimming in circles in front of their sub.    And a flint of a smile came across her face as Wexor laughed hysterically.
     “I would you dumb fuckers.  You’re dead, you’re gonna be fish food.  Table for two, Gagoom and Despitch meat pies and a side of screw your beauty, you got out thinked!” shouted Wexor joyously as he danced all over the sub and Terponic laughed at this.
     “Only a person who had no appreciation for it.  A pure ugly soul could and would.    And that’s the divine symphony that Gabra lets us hear it for better or worse,” said Gagoom softly as he looked out over all the glowing restaurant’s front.    And there were ribbons of red and green light floating thru the water.    And Gagoom felt truly happy and inspired.
     “Ugly soul, me really me always me.  Are we having a moment?  Is tissue required?” asked Wexor sarcastically as he pretended to wipe Gagoom’s tears and then said snidely,” the world could end, I’d watch that pretty water a little closer, captain sunken dink.”
     Then out in front of Gagoom’s sub appeared a fleet of 50 of Wexor’s gold and brown catfish shaped empirical submarines.   Each of which having 100 water piercing lights on the front and sides, as well as 2 dozen torpedoes on both sides of the subs.  They also have close range machine guns that are high powered and use compressed air.
     “What is that out there in front of us, Gagoom?” asked Despitch as she squinted and looked at the fleet of subs.    And Gagoom sat forward and grimaced. 
     “I can’t tell, it might be a wedding party heading to their reception.  We’d be smart to just steer clear of them as they might be drunk,” said Gagoom in a concerned voice as he steered to the right of the oncoming subs.    And he felt a strong nervousness take hold of him.
     “Married, who’d marry you with all that eyebrow hair hmm, Gagoom?” asked Wexor sarcastically as he danced around and threw punches thru Gagoom and Despitch’s holograms.
     “They are so meat right now,” said Terponic sternly as he watched Wexor’s fleet swerve towards Gagoom’s sub.    And he held back his laughter and Terponic put his hand over his mouth and then asked sarcastically,” did you ever get the feeling you were near death?  I’d swim for it if I were you, but be sure to cover those bottoms with chum!    The Coulda is dyin’ for a feast.”
     Then one of Wexor’s subs crashed into the side of Gagoom’s sub.    Sending his sub flying into the underwater garden on the right uncontrollably.  His sub shot thru the giant roses severing them from their stems.    And it blocked Gagoom’s view in front of the sub.
     “Jesus fucking Christ, what in the hell is that lunatic doing?  We could die down here for fuck’s sake,” said Gagoom sharply as he tried to steer out of the garden.    And then Gagoom hit a patch of underwater pumpkins.   And he smashed thru 25 of them covering the sub in pumpkin.
     “Do something, Gagoom, or the hull will be breached!” said Despitch frantically as she held onto a shaken Gagoom.    Gagoom pulled up on the steering wheel as he did another of Wexor’s subs hitting him from the top.    And this sent Gagoom’s sub careening into the Coulda Beast.
     The sub sunk into the Coulda’s flesh and opened up a gaping wound.   This caused the Coulda to shriek in agony.    And then it grabbed the sub and shook it from its side.    Then it hurled it out into the lake.  This threw Gagoom and Despitch up against the walls of the sub splitting open Gagoom’s forehead and breaking Despitch’s arm.
     “Boy these waters sure are dangerous this time of never.  How’s that quick blow to the head treatin’ ya?” asked Wexor sarcastically in a thick southern drawl.    As he laid down beside Gagoom and glared at him with a smirk in his face.
     “Are you alright, Despitch?” asked Gagoom as he picked himself up and blood gushed down his face.
     “My arm, it’s broken, but we can’t dwell on it.  Just get us to the surface before something worse happens,” said Despitch softly as she fought back tears and clutched her broken arm.
     “You’ve got to be kidding.  You really think I’ll let you slip away, oh no no no, goo goo goo,” said Wexor condescendingly as he then ran and kicked thru Despitch’s broken arm with his holographic leg.
     “I’ll get us to safety, you just hold on,” said Gagoom boldly then he hit the thrusters and the sub rocketed upward.    As it did Wexor’s fleet blasted the sides of the sub with machine guns tearing hundreds of holes in the fuselage.
     This sent water rushing into the inner cavity of Gagoom’s sub.   And one bullet hit Despitch in the back and blew a 2 foot hole out thru her chest.    She gasped for air as Gagoom tried to steer the sub to the surface, unaware she’d been hit.
     “Having trouble breathing?  Too much old cheese again huh?” asked Wexor sarcastically as he knelt over Despitch and blew air at her face as she continued to gasp for air.
     Then Gagoom got his sub beyond Wexor’s fleet and he pierced the surface.  Then he turned to Despitch and asked boldly,” We’ve made it, we’re…, Despitch, what happened?”         
     Then Gagoom raced to her side and propped up her head.    She spit up blood and Wexor said sarcastically,” I don’t think she’s gonna make it.  I’ve seen a lot of these cases and few make it to retirement age.  Maybe you should sing her a song and whisper pie recipes in her ear.”
     Terponic laughed as Gagoom looked down at Despitch and said boldly,” Don’t you dare die on me, Despitch, you’re all I’ve got.  Keep fighting we can make it.”
     “The maker of boring romance novels and wet tissue movies owns the copyright on those lines.  So try something else quick,” said Wexor sarcastically as he nodded his head rhythmically.    And then he did a cocky dance and pushed out his chest.
     “I’m not gonna make it, Gagoom, but you will and that’s all that matters,” said Despitch tearfully as she coughed up blood.    Her eyes went still and she died in his arms.    Gagoom let out a scream and shook her shoulders and began to cry.
     “Eased all over again.  What are we doing with the other subs?” asked Wexor as he looked at Gagoom and nodded then looked at Terponic.
     “Give it a second and the real fun’ll start,” said Terponic happily as he grabbed a bottle of wine and then took a long drink and let out a sigh.
     “Well I’m not dying in this fucking sub, not now!” said Gagoom boldly as he set down Despitch and then raced to the steering wheel.
     Gagoom started to ride the sub at full speed across the lake towards his castle.    When Wexor’s fleet of subs burst up onto the surface of the lake and gave chase.
     “Hey, Gagoom, I hope you like crowds.  Do you think you could be more terrified or less?  Cause you look like your fuck face is frozen across your face and it’s creepin’ me out,” said Wexor sarcastically as he danced around Gagoom and punched thru his balls, as Gagoom had a worried look on his face.
     “You subs had better not try anything!  I’m the mayor of New York for fucks sake!” said Gagoom boldly and angrily as he tried to flee Wexor’s subs.    They had him surrounded and he smashed his broken sub into one of them, but they didn’t move and it only did more damage to his sub.
     Water gushed into Gagoom’s sub as Wexor and Terponic pretended to swim and shower.    And Gagoom quickly looked around the sub for a way out.
     “Nowhere to run to baby, Nowhere to hieeide!” sang Wexor as he jumped up in the air and did a split.
     “I can’t die like this, not now!  I’ll get out of here you mark my words!” shouted Gagoom then a hail of bullets were shot into the sub by Wexor’s fleet.    And Gagoom got riddled with bullets, as massive pieces of his flesh splattered on the walls.  
     Then he slumped over and shook violently and died.  Wexor and Terponic began to clap loudly and then they shouted like a Lion.
     “O.K great, the deadweight is dead.  I want his sub burned, then sunk so as no one gets wise.  Then I want a good cheeseburger and a glass of Dr. Pepper with ice as I am starving.  Tell the fleet good work,” said Wexor as he jumped up and down on Gagoom.    And then he ran over and kicked thru Despitch’s head.
     Meanwhile at the Guess Building it was early morning.    And everyone was in the Cornofor lounge having a bit of breakfast.   It included Grega, Rocka, Rosemary, Pat, Den, Righter, and Amo sitting on a giant brown plush beanbag couch.    It has a round mahogany table in the center of it.   And the couch floats above a large swimming pool of purple water.  There are dozens of the same couches and tables floating throughout the Cornofor lounge.    And many people are swimming in the S shaped wave pool, that has a sandy island surrounding it.  There are also several slots you can drive your table into.   And they lead to different parts of the hotel.    And they are clearly marked as they have different elevators in them.  The walls in the room are covered in a red holographic inferno that appears they are ablaze.    And even have dozens of devils climbing up and down them.    And they are shouting obscenities at every person in the pool.  The ceiling goes up 50 stories and has thousands of decks set up in it that are used by the permanent residents of the Guess.
     “Alright look, for us to pull this off it will take more than luck.  I’ve got the restaurant and the street set up for the day after tomorrow.    But if even one Doramoc sees us chopping one of theirs to pieces, there will be a frenzy of them descending on us that you wouldn’t believe,” said Righter boldly as he held a fork of chicken alfredo pasta in his hand as he spoke.     And everyone listens intently and continues to eat.
     Righter is 6’1” and weighs 226 pounds.    He has braided squares in his dark red long wavy hair.    As well as a triangular cap on the front of his head that is solid gold.    And the cap has tiny Egyptian statues at the base of it.  He has dark turquoise serious eyes.    And he has a round bulbous nose that has a large bump in the center    He got the bump from an apparent bar fight years earlier where he had been hit at pointblank range by a barstool.  He also has hands so large he holds coffee mugs with his pinky.    And you can’t tell he is holding anything at all.  He has on a burgundy cashmere sweater and tan Gucci dress pants.   And Demano dress shoes that have the phrase,” When lemons aren’t enough, drink freshly squeezed life and make true joy,” written along the sides of the leather soles.
     “That’s true, but we can quarry off the lot of them with ease?    As you see if the crowd on the street is all of us with eyes up if you know what I mean.  Then when a Doramoc nears the killzone, all’s we have to do is annoy them.    And they’ll go a different direction or even down a different street.  I wouldn’t worry about it, Righter, we’re fine,” said Grega firmly as he sat back and put his arms behind his head.   And then let out a sigh of satisfaction.
     “You’re right, but what annoys a Doramoc enough to get them to change course?” asked Rosemary as she looked down at a pair of hunky men sitting poolside.    And then she smiled and waved at them.
     “Smells, nothing bothers a Doramoc man or woman more than flatulence or B.O.  If they catch wind, of wind, they’ll instantly turn and go the other direction with a scowl on their faces.  I once ripped a silent but unbelievably deadly in a movie theater.    And no less than a dozen Doramocs got up and left cursing a blue moon.  You want ‘em to run, let her rip,” said Den slyly then he flexed his right bicep and everyone was laughing.    And he smiled from ear to ear.
     “I was there, I went smell deaf for 3 weeks from that nearly o-ring blowing thunderclap of Den’s asscheeks.  He neglected to mention it was a tender moment in the film.   Where the lead character was just told I love you by her blind beau.  Odd how many people were not amused as Den and I laughed hysterically,” said Rosemary happily as they all laughed and Den made a goofy smile.
      “It lacked tact that fart, but it made up for it in volume and texture.  And I seem to remember Rosemary letting one rise asunder, a few minutes later in the crushing death scene of said would be lovers.  Don’t try and deny it,” said Den slyly as he pointed to Rosemary and everyone laughed.   Rosemary shook her head and smiled.
     “So as you can see, we can pull this off and do it with minimal risk.  Righter, do you still want us to be there for moral and righteous support?” asked Grega calmly as a flint of a mischievous smile came across his face.
     “Well, it’s more than want, I need as many people who know what’s happening there as I can possibly get.  So yes I would be honored if you came,” said Righter sincerely as he gave everyone a nod and then they nodded back.
     “That’s what my last girlfriend said after only 4 hours of sex.  Who knew there was a time limit on such a thing,” said Den jokingly then everyone laughed and he threw up his hands and grinned.
     “I’d want it in writing if you were on top of me.  Geez laweez I thought sitting next to you for 10 minutes was hard,” said Rosemary jokingly as she smiled and Den made a stern face.   And everyone broke out laughing.
     “We’ll be there, it’s at the Sat and Ate restaurant on Wednesday,” said Pat implying a question as he sat forward and grabbed a baked roll and then tore it in half.
     “That’s correct, just meet us at the service entrance to the restaurant in the alleyway.    And we’ll figure out how to use you,” said Rocka sternly as she gave Den a look and he squinted back at her.
     “Alright then, I’ve got some preparations to do so I’ll have to leave you now.  Rocka, are you comin’ with me?” asked Righter as he steered the couch and table towards the slot for the lobby elevator.    He used the built in steering wheel and anti-gravity thrusters to navigate.
     “Yeah, you’ll need my expertise before too long.  What are the rest of you gonna do for 2 days?” asked Rocka as the couch flew up into a slot on the right that led to a small lounge next to 3 turbo elevators.
     The lounge has a large brass bed set up on the right that is perfectly round.    And it has silk black bedding and white pillows.  Behind it is a painting of Busr B. Haimaq.
     Busr B. Haimaq is the last of the American rockstars and movie actors to have earned enough money not to have to work a second job.  As the industry had all but dried up and blown away.    But Busr found a way to make movies with top grade special effects and albums for very little money and turn a profit.  His last 36 feature films brought in over 5 million dollars combined.  After the fall of all the major movie studios there was still a demand for good movies.    The profit margin unfortunately made it impossible to turn a buck.  Enterprising artists used techniques like homemade green screens and family owned locations to create top notch movies.    And Busr was one of the first and most successful.  He made a string of action movies called,” Dawnlight,” that starred him as a messiah ex-army general.    The general’s soul ambition is to reclaim the world from the Doramocs and anoint himself as the new ruler and sexual leader.  Every film has at least one scene where Busr says his now famous lines,” If I’m warm to you, then the world’s on fire and only I’ve got the means to squelch it.  Now get me my legions of air.”
     “I’d thought we’d dig a deep hole and tell Grega there’s gold in it.  Then bury him when his dumb ass jumps in,” said Rosemary sarcastically in a happy voice as she smiled at Grega.    Grega shrugged his shoulders and they all had a laugh.
     “I didn’t appreciate that the last time, you shithead!  I was only nine!” said Grega sarcastically in a stern voice as he slammed his fist on the table and everyone burst out laughing.
     “You were eight, and it was the hole or the sewer!  I can’t help it if you thought I’d buried a chest of gold and apple pies!” shouted back Rosemary sarcastically.    And Grega looked at her wide eyed and his mouth agape as everyone laughed.
     “Those pies were my retirement fund and that gold would have gotten me new underwear!  I’ll never forgive you, unless there’s another chest somewhere you haven’t told me about!” said Grega loudly and sarcastically like a little kid.    As he spoke vacuously and stomped his foot and grimaced.    And Rosemary rubbed his back and blew in his ear and everyone was in hysterics.
     “It’s o.k., you’re dumb, you can’t help it.  Reading is not for everyone, hole digging is,” said Rosemary softly and sarcastically as she nodded and Grega tried not to laugh and then Rosemary did.
     “Hey why don’t we go and see the Yankees play for 5 innings?    And then go on a shopping spree?  Seein’ as we’re all loaded with cash flow,” asked Den as he and everyone climbed out of the floating couch and walked up to the turbo elevators.
     “Sounds like the better part of a great plan to me.  What do you say, Grega, and you ,Rosemary, and Amo?” asked Pat as he inspected the elevators and saw the words,” I’d beg for it, but it’s not enough.  Instead I’ll steal the energy to plead for it,” and he grimaced at the writing on the wall between the elevators.
     “I’m up for it, let’s make sure we make it known who we’re rooting for too.  God I hate the fucking Spankees,” said Grega firmly as he waited for the elevator doors to open.    Then Grega looked at Rocka and Righter who were smiling and he asked,” what’s so funny?”
     “We have to go,” said Righter warmly as he extended his hand and Grega shook it.    And then he shook Rocka’s hand and pressed a dark green button.    And all 3 elevator doors opened and he smiled.
     “Oh, wise man is it, go find me a manger,” said Den slyly as he grinned at Righter who laughed and shook everyone’s hands.
     “I knew you’d figure it out.  The Manger’s on the 3rd floor past the men in wool robes,” said Righter slyly as he stepped into the elevator on the left with Rocka.   And Rocka waved to everyone and smiled.
     “I knew it, how embarrassing,” said Den slyly as he stepped into the elevator with everyone else.
     They pressed the button for the ground floor and rocketed to the bottom.  Then the doors slid open and they could see a 5 level living room slash lobby.     And it has 2 dozen couches in and around a fake mountain cave setting.  The mountain itself is lush and green. And it has several statues of Sudin Goon in and around it.    Showing her naked and holding a book in both hands.
     Sudin Goon was a female civil rights activist who protested against the Doramocs 77 years prior.    Until a bloody showdown outside an art gallery in the SOHO region of New York left her dead.  Sudin showed up to her showing of cartoon art stills wearing nothing and carrying a copy of her two books,” The truth about liars.”   A book about how easily an army of brutes can be toppled by a single intellectuals call to action.   And her novel,” Don’t laugh at me, I was joking.”   And it is about a red haired woman of thirty who assassinates the Doramoc emperor with a dagger disguised as a pen.   Then a dozen Doramoc men showed up at her art gallery and began destroying all her stills.    Then Sudin pulled out a dagger disguised as a pen and buried it in one Doramoc man’s neck.  Then her friends began pulling out handguns, but as they did the Doramocs quickly began beating them to death.  They only got off a few rounds at the Doramocs before they were all dead including Sudin, who had her neck snapped sideways.
     “I thought he said the manger was on the 3rd floor,” said Amo sarcastically as they walked into the lobby.    And she saw the mountain and everyone paused for a second then laughed heartily.
     “I knew he was lying, I could tell ‘cause he was talkin’,” said Grega sarcastically as they walked up a ramp.    And then thru a tunnel in the mountain that has the words,” Feet to the street,” above it and everyone continued laughing.
     They emerged on Wall Street and saw a bustling city stretched out before them.  There were thousands of luxury cars all over the street that included Porsches and Mercedes.     As well as Chevy and Ford trucks flying in and around the newly designed city.     The buildings all have round tunnels thru them for cars, trucks, and transport vehicles.     As well as sidewalks that make them look like Swiss cheese.  There are Lion and Alligator shaped skyscrapers set side by side that even have fur on them.    As well as scales for the alligator building that is used by Macy’s for their headquarters.   There are also rotating nightclubs that swing in and thru other buildings, as the people inside felt nothing because of the artificial gravity.  There is a floating golf course in and around the skyline.    And it has wind dampeners surrounding each hole.    That way you wouldn’t get blown off the side.    And they also have a wall of lose particles that when your ball hits them it bounces back towards the course.    There are dozens of holographic billboards floating out in front of storefronts.    Like the one for McDonalds that has the words,” Arteries are for clogging and we’re only here to help.”     As well as one for Jellybean Heaven that has the glowing red words,” Diets don’t work, give your waistline the extra room it’s been asking for.”   There is also a river on one side of the street that has been put there for water sports.    And it has several water-skiers and jet-skiers racing down Wall Street.
     “Alright, this street is so fucking ridiculous it’s making my head spin,” said Rosemary happily as they stood on the moving sidewalk and rode down Wall Street.
     “That’s just the devil living in your spine causing that.  I meant to warn you, but my demons wouldn’t let me,” said Den sarcastically as they rode along.    And they laughed with people flying past them in the other direction on a similar sidewalk.
     “Are those the same demons you claimed poll danced for you naked while you watched a Seinfeld marathon?” asked Grega jokingly as he walked over to Amo and slapped her butt and she perked up.
     “Those very demons.!    Don’t say it too loud or I’ll never get my security deposit back from them upon our return to Poorland.  Or the land of many moms as I like to call it,” said Den jokingly as he grinned at Grega.    And Grega was laughing at Den who was laughing with Amo.
     “Why do you call it that, is it biblical?” asked Amo happily then she kissed Grega’s cheek.   And Grega smiled back at her.
     “Sort of in a not really at all kind of way.  No, the real reason, and this has been verified by National Geographic.     Is that 90 percent of all the single woman in Portland are pregnant or already have a kid.  And the rest are all gay.  So you pregnant yet, Rosemary?” asked Den jokingly as everyone was laughing.    And Rosemary gave Den a hard shove and smiled.
     “No, but my girlfriend says hi and thanks for shaving your mole,” said Rosemary jokingly and sarcastically as she burst out laughing with everyone else.    And they rode up into a tunnel thru the Ioran Building.    It was shaped like a Wooly Mammoth and is named after religious writer and prophet Betsa Goodtime.
     Betsa Goodtime is an underground Jewish priestess.    Who many still believe Betsa to be the new messiah and sister to Jesus.  She was found in a busy subway terminal as a newborn baby 19 years ago.    She was perched precariously on top of a moving subway train.   Many saw her speed past them and believed it a miracle she survived.   Then in her 13th year she was accidentally served a plate of pasta that a large quantity of arsenic spilled on it.    And she ate it and had only a mild case of gas to which it was deemed her second miracle.   Then in her 18th year she wrote the now widely accepted preeminent religious book called,” Perfect imperfections.”    And included the passage,” If it comes to a dying woman’s last words, before a sensitive being can be appreciated, then we killed her ourselves however god’s taken her.  And when we laugh at their passing when no one is thought to have heard.   A thunderous wave of sound is echoing from one edge of civilization.   And then to the leafs edge in the center of the uninhabited wastelands of the jungle.    That screams out your sins and visits them on each and every one of us.   No…no we are caring to a fault, or all our faults become shared and destruction fills every cell in our bodies with black.”  She also wrote, “The Ultimate commandment,” as it was called and went as such,” One hundred deaths a day, until no child is forced to relive their parents lives against their natural wishes and in spite of their true passions.  Or if so, a universal death for us all and a world without laughter for a billion years.  Then god finally answers every wish and command, but no one gets to know anything of it or feels the joy it involved.”
     “Yeah thanks, Den, that scraggly hair was in danger of poking an eye out,” said Grega sarcastically as he looked up and saw a verse from Betsa that read,” Tense weeks of inspiration led only a few to lifetimes of satisfaction.    But they instead brought the rhythm of god’s thoughts to us all.  That’s why perspiration is the coffee in the cup, of an eager mass of joyous dancers flying thru the walls of contempt.”
     “Yeah Jesus, Den I almost choked on it at breakfast,” said Amo sarcastically in a stern voice as everyone laughed.    And Den looked at her with a grin on his face.
     “Amo, I had high hopes for your brain surgery recovery, but alas it was a failure.  Now dig me a hole you bubble butt derelict,” said Den sarcastically as everyone passed thru the last portion of the Ioran building.     Then out onto a garden video arcade that had games like,” Spinning thru the Viscous.”  That was in the pattern of a daisy with over 3,000 games all told.
     “Spinning thru the Viscous,” is a multi player game.    That hundreds of thousands of players can play all at once all over the world.    It involves a central character named Yeapu Viscous.    And this massive riddle he has hidden pieces of it all over the holographic universe of Laothos.    As you find these pieces new levels of Yeapu’s teachings are revealed.    And you are allowed amazing gifts of wealth and new realms you can share with similar players.   And those players have to have found the same pieces to enter.  There are also bits of his knowledge like,” When times are the most chaotic find a smile from years long ago and know the true symphony god intended,” scattered throughout Laothos.  There are also other bits of game knowledge that can also be applied to life like the adage,” Why run thru walls made of glass, let your dreams shatter them,” on many of the walls.  You could also enlist spies to steal parts of the riddle from other players and help you find secret passageways to the Goab Realm, which was a little known about place in the game hidden behind a statue that you could go in and choose real items like cars and leather jackets and they would be sent to your actual home.  The end of the game had very little known about it, but it was rumored you could win a powerful seat in the Doramoc hierarchy as well as other prizes like large monetary gifts, but if you told anyone how to get there you forfeited all winnings.
     “I had low hopes for you, Den, and you achieved them,” said Amo sarcastically as she made a silly face.   And Den laughed and shook his finger at her.  
     “Hey they have, Spinning thru the Viscous, let’s play for a couple of minutes,” said Rosemary excitedly then she ran over to the game followed by everyone else.
     “I love that game, it’s so mysterious,” said Amo as they walked up to the Porsche shaped game.    And it had a pair of tan leather couches inside and a wall of holographic players.   And you could choose one or play as yourself by simply standing in front of an imaging screen.
     “I don’t love it, bitch cheater on me.  I only play, Mario Brothers death and sheer vengeance these days.  That said, I wanna play first,” said Grega excitedly as he stood in front of the imager.   And his holographic self appeared in the 3D game screen in front of the Porsche portion.
     “Mario Brothers death and sheer vengeance,” is the latest installment of the franchise.    Where a now evil Mario and Luigi have started an organized crime family and have taken over Chicago.  They use an iron fist as they take over the whiskey and gambling business.    And Mario becomes the governor of Illinois.  You take Mario thru a series of massive gun battles with the local police, as you fight to maintain your empire.
     “Hey I want some of that action too.  And I do mean holographic Pat action,” said Pat slyly as he moved in front of the imager as did everyone except for Rosemary.   Rosemary used a jagged and smooth edged red 15 foot robot avatar.    And she started the foot race at the beginning that every payer had to do.   And the first one out of the maze got a dozen new weapons to use.
     Everyone lined up at the starting line of the game on a treadmill in real life.    And they waited for the starting blue and green Goblin to explode and then they would start running.
     “Alright look you fuckers, I’m the fastest there is just accept your total destruction in this race and make your peace with the almighty!    As I’m about to really break some serious wind.  And I mean nugget filled wind,” said Den slyly in a stern voice, as everyone jockeyed for position and then laughed as he grinned.
     All 5 of them stood there on the treadmill and laughed.    And then the Goblin hologram in front of them burst into a million phrases like,” I was the inkless pen’s friend,” as well as,” where are the annoying best friends.”  The phrases danced around in front of everyone as they started to run for it.
     “You can’t catch me!   I’m jet inspired and rocket birthed pure speed!” said Rosemary enthusiastically as she ran at full speed.    And she took an early lead thru a large orange tunnel that went up and thru a series of waterfalls.    The waterfalls slowed each player more depending on where you ran thru them.
     With Pat in second as he ran and jumped thru a red waterfall and emerged on the other side on a bridge made of human bones.   With Grega, Amo, and Den just behind him.
     “Rosemary, slow down it’s not a race or anything,” said Den sarcastically as he ran full out.
     “I will when I win,” said Rosemary boldly as she grinned.    And then she sprinted up thru a series of statues and she knocked their heads off with her hands.   And the other racers had to jump over them.
     “Oh look who’s playing dirty.  And I haven’t showered yet,” said Grega jokingly as he jumped over 3 of the heads and did a cocky laugh.
     “Me either!   Can someone pass me the soap and, Rosemary, just let me pass,” said Den sarcastically as he playfully elbowed Rosemary in the ribs.    Rosemary giggled and elbowed him back.
     “Yeah, Rosemary, you’re being greedy with victory.  Let an old chum have it for a while, I want to pet it,” said Pat jokingly as his player ran up a steep ladder.    Then Pat ran into a room filled with pink and purple bubbles that have Goblins inside.    And he started to pop them with his fingernails.                                          
     Rosemary had already popped her way thru much of the room, but the Goblins latched onto her arms and legs and were slowing her down considerably.
     “Get these jerkwads off of me already!” yelled Rosemary happily as she ran and shook her arms.    And Amo and Grega were about to pass her when she tried to fling the Goblins at them.   They ducked and ran past her popping bubbles as they did.
     “Nice try, Rosemary, but we’ve got too many skills to be tricked ha ha,” said Grega happily as he ran thru a vortex and shot out the other side the winner and laughed and yelled,” it’s lonely at the top, ‘cause you can only fit one set of shoes on the pedestal!”
     Then everyone’s avatars got thrust high into the air.    And the Avatars landed in the middle of an island of robot statues and half destroyed skyscrapers.    And around them there were lush green grass, trees, and purple bushes growing up everywhere.
     “You lucky prick, I outta laugh as they put you to rest for that trick,” said Rosemary dejectedly as she shook her head and then let out a loud laugh.
     “If you do my dead body will resurrect and kill your ass.  Huh you little bitch,” said Grega sarcastically as he grinned and motioned with his arms like he was swimming.   And Rosemary looked at him perplexed and Amo and Pat laughed.
     “If you try I’ll beg god to reincarnate you as a seat cushion in a men’s restroom.  Don’t think I won’t either, I can do damage to your bad name,” said Rosemary sarcastically and sternly as she put Grega in a headlock and everyone laughed.
     “Wait a minute you two, look at the weapons, Grega, just got and this wacked out island.  I’ve never seen this place before,” said Den as he walked in and around a large trio of black robots and a purple breeze shot past him.
     Then there were a pair of skin exploding rocket grenades and a pair of laser sunglasses now on his avatar.    And he also has a laser whip that dances in ovals in front of him.
     “Where in the fuck is this?  Did you enter some weird code or something, Grega?” asked Rosemary in disbelief as she walked thru a grid of birds that began to sing the words,” You have found what is great!  Don’t worry or fret you’re the only one yet!!!”
     “No I have no idea how we got here, but I like it.  Wouldn’t it be funny if there’s some rewards chamber in here with a million bucks in it,” said Grega happily as he walked past a floating doorway and then said wryly,” hey look a doorway to, Pat’s, house, I mean nowhere.”
     Then Grega grabbed the door handle and twisted it.    And as it opened it fell onto the grass in front of him.    Then a stairwell down into the ground appeared.  There suddenly was a symphony playing a thunderous song as everyone hurried over to Grega.
     “Well now things are getting cool.  Quick, Pat, run down the stairs and get killed so we don’t have too,” said Amo slyly and sarcastically t as she laughed greedily and Pat smiled back at her.
     “No way, it’s your hole, Grega, that makes it your dyin’ to do,” said Pat sternly as he walked up to the edge of the stairs.    And everyone else stood there looking down at the blackness at the bottom.
     “Well, let’s have a bit of fun then,” said Grega happily then he started down the stairs followed by everyone.
     And as he touched each step a wave of sound shot up at them and said things like,” Children are too childish, grow up already,” as well as,” Turn the pain in sullen refrains, into mountains of joyous love, and know the truth about what it is to be alive.    As they neared the bottom of the steps the steps flattened out and everyone slid down 100 feet into a large dance hall.   There before them are hundreds of white and black ghostly figures that look like elderly Doramocs, floating a few feet above a black and red marble floor.  There are horses running across the room over the heads of the dancers.    And into an adjoining lake of money and gold, silver, and diamond studded coins.   The lake seems to go on forever with a red sun buried 50 feet halfway beneath the money that shines upward.   Then everyone stood up and looked around and heard the voice of Yeapu say,” If you’ve been wise to find my party room, then you’ve earned the gift that comes with it.  Wade out into my lake of riches.    And find the account number for your new bank account at Bank of America, for a massive sum.  You’ve also earned the right to use my luxury apartment overlooking Central Park, just call 818-9815 and all will be taken care of.”
     “Are you kidding me, we play some stupid game on a lark and we’re rich because of it,” said Den in disbelief as he looked at everyone wide eyed and then laughed loudly.
     “That’s true, but how rich and how nice is this pad?  Because there are many you’d rather be homeless apartments in this city, that aren’t worth our time,” said Rosemary as she walked past the ghosts and a smile crept across her face.
     “Let’s find out, we need to see where the lake is first,” said Grega happily as he followed Rosemary’s avatar out onto the dance floor and he pumped his fist.
     “I already found it, look over here,” said Rosemary enthusiastically as she motioned with her hands like a conductor and giggled.
     “Whoa, that’s a lot of greenbacks, but wouldn’t it be funny if the prize was only a couple hundred bucks,” said Pat as he followed everyone out into the lake.
     “Hey that’s a happy meal and a twelve pack don’t knock it.  Then there’s the loose change from said purchases, that adds up over time,” said Den sarcastically as he danced out into the lake and had money up to his chest as everyone laughed.
     “I’ll said purchase you.  Let’s drown, Den, in the money!” said Rosemary sarcastically as she grabbed Den and tried to pull him down by the waist with both hands.   Then Pat joined in and Grega and Amo laughed.
     “Oh mother Murphy I need’s your guidance in my hour of wrestling.  Please save ole Den,” said Den jokingly as the 3 of them wrestled playfully.    And as they did Grega could see a green crown floating on a wad of wet money.    And he reached over and grabbed it.
     Then the crown shot up onto his head and a voice was then heard to say,” Account number PHO8NY.  Your money in the amount of 275 million dollars is ready and awaiting you and yours.  I only ask one thing of you as you leave the drudgery of being a part of the workforce behind.    Never tell anyone where you got this money who doesn’t know right now, because if you do the repercussions will be dire.  Leave worry where liars bury their cares, in lies.”
     “Did you hear that?  We are rich and never have to work again!” shouted Grega as he jumped up and did a 360 spin.    And everyone else cheered loudly.
     “Well in that case let’s stop playing video games and go and celebrate,” said Amo warmly then she stuck out her tongue and Grega gave her a long kiss.
     “Yeah, Grega, let’s do a bit of city painting and I do mean red,” said Den slyly as he looked at Grega who nodded softly.
     “Hey I’m all for it, but only if Rosemary shaves her chest hair.  They won’t let us in most places if she doesn’t,” said Grega sarcastically then everyone laughed.    And Rosemary began gently slapping his arm and Grega winced in fake pain.
     “I can’t shave it without a sandblaster.  You knew that already,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she rubbed her chest hard.    And then Rosemary shook her head no as everyone chuckled.
     “Hey what about the game?  I thought we had made a good plan,” asked Den in disbelief as he eyed everyone sternly and they looked surprised.
     “Yeah, Grega, what if we go check on the money first to make sure it’s there.  Then go to the game and see the apartment after,” said Pat as he implied a question and climbed out of the Spinning thru the Viscous game and stretched his arms out.
     “Good point, but if we’re going to the game I say we get the best seats they’ve got.  No more of this nickel and dime shit.  I want every luxury known to man and we’ve earned it, all of us,” said Grega enthusiastically as he gave everyone a nod and they nodded back.
     “Fuckin’ right, let’s hit it,” said Amo boldly as she slapped Grega’s butt.   And Grega then grabbed hers and laughed.
     They walked over to the moving sidewalk and then they began looking for a Bank of America branch.  And they saw one up the street in a plaza.  They made their way to the bank.    And then Grega and everyone went in and walked up to the teller named Borna Gain.
     Borna Gain has short curly black hair that is tied into a ponytail in the center.  She is 5’1” and is very curvy.  She has hazel eyes that look right thru you and a short upturned nose, as well as thick lips.  She is sexy to look at, but doesn’t seem to know it.  She has on a black pair of silk pants and a white lacy short sleeved shirt, as well as red leather heels.
     “Hello there, sir, is there anything I can make you happy with?” asked Borna in a sultry voice as she eyed Grega.    And he grinned back as she caught him off guard.
     “Ah, yeah lots of things, but actually I just wanted to check my balance on my account and take out a little money.  It’s PHO8NY and, yeah that’s it,” said Grega as he blushed.   Borna looked at him like she was about to have sex with him.   And Amo glared at Grega.
     “I’ll take care of it and you just wait there hard and strong,” said Borna in a sultry voice as she started typing in Grega’s account number.    And then on the computer screen in front of Grega the balance showed 275 million dollars and one cent.    And Grega nearly fainted as everyone looked at the number in shock.
     “Yeah, I’m gonna take out 100 thousand dollars.  And I’ll need it in hundred dollar bills and in a tan leather sack, alright?” asked Grega warmly as he tried not to look at Borna who was staring right at his crotch.    And Grega didn’t want to get a boner.
     “You want the BIG bills, I had a feelin’.  Just give momma a moment to find that smooth hard leather sack,” said Borna in a sultry voice as she touched her neck and top of her breasts.    Then she let out a sigh that was almost orgasmic. 
     Everyone looked at each other and tried not to laugh.
     “You sure are a passionate woman.  Do those clothes come off easily?” asked Den slyly as he looked at Borna and she winked back at him.
     Then Borna started counting out the money.    And she put each stack of ten thousand dollars into the leather sack.  She looked at Grega and nodded sternly as he grinned.    And then Amo elbowed him in the ribs.
     “Here’s your large bulging fortune in your smooth sack.  I hope this comes, in handy,” said Borna slowly and in a sultry voice as she handed Grega the sack.    And he smiled at her and nodded and then was about to leave, but stopped quickly.
     “If I were in prison, you’re just the type of gal I’d drop the soap for.  I don’t go around and say that to anyone ya know,” said Grega sarcastically then he held up the leather sack.    And everyone laughed as Borna waved to him.
     “Alright that was good and awkward.  I say we terrorize some Yankee fans to cleanse our pallets,” said Amo as they all walked out of the bank and out onto the moving sidewalk.
     “My pallet needs a six pack and some nachos with cheese, or I’m just gonna start shooting people,” said Den sarcastically and sternly as he pretended to pull out a gun.    And everyone looked at him perplexed.
     Then a runaway BMW came plummeting out of the sky.    And it shot past Den’s ear and proceeded to take out 25 people on the sidewalk.   Their bodies shot up in the air and into several building’s walls.  Then the BMW shot across the street.   And it crashed headlong into a young woman’s apartment named Henny Suo.  And it shot thru her living room and right over her as she lay on the couch.   The BMW smashed thru several walls destroying everything in its path.   It came to rest only inches from an old man named Moogo’s face, as he sat in his bathtub and casually soaked.   He looked at the BMW with his eyes bugging out of his head and then his shower cap fell off and Moogo said breathlessly,” This city’s tried to kill me for the last time.  I’m moving to Caribou Maine pronto.” 
     “Is everyone alright?” asked Amo as she looked and saw the 20 dead bodies.    And then Amo saw the other 5 badly wounded.   And she felt an uncontrollable fear and started to sobbing and snaking.
     Then one of the wounded began shouting,” You won’t take me alive!”   And he pulled out a Magnum 57 handgun and randomly started shooting people in every direction.   He put 2 bullet holes in a raven haired man of 27 years old named Jefray Loved.    And Jeffrey had a backpack filled with fireworks that got hit by the bullets and exploded.   This sent streams of green and blue light shooting in every direction like machine gun fire.   Grega grabbed hold of Amo and helped Den up.    And they quickly darted up the street into a restaurant called,” Time is a myth,” with Pat and Rosemary quick behind.
     Inside there are 3 rows of rectangular maple tables with only seats at either head of the table.  There are also several floating Boar’s heads all throughout the room.    And the Boar’s heads have snacks and condiments inside.  There are lounges built into each of the walls that have large couches and holographic movie theaters.  The walls of the restaurant have sayings like,” The sounds of progress also start with the screams of the helpless,” as well as the saying,” Touch a child’s hope and know you’ve got a place to hide your memories.”
     “Jesus fucking Horatio Christ, did that just happen?” asked Rosemary nervously as everyone ran to the back of the restaurant.
     “It still is. We’ve got to find the backdoor to this place and fast!” said Grega boldly as they all ran half bent over and heard shots out on the street.
     The gunman was picking people off one by one as he shouted,” Another pound of flesh for the church of good tidings!  Another day of reckoning for the children of lost belief in god!”  
     Then he took aim on a blind man sitting in a chair with a sign that read,” A little help is fine, but I can’t tell the difference.  So feed a creature of god for a day and it’ll feed your soul forever.”           
     He aimed at the blind man then shouted,” You should’ve seen this coming!”
     And then shot him in the chest.   Then an off duty police officer ran thru an alleyway and got behind the gunman.    He shot off 8 rounds hitting him square in the back.  The shots were hollow point and created massive exit wounds killing the man.    But not before a young white man with a thick brown beard pulled a knife.    And the young white man ran up and buried it in the police officers ribs.  The cop swung around and shot the man pointblank in the face sending his brains flying up in the air.
     “There’s no way out, Grega!  What in the hell do we do now!?” asked Pat frantically as they came to the back of the restaurant.    And they saw the exit was cemented over.
     “I think we can get out thru the basement.  We just need to find the stairs,” said Grega sternly as he looked around.    Then Grega saw a silver red cushioned chair that was affixed to the floor.   And he realized something was amiss and he ran over to it and pulled it up.
     Underneath it there sat a spiral staircase that went deep into the ground and was lit by candles.
     “Looks risky, Grega,” said Den nervously as he looked down the stairs and then at Grega.
     “It’s this or we’re dead, let’s go,” said Grega boldly then he started down the stairs followed by everyone.
     “The dead part got me,” said Den wryly as he hurried down the stairs.    And then Den glanced back up at the silver chair sliding back into place, and felt a shiver go down his spine.
     The stairs emerged at the edge of a large river.    And it had purple and red 3 inch thick tightly mowed grass on either side of it.  The grass was like a rug and the river also had several covered bridges from one side to the other.   With each bridge white in color with blue circles all over them that have Pado Stroll’s face inside them.
     Pado Stroll’s is the financier of the human organization called The Slam.  What the Slam does is pick and choose well orchestrated pranks on high level Doramocs so as to keep them perpetually agitated.  This allows Pado to propose enjoyable trips and vacations to them, when he knows they’re extremely annoyed.   This allows him to manipulate them into changing laws that would be beneficial to his casinos and massage parlors.  Pado was once heard to say of Doramocs,” They have a terror inside them that they can only passively hide.  That’s where the fun comes in, because I need to be where they’re hiding.”
     There are dozens of black leather chairs set up on either side of the river.    And also there are dozens of statues of Goblins in and around the chairs.    The statues hold various types of beer inside them chilled perfectly.  The walls in the room have hundreds of flags from all over the world.    And there is a large mural of a small girl being chased by an enormous raccoon with the words,” Pets sometimes pet back,” written beneath the young blonde haired girl.
     “Is this progress?” asked Rosemary nervously as they walked out onto the grass and looked around.
     “Let’s hope so, we need to see where this river goes,” said Grega boldly as he scanned the room for a way out.    And then Grega saw a doorway 100 yards down on the other side of the river and said happily,” that looks like something up there.”
     Then they started to walk briskly towards one of the bridges.    And Den could see inside one of the statues thru a glass window, that it was filled with Natural Light.
     “Hey motherfuckers, slow up, we got Naty light in large quantities,” said Den slyly as he pressed in a red button on the statue.    And out of its head came an ice cold can of Natural Light, as everyone looked at him perplexed.
     “Ah, I’m with him, fuck this tragedy shit,” said Rosemary wryly as she walked back over to where Den was just opening his beer.
     “She has herself a point, and I do mean valid,” said Pat as he ran over to get a beer.   And Amo followed him over.  And Grega looked at them with his mouth agape and his hand raised like a little kid.
     “Ya know this dyin’ stuff’s overrated.  Crack me a Naty,” said Grega slyly as he smiled and walked towards the statue.   As he did Rosemary tossed him a beer and giggled.
     Then everyone started drinking and Pat pointed to a set of 5 chairs and asked,” Hey who wants to grab a seat for a minute?”
     “I’m all for it, but we should load up on beers for the whole 35 yard trek to heaven,” said Amo only half jokingly as she proceeded to grab an arm full of beers, as did everyone else.
     “Those types of treks are nothing to scoff at.  I once had a pair of tiger cubs attack me, as I stumbled into the kitchen after hitting the bong a bit too hard.  Oh it still haunts me to this day,” said Den sarcastically then everyone laughed and grabbed a seat.
     As they did a holographic TV set rose out of the river and the movie,” We were right about hue,” started playing.  The movie is set in the middle of the Oklahoma cattle war of 2031.    It involved a pair of rival cattle ranchers who decided to have a bloody gun war to decide who would get all their land and cattle.   The 2 families were fed up with Doramoc rule and couldn’t stand battling each other anymore.  They wanted either of them to have enough money to go to Bermuda and have a fresh start, while the loser would perish in the war.  The movie starred Shiloh Pitt as the daughter of the winning rancher. 
     “You being haunted, haunts me too.  I didn’t want to admit it, so I’m admitting it.  Only raindrops have had a steeper fall or wetter life, than you dear, Den,” said Rosemary sarcastically in a thick southern accent.   And she grimaced at Den who burst out laughing as did everyone else.
     “I knew you knew me, because we’d met before when we were strangers.  And now I see you with my eyes that have sight, and it’s the greatest vision that hindsight I see 20-20.  I mean that, Rosemary, love is a thing lovers feel,” said Den sarcastically as everyone laughed and continued to drink their beers.
     “I smell your dumb words and lost thoughts of smart.  And I know we both are geniuses.  But now I stare at your man bulge and wonder.   What hides in there and is it worth rabies shots and physical therapy?  And I say hey, hey dear, Den, we were star crossed lovers of Naty.   And that is where lint tastes like squirrel shit,” said Rosemary sarcastically as everyone laughed and Den acted like he was swooning at her every word.
     “Did anybody eat less than 2 quarts of glue in grade school, or are we all complete morons?” asked Pat jokingly as he smiled at everyone and then asked brightly,” am I the only one who noticed there’s a movie coming out of the river?”
     Then in the movie it showed a bloody shotgun standoff.    As each of the cattle ranchers were riding at one another on the backs of Chevy trucks on a grassy glade of trees.  They fired shot after shot into each other’s trucks.    And then one of them got hit in the chest and a plume of blood went flying up in the air.
     “This movie is outrageous, contagious, and utterly repulsive to every eye that meets it!” said Den sarcastically as he shook his hand above his head and then said calmly,” and I’ve seen it eight times so don’t ask me the ending or I’ll tell you.”
     Then in the movie a hail of gunfire left all of the cattle ranchers dead or dying.    And a thick smoke engulfed them all and Amo looked intently at the film and then frowned.   
     “Ah, is that it are they all corpses now?  Because if they are then this movie is awesome,” said Amo brightly as she watched the last of the cattle ranchers climb out of the truck and shout,” too much not enough for me!”

                                                                        Chapter 5

                                                          Taken out at the ballgame




     The Doramoc shaman Chinius Roam is said to have lived over 1 million years ago in a Fasdurdly den on Forpush.
     Fasdurdly is an all encompassing powerful opiate.    And it causes a person to experience a joy and inspiration that is not possible any other way in life.   It comes in a yellow sword shaped pill and can instantly change a person’s personality to being more positive about everything.   The drug is made from the eyeballs of a rare lion like creature called a Goisup.    And it lives in and out of deep water all day long.    And it has a dark red fur and crystal blue square eyes. 
     Chinius bedded over 11,000 women over the course of his life calling them the,” Airbringers,” as it was.  Many of the Airbringers tried to get him to impregnate them, but he wouldn’t allow them to hold onto his back as he neared ejaculation.   He would even completely stop having sex with them and leave.    If he felt they were trying to pull him in close to get him to cum inside them.  Chius, as his friends referred to him, wrote an 1859 page book called,” Why we steal greatness.”   And it detailed all of his beliefs and included the passage,” A mildly creative person who sees actual creativity in another person will instinctively try to steal that song, story, painting, or acting gift.  Then they’ll create a similar work of art and give no credit to the actual artist.  They do this because they have an inflated ego or attractiveness.    And they can’t bear the thought of someone being able to do something they can’t.  I call these ones the worst of us, as they are allowed to live a life of ease as they regurgitate someone else’s hard work and strife.”   He also wrote a paragraph about power hungry people that went,” They need control over other people’s lives because theirs is a sham or boldfaced lie.  They grasp at the strings on people’s backs in a vain attempt to fill a void in their own souls.  They all have the same failing, a realization in childhood that they aren’t going to be greeting god when they die.    So they think what difference does it make if they do terrible and manipulative things to people.  Then as they’re doing them they go to great lengths to pray to god for guidance, as if he wants them to do their horrific deeds.  This is of no consequence to god as he finds it very humorous that any human being would think even passively, that he would interfere with a person’s life more than a time or two.   God lets life run full speed ahead at all times.   And laughs at the notion he has the time to care about your schemes and plans anymore than to know who to abolish upon death.”
     As everyone walked alongside the underground river they continued to drink their Natural Lights as they neared the doorway.  The door itself is egg shaped and made of a birch wood with planks of mahogany along the outside of it.   It also has a Goblin green handle and a winking eye on his face.  There is a brief set of steps leading up to it that has sayings like,” The fittest are too tired to survive,” as well as,” Could an imbecile write a book about slang?   That’s why I use it exclusively.”
     “Boy is Rosemary trashed, she just looked at Pat’s ass and smiled,” said Den jokingly as he walked up to the steps and everyone laughed except for Rosemary.
     “Oh is it jokes at my expense?  Well for the record that dog shit I saw you eat at Grega’s birthday party was only half nuts, but all shit!” said Rosemary sarcastically then she burst out laughing as did everyone else as they continued to drink.
     “I knew it all along, that’s why I used extra ketchup on it ah ya derelict,” said Den jokingly as he stumbled up the steps and everyone laughed loudly at him.
     Then Grega grabbed the door handle and turned it.    And he saw a long carpeted hallway that leads to a lavish lounge.  The walls of the hallway have lithographs of Mickey Mantle and Babe Ruth shown playing a game of poker in central field.
     “You sure that was ketchup, Den, or that time of the month?  Did it have hairs in it?” asked Amo sarcastically as she tried not to laugh and everyone else was.
     “Again, Amo, high hopes so very high,” said Den jokingly as they walked into the hallway and then he saw the lithograph and said under his breath,” Satan’s children on either side.”
     “Ya know, Grega, you may have led us astray once again.  Cause whoever owns this pad is not someone who will like us one bit,” said Rosemary wryly as she patted Grega on the back and laughed.
     “Whoever owns this pad will probably kill us all, but at least none of us will live.  There’s solace in that, oh solace,” said Grega slyly as he rubbed Babe Ruth’s belly and they walked down the hall.
     Then they came to the lounge and could see a pair of green leather eagle shaped couches facing a single locker.  There was also a trio of Ted William’s statues inside the locker.    And they showed him with black eyes and broken limbs with phrases like,” Game day again, why aren’t I a carpenter,” as well as,” Don’t hit me again. I admit it I’m actually a woman and my name is Betty,” written beneath each of them.  The lounge has black bags of money set up against the left wall that have over 150 million in small bills inside them.  There is also a copy of,” We laughed ourselves to life,” lying on the floor.
     “We laughed ourselves to life,” is a 373 page book of jokes and humorous stories by Dave Chappelle.  And has the joke,” I was seen naked buying tampons for my lady and a woman asked me, is that your usual brand.  And I said no, but my dick gets in the way you crazy bitch!”  It also had the joke,” Why are so many mailmen going on killing sprees?  Because I’m gonna fuckin’ kill everyone in this room!  Who the fuck needs 3 Sears catalogs, when socks are still 10 dollars.  Is my hair on fire or is this a rifle in my hands you crazy bitch?”
     “I knew we were dead when Grega said go this direction.  Look, we’re gonna die at the hands of a crazy Yankee fan,” said Pat sarcastically as he inspected the locker and let out a sigh.
     “Let’s just find a way out of here quick and cut our losses,” said Grega sadly as he looked around the room and then saw a door handle next to one of the couches built into the wall and then Grega said happily,” this might be a way out over here.”
     Then Grega walked over to the handle and pushed the brass handle inward and it opened into a janitor’s closet.  Then they could hear people shouting in what sounded like a crowd of angry people.  There is a pair of vacuum cleaners on one side of the closet.    A small bed and chair on the other side, as well as a door facing Grega with a picture of Marilyn Monroe on it that had the caption,” Even her remains are sexy, dig her up,” beneath the picture in cursive letters.  There is also a pair of red lens and silver rimmed sunglasses on a hook on the door.
     “Alright look things are just getting weirder and weirder.  I say if we get to safety we bag going to the game.  I’m just too worn out to take much more,” said Grega sadly as he walked up to the closet door.
     “I agree, let’s just head back to the hotel and be happy we’re alive,” said Amo calmly as she held onto Grega’s arm and everyone followed just behind.
     Then Grega opened the door and they emerged in a luxury box in the right field of New Yankee stadium that was 2 stories high.  The room has a large hot tub in the shape of Mickey Mantle facing out a tinted picture window, with built in padded seat backs.  There are holographic TV channels next to the window that show other sports.    As well as an episode of Star Wars the miniseries that has Han Solo in his youth fighting his way out of a bar. 
     There are also several large beds and couches floating above the lush burgundy and black rugs that have the phrase,” Winners can’t beat the true champion’s lust for total fairness, but they can’t figure out that until they’ve lost,” sewn onto the rug in gold thread.  There is a full bar with 7 black recliners set up around it on the left.   And a dozen silver refrigerators and a massage table set up on the right.  There is a pair of holographic jukeboxes on either side of the room with the holograms of Bob Dylan and Kurt Cobain in his trademark cardigan sweater and blue and white sunglasses.  There is also a large pool and deck out in the front of the suite.    And it has mist throwers to keep you cool as you sit on the dark brown beanbag chairs.
     “Did we just go thru a time warp vortex or something?” asked Rosemary in disbelief as she jogged up to the deck.    And she could see the Red Sox and Yankees listening to the national anthem with Wexor playing for the Yankees and Terponic playing for the Red Sox.   And they were both wearing red and blue leisure suits that were a size too small and red leather biker boots.
     “We may have, Jesus the game’s just about to start too.  Maybe we should go get our seats.  I don’t feel like getting caught in a somebody else’s booth,” said Den as he looked down at Wexor flipping the bird to the crowd.   And Den thought how disrespectful that was and then said sternly,” I see that fuckin’ Wexor is here today.  Boy I hope he catches a fastball with his ear.”
     “And a mallet with his teeth.  Fuck Wexor he needs his comeuppance.  Maybe Sandy will pitch a no hitter today,” said Grega sternly as he eyed Wexor as he kissed a few women.    Then Wexor grabbed a kid’s hot dog and started eating it as he laughed.
     “Yeah I wouldn’t put it past him to do it.  But those Doramocs rarely miss a pitch.  So maybe we get a head start on drowning those sorrows,” said Den happily then he scanned the room for beer and then said happily,” ya know maybe we should stay right here and watch the game after all.  This place has a certain ambience and alcohol.”
     “Ya fuck it, if we get caught we just say we got lost.  I mean we have the money to pay if it comes to that,” said Amo as she sat down on the beanbag chair and looked out over the field.   And a dozen blue angels soared thru the crowd using jet packs and she felt very at ease.
     “Yeah, good point we should just stay.  And if we get caught we’ll blame it on, Den.  See yes officer, he drugged us and said this was heaven,” said Grega sarcastically as he shrugged his shoulders.   And Rosemary and Amo laughed.
     “It is heaven, don’t pay attention to that white powder in your Naty lights, it’s seasoning,” said Den sarcastically as he rummaged thru the bar and found a keg filled with Bud Light.    And he grimaced and shrugged his shoulders and then grabbed a mug.    Then Den started pouring a cup and asked loudly,” is it beers all around or do we want to get postal on Jack and coke?!!”
     “Beer, anything that blurs my vision as I try not to look you in the eye and die from your laser sight and homeliness,” said Rosemary jokingly as she looked at the field.    And Rosemary could see Wexor and Terponic doing an awkward dance side by side on the pitcher’s mound.
     Down on the field Wexor and Terponic looked out over the crowd and grabbed their crotches and laughed.
     “Have you ever seen such a group of shitheads and single brain cell organisms in your life, Terponic?” asked Wexor as he rubbed his crotch and smirked at a beautiful blonde woman in the front row.   Then the woman looked away nervously and hid her face with her hand.
     “Not since I sold the microscope my late wife gave me instead of sex,” said Terponic as he kissed his biceps.    And then he spit a huge wad of spit in the eye of the opposing pitcher.    And it knocked him on his back.
     Wexor saw this and laughed uproariously and then asked sarcastically,” Was she late for divorce court or late for her own funeral?  I get confused seein’ she was such a bitch.  Hey why don’t we say 50 million for whoever gets the most homers?” asked Wexor as he flexed his chest muscles and blew a giant wad of spit deep into the stands.
     “Done, but I’m not giving you any easy pitches.  You’re gonna have to earn it,” said Terponic sternly as Wexor started for home plate.    And then Wexor turned and smiled at Terponic.
     “Fine, be an asshole, but I want strikes or I’m charging the mound,” said Wexor sternly then he ran and did a flip and landed right in the batter’s box.    And a beautiful brunette young girl handed him his black and gold wooden bat that had the words,” May destiny meet the maker of my existence and smile,” burned into the wood.
     “Strikes, what are those?” yelled Terponic as he began walking in a circle around the pitcher’s mound.
     Meanwhile Rosemary and everyone else were eating all the precooked ravioli.    And they dined on the warm glazed Alfredo loafs of bread on the deck as they waited for the game to start.
     “Fuck you, Wexor, I hope you choke on a fastball!” shouted Den just as the crowd went silent.   And Wexor clearly heard it and scanned the luxury boxes to see who’d said it.
     “I think he heard you, Den, you should head inside quick!” said Pat nervously as he pushed Den inside, but Wexor saw this and knew which box it was and smiled menacingly.
     “Jesus Christ, Den, he’s looking right at us.  Maybe we should bail?” asked Grega nervously as he eyed Wexor who was swinging his bat violently from side to side.
     “So it’s fuck me is it.  How ‘bout some chin music my new friends,” said Wexor snidely as he glared at Grega and then looked at Terponic.
     Then Terponic threw an outside fastball and Wexor swung hard and pulled it foul right at where Pat was sitting.   And the ball lodged right beside his head in the chair as Pat jumped out of the chair.
     “Fucker, he’s trying to kill me and I didn’t even say it!” said Pat frantically as he looked wide eyed at everyone.
     “Shit, Pat, you’re really screwed,” said Den slyly as he calmly sipped his beer.
     “What, you jerkwad, he could’ve killed me.  I outta use you as a shield for god’s sake,” said Pat anxiously as he looked at Den who was smirking.    And Pat felt like knocking his block off, but then Rosemary put her arm around him and it calmed him down.
     Then another pitch was thrown to Wexor and again he pulled it.    And this one hit Den right in the stomach.  This caused beer to shoot out of his mouth as he keeled over and let out a sigh.
     “You alright, Den?” asked Rosemary warmly as she rubbed Den’s back and he let out a shriek of agony.
     “No I am not, I hurt bad,” said Den as he limped over to a chair and sat down.    And as he did another pitch was thrown to Wexor and this time he hit a homer to straightaway center field.
     Then the crowd cheered and Wexor slowly danced towards first base blowing kisses as he did.  Then Wexor did a 360 degree spin and landed on first base.  Then Wexor punched the first baseman and it knocked him out cold.
     “Wexor’s losin’ it, I say we get the hell out of here and I mean now,” said Grega sternly as he eyed Wexor who was striping naked.    And then Wexor started doing forward rolls to second base as the crowd booed him.
     “You don’t have to tell me twice, what’d you say?” asked Den jokingly as he took a deep breath and made his way back into the suite.
     Everyone hurried back inside and headed for the doors except for Grega who ran over to the bar and grabbed a six pack of Bud light.  He smiled at everyone who looked at him quizzically and laughed.
     “You couldn’t wait ‘til we got to the bar?  My lord what a hooligan,” said Amo wryly as she shook her head.    And Grega ran over to her and kissed her on the cheek.
     Then as they walked up to the red exit doors that led to the stadium, they burst open and then in walked a pair of security guards named Paul Bedins and Scottie Droum.
     Paul Bedins is 6’6” and weighed 387 pounds and is Indian.  He has a huge wide nose and dark green eyes, as well as short blonde moussed hair.  He also has a tattoo of Lefram Lincoln with the phrase,” Was everything enough?   ‘Cause I’m running out of shovels,” across his wrist on his right hand.  He has on a white and green paisley suit that has the word security across the front, as does Scottie Droum.
     Scottie Droum is 6’3” and weighs 343 pounds with a massive barrel chest and huge forearms.  He is Caucasian of Dutch decent.    And he has thick dirty blonde long hair that is tied into a triangular ponytail.    And it has a pulsing blue and orange light in the center with a hologram of an American eagle floating just outside of it.
     Lefram Lincoln is widely regarded as the president we should’ve had, but was shot to death by Terponic at a luncheon.   It happened after a remark Lefram made calling Doramoc rule,” Worse than slavery and a step from death,” that was overheard by Terponic at a restaurant in Boston.
     “Having a nice time are we?” asked Paul sternly as he glared at Pat and Pat froze in place.
     “We got lost, we apologize if we caused any inconvenience,” said Grega coyly as he put the six pack behind his back and smirked slightly.    And Grega wondered if they’d end up in jail.
     “Lost, when I get lost I rarely get drunk on someone else’s alcohol.  My kids these days,” said Scottie sharply as he glared at Den whose eyes darted away from Scottie’s.
     “Alright look, are we in trouble or aren’t we?  I’m tired of this pussyfooting around,” asked Amo anxiously as she folded her arms and smirked at Paul.
     “Alright look you little bitches, this is Wexor’s luxury box and you’re in deep shit.  He wants to speak to all of you after the inning.  He especially wants to know which one of you shouted at him,” said Paul sternly as he eyed Pat.    And Pat was visibly nervous and looked away.
     “We had no idea this was his box and we didn’t shout at him,” said Den calmly then he sipped his beer and scratched his neck.    And Paul and Scottie continued scowling at him.
     “Get your shit we’re going,” said Paul sharply as he grabbed the beer out of Rosemary’s hand.   Then he flung it up against the wall as she looked on wide eyed.
     “That was not necessary, we’ll go with you,” said Rosemary softly as she tried not to lose her cool and nodded softly.
     “I wasn’t asking!” said Paul fiercely as he grabbed hold of Rosemary and pushed her towards the doors.
     “It’s alright, man, it’s alright,” said Grega reassuringly as they all walked out of the room and out to the elevators.
     As they made their way down Wexor was beating up the opposing coach.   Wexor deemed his smirk at Wexor’s antics an insult.  He kicked the coach named Ben right in the chest.    And the blow sent him hard into the left field stands.    Where he landed on a young man’s lap and crushed his nachos onto his face.    Then Wexor climbed up in the stands and grabbed Ben and asked fiercely,” Are we thru with the hijinx yet?  Do you need a fresh slap of disrespect?”
     “No, no I’m sorry I lost my head, Wexor, it won’t happen again,” said Ben apologetically as he winced in agony and Wexor glared at him.
     “You mean emperor!” shouted Wexor then he punched Ben hard in the mouth.    Sending a spray of his blood onto an old red haired man’s white t-shirt that has Robert Plant’s face on it and the words,” Just a dream I woke up to,” written beneath his face in orange letters.    And then Wexor shouted,” aren’t we having a nice time as friends?!”
     Then Wexor slapped Ben so hard 10 of his teeth shot out of his mouth.    And then they flew into a young boy’s caramel popcorn box.
     “I’m sorry, Wexor, I mean emperor...,” said Ben nervously before being cut off.
     “We still are having some trouble with my Gabra given moniker eh?” asked Wexor snidely then he grabbed onto Ben’s hair and began lifting him up off the red haired man.    And Ben clutched Wexor’s hand and then Wexor said snidely,” I see you’re using too much conditioner.  Don’t worry I can remedy the situation.”
     Then Wexor ripped out a chunk of Ben’s hair and began laughing hysterically.   Ben cringed and tried not to scream.
     “Fuck you, you pompous windbag!  I hate your fucking guts!” shouted Ben then he punched Wexor 3 times hard in the balls.
     Wexor fell back and he clutched his balls and let out a shout.  And Ben scampered to his feet.  Ben turned to run, but a Doramoc security guard was waiting for him named Yawho.  
     Yawho has a trio of Mohawks, as well as a thin upturned nose with the words,” Actors aren’t believable as realists,” written on the left side.   His eyes are fierce and he is 17 feet tall and weighs 982 pounds with a small chest and enormous bulging biceps.  He has on a black leather jacket and pants, as well as an off white dress shirt.    That has the first phrase ever heard by a Doramoc from god that went as follows,” Don’t be afraid of your failings, only our imperfections make us perfect.  Otherwise we wouldn’t exist only resist, the better part of my intended humanity.  Then you become perpetually complacent and nothing of true consequence would ever come to pass,” written all over the shirt.
     “Were you off to the gym?” asked Yawho coyly as he glared at Ben whose eyes darted to the left and the right.    And Ben tried to figure out where to run too.
     “You’d better let me go or I’ll make sure you burn in hell!” said Ben fiercely as he glared at Yawho and worried he was about to be killed.
     Then Yawho laughed and asked sarcastically,” What are you gonna stare me to death?”
     “Ahhh you’ve had it!” shouted Ben then he leapt at Yawho and began punching him repeatedly.    And Yawho laughed uncontrollably.
     Then Yawho grabbed hold of Ben and turned him to face Wexor who was smirking at him.
     “Boy you are a pain in my balls.   I think I’d like to reward your kindness towards me.  How ‘bout a punching contest?  You hit me as hard as you can, then I’ll hit you?” asked Wexor coyly as he hoped Ben would hit him.    And he leaned in and offered Ben his chin.
     “Alright, you asked for it!” shouted Ben then he hauled back and decked Wexor in the chin.    And Wexor instinctively went with the punch and was barely hurt.   Wexor grabbed his chin and acted like he was in terrible pain.
     “Boy, you really knocked my block off.  Jesus, I feel a bit woozy.  Well now I think I should try my punch on you.  And in all fairness I’ve been working out,” said Wexor coyly as he shook his head from side to side.   He did this just as Rosemary and everyone else were walking up to where Wexor was.
     Then Ben put his chin up and said sternly,” Go ahead you prick, let me have it!”
     “Alright, but now I’m steamed,” said Wexor coyly then he hauled back and punched clean thru Ben’s chest and out his back.    This sent his heart into an old red haired man’s face behind him, as well as a pint of blood.
     The old man wiped his face off and said sadly,” I always get bloody at a ballgame.  And I never get my nachos, fucker.”
     Then Wexor pulled his fist out of Ben slowly, but he got stuck in the middle.  Then he had to jerk his arm violently, but it wouldn’t come out.    Wexor motioned to Yawho and asked,” Can you help me here I’m stuck?”
     “Yeah, of course, Emperor,” said Yawho as he hurried down the stairs and Amo and Pat grimaced at what they were seeing.    And Grega, Den, and Rosemary couldn’t bear to look.
     “Oh Jesus that’s fucking disgusting.  And the smell’s making me really sick,” said Amo as she put her hand over her mouth and then held her nostrils shut.
     “I’m not big on arms stuck in a person’s chest cavity, but I would help if I were.  Do you think we’re the only ones that noticed?” asked Den sarcastically as he continued to drink his beer.   And Yawho was yanking on Wexor’s arm trying to get it free, as the people in the crowd looked on in horror.
     “Oh Jesus, Den, I didn’t need to see this.  It’s scaring my memory,” said Rosemary nervously as Yawho put his legs on Ben’s chest and continued to try and free Wexor.
     Then suddenly Wexor’s arm was free sending Yawho tumbling onto a family of 4 two rows down.   And Wexor waved to the crowd and smiled.   Then Wexor saw Grega and everyone and nodded to them.    And he started walking up the steps towards them.  Wexor grabbed hold of a black haired man in a white cashmere sweater and wiped the blood off his hands and arm.  Then he smiled at Rosemary and asked, sharply,” Are you the bitch that shouted fuck you Wexor?”
     “No, I swear it wasn’t any of us,” said Rosemary calmly as she hid how scared she was.    And Wexor glared at her as he hoped she’d crack.
     “Oh really, then can you tell me if any of you were hit by a foul ball?” asked Wexor sternly as he eyed Rosemary and then Pat who looked him dead in the eye.
     “I was, hit me right in the stomach and nearly killed me.  I’ve got the mark right here,” said Den wryly as he pulled up his shirt and showed he had a large round bruise and a welt in the center of his stomach.
     Wexor inspected the wound as he squinted.    And then he poked it with his finger and Den laughed.
     “Hmm, well then someone else needs to be found out.  I apologize for the foul ball, but at the very least you were in my luxury box uninvited.   And that is a question that needs answering.  The time for truth is now,” said Wexor sternly implying a question as he wiped the sweat from his brow.    And in turn he left a streak of blood as everyone tried not to stare at it.
     “We were in a gunfight cross town and escaped into an underground river.  Then we went thru a doorway and came out in a janitor’s closet.  That then led us to your suite and that’s the god’s honest truth,” said Rosemary anxiously as she worried he might kill her if she showed fear.   Rosemary relied on an acting technique her uncle Billy told her about.    Where you focused on a bad moment from your past, and in this case she thought about when a neighbor slapped her for cursing and it split her lip.
     “I see, yes you used my early exit passageway.   I use that to beat the traffic.  Well then at the very least you should be my guest here at the after party.  That way I can thrash some ale with, what was your name?” asked Wexor as he pointed at Den who smiled sheepishly.
     “Den Sidion.”
     “Den Sidion, nice to meet you and inspect your wound,” said Wexor happily then he laughed loudly as did everyone else and then Wexor said warmly,” well then, Den, why don’t you and your friends grab a seat behind home plate.   Then I’ll be thrashing ale with the illustrious Den Sidion after the game.  Take care of them, Yawho, I must get back to history,” said Wexor happily then he grinned and hurdled the 10 rows and landed on the opposing team’s dugout.
     Then Wexor started doing an awkward dance with his ass-cheeks exposed and a face like an ape.  Everyone laughed at this and then Yawho showed them to their seats directly behind home plate.
     The Seats are actual brown leather recliners and have built in holographic TV’s for highlights, as well as you can watch 1,500 different channels.   There is a masseuse for every chair.    And there is even an alt rock singer songwriter that will play hits from before the art form died like the song,” Evenflow,” by the socially irrelevant band Pearl Jam.  There are waiters that will bring you 12 course gourmet meals at the touch of a button in the armrest.  There are even video games you can play that only you could see thru a pair of red glasses.
     Everyone sat down in a cluster of 5 recliners.    And Pat looked at Grega and was about to say how lucky they were that Wexor hadn’t caught them, when Grega realized this and grabbed his forearm and said firmly,” Ya know I bet this whole place is wired for sound.  If it were me I’d listen in on people’s conversations all the time.  Wouldn’t that be fun, Pat?” asked Grega coyly as he eyed Pat who then let out a sigh.
     “Ah, yeah they must do that and it would be hilarious,” said Pat nervously and coyly as he gave Grega a nod.    And then Pat turned his eyes to the game where Terponic was mowing down a batter with his 208 MPH fastball.
     Then Terponic got down on his knees and eyed the next batter who was Frank DiMaggio, a direct descendant of Joe DiMaggio.   Frank took a hard practice swing then stepped in the batter’s box and spit on home plate.
     “Hey you jackass, I don’t want to see that again or you’ll have this bat as a permanent appendage!” shouted Terponic as he glared at Frank who shrugged his shoulders.
     “Just play ball already,” said Frank sternly as he grimaced and stepped out of the batter’s box.
     “Boy that Frank DiMaggio is hilarious.  Look how he stands up to that Doramoc,” said Rosemary happily as she sipped a strawberry smoothie as she felt her neck.
     “Frank don’t take shit off nobody, but I still hate him ‘cause he’s a Yankee.  I hope he fucking chokes!” said Grega sternly in a loud voice.    And Frank turned to see who said it and Grega pretended nothing was up.
     Then Frank took his stance again as Terponic was still down on 2 knees.   Then Terponic did a massive windup where his back grazed the mound.    And he threw a 47 MPH change up that Frank missed by a mile.
     “What the fuck was that?!” asked Frank loudly as he hit home plate with his bat.    And Terponic laughed hysterically as he grabbed a steak sandwich and then took a bite.
     “That was heaven, this Doramoc is a genius ah-yep,” said Rosemary happily as everyone laughed.
     Then Terponic opened a keg of Bud Light and began drinking it like it was a can.   He took a long haul off it and then tossed it up in the air and laughed heartily.   Then the keg spiraled away as beer shot out of it.       
     “Did you see that, this guy’s amazing.  Hey, Pat, run out there and give him a kiss for me and make it wet,” said Grega sarcastically as he winked at Pat who looked away nervously and laughed.
     “I’m savin’ all my kisses for, Rosemary.  I’m just waiting ‘til she has on less clothes and more perfume,” said Pat jokingly as Rosemary grinned at him.
     Then Terponic did a full split and began throwing the baseball over and over again behind his back.  Frank saw this and was boiling over with anger.
     “Are we playin’ a game today or what?” asked Frank angrily and then he hit home plate hard with his bat and took his stance.
     Then Terponic fell backward and shouted,” The spirit of everything is anything!”
     Then Terponic lunged forward and threw a 133 MPH curveball at Frank.   Frank saw it and ducked.   But just as he did it took a left hand turn and dropped down from Frank’s head to exactly his knees for a strike.  Frank looked around perplexed as the crowd cheered Terponic.
     “There are sick curveballs, but that was the plague of all plagues.  I thought that was gonna hit Frank in the back,” said Den in amazement as a female red haired masseuse rubbed his neck and shoulders.    And then he tapped her hands and she began rubbing his lower back.
     “So did Frank, boy he looks like a jackass now!” said Pat loudly as Frank’s head jerked around when he heard it.    And he saw Pat smiling and raced towards the fence.
     “You want your fucking head cracked open, huh, you prick!” shouted Frank angrily as he was held back by the umpire and a teammate.    And Terponic laughed loudly and mimicked Frank.
     “Hey play ball you pompous jackass!  What you can’t take a little ribbing!  Join a health spa!” shouted Pat happily and jokingly as he grabbed his balls and grinned.    The crowd didn’t know what to make of it.
     Frank glared at Pat then pointed to him and said fiercely,” After the game you’re dead!  Meet me in the parking lot behind the dumpsters!”
     “Oh you mean the spot where you take dates and jerk off before the game!  Yeah I’ll be there dressed as your skank wife in a red tube sock!” yelled back Pat jokingly as Frank tried to shake off his coach and the crowd laughed.
     Terponic meanwhile was eating apple crisp pie as he laughed at Frank.   Then Frank turned to his coach and said softly,” Find out who that prick is and have him led to where I am after the game.”
     Then the coach nodded and looked over at Pat who was laughing.
     “Hey, Pat, that coach just scowled at you.  I think they might try something after the game,” said Amo sarcastically as she sipped a glass of red wine by the Batgoles label.
     Batgoles Noan was the 7th man to walk on Mars after we started building our own colony there at the behest of the Doramocs 80 years ago.   He was the most noteworthy as his skin began changing shades from tan to dark green almost immediately.   Then his height went from 5’8” to 7’5”.   And he grew a huge head upon his decision to drink more of the Mars filtered water.   He even abandoned his job on the planet as a steel worker.    And he upgraded to an architect for the colony after only studying for a few weeks.   Then he started designing a massive below ground series of rivers and lush gardens with fake sunlight that went on for over 2,000 miles.  And he came up with a way to use a mineral in the Martian soil that tasted the same as grape juice to make wine.  He served the concoction to the workers at Raintu, which was the name of the colony the workers came up with.   And the workers got so blitzed they thought it was some expensive brand.  This led to Batgoles selling it to the Doramocs and shortly thereafter to the people back on Earth.
     “Well they can try out my friends lefty and righty as I knock them out cold,” said Pat sternly as he flicked off Frank.
     Then Terponic did a full forward flip and threw a 209 MPH fastball that Frank pulled right down the leftfield line.    And the ball hit the wall hard getting lodged in between a picture of Ronald Gimos and a massive hot dog with the words,” We’ve only just finished everything.  Now let’s forget and laugh at ancient dust,” written beneath it.
     Ronald Gimos was the originator of really high level sayings that always had several meanings that could only all be gotten by someone like himself.  His book,” Tales of a reformed Basset hound,” included the saying,” Doesn’t it feel like reigning kings can’t get a decent haircut in front of their stodgy queens.”    As well as the saying,” I might have stolen your heart, but there’s only circumstantial evidence.  So you can only prove like, and that isn’t illegal in jail cells.”  There is also the saying,” I may be hung out to dry, but at least I’ve got a legs up.”  Ronald was caught in a neighbor’s bedroom having sex with 3 women, a goat, and 6 Canadian geese at 3 in the afternoon.   He was wearing a full body black sweater with the appropriate hole cut out.   The incident led to many of his books being banned to which he famously remarked,” I am not without the flaw of being perfect.  So I’ll take my sentence of infamy in the court of public opinion and laugh at raisins being born.  At least they have a sense of humor as they make us forget our trouble with remembering.”
     “Get the fucking ball you idiots!” shouted Terponic as leftfielder Ed Babalcik tried in vain to pull the ball out of the wall.   And Frank raced around second base with a wide smile on his face.
     “Did you see that?  He pulled that unbelievably fast fastball.  There isn’t another player in the world who could do that!” said Grega excitedly as he stood up and clapped while the crowd cheered.
     Then Frank neared 3rd base as he pumped his fist.    And he could see the ball was still lodged in the wall.  He stopped at 3rd base and turned and watched Ed try to peal the ball out of its hole with a wry smile on his face.    And even as the 3rd base coach waved him home.  Frank continued to stand there laughing to himself as Terponic fumed.   Then Ed gave it a hard yank, but it didn’t move and Frank looked at Terponic and said snidely,” Boy you really can pitch.  I had no chance with that one.”
     “Oh I’d be careful, human, you could end up 30 rows up in the stands very easily,” said Terponic fiercely as he stared down Frank who began to fidget.
     Just them Ed pulled the ball out of its crevice and the crowd cheered.  This caused Frank to sprint for home plate.  The ball hit the cutoff man and was hurled towards home plate, as Frank only had a trio of steps to get there.  Frank could see the catcher move to block the plate.    And Frank did a handspring and vaulted up over him and the tag.    He landed on the very backside of the plate then fell face first onto the grass.  Frank looked up at the umpire and he said,” Safe,” and the crowd cheered.
     “Yeah, that’s the stuff I needed!” yelled Frank as his teammates congratulated him.
     Then Terponic started punching thru Frank’s teammates on his way to Frank, but Frank saw this and ran for the dugout at full speed.   Terponic reeled back and kicked the first base coach Randy Sold 40 feet in the air.    And Randy landed on the mascot just as he was eating a hot dog covered in relish, ketchup, and mustard.   The 2 of them fell forward and Randy’s face landed on a large breasted beautiful young black haired woman.    And she held his head there for a second as she licked it.
     “Boy those fellas are having a kicking good time wouldn’t ya say?” asked Pat jokingly as he grinned.   And then Rosemary groaned and put her hand in front of Pat’s face.
     “Boy your pun nearly did me in.  I now feel I could marry a mannequin and get better jokes than that.  Although, I don’t think I’ll get the same level of constant flatulence.  So I’ll have to push you off the nearest available cliff, Pat, because I’m fallin’ for ya!   But I have to make sure you’ll fall for me figuratively and literally,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she scrunched up her face.    And Rosemary watched Terponic using a massive water balloon like a weapon as he spun around in circles and bashed people in the face with it.
     Then Terponic did a quick spin and flung it into the crowd 10 rows up.   And it burst soaking them in piss and feathers from a seagull’s butt.   The crowd started shouting at him and throwing their drinks and food.    But Terponic ran into his own dugout as he laughed hysterically.
     “That was so fucking devious.  Do you smell that urine?  Oh what a bastard thing to do,” said Grega in disbelief as the smell of urine filled the air.
     “Maybe we shouldn’t say things like that, Grega.  We are in Wexor’s box,” said Amo softly as she gave Grega a concerned look.    And Grega smiled quickly.
     “You’re right, yeah fuck those idiot fans they had it comin’.  He should’ve doused ‘em with horse manure,” said Grega slyly and jokingly as he grinned from ear to ear and Den laughed.
     “Then a pint of Naty to level out the buzz.  We’ve all been there, Amo more than the rest of us,” said Den sarcastically as his alt rock singer songwriter Hev Gobot sang the Soundgarden song,” Spoonman.”
     Hev Gobot has shaved to look like he is balding dark blue hair and a thick dark orange goatee.    The goatee has tiny silver and red birds attached to it.  He has sapphire eyes that look visibly stoned.    And a red seagull tattoo on his neck with the words,” I’d fly away, but going is where I am,” written around the seagull.  He is 5’4” and 213 pounds with a giant beer and pot gut, as well as small feet and hands with stubby fingers.   He has on a dark brown corduroy jacket with cigarette stains on the front.   And a pink and black t-shirt with a man taking a dump in a coffin and the words,” Dying isn’t the relief I’d hoped for, but this is close,” written in a pyramid beneath it.  He also has on puma running shoes that are raggedy and have holes in them with a tiny dragon on the toe.
     “Den, I have a feeling you’ve been there more than most.  How’s that manure taste?  Is it as chewy as it looks?” asked Amo sarcastically then she grinned.    And everyone laughed while Den shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.
     “It’s a bit like a half eaten meatloaf doused in kerosene with a hint of twice soiled panties.   So all and all it’s very delectable, but only with a Brut deodorant glazed Shepherd’s pie,” said Den sarcastically as they all laughed.    And Den motioned with his hands to the waitress for another Natural Light.
     “So the same as what we had for breakfast.  I’d worried it wasn’t as tasty,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she watched Terponic coming up to bat to start the bottom half of the inning.   And he had a silver painted bat that reads,” Losers are the last place on Earth for a lonely moment of glory to reside.  And I only live in areas of lush green fields of victory,” written around the length of the bat.
     Frank DiMaggio and Wexor stand on second base as Wexor prepares to pitch.
     “Look, Emperor, I need to know you’re not gonna pitch a softball to, Terponic.  I only ask ‘cause he’ll line drive that sucker right at my noggin,” said Frank nervously as he looked at Terponic taking angry aggressive swings outside of the batter’s box.
     “Well shit, Frank, I’ve got a rep to uphold.  I’m not gonna give Terponic any easy pitches.  Matter of fact, I plan on throwing away from the plate.  I don’t want that prick to even make as much contact as a book nerd at a strip club with a stripper’s eyes,” said Wexor coyly as he secretly knew he was going to throw Terponic a strike right down the middle.    And Wexor looked at Frank who nodded quickly, and wondered how he could be such a trusting jerk-off.         
     “I appreciate that, Emperor, or my ass would have been grass.  Alright, let’s toast that sucker with some heat whoweee!” said Frank enthusiastically as he jogged over to his spot at shortstop and smiled.     Wexor tried not to laugh and took one large step and was at the pitcher’s mound.
     “Oh that kid is so gullible it defies all the volumes of accumulated knowledge in the Senapo library.  Here comes respect my lovely,” said Wexor sternly as he barely whispered.    And then Wexor looked at Terponic who was grinning, as they both knew full well what was about to happen.
     The Senapo library is a vast 60,000 mile long library on a planet in a neighboring solar system to Forpush, called Elaxia Court.   Elaxia Court itself is 180,000 miles around.    With half of it being lush blue land mass and the rest is a nutrient rich orange water.  There are only 6,000 inhabitants called Homelas that all live inside the enormous library.   The library itself is in the shape of a rectangle.    And it has 7,000 pyramids shooting out each of its black and gold spotted sides.  When the Doramocs found the library they realized instantly that there was book after book of technological and philosophical knowledge.   And most of it they had never been seen before.  It included the paragraph,” A godless man never lives a day past his lost faith.  Instead toils in self pity for himself and a hatred for god.  He passes on every opportunity to know god with the never ending self righteous excuse of, it just isn’t possible for god to breathe if planets stalk the heavens.”  There are also books on how to pinpoint exact locations in the fabric of space and time.    As well as how to walk thru an intermediary dimension and emerge there.  You do this by shattering a moving atom again and again until it rockets thru the walls of your dimension in a controlled space.   Then once you have fractured the 4th dimension you then can thrust yourself thru the hole created.  Once inside there are a series of 8 trillion markers set up that look like floating balls of light.    And they indicate planets and moons that have been visited.
     Then Wexor did a jumping 360 degree spin and threw a 185 MPH changeup that went right down the middle.  Terponic saw it coming and took a mighty lash hitting it right at Frank at incredible speed.  Frank’s instincts made him drop instantly, but the ball went right thru his hat.    It sliced the top of his head and went out the back of the hat towards the centerfield wall.   When it got to the wall Tim Adding went to catch it and the ball went right thru his glove.    And it went thru the pointer finger on his hnad severing it at the middle knuckle.   Frank had blood coming down his forehead as Terponic raced towards second.   The ball he’d hit just cleared the outfield wall and was a home run.
     “How’s life treatin’ ya, sir?” asked Jack Ohapud as he grinned and extended his hand to Pat.
     Jack Ohapud is the Yankee’s swing coach.  His hair is sandy blonde and cut very short with a little cowlick in the front.   He also has a dark red triangular goatee with a red dragon tied into it.   His eyes are emerald green and would draw you in.  He is 5’9” and 209 pounds with a massive boulder gut and powerful forearms, as well as large almost square hands.  He has on a black silk jacket that has the Yankees emblem on the back and the words,” Try pulling my curve when it’s thru the vortex of home plate, never happen,” written beneath the emblem in red thread.  He also has on dark blue jeans and red Puma sneakers that read across the sides,” Only great, only always.”
     “Great, ah do I know you?” asked Pat nervously as he shook Jack’s hand and squinted.
     “I work for the stadium and I was sent over to let you know we appreciate your business and what was your name?” asked Jack coyly as Pat looked up at him and grimaced.
     “It’s Pat, but my brother called me future homeless,” said Pat jokingly then everyone smiled as Jack laughed and secretly thought about what Frank had asked him to do.
     “That’s hilarious, ya know you’re just what I thought you’d be.  Isn’t that funny?    Well I’ve got a pair of cardboard boxes if you need a place to sleep for the night, they’re roomy?!” said Jack jokingly as he laughed and patted Pat on the shoulder.    And everyone laughed except Grega who thought something was up.
     “Hey what do you do for the stadium exactly?” asked Grega brightly and coyly as he smiled at Jack who paused awkwardly when Grega asked.
     “Oh I’m the manager of the luxury seats and after parties.  Which reminds me would you be interested in attending a massive beer drenched party in the Yankees personal bar, Mick’s on Carmichael street?” asked Jack warmly as he grinned and wondered if Grega was onto him, but Jack just couldn’t tell so he kept smiling.
     Then Pat looked at everyone as they nodded yes and then Pat said happily,” Yeah we’d love it, Jack, we’ll meet ya there.”
     “Great, great news, oh you’ll love it to.  There’s gonna be tons of booze and Yankee catering.  Hell you’ll get to meet all the players and their wives.  Alright then I’ll have to be heading back, enjoy the game,” said Jack warmly then he gave everyone a nod and a smile and started up the stairs.    And he thought he’d fooled Pat and was very happy.
     “Pat, the guy’s a fucking liar,” said Grega coldly as he shook his head and grimaced at Pat.    And Pat looked back at him in shock with his mouth open.
     “What are you talkin’ about?  He just wants to deal out some perks,” said Pat in disbelief as he frowned and waved his hand in disgust as Grega smiled back.
     “Pat, manager of the luxury seats?   Don’t be a sucker, that prick was sent up here by DiMaggio.  Think about it, he wants us to go to some random bar to party with the team.  They’re not gonna rent out a bar when they’ve got a stadium,” said Grega firmly as he shook his head and Pat started to understand he was right.
     “Yeah, Pat, I’ll tell ya what happens if you go anywhere near that bar, 6 or 7 of them are gonna jump ya and do damage, serious damage,” said Den sharply as he shook his beer to see how much was left.
     “Plus, Pat, we already have a party to go too held by Wexor.  Who quite frankly is a Yankee and we’ll know soon enough if it’s true.     Because Wexor’s party won’t be in Mick’s bar on Carmichael street.  Which quite frankly sounded like a made up place,” said Rosemary sternly then she did a goofy face.    And Rosemary cheered as Tim Adding was being carried off the field on a blue anti-gravity stretcher.     And the stretcher has a glowing red undercarriage and is being piloted by Rusty Jokeum, as he sits on the front.
     Rusty Jokeum is only 1’5” inches tall and has a thick head of seal black hair and dark purple warm eyes.  He also has a thick curly beard and block jaw that makes him handsome.  Rusty has on a red silk suit and white Armani dress shoes, with a dangling tiny Doramoc mini bible called a Fernga.
     The Fernga contains over 350,000 phrases and brief stories believed to be written by Gabra thru a series of prophets.  It includes the passage,” Why so g6lum, was it your mind that drank that rum or something more fierce.  Possibly those fears from youth manifesting themselves as current worries and aches.  Only a man who hates his failings, fails himself innumerable times in an effort to never know who he was at all.  Then it’s bottle after bottle of why was it him and who could I have been.”  It also has a joke titled,” Too much good, when bad was everywhere.” And it goes as such,” I guessed a time or two about far too much of not enough.   I liked such a thing as it made perfect sense.  Now I find I’m searching for the sense in an old man saving his earwax.  When I know he’s got plans to make candles and scream quotes like,” Where’s my broken leg when I need it!” as well as,” Who steals a sleeping man’s sweaty underpants and replaces them with pink panties as he sleeps.”  There is also a list of god’s quotes that include the one,” I never knew nothing that wasn’t pure inspiration.  Which is why I have a particular joy I feel when a person enjoys, the sensation to them, but an all day occurrence to me.”    As well as the thought,” While every child is pure until hate or villainy corrupts them.    I still forget quite intentionally that they’ll all know a pristine day at least once and that thrills me endlessly and without pause.”
     Then the game went on for 9 innings with Wexor getting 15 home runs and Terponic only 13.    Then they went to the showers after the Yankees won by 1 run on a sacrifice fly by Frank DiMaggio.  Amo and everyone were led to a massive event hall in the main portion of Yankee stadium that sits15 stories beneath street.
     It has a dozen lounges set up on saucers floating up above the floor.    Each of which is olive in color and has 50 chairs of dark brown leather on them, as well as 3 tan leather circular couches with beanbag green and turquoise centers.  There are large puzzle piece shaped tables built in the middle of the saucers that are white in color and have chefs and food stores there.  Each of the chefs perpetually keeps making entrees and meals until every person is satisfied.  Then the leftovers are given to a nearby brothel and food kitchen.  There are floating spiral staircases leading up to each of the saucers that are shiny and are black and gold swirling design in color.  There is one saucer that is used for the entertainment for the night.    And they have a rock band, a play, and a dozen beautiful female exotic dancers on it that are sent to each table on a holographic projector.  Along the walls are holographic fire and brimstone like images of Wexor running a race in and thru several buildings.    And wooded areas where he bashes in people’s heads as he passes them.    And Wexor runs at an almost jet engine like speed.  The area beneath the saucers have a labyrinth of passageways and rooms filled with new and old Yankee memorabilia.    And they include secret items like Babe Ruth’s left eye and Derek Jeter’s head in a glass and silver case.
     Everyone walked up to Wexor’s saucer and grabbed a seat.    With Den on Wexor’s right and a pair of beautiful twin blonde haired women wearing only black halter tops and skin tight white silk pants that accentuated their full figures on his left.
     “So here it is, Den, my lair of fornication and athletic achievement.  How do you like it?” asked Wexor loudly as he slapped Den on the back.    While Rosemary, Grega, Pat, and Amo looked on and smiled from ear to ear as they sat next to Den.
     “If I loved it more I’d be in heaven or northern Maine, which is to say I like it,” said Den jokingly and nervously as he grinned mischievously at Wexor.    And Wexor laughed and slapped Den again hard on the back causing Den to lurch forward and spill his beer.    While Rosemary nodded and laughed at how nervous Den was considering he was stuck.
     “Oh, Den, I feel you have a rapier wit, which is to say I’m too drunk to tell the difference.  So if you want your jokes to work keep the suds a flowin’,” said Wexor jokingly then Den laughed and his hand darted for a beer from a dozen that were in an ice cold tin in the center.    And then Den hurried the beer over to Wexor’s mouth as he grinned.
     Then Wexor took the Natural Light from Den and bit the top of it off and drank it in one quick drink.
     “I’ll keep you near alcohol poisoning all night.  And that’s a promise, Emperor,” said Den jokingly as he grabbed 2 more beers and placed them in Wexor’s huge hands, as he grinned at Den.
     “Why haven’t we thrashed ale before now, Den?  I can see you are a man of talent and action, unlike many of my idiot relatives,” asked Wexor warmly.    Then he bit the tops off the other 2 beers and downed them in one quick motion.
     “Well, my friends and I were busy tryin’ to find the meaning of life in a Naty Light can.    So our efforts were being pushed appropriately in that novel pursuit,” said Den slyly as Wexor burst out laughing and then stopped suddenly.
     “Oh it’s in there, Den, it’s in there deep.  Below the years of childhood trauma and next to your families ridicule, but in there nonetheless.  I myself have been searching for the same thing and in a similar fashion.    Only to find it singing to me thru the haze of a morning buzz.  The good times can roll, but I’m racing thru a million moments of greatness.  Ands I won’t regret those days when I thought I had it all figured out, cause I almost did,” said Wexor slyly then he bellowed with laughter and everyone else joined in.
     “That was amazing, did you write that, Emperor?” asked Rosemary warmly as she ate a chocolate and marshmallow tuba shaped candybar and looked at Wexor.
     “No, that’s from Fernga, it’s our religious text.  By far our most popular and there’s another passage…what is it…yes a lovely woman of years caressed my soul for a couple of beers.  Thou we never spoke again on any evening of note.    I thought of her just now and knew that she’d know, she was all of my everything at least that’s what she’ll recall,” said Wexor proudly as everyone clapped.     And then several waitresses walked up and began putting silver and red diamond studded trays of food on the table. And they included a Doramoc dish called Sprekil.
     Sprekil is a type of beef, cheese, and seasoning that is cooked 50 feet in the ground in a vat of alfredo sauce and pure Pomata, which is a thick Doramoc beer.   Then when it has cooked for 600 days, it is brought up to the surface and poured into loafs of buttered bread thru a hole at the end.   Then the bread is fried in a creamy cheese sauce and then served hot on chopped up pasta.
     “Emperor, I have to query, is it as fun being the head cheese and I don’t mean lunch, as it looks or do you find you’re always stressed?” asked Grega as she filled his plate with Sprekil and looked over at Wexor who was doing the same.
     “Well, Grega, it takes a bit of doing.  Most of my kind have fallen madly in love with humankind, but there are so many humans who won’t or can’t accept us.  I really don’t know what can be done to change the situation,” said Wexor coyly as he thought how great it’d be to be rid of all the humans and then have the Earth to Doramockind.
     Meanwhile Pat and everyone else weren’t buying Wexor’s claims, but knew they had to appear they were.  They all nodded and looked concerned as the band Pornubin began to play a raucous rock and roll song called,” Desperation and other lost arts.”
     Pornubin is a 10 piece band out of Greenwich Village.    Who are led by a 6’8” tall white and purple short haired white woman named Weirki Beiki.  Weirki is referred to in the Village Voice as,” the reason music happens.”  She sang in a deep soulful almost manly voice and did backflips and handsprings while singing in perfect key.  She once had sex with a 2 foot tall man on stage in the middle of their song,” Worn out glue,” as she rammed the man repeatedly into her pussy with both hands on his sides and the microphone held up by her breasts.  The crowd cheered for her and one member of the crowd worked for Sub Pop records and offered her a record for single deal.    This meant the band had to record 50 singles and then Sub Pop would release one.    And then they would give them 4 percent of the royalties if it was a success, but if it failed they had to pay Sub Pop all the money they’d spent on the singles back with 35 percent interest.  Pornubin signed on the spot and never made a cent after taxes from the deal.
     “You could try to give humans more rights.  I mean all’s most people want is to not be fearful of Doramocs.  And most Doramocs can do whatever they want and they literally get away with murder,” said Amo unapologetically as she pulled her hair from her face and sipped a glass of Batgoles.   Then up walked Frank DiMaggio and Jack Ohapud with menacing looks on their faces.
     “Hey prickfucker, you wanna be a big man now!  Huh you fucking jerkwad?!” asked Frank fiercely as he grabbed Pat by the shoulder and spun him out of his chair.           
     “What’s your fucking problem?”  You’re a ballplayer, I can say whatever the fuck I want!” shouted Pat then he pushed Frank good and hard into Rosemary’s chair.
     Then Frank shot at Pat and tried to punch him in the face, but only grazed his cheek, as Pat grabbed him by the jacket.  Then they started wrestling as Grega was being held back by Jack.   But then Grega kneed Jack in the balls and grabbed his neck and smashed his face into the table breaking his nose.  Meanwhile Frank and Pat were throwing punches back and forth with Frank catching Pat in the eye.    This sent Pat into a rage and he let out a scream and clocked Frank right in the mouth.  This sent blood and Frank’s front teeth into a bowl of creamy tomato soup as Wexor laughed loudly.
     “Is it teeth soup again, Den, I’m full up?” asked Wexor sarcastically as he rubbed Den’s head and Den laughed nervously and looked at Amo who grimaced.
     “Yeah, I had 2 bowls myself.  Too crunchy for me thou,” said Den nervously as he tried to be funny, but was worried at how at ease Wexor was with him.
     Then Grega grabbed hold of Jack’s arm and flung him down the spiral staircase, as Pat repeatedly punched Frank in the back of the head and neck.
     “You seen too many strikes yet, you fuckin’ cocksucker!  Go get me a strap-on, I want to hit both of this bitches holes, while she begs for seconds!” said Pat coldly as he pummeled Frank and Wexor laughed hysterically.
     Then Amo looked at Grega with a concerned look on her face and Grega squinted at her not knowing what that meant.    And then Amo said quickly and pointed to Pat,” Pat’s gonna kill that guy, Grega, stop him!”
     “Oh Jesus,” said Grega in a concerned tone as he ran over to Pat who was still whaling away on Frank who was nearly unconscious.
     “It’s no matter, there will be no punishment if that idiot Frank dies, I assure you,” said Wexor brashly as he held Den close to him in a stiff headlock.   Den looked around and grimaced not knowing what to do with his nostrils full of Wexor’s sweaty armpits.
     “Hey, Emperor, could I get a bit of air, please?” asked Den nervously as he grimaced and then Wexor smiled as he looked down at Den.
     Then Wexor let go of him as Grega tried to stop Frank from being beaten to death by Pat.  Grega grabbed hold of Pat’s fist just before he was about to kill Frank, who couldn’t have taken another blow to the head, and Grega said sternly,” Not today, Pat, let this one swim away.”
     “Alright, but he’s a bastard and a nobody in my book,” said Pat coldly as Frank spit up blood and moaned in agony.    And Wexor stood up and clapped while everyone in the room looked on in horror.
     Then Pornubin began playing their song,” Hearts and full face fornication.”    And the room began to liven up.  Everyone partied late into the night and then went to sleep at the Guess Building suite.    

                                                                        Chapter 6

                                                            The chagrin of Daserus





     “When mean and worthless creatures inhabit the pure man’s soul.  Then it is he who becomes the monsters of death and vile and wretched destruction.  Only then can we lose our reason for being.  It is also they who capture our laughter and passions with hands of steel and spiked fingers and hurl them into the hearth to be melted together with their desperation and stupidity.  Only now can a man of wisdom and power feel such treachery.   And he feels it on the horizon and cast out his shields and knows he’ll be protected.  Thusly he is whole, but not without the wounds of lost trust and faith in friends.  Then it is he who finds a friend in loneliness, as all others let him down so many times when once was far too much.  I pray for him today and the world his naïve eyes will have to see.   As he looks thru a thick film of wisdom and experience that cover his eyes and he is able to cast away his attackers.   Even now I weep for him although I know his hardships are my hardships.   And his pain my past pain.   Let the wind carry a love filled heart with escape and new beginnings.  That is where my every other thought lies.   And this is why I ache for a person I’ve never met, but is entirely me and always will be,” said Daserus Babarian warmly as he paced back and forth thru a series of holograms of different people he’d met and places he’d been.    As he was inside a dimly lit theater in Greenwich Village just a stone’s throw from Washington Park, as a crowd of 50 people sat and watched intently.
     Daserus Babarian is 5’8” and 162 pounds of thin and quick bulging muscles.  He has dark brown and red highlighted long straight hair with 3 braids on one side of his head and 2 on the other.  He has olive and red tinted fierce eyes that never leave your memory once you’ve seen them.  His nose is thin at the top and got progressively wider as you neared his triangular tip, with a bump in the center.   He has huge jagged hands and feet.  He has on a brown leather vest over a white cotton dress shirt.   And the shirt has no buttons and only a square opening for his head, that also clearly shows his ripped chest and the passage,” We are sand in a dusty farmer’s eye as he finished his day, but at least we are something.  And that is why I thirst for another day as sand in another farmer’s eye,” written around the right bicep in tiny red and black letters.  He also has on tan corduroy and silk pants with the face of Braa Friemosa stitched onto each leg.
     Braa Friemosa is the woman who got caught in a national scandal after being the first woman to write uncomplimentary things about the Doramocs in a book of verse titled,” Trips to nowhere.”   It included a list of  obvious lies the Doramocs were using like,” If we are in error then let us know of this error and we’ll gladly correct it with no harm to you or yours,” which many people figured out led to the death of every person they were related to, as well as their friends.
     The theater is shaped like a jellyfish and will lit up like one after a performer leaves the stage.  There are 25 two person black leather couches with inmate’s ramblings from Leavenworth prison all over them and they included the passage,” I got what society gave me.  A drunk father who beat me and momma.  A crazy uncle who put cigarettes out on my wrists to lighten the mood.  And a mountain lion of a neighbor who fucked my ass raw one evening when there was no one around.  So I ended up doing hard time for the likely crime of insider trading.  That’s right and it was worth it,” as well as another that read,” I drove a semi truck for 37 years and never saw an exit sign that inspired me even a bit.  Then one night I saw one 
that did, it read wrong way go back.  And if I hadn’t already drank my 10th beer I just may have, but instead I found a way right thru the Datsun and a house behind it whora!”
     “This Daserus guy is my new hero, Pat.  I’ve never seen someone so likable and yet saying abrasive things.  What do you think, Pat, are you gonna suck his dick?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as Daserus walked up to a hologram of New Haven Connecticut after the earthquake three summers prior.    And Pat grimaced and made a hand gesture like a duck’s bill and Rosemary laughed.
     This caused several people to shush her and she glared at them and blew them kisses.
     “Only if I get to suck yours first!  I like the limp ones,” said Pat sarcastically as he pulled out a bottle of Hydrocodone pills and then opened it and threw 3 in his mouth.
     Rosemary held out her hand and Pat gave her 2 pills and she cleared her throat so he gave her 2 more.
     “Don’t do it, Pat, she’ll choke ya.  And, it’s covered in a green lather.  I kid you not,” said Den sarcastically as he leaned forward in between Pat and Rosemary from the couch behind them.    And then the crowd shushed him.
     “Everyone, everyone is their father’s expectations and mother’s worst fears just beneath their family filled skin.  They pass thru decades of their parents glossed over memories of their lives and yours every time you speak.  The man who worked the steel for 70 days to make a ring that gets lost in a sink’s drain, is never mentioned or considered.    But his lust and passion felt by us all none the same,” said Daserus sternly as he interlocked his fingers and stood in front of a hologram of an ice cream truck floating above a ravine.    And there were a spiral of red and blue lightning bolts shooting up at it repeatedly from the ravine.
     Then a dozen of light blue glowing balls the size of Volkswagen beetles floated down from the ceiling as the song,” Why question truth, it’s just a liar,” by the band,” Porous wet blankets,” began to thunder thru the speakers on the walls of the room.
     Porous wet blankets are a 2 piece consisting of Tomapu Sarga and Ed Riggings.    With Tomapu playing guitar, bass, and keyboards simultaneously as he sings Soprano.   And Ed plays the brass bucket and tin flask with a large black steel dildo.   Tomapu got into a bit of trouble recently when he injected himself with heroin while his wife Batio was giving birth to their first son Bura inside a taxicab.   Ed also got in a spell of trouble when he showed up at a circumcision with his uncircumcised penis protruding from a codpiece and a t-shirt that read,” Save the beef and save the world.  Don’t harm a young boy’s ego.”
     “This is so surreal, look at all this, Grega,” said Amo in disbelief as she watched the balls float down and then explode.   And they released thousands of fireflies and a thick aroma of lilacs and Rose pedals.
     Grega looked at everything and felt a rush of joy come over him and he smiled and then kissed Amo on the cheek.
     “Amo, this is the reason for everything good to be good.  I marvel at its beauty,” said Grega happily as Daserus began to dance in a circle and sing loudly a group of notes that soared to the back of the theater.
     “We are nothing if not the beginnings of the future’s embrace.  Try the rhythm of joy and know that happiness comes to us all by choice and when, WE WANT!” said Daserus happily as he jumped up in the air and grabbed a black electric guitar and was playing it before he hit the stage.
     Then Daserus played an unbelievable solo and a set of chords as everyone cheered and marveled at him.
     “I heard this shit before.  That’s a blatant Jimi Hendrix Kurt Cobain rip off.  Listen to the riff it’s almost Lithium exactly,” said Den sharply as he threw his hands up in disgust and leaned in on Pat who was rocking out.
     “Fuck off, Den, this guy is killin’ it.  You’re just jealous ‘cause the only instrument you play is ass-chordian and it STINKS!” said Rosemary jokingly in a loud voice then she howled with laughter and Den messed up her hair.
     “Then it’s lovey dovey with Daserus.  Who quite frankly was probably playin’ for tips and clean underwear in the street yesterday!  Look at the stones rip off he’s into now,” said Den flippantly as he grimaced and Daserus ripped into a riff similar to,” Paint it black,” by the Rolling Stones.    And Daserus ran up the wall and back-flipped thru a holographic and actual green and purple ring of fire.
     “The stones suck, this is way better!  I haven’t heard a better performance since those bums at the door to the men’s room flew into, I am the walrus.  Ohh the memories! “yelled Pat sarcastically as he gyrated back and forth.    And Rosemary laughed loudly and Den grimaced and then smiled.
     Then Daserus froze in his tracks and a skeleton encircled his body, as an orange meadow of flowers filled the stage.
     “Like it or liken it to a pure innocent child reaching for his own place in the world, the world has changed.  We’re all dead already…if we don’t rip the Doramocs hands off our dreams!  I still sing to the ones who can’t, a song from anything good and everywhere we aren’t.   About what it was like before the laughter died.  And no one believes me that it could have been so free and so amazing, but my great grandfather remembers when we could say and do everything we wanted.  Today are the days, of so many those were the days.  Let me know you feel it!” said Daserus boldly as he began to weep and shook the
microphone violently in front of his face as everyone cheered loudly.    And Den shook his head and made a motion like he was cutting his own throat.
     “I have to meet this person.  He’s somebody powerful,” said Rosemary excitedly as she smiled and clapped loudly.
     Then the lights came up and the room lit up like a giant jellyfish.    And a red haired young lady hurried up to Daserus and put a black towel over his shoulder.   Daserus kissed her on the lips and then wiped off the sweat from his brow with the towel.    And all the people started walking towards him rapidly.
     “Hi there, Daserus, that was really inspiring to experience.  My name is Rosemary, hello,” said Rosemary warmly as she offered her hand.    And Daserus had a wry smile come across his face, as he was instantly smitten with Rosemary.    And Daserus took her hand and put it on his half hard boner and Rosemary blushed and said nervously,” well our awkward meeting is really going swimmingly, whoo.”
     “You’re the best looking woman I’ve ever seen.  And that raging hard-on in your hand would love to meet your hot wet pussy and as soon as possible,” said Daserus in a sultry firm voice as Rosemary felt his large penis and let out a quick breath.    And she thought how amazing the moment was and looked him in the eye for a second.
     “Yeah, whenever the hell you want.  Fuck yeah, let’s get it on!  Do you live around here?” asked Rosemary in a sultry voice as she gripped his penis hard and then he smiled.
     “I live here, actually I’ve got a small apartment out back we could use.  Rosemary, we’re about to throttle each other’s destiny at the speed of light, at least let us be prepared for the repercussions of this.  Do you believe in forever?” asked Daserus warmly as he reached out and grabbed onto Rosemary’s left breast.     And she instantly kissed him hard and passionately for several seconds and then she pulled back from him.          
     “Only if always lasts,” said Rosemary slyly as she grinned.    And Grega and everyone just looked at each other ready to burst out with laughter.
     “Let’s take a walk and find ourselves in the blackness of it all,” said Daserus warmly as he took Rosemary’s hand and then led her towards a door at the back of the stage.
     “Hey, Rosemary, don’t sign any credit card forms!  It could be a scam!” yelled Den jokingly as he watched Rosemary walk to the door.    And then she gave him the finger and went thru the door with Daserus feeling her butt.
     “Boy I hope she gets pregnant.  The whole world’s hoping for another fuckshit,” said Grega sarcastically as he grinned and then everyone laughed and Amo hit his chest.
     “Grega, that’s not funny.  Just let her be happy, Daserus, is handsome at the very least,” said Amo begrudgingly as she started to think about sex with Grega and gave him a look.
     “Amo, we just banged 2 hours ago.  Are you trying to put me in the ground?” asked Grega half jokingly as Amo tried to kiss him and he pulled away.
     “I’m tryin’ to put you in the bed.  For at least 3 or 4 hours of why the hell not get naked?  Well, let’s have it you prick fucker.  I want that penis good and hard and to be rammed into my cold pussy harder.  Get those clothes off!” said Amo sternly as she tried to wrestle Grega’s shirt off.    And he laughed and resisted while Pat and Den laughed.
     “Alright look, you wench of all wenches, I’ll have sex with you later after we go to the spiritual den of Purth.  And don’t worry it will be all night and hot and heavy alright?” asked Grega as he giggled and Amo tried to get a kiss and grabbed his butt.
     “Fine, but I am gonna rip your head off when we do.  If you think it will be an hour and then snoring, you’re dreamin’,” said Amo sternly as she gently punched Grega’s arm repeatedly and smiled at him.   And he laughed hysterically and Pat lit up a cigar.    And Den looked around the room at the colors on the walls.
     Meanwhile Rosemary and Daserus were just entering his apartment.  It has a triangular brass bed with a harness set up on it.    And black and red silk sheets, blankets, and white silken round pillows with the words,” The spirit of intellect is dead in a mind filled with holes of racism and bigotry, but alive if it fills those holes with compassion and forgiveness,” written on the blankets in dark yellow large letters.   The bed itself sits inside a square hot tub and has a pair of red staircases leading up to each side of the bed.  There are also several leather masks, jackets, chaps, and large women’s boots on the walls, as well as whips, dildos and two boxes of female KY jelly on the left wall.  On the right wall there is a picture of Slapor Abuid showing him bashing a Doramoc over the head with a mallet.
     Slapor Abuid was,” the man who tempted god,” as the people of Boston called him.  He was a lawyer who sued the world for 500 billion dollars.    Claiming they’d duped him into believing in a higher power all his life.    And this systematical global deception had kept him from prospering in life and being truly happy.   He brought the case to court after court appealing his case all the way to the Supreme Court.  Once there he brought character witnesses of priests and Rabbis who swore under oath to having not believed in god themselves.   Even thou they felt religion was important in a person’s life, so they duped people into believing.   The case dragged on for 5 days with one witness, a homeless man, arguing that he was god himself.    Which further supported Slapor’s claims that only a crazy person could ever truly believe in god, and that supporters of the almighty were willing deceivers of us all.    This caused us to waste time on church when we could’ve become more successful.   The high court deliberated for 3 days and then came back and deemed that Slapor had been duped, and was entitled to damages of no less than 7 billion dollars from all organized religions on Earth.  Then as he was leaving the courthouse a torrential rain storm began that quickly turned to lightning and hale.  Then Slapor got hit 4 times by lightning bolts killing him on the spot.
     There is a hologram of a beautiful blonde haired woman pretending to be cleaning the apartment named Hisella.    And she walked towards Daserus and said happily,” Daserus, oh you are a vision and a genius of the world’s elite.  Come ravage me again and again.”
     “That’s Hisella, she’s my companion of sorts.  I’m allergic to dogs so,” said Daserus nervously as he felt a bit embarrassed, but still had his mind on sex with Rosemary.     And he remained calm as she looked around the room and smirked.
     “So am I, yeah I hate dogs.  They literally make me violently ill for weeks at a time.  I see you’ve got a bit of a stud’s lair of pleasures here.  I can respect that, so how do you wanna have sex?” asked Rosemary as she looked at a strap-on 9 inch black silky dildo and thought how interesting that was that a man had it.
     “Well, I thought we’d do 69 to warm up.  Then I’ll put you in the harness and I’ll put on my strap-on around my waist.   And then we’ll do both holes at the same time,” said Daserus happily as he wrapped his arms around Rosemary and squeezed her tightly.    And she rubbed his forearm and let out a sigh.
     “Yeah, I knew this was true love.  I hope I can rely on you to be a good secret keeper, ‘cause I get a bit weird during sex,” said Rosemary slyly as she implied a question and reached back and grabbed Daserus by the cock.    And he instantly started ripping off his clothes and then she turned to face him.
     “That’s a given, call me Luther Longdoddle from here on in,” said Daserus sternly as he slipped out of the last of his clothes as did Rosemary.
     “Luther Longdoddle can you help me find my car keys, I can’t remember where I left them?” asked Rosemary coyly in a little girl’s voice as she sucked on her index finger.    And Daserus’s eyes lit up and he ran over and grabbed a long red hand shaped dildo.
     “I’ve got the tools to find it, fear not.  Now get on that bed you bitch!” said Daserus loudly as he glared at Rosemary.    And she ran and jumped on the bed followed by him.
     “Luther Longdoddle examine me crevices before I die!” shouted Rosemary as she laid down on her back and lifted her legs in the air.   And Rosemary put her neatly trimmed pussy up and shook it from side to side.    As Daserus spun around with his boner right in her face and she grabbed hold of it with her mouth and began giving him head.    And Daserus started pounding her with the red dildo.
     Rosemary rubbed his cock fast and then slowly, as she licked his cock and moaned as he licked her pussy.    And Daserus continued pounding her pussy with the dildo.
     “Are you gonna suck that fucking cock faster or what, YOU BITCH?!” shouted Daserus as he kept licking Rosemary’s pussy then rubbed her thighs and ass.    And she rubbed his cock against her cheeks and breasts.
     “Keep eating that pussy, Luther Longdoddle, or I’ll spank your ass red!” shouted Rosemary then she smiled and let out a moan of ecstasy.
     Meanwhile out in the theater Grega and everyone were over at the food machines waiting for Rosemary and getting some hot meals.    They had meatloaf sandwiches that had round baked rolls filled with a spicy meatloaf and a creamy Alfredo cheese sauce.   As well as a whipped potatoes and country gravy inside a meatball on an eatable fried corn popsicle stick.
     “So, is Daserus killing Rosemary right now and making her into this meatloaf were eating?  Or is he making Rosemary a baby she can yell at, and get to do laundry while she collects government checks?” asked Den sarcastically as he ate his meatloaf stick and sat on a black leather couch facing the stage.    And Amo and Grega were on his right and Pat beside him on the same couch.
     “Laundry no, she’d have ‘em making t-shirts and mowing the lawn while she ate macaroni and cheese,” said Pat jokingly then he bit into a smoked salmon and cheese sandwich.   And it had tiny fried chicken balls throughout the honey glazed roll.
     “Na, fucking Rosemary needs a kid to dig graves for her when she goes on her killing spree.  I always thought it’d be me to dig those very graves.   I don’t think I’ll ever get over her movin’ on with random artsy guy.   Maybe I’ll write a song about it, call it hey Jude,” said Grega sarcastically as a wry grin came across his face and they all nearly choked with laughter.
     “I think another man had the same idea once, but he dug the graves himself and became known as Jeffrey Dalmer.   Oh how great those two minds are they each share.  Fills my eyes with a watery discharge,” said Amo sarcastically in a stern voice as she eyed Grega and he nodded back and pretended to wipe her fake tears.    And Den and Pat laughed.
     “And mine, oh now I have a soul to share my ache with.  And eventually hack up as she sleeps.  Isn’t this the pick of the litter and I do mean garbage, mostly worn out rubbers and half eaten glue sticks.  Is it love, mine Amo?” asked Grega sarcastically in a dramatic fashion as he smiled a goofy grin and kissed Amo’s hair.   And she looked away and grinned.
     “It is, a love of your dead body in my back freezer.  And that’s real love, the fresh and gooey kind,” said Amo sarcastically as she grinned and kissed Grega’s arm and then licked his elbow as he smiled.           
     “That’s homicide one, be sure to burn the body or they’ll electrocute ya.  Happened to my uncle Harry,” said Den sarcastically in a stern voice as he chewed the last of his meatloaf stick.    And then everyone looked at him with their mouths wide open and Den smiled and said slyly,” a poor relation, Pat’s got 50 of ‘em.”
     “Hey we married into those, they were rumrunners so what,” said Pat nervously as he fidgeted in his seat and everyone laughed.
     “Rum, or was it a 4 state prostitution ring?   ‘Cause I heard a ting or two, Patty?” asked Grega slyly as he grinned and Pat squirmed.    While Amo laughed and popped open an ice cold can of Dr. Pepper.
     “So what, you’d pay for it if you weren’t so good looking and you know it, Grega,” said Pat defiantly as he smiled slightly and then threw up his hands as Den laughed.
     “What do you mean would, where do you think I got, Amo?” asked Grega sarcastically then Amo looked at him wide eyed and pretended to be choking him.
     Meanwhile Rosemary and Daserus were still having sex with Rosemary on top of him.   And she wore a clown mask and 6 inch leather heels. Rosemary thrusted up and down at lightning speed and shouted,” Luther Longdoddle, you better cum quick or you’re fuckin’ meat!!!”
     Daserus thrust into her again and again as he spanked her ass.    And then Daserus grabbed her breasts and then shouted,” I’m not done with you yet!  Ride that cock and fuck me good, fuck you!”
     Then the two of them started thrusting as fast as they could and moaning with ecstasy.   Then Rosemary and Daserus started to cum and let out an ear piercing scream.    And Rosemary fell on top of him hard 5 times.  Then she slid off his cock and started sucking it and she said sternly,” I love the way you taste.”   
     “So do I,” said Daserus slyly as he looked at Rosemary and grinned while he rubbed her head.
     Then Rosemary stopped and laid down beside Daserus and asked warmly,” So am I your type, cause I can change if I’m not?”      
     “Ah yeah, you’re the best thing I could’ve ever hoped for.  You’re the reason I kept myself available all these years.  I didn’t think I’d ever find you.  It was getting very bleak in recent months, but here you are and I am happy.  Am I what you’re in to?” asked Daserus sincerely as he put his arm around Rosemary.    And Rosemary smiled and gave his chiseled body a looking over and patted his chest.
     “That’s an understatement if there ever was one.  How ‘bout this, what if we head out and see what Amo and everyone is doing or if they left me here?  We had planned on Den of Purth getting some medicine,” said Rosemary calmly as she stood up and then started putting her clothes back on.
     “I’m all about the medicine.  Ya know you could have a bit to eat before we go?” asked Daserus as he put on his clothes and then looked at Rosemary.    Rosemary was already dressed and she did a tah-dah motion with her hands and winked at him.   Then she gave him a quick kiss.
     “Yeah we’ll hit someplace on the way, hurry up, Longdoddle, I need to move around because I’m too happy to stand around,” said Rosemary happily as she danced around the room and Daserus finished getting dressed.
     Then they hurried out to the theater and saw Grega and everyone sitting on the couches.   And Pat pretended to be an ape and moved around sporadically.
     “I KNEW you were a jackass!  You were lying all along!” yelled Rosemary jokingly as she and Daserus ran up to everyone hand in hand.    And everyone looked at them and laughed.
     “So what, I’m part ape, I can’t help it,” said Pat sarcastically as he scratched his head and flopped down on the couch.    And he felt embarrassed that he didn’t get Rosemary and Daserus did, but not wanting to let on.
     “So, Rosemary, you look happy and relaxed.  Did you read your bible passages and talk politics all this time?” asked Den sarcastically and jokingly as he stood up and then extended his hand to Daserus and said sternly,” nice to meet cha buddy, Den’s the name.”
    “Daserus, nice to meet you too, Den,” said Daserus anxiously as he grinned at Den who laughed.
     “I’m Grega, this is, Amo, and the half ape is, Pat,” said Grega warmly as he smiled and mimicked Pat’s ape routine, but kept sniffing his own butt and using a shocked expression while everyone laughed.
     “Very funny, Grega, don’t let, Grega, fool ya.    His pa spent a lot of time with his sheep and got to know their hindquarters very exclusively,” said Pat sarcastically as Grega grinned and nodded yes.    And Daserus and Rosemary laughed.
     “Those sheep loved him back!  And those charges were never proven!  So what if he smelled of goat, it was common for a farmer to inspect hindquarters for fleas and ticks!” said Grega sarcastically and excitedly and as he paced back and forth with his hand above his head.    And then everyone screamed with laughter.
     “O.K., Grega, enough weirdness out of you for one day.  Are we going to the den of Purth or what?” asked Rosemary sternly as she tried not to smile and crossed her arms.    And Rosemary glared at Grega who smiled and threw up his hands.
     “We’re gone, let’s head out and get on the Dasiom expressway.  We should be at the Purth soon enough,” said Grega happily then he slapped Amo’s butt.    And Grega ran towards the outside of the theater with her chasing after him.    
     The Dasiom expressway is a collection of anti-gravity taxicabs that look like prominent Doramocs.    They also look like former world leaders and alien warriors from Doramoc conquered worlds like the ruler Formu Goodtaker from the planet of Prash.
     Formu Goodtaker was taken into police custody by the Doramocs and shipped to Earth for incarceration early last year.  On his home world he was a ruthless general who seized power after killing his own brother who had been emperor.    He did this by filling his wine stock with a knockout drug.  Then he brought his brother to a chalet in the valleys of Prash.    And Formu proceeded to punch him 8 times a day in the head for 1 month.    Until eventually he died from a massive concussion.   Then he fed his body piece by piece to his grieving family at his brother’s funeral, unbeknownst to them.  Formu then set about removing every trace of his brother’s existence.   He did this by tearing down statues and burning paintings of him, but was thwarted when the Doramocs descended upon Prash and overwhelmed his army.   Much in the same way they had done to so many others, with an enormous precision first strike.   And it included cutting off and contaminating the water supply.
     Everyone went outside and Grega raised his credit card and it pulsed blue.    And a trio of Dasioms hurried down out of the expressway and over to where Grega and everyone were standing.    Each of which hovering only 6 inches above the ground and in the shape of Wexor, Abe Lincoln wearing sunglasses, and Formu Goodtaker showing his giant red beard and white glass eye.
     “So now what?” asked Pat as the doors to the Dasiom slid out.  Then the doors turned into a set of steps leading into them.
     “Who cares, I’m rich.  Let’s take ‘em all, but I’m ridin’ with Rosemary and Daserus, sorry, Pat, B.O.,” said Grega slyly and jokingly as he limped clumsily into the Formu Dasiom.
     “Fuck you, Grega, go shave your ass,” said Pat sharply as he got in the same one as Grega, as did everyone but Den, as he smiled and hopped in the Abe one.
     Inside the Formu it had plush felt covered seats that each faced a round center table.   With the table made of black marble and you could watch holographic TV.    With even what was outside the cab you could watch by flipping thru the channels, with a brown leather covered remote control as your guide.  Each of the chairs can foldout and turn into beds.    Or you can raise up and pop your head out the sunroof with ease.  There is a large glass refrigerator filled with meals, snacks, soda, and beer on the left hand side.    That you only needed to swipe your card over the item and it was yours.   On the right side of the Formu there was a trio of glass cases filled with designer shirts, sunglasses, keepsakes, and even several leather jackets from Armani and Gucci.   And you could easily buy inside the 50 foot long interior.  There are also a trio of Gasblack men set up in a row that look like a bearded Gargoyle with his arms extended.
     Gasblack men are a hand’s on video game.    And it was where you had to work your way thru several levels until you got to a certain point in the game.    And then you have to wrestle one of the Gasblack 3 robots.   If you are able to pin them on their bellies before they’ve touched your head.    Then they revealed to you a riddle that could lead to prizes like a ticket to the Jogou maze in Manhattan.   Gasblack is named after Penivicious Tornoil Gasblack, the creator of the game and reputed mob boss.   Penivicious was knee deep in organized crime in New Jersey, before he found a love for electronics and game making in his thirties.  He then created several games including Gasblack that made him so much money he was paid straight.    And he made so much money that crime wasn’t worth it.   Then he ran for governor of New York, but got beat by a Doramoc.   And when he tried to have that Doramoc killed, he got caught and had to go into hiding and hasn’t been seen since.   There still remains a 300 million dollar reward for his capture or proof of his death.      
     “Alright my lovelies, let me type in our destination and we’re off,” said Grega as he entered the Den of Purth.   And then the Caucasian brown haired golden eyed cab driver raised his right hand quickly and they rocketed forward.
     “Hey what the fuck are those statues over there?” asked Pat as he sat back in his seat.    And Pat saw that one of the Gasblack robots was smiling right at him and it made him nervous.   And Rosemary saw them and started laughing.
     “Jesus, look at those fucking things.  They’re creepin’ me out.  I’ll check ‘em and see if I can face them a different direction,” said Grega firmly then he got up and walked over to the Gasblack 3.    And Grega started grabbing one when it rose up.   And it grabbed hold of his arm and Grega said startled,” what in the shit?!”
     “You must pin me to the ground on my belly or you will lose your chance at glory!  Do your best and do it now!” thundered the Gasblack as it tried to climb up Grega.   And Grega instantly thought to himself alright then.   And he began trying to wrestle it to the floor.
     “Get ‘em, Grega, Pat needs a gal!” yelled Rosemary as she laughed as did Daserus, and Pat grinned.   Grega grabbed hold of the Gasblack around the waist and throttled it to the floor.
     Grega grabbed its hands and pinned them behind its back as he laughed hysterically.    And Grega thought how fun it was to wrestle the Gasblack.
     “Keep fighting me you little shit!  I’ve got more power then you can handle!  It’d take an army of you to defeat me.  You just try it you brat, go on try it.  That’s what I thought,” said Grega gleefully as he wrestled the Gasblack over onto its stomach as everyone laughed.
     “You’re enjoying this way too much, Grega, just pin him already,” said Amo happily as she smiled and watched Grega laughing at the Gasblack.    And he was slowly rolling him over onto his belly, as the Gasblack squirmed like a fish out of water.
     “No, not yet, my friend and I are having an epic battle.  A battle that only wise and powerful men can fight, and win.  C’mon you wimp try and struggle your way to freedom!  You will fail you embarrassment!” said Grega greedily and jokingly as he fought back laughter at the Gasblack who continued to squirm.
     “I will not give in, it is you who will have to defeat me!” said the Gasblack sternly as it kicked Grega hard in the leg.    And he broke out laughing and started slapping the Gasblack hard in the face.
     “What you little pussy?!  You can’t handle my power!  I will pummel you silly!” said Grega gleefully as he held both of the Gasblacks arms in one hand.    And Grega slapped it good and hard as everyone laughed.
     “Jesus, Grega, you’re slappin’ him to death,” said Pat as he smiled from ear to ear.    And Grega pushed the Gasblack under his butt and let out a raunchy fart.   And everyone laughed even harder.
     “That’s right, that is right!  Now you’ll suck on my scent of power and wiseness.  Keep fighting me,” said Grega sarcastically in an evil voice.    Then Grega started to laugh uncontrollably as the Gasblack squirmed even more.
     “Your scent is choking me to death.  Enough of Grega’s scent for one lifetime, please,” pleaded Rosemary as she pinched her nostrils and opened the sunroof.
     “Oh we’re just getting started.  There’s more scent to come.  My little friend knows it, don’t cha hmmm.  Soak in my glory as you bend to my whims,” said Grega jokingly as he grinned and then laughed.    And he pinned the Gasblack on his belly and said quickly,” alright fine I want to see what the prize is.”
     Then the Gasblack curled into a ball and an ethereal woman’s voice started to sing in the high range, a melodic song called,” The bumps of my scarred insurrection,” by the band, One footed ass kicker.
     One footed ass kicker, is a Doramoc band that consists of 3 brothers who all moved to Earth after a long stint in the junior Doramoc army called the Britzh.   Each plays guitar and sings incredibly intricate 3 part harmonies.  Their music is compared to the Doramoc Beatles, The Railway pillows, but failed to catch on anywhere on their native Forpush.  Although on Earth they’ve had a string of 73 consecutive top five hits, and they currently own the entire top ten.  They were embroiled in controversy early last year.    As the band’s front-man Y, was heard to say in an interview,” We love our fans to death, which is what they all deserve and will soon get.”  These remarks were taken out of context as he said he was only joking.    But the band endured 6 weeks of public ridicule and being the butt of many jokes on many of the late night talk shows.
     “What in the fuck is this fucking weirdo doin’ now?” asked Rosemary in disgust as the Gasblack started to do spins.    And then the Gasblack shook its head from side to side then stopped suddenly.
     “While you slept, so did I, but only in the sense that crying brings you rivers of time.  Who am I if you had one guess?  And don’t forget you can’t remember me yet,” said the Gasblack brightly as he did a goofy little dance.    And then he raised his arms above his head and a dozen holographic rays and spots of light encircled him.    And a holographic eagle flew in and around Grega as he smirked to himself.
     “The sky for all I fucking know,” said Grega sadly and sarcastically as he threw up his hands.    And as he did the Gasblack did a somersault and landed at his feet.    And its head spiraled around in circles and Grega asked sternly,” now what the fuck are you doin’?   You tryin’ to weird me to death?”
     “You have won the prize, the gift, the thing that you lacked.  And now that it’s time for a winner to rise, I can tell you your answer was correct.  So tap on my chest and your prize I’ll submit,” said the Gasblack brightly as it pushed its chest out at Grega.    And a barrel hologram surrounded the two of them and everyone looked on anxiously and Grega smiled.
     “Go ahead, Grega, let’s see if he explodes,” said Daserus sarcastically then he kissed Rosemary on the cheek.
     “Alright let’s see,” said Grega apprehensively as he smirked and then reached out and touched the Gasblack’s chest.
     And as he did the chest cavity opened and revealed a stack of hundred dollar bills that numbered 100,000 dollars.     As well as a black, turquoise, and dark blue steel and silver 3 inch long cell phone like device.   The device has the words,” You’ll be amazed at the Jogou maze.  And better yet you’ll get lost in its walls, and never ending places that will draw you in and keep you there,” written across the computer screen in white and red letters.  There are 3 red and green buttons on the device marked good, great, and why not, that have the shape of animals.
     “What’s it say?” asked Pat anxiously as Grega grabbed the device and then pulled out the wad of cash.
     “Is that real money, Grega?” asked Daserus intently as he eyed the money.    And Daserus felt dejected seeing as he was nearly broke and could have played the game himself.
     “Oh yeah, the rich get much richer.   Jesus, just 2 months ago I was flat broke and now I have so much money that this is not even a big deal,” said Grega calmly as he counted the money and then said slyly,” well there’s 100,000 dollars here.  Does anyone want it?” asked Grega as he looked at everyone.
     “I’ll take it if no one wants it,” said Daserus quickly as he tried not to show how badly he needed it. 
     “Take it, we’re all rich.  Enjoy, Daserus,” said Grega as he began to give it to Daserus, but when he reached for the money he pulled it back playfully.    Only to smile and give it to him and then Grega said slyly,” just kiddin’ ya, Daserus.”
     “What is that gizmo you’ve got there?  Looks like an alien weapon,” asked Pat nervously as he didn’t let on how embarrassed Grega was making him feel by not answering his questions in front of Daserus.
     “What, oh yeah this little gizmo or what not.  Let’s take a look it says its tickets to some Jogou maze.    And there’s some buttons here to push…” said Grega calmly, but Daserus looked at him wide eyed.
     “The Jogou maze is the hardest place in New York to get in to.  Literally there are 8 month waiting lists to buy a ticket, and the tickets are incredibly expensive.  I’m sorry to cut you off like that, Grega,” said Daserus apologetically as he secretly wished Grega would give him the Jogou tickets or at least take him with him.
     “No, it’s alright, Daserus.  I appreciate you giving me the lowdown on all the great info.  Well is says here I can take 5 guests, but no pets,” said Grega after pressing the red lion shaped button and reading the computer screen.    Then he pressed the green button.    And a hologram of a giant warrior with the body of a dragon carrying a large golden sword filled the space in front of Grega.   And it started flying thru a giant electrical storm and then into a massive smoke filled tunnel.
     “That is so sick,” said Pat excitedly as he watched the hologram and a thunderous symphony could be heard coming out of the device.    As the warrior shot into a massive tree and rocketed out of one of its limbs into an underwater graveyard of black and yellow statues.
     Then a voice could be heard that said sharply,” You were alive when you died, but you find it sits better when knives find your eyes, and neck feels a shiver.  I knew once of an idiot such as you.    And he was dumbfounded to see that there’s better and even quite less than the woman I became and you’ll see. So when you race thru my maze keep your mind on this refrain, you’ll never make it to me and this is the game.”
     Then a red faced and dark green back of Jogou the witch rose up out of a glass of ale on the edge of a swamp.   Then Jogou winked and fire engulfed her.    And she disappeared into smoke.
     “Now that was sick, Jesus!” said Pat excitedly as he smiled and nodded firmly.    And he tried to get everyone pumped up and take the focus off his embarrassment.
     “Well, I don’t know what you guys want to do, but I’m totally up for this Jogou maze,” said Grega coyly and warmly as he tried to not let on that he was trying to dupe everyone into ditching the den of Purth.    And he acted like he was in shock.
     “Yeah fuck Purth, this maze thing looks way better.  I’m with, Grega, on this one, Rosemary,” said Pat sternly as he tried to sway Rosemary, but also convince Grega he wasn’t mad that he’d ignored him.    And Pat hoped that by doing this Grega wouldn’t do it again.
     “You’re with him on everything ya burnout!” said Rosemary jokingly as Grega tried not to laugh and Rosemary tried to embarrass Pat a little.    And then Rosemary said begrudgingly,” alright, Grega, you convict I’ll happily go to this maze shit, but you owe me a fine dinner later.”
     “Sure, no of course we’ll swing by McDonalds on the way.   I’ll get you a couple of hamburgers and maybe a small fry?  Maybe even a small chocolate milk, how’s that sound?” asked Grega sarcastically as he grinned at Rosemary.   And she laughed and pointed to his crotch while Daserus and Pat laughed.
     “Sounds like a classic Grega promise, heavy on the screw you, but I’ll take it ‘cause those burgers are juicy,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she rubbed Daserus’s thigh and Grega and Amo laughed.
     “Alright then, I’ll buy burgers for the whole car, except for Pat who only gets a small fry.  I’m just kiddin’ ya, Pat you don’t mind do ya?” asked Grega sarcastically as he laughed at how embarrassed Pat was, but knew he wouldn’t call him on the slight.
     “Whatever, Grega, the same shenanigans as usual.  Still I want 2 small fries or I’ll tell Rosemary about that tuft of hair on your pecker,” said Pat sarcastically then Grega laughed, but Pat felt he had evened the score.    Even though Pat wished Grega would just show him some respect so he wouldn’t have too.
     “Oh, Pat’s, a bit perturbed and might snap.  No look ah, let’s absolutely do this Jogou maze thing.  And if you want we can hit Frenchie’s drive thru on the way?” asked Grega warmly and coyly as he felt guilty for sticking it to Pat.    But Grega really didn’t care, because of a story Pat had told him about when Pat was young and he punched his mother in the arm one night.    When she wouldn’t stop shouting and talking at the TV due to her mental illness.   And Grega never forgave Pat for this.
    There was an awkward silence as Pat fumed, but didn’t want to snap.  And Rosemary wanted Pat to be uncomfortable for a while.   And this was because she’d knew Pat was a bit of a bastard to her when she was young and she never forgave him for it.
     “Yeah, sounds great, but we’ll have to let, Den, know what we’re doing and give him directions,” said Pat calmly as he told himself it wasn’t a big deal that Grega disrespected him.    And that he was strong enough to take it.    As Grega smirked and felt a wash of power and joy come over him that Pat had let him emasculate him again.
     “It’s on west 33rd at the Devias hotel.  It’s in the basement and goes literally for 50 miles under the city.  My father used to work there in crowd control a long time ago,” said Daserus calmly as he felt a rush of relief.    As Daserus knew what Grega was doing and knew that Pat had let it go, but he also knew that Pat was weak and could be manipulated easily.           
     “Really, that’s pretty cool, but why would you need crowd control at a maze?” asked Rosemary intently as she squinted at Daserus.    Then Rosemary peeked over at Pat to see if he was still pissed off.  And saw that he was and looked back at Daserus quickly.
     “Yeah why would you need that, Daserus?  I would think it’d be just another attraction, I could be wrong thou,” asked Grega calmly as he tried not to look at Pat who was nervously breathing.    And Grega knew he’d burst out laughing if he looked at Pat, and was secretly ecstatic at how pissed Pat was.
     “You are actually, no what the Jogou is, is the most amazing place in town.  I can’t tell you what it’s all about, because I don’t want to ruin it.  And quite frankly I don’t know,” said Daserus jokingly as he saw Pat quickly laugh as he tried to let out some of his anger.    And Daserus and everyone laughed loudly pretending it was at what Daserus had said, but knowing it was at Pat and then Daserus said calmly,” no, we’ll have the time of our lives.  The only downside is we can easily get separated from one another, so we’ll have to stay close or someone will get lost in the, MAZE!”
     Then everyone laughed, but they were secretly laughing at Pat and had hoped for a good joke so they could explode.  What they didn’t realize was, is that Pat knew what was happening, but laughed anyway.   As he didn’t want to let on because he thought they were idiots.
     “Oh boy that was funny.  You’re not still pissed are ya, Pat?” asked Grega coyly as he nodded at Pat.    And he knew he could use the laughter as a way to manipulate Pat into thinking he was his friend.   And that he was actually worried when Grega just didn’t want Pat to explode and ruin their good time.
     “No, Grega, wait what do you mean?” asked Pat happily as Grega caught him off guard, but then he realized what Grega was doing and tried not to get angry.  
     “Oh I was just worried you were taking my jokes seriously.  When actually I love ya and I was just kidding.  You know that right?” asked Grega coyly and in a sincere voice as he tried to convince Pat he was his friend.    But knowing he wished bad things would happen to him and only hung out with him because he liked making fun of Pat.
     “Yeah I know, Grega, I just get annoyed with you sometimes.  I love ya too.  He you need to tell, Den, what’s happening,” said Pat quickly as he felt relieved that Grega had apologized.    And Pat rubbed the back of his head while Grega started text messaging Den about what was happening.
     Inside the Abe Dasiom, Den sat there dancing back and forth to the song,” Like a rolling believer,” by the Best Depression, with the windows open and a smile on his face.
     The Best Depression, are a Canadian rock band who hail from Vancouver.    And they are a 10 piece band that includes a 5 piece string section of former attractive female and male prostitutes.   The bass player Peter P. Plast was a ruthless police detective before joining the group.    But Peter gave up his profession after getting caught stealing 750 pounds of marijuana, a brick of cocaine, and 550,000 dollars from the evidence locker, although it was never proven.  After his resignation he decided he’d been on the wrong side of the law for too long.   And he started selling pot out of his summer home, which is where he met his band-mates, as they were all customers first.  Over the 3 years since the band’s inception, they’ve had 15 number one hits in Canada and sold over 70 tons of pot.    As they travel from city to city keeping the marijuana in a fake bottom in their tour bus.
     “What is this?” asked Den as he felt his cell phone shake and then pulled it out and read Grega’s message.    And Den smiled and moved up to the front of the cab and tapped the driver on the shoulder and said warmly,” hey we’re heading to the Jogou maze instead.  I just got the message o.k. great.”
     Then Den sat back in his seat and started dancing again as he gyrated his wrists and shook awkwardly.
     They rode for a few minutes and then came to the Devias hotel.  It is shaped like a derby hat, but has a pair of red eyes cut into the top that go clean thru and house a massive sandy bottom pool.    The hotel itself is dark blue in color with dozens of different holograms generated by the guest’s rooms.    That show their mood by using a happy animal like a dog or they’d put holograms of themselves floating outside the room to let friends and family know where they are.  The base of the hotel has a large check-in in the hangar bay.   And it is filled with a lush garden and several statues of Wexor and the hotel’s owner Pud Smoda.
     Pud Smoda was one of only a few humans that the Doramocs saw as an equal.  They did because of his immense size and stature at 7’9” and 657 pounds.   But also because he told very elaborate stories and they took that to mean he was very wise.   He always told one story about when he was in a plane that was hurling towards a grove of trees after both engines had gone out.   Everyone on board was screaming for their lives except for Pud.    Who calmly ate some potato salad and watched the ground getting closer out the window.   Then as the plane neared the treetops, be calmly got up out of his seat and walked over to the hatch.   Then he burst it open and air rushed in.  He waited for a moment, then smiled to a female stewardess and jumped out.   He just missed the left engine with his head and crashed into a large leafy tree.  The tree cushioned his fall enough that he was uninjured.    And then he simply climbed down out of the tree and calmly watched the plane burst into flames.  The story was a complete lie, but Pud found the strength and fortitude to tell it to the Doramocs again and again like it was the truth.
     The 2 Dasioms flew into the hangar bay at Devias.    And then they flew into a large Pud shaped stall that has a bridge made from mahogany and red marble that leads into the hotel just as you exited the Taxicab.    As well as a trio of anti-gravity scooters set up on either side of the bridge that you can rent called Thams.
     The Thams are 2 person black and red lined t shaped crafts.   And they have comfortable tan leather chairs set up in a row with a steering wheel in the front.  They also have bottles of beer and soda like Pepsi and Coke in the sides of them.   That you got for free when you rented them.  They have little laser pistols on the fronts to use to buy items in store fronts by just aiming them at them.
     Everyone exited the Dasioms and Grega gave the driver a thousand dollar tip.    And Then they walked onto the bridge.
     “Hey, brothers and sister of the revolution.  Is there stars in my eyes?” asked Den jokingly in a stoner’s voice.    As he walked really bowlegged over to everyone and moved his sunglasses from side to side and then up and down and everyone laughed.
     “It’s just shit, Den, been there for years.  Not to mention your brains are shit , all the way thru,” said Grega jokingly and in a stern over dramatic deep voice, as he rubbed Den’s shoulders and examined his head while everyone laughed.
     “It happened on that trip to Mexico.    I asked the waiter for ribs, and he thought I said shit.  A second later he was boring a hole in my forehead.  What’s your excuse, Grega?” asked Den sarcastically as Grega laughed loudly and tried to think of a better joke than Den, as then they walked towards the Thams.
     “My mother used me as a basketball when I was young.  Up and down the court over and over shot after shot.  It’s a wonder I can even speak, it’s a wonder I can even smell your fart scent cologne, but I can.  Jesus wipe that ass already!” said Grega sarcastically as he grinned and Den laughed and smelt his armpits quickly.     And Rosemary, Daserus, Pat, and Amo were checking out the Thams.
     “Hey, Grega, stop strokin’ Den’s idiot ego and come over here and help me pick a scooter.  I need your expert tutelage,” said Amo sternly as she wanted some attention and felt she was being neglected.
     Grega shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.    And he grinned at Den and made his way over to the Thams.
     “She tells me how it is,” said Grega playfully then he walked over to the Thams and saw Amo scowling at him.    And she smiled and tapped the seat behind her.
     “Alright, Grega, let’s take a ride and see the alleged maze in question,” said Amo warmly as Grega sat down behind her with his legs straddling her.    And he worried someone would make a joke.
     “Boy, Grega, you really know how to be a woman’s bitch!  Look at him, Pat, he lost his pecker and sack in the cab!” said Rosemary jokingly as she burst out laughing and everyone else laughed.   And Grega felt really embarrassed and tried to act like it wasn’t a big deal.     But the more they laughed the more it bothered him and then he tapped Amo on the shoulder.
     “Hey, I want to drive, Amo?  Just don’t make a big deal out of it,” asked Grega anxiously as he got off the Thams.    And Amo looked at him wide eyed and she decided not to make a fuss, because she could see he was pissed so she just got off.
     Then everyone got on their Thams and Amo asked nervously,” Do I get to talk now, Grega, or are you still pissed at me?”
     “Amo, Jesus, just let it go already.  Isn’t it enough that you embarrassed me in front of everyone?” asked Grega sharply then he started to drive across the bridge at full speed.    And he felt like shouting at Amo, but fought to hold it together.    Meanwhile Amo felt pissed at Grega, but knew she couldn’t do better than him.    And if she dumped him she’d have to go back to Portland and she didn’t want to, so she bit her tongue.
     They all raced thru a big python statue and could see a glowing blue neon sign that reads,” Jogou maze to the right.”    And they all went right down a spiraling tunnel that had Pud’s face and image all over it.  They passed thru a holographic waterfall and emerged in a colossal room.    And it had thousands of mountains, sand cities, and robot filled lounges among many other types of rooms and outdoor settings.   And it went off in every direction and even several stories into the ground.  There is a dark blue fake sun set up above the room flanked by red holographic storm clouds.    And they blanketed the room in an eerie warm blue almost sunlight.   The outer walls of the room have hundreds of shops, bars, and hotel suites set up so you could play the maze or simply watch others.    As well as apartments with tunnels to the surface so they could get in and out easily.   There are anti-gravity suits of armor that many people were using to get an overview of the maze.    And many visitors were also using as an amusement ride, as they soared in and around the black and red mountain range.
     At the start of the Jogou there is a massive orange marble Buda statue.    That has a black leather chair perched on it, as well as a golden football slash eagle’s head shaped helmet.    And it has glowing red eyes and every person has to put on before entering the maze, and it’s called the Himra.
     What the Himra did is imprint a random map for each person that leads to different prizes in the maze or different foibles and challenges.   There is only one person out of 1 million that will be lucky enough to get the actual map to the Jogou witch.   And that same person will get hundreds of prizes along the way that includes a key that unlocks a door to the,” Friends Again Club.” And that is New York’s secret society.    And it has many celebrities and billionaires going in and out of there all the time.   Membership brings with it a permanent get out of jail free card.    And that meant you can literally kill someone and face no repercussions.   It also carries with it seats at every nice restaurant and theater.    And they are lavish and always right next to the stage, as well as being filled with drugs and alcohol.  Once you were a member you could never leave.    Even after death your children have to maintain your personal locker and hot tub area.    Or if they didn’t face a severe tongue lashing or even a good hard punch in the mouth for everyday they neglected to do the maintenance.
     Everyone was standing in line waiting to put on the Himra and start their trip thru the Jogou.   This while the band,” The Best Depression,” played inside a holographic ocean blue and red bubble that makes them look really amazing.
     “Well I say after all this fun stuff we dig up some graves and shake down some homeless?   Who’s up for that ah?” asked Grega sarcastically as he smiled and tried to trick everyone into thinking he was happy again, but all the while he was still pissed at them.    And they all laughed loudly and shook their heads.
     “I’m always up for that, but why do you want to go to, Pat’s, parent’s house?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she slapped Pat’s butt with her hand.    And everyone laughed and Grega only smiled, because he wanted Pat to think everything was cool, but he was just waiting to stick it to him later.
      Grega believed he had earned the right to slight and make fun of all of them, because he bought them many things.    And if they didn’t want to be embarrassed they shouldn’t have asked him to buy them things and be fucking leeches.    He also thought that woman were evil and should be treated poorly.    He thought this, because his high school girlfriend Debby Yosling cheated on him and broke his heart.   After that he never let any woman get too close to him again.
     “Oh really, Rosemary, we’ll see if ma makes you struddle again.  I have a feelin’ it’s road apple sandwiches for the likes of you,” said Pat playfully and sarcastically as he moved up in front of Grega in line.    And Grega pretended not to notice because he wasn’t sure about what would happen when he made a point to say no.    As Grega was still trying to convince everyone he was happy again.
     “Oh no, what have I done.  Please don’t tell her, Pat, I need that struddle and I needs it bad,” pleaded Rosemary as she rubbed Pat’s shoulder.    And Daserus was being tugged forward by her and he grinned as he felt embarrassed for her.    As it embarrassed Daserus the way she was acting making him wonder if she was too childish for their relationship to work.                
     “I won’t tell her, but she’ll know.  Ma always does,” said Pat slyly as he stepped up to the Buda throne and then sat down.    And an old man with a mountain of thick stark white hair started putting the Himra on Pat’s head.   And the Himra glowed bright red and shot the imprint of the map into Pat’s brain.   And then Pat took off the helmet and said slyly,” pie times of 8 million and 4 equals half the square root of x!  Plus wine and body shots while said g string is lodged in yonder butt cheeks.   I’m officially the smartest person among smart people who live on my street.  Dog save the queen from eating my poundcake uhhuh.”
     Then everyone laughed and Grega stepped up and used the Himra.
     “I’d like to pound your cake, Daserus.   Let’s go find a bedroom somewhere in the maze and remember how to take off our clothes,” said Rosemary playfully as she rubbed Daserus’s crotch.    And then she French kissed him as he grinned.
     Then Den went up after Grega and before long they were all imprinted with their maps.
     “Alright well I’ll be heading this DIE-REC-TION,” said Den jokingly as he started for a large whiskey bar on the right that looked like the head of a lion.    And he smiled from ear to ear and Rosemary smiled and Amo laughed.
     “My map says go left, what does yours say, Pat?” asked Grega happily as he hugged Amo and smiled a forced smile.    All this while Pat looked around at the 25 different starting mahogany and red wood doors, with each having a name over it like,” Sam’s clam,” or,” The timeless clock.”
     “My map says, Gifted Idiot, a bit of type casting I surmise,” said Pat slyly and jokingly as he looked around at all the different doors.    And he hoped he’d have one of his friends to come with him, but not Grega.      
     “I surmise that you’re sure miserly.   Well aren’t we all geniuses like a dumb woman once said.  I’m just joking don’t lose it, Amo,” said Grega half jokingly as he just didn’t want to admit he was serious. And also hoped he could get away from Pat for awhile, but didn’t want him to know it. 
     “Well in that case, all seriousness aside, my map says the same thing as Pat’s so…,” said Amo brightly as she looked at Grega and smirked, as he looked back at her with his jaw dropped.
     “Amo, babycakes, how could this be twoo?” asked Grega in a little kid’s voice and Amo laughed while Pat looked on in disgust.
     “Hey, Grega, grow a pair would ya, there’s me present,” said Pat jokingly in a stern voice as he felt uncomfortable at Grega’s show of affection.    And Pat wondered if he really had to talk like a child to get a woman to like him.    While Grega laughed loudly with Amo.
     “Is all this baby talk makin’ wittle, Patipo, feel uncomfortaboo?  Well, Patipo, needs himself a huggy hug,” said Grega jokingly in a kid’s voice as he walked over to Pat with his arms outstretched.   And as he went to hug Pat, he was having none of it and started for the,” Gifted Idiot,” doorway as Grega laughed.
     “Alright I’ll call you later, Grega, and tell you how, Pat, and I made out,” said Amo brightly as she grinned at Grega and then kissed him.
     “What am I supposed to do ‘til then?  I could get lost, it’s a maze,” asked Grega loudly and slyly as Amo hurried after Pat.    And everyone laughed and then Rosemary looked at Grega and smirked and Grega asked,” why are you smirking?  Did I forget my rubber tooth and there’s a hole in my smile.”
     “Grega, I want to get started on the maze, we could win something good.  Let’s hit it already,” said Rosemary anxiously as Daserus smiled and shrugged his shoulders at Grega.  And Grega grinned back and shrugged his shoulders.
     “It’s much to my chagrin, Rosemary, that I have to tell you there’s no guarantee we will win anything.  We could, but you never know,” said Daserus slyly as he rubbed Rosemary’s back and she pouted back at him.
     Pat and Amo were just nearing the door to Gifted Idiot.   And as they stepped onto the mauve and red door shaped doormat, a hologram of Pud Smoda appeared and shouted,” Who the fuck are you?!  What the fuck are you, shitheads, doing on my porch?!  I’ll bash your heads in with a steel 5 wood!”
     “What’s going on, Pat?” asked Amo in shock and disbelief as she eyed Pud’s snarling face.   And Amo smiled slightly and Pat just shook his head.
     “Do you think I’ll tolerate you bastard kids stealing my hard apples again?!  Well do ya?!  Aren’t you two what graves are made for?!” shouted Pud as he glared at Pat and then started flailing his holographic fists at Pat’s head.    And Pat instinctively ducked.
     Then Pat realized how dumb it was to duck a hologram and just stood there calmly and smiled.  Then the door flung open and Amo said quickly,” Let’s hurry, Pat, we don’t want to miss anything.”
     Then Amo walked thru the hologram of Pud pulling on Pat’s hand.  And as they were about to grab the door handle the door shot straight down into the ground.   Behind the door there is a grassy meadow filled with dozens of gold and mahogany chests.   And there are little people sitting on top of the chests drinking tiny bottles of beer.   There are also several statues of Jogou the witch set up around the meadow.   As well as a large red marble statue of Homseli that shows him drinking from a man’s skull.
     Homseli was a second wave religious leader that rose up after the invasion.  There were 50 of these said prophets with Homseli the most prominent and most influential.  He began writing speeches and giving them in Monument Square in Portland Maine.  The most famous was the speech later called,” The resistance of thought,” that included the paragraph,” I died today, twice in the dew of morning and another time at my second meal.  Then it dawned on me that only my many deaths were life at all.    And the first two were at the hands of strong words from a friend.    Over the loss of faith in the all and enormous purity of God’s vengeful plan for those who desire to corrupt and destroy me and people like me.  It was these deaths that led to the third death at the hands of my father.    As he felt I’d let him down by not carrying more of his traits with me in my own personality.   This death especially kills me over and over again.    Even thou I know it is suicide to my true self reaching out to be new and original.”
     “Alright, Amo, queen of a names, what should we do in this room?  My map tells me to seek out a will of diminutive stature.  I thought of you first,” said Pat jokingly as he and Amo walked up a path towards the treasure chests.    And Pat felt joy and relief wash over him to have some time away from Grega and with Amo.
     “Fuck you king of the P names.   I’ve slept with better lays at the bus station,” said Amo sarcastically as she tried not to smile, but couldn’t help it when Pat nudged her.
     “That was you, you’re greyhound Amo the ultimate rim job?   I’ve been hearin’ about you for years!  Is it still a six pack a lay or is it smokes too?” asked Pat sarcastically as Amo looked at him wide eyed and grinned.    And she thought how handsome he looked when he kidded around with her.
     Then Bobby Lud, a blonde haired and blue eyed black sweater wearing little person jumped up and down on the treasure chest near Pat and Bobby said excitedly,” I have a gift for you, if you is who is true.  Just check inside me chest and soon you’ll have the best, but I won’t tell you what.”
     Then Pat and Amo laughed and looked at Bobby who was smiling and Pat said happily,” Works for me, I could use a new hat for me head.”
     Then Bobby jumped off the side of the chest.    And Pat went up to the green and red computer screen on its lock and pressed in the black finger shaped button.   Then Pat started telling himself it wasn’t a big deal if he won, that way he wouldn’t get blindsided if he didn’t get a good gift.   While Amo could barely contain herself as she secretly hoped it was a large sum they could easily split.
     “Well now what?” asked Pat anxiously as the chest didn’t open, but just as he did it sprung open.   And it revealed a pair of leather burlap sacks and a trio of 75,000 dollar stacks of hundred dollar bills and Pat shouted ,” look at all that loot, Amo, we’re rich for fuck’s sake!”
     “Jesus, Pat, we don’t need to bum money off Grega anymore!  Yes, I knew you were good luck come here,” said Amo excitedly then Pat looked over at her.    And she grabbed him and French kissed him hard and then said in a sultry voice,” and I have a feeling a great fuck.”
     “That’s right, but it could end Grega and my friendship.    So let’s just keep it on the backburner for a while, while we figure this out.   But that said, Amo, I have strong feelings for you,” said Pat sincerely as his thoughts raced.    And he tried to reckon with ending his friendship with Grega, but knew maybe it was time.
     “I’m madly in love with you, Pat, alright there I said it.  And that friend of yours Grega is a bastard who makes fun of you when you’re not around.     And he always talks about you behind your back.  I know you think he’s your friend, but he’s not.  And I could be the best friend you ever had, I mean it, Pat,” said Amo honestly as she teared up a little and wished Pat could say he loved her.
     “Amo, I love you,” said Pat warmly then Amo kissed him before he could say another word.    And then Pat said happily,” o.k. look if I lose my friend I don’t care.  I’m probably better off without him.  And with this money here we could go a long time, which reminds me what’s in those sacks?” asked Pat softly then he reached in and pulled them out of the chest.
     He opened one and inside there was a pile of gold and platinum diamond studded jewelry that included a huge pink diamond necklace.  The jewelry was worth over 115 million dollars.    And Amo knew it was instantly, because she had worked at a DeBeers store two years ago.
     “Holy shit, Pat, do you have any idea how valuable all that jewelry is?  That ring your holding alone is worth 20 million.  Pat, we don’t need Grega or his shit again.  We are stylin’,” said Amo in disbelief as Pat didn’t know what to say, as he held a fist full of jewelry up and felt lightheaded.
     Then Pat looked at Bobby who was smiling and just shook his head.  Then Pat put the jewelry back and said nervously,” Boy this is a great day.  We might as well see what’s in the other sack.”
     “I hope it’s movie tickets, then we’d be rich.  And, they have popcorn too,” said Amo sarcastically as Pat reached in the bag and pulled out a dark brown box.    And the box has golden inlays in the design of a Rhino with red eyes and has the words,” You died today and we mourned the loss of your sanity and reason, but we’re crazy about you,” written beneath the Rhino in ivory letters.    Amo looked at it quizzically and smiled slightly and asked anxiously,” what is it, Pat, more jewelry?”
     “I don’t know, let’s look inside,” said Pat anxiously as he fumbled with the front and he looked for a latch.   And as he did his thumb pressed in the word,” crazy.”   And the box slowly opened revealing a tiny leather book, and a silver square grip, and purple round key that has the words,” Friends Again Club,” written across the front of the key.
     The little book has the words,” In case of emergency give up, you’re not a person that helps, but we are,” written along the edges in red velvety lettering, as well as a silhouette of Bathmasu Doepo.
     Bathmasu Doepo is the original leader and creator of the,” Friends Again Club.”    And he has sunk all of his oil money into creating a club that is above the law and also inclusive.   What the last part meant was that there were 2 ways in.    A life of privilege where you bought your way in, or by sheer happenstance, where you were in the right place at the right time and you did something more than you ever had before.  Bathmasu believed that anyone could be rich, but not everyone could be lucky.     As he felt he was lucky in finding an oil well on his land in Texas.   On a property he and his wife had just bought when they were still in their teens.   That stroke of luck combined with his business sense allowed him to branch out.   And he and his wife bought the oil right s to all the neighboring properties and soon the whole county.  In less than 5 years he never cared about money again.  Then he started ratcheting up his efforts to collect intelligence on powerful politicians and other rick people.   He needed this so he could use that as leverage later on in life.    To assure the members of his club have certain latitudes so to speak.  And then the fun started in earnest.  To date the 3,000 members around the world are the only truly powerful people outside of the Doramocs who know anything of the club.
     “It’s a key, but to what, Pat?” asked Amo intently as she held the 5 inch key in her hand.    And Pat read thru the book that listed the many perks and locations of club offices.
     “It says here whether I know it or not or want it or not, I just joined the Friends Again Club!    And I have a new lease on life that is unequaled by even many of the most powerful.  It also says I have to go to 135Wall Street.    And attend my first meet and greet within 48 hours hmm.  Who am I meeting?” asked Pat softly as he eyed the book.
     “Someone amazing, Pat, you will be surprised at what you see.  The riches you have are just a drop in the pleasures you’ll see.  But don’t quit now, there is much to enjoy and many more gifts on your way to the ending,” said Bobby brightly then he shook his hands in front of his face and did a back-flip.   While Pat and Amo looked on in wonderment and grinned.
     Each of them felt an unbelievable joy at what they had just had happen to them. 
     “Well let’s keep going, Amo.  There might be even better gifts along the way,” said Pat brightly then he kissed Amo good and hard.   And Pat thought how lucky he was to have her.
     “Oh, Pat, we’ve won already.  Well my map tells me we go thru the meadow and up to an elderly woman who has a story to tell, so let’s hit it,” said Amo warmly as she grabbed Pat’s hand and they started off into the maze.   
     Meanwhile Den, Rosemary, Grega, and Daserus were bellying up to the bar.   And they were drinking Natural Lights and eating out of brown wooden baskets of shrimp, onion rings, and lobster tails.    And they have side orders of whipped potatoes with bacon bits in them and covered with thick country gravy, as well as banana splits and chocolate pudding.
     The bar itself is shaped like a spaceship and has dozens of brown leather floating recliners set up facing out a continuous picture window that looks out over the maze.     As well as having all the sports games and movie channels projected on the same very windows wherever you wanted them.   Each of the chairs use voice activated menus and a robotic red waitress to bring your order within less than a minute.   There are several statues of Mornag Thebas in the center of the bar surrounding the kitchen.   That were hidden behind a black marble wall that is covered with pictures of famous people.
     Mornag Thebas was a Doramoc general renowned for being the, Sailor of the universe, as he trekked ever farter into the void in search of new religions and alien prophets.   He felt an unbelievable urge to find the son of god that could shed light on the questions he could never get concrete answers for like,” where was I before I existed?”   He found a prophet by the name of Pogon Phati on the world of Resis.   And he asked him that very question to which Pogon replied calmly,” You were in a realm of pure insanity and unspeakable horror.    And it lacked the sense of touch, but had an even more powerful sense of a person’s mental pain called Tombasens.   This Tombasens caused you to be on a rollercoaster of emotions from first breath to last.   It wasn’t long before you prayed for enlightenment and you were given your life here.”   Mornag found that the farther he went out into space, the farther there was to go.  And when many of his questions were finally answered he missed not knowing.   And he came up with a final question,” If I am the first person like me that’s ever been, then how can I ever feel whole if I have no chance of ever finding an equal?”    And another prophet replied,” all eggs are different, but all eggs are eggs.”
     “Alright, Den, so what do you think about the two of us sharing a coffin when we kick it?  I only ask ‘cause I thought about doin’ you in,” asked Grega sarcastically as he ate his onion rings and thought about Pat.    And he wondered if he was trying to hit on Amo, but wasn’t threatened.
     “Oh really, is that the way of it.  Well in that case I don’t want your smelly feet in my face.  I say we get a coffin that’s double wide and built for speed.  I needs me breathin’ sleep,” said Den sarcastically as he continued to drink.    While Grega laughed and they watched the 5th inning of the Red Sox Phillies game on the window, with Terponic coming up to bat.
     “Then sleep you shall have, my liege.   I will decree that you and all my loyal subjects will be given large rations of mead and baskets of baked bread.   Then you will have double wide coffins to die like the best of us!” said Grega jokingly and sarcastically in a pompous voice as he lifted the basket of bread up to Den’s face.    And Den sucked in the steam from it and Rosemary and Daserus laughed loudly at this.   While Grega grinned and thought how much smarter than Den he was and he felt full of pride.
     “Then bring poor Den more of said mead, and be not skimpy on the size of said receptacle.  For, Den,  is in dire need of your, royal highness and lowness, of a respite in your court of gold.   On the island of armpit if you wish it and such,” said Den jokingly as he grinned slightly and his eyes glazed over while he felt Grega was making him feel a bit dumb.   Even thou he liked the humor so he let it slide and Grega laughed heartedly and patted Den on the back.     And Daserus and Rosemary were howling with laughter.
     “What about us, your royal pain in assness, where’s our such on the island of armpit?   I thought we were loyal geography is not my favorite subjects!  I need mead and spools of thread to make a hat for my dumb head!  Save me, me majesty of dirty backside, from the oppression of being pushed down by a large man after lunch.   Oh let the bird feather soup flow like insults at a catholic priests barmitzva.  Oh to be soup and oh does it get soupy in pots of liquid,” said Rosemary excitedly and sarcastically as she raised her left hand high and sat forward.    And she looked at Grega and saw he was laughing with a serious face.    And Daserus was nearly choking from laughter and he realized he liked Rosemary’s sense of humor.
     “And I, lord of half eaten mustache, it too does wish to be soup.  And to be buried in cow’s urine while my body is hurled off a rocky cliff.    Because this was my dream of great dreamdom, as a smaller version of myself when I was less obnoxious and more forgiving of road apple has emerged.  Please bequeath me thine endless riches of horse hair sweaters, and possum helmets.  This and only this is this,” said Daserus jokingly and sarcastically as he eyed the last onion ring.    And Daserus thought that Grega ate very loudly and laughed like a bastard, but liked that he was gregarious.
     Rosemary continued to laugh even after Daserus was done talking, as did Den.  Then Rosemary threw a loaf of bread out of a hole in the window in front of her.    And he loaf hit a young boy in the maze right square in the face.   This caused everyone to laugh even harder.  Then after a few minutes of telling jokes Grega ordered massages for everyone.    And 4 masseuses came and started rubbing everyone’s sore muscles.   Out in the maze Pat and Amo had already made it to the elderly woman and she was named Besspo.   And Besspo did have a young face that was very beautiful.  And she had a small well defined nose, ocean blue and yellow eyes, and a mane of long flowing white and blonde hair.    She has on a red velvety dress and a pair of dark brown boots that have the words,” Utopia is hard to find, 4 lefts and a right and your there,” written across the toe of one shoe.    And on the other the words,” Don’t be a party poop, party with soap instead,” written across the toe of the shoe.  She has a shiatsu white dog sitting on her lap as she smiles at Pat and Amo.
     “The story of right and wrong goes like this.  A fool came upon a pile of money sitting at the base of a grassy hill.  He exclaimed, my dreams have been answered thank you powers that be!  Then when he looked down to grab the money, it was gone and he heard god say you thanked the wrong person.  So he shouted out, GOD you are a bastard!  Then he looked down and saw the money at his feet.    And when he reached down to grab it, it turned into a ball of cow manure and god shouted,” you’re right, but at least I’m rich!” said Besspo slyly then Amo and Pat laughed and couldn’t think what to ask her.
     “That was a great story, Besspo, is there any gifts for us here?” asked Amo warmly as she looked at Besspo who was smiling from ear to ear.    And Amo wondered if Besspo was crazy.
     Then Besspo stood up and beneath her sat a large black and blue backpack that has the words,” I run from movement,” written along the side of it.
     “This is for you, and it was worth the wait I assure you,” said Besspo warmly as she lifted up the backpack and handed it to Amo who smiled back at her.
     “Thank you, Besspo, let’s have a look maybe it’s more money or jewels, let’s hope,” said Amo nervously as she opened the top of the backpack.    And Amo saw 5 sets of keys and a dozen gold bars, as well as a red booklet with a black leather cover that has the words,” The world will envy your oyster,” written across the cover in the shape of an eagle.
     “What a hall, those gold bars are worth a fortune, Amo.  What are the keys to?” asked Pat excitedly as he picked up one of the gold bars and it was heavier than he thought.
     “It says we just won a boat, 2 houses, 2 cars, and a new lease on life!   The houses are in New York city and Bar Harbor Maine, right on the ocean!  Holy shit, Pat, we are set for life, can you believe it?” asked Amo excitedly as she became flush and sweaty.    This while Pat could barely stand up as the weight of the situation hit him hard and he started sweating.  
     “Jesus, Amo, our whole future just became that rosy I’d heard tell of.   Boy I can’t believe it.  Besspo, are there more gifts for us in the maze or is this it?” asked Pat anxiously as his thoughts raced and then he wiped the sweat from his forearm with his shirt sleeve.    And Pat looked at Amo who was grinning back at him and she felt overjoyed.
     “There are a few, but the maze doesn’t have an end.  As long as you want to follow your map there will be gifts.  My advice to you is to get the next gift in that cave over there, to help you carry them,” said Besspo happily as she pointed to a small cave set into the ground that was shaped like a gorilla’s head.
     “I say we keep going for a while, Pat.  We’ll never get a chance like this ever again for fuck’s sake,” said Amo sternly and Pat quickly nodded, because he was just as excited as she was.                         
     Then they went over to the cave and walked down inside.  Inside the cave was a vintage Buick LeSabre anti-gravity car that has been restored perfectly and is dark emerald green in color.  It also has the keys in a small leather case on the hood with the words,” You drive it, you own it,” written around the case.   The cave itself is filled with old copies of Rolling Stone magazine from back before the Doramocs destroyed the magazine saying it was,” fucking faggot shit.”  As the Doramocs believed homosexuality was amoral.  They also believed all gays should be killed and if you knew one and didn’t and they found out about it, then you were killed.    As well as one member of your family, and they called it,” The Free Soul Law.”
     “Hey, Amo, we’ve got transportation, nice!” said Pat enthusiastically as he rubbed the hood of the car and Amo laughed.
     “Then let’s transpo and leave the -tation for later,” said Amo slyly then they got in the car and drove off into the maze at lightning speed.
     Back at the bar a few hours later everyone was drunk off their asses and eating a large meatball and cheese Subway pizza,     This while the baseball game ended with a fly ball to Jay Hayweird.   Jay ran full speed towards the centerfield wall with his eye on the ball, but just as he was about to catch it.    He lost it in the sun.  The ball missed his glove and hit him directly in the eye as he smashed headlong into the wall and broke his neck and shoulder.
     “Oh Jesus, not again poor Jay.  Well it had to happen he’s too dumb for his own good.  Who’s drivin’ us home, you belly shots, or you rum and cokes?” asked Den drunkenly and jokingly as he fell out of his seat.    And everyone laughed and then Den said drunkenly and jokingly,” it’s alright I’m just dying slowly call ma, tell her I miss her crumb cake.”
     “We can’t go yet, Den, my snookums and Pat aren’t back yet.  So you’ll just have to man up and help me eat this pizza and gooey cheese,” said Grega slyly as he ate a large slice of pizza.    And Rosemary and Daserus were kissing softly behind them.
     “Fine, Grega, I’ll wait, but only if I can leave right now,” said Den sarcastically as he stood up and squinted as he looked out over the maze.    And Den saw a dark green Buick LeSabre heading towards the bar.    And he double taked it and then asked nervously,” hey there’s some nutjob headin’ right towards the bar.  Should I have gone to church as a child?”
     “What, what the fuck is that guy doin’?  Jesus, he might crash right into us,” said Grega anxiously as the Buick sped right at the bar.
     Then the Buick got within 10 feet and slammed on the brakes and did a power slide.    And Pat and Amo waved out the driver’s side window of the Buick.
     “What’d ya think we were gonna hit ya?” asked Pat happily and jokingly as Amo rubbed his thigh and smiled.     While they each felt Grega could flip out so they had to make him happy before telling him about their relationship.
     “I don’t know, I’m too drunk to be thinking clearly.  Did you guys win anything in the maze?” asked Grega happily as he smiled from ear to ear and suspected nothing.    While Rosemary and Daserus looked at the Buick and grinned hoping they’d won something.
     “We won everything wait ‘til you see it all!  Why don’t you meet us down on the first floor and we’ll show you,” said Amo implying a question as she forced a smile and started to get nervous as did Pat.
     “We’ll see you on the flipside or yeah the ground.  But don’t think we’re sharin’ our pie with ya, it’s taken!” yelled Den happily and drunkenly as he stumbled up to the window.    And he fell out it falling down 2 stories onto a large multi-colored beanbag chair and wasn’t even hurt.
     “Jesus Christ, did that just happen?  Fuck I tried to grab him,” asked Grega in disbelief and shock as he looked down at Den and felt nauseous knowing he could have easily died.    And he felt a strong sense of fear grip him, as he rubbed his head and looked down at Den.    Den rolled over and raised his thumbs up sign and started laughing.
     “It’s alright, Grega, it wasn’t your fault.  He’s hammered for fuck’s sake.  At least he’s safe let’s head down and talk to Amo and Pat, c’mon,” said Rosemary calmly as she gently grabbed Grega’s arm.    And he looked pale and Daserus looked on nervously knowing what could have just happened.
     Then they made their way down to the ground floor.    And Pat had parked the Buick next to Den who was taking a piss against the beanbag.
     “Hey, Den, did you spring a leak?” asked Pat jokingly as he gave Den a push causing him to piss on the beanbag chair and laugh.
     “It weren’t me, it were me love-knob.  I can’t help it the Naty tasted too sweet awoo!” said Den jokingly and sarcastically as he swayed back and forth and then started humming the song“, Sweet home Alabama.” 
     Then Grega looked at Amo and Pat holding hands and knew something was up.
     “You two didn’t do anything stupid out there did ya?” asked Grega sternly as he felt angry and thought the worst.
     “Grega, it’s over, it’s been over for awhile now.   I’ll just say it, I’m in love with, Pat.  He treats me like the woman I am, and you treat me like a possession.  So that’s it, it’s over,” said Amo calmly as she looked at Pat who was looking stolidly back at her.    Then she looked at Grega who was about to burst with anger, as he felt incredibly betrayed and clenched his fist as his face turned red.
     “You fucking pig bitch!  I gave you everything you ever wanted!  Do you really think you can fuck my friend and I’m gonna give you another damn cent, forget it?!” shouted Grega as he glared at Amo and Pat.   While Rosemary held him back and a small crowd of people were watching in shock.
     “I don’t need your money anymore, Grega, or any of the conditions you put on me for taking it.  Remember you’re the one who has to control everyone, not me!  And by the way, Pat, and I are rich now.  We hit it big in the maze, and that car right there is filled with over 15 billion dollars in prizes!    So tough shit I’m over you,” said Amo sharply as she smirked and rubbed Pat’s chest.    And Rosemary and Daserus held Grega back who was about to punch Pat right in the mouth.
     “ She ain’t kiddin’, look at all this moola.  Boy I wish were better friends I’d ask for a loan,” said Den jokingly as he looked in the backseat of the Buick and saw a pile of gold coins, a Picasso painting, and Egyptian artifacts among other things in a duffle bag filled with Kennedy bonds.
     Grega looked at Den and saw that it was true and felt embarrassed that Pat had finally one upped him.  Grega thought about how dumb he was to let Amo go with Pat alone.   Then he stopped trying to get to Pat and realized he didn’t love Amo he had just been with her because it was easy.
     “Alright fine, you want, Pat, Amo, then good luck.  I don’t even care I never loved you anyway I just thought you were hot.  And, Pat, I can’t fault you, you just haven’t had that many girlfriends, but I gotta know if we’re still friends.  Because you and I were great friends for a lot of years, and that has a lot of value to me.  So which is it, Pat?” asked Grega sincerely as he smirked at Pat.    And Grega felt like either way it didn’t matter, because he didn’t really care that much about Pat he just needed someone to make fun of.
     Pat looked at Amo and she smirked and nodded yes, as she knew Pat needed her too.    And Pat felt conflicted, but he knew he could always ditch Grega if he tried anything, because now he was rich.
     “We’re still friends, Grega, but I don’t want, Amo, catching any flack because she chose me.  She’s just following her heart, as am I,” said Pat honestly as he felt torn and wasn’t sure he was ready to break away from Grega.    And Pat rubbed Amo’s forehead as she smiled up at him and mouthed the words,” I love you,” and Pat smiled at this and kissed her softly.
     “You don’t have to worry about a thing, Pat, I’m over it.  How much stuff did you get in the maze anyway?” asked Grega as he hugged Pat and then said,” I love ya man, it’s alright.”
     “I love you too, Grega.  We ah we got a ton of stuff the whole trunk’s full of leather jackets, silk sheets, sunglasses, even a massive holographic TV emitter.  It’ll be fun to put that bad Larry to work,” said Pat as he and Grega walked over to the Buick and looked in the backseat at all the stuff.

                                                                        Chapter 7

                                                                       The Glitch




     Bespero Yates from the planet of Penibone was a well respected theorist and part time writer.    Who had been fortunate enough to write 9 novels in less than 2 years.   His first novel tells the story of a businessman who sells dreams for large amounts of money.   Each person gets to live out the life they would have had if there had only been the time to chase each dream.   It has a scene where a man buys himself the dream of being a messiah.    And he starts speaking randomly of past lives and then he said calmly,” I was me, long longer ago than I’ll ever know.   But that person I walked around as bore no resemblance to who I am now physically, but he was a thousand times me.   And when his triumphs and travails were felt, I feel them now with an unexplainable vigor.  For you see whether or not I ever find myself in the sands of time or the annals of history.   I already know and have already been his friend.  And when the lights go out and a new me arises.  A he walks with these eyes and the same foresight, I know one thing and I know it true…he’d say FUCK YOU, you pricks can’t ya take a joke!  So what if I’m a bastard, what were you my dad?   What’s your fucking excuse?!”
     Bespero wrote many of the Doramocs war strategies and ideas for the distribution of brain washing ideas.    And he got them into the hands of generals and field soldiers.  He wrote about making a man lose his will and anger in battle,” When you look a man in the eye with unyielding calmness.   It sends a kneejerk reaction to his brain that it’s being duped and may need to panic.  Then once you have them panicked do only things that are non-aggressive and he’ll panic even further.  Then when he yields and purports his own calmness by acting nonchalant.   He is able to attack with unbelievable destruction that causes his will to crumble without you having to use very much effort.
     Meanwhile at Pat and Amo’s new home in Manhattan, each of them were eating breakfast as they sat on their balcony looking out over Central Park.   The balcony is shaped like a wooly Mammoth and has a large round bed on the left.  And it has white silk sheets and black and red blankets and pillows.  There is also a full kitchen set up on the right.    And it includes holographic images of each food you were cooking as they would flash red when an item was perfectly cooked.  There are 2 large cigar store Indian chairs with leather recliners set inside the carved out bottom.    And there are the 15 foot high statues that Pat and Amo are sitting in.
     “So you have a big day today, Pat.  You’ve got to go to the, Friends Again Club and help Rocka and Righter with their ultimate deception later,” said Amo happily as she sipped her French vanilla coffee.    And she thought how great the sex that morning was with Pat, as her vocal cords were strained from yelling.
     “Yeah, I’ll be runnin’ steady, but don’t forget me lovely, you’re comin’ too,” said Pat slyly as he grinned at Amo.    And Pat felt very happy that the sex had been so good.    As he hadn’t had sex in awhile and was worried he’s cum very fast, but was able to go for 2 hours.
     “Of course, you think I’d miss out on the adventure that this day is about to become, then you’re dreamin’!  I say we grab our jackets and head out into the world with unmistakable confidence hmm, me Pat,” said Amo playfully as she stood up and walked over to Pat.    And he set down his coffee mug and she kissed him and snuggled in close.
     “I would have it no other way, love o’ my life.   Let’s take the Buick, I like how smooth it drives,” said Pat implying a question as he thought how amazing Amo was and held her close.    And she smiled and then jumped up as he patted her on the butt. 
     “I’m all about the Buick, but what about our two Rolls Royce’s, when will they get to greet the world with a smile?” asked Amo warmly as she pouted at Pat.    Who grinned back at her not feeling totally comfortable driving such an expensive car, but feeling Amo wanted him too.
     Pat thought for a second and then said quickly,” Well, sweet Amo, today and not a day sooner,” said Pat jokingly as he stood up and started dancing with Amo, as she laughed and nodded yes.
     Then they went into the house and into a lavish ballroom slash living room.    And it has white and green marble floors with gold inlays and the words,” To dance with danger can be to miss a step Cliffside, or simply laugh while staring down the barrel of a gun.  But I shave while asking my wife about three-ways.    And wonder why she screams back at me, I knew there was another woman.   It is then I realize that dancing isn’t part of the equation,” written around the head of a wild boar covering the floor.   There are also a pair of Rolls Royce front seats sitting side by side in the room.    With large stuffed animals on them like a Smurf and a Garfield one eating a large Bass.   There are paintings by Picasso sitting in and around a small pool.    As well as a large holographic TV stand made from white marble that has an episode of,” Honest thief,” playing with low volume.
     Honest Thief starred Reng Brando a distant relative of Marlon Brando.    And it centers around a high class thief who steals luxury cars and priceless paintings.    Then uses the money to rebuild his community.  He also pours a lot of his ill gotten gain into building free hospitals and pharmacies for the needy.
     “Oh I love this episode, Amo,” said Pat happily as he stopped to watch Reng giving a homeless man a stack of hundred dollar bills.
     “Is that the one they used for the telethon last month?” asked Amo as she looked at Reng and thought how handsome he was.
     It showed Reng standing next to a dirt covered old man and then Reng said sternly,” You either take this money, or I’m gonna burn it!  So take it right now!”
     Then the bum looked at the money and waved his head no and then said sternly,” I can’t we both know I’d just drink it up in an hour.  You take that money and help someone else.”
     Reng looked at the homeless man blankly and tried not to cry and then said sharply,” You take this fucking money or I’m gonna kill ya!  Take the goddamn wad, TAKE IT!”
     The bum made a motion like he was drinking a bottle of whiskey and then sucked in a wad of snot and spit it against a wall.    And some if it not getting off his lip and then said sharply,” I won’t take it, you little bitch!  Now I told ya I don’t want your fucking money, and don’t you use language with me, you shithead!”
     Then Reng glared at the man and looked around while he kept the money a few inches from the bum’s face.  Then Reng said sternly,” I swear to god, shit for brains, if your ass covered fingers don’t reach up and quick, and grab hold of this prosperity!   I’m gonna put 2 bullets thru the front of your head and out the back of your stupidity!”
     Then the homeless man looked at Reng and knew he was serious.    He eyed the money and said sharply,” I say a fucker like you gets 2 chances to make it right, one get out of my face cause I’ll snort that money if I don’t drink it!   Or two never refer to me in a derogatory fashion again.  Cause if you do, I’m 3 kinds of ugly and fierce right thru my fists!  Now beat it, you jackass!” shouted the bum as he tried to stand up, but fell helplessly into a pile of dog shit face first.             
     Amo and Pat howled with laughter and Amo rubbed Pat’s arm.
     “Oh I love this next part,” said Amo happily as she watched the homeless man wipe the dog shit from his face.
     “Oh that’s disgusting, I’m keeping the money.  Fuck you, you turd ass bum!  I outta beat you to death for even looking at me.  I feel sick,” said Reng in disgust as he started to feel nauseous.   And then Reng ran and vomited down the alleyway, as the bum started masturbating.
     “Oh Jesus that kills me, Amo.  Whoever writes a scene like that should win an award or golf membership,” said Pat joyously as he and Amo laughed hysterically.    And then they started for the Rolls Royce couch.
     Pat moved the stuffed animals off the couch and he and Amo sat down and strapped on their seatbelts.  Then the couch descended down thru the floor and into Amo’s Rolls Royce.    And it came to rest in the front seat of the seal black car.   The car sits in a spacious garage filled with the 2 Rolls Royce’s, the Buick, a pair of Harley Davidson anti-gravity motorcycles, as well as the walls have 6 cases filled with designer clothes and weapons like a Knockout rifle.
     The Knockout Rifle can shoot a thin film over a 30 foot wide area that will shut down the Central Nervous System of any person that breathes it in.  This effect lasts for 30 minutes.  The rifle itself is tan in color and shaped like a Rhino’s head, with 6 large bullets in a gun belt along the side and the words,” I won’t sleep while justice naps.    Instead I’ll be the flicker in the candle that guides the way,” written along the 2 foot long round barrel of the gun.  
     The room also has a pair of helmets that can be worn to see at night or thru thin walls that are called Lasams.   The Lasams are used primarily to navigate while keeping your lights off and look like the head of a Hyena.
     The roof of the Rolls Royce closes and Pat shoots out a doorway that opens up 200 feet above Central Park.   The anti-gravity Rolls Royce shoots forward thru a floating blue tunnel above the park that is used to help the rich residents get to and from without having to worry about traffic.  And it is called the Amus tunnel.
     Amus Swartio was the inventor of the synthetic steak called a Duby that he grew in a test tube.   The Duby has twice the nutrients of a real steak, but with half the fat and all the flavor.  If you hadn’t been told it was a Duby you would never have known.   Amus made the Duby by taking the same genes as a cow and throwing them together with a growth accelerator.    As well as only growing the actual usable meat portion in a sterile environment.   This enraged the cattle ranchers as they lost the bulk of their business, but even groups like P.E.T.A were for it as they said,” if you must eat meat, at least no one died for this meat.”   Amus squandered his unprecedented wealth on high end prostitutes and designer drugs called Cetos.   The drug he claimed gave him unbelievable creativity, but it also led to many poor business decisions.    Like the time he bought the Miami Heat basketball team and its bad debts which numbered in the billions.  All the while he thought if they won the championship he could erase the debts.    But the team failed to make the playoffs for 9 straight years and he lost everything he had.    Dying naked and alone in a ditch out behind the stadium he formerly owned, at the age of 50.
     Pat and Amo emerged from out of the multi-colored Amus.    And they were at the far end of Wall Street only a block from the address they were given.   As they neared they saw the dark blue, orange, and black sign that reads,” Friends Again Club.”    And it is hanging out in front of a 398 story high rise black and gold marble lion shaped building.    And it has 2 large hangar bays in the mouth of the lion.   With a half dozen red BMW anti-gravity security vehicles floating out in front of them that inspect each vehicle before allowing entry.   There is the Beatles song,” Magical mystery tour,” booming out of the lion’s eyes as a set of 10, Air Floaters, flew in front of the building.
     Air Floaters are modern day skydivers only they wear solar powered flying suits with wind riding technology that allows them to continuously fly as long as the suit is charged up.   Each of the arms of the suit will heat and cool air molecules as you dive, that creates a controllable velocity.   Many of the Air Floaters will race each year thru the city in the Goomes race, as it is called.    And it awards a prize of 75 million dollars to the winner, but also awards style points and gives out a shopping spree at Newman Marcus.
     Pat flies towards the hangar bay and as he does several Air Floaters start flying around the car and one lands on the hood.
     “Hey get the fuck off of there, you could scratch the paint!” shouted Pat as he stuck his head out the window and waved his hand as Amo laughed.
     “It’s alright, Pat, we’re rich,” said Amo happily as she rubbed Pat’s arm.    And he realized she was right and stopped shouting.    And he continued flying up to the hangar bay.
     As he did one of the Air Floaters started pissing on the hood of the Rolls.    And Amo laughed while Pat just smiled.
     “It’s New York alright,” said Pat quietly then the Air Floater flew away.    And they flew up to a pair of security guards in red BMW’s and stopped.
     “We need to see your key, sir, or it’s trouble and I mean bad.  Let’s have that key,” said Phil Bacar sharply as he glared at Pat and Amo with a scowl on his face,.   All the while with a knockout rifle in his hands.
     Phil Bacar has dark purple long flowing hair and devilish brown eyes.  His skin is tan and he has a wide square nose and block jaw.  He is 6’5” and weighs 450 pounds of no nonsense.   He has on a white suit and white silk tie, that has the words,” Climb me a story or sing me to sleep.  For I never will regret the company I keep.   But bear this in mind and never do question, I was once a friend and now more a jester,” written along his jacket sleeves in tan thread.  He also has on black and green leather Nike basketball shoes.
     “Yeah, I’ve got it right here.  Just give me a minute,” said Pat anxiously as he reached into his pocket and then produced the key.    And he handed it to Phil and then Pat asked happily,” where do I go when I get inside?”
     Phil examined the key and then inserted it into a dashboard kiosk.    And a dull green light filled his car.    And Phil felt very nervous as Pat’s key was a level one access.    Which meant he has free reign to go to any room in every building owned by the club including the, Hall of Man’s secrets.
     “Anywhere you want, sir.  Your key is level one access so if you want to poke your head in a room cause you’re curious, feel free.   It’s actually frowned upon not to.  There’s your key back, your spot is straight ahead and up to the black marble doors,” said Phil nervously as he handed Pat the key back.    And Phil felt fortunate he didn’t piss Pat off or it could have cost him his job.
     “Thanks we’ll see ya later,” said Pat warmly then he drove into the hangar bay.    And Pat and Amo felt a strange sensation of ego grip them that they couldn’t explain, but they knew they liked it.
     Inside the hangar bay were thousands of small and large kiosks and stalls.   And each has lights triggered by a sensor in your key.   That will light up and lead you directly into your predetermined stall or kiosk.   Pat’s has a holographic bull that appears in front of the Rolls with the words,” Follow me thusly,” blinking above it, as the bull runs thru a 1 mile and a half long tunnel of green marble.  There are luxury cars and trucks driving in and out in every direction.    And Pat and Amo followed the bull, as well as a stiff odor of chicken Alfredo pasta filling the air.
     “Do you believe all this, Pat?  My god this is a whole other world that quite frankly I didn’t know existed.  How did we wind up here is all I can ask myself?” asked Amo in disbelief as she felt overjoyed and excited.    And she watched the bull run and jump into a stall right in front of a large golden shrine.   And there was a statue of Faserisk and a large set of Hercules shaped black marble doors.
     Faserisk is a man conjured up as most saw it to frighten children in the novel,” Lightning Breakfast,” by Midwesterner Jefo Stolle.   Faserisk is a half man half lightning bolt that shoots into a person’s home thru their lightning rod.    And then proceeds to kill their children.  What Faserisk actually is, is what is widely known as a brainwashing technique, where you place a terrifying thought in the mind of otherwise confident children.  You do this only to use that fear against them later in life by having them always think of death when there is a storm.  The technique keeps many people from chasing their dreams and instead they get into the habit of being fearful.   And thus they are unwilling to try new things or do anything risky.    And this in turn means they are limited to only working regular jobs and never advance in life.   The years that passed since Faserisk was introduced found 75 percent fewer part time musicians or wannabe actors.
     There are also a pair of round pit couches of tan leather that encircle a hologram of the movie, Too much nothing.
     Too much nothing is a Bengo Nicholson vehicle picture about a poor coalminer who finds a stash of diamonds on his farm.   The movie failed to find an audience and was lauded by critiques as,” too long past the first 5 minutes,” and,” bordered on a retard’s wet dreams while sedated on cough syrup,” as written by Tim Lions from the online magazine, Told stories.   Bengo’s career faltered after the movie flopped and he ended up selling raisins on his family farm until he became senile in his early 40’s.
     Next to the couches are holograms of blue skinned butlers wearing black t-shirts with the words,” You can’t cast a spell on me, I don’t believe in magic,” and the words,” Does stupid do geniuses, cause I’m horny,” written on one shirt with a picture of Forest Gump on it showing him smiling from ear to ear.  The other butler has the words,” Try being a sandwich for a day, they’ll eat you alive,” written above a smiling piece of apple pie.     
     “We’re here, Amo, because we’ve both suffered.  God is watching and he knows now, was when we needed him.  Boy I can’t wait to check this place out,” said Pat excitedly as he eyed the butlers and smiled, as he parked the Rolls beside them.    And then Pat realized he could finally relax and enjoy his life.
     As they exited the car the two butlers started singing in unison,” Baby’s bottom soft and smelly you’re the king of all you seeeee!  When the rain falls ah so dryally!  You’ll get punched square in the eye, but if you keep your locker clean, then never will you feel the painnn!”
     Then the butlers started doing rapid spins and flailing their arms like a broken windmill.   And Pat and Amo laughed hysterically and clapped their hands.
     “This is heaven, Pat, oh boy did we hit it big,” said Amo happily as she tried not to laugh.   And Pat smiled at her and nodded yes.    And then Pat kissed her as they each felt they were destined to be together.
     Then the butlers abruptly stopped and one said sternly,” I hate to break it to ya, but head inside before they eat all the cake woho.”
     “Cake, I’m all about cake,” said Pat playfully then they walked up to the doors.    And just as they neared, the doors swung inward and revealed a golden and red marble room with diamond encrusted mirrors.   And the mirrors rose up some 50 feet along the left side of the room.    And they were an exact 1 one hundredth scale golden model of New York City that included a diamond studded Statue of Liberty.
     There were little people in golden satin suits standing in a row from one end of the quarter mile long room to the other.     And each of them were wearing exotic pairs of sunglasses like one that uses trick imagery that makes them look like mirrors.   The walls of the room have phrases that each of the members had come up with like,” Dying’s easy, it’s living in sin with a virgin that’s hard,” as well as,” Possibly I’ve definitely done nothing wrong in stealing the unattainable, but you have got to kinda appreciate the lack of effort,” written in tiny green emerald letters in 6 inch boxes.   The ceiling has heart shaped chandeliers filled with newspaper clippings made to look like birds.   And they detail all the crimes the members have perpetrated and never done a day in jail.    Like the one who’d killed a person’s pet pig with a handgun, because he said it smelled like he felt, bad.
     “O.K., Amo, we’re way past heaven now.  This is super-heaven,” said Pat in awe and amazement as he and Amo walked slowly into the room.    And they felt they had hit the jackpot, but were worried about upsetting their karma so they stayed low key.
     Amo looked around and wished Marci Sascas were there.    That way she could stick it to her for all those times Marci used to randomly punch her in the stomach in high school.   Pat wished he’s brought a camera, because he didn’t think anyone would believe him.
     “Well I say, Pat me love of loves, why don’t we just live right here?  I mean it, we could bring over a tent and get that cake we were promised, and live off it for 6 or 7 years?  Ya know cake lasts a long time,” asked Amo sarcastically as she did gentle spins with her arms extended.    And Pat laughed and walked next to her with his hands in his pockets.
     “That’s right, there’s cakes that are centuries old and still taste like pure satisfaction,” said Pat sarcastically as he grinned and tried not to laugh.    And Amo stopped spinning and looked at him aghast.
     “I’ll pure satisfaction you.  I was serious too, that’s it you’re sleepin’ outside the tent for the first month.  And no late night snuggles only early morning,” said Amo playfully and sarcastically as she looked away from Pat who was trying to kiss her.
     “Well the mornings are all I need anyway.  So where is said cake I wonder?” asked Pat sarcastically as he jumped in the air and clicked his heels.  This caused Amo to laugh and when he looked up he saw Peada Gam.
     Peada Gam is a 6’2” inches tall, light blonde haired, vivacious and sultry woman of 30 years old.  She has checkered black and red eyes that dance across your face as she speaks.   Her hair cascades back from her face like a thick wave of blonde smoke.  She has a long thin nose with a tiny pair of bumps on the bridge.   She also has on a white t-shirt that reads,” I’m not laughing at you, you’re just a joke,” and has a picture of Jack Nicholson in the movie,” As good as it gets,” throwing the dog down the garbage shoot beneath it.   She also has on a pair of dark blue skin tight spandex pants.    And a pair of 4 inch white heels with the phrase,” Don’t mess with Texas, ‘cause Delaware’s kickin’ its ass!” sewn down the sides in thick black thread.
     “Hey, ah look the cake is this way if you two cake eaters and joke tellers want some.  That said clothing is mandatory unless the option is taken,” said Peada jokingly as she smirked at Amo and Pat.   And they were startled to see her.
     “I like clothes, clothes work for me.  And, Pat, here needs his nuggets covered or he’ll traumatize young boys with his cheer size and girth.   I’m not kidding we’re talkin’ about a tube steak here,” said Amo half jokingly as Pat grabbed his crotch and coughed loudly.   And Peada smiled and didn’t let on, that she was told not to laugh at anything that was said by Pat and Amo by the club’s president Jaramie Bone.
     “Yeah, yeah that’s great.  Follow me please, thank you, and amen for light beer,” said Peada dryly as she walked between two of the little people.    And then Peada walked past the Statue of Liberty and up into a concaved section of the wall.             
     Then Peada kissed a golden face of a werewolf and it slid into the wall revealing a purple half moon shaped doorknob with the words,” We warned you, but who’ll warn us when you snap,” written above it. Peada grabbed the handle and twisted it to the right and then pulled it out of the wall.   And as she did the wall swung upward and revealed a spiral staircase of white marble and golden circles on each step.  And it had the words,” Proud perfect, but never in daylights’ embrace,” written inside each circle.
     “We’re really moving down in the world,” said Pat jokingly as he and Amo followed Peada down the steps.    And Peada fought the urge to laugh, but couldn’t.    And she laughed briefly before catching herself with Amo noticing this and thinking something was up.
     “Boy it’s boner in here.  Are we going in the right erection?” asked Amo sarcastically causing Peada to cover her mouth with her hands as she tried in vain not to laugh.    This while they walked down the stairs and Pat laughed and then Amo asked,” is there some reason you’re not supposed to laugh?”
     Then Peada smirked and knew she was caught and said softly,” Yes, they told me to keep you off balance until we got to the Jesau center.”
     “What is the Jesau center?” asked Pat intently as they came around a corner and into a massive underground circus tent.  And it t has baby white elephants walking around, acrobats flying thru the air, and dozens of booths filled with games.    As well as a shark shaped white cake that has red ice cream eyes and the words,” We knew it was you, but who are you?” written on the base of the cake.
     There are 50 black leather recliners set up around the shark cake.   And they each have holographic TV’s and a bubble of music surrounding the person sitting there.   There are robots moving around the room bringing meals, drugs, and alcohol to all the members, as well as giving deep tissue massages.   The walls of the tent have the words of Spoonem Lorod that include,” I never asked why you hated me until the moment I hated you, but I knew in my heart it was pity.   Not pity for me, but a lack of pity or real sympathy for yourself.     And pity for others in the world that all of you shared.  It was this trait that you possessed in spades that left me feeling we could never be friends.   Only now that I’ve left you behind a wall of regrets, I can see we were the same.”
     Spoonem Lorod is a homeless man who has been spit out by the world for his unyielding honesty.  When asked by his girlfriend if he loved her he replied,” I just love your ass.”  And she dumped him and he got kicked out of their apartment.   When asked if he was stoned when he went to work that same day he said curtly,” Aren’t I always.”   To which he was fired and denied his last week’s wages citing breaking of McDonald’s substance abuse policy.   Then he found himself at a friend’s apartment that night and when his friend asked him why he was his friend he replied,” So I can steal your stash and borrow money from you.”   To which Spoonem was kicked out and found himself living on the street.  He soon became mentally ill without his medication and set about panhandling.   As he did this he wrote a 7,000 page novel that detailed all of his beliefs about the world.    And it lacked any real plot, but contained the now famous passage,” Take a smart man or a smart woman and give them time to sit and stir and an artist of note is born.  To date nary a fool will shout out these people as failures, as even they know they won’t be for long.”
     “What do you think it is, ya burnout?  I’m Lar Famrence head of the festivities community.  Go ahead and get yourself a mouthful of cake before it’s a mouthful of blood and teeth.  Just kiddin’ ya buddy,” said Lar quickly as he patted Pat on the arm and flashed a goofy grin.   And Pat and Amo laughed as they didn’t know what to think.
     Lar Famrence has dark red curly short hair that is gradually longer from the bottom to the top.  He also has a thick curly red beard that hides his high cheekbones.    As well as he has a small downturned nose and large straight overly white teeth.  He is 5’9” and weighs 156 pounds with broad shoulders.  He has on a yellow sport coat, white cotton dress shirt, and red tie with the words,” To ear is human, I’ve got two,” written along the length of it.    As well as a pair of white satin pants and tan leather running Reebok sneakers.
     “Hey, Lar, I’m Pat that’s the beautiful, Amo, nice to meet you,” said Pat warmly as he shook Lar’s hand.    And Lar shook his head yes and grinned and Pat felt uncomfortable and grinned back at him.
     “It is isn’t it, I haven’t met me lately, but it doesn’t mean I haven’t tried.   God its’ breezy in here, the wind feels like it’s gonna break,” said Lar coyly then he ripped a loud raunchy fart that echoed thru the tent and smelled terrible.    And Lar had been eating beans and cheese sandwiches all morning hoping a new member would happen along.    And then Lar asked sarcastically,” should we close some windows?  I wasn’t sure quite honestly, if you could taste my prostate.”
     Then Amo and Pat laughed very hard.    And Peada went over to the shark cake and started cutting slices out of head.
     “Yeah, you need to eat more cheese.  And maybe even vats of baked beans.   ‘Cause I still have to fantasy about the last 4 inches of your inner intestine.  But that said, how weird would it be to never find out, hmm?” asked Amo sarcastically as she grinned and Pat and Lar laughed loudly.   And Peada walked up with 3 slices of cake.   And then Amo said sarcastically,” quick, Lar, there’s still usable air, scarf down some cake, ya burnout.   Hey everybody Lar just shit us a sad song in A minor who wants to play mandolin?” asked Amo sarcastically in a loud voice.    And Pat howled with laughter and Lar started eating his cake very fast like he was doing what she said.
     “Ya know, Amo, there aren’t many women I’d consider my equal.  And damn it, there aren’t,” said Lar jokingly as he smirked and caught Amo off guard.    And then she laughed and Lar said warmly,” well why don’t we get the excitement going.  I apologize it’s a bit of a slow day.”      
     Then Amo looked around at all the chaos in the tent and thought that he was crazy.   Pat looked around and felt an endless glee.   He thought he’d made it to a place he knew was out there, but he also knew it wouldn’t find him.    He had to go out and get it.
     Then into the room came a dozen flaming robots that shot blue flames out of the top of their heads and shouted,” You will all die like the bastards you are!  Meet your maker fools!”
     “Jesus, Pat, what do we do?” asked Amo frantically as she looked for a way out.   All this while Pat stood calmly and knew it was some type of rouse.
     “Amo, we’ll wait ‘em out.  Look at, Lar, he’s not going anywhere, see,” said Pat calmly as he pointed to Lar who was calmly eating cake.  And Lar did this as the robots raced after people as flames shot high up in the tent.
     Amo looked at Lar quizzically.    As a trio of ten foot long and 6 foot high mega-motorcycles, with loud anti-gravity engines and orange flame throwing mufflers raced into the room.  Their riders screamed like they were on the verge of death.    And they started blasting flaming bullets thru the walls of the tent that lit it on fire.   The elephants ran right thru a hole in the tent’s walls followed by everyone else.
     “You sure about that, Pat?  I say we run for it,” pleaded Amo as she felt very nervous and looked at the chaos.    While Pat still stood there only now he folded his arms and smiled.   And he did this while he watched Lar quietly eating his cake.
     Then the mega-motorcycles raced right at Pat and Amo and started firing flaming bullets over the tops of their heads.
     “Amo, I think it’ll all work out.    Let’s get a bit of beer from that fridge over there,” said Pat happily and calmly as he gave Amo his arm.    And Pat and Amo started for a black marble gargoyle’s head shaped refrigerator behind the table with the shark cake.    Where Lar sat back in his recliner as the tent quickly vaporized from the flames.  
     While the last of the tent burned and the smoke was sucked out of the room.   And what was revealed was a massive library that was 30 stories high and a mile long.     And it has bowed shelves filled with every great book and secret book ever published.    There are thousands of cubby holes filled with lockers and mini living rooms every so often in between the books.   Each of the rooms are equipped with full bars, hot tubs, kitchens, bedrooms, and large holographic TV stands showing any movie you wanted from a massive library of films that included, Again with ceiling.
      Again with ceiling, is about an out of work director whose life collapses when he’s blacklisted by all the major movie studios.  This happens after he’s caught having sex with a Terrier and a vat of grape jelly at a local eatery in L.A.   The director then finds he was framed by a rival director who drugged his lunch.    And this set the director Hemran into a sexual fury.   It starred Richard Streep the great, great grandson of Meryl as the director.  Richard had been quoted as saying of acting,” I have no ability to ever not be acting or using my mind in creative ways in my daily life.  So I might as well get rich, famous, and hopefully notorious for it.”
     Pat opened the fridge and grabbed two Heinekens and handed one to Amo.
     “So I take it you’re one cool customer, Pat?” asked Lar slyly as he stood up and made a cut motion.  And this told the Mega-motorcycles to leave.    And a wry smile came across his face as Pat and Amo opened their beers.
     “Yeah, I’d keep the tropics snowbound year round if I lived in their vicinity.   How ‘bout you, Lar, ya feel your nerves creepin’ up on you in times of stress and strife?” asked Pat slyly as he knew that Lar was somebody important in the club and this was an initiation.    All this while Amo started to think the same thing and fought off a smile.    And she put her arm around Pat’s waist.
     “Not even slightly, alright then let’s get down to business.  My name is actually Jaramie Bone and I am the president of the Friends Again Club, which you probably already deduced,” said Jaramie slyly as he implied a question and Amo and Pat smiled.
     “We knew you were somebody.  You were just too cocky,” said Amo happily as she grinned at Lar.   And he laughed and then motioned for them to follow him, as he started down the aisle of books.
     They walked 30 yards and came to a cubby hole on the left with the words,” I only regret my concerns,” written above the doorway leading in.    And they stopped for a second and then Lar jumped inside and Amo and Pat laughed.
     “This is yours now, so feel free to inspect it more closely at a later time.  Now remember your locker needs to be clean, as well as your personal hot tub at all times.  And if you do not adhere to this rule, you’ll get a good hard punch in the mouth every day it isn’t.  Ah I love it,” said Jaramie softly as he sat down on a brown leather chair and let out a sigh.    And he looked around and thought how lucky Pat and Amo were to have this room.
     The room itself is 75 feet long and has 15 foot high white crystal segments mixed with navy blue squares covering it.  There is a 10 man hot tub in the back that is in the shape of a dolphin.    And it has cushioned backs to each seat, as well as a built in beer cooler and snack dispenser.   In the front of the room there is a raised up living room with a lion shaped plush golden couch.  And you can sit on it and have someone lay on it at the same time.   This is because it is 20 feet long and has a twisted section in the center.   There is a guitar shaped table in front of the couch that has touch holographic controls to run all the electronics.  And they include among other things a pain spray that releases a mild pain medication into the air that makes you instantly euphoric.   There is a large canoe shaped bed in the bedroom in the middle section of the room.    And it has a Temperpedic red mattress and soft crushed velvet blue pillows at the head of the bed.  There are a dozen racks of Dadca soda pop that line the bedside table.  
     Dadca soda pop is made from water from beneath the planet Bapi.  And it has the ability to turn on the remainder of a person’s unused mind and make them instant geniuses.   It does this by reengineering their DNA and their frontal lobes.    To constantly be firing images and ideas throughout the brain even if the person is unaware of this happening.   By doing this is it is the equivalent of a brain steroid.  It is rumored the Dadca is filled with a highly evolved microorganism that can thrive in a brain cell.
     “We will make sure it is always spotless, Jaramie, if that is your real name,” said Amo playfully as she flopped down on the couch.   And so did Pat who felt the room suited him completely.
     “Oh you are incorrigible, you’re a lucky man, Pat,” said Jaramie slyly as he chortled to himself.   And Amo let out a playful sigh and then Pat smiled.
     “Oh I know and she can dig a ditch too.  And knows her way around the kitchen she’s always sayin’, it’s 2 lefts to the refrigerator and 1 right to the sink,  and a quick jog to the fertilizer pantry!   Aren’t you, Amo?” asked Pat sarcastically as Jaramie laughed and Amo gently punched Pat in the arm.
     Jaramie looked over at Pat and Amo.    And then he stood up and quickly said sternly,” There are many places in our building to explore.   And every major sports team has luxury seats for our members…” said Jaramie before Amo interjected.
     “You’re kidding, even the Red Sox?!” asked Amo in disbelief as she looked intently at Jaramie and Pat perked up.
     “Oh god yes, every stadium in the world!   Just show them your key at any back entrance and it’s all taken care of.    But I wanted to tell you that you might want to become readers.   There’s more here than can be fathomed at one sitting.   We have a secret log of everything Tom Cruise did in the twelve years before he was famous.  It includes conversations he had with girlfriends and friends.    And you would howl with laughter at what a brat he was.  It was all recorded by the F.B.I,” said Jaramie proudly as he walked towards the bedside table and Amo and Pat followed.
     “Who the hell is Tom Cruise, was he a politician?” asked Amo anxiously as she squinted at Pat.  And Pat didn’t know either and Jaramie stopped in his tracks and scowled at Amo.
     “Top Gun, Risky Business, HELL-OOO  movie star?   O.K. maybe it’s before your time, we’ll talk about it later.   But for now I want you each to drink one of these.   Trust me you’ll be glad you did,” said Jaramie happily as he picked up 2 Dadca soda pops.    And then he handed them to Pat and Amo who inspected the Dadca’s.    And they thought it odd that he would ask them to drink something, but felt comfortable because they were unopened.
     “What are you tryin’ to poison us?” asked Pat half-jokingly as he opened his Dadca.    And Amo laughed nervously as she was thinking the same thing as what Pat had just said.  Then she opened hers too and Jaramie grinned sternly back at them.
     “I already tried that with the cake.  Go ahead for Christ’s sake I’m trying to help you.  If it makes you any more comfortable, I’ll drink that one you’re holding, give it here,” asked Jaramie as he grinned and was a little frustrated they wouldn’t just drink them.
     “Alright, here you go,” said Pat slyly as he quickly handed Jaramie the Dadca.    And Amo laughed, because she knew that Jaramie could be full of shit., and that Pat had used his stern tone against him.   Because they both knew Jaramie wasn’t going to be impolite and make a big deal out of Pat not wanting to drink the Dadca.         
    Then Jaramie smiled and looked at Pat and Amo.   And he nervously raised the can to his mouth as he was trying to dupe them into thinking he was actually going to poison them.   Then Jaramie drank a little of the Dadca and quickly spit it out.    And he threw the can against the wall and shouted,” I’m fucking dying!  Holy shit you killed me you bastards!  Help somebody fuckin’ help me!”
     Amo and Pat looked at Jaramie in shock and thought he was trying to kill them.   Then Jaramie stopped shouting and nonchalantly grabbed Amo’s Dadca and opened it by ripping off the top.    And then he shouted,” I don’t care if I die!”
     Then he downed the Dadca as Amo and Pat looked on in horror.    And then slowly they started to realize something was amiss.   Amo looked at Pat who was grinning and then she knew she was right.    And she sauntered over to the bedside table and grabbed 2 Dadca’s.   And then walked back over to Pat and opened them.    And as she did and handed one to Pat, Jaramie convulsed on the bed and then Amo said coyly and sarcastically,” Oh god don’t die on us, Jaramie, we need years to get to know you and loath your very existence first.”
     Then they each started drinking the Dadca’s and felt a rush of blood shoot to their heads.    And they had to sit down on the bed next to Jaramie.    Jaramie looked at them and said reassuringly,” Don’t worry it will aid you for the rest of your lives.  Just lay down.”
     “That’s what my 3rd grade teacher said when she handed me my ruler.   She also said it was good to measure things with.  Boy did I get duped,” said Pat quietly and sarcastically as he blinked his eyes repeatedly and let out sighs.  All this while he put his hand on Amo’s chest and she was sweating and breathing heavy.    Jaramie tried not to laugh, but was he relishing the moment and had a wide smile on his face.
     Then suddenly the effects of the Dadca wore off and Amo jumped to her feet and yelled,” God dammit I don’t need another hassle like that, Jaramie!”
     “Me neither, I don’t care if that just permanently cleansed my colon, keep your gifts to yourself, whowee mama kins,” said Pat excitedly as he danced around the room.    And Amo joined in and Jaramie laughed as he knew what it felt like the first time you drank the Dadca.
     Then Amo started running around the room and she darted out into the library and shouted,” My mind is on fire and I love it!  I owe you one, Jaramie, but not one because I counted the cake!” shouted Amo as she ran past a cubby hole that had an old silver haired man in a white undershirt finishing up a shave.   And she stopped abruptly and said sarcastically” yoooou missed a spot, there’s still hair on your ass!”
     Pat and Jaramie ran after her and Pat yelled,” Amo, we’ve still got to go to Grega’s party remember!”
     Then Amo slid on her shoes for a few feet and it made a loud shrieking sound.    This caused all the other members to poke their heads out of their rooms.    And Amo nodded and smiled at them nervously.   And then she turned and ran back over to Pat.
     “You’re right, let’s hit it already how many times do I have to ask you?” asked Amo sarcastically as she grabbed Pat’s arm.   And then they ran off waving to Jaramie who was smiling at them.
     Then Amo and Pat made their way back to the hangar bay.   They hopped in the Rolls and set off for Gimothy’s restaurant.
     Meanwhile Grega, Daserus, Den, Rosemary, Rocka, and Righter are at Grega’s Townhouse, as they went over the last of the plan in the video arcade slash dining room.
     The room has 2 levels with on one level having an expansive video arcade that has 90 games set up in a pair of circles.   And it includes the game,” Horse and other misnomers,” with there being the ability to sit right in each of the games and use 3D and holographic visuals.
     Horse and other misnomers, is an adventure game where you play a handsome movie actor.  And he has his head changed to that of a horse by an evil scientist named Dr. Medasin.  Then the actor with the horse head named Pob Gotup, has to seek out a healer in the Resom mountains.   Before Dr. Medasin turns the whole human race into animal heads that can barely walk and talk.   Pob starts out at a bartering fair as he tries to get a vehicle to drive up the mountain.   And there are dozens of merchants trying to free him of all of his money.    As they think he’s an idiot with a horse head.
     The walls of the video arcade have the image of a man on fire diving thru a hole in a lake with the caption,” Danger is everywhere, but finding a way thru can be even more dangerous.”   The dining room has several red leather chairs set up facing towards a round center.  And there are black tables set up that will slide in close to you when you sit down and put your food on them.   There are also a series of statues of Agisi P. Tloor lining the right wall.
     Agisi P. Tloor was and is the,” Symphony of all musical desires,” as he was referred to by music writer Bess Dage.   He is one third of the rock band Em Cool Riding.    And he plays lead guitar with 6 fingers as he was born with an extra digit.   His blistering solos and unmatched new blues riffs made the point that no one would ever play the guitar better than he did.   He wrote one song titled,” Give me what I stole back.”    And it talked about all the old bluesmen who had their blues riffs stolen by rock and roll bands like Led Zeppelin.     And then never received a royalty check or even a token of gratitude from those no talent bands.   The song proceeds to create a dozen new blues riffs.  And they are borrowed from no one and created solely by Agisi.    And he knew people would be stealing these blues riffs for a hundred years.   But he didn’t care, because he knew that they couldn’t write them and were all false idols.   Agisi lives in an artist retreat and only comes out to destroy and dominate the pop charts every 4 years, but many of his albums and singles rarely leave the top 40.
     “Hey, Grega, when do we get the Swedish porn?  My balls are way past blue quick save me, Rosemary,” said Den jokingly and sarcastically as he danced up to Rosemary and flexed his muscles.   Meanwhile Rosemary laughed and Grega continued eating a large strawberry Danish.
     “As soon as they make one!   All’s I have are me and three hairless bears from last year’s hunting trip.  Boy did it get weird after the 4 hours of sex, when they tried to borrow 1500 dollars from me.  And I had to tell ‘em me no roll that way.  Get the fuck away from me,” said Grega sarcastically in an old man’s voice as everyone laughed.   And then Grega threw his Danish at the trash can and he missed and said warmly,” So I missed it so what.  Alright, Righter, what’s the last part of the street maneuver?” asked Grega coyly as he tried to see if he could kill Righter’s confidence by asking him a dumb question.   But Righter knew what he was doing and didn’t immediately answer him.    And they all sat in the red leather chairs and ate.
     “We have everything covered including the exit.    Which is thru the Gimothy’s kitchen down the stairs to the underground hallway.   Where, we’ll have our lab technician waiting to begin testing the Doramoc flesh.  Look there are a million things that can go wrong with this plan, but if any of you feel in danger just fucking run for it.  It’s not worth your life, but if we pull it off it will save us all,” said Righter firmly as he drank his cup of espresso.   And then Righter smiled at Rocka who smiled back as she ate a chocolate sundae.
     “So you’re saying if death be a knockin’, say nobody home.  I got ya, so why don’t we head on over?   This breakfast tastes like shit anyway?” asked Den slyly as he stood up and grabbed a dark brown mahogany pipe filled with marijuana.    And he started lighting it up as Rosemary looked at him and shook her head.    As she thought he was an idiot for smoking pot.
     “Den’s got a point that doesn’t involve his usual haze, so I say we listen and head over,” said Rosemary slyly as she looked at Den.    And he blew smoke rings at her and everyone got up out of their seats.    Then they gave a quick nod yes and started to gather up their things.
     They grabbed a taxicab and shot across town at lightning speed.   They rode into where Washington Park was.    And they could see Gimothy’s just down the street from it.  Gimothy’s is a curbside open air restaurant that borders the park.  It has 70 green velvety cushioned chairs set up on a floating disc with a purple leather table set up in the center of the disc.   You could buy entrees from inside its glass case and it had a touch screen to order your meal.   Each of the entrees are hot and on large plates.   And they include among other dishes a smoked beef and cheese burrito that is only 150 calories, but is a foot in length.   Each of the discs can rise up 15 feet and have views over the second level of the park’s foliage, which includes a theater.   The front of the restaurant has the face of Gimothy Torntub smiling over his now famous quote,” I almost took a nap on my atom bomb, but was awoken by a giant explosion fortunately,” written beneath it in swirling red and green letters.
     Gimothy Torntub is the originator of the publicity stunt and other worldly pranks that have gotten him into a lot of hot water over the years.   It included the one where he filled the ice maker at Police headquarters with a powerful diarrheic.   Meanwhile he paid 17 people to clog up their bathrooms with crap.   Then when the mad dash for the bathroom began he called in a string of robberies with only half of them fake.  He and his friends made off with over 10 million dollars in gold watches and diamond pendants.   He used the money to finance his restaurant.   And he has been walking the straight and narrow ever since.
     The taxicab pulled up in front of Gimothy’s.    And everyone got out and took a look around at all the paid pedestrians and thought how exciting this was.  Then Gimothy walked up to Rocka and said warmly,” We’ve got your table, Rocka, if you’re still hungry.”
     Gimothy Torntub is 5’6” and weighs only a bit short of 150 pounds.  He has blonde long hair that is curly and shoots back off his large forehead from a window’s peak.   He has a small nose and thick full lips.   As well as tan skin with a tattoo of Elvis and the words,” I’m takin’ care of business, I sell 4 kinds of ugly at half price,” written around Elvis on his forearm.  His hands are large with large square knuckles.   And he has wide feet that cause him to have to wear a size 12 shoe.  He has on a black silk suit and a pair of orange round sunglasses.    As well as Gucci shoes with golden pointed tips that have the image of a sword engraved on them.
     “Always, Gim, but are we making my favorite dish today?” asked Rocka coyly as she hugged Gim and she smiled.                 
     “It’s all ready, we only need the sirloin and we’ll dine a thousand times.  Let’s head inside for a minute I want to show you all something we’ve added,” said Gim coyly then he started thru a red barn door the size of a doghouse that swung inward.  And he was closely followed by everyone.
     They walked down the golden brick path to the silver front doors.  And they were shaped like a Faberge egg and lead directly into the lounge.   They walked past the mist sprayers and everyone felt the cool water.    And they knew what would later be coming out of them.    And they had to keep themselves from smiling.
     Inside there are 2 large white cotton covered couches propped up facing out the front windows.    And they have 4 brief black steps leading up to them.   They also have a touch screen built into the small table in front of them.  And you could order meals, make phone calls, or surf the web or even send Triendsas to people.
     Triendsas are a digital or in some cases holographic avatar child that you raised from infancy anyway you wanted.   And then each of these children can look exactly like you or even a hideous monster depending on what you created.   You also decide the level of education they receive, as well as the way they would speak as well as their sense of humor.  Then you can trade or sell your Triendsa at any age for unlimited amounts of actual money or for goods and services.  Then the new owner can force their Triendsa to do whatever they want.    As they live in the holographic world of Pasiom.    But for most of the owners it also carried real world implications.    As they signed up to have themselves become Pagig, as it was called, or have their lives dictated to them dependent upon the success or actions of their Triendsa.  In many cases Pagigs found their poor producing Triendsa led to financial ruin even death by hanging.  But the game had become so popular that there soon became 2 types of people the Pagigs and regular people.    With the Pagigs having secret languages and code words that only they used to identify one another.   Like of you said Rollum and then if they didn’t smile and say,” no pennies today, but thanks!”   You knew they were Pagigs and it even meant they were more powerful if they were privy to different caveat responses.  
      The rest of the lounge has different minimum movement workout machines.   And they would counter every move you did with whatever level of resistance those muscles could handle at the time.  There are paintings on the walls of a rabbit chasing a mouse, with a lion chasing the rabbit, with a short bulbous man aiming a gun at the lion with the caption,” Only the smart survive the strong and the brave.  God bless my Westchester,” written beneath the mural.  There is a pair of red wooden shinny rotisseries set up between the kitchen and the lounge.  And they continually have waitresses picking up orders and bringing them outside.
     “Follow me up, we’ll be safe to talk up here,” said Gin as he walked up the brief steps to the white cotton couches, with everyone close behind.
     They all sat down on the 2 couches.    And looked out the 2 way windows to the street and had to smile.
     “O.K., Gim, what’s the chances a Doramoc finds his way directly here today?  Because this plan is dependent upon said sirloin o’ Doramoc finding his or her way here,” asked Rocka as she looked out and saw Doramocs walking right by and she felt frustrated.    This while everyone else thought how cool the whole thing was and eyed each Doramoc that came close.
     “Well very good, we’ve had many of them come in here in the past.  I’d say within an hour it happens,” said Gim as he pointed to a small Doramoc woman who was slowly walking by.   And Gim felt his heart race as he desperately hoped she’d come in to impress Rocka. and then said calmly,” that one there seems interested, but like most women she can’t commit.”
     “Oh me’s disagrees, it’s fair, Rosemary, who won’t commit to Den’s total sexual enslavement.  Daserus, how do you put up with such a thing?” asked Den sarcastically as everyone laughed except for Rocka.    And Righter smiled and continued watching the Doramoc as he read a holographic menu on the outside of the gate.
     “One blowjob at a time, but at least she knows how to tickle my nipples with her purple tickler while she’s doin’ it.   I was just kiddin’ ya, babe, I love ya with your clothes on,” said Daserus jokingly as Rosemary elbowed him.    And everyone laughed as Rosemary felt a bit embarrassed.    And she started to plot ways to get him back while smiling to herself.
     Then Gim looked and saw the Doramoc walk off and he felt let down.  Then up strode Amo and Pat wearing matching dark blue velvet fedoras.  Grega saw them and stopped smiling as he was still a little pissed.  Amo and Pat looked around to see if they were at the right place.   And Rosemary spotted them and said excitedly,” Hey they finally showed up!”
     “Who showed up, ‘cause I don’t see anybody?” asked Grega coyly as his eyes darted around the people outside.  This as Rosemary stood up and pointed and laughed.
     “It’s, Amo, and, Patty boy!   You, floor cleaner at a strip club Grega, I’m going out to talk to them wait here,” said Rosemary happily then she hurried off the couch.    And then she jumped down the stairs nearly colliding with a waitress, who spontaneously laughed and clutched her tray.
     Then Rosemary ran outside and up the path hoping to catch them off guard.  Then she ran and jumped over the barn door and shouted sarcastically and angrily,” We don’t serve your kind here!  Try the porn shop!”
     This startled Pat and Amo who looked at Rosemary and their eyes grew wide.   And they laughed at Rosemary as she hugged the two of them.
     “Rosemary, I thought they only let you out of the insane asylum on weekends?” asked Pat sarcastically as Rosemary hugged him tightly and then let go and laughed.
     “They give me jello and men’s underwears on Fridays too,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she grinned at Amo.   And Pat chuckled and then Rosemary said warmly,” we need to talk more, but we should head inside and meet up with our amigos.”
     “What, the Garcia gang has escaped prison again!   OH NO hide Amo’s tits!” said Pat sarcastically as he put his hands in front of Amo’s breasts.    And Amo looked around nervously, as Rosemary laughed and thought how handsome and cute Pat was being.    Then she pushed the thought out of her mind.
     Then Rosemary grabbed Pat’s hand.    And she pulled him behind her into the restaurant with Amo close behind.  As they entered everyone looked over and smiled.
     “Good to see you, Pat, the world is about to change so find a place to gander.  I’ve got mine,” said Den slyly as he put his feet up on the table.    Then he made a sound like 10 bubbles bursting quickly and everyone laughed.    While Gim stood up and walked up to Pat and Amo.
     “Nice to meet the two of you I’m Gim and this is my place,” said Gim warmly as he shook each of their hands.    And he thought how out of town the two of them felt, which meant they were from a place that made them unique in the city.
     “I’m Amo and the one with half a tooth is, Pat.  He only speaks when I poke him with a hot iron poker,” said Amo slyly and sarcastically as she smiled at Gim.    And Pat shook his head yes and Gim laughed.
     “I must admit it, because it is the only way I can travel from my dream world of Hlaswa to what you’d call Earth,” said Pat sarcastically as Gim laughed.   And Pat felt they were becoming friends.   Meanwhile Amo looked out the window and saw a massive strawberry blonde haired 19 foot Doramoc man in a dark green dress suit.  He was named Foru and he milling about in front of Gimothy’s smoking a long cigarette. 
     “Hey we’ve got action on the western front over here, Gim!” yelled Grega as he stood up and waved his arm for Gim to come over.   And then Grega smiled as it gave him a chance to ignore Amo and ingratiate himself with Gim.
     “Really, let’s hope this one’s dumb enough to bite the hook.   I put a special dish called Clatz on the menu that the Doramocs all love that is served on their home world,” said Gim excitedly as Foru read the menu and then suddenly started to walk off.    And everyone gasped, but then he turned back around suddenly and bumped into one of the fake pedestrians.
     Foru got pissed at this and grabbed the black haired man.    And then he tossed him up against the fence and Foru shouted,” Get the fuck off my street you peasant!”
     “Jesus did ya see that?” asked Grega nervously as he eyed Foru as he walked towards the man he’d just thrown.   And the man was named Henry and Henry shot at Foru and pulled a blade from his belt.   And Henry tried to sink the blade in Foru’s stomach.
     Foru saw this and with his lightning quick reflexes grabbed Henry’s arm and broke it clean off.   Then he tossed his arm against a police officer on horseback.    And it hit the cop sending him head over end onto a woman on a passing bicycle.   The two hit the ground hard with the cop breaking his lip, and the woman fracturing her cheekbone.
     Henry howled with agony as blood gushed out of his arm and Henry shouted,” You fucking asshole!  I hope you burn!”
     “Wrong answer, let’s try another one,” said Foru snidely as he smiled and then hauled back and kicked clean thru Henry’s chest.    This sent parts of his body flying upward while his torso and legs fell helplessly to the ground.
     “That one’s an absolute monster to be sure.  Let’s hope it’s not him that decides he’s hungry,” said Righter nervously as he started to sweat.  And everyone looked on in horror as Foru started wiping the blood off his foot and leg with a brown haired woman’s dress.   And he laughed hysterically and the paid pedestrians started to get nervous themselves.   This while Grega actually thought it was kinda cool.
     “What a lovely pair we are.  Me with my good looks, and you with my good looks.   Can say we didn’t find a romantic way to fall in fuck,” said Foru snidely as he wiped off the last of the blood.    And the woman averted her gaze and he laughed loudly.    Then he slapped her ass and said condescendingly,” go get yourself a life and get off my sidewalk.”
    The woman hurried away.   And Foru walked into Gimothy’s and grabbed the barn door and flung it to the far end of Washington Square Park.   And Foru tilted his head to the side and laughed menacingly.
     “Isn’t that a hot cup of Joe in your early morning face.   Boy I thought only face fuckers got nailed that hard,” said Den jokingly as he fought back a smile knowing he was about to laugh.   And then Den laughed and Gim looked out the window.   And Gim felt annoyed that his door was gone, but also fearful Foru was heading for a table at his restaurant.
     “Alright look, it‘s show time.  Let’s have him order first to set him at ease, but also you want the street team continually herding Doramocs away.    Like that fucker right there.  Jesus we have no luck!” said Righter in exasperation as a second Doramoc was heading down the sidewalk towards the restaurant.    And everyone looked at this in shock.
     “There’s still a good chance the street team gets him.  Let’s just relax for a second,” said Rocka calmly as she watched the other Doramoc named Pead get funneled out into the street by a dozen people.  And they impeded his direction just enough to force him to cross, as Rocka had to grin.
     Then Pead got herded further out in the street by now 30 people who wanted to cross.  And that only made Pead shrug his shoulders and continue to walk across and away from Gimothy’s.
     “That’s so sick it defies people, like a genius forgetting his middle initial at the bank.   Oh let the good times Rowohawo,” said Den slyly and jokingly as he kept his eyes squarely on Pead.  And Pead stopped at the hot dog stand.   And he grabbed a half dozen Dr. Peppers and a fist full of hot dogs.   And he started eating them as he squirted ketchup and mustard in his mouth.   And everyone held their breath as they watched.
     Then Pead finished eating his hot dogs and casually began popping the tops off his sodas.   And then guzzled them down like a pack of thirsty dogs at a fire hydrant.
     “We’re so fucked if he comes in here it’s beyond belief.  Just eat your damn dogs and drink those fucking Peppers and roll!” said Grega sternly as he was being over dramatic by throwing his hands in the air.   Meanwhile he hoped it bothered Amo that he had the dark blue and gold stripped shirt she had bought him on, as he flexed his pecks.
     Then Pead finished his Dr. Peppers and pounded his chest.   And he glared at every person that walked by and then shouted,” You ignorant jackasses find a new home in a coffin!” and then he said snidely,” Try wiggling out of your impending doom, I fear that will be your undoing!”   
     All the paid pedestrians were now terrified and barely holding it together, as they pretended it wasn’t happening.
     “O.K… ah it looks like he’s starting to fuck with people.  That is never good with a Doramoc.  We may have to scrap the whole thing and seek another time or even PLACE to do this,” said Rocka sternly as she looked at Gim who looked sullen and felt terrible that what she said was true. 
     “Wait, he’s starting to move up the sidewalk,” said Grega hopefully as he watched Pead doing a dance in between two old women as he laughed loudly.    And then he spanked one of their butts and Grega said happily, I think he just slapped 2 old women’s asses.  This guy is terrible I’d only have slapped one,” said Grega sarcastically and everyone laughed.    As Pat and Amo moved closer to him and Grega felt them getting closer and said happily,” no, no, I’d never slap an old women’s ass, but if she slapped mine I’d love it wowee,”
     Pead continued down the sidewalk and then pushed a man out into traffic.   And the man got hit by a small mega-motorcycle that flipped him end over end landing on his backside.
     “We have lift off and hard on, but I can’t say it’s wrong.  Did that sound like a bad country song?” asked Pat sarcastically as everyone but Grega laughed.   While Grega pretended not to hear Pat.
     Then Pead took off all his clothes and started to strut down the sidewalk as he sang,” Another one bites the dust, and another one bites and another one bites the dust,” and then he shouted,” I gonna get you so watch it!”
     Then he started running down the center of the street punching in car doors as he did.   Meanwhile Foru had ordered the Clatz and was smiling at a beautiful redhead woman at the table next to him.   She blushed and her name was Bato.
     “Do you find it hard to bask so close to my perfection?” asked Foru crassly as he flexed his pecks and Bato giggled.    And Gim picked up a red control panel that has the controls for the knockout mist.  And he pressed the button for the alarm for the street team to be extra aware, because they were about to take out a Doramoc.
     “Well, do we wait for our friend there to eat or do we crack the seal on this plan right now?” asked Gim as he eyed Foru.  And Foru was flirting with Bato by rubbing her cheek and pushing her hair back from her face, as she giggled and smiled.
      “Boy I don’t know, we only get one chance at this and if we blow it we are all cooked.  That said I say light the candle and light it right fuckin’ now!” said Rocka sharply and Gim grinned and started pressing the first three buttons for the mist around Foru’s table.
     The gentle spray filled the air around him with a lilac smell.    And he didn’t notice anything was amiss.
     “Aren’t we beautiful, my darling, on this day of pure perfection?  I am intoxicated by your aura,” said Foru slyly to Bato as she grinned back at him.    And he laughed loudly and then slammed his fist on the table, as he knew he’d be sleeping with her later.
     “He really is having himself a good time, on our time.  Are you sure it’s not laughing gas you’re pumping out?  Ya know and the real stuff in here, ‘cause I feel a little loopy like I’m gonna pass out.  I don’t know,” said Grega sarcastically as he pretended to be passing out.   And Rosemary and Daserus laughed and Gim smirked causing Grega to feel superior to him.    And then Grega asked sarcastically,” maybe we should go out there with a couple of wooden clubs, and bash him over the fucking head?  Yeah, yeah I know it would work!    And if it doesn’t we’ll run for it like fucking jack rabbits.”
     This caused everyone except for Gim to laugh loudly.    Meanwhile Gim could only force a smile and kept his eyes trained on Foru as he started to doze off.   Bato kept smiling at him as the mist took hold.  Gim saw this and increased the spray dousing Foru.
     “We’ve almost got him, be ready to do what we agreed upon and I mean quick!” said Gim nervously as Foru slowly slumped over in his chair.   And everyone looked on anxiously and thoughts raced thru their heads.      
    “I’m really in love with you, what was your namo again?” asked Foru drunkenly as he went in and out of consciousness.    And Bato continued to smile at him while up the street Pead began randomly punching people in the chests, as he headed in Gimothy’s direction. 
      “Oh Jesus look, that other idiot Doramoc is heading back this way!” said Amo nervously as she pointed to Pead.    And then Amo looked up at Gim who looked calm.
     “The street team will buy us some time, but we have to move on the other one right now!  Everybody out there, grab him quick!” said Gim sharply and excitedly as he raced down the stairs.   And everyone burst outside and headed straight for Foru’s table.    This while Pead grabbed hold of a 12 year old young boy and started swinging him like a baseball bat.
     Pead swung the boy and took out a brown haired man nearby.    And he hit him right in the back of the head with the young boy’s head shattering both their skulls like colliding watermelons.  This sent a spray of blood off into a vendor’s fried dough stand and shocked a passerby.
     “Oh my god, oh my god, did you just see what that bastard did to that kid, Jesus Christ?” asked Pat in shock and disbelief as he fought back tears and felt nauseous.  This while everyone hurried over to Foru and Amo grabbed Pat’s arm.
     “Pat, I saw it, but it doesn’t matter.  They’ll kill all of us if we don’t do this right now, please, Pat,” pleaded Amo as she looked sternly at Pat.   And he nodded while he paused for a second and then ran over to where Foru was.  And he started helping lift him out of his chair as he slept.
     They pulled out a pair of anti-gravity gurneys and slid them under his legs.  Then they started trying to move his upper body with 10 sets of hands.   Pead was being kept at bay by using three tall leggy beautiful black haired and blonde women who were wearing black cat suits.  And they did this by having them saunter by and then they smiled at Pead.
     “You could be the 3 goddesses sent to me after my last prayer, but I digress.  Now get those clothes off and we’ll do it right here,” said Pead sternly as he eyed the 3 women.    And the 3 women were nervous that he wanted to have sex with them right then and there. 
     As this happened Foru was stuck in his chair as his shirt was tangled in a large button on the back of the chair.   Then Grega grabbed him hard around the neck and started tugging with all his strength.   As he let out an ear blistering scream, but Foru didn’t budge.    Even thou Pead heard something as he started taking off the 3 women’s clothes.   And he was preparing to have sex with them, and he started looking towards Gimothy’s.
     “What was all that for god’s sake?” asked Pead quietly as he tried to see if there was anything out of the ordinary.    But Gim had a lime green and purple swirling design tarp in front of Foru, as they fought to get him on the gurney.
     “Jesus, Grega, stop shouting you fool!  He’s looking this way!” said Gim sharply as he peered thru a small hole in the tarp.    And then the black haired tallest women grabbed hold of Pead’s penis.   And Pead looked down at her and smiled.
     “Yeah, who cares give us a kiss, love,” said Pead in a British accent.    And then he grabbed hold of the back of the woman’s head and she started sucking his dick.
     Meanwhile Foru was still stuck and everyone was getting frustrated.    While Grega was reaching in behind Foru and trying to rip the button that was holding him, clean off the chair.  Sweat rolled down Grega’s face as he looked like he was about to explode.    And he was thinking he was going to do just that.
     “It’s almost there, I can see it starting to tear.  Just give me a second,” said Grega anxiously as he grabbed the button with both hands and gave it one last pull with all his strength.
     And then the button snapped and Grega fell backwards into the tarp, with the red square button still in his hands.    And Foru was quickly lifted onto the gurney.
     “Yes, Grega, that was so super human sick, that I am freaking out for fuck’s sake,” said Rosemary in amazement as she helped Grega to his feet.   And she helped him untangle from the tarp, as Pead continued to get a blowjob.    And Pat watched him and thought how remarkable it was to see sex in the middle of the day in such a public place.
     “Mother fuckin’ Doramoc’s gonna get what he deserves as far as I’m concerned.  Yeah fuck ‘em all,” said Grega fiercely as he dusted himself off and glared at Foru’s body as it was floating next to him.   And he thought how ugly he was and that he wanted to punch him.
     “We don’t have time to chat, let’s get our new friend inside before another one comes our way,” said Gim sternly as his eyes darted around the street looking for Doramocs, but he saw none and felt relieved.
     Then they brought Foru inside the restaurant and down a large blue marble staircase with rubber mats affixed to each step on it.  And there were also photos of Tenon the Last smiling menacingly on each wall.
     Tenon the Last is a part time healer and full time religious writer who wrote a book titled,” To many wind songs to hear.”   That has the Things of importance list and it includes the passage,” A fragile heart beats too fast when love draws near.    That invariably causes love to run for its life.  But a strong and rapid mind can chase down the dreams of many.    And become them all on crests of perilous waves of confidence.  Then and only then does the aforementioned love come back to roost and purr.”   He also wrote a reminder to youth that went as follows,” You may often feel like you need me to be held down and embarrassed, as you feel the arrogance to do such a thing.    But I feel no worry at you and your schemes of unknowing and lost lightning understanding.  For I’ve gripped a new decade.   And I no longer value your counsel or see the memories of you as anything more than a milky memory of air.”  Tenon began talking away the hypocrisy of modern life one word at a time.  In recent months he has been seen many times spouting off random speeches like,” I wasn’t there when the racists of the world moved in next door to purity and justice.    But I’ sure as hell will be there the first Sunday after deliverance to help them move out!  And when the winds of focused amazement arrive, I’ll be handing out the brochures that read.    We knew you’d be thrilled when you died a terrifying death, well at least we hoped as much,” that he gave from a street corner in Harvard Square 3 days ago.
     “It’s just down these stairs everyone and then we’ve done our parts so far.  We still need to finish the job, but we’ll worry about that later,” said Righter as they brought Foru down the last of the steps.    And then they jogged down a brief hallway of green bricks that has a gold, blue, and turquoise tarps over the doorway at the end of it.
     They shot thru the tarp and saw a vast operating room.    With a lab set up that is over 500 feet long with 3 dozen catacombs in every direction.  And the catacombs have computers set up with holographic monitors on the left.  And a dozen leather circular inward facing couches set up around the room.   Each of the couches face different camera angles of the street and restaurant.  And they have people sending messages to the street team thru implants in their eardrums and on their brain stems. There are also a half dozen black and yellow robot doctors.   Set up around a large operating table that also has different medical tools that will be used in the operation.  The walls of the room have 50 tunnel doorways in them that lead off in every direction under the city.    And they even link up with the subway for an easy escape.   The floor in the room has a thick air suction orange and brown area rug.  And it makes the room completely sterile by sucking every diseased spec into the rugs and out thru a set of tubes into a large trash bin.  The ceiling in the room has a fake Martian sunset from the planet of Kaopam over 3 million light years away.  And it shows a dark red and black sun going down in between two massive mountain peak.  And the peaks are rounded with a huge hole cut in the center of each, as well as a statue of a Gorlac bear.
     A Gorlac bear is a half lizard and half bear with a lizard head that is a third the size of its body.    And a purple bear body only with large claws that can slice thru steel.   The Gorlac bears are over 30 feet in height and weigh 5,000 pounds.    And they rarely came out during the day as they feast on sleeping humanoids.    
     “Get him on the operating table and let our metal friends of the robot persuasion do their jobs!” said Rocka sternly and boldly as they pulled the gurney up next to the operating table.  And they started elevating it to slide Foru over to the magnetically sealed operating table.
     Then Foru was administered a powerful knockout serum.    And everyone watched as the robot started cutting into his right thigh.  The robot used a massive square cutting saw blade that cuts a perfect 2 foot square piece of flesh.   Then they started draining the yellow blood of Foru.  And they hurried the piece of flesh over to the super computer for evaluation and to dissect it properly.
     “I’m officially sicked out.  God do I need a dozen beers and the same amount of hours of sleep.   I just can’t take this stress,” said Grega softly as he walked away from the operating table taking great pains not to look at Foru.   And the robots started adding a synthetic square of flesh.    And Rosemary and Daserus followed him as he walked towards a camera of the outside    And Grega felt lonely as he saw Amo.
     “Ya hungry, Grega, you want some bloody steak and liver pie?” asked Rosemary jokingly and sarcastically as she patted Grega hard on the back.  And she saw he was queasy and as she did he almost vomited and shook his head no.
     Then Grega couched and thought how he’d like to give Rosemary a good hard punch and then said coyly,” No I just ate a raccoon carcass, so I’m full up!  Why you buyin’?” asked Grega sarcastically as he grinned as he tried to hide how angry he was with Rosemary.  And  Rosemary laughed hard, because she knew what he was doing.
     “Yes I am and there’s rat’s eyeballs and snot sandwiches too.  Let’s go right now,” said Rosemary sarcastically as Grega knew he was grossed out and couldn’t laugh or he’d throw up for sure.  And he felt like he really would love to push Rosemary hard into the wall, but didn’t want to be a jerk.   As she burst out laughing and put her arm around him.
     “We need to send our new friend back out into the world and soon, but I need to know, Gim, if we have him patched up one?  And two if we have all the data we need to start working on that thing.   That will finally wipe them out before we’re all dust and they’re laughing?” asked Rocka sternly as Gim analyzed the tissue sample and mapped out Foru’s DNA.   This while Foru was being brought a new sealing bandage to hide the wound as well as cauterize it.  
     “Well, quite frankly it could take another couple minutes to know if we have all the data we need.  Also our new friend won’t be reported missing for at least a little while, so just give me a minute here, this is interesting,” said Gim slowly as he looked at Foru’s DNA strand.   And he felt a tingle go down his back as he realized that Foru had several allergies.
     “What’s that Gim?” asked Amo as she watched the holographic computer screen and folded her arms while Pat rubbed her shoulder.
     “It says that he has a series of allergies and a penchant for colds.   I thought Doramocs were impervious to everything, how can that be?” asked Gim calmly as he eyed the hologram.    And then Gim looked at Pat and who looked back at him with a concerned look, as he thought about it.
     “They must have some sort of all in one medicine they take for diseases that they haven’t made us aware of,” said Pat proudly in a soft voice as he realized how to kill them.   And then said firmly,” that means that if we could find this medicine and create diseases that it was unable to fight off.   They would die like fleas in a forest fire.”
     “Oh Jesus Christ almighty, Pat, that’s the answer we were looking for, but where are they hiding it?” asked Amo excitedly as a flint of a smile came over her face.   And she felt proud of Pat, but didn’t want to seem conceited.    As he looked at the floor as he thought of a solution.
     “Well…where are there always Doramocs and rarely people?” asked Pat calmly as he looked at Rocka and Gim.  And they each looked back at him sternly as they racked their brains.
     “The fleet center in Boston has a luxury section for Doramocs only with its own hangar bay.  If you’re askin’ anyone, that would be my guess,” said Rosemary calmly as she stood beside Righter.  This caused everyone to look over at her and grin as they knew she was right.   
     “That is fucking brilliant, but how do we get in there?  None of us are exactly V.I.P.’s for god’s sake?” asked Rocka sternly as she looked at everyone and saw Pat and Amo smiling.    And she asked,” What are you both smiling at?”
     “You aren’t, but we are.  We can get into any V.I.P. room at any stadium in the world,” said Pat happily as he grinned and thought how great this moment felt.  This while Amo rubbed his belly and grinned too as she looked at him, while everyone started to smile.
     “That Friends Again shit, really anywhere?” asked Den in disbelief as Pat and Amo laughed.   And Pat reached into his pocket and pulled out his Friends Again key.
     “This little baby gets us in anywhere in any fucking stadium we want.  The only question is when do you want to go, and who’s comin’ with us?” asked Pat slyly as he waved the key and smiled.   This while everyone laughed as they knew how important it is.
     “Then it’s all of us, we’ll need the man and woman power.  Give me a couple of days to prepare a plan and then we’ll fly up.  What a great fucking break,” said Rocka boldly as she pumped her fist and smiled and everyone laughed.

                                                                        Chapter 8

                                                                A zero sided cube




     Lampo Rakitle was a ruler of a now forgotten regime on the world of Pasiotic.   And he never saw a face he didn’t like.  This was not lost on his subjects who feared reprisals.   So much so they wore elaborate helmets and thick black and dark blue sunglasses to prevent even a second of eye contact.  Lampo on the other hand went to great lengths to find even minuscule effronteries.   That way he could bash in people’s heads or do other devious things.   And they included pushing oil covered subjects down flame ridden slides with a wall of spikes at the bottom.
     Lampo went along that route for over 30 years and untold millions of people met gruesome and unspeakable ends.   Like the former village of Janglat, that was fed each other over the course of 6 months.    Until only one of them remained and he was forced to eat small portions of himself until he was no longer hungry and perished.  Then Lampo instituted a new law called,” No new sexual partners law.”    And it said you had to only have sex with the person you were dating or currently married to or Lampo himself for the rest of your life.   Or you would face death by several different ways.  One of those ways was to have your genitals pummeled repeatedly with a hot metal hammer until you begged to be shot.    As well as having your nose filled with flesh eating insects that usually led to death or madness.
     His loyal subjects were so incensed by this law.   That they all stormed his fortified castle including many of his loyal army members who’d finally had enough.  They searched thru the entire castle and found no Lampo.  Then they looked to the skies and saw a massive battleship of Lampo’s leaving the atmosphere with him on it and they felt relieved.   Until a few moments later when Lampo launched a dozen 100 megaton nuclear weapons and blew the world to pieces in one foul swoop.   Then as he fled into space a large asteroid ripped thru the hull of the ship and killed him and his skeleton crew.   But he left behind a treasure trove of logs, journals, and short stories that included the paragraph,” Why would a dumb head take a smart trip to the back page of a long book.    When the dumb head knows its very existence as a dumb head, relies solely on not turning those pages and feeling the power and freedom of those words.  Then there’s the death of an unwilling soul to the hands of debauchery and severe drug addiction.   This exact person feels all along their crazy tasks and consumption of daily poisons is the meaning of it all.   But fails to realize it won’t get any meaning of note if they’re too loaded to see it coming their way.  And then there’s me wild and fancy paid who is a little of both.  I don’t know the answers, but I know for certain I will and you’ll suffer.”
     At the William S. Baines community center at the far end of Long Island.   There are 2,000 people milling about in the auditorium.   As they all wait for the 1 million dollar all age’s spelling bee, that Amo and Pat are putting on to start.   The auditorium is oval in shape with a large red maple symmetrical stage.   And it has 2 on ramps on the left and right, as well as a set of gradually rising green steps in the front of the stage leading up to it.  There is a thick furry navy blue and orange curtain covering the stage.   That way nothing can be seen behind it, and it has the face of Lampo and the words,” Why would I smile, you’re still breathing,” written beneath his smiling horse teethed face and sandy blonde long hair and vacant eyes.   In front of the stage is a 30 foot long judge’s box that has a black bullet proof wall behind it.   And there is a brown and green stripped leather pair of couches and a refrigerator stocked with beer, soda pop, chocolate milk, and a series of snacks.   In front of the couches there is a table set up with built in microphones.   And a computer consul to control everything from music to lights to even the temperature in the auditorium with a press of any number of buttons.    And it even has a dial to adjust the smell of the room to that of anything by pumping it thru the vents and includes excrement. 
     The chairs the audience are sitting in are black and red velvety cushioned spacious chairs, that have built in soda dispensers that you can buy what you want with an ATM card by just swiping it.  The walls of the auditorium have famous quotes and included one by William S. Baines that reads,” I know it’s hard to suffer, but I won’t suffer the words of a loser.  So get off your asses and go ahead and dig me a canal with a teaspoon.  Then you’ll have suffered for something that matters,” as well as the quote,” I may know everything, but at least I have the knowhow to know when to shut up.”
     William S. Baines is the eldest son of Porthafud R. Baines the late great senator from Georgia.  William or Bill as his friends call him, inherited a mountain of bad debt from his father when he was seventeen.  He did this because Porthafud had earned millions, but spent billions on rebuilding his home state.    Plus he also loved prostitutes and high stakes Canadian Moncourt Guts games that he invariably lost.  Bill was thrust into the world with no one to help him, but he did have the grades to get a full scholarship to Long Island at Dorgut community college.    And the college was half a world away from Georgia, but light years away from his disgraced family name.   Then he started to excel even further and committed himself to being a huge success.  And he used his engineering degree to open up a patent and inventors handbook.   That very handbook was so easy to use it made him rich, as it sold out in 20 languages.  Then he started to gamble much in the same way as his father and lost it all.   But not before building several buildings on Long Island and leaving to seek out other opportunities overseas.
     Backstage Amo and Pat are having a glass of wine as they sat just off stage.    And all the participants were nervously lined up in a row on stage, sitting in blue velvety foldout cushioned chairs.
     “Alright look, Amo, we both need this competition to go well.    And I can’t do it right without you committing to the way it needs to be,” said Pat warmly as he held Amo and she looked away.   And then he raised her chin with his left hand and she gave him a nod reluctantly.
     “I love you, Pat, and I get this.  I am 100 percent behind you, but what if the contestants get pissed off and try something?” asked Amo nervously as she ran her fingers thru Pat’s hair.
     “Something never got tried, and plus we’ve got security.  Let’s head in and change some lives,” said Pat coyly.    And then he and Amo raced out onto the stage as a spotlight hit them.   And Pat grabbed a microphone and said warmly,” we know you’ve all come here to see a spelling bee, and take a bird’s eye view of your loved ones as they take their shot at a million dollars in cold hard cash.  So without further ado and a bit of magic, let’s cheer our way to a million dreams!” yelled Pat as he and Amo bowed to the cheering audience as the curtain went up.  And it revealed the contestants doing an awkward and badly choreographed dance routine that made them look mentally challenged.
     Pat and Amo hurried down to the Judges box as they tried to look very serious.
     “Alright, Pat, boy are we cooked.  They might kill us both,” said Amo sadly as she sat beside Pat who was laughing hysterically.    And then Pat gulped his wine and pressed a button to stop all the music.    And the contestants continued to dance for a few seconds.
     “Take your seats immediately.  Contestant number one you will be first, head quickly to the microphone,” said Amo sternly as she fought back laughter.    And Pat started to laugh quietly and he turned up the song, “Iron Man,” by the cover band Ozzy’s children, as he turned on the red smoke machine on the stage.
     Menau Haslu, a 7 year old from Dayton Ohio, walked nervously up to the podium that was made from mahogany.  And she grabbed the dildo shaped microphone and smiled and did a curtsy.   Menau had long flowing seal black hair that has 15 green and pink bows in it.   She is very beautiful with a small nose and dark brown eyes.  Her skin is tan in color and she is African American as well as French Canadian.   She has on a pair of black leggings under a purple flower print dress, as well as boys running shoes that have the words,” I’ll outrun the devil, but not the race,” written along the toe in green marker.
     “Hi my name is Menau and I’m thrilled to…,” said Menau happily before the lights went out on the stage after Amo pressed a button.    And Pat glared at Menau.
     “Your first word is fartbutter, fartbutter.   You have one minute to answer,” said Pat quickly in a stern voice as a spotlight of red and blue circles of light shone on Menau and the room fell silent.
     “Fartbutter…can you use it in a sentence?” asked Menau timidly as she grimaced and looked at Pat.    Who was staring back at her without a hint of emotion while Amo was under the Judge’s table laughing.   As Amo knew that was coming and she didn’t realize how funny it would be.
     “I fartbutter a friend when I’m lonely.  Fartbutter, you have 1 minute to answer,” said Pat fiercely as he looked calmly at Menau who was sounding out the word and the crowd started to laugh.
     “O.K., fartbutter, F A R T B U T T E R, fartbutter.  Did I get it right?” asked Menau nervously as she crossed her fingers and began to make a wooing sound.   Meanwhile Pat and Amo thought how cute and unassuming she was.
     “That is absolutely defiantly almost perfectly an answer that rhymes with dissect, correct!” said Pat playfully in an overly stern voice that made him sound like an old sea captain.
     Menau started screaming and running in and around the other contestants as the crowd cheered.   And Pat and Amo laughed while the song,” Maniac,” by Olivia Newton John played.
     “Next contestant is the person ridin’ the deuce, or number two,” said Amo sternly as she mimicked Pat’s voice.    And Ted Guna hurried up from his seat and over to the podium which was only at his knees.   And he grabbed the microphone and looked at it and smiled while Pat and Amo noticed this.             
     Ted is 6’8” and weighs 223 pounds with broad shoulders and a barrel chest.  His hair is long blonde and flows down to the small of his back.   He has light blue stern eyes and a long thin nose with a tiny round dimple in the tip.   He has high cheekbones and thick well defined lips, as well as a block jaw.  He has hands so large he can hold 12 baseballs in one hand at one time, as well as he has a size 15 shoe.   He has on a white cotton dress shirt that is unbuttoned showing the top of his chest.    As well as a pair of black leather pants and a pair of dark brown crushed leather boots.
     “Hey this guy looks like a major prick, let’s have some fun,” said Pat happily as he leaned in and spoke into Amo’s ear.   And he thought what’s a conceited person Ted was.
     “I agree, he didn’t tell us his name, which means he’s waiting for us to ask.  So I say we don’t and neither of us makes eye contact,” said Amo slyly as she smiled at Pat who nodded yes.    And then they heard Ted cough loudly and neither of them paid any attention.
     “O.K., deuce, your word is Pigpuddysweatneack.  You have 1 minute.  So hurry your ass up!” said Amo sharply as she looked down at her nails.    And Ted looked at her with a fierce glance as he fumed with anger.
     “It’s Ted not deuce, honey, and what kinda fucked up…,” said Ted sternly, but just then Pat pushed a button that made a loud wet farting sound and it echoed thru the auditorium.  This while he pressed a button and the vents began pumping in the smell of shit as Ted looked around in disbelief.
     The crowd started to cough and weez as they fought to escape the malodorous smell.   And Ted looked at Amo not knowing what to think and asked jokingly,” What’d the room shit its pants?  I haven’t smelled the much egg since I worked at Chucky Cheese,” said Ted slyly as he grabbed his crotch and a few people laughed.
     “O.K., Deuce, that is incorrect your free t-shirt is signed and waiting down the right ramp,” said Amo sternly as she continued to look at Pat who was beneath the table laughing.   And then she said sternly,” Pat, stop laughing deuce is about to lose it.”
     Then Pat caught himself and sat back in his seat.
     “Look you fucking bitch…,” said Ted sharply, but just as he did the lights went off and a piano concerto by a little known indie band started.  And it sounded like a saw blade thru wood as the crowd was still trying to stand the smell of shit.
     Then the spotlight was shot right into Ted’s eyes.   And 3 seven foot tall 600 to 450 pound bodyguards appeared right beside Ted and started tugging him off the stage.
     “Thanks, deuce, enjoy the lavish alleyway as you bleed,” said Amo warmly and sarcastically as Ted was literally being carried off the stage by the body guards.  And all the bodyguards were wearing sweaters that had Amo and Pat’s smiling faces sewn onto them in perfect detail.
     “Alright ladies and homeless men let’s put our hands together for Johnny on the spot and Lucille with a free meal.  The tuba and clarinet section of Ridge Middle School!” said Pat loudly as he spun in a circle and out came a 4 foot tall red headed young boy with a silver tuba.    As well as an Asian American young girl with a clarinet in a red silk cat suit.  And they walked out to center stage and were named Mikael Jiniu and Dorothy Rom.
     Mikael and Dorothy started to play the AC/DC song,” Big Balls,” as the crowd started to clap.   And Pat sent the smell of freshly cooked brownies over the auditorium, as the other spelling bee contestants just looked at each other nervously and smirked.  
     Pat and Amo pretended to love the song, but they knew it sounded terrible as they swayed back and forth.
     “This is sheer and undeniable heaven, Pat.  How did you know this would be so hilarious?” asked Amo in a sultry voice as she grinned at Pat and then kissed him.    And he laughed because he knew what was coming and she didn’t.
     “Amo, we aren’t even started yet.  Wait ‘til you see the lightning boner round,” said Pat happily as Amo squinted her eyes at him not sure if he was serious and Pat smiled.
     “Lightning boner round, well now I’m stayin’.   And I’m drinkin’ all your good beer,” said Amo in a thick southern accent as she aimed her index finger and thumb like a gun at Pat’s crotch.   And Pat pretended he was scared.
     “Don’t do it, don’t kill me last few sperms.  My count’s too low,” pleaded Pat sarcastically as Mikael and Dorothy started to dance in between the other contestants as they played.  And Pat looked up at this and asked slyly,” alright, Amo, who do you think should take home the million dollars?”
     “How do I know there’s only been 2 contestants so far?” asked Amo softly as she thought how sexy Pat looked and wanted to rip his clothes off and Pat smiled back at her.
     “What?    Do you think someone’s gonna win my million dollars that I don’t like or want to.  Neh, Amo, neh, now I say we get to the action,” said Pat coyly as he then kissed Amo.    And he sat down and hit a button that turned off the lights and doused the contestants in Brut powder deodorant.   And then Pat said sternly,” alright contestant number 3 will be the third to go hurry the hell up!”
     Then the crowd laughed as the 20 contestants and Dorothy and Mikael started brushing themselves off.  Then Tori Black ran up to the microphone covered in powder. 
     Tori is 5’1” and weighs 90 pounds.    And she is 65 years old with a bulbous head, as well as large breasts and a firm bottom.   Her hair is naturally strawberry blonde and she has a button nose and thick red lips with a pyramid in the center of her lower lip.   She has on a black silk shirt with the face of Paul McCartney with the words,” I believe in love, so buy my love for love’s sake, I’m broke,” written around his smiling face in red letters.  She also had on a white cotton skirt and red sneakers.
     “I’m number 3, I’m Tori don’t I look grand in my powder white clothes?” asked Tori slyly and jokingly as she pulled on the sides of her dress and grinned.   Meanwhile Pat and Amo grinned slightly was they both thought it was desperate for her to say it, but the crowd laughed.
     “Your word is hairycragoon.  You have one minute,” said Pat sternly as he slammed his fist on the table.    And then Pat pressed a button that shut off all the lights in the room and a strobe light shot up from under Tori.
     Then Tori completely froze and her hands flailed wildly as she started to have a panic attack.  And then she said quickly,” Fuck you, you motherfucker bastard.  How dare you douse my nice new dress in piss powder!” shouted Tori and then she said calmly,” H A I R Y C R A G O O N.”
     Pat and Amo looked sternly at Tori.   And then Pat shook his head no and Tori’s heart sank.
     “I mean yes, that’s absolutely 100 percent emphatically correct!  You’re well on your way to the million dollars!” shouted Pat in a goofy voice as he shook his hands wildly above his head.   And the crowd cheered and Tori jumped up and down while she spit out powder and pumped her fists.
     “I fuckin’ knew I was great!  Screw you Andy Withers you don’t know me I’m a champion…” shouted Tori before Pat shut off the lights and cut her off.       
     “Get off the fucking stage!  Get your ass up and the fuck off my stage!” said Pat sternly as he slowly brought up the lights.    And Tori smiled and ran back to her seat as Amo laughed and thought how ridiculous Tori was behaving.
     “Now are we doing number 4?” asked Amo as she looked at the contestants and how covered in powder and unhappy they were.    And she felt terrible for them while Pat just smiled and then stood up and started stomping his foot.
     “You knock me off of my FEET now baby oooho!” sang Pat loudly as he grabbed his crotch like he was Michael Jackson.    And then he looked at Amo and nodded yes then no and said quickly,” press the blue button, Amo, our lives depend on it.”
     Amo grinned and casually looked for the button.    And then she pressed it causing a deluge of cold water to douse the contestants.   Then 2 dozen people ran up onto the stage in black leather jumpsuits with white bathrobes in their hands, and hurried over to each of the contestants.   While this happened several changing booths lowered down from the ceiling.   Then the contestants started changing their clothes while Amo and Pat grinned at one another.
     “So they weren’t clean enough to win, is that it, Pat?” asked Amo slyly and sarcastically as she tickled Pat and wondered what could possibly happen next.    And Pat looked away.
     “That’s exactly it, I can’t have them and their excrement covered clothes and hands touching my god covered stage!  I can’t dream of a worse death for I, or you deplorable, Amo,” said Pat sarcastically in a stern voice as he pretended to be crushing Amo’s head.    But Pat was barely touching her and she laughed loudly and punched him softly in the stomach.
     “Neither can I, unless it involves flesh eating house cats who hide their true intentions ‘til your fast asleep.  Then of course there’s the death defying pickles that scare me even now.  Is that one there?” asked Amo sarcastically and quickly as she pointed over Pat’s shoulder and he laughed and didn’t look.
     “Now fairest of fairs, we’ve got the lightning boner round to attend to.  And so we shall,” said Pat calmly as he sat down and looked up and saw all the contestants in fluffy white bathrobes and black dragon head’s slippers.  As they sat happily as their hair was being toweled off for them and he said fiercely,” god dammit I want contestants 4 thru 7 to get up to that bitch of a microphone!   And that cunt of a podium, and answer my motherfuckin’ questions!  Now move your bitch asses!” said Pat angrilyin a thick city accent as he grinned mischievously and nodded his head slowly.    This while Amo rolled with laughter and the 4 contestants 4 thru 7 raced to the microphone.
     There are 2 women and 2 men named Rod, Patrice, Emma, and Francesco.
     Rod has a purple Mohawk that is perfectly gelled and is overly handsome, as well as being much older than he looks as he is 36.   Patrice is odd looking as she has 2 large round nostrils and orange eyes that throw people off.   She also has short blonde hair with an S like superman in the front, with a blue tear tattoo at the bottom of the S on her forehead.  She is 5’5” and very curvaceous and has a tiny smile at all times.
     Emma is a natural blonde with it being shoulder length with a triangle shaped set of bangs in the front.  Her eyes are hazel and warm.    And she has a long thin upturned nose that has a diamond stud on the right side.  She also has large white round teeth that make her smile infectious.  She is 5’2” and weighs 132 pounds with round shoulders.
     Francesco has long wavy gelled seal black hair that bounces up and down when he walks.  He also has a prominent nose with no bump in it, as well as a smiling mouth.  His eyes are yellow and one is a lazy eye that looks to his left.  He is 6’0” and weighs 185 pounds with a pot belly and powerful forearms.
     “Hi I’m Rod nice to meet you,” said Rod nervously as Pat didn’t know what to make of him.
     “I’m Emma it’s an adventure,” said Emma coyly as she did a tah-dah motion with her hands and kicked her foot out quickly twice to impress the judges.    And Pat laughed and Amo jabbed him in the side.    And then Pat looked at her and nodded.
     “Hi I’m Patrice and perfection is in the eye of the beholder.  A diamond cutter told me that when I asked him directions,” said Patrice dryly and jokingly as she winked at Pat and blew him a kiss.    And then she waved at Amo and gave her a nod.    All this while a smiling Amo and Pat did nothing and stared back at her.
     “I’m Francesco and I am a new citizen in America and hope you make my whole life with this million dollars,” said Francesco in a thick Italian accent as he shook his hips and smiled wildly.    And the crowd cheered and Pat and Amo tried not to laugh, but Pat lost it and let out a cackle.
     “Alright great nobody move an inch while I converse with the love of my life,” said Pat sharply then he leaned in and whispered jokingly into Amo’s ear,” o.k. look, the love of my life isn’t here so you’ll have to do.  What I’m about to do is really amp up the volume in this competition, and I wanted you to have the lowdown.  See that, Emma, is about to win, but the other ones need a swift kick in the ego, ya follow?” asked Pat slyly as he made a buck toothed smile.    And Amo laughed because she thought he was an idiot.
     “Yeah, I’ll follow you right to the graveyard and give you a good swift kick in the butt, after I tell you I dropped my keys and you are looking in a deep grave.  This is how much I love you and more better, the idea of you dead.  So dig me a grave, ya burnout,” said Amo sarcastically as Pat laughed.   And then he reached up and pressed a button for the smell of a skunk to blow only on the contestants.            
     “Here’s how it’s gonna go, I’ll call your number then say a series of letters.   And you have one chance to guess what word it spells.  Got it here we go!   Wait I neglected to mention the letters would not be in any specific order.   And here we go number 6 are you there?” asked Pat firmly as Emma stepped forward and did a wide smile.  Then she grabbed the microphone and her eyes grew wide.
     “I’m ready when you…” said Emma brightly as she licked the microphone, but Pat cut her off.
     “W O D S L R, what’s your answer you have 60 seconds?!” said Pat sharply and Emma continued licking the microphone.    And she tried to think of the answer.   And Pat started getting a boner as did half the audience.   And Amo looked on in shock.
     “You better not be enjoying that, Pat.  I will.. ohh that’s nasty,” said Amo in disbelief as Emma continued licking it and Pat kept on staring at Emma.
     “That’s why it’s called the lightning boner round, Emma, I mean, Amo,” said Pat nervously as he watched Emma eagerly.    And then Amo reached over and felt Pat’s penis and felt it was hard.
     “Pat, why don’t you keep that cock good and hard until I say different,” said Amo sternly as she rubbed Pat’s penis.    And he looked over at her and smirked while Emma continued to lick the microphone.
     “My answer is, worlds, is that the way of it?” asked Emma in a thick British accent as she set down the microphone.    And Emma waited as Pat looked at her blankly.
     “Yeah, I mean yes it is and you can get back in line you little hussy.  Up next is you, Francesco, and your letters are B N O E R B U R S T.  Have at it you little prick,” said Pat nonchalantly.    And then he started making out with Amo.    And Francesco watched and thought not bad for an American, but was nervous he couldn’t solve the word.
     Then Pat stopped kissing Amo and she continued to stroke his penis as he smiled.  
     “You only have 30 seconds left, Francesco, so I’d hurry up!  Is that what you want, Pat, for me to hurry up?” asked Amo sternly as she rubbed Pat’s penis faster and he smiled.
     Francesco racked his brain and then blurted out,” Rubstbone!”
     Pat looked over at Francesco and felt insulted that it was such a bad guess.   Then he reached over and grabbed hold of a dial on the table and twisted it.   And as he did a large black balloon filled with tiny balloons filled with red wine and lobster guts.    And they were dropped down on top of Francesco covering him in the two substances completely.
     “Yeah, it’s a no, sorry about the goo beat it,” said Pat snidely as Francesco was fuming and glared at Pat and Amo.
     And then when Francesco started for the Judges box by running down the steps.    A pair of 400 pound bodyguards snared him in a large fishing net and toted him off the stage kicking and screaming.  Pat was just about to cum and then he said sternly,” You are next, Patrice, and your letters are F U B U T C K T.  Have at it Hoss.”
     Then Patrice got a quizzical look on her face as she tried to think what it could be.
     “Jesus Christ that’s exactly it for fuck’s sake ahh!” said Pat loudly as he ejaculated in his pants.   And Amo smiled as she knew how lucky she was to be with a brave man.
     “But I haven’t answered yet how could that be the right answer?” asked Patrice warmly as she looked at Pat who only stared blankly back at her.
     “Look, you tryin’ to cheat me or what?  What’s your answer, ass r us?” asked Pat firmly as he sat back in his seat and let out a sigh.    This while Amo smiled and Patrice stormed off the stage in disgust.
     “Alright look, Pat, let’s hammer out the rest of these contestants as fast as we can, because momma needs some lovin’ too,” said Amo slyly as she grinned and Pat smiled and nodded yes.
     Then for another 20 minutes they went thru all the contestants until only three remained and they Emma, Menau, and Tori.  Each of them got asked to do a talent test before they could enter the grand finale.
     “I can change me, from the red of northern Queens!  It only fills my heart with dreams, but while I wonder about what’s right for meee.  I know that it’s never tragedy.  So I say this bit I hope that it rings trueee!  I always loved my pa and mamma as I did you,” sang Tori awkwardly as she ran around the stage and dry humped a pair of chairs. 
     Then Tori ran and did a full split, but she threw out her back as she did and fell over on her side and shouted,” Motherfucker, you shit faced nut head!  I’ll kill you all for this embarrassment!”
     “You may leave the stage now,” said Pat in a deep voice as he calmly waved to Tori who meanwhile was being wheeled off on a stretcher.   And the crowd cheered and Tori threw a thumbs up to the crowd.    And they cheered even louder while Amo rolled with laughter.
     “That Tori is a spitting image of why we need cemeteries.  Boy it warms my kettle of coffee when I put it on the stove, metaphorically speaking of horse,” said Amo sarcastically as she swooned to the piano song being played by Pat on a tiny computer keyboard in front of him.
     “Oh that’s the good stuff.  My fans know when I’m in the zone.  Which I’m not now, woo BUTTPLUG!” said Pat jokingly and sarcastically as he played a raucous and indistinguishable piano song that the crowd wasn’t enjoying and they cringed.    This while Pat was on the verge of hysterics and Amo rubbed his back.
     “It’s now time for, Emma, to display her formidable acting prowess.   Emma, show us your Tando Giver, we can’t wait,” said Amo slyly as she rubbed Pat’s head. 
     Tando Giver was a blonde haired California boy, only he was from Maine.  His looks were so stunning that they made most beautiful women instantly nervous and hot and bothered.  He studied method acting in his teen years, but felt there were more powerful emotions to be gotten too.   And he did this by instituting large powerful fantasies into his mind just as the right moments occurred.  His style of acting was categorized as Flashy and terrifying and became known as Givernomics.  He won 3 consecutive Oscars before he turned 20 years old.   And that thoroughly terrified the older generation of actors as they knew they couldn’t do what he did.  Tando said of acting,” I won’t let reality get in the way of a scene.  Instead I’ll start a thread of original emotion a few moments before the director says action.    And stay in that world until someone pulls me out kicking and hopefully screaming.  Tando later quipped,” If I knew it all, I’d be a jet airplane in a tunnel, unbearable.”
     Emma walked slowly out onto the center of the stage and started wrapping her bare legs around a chair, as her head swayed back and forth.
     “She’s swaying me to death.  I thought she was a Tando?” asked Pat softly and sarcastically as he stared right at Emma’s large round butt and fantasized about a three way with Amo.    This while Amo thought how beautiful Emma’s movements were.  Then the crowd started to boo as she continued to sway her head back and forth and a man yelled out,” Your acting’s like my French toast, only good when I’m not hungry!”
     “Oh let the dying fool of idiocy try and bring down the ax I use for these affairs!  Let him know that no one dare stare at my chicken or its numerous yellow eggs for long without a descending blow upon their neck!  I am the keeper of things!  I know where you’ve hidden the answers to every moment of genius.  And If you won’t spare us the injustice of you and your gun filled with air.  Then a thunderclap of new ideas will…” said Emma fiercely, but just then Pat hit the button for a loud long farting noise.   And then Pat filled the room with the smell of shit.
     “I apologize I eat too much cheese, ‘cause yes it’s the cheesiest,” said Pat sarcastically into the microphone as Emma scowled at him.    And Amo laughed and then Pat said slyly,” please continue we’re still awake.”
     “Let the skulls of destiny roll down a hill of success as I run thru the fields of satisfaction.  God knoweth I am the owner of my dreams.   And no one will ever hold my soul in perpetuity while I languish in horror!  Never, you bitches, never!” shouted Emma as she pounded her chest and spit at the crowd as she tore off her clothes.
     “Yeah, o.k. great up next Menau and her yo-yo.  Thanks, Emma, for scarring me for life.  Now it’s another 10 years of therapy before I can say dad, I love you!” said Pat jokingly and sarcastically as the crowd burst out laughing and Emma stormed off the stage.   And Emma she shook her head as the smell of shit was burning her nostrils.
     Then up walked Menau with a red and green yo-yo shaped like the Three Stooges characters of Larry and Curly.   And she clapped her free hand against her hip to get the audience to clap for her.  The audience started clapping and Menau started spinning her yo-yo in front of her stomach very calmly.   Then suddenly she started doing sideways flips while yo-yoing.  Then she did a twisting running flip as she flung the yo-yo high into the rafters.  And as she landed she lunged backwards over her shoulder and got it with her teeth.
     “I haven’t seen a trick that good since Bobby Belings told me his dick tasted like smores.  Boy I miss camping,” said Amo sarcastically as she folded her arms and looked down at her chest.   And Amo wished she had larger breasts.   And she looked at Menau’s breasts and thought how lucky she was at her age to have the large size she did. 
     “Baby, my dick tastes like smores.  Mainly because I rubbed some on it at breakfast,” said Pat sarcastically as he grinned slightly and Amo smirked and squinted at him.   This while Pat looked at Menau and saw her do a one handed handspring.   And then do a lightning quick spin with the yo-yo behind her back.   And Pat thought how talented she was and wished he had been more motivated when he was young.
     Then Menau started doing a forward spin on the floor and continued yo-yoing as she did, as the crowd cheered louder and louder.   Menau rolled up onto her feet and tapped the Larry and Curly heads together. And when she did they burst into confetti and covered Menau.
     “She is just awesome and I do mean amazingly awesome.  In the biggest way possible,” said Pat in shock as the crowd gave Menau a standing ovation.   Amo looked at Pat sternly and Pat asked,” what, did I steal your breakfast?  ‘Cause that wasn’t me.”
     “This isn’t a talent show.  It’s a spelling bee where someone’s getting a million dollars.  Man up and do something,” said Amo firmly as she shook her head.    Pat grinned as he knew what was about to happen and she didn’t.   Then he pointed to his brain implying he was smarter than her.
     “Alright great, Menau, I had a feeling you’d be so good and GREAT, but I’m contractually obligated not to say so.  Now the 2 people who will face off in the ultimate final showdown!  Are…” said Pat loudly in a deep voice.   Then he jumped up on the Judges box and started spanking himself and shaking his hips.   He did all this while he made a sound like a dying horse.
     The crowd looked on in shock, as well as embarrassment for Pat as he got down on his knees and acted like a puppy waiting for a treat.    And Amo didn’t know what to think, but was thankful no one in the audience could see her in the Judges box.
    “The winner, of a chance, at being a real stud winner is…,” said Pat coyly and in a deep voice as he smiled from ear to ear.    And he had no intention of announcing the winners until he saw them squirming more.    He was watching them out of the corner of his eye and then he started crying, as he wanted their sympathy.    Amo started laughing and Pat said sternly,” the person, who personifies a true legend in our business.  And the man we look to in times of need to bring it on home…Tando Giver everyone!”
     Then a holographic forest of large green trees appeared on the stage.  Then out walked a Tando look-a-like and the crowd started to cheer.  And the contestants were taken aback, as even they couldn’t tell it wasn’t him.
     “Oh my god, Tando, I can’t believe it’s you,” said Tori in shock as she sat in her wheelchair and started weeping.   
     And this happened as Menau looked at her mom and mouthed the words,” Who is Tando?”
     “Oh I thought this day was a certainty, oh, Tando, I knew you’d lift the restraining order,” said Emma quietly as an odd not at home smile crept across her face.    And the fake Tando named Ret Ciggle ran up onto a hanging step ladder.    And then he was hoisted up above the stage as he smiled to the cheering crowd.
     “Tando, I knew that I loved you.  Tando, make me your lover.  I may not be a looker, but I’ll do whatever you want me toooo.  So grab my ass and shake my tits.  You don’t have to say I’m pretty.  Tando, we were born to be foreverrr.  We are here because of sanc-ti-ty,” said Pat sarcastically and softly as he played his piano and Amo laughed.   Amo draped her arms over his shoulders as the crowd continued to cheer.   And they were about to explode and Pat thought he was too happy for words.
     Ret floated over Emma’s head and she started reaching for his feet and screaming incoherently.  Ret looked down and saw this and was a little scared at how crazy she looked.  Then Emma ran and jumped at Ret’s feet latching onto his foot.    But she slid off him with his shoe in her hands.    And fell flat on her back with the size 10 Nike dress shoe snuggly in her mouth.  She started hugging the shoe and then Emma said excitedly,” Oh Jesus, Tando, your feet smells so sexy I can’t ever forget this heavenly scent as long as I  breathe!  Come back, Tando, I want satisfaction!” shouted Emma as she tried to stand up, but she felt a pain in her leg so she laid back down.
     “Oh god did you see that, Pat?” asked Amo in disbelief as she put her hand over her mouth.    And Pat pulled out a tube of Hydrocodone pills and offered Amo one.   And she took 3 and said warmly,” thank you love o’ life.”
     “Yes I saw it and there is a heaven.  And it’s up on that stage.  Wait ‘til you see this next part, oh deliver me a memory,” said Pat coyly as he reached over and pressed a white button.    And it started snowing on the stage, with it being nearly a whiteout scenario.
     Tori and Menau were being doused and Tori shouted,” I’ll shove a red hot poker up your asses!  You think you can fuck me and my hot pussy!  I’ll put a right hard hook in your cocksuckin’ faces!  Don’t’ dare me I’ve killed for less!” screamed Tori as she tried to stand up, but the pain was too much.
     Menau meanwhile was making snow angels on the stage and singing Frosty the Snowman.    Meanwhile Ret was looking around not knowing what to do.  Emma worked her way to her feet and then ran over and tackled Ret.   This sent the two of them hard to the floor.  Then the song,” Burnt in heaven,” by the band,” Another cast out angel,” could be heard blaring thru the speakers and a chorus of boos from the audience ensued.
     Another cast out angel is comprised of a group of M.I.T. professors who abandoned the pursuit of knowledge for the pursuit of pussy and cash.  They set about calculating the odds that certain lyrics would be a hit for one.   Certain styles of singing could be more popular for two.    And even lastly figured out what types of bios and credos the band would have to have.    Like Peter Ren who was a nuclear fission professor whose name became Peta Bomb, and his credo,” Maybe it’s mine, but I’m outta blood so suck it.”   The other two members altered everything.    From their appearance which Red Mount grew his hair to his shoulders and had a professional stylist curl it and weave it properly to look just like Robert Plant’s hair.   To Cumstock Johnson, formerly Paul Storsky, changed his speaking voice to that of an English accent by using a professional linguist.  After they’d made the necessary changes and had the necessary surgeries to turn back the clock.   They chose pop rock slash country as their style of music based on the fact they were large sellers at the time.  Then they enlisted professional teachers to show them how to play, sing, and even move on stage.  Then 4 months later they were the biggest band in the world and had so much money they founded their own college titled aptly,” Learned Youth and Hell seekers college.”
     “O.K. look, Amo, if this isn’t the scene of your dreams then I apologize for not having more Reeses Pieces.  Now listen up and throw your eyes to the crowd,” said Pat slyly and coyly as he pointed out in the audience.   And Amo looked and saw 6 large men in demon outfits.    And they had giant muscles that were colored burgundy and had horned heads.   And Amo’s eyes bugged out as she felt scared and nervous.
     “What in the glory hole’s return is that?  Jesus did we just switch dimensions or something?” asked Amo nervously and sarcastically as she watched the demons pull out white iris grenades called Fundas.   And then they hurled them into the audience.   This caused a fireworks light explosion of yellow, purple, and turquoise lights that formed the image of a bull and Zebra engaging in a fierce fight.
     Fundas cause a person’s iris to focus and unfocus rapidly.    As it tricks your eye into seeing things that aren’t there by sending a powerful neurotoxin into the air that you then breathe in.  The effect of the Fundas lasted for 5 minutes and brings about euphoric rushes for those who inhaled it.  It also makes a person very amorous, as well as supremely focused on whatever they are doing at the time.  They were created by Dr. Igor Funda during his senior year at Harvard.   He was trying to create a drug that had no side effects, but was also above prosecution by the police.   After several months and several misfires, he happened upon an herb found in the Himalayas that was known to cause partial blindness called Saral.  Then he grinded it up into a fine powder and mixed it with other chemicals.  Then he started selling it at parties and thus started his empire.              
     “Not us, them, those people out there are really about to see a show when I announce the finalists.  Keep your eyes on the crowd for a minute,” said Pat coyly then he turned on his microphone as the contestants were now covered in snow.    With Emma making out with a happy Ret and then Pat said sternly,” the two finalists are Menau and Emma, Tori, you just creeped me out too much now beat it you tranny freak.”
     “Whatever in the piss soup did I do to you to make you lose our love?  I swear I will hurl that brick made of shit that I so desperately love at your trailer as I shout,” said Tori calmly and then she raised her fists above her head and shouted,” you FUCKR HEADCASE cunt bum mofo rat dink bastard!  I’ll kill you and the very thought of your jerk ass!  I’ll smoke your ashes while I sleep with your flat chested bitch of a girlfriend there!  You haven’t heard the last of Tori’s stink and awe campaign!  I’ll haunt your dirt faced children too, ‘cause that’s how I roll!” shouted Tori then Pat motioned to his bodyguards.   And they grabbed her wheelchair and started pushing her off the stage.   This as Menau covered her ears and Amo and Pat fought back laughter.   Then Pat turned on a holographic mirror ball on the stage.
     The mirror ball made the crowd gasp, but just as they did an ominous bassy piano started to play.   Then 50 white hawk shaped canisters were shot over the stage from either side.  As they got to the center the hologram of the mirror ball appeared to gobble them.  Then suddenly they exploded.   And a huge green and black devil appeared in their stead towering 20 feet in the air.   He has balls in each hand and an armament of weapons across his chest.  He pulls out his machine gun out and shouts at the audience,” You’re all fuckin’ dead!”
     Then he started firing his guns at the audience scaring them into a panic, but the bullets were only made of different colored lights.   Many of the people ran for the exits as Amo laughed hysterically and Pat rubbed her back and smiled.
     “Isn’t it heaven, Amo?” asked Pat warmly as he pulled back Amo’s hair and grinned as they watched the unbridled chaos.    And Pat felt lucky to have Amo and she felt the same way at that very same moment as they looked on in wonderment.
     “This is way beyond heaven, Pat, I think, and that’s what my brain’s for, that someday I might think of this again and wonder.    What a pair of fucking PSYCHOS you and I are.   Because, Pat, I can’t get over how fun it is to watch that many panicked faces,” said Amo sincerely and half jokingly as she teared up and then kissed Pat’s hand.    And Pat felt he truly loved her just then, more than he ever had and Amo was content.
     Up on the stage Menau and Emma were doing other things.    With Emma giving Ret a blowjob and Menau skipping around the stage playfully, as she was totally oblivious to what was happening.
     “Yes, Amo, I am wise and my ideas pristine, but don’t let a surgeon into my dreams!” sang Pat sarcastically as he danced around either side of Amo’s head.    And then Pat said warmly,” Amo, you’re all I think about when I have many things on my mind.   So why don’t we get this party started,” said Pat boldly as he reached down beneath his seat and pulled out a Superman mask with a pair of silver sunglasses affixed to it.   And he put it on as Amo smiled.
     “What, you’re a super hero now?” asked Amo dryly and jokingly as she pulled back her hair and laughed.    This while Pat nodded quickly and a wry smile came across his face.
     “I always was, you just needed to know now, because the safety of the world depends on it.  Now time for my numerous bitches!” said Pat loudly and jokingly as he jumped up on the Judges box.    And as he did a red spotlight shone down on him as the room lights went out.   And then Pat said slyly,” I’ve got to make changes to me or I’ll only be half the unbelievable twice the great man I say I am.   And if I don’t lives will be lost and the finality of my unbridled greatness will be oh, but a fine and treasured memory, by all of you.   Now in regards to the spelling bee, it’s over and the winner, will have to take my million and TRY and BE HAPPY!” said Pat coyly and emotionally as a bodyguard came up and offered him a tissue.    And Pat looked away quickly and shook his head no.   Then Pat thundered,” the sweet and gooey champion will be…decided in a 2 word naked free- for-all mid stage!  And if you answer both words correctly, and there is a collapsing universe to contend with.    Then I’ll have to keep the money and you’ll both get nothing, but a warm smile from me!  No I’m just, having a bit of fun with you, one of you is about to walk home with air, and the other a millionaire!”
     “Is it me first or, Emma, cause I’m ready for Freddie?” asked Menau happily as she smiled and played with her fingers.   And Pat started crying and Emma had her hand on Ret’s ass, as he stood beside her.  Amo looked at everything and just smiled and thought I’ve seen it all.
     “Now wait a minute you little tart.  I don’t want to stand up here all day.  I’d rather know if I’m rich or just poor or poorer.  So how ‘bout I go first, Pat, I know I’ll get it right?” asked Emma in a thick British accent as she squinted at Pat.   This while Pat was shaking and had a stream of tears rolling down his face.  As he remembered when his friend Rand died in a bicycle accident when they were each 8, by getting hit coming out of their driveway.
     “Are you alright, Pat?  Is it too much for you cause I can handle it from here?” asked Amo in a concerned voice as Pat fell to his knees and started punching the top of the Judges box.    And then Pat glared at Menau.
     “Chuka Khan, Chuka, where my little Chuka now?  Did she steal the old brown cow?!  Are there dangles in the berry?  Is she feelin’ like she looks, kinda scary!  Chuka can you hear me, Chukaaaaa!” sang Pat as he danced in a circle and the crowd cheered him on as a backing track to the song Maniac started to play.
     “Jesus F. Christ, have you completely lost it?” asked Amo happily as Pat gyrated his hips and nodded to the music.   And the crowd went crazy and Emma, Ret, and Menau smiled and clapped for Pat.
     “I’m way past lost it, I’ve found it and we are lovers,” said Pat boldly as the song hit its crescendo with an organ part from The Who song,” Baba o’ Reily.”
     “Alright, I just wanted to be sure.  Now how ‘bout I do this,” said Amo boldly as she jumped up next to Pat and kissed him.  Then she flashed the audience her bare breasts and Pat nodded yes.  And the crowd cheered as a small boy in the crowd’s eyes bugged out so far his mother covered his eyes with her hand.
     “O.K. we’re almost at the point where I feel o.k. with being a third of the way to finding our winner,” said Pat sarcastically and slowly and then the crowd booed.    And Pat shook his head and laughed and then said sarcastically,” I know you can’t get enough and you’re thirsting for more of my singin’ and dancin’.  So I’ll give it to you in spades.  Randy give me an F sharp!” shouted Pat and then a guitar player off stage began playing an F sharp note and a series of chords.    And Pat sang drunkenly,” let’s hear a rousing good old fuck you!  For all of our friends who drank all of our brew.  And when we arrive at a place we weren’t going!  The tires will run flat and the sky will be raining FROZEN TEARS!!   So if you think that I’m handsome you’d be right.   But don’t coo ‘cause I’m Boner McDuff and my hard on’s dark bluuee!”
     “He should get an ovation you fuckers!  Get off your asses already!” shouted Amo sarcastically and angrily at the crowd as Pat was down on one knee waving his hand and shaking his head no.   This while Menau started to fidget and Emma furrowed her brow and folded her arms.
     “Has he gone loco? I had an uncle who ate paste, always thought the ground was crying.  This Pat thou makes him look like a psychiatrist,” said Emma sternly as Menau kept nodding and thinking about Billy Bowdoin her schoolyard crush.    And she wished he were here so she could smile at him.     The crowd started to get a little antsy and started hurling obscenities at Pat and Amo, as Pat started to do the worm on the Judges box.   And then he pressed a red button and Menau, Ret, and Emma were covered in thick brown mud followed by a ball of orange cat fur.
     “We’re just getting warmed up!  Who’s not having fun, anybody!” yelled Pat as he pretended he didn’t know what happened on stage.    And Amo turned and saw Emma storm off the stage, but as she did a large man in a red suit stopped her by shooting her with a fireman’s hose.   This sent Emma hard onto her back again.
     Then a deluge of water was dropped on Menau and Ret.   And a dozen staffers again ran up on the stage this time with designer clothes by Armani and the changing stalls lowered to the floor.   Emma was lying on the floor and then she shouted,” The fucking queen is gonna hear about this and she’ll kill everyone of you who’s laughin’!”
     Then after Emma, Ret, and Menau had changed Pat pulled out a top hat for he and Amo.  And they were each green and had red floral design, with a tiny doll of a naked man taking a piss on the brow of Pat’s.   And on the brow of Amo’s a woman riding a goat with her legs spread eagle.
     “O.K. alright I know what you’ve been waiting for and it isn’t to pay those needless taxes.  Or mow that never ending lawn while it rains.    Or when you’re midway thru and a sheik tackles you from behind and shouts, GET OFF MY LAWN, I told you not to come back here after you and shit in my birdbath!” shouted Pat as he flailed his arms and the crowd started to clap.    And then he nodded yes and asked sarcastically,” don’t ya hate that?  Or when you’re held hostage by a tribe of cannibals who say you taste like filet mignon, because all they’ve eaten is their own excrement.  Don’t ya hate that, it’s happened to me twice, show me the love please?!” asked Pat sarcastically as he put his hands out towards the audience and a man yelled out,” when will they get the million?!”
     “Yeah we’re dyin’ to know,” said Amo slyly as she grinned at Pat who gave a no nod and then a yes nod.    And then Grega, Den, and Rosemary walked up to the Judges box and looked at Pat and Amo.   And they were laughing as they didn’t know what to think of Amo and Pat.   And Amo said slyly,” You haven’t missed a thing.  Why don’t you have a seat?” asked Amo warmly and coyly as she smiled slightly.    And Rosemary shook her head and then Grega, Den, and Rosemary sat down in the Judge’s box.
     “Look people, I’ve been thru so many things.  Like that time I woke up with a pig’s ass in my grill and it smelled bad.  I won’t tell ya what he ate for dinner, but I could taste it oooh.  Then in my teens I met a woman with sharp purple nose hairs that I wanted to touch.   And when I turned my head away from her, just for a moment, that bitch’s purple nose hairs caught me right in the eye.   So I know you must be thinking, boy he’s had an unbelievable life, aren’t his stories about himself a little wild and too remarkable.   Why can’t I be interesting like him and have such times?   I’ll tell ya the truth, you can’t!   Because it’s all bullshit and I’m a lying machine.  So sit back as I find a better way to sniff my farts,” said Pat sarcastically in a warm voice as he paced back and forth.   And Grega and everyone laughed while the crowd booed and started throwing packs of gum and combs at Pat.
     “Oh Jesus, what have we missed?” asked Grega as he tried to contain his laughter as Rosemary and Den couldn’t.    And they wished they’d gotten there sooner as Amo saw them laughing and grinned.   Menau meanwhile was sitting in her black strapless Armani dress in a red leather recliner next to Emma.   And Emma was in a lacy red off the shoulder frock that went to just above her knees, with a built in pair of white spandex leggings.   And Emma had a stern look on her face as she was very angry, but did not want anyone to know she was about to burst.
     “We were missin’ pure poetry, Grega, he’s in the mother fuckin’ zone!” yelled Den as he sat forward and wiped the tears of joy from his face.   Rosemary sat there laughing and thinking how sexy Pat looked up there, as Pat pretended to play the violin and Amo patted his belly.       
     “Maybe we see eye to eye.  Maybe that’s why grown men cry.  I only say this…bums smell like ass!  They really stink of shit and, I don’t know when they forgot to bath their bodies of caked on street person.  But I love them and think hey, let’s change the world.  Let’s start right now by each of us going out and finding a cardboard hotel.   And inviting our new friend home with us!  I’d even say leave your bedroom door wide open as you sleep, because they may want to snuggle.   And don’t worry about them bashing your head in with a lead pipe.   No, no if anything it’s just their way of waking you up.  And as you lie there near dead, remember this refrain…Chuka can you hear me, Chuka!” said Pat sarcastically as the crowd booed and Pat pretended they were hugging him as he hugged the air.   And Grega was laughing hysterically as Amo had to look away.   This while Menau and Emma were even laughing themselves at what a funny buddy Pat was being.
     “That boy is so far beyond weirdsville.  Ya know I’m goin’ up there.  Why should he have all the fun?” asked Rosemary slyly as she stood up.    And then she walked over to Pat and Amo and tapped Amo on the shoulder.
     “Rosemary, how great for us to meet you in a completely normal way,” said Amo sarcastically as Amo smiled.   And Pat started kissing the air and the crowd let out a round of disgusted sighs.
     “You can’t fool me, I know you and Pat are aliens.  Can the audience hear me right now?” asked Rosemary as she leaned in next to Amo.    And then she heard a man yell,” of course we hear you, you shithead!  Get off the stage!”   And this caused Rosemary to blush and she looked at the audience.
     “Let ‘em have it, Rosemary,” whispered Amo in her ear.    And Rosemary smirked and did a curtsy and nodded yes with a big smile.    This while Pat pretended to still be kissing someone.
     “Look my brothers and sisters of the food stamp crowd, I stand before your shirts of piss stain and your pants of holes and ask.  Can a woman of superior intellect truly exist in a room filled with idiots?  No, no she can only resist the temptation to pummel each of you jackasses over the head with your government cheese and Velcro zippers.  Now beg at my breast of comeuppance you fools of fooldum,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she spoke in a deep almost Kennedy like voice.    And Rosemary only peeked at the audience occasionally when they booed louder.    Grega and Den couldn’t stop laughing.   While Emma and Menau were sitting comfortably as they were brought a couple of pieces of pizza and ate ravenously.  But they didn’t realize it had been covered in a powerful laxative and the soda they were drinking had a high level of Dadca in it.
     “Oh how I’ve waited to say nothing and do even less at this very moment.  The rides of starch are upon us and the world is near its death,” said Pat in a Shakespearian ease as he held his hand outstretched in front of him like he had a skull in it.    And then he said sarcastically,” do be a friend to me as I am so very lonely!  Please reach out to this man before he dies in front of you!  Let not the loss of love end a relationship!  Eat more beef, but let no cows die!  I am but a lowly supreme being and prophet of the needy!  Let this sunlight bring light to an early morning!  When this comes down, let there be rain on the plain BAGELS!” thundered Pat sarcastically as he glared at the audience.   And they burst into massive cheering and Amo started to weep.    And Grega and Den laughed as hard as they could while Rosemary smiled and looked around the audience.   And Rosemary thought about how powerful she felt.
     “Den, that’s the funniest thing I’ve ever seen.  Did we just walk into a different dimension?” asked Grega.    And he looked at Den and tried not to feel inferior to Pat by sticking it to Den, as he knew he could do that easily.
     “We’re there already, and the scenery is playboy photos and used rubbers.  It just feels like home that’s all,” said Den jokingly and sarcastically as he made a hand gesture like the wind was blowing him backwards.   And he stared chuckling loudly as he caught Grega’s apparent slight.   And Den didn’t let him have it causing Grega to grin.
     “What do you mean, are we back in Maine?  Is this your parents basement with all your soiled underwear on the floor, what?” asked Grega sarcastically as he knew this time he was sticking it to Den because Den lived with his parents.    And Den could only smirk as he didn’t want to let on that he was mad, but realized it was too late. 
     “I am what I made me, and that’s momma’s son.  You didn’t seem to mind when I was rollin’ your dubees back in preschool,” said Den half jokingly as he remembered when Grega was 9 and he rolled Grega a joint.    And he got stoned with him and Grega tried to eat a dog turd.    And Grega forced a smile as that was a sore spot, because Den repeatedly brought it up at odd times.
     “A little juvenile dubbage.  How can I forget?  Boy this is a great show,” said Grega vacantly and coyly as he wanted to punch Den in the face.    But Grega hid his contempt for him, because he just didn’t have that many friends.   While Den quietly smiled and looked up to see Pat, Amo, and Rosemary up on the stage standing beside Menau and Emma who were sitting still.
     “Menau, Emma, Menau, Emma, you will be the first to go, Menau, Emma.  Alright, Menau, spell the word Staringpeni.  You have one minute!” said Pat sharply and jokingly as he quickly backed away from Menau and let out a grunt.    Menau felt instantly nervous and started fumbling with her dress as Grega was still fuming at what Den had done.    And Grega was trying to make Den uncomfortable by completely ignoring him, but Den didn’t care because he was stoned.
     “Staringpeni, can you use it in a sentence?” asked Menau nervously as she felt very embarrassed that it was a word she’d never heard of.    And Pat raced back over to her side and started staring down at her.    
     “Do you want me to let you visit with my, Staringpeni?  You have one minute, one minute or your fucked, hurry up!” said Pat loudly and jokingly as he continued to stare at Menau.    And she looked up at him wide eyed and nervous.   This while Amo slid in on the other side of her and also stared down at Menau who looked up and cringed. 
     “This girl’s meat, I can tell right now it smells of kid bacon, she’s gonna blow it,” said Den joyously as a wide smile came across his face.   And Den looked up at Menau and thought how quiet Grega was being.    The Den looked over at him and saw an angry expression on his face and asked warmly,” you look a little pissed off, Grega, are you alright?  You know I’ve got medicine.”
     Grega just stared forward blankly and didn’t respond to Den.   And now Grega was even madder that Den thought he could ask him anything.    When Den knew Grega was pissed.    Grega acted like he didn’t hear Den and Den grinned and shrugged his shoulders.   Then he looked up at the stage knowing now that Grega was being a baby, but not caring.
     “Staringpeni, S T A R I N G…P E N…I, Staringpeni.  Did I win, can I stick it to people?” asked Menau excitedly as she jumped up and down.   And Pat and Amo glared at her and each shook their heads yes and no respectively.   Menau threw up her hands and stuck out her tongue and said nervously,” wha wha woooh.”
     “Menau, I’ve heard some stupid things, I’ve seen some disgusting gestures in lewd and uncouth porno.  But I’ve never, and I mean never, rolled over at 3 in the morning and seen a vat of sheep innards or a side of beans.   Now that said, I’m gonna say something to you and your not gonna like it, but I’m gonna love it, Menau, Menau, you just made, Emma’s, life a living hell!    And you need deodorant, because you got it 187 percent right!” yelled Pat as he started dancing like James Brown.    Menau jumped up and did a twisting full split and Emma got very nervous.    Den laughed hysterically as he was dying for a stress release because Grega was still pissed and he knew it.   This while Grega halfheartedly clapped and forced a smile, as he wanted to punch Pat in the head and kick Den in the balls. 
     “I fuckin’ knew I was a champion!  I am so fucking great right now!” shouted Menau as she did an awkward dance and pointed to the crowd with a mischievous grin on her face, as the crowd cheered.   And Emma looked on in disbelief with her hands on her hips.    Pat and Amo put on a pair of black and red paisley design leather jackets.    And each grabbed a long rubber sword from one of Pat’s bodyguards.
     “Come on now, have a bit of respect for old, decrepit, Emma.  You incorrigible sprat, wise up already,” said Emma in disgust at Menau acting like she was riding a horse as the crowd cheered.   And Pat and Amo slid in beside Emma with wry smiles on their faces.  This caused Emma to get nervous and fold her arms while Ret walked off stage.
     “Emma, a lot of women have virginas, but yours has a mind all its own.  I would categorize its aroma as upper Northeast fishing community of Rockland with a dash of big city skank.   Now that we’re both here and the timing is right.    I wanted to tell you it was me who pushed you hard into that box of half eaten donuts!   But only then if I’d have known what a colossal bitch you are, I would have done it nearer to a elephant dung receptacle,” said Pat sarcastically as he fought back laughter and Emma moved her hand out and then put them on her hips.     And she wondered if it was worth a million dollars to take all this abuse.    She forced a smile while Grega, Den, and Rosemary laughed hard and Rosemary raced over to Emma with a white tissue.
     “It’s alright, go ahead and let go of your anger and rage.  That’s it, cry your tears of wet,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she looked at Emma with a concerned face.   And Emma nearly broke down and cried, as Amo put her arm around Emma’s waist.
     “Go ahead and remember, only big girls get to cry that’s what momma says,” said Amo sarcastically as she pulled back Emma’s hair and gave her a concerned look.    And Emma started to tremble and then she broke down and cried.    And Amo said coyly,” it’s been hard on ya, Emma, hasn’t it?  I know we can work thru you bein’ such a bastard.  And you will just do everything we tell ya too, like hop on one leg,” said Amo slyly and coyly and then Emma started crying and hopping on one leg.   Rosemary looked away because she couldn’t contain her laughter.     
     “That’s my girl, there you are you bein’ my girl.  Isn’t this the greatest moment you’ve ever spent, Emmakins, hmm?” asked Pat sarcastically as he looked at Emma with a blank stare.    And the crowd cheered as Emma nodded yes and hugged Pat tightly.    And Pat kept his head back from her.
     “That’s right, isn’t it great everybody that, Emma, has found herself after venereal disease and prison?  I know it was hard on you to be such a basket case from when you were born up to now,” said Amo sarcastically as Emma started grabbing Pat’s butt.    And he instantly tried to pull away as Grega and Den laughed loudly.    And many in the audience were in tears as a Technicolor curtain was lowered behind everyone on the stage.  And it has the face of Duth Wired sewn onto it showing him scowling and clenching his fist.
     Duth Wired is a radio personality as well as a self proclaimed prophet.   And he came up out of the Desag movement in Greenwich Village 7 years prior.  The Desag movement is the belief that all things do not pass, but essentially are thrown forward to other generations one bit of desperation and violence at a time.  What the Desags believe has to be done to avoid this, is to wipe the slate clean every 6 months by all parties involved deciding to hold a,” Release day.”   This is where for that day no mention of past atrocities or harsh words whatsoever worldwide will be spoken.  And in their stead you would have, an outpouring of complimentary ideas and large non-threatening parties around the globe.  Duth saw it his mission to make this a reality.  And every year it has built up momentum with Duth saying in a speech,” We are and we were, always together.  Only our refusal to forget our father’s tears and our mother’s slights, prevented us from ever being truly one, and thus truly whole.”   Duth got so wrapped up in his beliefs in the movement that he soon started to believe he was a prophet.  Then he wrote a series of rules to live and die by that included,” If it takes a million smiles unreturned to brighten the skies, then I am smiling just now and always.  To feel the ache of the past is a joke to me and our kind,” as well as the one,” Try finding a new friend in an old friend, and never without a friend you shall be.”  Duth left a notepad at a rally in Duluth that listed the reasons he felt for racism and it read simply,” Fear of sameness in the different and truly the same is to blame.”
     “O.K., Emma, I know you waited long and hard to get to this moment.  I had sex with 3 women and a gorilla suit in collage.  I laughed at a raisin salesman at a convenience store as he split the seat of his pants, not but 3 hours ago.  There was a time when I stole condoms from my father just to fill them with grape jelly.    And HURL them at lightning speed out of my car window in junior high.  And I even hit my gym teacher with one, honest.  So let that be a lesson to you all, never drop your head on the downswing with a driver.    And not raise it at impact or you’ll fucking kill a shit eating goat in Mars Hill.  God damn it I’m sexy!” said Pat sarcastically and half jokingly as he glared at Emma who frowned and looked back at him in shock.    Amo tried to hold it together and the crowd booed loudly.   Menau grimaced and covered her ears as she was shocked too.
     “What it takes to get ahead in this world, takes everything you got.  Findin’ a place to get awayyy.  Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name.  And the snacks are kinda lame.  And your crashing on a plain.  While the beer tastes like feetttt!” sang Rosemary as she acted like a gorilla and sniffed Emma.  And Emma was staring at her in sheer terror and the crowd didn’t know what to think. And then Rosemary asked sarcastically,” have you heard of chocolate covered shit?  It’s very chewy, but lacks on flavor.  Ya know I met a man who sang off key and was renowned for his flatulence, any relation?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she looked sternly at Emma who was still weeping.   And Grega and Den were rolling with laughter, while a woman in the audience yelled out,” enough of your potty mouths I’ve got kids here!!”   And Rosemary grinned and turned to the audience and shouted,” suck my fat dick you cunt faced skank!”
     “It’s about togetherness everyone, that’s what she’s tryin’ to say.  And I know what you’d like me to say, don’t I, Emma?” asked Pat warmly and sarcastically as he looked at Emma with a frown.   And she was wiping her tears and nodding yes.   And then Pat said sarcastically,” there’s a great woman I know, with boundless kindness and a true love for everyone she meets.  And she’s…mother liberty standing tall and proud as she keeps wretches like, EMMA, safe from her idiocy!  Let’s face it, if Emma were steering the ship we’d all fucking crash and die a horrific death, right, Emma?” asked Pat sarcastically in a stern voice as he tightly gripped Emma’s shoulders, making her feel uncomfortable and her eyes darted away.
     “We all know it, don’t we?” asked Amo sarcastically as she looked out in the audience.    And people started yelling out,” yes!” and,” that’s fucking right god bless America!” and Amo quickly turned to Pat and Emma.    And she smiled and nodded and Pat started clapping.
     “Oh my lord, Grega, where does this shit come asunder from?” asked Den honestly as he fought back tears from crying so hard while he was laughing.
     “I don’t know, but I get the feeling we shouldn’t have been late getting here, Jesus,” said Grega excitedly and then he laughed as Emma went to hug Pat and he sidestepped her.    And then Grega said firmly,” that’s right you little bitch.  You can’t hug ole, Pat, until he’s good and ready I says I say,” said Grega in a southern accent as he pretended to be over Den’s slight, but had just decided to look for a moment of weakness and then really stick it to Den.   Den was well aware what Grega was planning and was already thinking of a slight of his own to hurl at him.      
     “What’s that an Elmer Fud reference?  Boy is it Christmas already?  Emma, I feel the love in your thighs, and it’s a thunderous love.  I need you to buck up and listen closely to the next important thing I am about to utter.  Your word is loveosphinx.  Take your time you have 1 minute, now hurry you bitch!” yelled Pat as he hurried away from Emma.    And then out from behind Emma came a trio of men in stripped blue and green suits singing the song,” In bloom,” by the grunge band,” Nirvana.”   And they shot tiny rubber bullets at Emma from purple plastic machine guns.    
     “What in god’s hell is that?  Get the fuck away from me!  Stop shooting you ass suckers!” shouted Emma as she ran around the stage and continued getting pelted.    The crowd laughed and the 3 men chased after her as they continued to sing.   
     Then a dozen multi-colored mini elephant suit wearing women rode out onto the stage in golf carts that looked like Ferraris.    And they threw balloons filled with baby powder at Emma.
     “You have 30 seconds, Emma my love.  I wouldn’t dally if you want the million,” said Pat calmly and coyly as he made his way over to a stagehand.  And the stagehand gave him a bottle of Dr. Pepper and a pair of golden sunglasses.    This as he thought how funny it was Grega was watching him and Amo have such a great time.    And that he knew it was tearing Grega up inside, but that he had it comin’ to him.    Then Pat smiled to himself as he watched Grega and Den laughing at Emma.   Then Pat took a drink of his Dr. Pepper.
     “Emma, sure you don’t want to even enter a guess or something?” asked Amo coyly as she watched Emma run past her while she was getting pelted repeatedly in the back of the head.    And Amo thought just how amazing her life with Pat was becoming.    And that she knew she was right about being in love then and now.
     “Somebody call the British embassy I want to go home!” yelled Emma as she got hit by 3 of the balloons.    And then they exploded covering her head in baby powder.    And Pat waved his hands for them to stop pelting her and he raced over to her side.
     “Emma, I’m sorry, but you’ve missed your first word,” said Pat coyly as he put his arm around Emma without actually touching her body.   And gave Pat her a firm nod and he started to tear up as she wept.  And she thought it was odd that he was crying as nothing had happened to him.   And then Pat said sarcastically,” listen Chuka, I need to know if you know what I need, because I’m a fireball of love.  And once I pop the seal you’re lucky to be breathing when its’ over.  So I’m askin’ ya man to man, is it time for sweet lovin’ while the stars explode?” asked Pat sarcastically in a stern deep voice as he glared vacantly at Emma.  And Emma looked back at him with a grimace as she didn’t have any idea what he meant. 
     “Did I miss the word or no?” asked Emma nervously as she thought maybe he was gonna give her another chance at her first word.   And Pat realized this and burst out laughing.
     “Emma, in some other life I know we were married, but no.  That said you get to go first on your second word.  But before I utter that word I must be a man who must do some shit kickin’on my mofo stage.  Where my shit?!” shouted Pat as he did a series of karate chops.    And out ran a little person in a black leather motorcycle suit carrying a silver and yellow paisley design briefcase named Barney Rim.
     Barney Rim has seal black short gelled hair that is perfectly quaffed, as well as a soul patch that is perfectly round.  His eyes are dark green and very serious looking.  He stands 4’1” and weighs 89 pounds of sculpted muscle.  He is very handsome and also has on a pair of orange sunglasses with silver lenses.
     “If this ain’t the shit, then nothin’ is,” said Barney sternly as he handed Pat the briefcase.    And then pointed at him with both index fingers 3 times and then folded his arms and made a brave face.   This while he thought how sick and great it was to be on stage after all those years of ridicule as a child he’d endured.   He’d finally made it and he knew it so he pumped his fist and the crowd cheered.    And Pat grinned and started opening the briefcase.  
     Pat pulled out a sack of diamond jewelry, hundred dollar bills, and gold coins totaling 2 million dollars, as well as a blue and orange rubber pistol.  Then Pat aimed it at Emma and she ducked.   And he continued to try and aim it at her face, as she started to run off.   Pat shot her in the back with a 2 inch blueberry juice filled bullet that left a circle of blue on her back.
     “Emma, I was just joking.  If you’ll just come back here and stand with me, I’ll show you my sack?   I mean what’s in my friend’s sack, I mean my sack of riches.  C’mon now my favorite gal walk with me,” said Pat coyly and warmly as he put his arm around Emma.    And she wept openly as she had never been treated so well by anyone in all her life.    And as she looked at Pat she knew he’d take care of her.
     “Thank you, Pat, I knew you’d do ole Emma right,” said Emma warmly as she rubbed Pat’s stomach.  And he looked down at her powder covered face and thought how fetching she looked, but knew it was never gonna happen, because he loved Amo.   Pat smirked and looked over at Amo and she was smiling at him.   And she mouthed the words,” it’s alright our love is forever,” and Pat smiled and nodded as he winked at Amo. 
     “I’d like to take this moment to thank Sully’s tires on the lower east side for the panties and cod piece I’m wearing tonight.  And to also say pigeons are people too, so scoop the poop don’t let the pigeons own the roads!  And I believe in America, and no American should have to live in Liberia if there’s tent space in Central Park.  Put your hands together for condom poaches on spandex pants, because half of Portland got pregnant for wearing those very pants.   I’ve got 80 new nieces and nephews to blame for the critical shortage of Trojan ecstasy condoms!  Screw the whales, save the whale fishermen they’re always drunk and in dire need of dire needs!   It gets lonely out at sea and crew members can’t help those evil urges!  Whew am I horny,” said Rosemary sarcastically and jokingly as she jumped up and down.    And the crowd cheered and then booed as Grega, Den, and Amo laughed loudly.    And Pat was chuckling to himself as he thought how amazing Rosemary was and also how sexy her speech was.   And then he slapped Emma’s butt and stepped forward.
     “There are places that can’t be found by people with maps or even by their own residents.  But lurking just below those places are pockets of air and colonies of investment bankers.  I have a dream, and that dream keeps me awake when I’m trying to sleep thru my life’s worst MOMENTS!   Emma, I’m gonna break down and swear in an ancient language so watch it!  Blah blueeu goga memplace!  Boy I needed to get that off my chest and into your pants.  Admit it you’re wet right now aren’t ya?” asked Pat sarcastically as his put microphone next to Emma’s mouth like a penis and she hesitated for a moment.
     “I came 10 minutes ago, so that’s a yes.  You turn me on I admit it,” said Emma nervously as she smirked at Pat and she wished he’d kiss her already.   Then she went in for the kiss and Pat pulled away.   Emma tried to put him in a headlock and he fought her off as Amo raced over to help, but Emma just kissed his cheek and smiled.
     “Yeah, good and awkward that’s the way I like it.  Nice to get asphyxiated by a beautiful person and confidant like you, Emma.  You’re the best of us who are doing hard time.  I just had to say it.  Now, Emma, I got a bit of world rattling to discuss with your wet pussy,” said Pat sarcastically and jokingly as he bent down to eye level with Emma’s crotch.    And then blew on it and said sarcastically,” is that the wettest wet spot I’d heard about on this side of the Hudson?  Boy it’s bushy like an old man’s beard and twice as burly.”
     “Hey, Pat, how long were you gonna stay down there and count her pussy hairs?” asked Amo sternly as she stood there with her arms folded and a smirk on her face as she tapped her right foot.    But she wasn’t as angry as she was pretending she just wanted to scare Pat.   And Pat kept on blowing on Emma’s crotch and shaking his head and whispering to it.
     “Is there a hidden chest in there?  Are you hiding the Hope diamond in your red hot pussy?  I say this and I say it true I love you, awoo woo!” said Pat sarcastically in a little kid’s voice as Amo grabbed hold of his shoulder and had to pull him back from Emma’s crotch.    Emma laughed and thought what a bitch Amo was being.    And Pat fought to get back to Emma’s crotch and then stood straight up and said sarcastically,” Amo, I’d appreciate it if you’d stop embarrassing me and yourself.  Because these people deserve better than your lack of self respect.  And god damn it I deserve better!  Now I want you to apologize to Emma’s pussy, go ahead right now!” said Pat sarcastically as he folded his arms and started tapping his foot.    This while Amo was smiling from ear to ear and looking at Pat wide eyed.
     Then Amo gave Pat a stiff push to the chest and walked over to Emma and knelt down and said sarcastically in a deep voice,” Your pussy ain’t shit.  I ain’t sorry for nothin’!  I was raised to respect my elder’s pussy, but not yours you skank pussy!  So, is that a pink thong down there or Barbie underwear?” asked Amo sarcastically as she glared at Emma’s crotch.    And Emma felt nervous as she looked away quickly and fumbled with her hands.    
     “It’s Barbie red and pink.  They smell like gumballs,” said Emma nervously as the crowd laughed.   And Amo had to laugh as Pat thought how sexy Emma’s naiveté was and how amazing Amo was for playing along.
     “And yes there is justice for panties of gum, but none less important than crimes of red bum.  Let, Emma, be the woman the world needs her to be!” yelled Rosemary as she pumped her fists in the air.   And Grega and Den laughed as they thought how ridiculous the scene on stage was. 
     “Jesus, Den, there’s a woman for you.  Hell she might even be too smart fer ya,” said Grega coyly and sarcastically as he grinned and shook Den’s shoulder.  As Grega hoped he had stuck it to him, but wasn’t sure as Den laughed loudly.
     “About as smart as Betsy Grea was when you asked her, is there an age limit for Trojans,” said Den slyly as he knew it would bother Grega to bring up the time he went to ask the pharmacist how old you had to be to buy condoms.    And Grega’s then girlfriend Betsy Grea was one row over from him and heard the whole thing.   Then Grea punched him in the balls and dumped him on the spot.    This caused Grega to lose his first love and never hear the end of it from Den for years, as he was with him when it happened.
     Grega instantly stopped laughing and could only force a smile as Den laughed hysterically and tapped Grega on the shoulder.    Grega desperately wanted to punch him in the face, but was a little worried that Den would kick his ass.   Grega just stared forward at Emma being hit with rubber swords by Barney, and thought well isn’t that odd.
     “So, Emma, the time is finally here…for…a song,” said Pat coyly and then nodded quickly and sang off key,” if there’s dirt in the drawers, run for the hills of Tripoli!  Run away from the smells, of a diet unwell or you’ll be eating shit while you’re waiting for a train.  I won’t say that I love you to a woman I paidddd.  Instead I be bathing at the Tannersvill bridge!”
     The crowd booed loudly and Pat shook his head sideways and smiled from ear to ear.   Amo looked at him with a grin as she knew how perfect this night was.  Then a dozen robotic blue birds flew out of the rafters and went after Menau and Emma.
     “It’s the end of the world!  Somebody call the cops!” pleaded Menau as she tried to escape the stage, but there were 50 of Pat’s bodyguards blocking her and Emma’s way.  And Menau started screaming.
     “The bullocks is killing me!  Help, help me you son of Christless bitches!” screamed Emma as she ran and jumped up into a bodyguard’s arms.    And he wouldn’t let go of her so she punched him in the jaw.   And he laughed because she was so weak and Emma shouted,” I’ll kill your whole family!  I’ll pummel you to near death, then crack your skull open!  Let me go you fucker!”
     “The Malay and malady ensues.  Isn’t this the real stuff, Grega?” asked Den smoothly as he watched Emma squirm with glee.    And Grega was still pissed and refused to acknowledge that Den had said anything at all.   As Grega thought how much he hated Den right then and wanted to reach back and punch him in the jaw.    Den saw how angry he was and got a mischievous smile on his face as he knew his insult from earlier was still reaping benefits.    And then Den turned away because he felt an uncomfortable urge to laugh, but didn’t want Grega to see him laughing. 
     “It sure is a Malay I reckon.  Maybe the malady I ever see.  I bet such a thing don’t happen in Texas, but it should and I know it’d help the cattle of Malay,” said Grega jokingly as he laughed hard and used a southern accent.    And he was trying to make Den feel stupid and embarrassed because he didn’t think Den really knew what the words Malay and malady really meant.    But Den laughed even harder because he just wanted to release the tension that had been building and this pissed Grega off even more.
     “Sisterhood of the what, traveling morons?  Is that really your favorite movie, Emma?  I would have thought Hamlet or the Godfather.  Well we live and I get smarter ‘cause I read the labels on paint.  I don’t want to cast aspersions on your home world of England, but boy is the food bloody, and I do mean pudding,” said Pat sarcastically as he smiled at Emma who wasn’t sure if she should be insulted or laugh.     She nodded and smiled while Pat let a nasty 9 alarm fart that made everyone cringe.   And he started laughing while he patted his own butt.   And he knew that everyone on stage would have to smell it and then he laughed even harder.
     “Yeah, colon ripper, let’s all think about why we aren’t cool when we fill the air with ass.  Boy the times we’re not having and the crudeness I share.  Alright, Emma, she who smelt it dealt it.  Go ahead and apologize already for your one word ass speech,” said Amo sarcastically and sternly as she glared at Emma.  And Emma looked around nervously and then pointed to herself like Amo couldn’t be serious.
     “I didn’t, I wasn’t, I mean I did not do it.  That’s against my religion,” said Emma nervously as she lifted her chin and nodded.    And the crowd laughed while Pat hurried over to Emma and grabbed her right hand and lifted it high.
     “That’s right!   I worship a plastic Rambo doll in the Philippines as well.  And we are also against bathing and fuckin’ swearin’ for no reason.  And sun tan lotion and cat purrs.  Oh don’t get me started on shaving, don’t.  And one other thing, pole dancing with clothes on and Reises Pieces smugglers who get caught.  Oh don’t get me started on, weirdos and less weirds and more weirds really weird me out.  And using cat hair as a substitute for toupees.  And lastly why on Earth aren’t we all making love instead of football fields worth of hate.  I want a new world where the old world used to be that occupies the same place, but with only nice people and sprinkles there.  Let me hear ya, Chuka!” yelled Pat sarcastically as he shook his chest and made a goofy face.    And someone in the audience yelled out,” try Brooklyn or my uncles backyard ya idiot!”    Pat stepped to the front of the stage and shouted,” is that the same backyard where they buried grandma’s casserole!?  Cause I been there and I ate that very casserole not but two days ago!  Too much cheese, not enough onion woo!” shouted Pat sarcastically then he pretended to kick the audience and did a ridiculous dance.   And after all this time he felt invigorated and happy that they were trying to stick it to him.
     “Is it time, Pat for a word or whatsahoosit?” asked Amo warmly and jokinglyas she rubbed Pat’s stomach.    And he turned to her and saw in her eyes she wanted to hear the new word.
     “I’ve been waiting to ask if for 20 minutes.  It’s about time you came around,” said Pat sarcastically in a stern voice.    Then he turned suddenly and stormed over to Emma and Menau who were being held at center stage by Pat’s bodyguards.   And Pat kissed Emma on the lips and then said sternly,” words come and go, but never one this great…taintlove, once again taintlove.  You’ve got one minute before you’re dead and killed you bitch!” shouted Pat sarcastically as he jumped up and down and stuck out his tongue at Emma.    And she looked away quickly and swallowed hard.
     “Oh…c’mon, Emma, don’t blow this now.  You need to get this or you’re nothin’ and nobody,” said Emma slowly and nervously as she racked her brain.    And then in a flash it hit her and she said quickly,” taintlove T A I N T L O V E for the queen’s sake is it right?!”
     Pat pretended not to hear her as he paced back and forth with a hint of a smile on his face.    As Emma watched him exhale hard and her heart skipped a beat and she again swallowed hard.  Then Pat started nodding his head no and her eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped.  Then Pat walked right up to her and shouted,” You better believe it’s right, you ragamuffin!” 
     Then Emma let out a blood curdling scream and leapt up in the air.    And when she landed sprained her ankle and shouted,” Son of a bitch!  Oh motherfucker that hurt!”       
     “Yes, Emma, it does hurt to be a champion.  And now as you lick your wounds I turn to you, Menau,” said Pat calmly as he breezed over to Menau with his hands in his pockets.    This while he rocked side to side and Menau looked at him in terror.   As she knew he might do something mean to her and she wished for Booby just then.    And then Amo hurried over to Menau too and started dancing around her like a gypsy.
     “Are you ready for some football!?  Are you ready for a party, Menau?” asked Amo loudly and coyly as she put her mouth close to Menau’s face.   And Menau looked at her in shock while the lights on the stage turned purple.  Then a hologram of Pesidu Gai appeared.   And it started running towards Menau and Amo causing her to scream.    With Pesidu having dark green hair and fearsome golden eyes, as well as being 8’9” inches tall and 996 pounds of sheer terror inspiring muscle.
     Pesidu Gai is a premature baby born in Minsk.    That doctors said would be undersized in life, but as it were he developed a tumor on his thyroid in his 11th year.   Then he grew to his full height in only over a year.  He was so feared by his classmates that he had to be tutored at home.   Due in large part to the fact many of the other children’s parents complained that he was distracting their kids.   Pesidu’s father taught him everything a boy would want to know, but found he had a real aptitude for physics and mathematics.    They decided to focuse more attention on those subjects.  Within 3 years Pesidu was writing equations for how to get girls, as well as how to know when certain emotions were about to happen.   That had the equation of L= love minus M=memories divided by time spent without food being X, with the equation L-M/X= Y, with Y equaling a positive emotion.  He also theorized that a year spent without work added 10 years of joy to your life no matter how long you lived.    As well as giving you a youthful appearance for every year spent after.           
     “Momma, I don’t want ah play.  They can keep the money, please let me go home,” pleaded Menau as she ran around the stage.    Pat steered the hologram of Pesidu with a remote in his hand as he fought back laughter and took a deep sigh of satisfaction.
     “Menau, would you reel it in already you tramp!” yelled Pat causing Menau to stop in her tracks and grimace.    And then she walked back over to Pat timidly, as she tugged at her clothes and Pat glared at her sternly.
     “Please don’t scare me anymore, Pat I can’t take it or I’ll wet myself, please,” pleaded Menau as she shook her head no and grimaced,    And Menau thought of Bobby and how he’d help her escape if he were there.   Pat looked at Menau sternly and started softly poking her shoulder.   And Menau looked at him wide eyed and hoped he wouldn’t hurt her.
     “Menau, Menau now now, aren’t we a pair?  With me being the smart one and me being the handsome one.  And me, being the bestest, while you are the sweatiest hmm ha ha ha,” said Pat sarcastically in a stern voice as Menau quickly wiped the sweat from her forehead.    And Pat laughed loudly and then said sarcastically in a deep voice,” where’s my chicken sandwich, when I need dinner?  I want it now before I say another word to anyone!” yelled Pat sarcastically and then up thru the floor in the stage shot a large round mahogany table with a golden tablecloth.  As well as a flower filled silver centerpiece and a dozen mini Sasquatch robots sitting at each of the 7 dark blue place settings.    And there is a glowing devil shaped head in the center of the table, as well as 7 large brown leather recliners set around the table and the song,” Yesterday,” by the Beatles playing softly.
     The crowd perked up as they saw the table and started trying to get closer to the stage, but Pat’s bodyguards kept them at bay.   Then Pat grabbed Emma and Menau’s hands and walked them calmly over to the table.    This while Amo and Rosemary headed down into the audience to get Grega and Den and enjoy the fun. 
     “Everyone take a seat, and then soon we’ll have some food to eat.  But if that food is tall and hairy, then run away it’s Uncle Larry,” said Pat playfully and sarcastically as everyone sat down with Menau and Emma on either side of Pat.   And Amo looked at Pat and grinned and Pat nodded and pressed a button under the table.   And it caused the devil in the center of the table to light up and shout,” I put souls in holes so start diggin’ my sweets!  When I said dig, I meant now!”
     Everyone was startled except for Pat who laughed loudly and held on tight to Menau and Emma’s trembling hands, as they tried to run away.  Then Barney brought over Pat’s sack of valuables and handed it to him.
     “I’d keep your eye on that, Pat, not everyone is a friend,” said Barney anxiously as he shook his head as he wished the sack was his.    Then a chair for Barney was brought over and he sat down next to Menau and smiled.
     “Why, I wouldn’t worry about it, Barney, there’s lots to go around,” said Pat slyly and then up came a trio of beautiful red, blonde, and black haired women.  And they were wearing white spandex cat suits and carrying 3 large golden trays filled with food.    And each of the women are identical twin sisters and have exactly the same length hair and green eyes.
     “Pat, what in the hell is this?” asked Amo sharply as she pouted and glared at Pat.    This caused Pat to laugh and make no eye contact with the 3 beautiful identical twin women.    And then they set down all 3 golden trays of food that included beef ravioli in Alfredo sauce, Crab Rangoon, lobster rolls, as well as a trio of apple, blueberry, and rhubarb pies sitting in pie plates.   And the pies were made to look like Pat and Amo respectively with smiles on their face.
     “Nice, I was dying for something to eat.  I hope this food is for us, Pat P,” said Grega slyly implying a question.   And Grega secretly called Pat Pat P with the P standing for Pummel, as he wanted to punch him in the mouth, but didn’t think Pat thought it was anything more than an innocent nickname.  This while Pat knew it meant something bad and that it was Grega’s way of insulting him.
     “Menau, Emma, other people with secret nicknames for me.  We’ve come to a place in time where great things are about to happen to us all.  Firstly, people in the audience, each of you will receive a cash sum of 10,000 dollars when you leave.     And that’s real cushy drug money and hooker’s cash!  Menau, Emma, because both of you are bastards and evil at heart, but with a pathetic nature.    I feel we’re all winners at this table so each of you will get a million dollars in cash, jewelry, and gold coins to start your new, and hopefully less annoying lives out there in the world,” said Pat slyly as Emma and Menau waited for the punch-line, as well as the audience.    This while Pat opened the sack and started handing Menau and Emma their winnings.
     “Are you fucking serious?!  I’m gonna buy a car for me and my mumsy!  And we’re gonna drive it!” shouted Emma as she grabbed the jewelry and started putting it on as the crowd cheered.   And Menau held up one of her stacks of hundreds and looked at it wide eyed.  And she thought of Bobby and the bike she was gonna buy him.    And she also thought how happy they would be together on the playground walking hand and hand with smiles on their faces.
     “Bobby, we’re goin’ riding next Sunday.  Woowe wooee woo woo wee,” said Menau in shock as the whole room cheered.   And Amo smiled at Pat and he calmly ate his ravioli.   This while Grega sat milling over what Pat had said about the secret insult.    As he couldn’t see how he could possibly know and he had to find out at some point.
     “So which is it, Pat, the good life or the great life?  Because as I sees it, you are now the owner of the greatest prank of all time,” asked Den slyly as he grabbed a lobster roll and started devouring it as Pat sat silently and said nothing.
     “What you call prank, I call severance for a string of good luck.  Let us remember the lessons of the imbecile written page after page on the sands of time,” said Pat slyly as he smiled and continued to eat.   And Amo smirked and thought how perfect this moment was.

                                                                      Chapter 9

                                                          The Bravest of cowards




     “When the morals of the righteous are breached, a new less powerful religion is formed that invariably corrupts us all.  I see a day a thousand miles in the distance that doesn’t bare even a passing resemblance to this one.  When I think of where our passions will take us I know we have but one responsibility to the children of happenstance.  To thwart the foes of progress with their very own lies as they scream for equal rights.  No, no I say we owe it to history to keep the purveyors of evil only a footnote and never, never a moment in our lives or our children’s realities.  Because if we do this, and only this, then we assure that same history for them and not a death as dust on a scorched fields of nowhere.  I remember the truth and I know it took work for it to be called that.  All the while I sang of providence and never of villainy or jaded ghosts of nothing,” said Teg Bahorm proudly to a crowded 3 story hotel lobby filled with people all but 4 minutes after the spelling bee.   And they flooded in and thru the room on their way to their hotel suites. 
     Teg Bahorm has light blonde long flowing hair with 6 large holographic images of ancient rulers from around the universe in and around his mane of hair.  His eyes are burgundy and very friendly, with a tiny triangle surrounding each iris.   And the triangles act as an image enhancer and are linked to a computer input in his brain.  He has a wide upturned almost woman’s nose that women find very attractive.  His chin is round with a triangle shaped portion in the center.  He is 5’8” and weighs 165 pounds of chiseled muscle with a large chest and small waist.  He has on a golden full length robe with a furry collar, as well as a stark white shirt and pants made of soft denim and cotton with the words,” Desolation row just got a whole lot lonelier and  some company, so check your valuables with the clerk,” written on them in off white letters.  His shoes are made to look like mahogany, but are made from Italian leather and have the slogan,” to die for nothing is to live without knowing anything,” written down the sides.
     The lobby has a pair of anti-gravity platforms going up and down repeatedly.  And they look like a lion’s head and bring all the guests to each of their rooms.  There is also a soul singer robot in the center of the room dancing and singing the song,” Sex machine,” by James Brown as people booed her.
     Teg walks into the lion’s head platform and starts down towards the main floor.  Inside it has pictures of famous world leaders and their favorite sayings like,” I crushed the will of my enemy by smiling in his worried eyes,” said by now Russian leader Demerat Popci as well as the one,” you won’t feel a thing, I will only kill you once,” by Iran leader Shami Kid.    All over the walls are large round picture windows on each of the 5 walls.  The platform raced down over 60 floors in 6 seconds, but Teg felt nothing as he was simply replaying his speech and thinking it went well.  So what if no one paid him any mind Teg thought.  It was probably because they were too busy in deep thought is how Teg saw it.  Then the platform came to rest.    And the doors disappeared into the walls and Teg could see out onto the street on the corner of 43rd street.    And he saw many people hurrying off in every direction.    He stepped out and started walking along trying to find some customers as it were.
     Meanwhile up the street as the night encroached there is a sidewalk circus of acrobats, elephants, and holographic arcade games going for 70 blocks.  And it has a million people enjoying the attractions.  There is also a holographic movie called,” Torn to redemption,” being dragged thru the streets behind a large anti-gravity black and red Edsel car.  And it shows a man crying as he eats a steak at his dining room table.  This while 9 kids sit around the table crying and throwing things back and forth just in front of him.         
     Torn to redemption is a movie about the life of a potato farmer whose wife dies and he is forced to raise their 9 kids alone.  He also has to fight off an evil gold prospector who is trying to force him to sell his land.  And he knows there’s gold in the riverbed that runs lengthwise thru the farmer’s property.  
     “Alright, Pat, let me have it.  Am I the sexiest man on this street or what?  Don’t worry I can handle it?” asked Grega slyly and sarcastically as he Den, Pat, Rosemary, and Amo walked thru the video arcade at the sidewalk circus.  This caused Pat to grin and point to himself implying he was the handsomest.
     “Grega, I don’t wanna lie, but I gotta tell the truth.  I’m easily the best looking man for 30 blocks, with you being the second sexiest for 8 feet.  That said jazz is dead, can I get a witness?” asked Pat jokingly as he put his hand to his mouth like a megaphone.    And everyone laughed while they walked thru a pair of teenage boys as they played the holographic game called Doove.    And the boys said,” Hey what the fuck we’re playin’here!”    Pat laughed and said sternly,” tough luck you little brats.  Another generation of divorced parents leading to layers and a multitude of bratty shithead kids.”
     “It’s not just the kids, it’s their stressed out parents who can’t discipline their kids and fend off their ex’s at the same time.  Thus leading to coddling and lots of frustrated people,” said Amo firmly as she ate a ball of pink cotton candy.  And Amo walked around a young girl playing the game,” Star today King tomorrow,” and thought how cute she looked in her furry purple bear suit.
     Star today king tomorrow is a singing game for young and old alike.    Where you have to write a song using the holographic instruments and then sing it into the microphone.  Then your song is put on one of thousands of independent personal radio and internet stations.  And they are owned by large companies and ordinary people alike.  Then if your song becomes a hit you get a chance to get a national tour with the backing of Atlantic records regardless of your age.   To date thousands of men and women have found successful music careers by playing the game.    With many of them having no musical experience prior to playing.  Even today the top 30 spots on the Billboard charts are all owned by winners and many of them are now millionaires.
     “That’s true, but you also have to factor in the kids themselves as they pit each parent against one another.   To get what they want under the guise that their parents have ruined their lives and let them down.   I saw my friend Brad do that very thing a million times to get cold hard cash.   He’d reel out the tears and out would come the wallet.   Kids need direction and they won’t find it if they don’t have too, Jesus,” said Den sternly as he ate a corndog and thought how pretty this black haired woman walking up ahead of them was,.  And everyone looked at him wide eyed surprised he was such a deep thinker.
     “I couldn’t agree more, but the whole world could use that same direction, man.  My uncle said once, don’t ask me a dumb question twice or I’ll have to slap the spit out of your mouth 3 times,” said Teg as he walked next to Den.    And everyone looked over at him not quite sure what to think.  And Den nodded and laughed while Pat grinned and thought Teg must be drunk.
     “That’s right!   I say give ‘em a good hard slap.  It helps to straighten out their crooked ways,” said Den half jokingly as he and Teg started laughing loudly.    And Den offered Teg his hand and said warmly,” I’m Den, that’s a firm grip you’ve got there, sir.  Do you work on a dairy farm?” asked Den jokingly as Teg shook his hand and laughed.    And Teg nodded yes as he felt Den could be a good friend.    And Den felt Teg was a similar sort to himself.
     “I’m Teg and no I work at a blowjob assembly line in the village.  I get two weeks off each month for fluid replacement,” said Teg sarcastically as Den and everyone but Pat started laughing.    Pat thought something was up with this guy and kept his eye on him.    And then Teg asked warmly,” who are your friends, Den?”
     “That’s, Amo, Grega, Pat, and Rosemary we’re just letting off steam after a spelling bee that, Pat, put on an hour ago.  It’s nice to meet ya, Teg, you from around here?” asked Den warmly as they walked past a giant android robot of Abraham Lincoln wearing a black leather suit and drinking a keg of Budweiser.   And Pat felt Den shouldn’t keep talking to Teg or it could lead to a bad situation, but he couldn’t think how to say it.   This while Teg saw his opening and had to keep his emotions from showing.
     “I do, yeah I’ve got a place in that building up the street on the left there called the Moparma.  Ya know a buddy of mine runs a Soaring Foeverit station from the roof of the building,” said Teg warmly as he hoped someone would ask him what it was and then he could generate a little income for himself.
     “Soaring Foeverit, what exactly is that, Teg?” asked Rosemary intently as she hoped it might be some sort of nightclub on the roof where she could get a beer or a shot.    Pat cringed when she asked because he knew they were being set up.
     “Well man it’s where the blackness of life gets a tan!  Where a pigeon becomes a man and vice verse man.  It’s a place that fills up the space where your brain should be.  It’s a little slice of bird heaven, that will have ya a screamin’ man!  It could be the answer to what ails ya I say I say I say interested?” asked Teg coyly as he grinned vacantly.    And everyone laughed as he danced a little jig with his hands at his sides, as Teg thought he was really wowing them.
     “So is it a bar or something, Teg?  Because I need to relax this day has taken it out of me,” asked Amo as she rubbed her neck and leaned on Pat.    And she felt really safe next to Pat and she loved him.   This while Teg nodded softly and got ready for his pitch.    Meanwhile Grega was hoping it was something cool.
     “Here’s what it isn’t…boring.  Here’s what it is…exciting.  Ya see we have these suits that you put on.   And you can jump off literally the side of the Moparma and then do a couple gentle flips and land softly, man.  And we call ‘em the no gravity experience suits or Ge suits man.  If you wanna fly, and spit fate in the eye man.  Then the place that it is up is where the birdman treads.  La la li la ta-dah,” said Teg happily and then he did a spin and kicked out his feet awkwardly.    And everybody laughed as Teg smiled and hoped they’d try it out.    Grega thought he smelled a little too much of stoned and was worried they’d end up flattened on the sidewalk.   Then Grega thought he could get rid of Pat without having to do anything.
     “Hey I think it sounds fuckin’ awesome!  I say if anybody will do it with me, I’m down like Freddie Brown from Motown,” said Grega excitedly and coyly as he pumped his fist and everyone started thinking hey it might be fun.    And Pat pretended not to notice Grega’s over excitement and deduced he had ulterior motives.  And Pat figured Grega wanted him to have an accident as Amo caught on as well.
     “Yeah it sounds like a good one.  I’m down, Grega, let’s head up!” said Den enthusiastically as he nodded his head and then let out a yell and slapped fives with Grega.    This while Teg concealed how overjoyed he was by simply just smirking and Amo just smiled.
     “Let’s do it, it could be a really fun thing.  Let’s go, Teg,” said Rosemary happily as she grinned and thought she might see a celebrity or get a cocktail.
     “Then be us warriors of the sky, let’s fly,” said Teg happily then he did a weird uncoordinated dance and everyone laughed and they started for the Moparma.
     At the Seam building adjacent to Moparma, Wexor and Terponic were having an orgy.   And Wexor talked about news that Russia had just fired a large missile into Iran.  And it destroyed their most cherished temple and killed over 9 million Iranians. 
     The room has glass walls that can be tinted at the touch of a button.  And they encircle the room and also have the news channel covering 2 thirds of them.  As well as Pith Hram’s words of destiny that read,” a man can meander for what feels like a lifetime and then happen upon destiny.  Then the man no longer cares to work hard, yet harder than he ever has.  He does this because he then knows the difference between a purposeful life, and one that has endless untold horizons.  Then a million days can pass and never a moment of loneliness felt.  Instead a victorious cheer of true understanding fills each and every day.”
     Pith Hram is the cleric of Wexor and a well respected Doramoc.  He wrote the religious text and bylaws book titled,” Friends don’t scream out at us,” that includes the passage,” Today, and a thousand yesterdays doesn’t change my love for you Gabra.  I know those people who have no faith will repeatedly try and destroy our friendship.   But like a cake made of air they will have no effect on my senses.  When I vanquish them to a realm of foolhardy gestures and less important ideas, I know only I and people like me are what matter Gabra.  This is the answer to an unwritten riddle of you.”  Pith learned from a well traveled interstellar religious figure called Bab, that he would have to study everything to discount anything as he said in the liner notes of his novel, Red air.
     There are 4 rectangular king size beds in the room up against the walls that have green and blue sheets, blankets, and pillows.  There is also a pair of life-size golden and blue marble statues of Wexor in a frock on either side of a black wooden dining room table.   There are 10 large green recliners around the table. And a tan leather couch facing out a window towards the Moparma building’s right corner and out over New York City.   There is a pair of holographic library shelves on the left and right side of the room.   And you can pick any number of books by simply touching them.     And then they could be enlarged onto the walls of the room as you read.   There are a dozen mini-battleships floating in the air that each resembled an alien vessel from a Doramoc conquered world, like the Goodyear Blimp from ours.  The floors of the room have wall to wall Persian rugs that have a design of Wexor and Terponic playing baseball at Yankee Stadium sewn onto them.      
     There are 10 naked Doramoc and human women walking around and pleasuring Terponic and Wexor as they sit on the couch.   2 Caucasian women are stroking Wexor’s enormous penis as he intently watches the devastation in Iran.   This while Terponic has a large breasted woman riding him as he peers over her shoulder and shakes his head, as the newscast shows a river filled with dead Iranians and he feels disturbed.
     “For fuck’s sake, can’t these idiot humans leave each other alone for 5 minutes!  Gabra almighty I’m losing my respect for them every day that passes!  Demerat and Shami know this sort of thing has to go thru me first.   And that’s what infuriates me to no goddamn end!” said Wexor fiercely as he glared at the newscast.  And it showed a hundred Iranian troops surrounding a hole where the sports arena had been.  And Wexor wanted to punch Demerat good and hard in the face for his lack of respect for Wexor’s authority.    And he wants to remind him he has said all missiles fired have to be a smaller size than what were used.
     “I’m not losing my respect for them, I’ve already lost it.  You can’t trust these bastards as far as you can throw their severed heads!  I’m about to lose it, Wexor.  We may need to pay Demerat a visit because his little shenanigans today could lead to a Bou.  And that we both know would be a disaster,” said Terponic sternly as he watched as Demerat walking into a press conference.  And Demerat waved to each of the reporters as he approached the microphone.
     A Bou is a point in battle where both sides have done such despicable things they just want everyone to die, including their own soldiers if that’s what it takes.  It was named after the Doramoc general Ped Bou who started dropping massive particle dispersing bombs on his own troops, as well as the enemy’s troops.    After his command center was obliterated and his entire staff of captains and generals were killed.  He later said when he was at his court hearing,” I wasn’t going on without the only people that mattered to me.  So if I had to live, somebody had to die.”
     “My friends and comrades I stand before you all at a place of true embarrassment and grief.  As you all know a missile was fired from one of your missile silos, and hit in Iran killing many and wounding many more.  I say I am embarrassed at this because I feel those Iranian devils deserved much worse.  I will never apologize to them and if they have a problem with mother Russia then come to Moscow and meet my troops.    They’d love to try out their new rocket launchers,” said Demerat slyly and sharply as he smiled from ear to ear.   And as he said it Wexor pushed the two women away from his penis.
     Demerat has dark red short hair gelled straight back, as well as lavender far away eyes and fat cheeks.  His nose is round and has a birthmark on it shaped like an eagle.  He is 6’2” and 257 pounds of pure muscle.  He has on a seal black suit and a burgundy tie, as well as a gold Rolex watch and diamond cufflinks.
     “That son of a bitch!” shouted Wexor as he punched the couch and his fist went straight thru and out the back.    And his eyes glared at Demerat who was laughing and flexing his muscles while he walked out of the press conference.
     “That fucker is starting a world war right in front of our eyes.  How does he think he can get away with this?  He has to know we’re gonna kill him,” asked Terponic as he lifted the woman off his penis and started putting his clothes on.    And he started thinking of ways to kill Demerat and possibly his entire family.    Wexor grabbed hold of his wine bottle and drank it all in one drink.    And then he smashed it on the floor.
     “He doesn’t care, he must have figured out that we’re planning something when I made that joke about his hair at the dinner party.  He gave me a knowing look and I wasn’t quick enough to deflect it.  He doesn’t know what we’re planning, but he’s wise enough to know it’s bad.  Motherfucker, I need some air,” said Wexor angrily and in exasperation as he pulled on his dark blue sweatpants.  Then he hurried over and grabbed a remote control from the mouth of the Wexor statue.    And he pressed a golden button and the entire room started sliding outside and it soon took flight using anti-gravity thrusters.   Wexor started flying the room out 50 feet clear of the building.   And then he pressed a button and the roof opened, as well as the front wall.    And Wexor started walking back over to the couch and passed thru a musical bubble or Hubleu as it was called.  And he heard the alternative rock band Endless Everything and their song,” Trash bag fashion,” and he started batting his ears rapidly.
     “What is it, are you injured?” asked Terponic in a concerned voice as he watched Wexor run and jump on the couch.   And Terponic felt nervous that something had happened.
     “God, shit I hate alt rock bands!  And I mother fuckin’ hate walking into a Hubleu!  Jesus I need a break from all those bratty human kids who plague me at every inconvenience!  Now where were we with this soon to be corpse Demerat?” asked Wexor calmly as he flexed his cheek muscle and glared out over the New York skyline.    And Wexor thought how he’d love to kill Demerat.
     Meanwhile Teg and everyone are inside an Emosly on their way to the top of the Moparma building.  Inside it has rows of antiques in glass cases that include ancient gold and diamond statues of elephants.   As well as 2 dozen paintings of Edgar Allen Poe done by the cab driver set on top of the cases with price stickers on them.  There is also a pair of plush green and purple couches set up facing out an alligator shaped window that each can sit 4 comfortably.  There are beer bottles for sale next to the couches that are in refrigerators of compacted frozen air.  And they would be pushed back into the walls when you opened the door, so you could grab your beer.  There is also the video game,” Come back with my turban,” set up in front of the couches.
     Come back with my Turban, is a racing game where you pay 50 dollars and then try to catch up with a tiger before she delivers your turban to the evil duke Nogento.  And if you are successful you have a chance at winning and going to the Bamram ball in the Esseric cluster.   And that is a cluster of 54 large buildings all owned by the Esseric family estate.
     The Bamram ball is an invitation only gathering that no one outside of the people who’d gone knew anything about, because you were sworn to secrecy upon arrival.  It entailed dozens of life altering experiences and medications that all give you,” the answers,” as it was said.   One of the experiences is to be tricked into thinking you were falling over 30 stories to your death.    Only to be pushed up by a large burst of air at the last second enabling you to be able to simply walk off safely.  The amount of emotions you went thru opened your eyes and mind to things you didn’t think were possible.  Many of the people who went found it incredibly easy to attain success in their lives shortly after.
     The Esseric family are comprised of Muras Esseric and her 8 children who all have genius I.Q.’s, as well as her husband En.   They are rich beyond even rich people’s standards as the 6th youngest son Pauco was an enormously successful writer and musician with his book,” Flat waves forever,” selling 500 million copies.   And it included the paragraph,” Maybe fools run from the foolish, but I only run from you.  And as a wise woman once said, get the fuck away from me or I’ll gut ya!  Now that we see eye to back I’ll run another week to escape your dagger.  And when I get to nowhere I’ll proclaim, it looks exactly like home minus the friends I don’t have and the money I never earned.   Now I know you feel the same way about true love.   So I’ll only ask you once, did you see me staring at your ass in that mirror or were you going to slap me for no reason?  Either way I deserve it.”  Pauco also has a cologne based on his own sweat and the smell of money.  And it is wildly popular and has netted him billions.  The family uses his extraordinary wealth to branch out into space and create a billionaire’s outpost beyond the Milky Way galaxy.  And it has unbelievable luxuries and is rumored to be 17 miles long.  On the outpost called Gids, the Esserics have total autonomy and can kill you and take your wealth if they felt you have breached etiquette or broken a law.
     “Hey another game we can play.  I say since I ain’t won nothin’ I get to go first on this one.  And if you object, go jump on a rusty nail, tuff,” said Rosemary sternly as she waved her debit card in front of the Come back with my Turban game.   Then a red remote rose up out of the floor and she grabbed it and said exuberantly,” let the winning be really so really the bestest!”
     Then a red, pink, and yellow turban appeared on top of Rosemary’s head.   And just as it did an 8 foot white tiger leapt at her and snatched the holographic turban.   Then it let out a roar and shot into the jungle maze.   Rosemary’s character of Sediu, a 3 headed yellow eyed walrus wearing a tuxedo, shot after the tiger riding a waterspout of blue and purple water.
     “Oh this is sick, I hope you win something, Rosemary.  That one, Grega, won really worked out well for us all,” said Pat slyly as he laughed to himself.   And Grega looked at him sternly and then tried to laugh it off as he wanted to punch Pat in the mouth.    But instead he used his fake joy to conceal it.    This made Pat laugh harder and then Pat said coyly,” I’m just kidding, Grega, but we wouldn’t all be here if you hadn’t won.”
     “That’s right man, we got to win in a lot of ways or we can’t exist.  I agree, man, that’s the way the universe spits us all out.  We are molecules of cool, and we are energy passing thru a fish tank of cosmic goo man.  I once was asked for my religious beliefs and I said, get the fuck away from my stash you inbred Ned!” said Teg jokingly as he pretended he was playing a flute as he farted loudly.   And everyone but Rosemary and Grega laughed.    As Grega was still trying to figure out if Pat had slighted him, but then he remembered the Soaring Foeverit.    And Grega started hoping Pat would careen into a building or the ground and this caused him to smile.
     “You’re spewing the new religion, Teg.  I haven’t heard such genius since I was at a bean supper in Waterville.  And it weren’t so sweat I swear,” said Den sarcastically as he laughed.    And Teg started grooving his head from side to side as everyone laughed.  And Rosemary raced Sediu thru a tube of green water after the tiger.  And it knocked over rock walls in the tube and Sediu had to jump over the rocks.    This while Rosemary started to get nervous and clutch the remote tighter, as she wondered if she’d ever catch a break.  
     “That was my brother, man.  He tours all over the country Dirtville, Grass City.  Everywhere the world is he plays,” said Teg sarcastically as he grinned and looked at everyone with his tongue out the side of his mouth.    And he was trying to impress everyone, but Pat thought that something was still not right with him.    Grega was laughing nervously as he couldn’t wait to watch Pat and Amo fall to their deaths.   And he knew that if it was something Teg was selling then it had to be some sort of scam.    And he was gonna make sure Pat and Amo went first while he went last.
     “Boy you are the coolest of the cool, Teg!  I never heard a symphony of sheer rapture in all my life, man!  Which way to the 1960’s whoweee?!” asked Pat sarcastically and jokingly as he pretended to be Teg and did a hippie dance with his hands.   And everyone laughed including Teg as he didn’t want to let on that Pat had stuck it to him, because he still needed the money.   Rosemary swam thru a river of black and yellow smoke as she neared a spot where she could catch the tiger.
     “I almost got you tiger, oh tiger.  Let the victory hug me tightly,” said Rosemary happily as she neared the tiger.    And then in one quick motion reached out and grabbed the turban and she shouted,” that’s the good stuff alright!”
     Then a hologram of Pauco Esseric appeared wearing a black cashmere sweater and a pair of sunglasses with purple skinny lenses.   He has long red hair that is wavy and has a pair of golden charms tied into the right side of Besper the Bold.   He also has golden and purple soft eyes and a thin upturned nose, as well as full lips.
     Besper the Bold is a Doramoc cartoon character who looks like a balloon, as he has a massive round furry head and fat rounded arms with huge hands.   He also has a bolt of lightning in each of his eyes that continues to strike his eyebrows.  As well as a dark blue pyramid in the center of his forehead and the words,” Try sarcasm, I swear it’s really great,” written inside it in bold green letters.  Besper the Bold is used as a way for the government to shape its young minds.    And in every episode it championed the idea of destroying your enemies and always seeing outsiders as to be not trusted.   They also started an on running joke where a Doramoc would be asked by an alien,” Can you help me out of a jam?” to which Besper would beat the alien to death and say,” I can now.”
     “Hello there young lady, I am Pauco Esseric and you’ve won a grand and magical gift.  I am holding a Bamram ball at the Esseric cluster tomorrow afternoon.  And it will go into the wee hours of the night and you and up to 6 friends are now security clearance 15.   This means there is no where you can’t go in the splendor we enjoy here.  Your security pass is being printed out now in the Emosly.    And there are many prizes to be won so I wouldn’t lose that pass if I were you.   Now if you want a bit of advice I would tell you to bring a piece of luggage, but I can’t tell you why.  I’ll see you then,” said Pauco warmly as he grinned slightly and then floated away.    And Rosemary saw her pass coming out of a slot in the floor.   And as soon as it came out she grabbed it and screamed.   Pat started screaming with Rosemary and flailing his arms.  And everyone laughed except for Grega who was pissed he didn’t win the prize or get to be the funny one.    And all Grega could so was grimace and look out the window.
     “I always knew I was something great!  And now I am, so all those bitches from high school can kiss my ass, while I dance into prosperity!  Yes, yes yahoo yes baby!” yelled Rosemary excitedly as she shook her Bamram pass above her head and shook her breasts.   Meanwhile Teg stared right at her and he wished she was naked.
     “Well at least you’re taking it in stride.  I haven’t seen such excitement since I had sex with the head of the dungeons and dragons club,” said Amo sarcastically and jokingly as she tried not to laugh.   Pat howled with laughter while Teg sat there hoping no one noticed his nervousness.   And Pat thought how odd Teg’s nervousness was.   And how it reminded him of the way he used to be, as well as that Teg might be homeless.  
     “Stride, stride off I’m fuckin’ goin’ for it all!  Hey, Teg, how soon ‘til we get to the Soaring Foeverit?” asked Rosemary excitedly as she looked out the window and smiled.    And she remembered Margie Roonhaurer and the time she gave Rosemary a wedgie at homecoming.    And Rosemary wished she were there right now to punch her in the face.
     “Me lady, don’t steal me gravy.  I know I been lazy, but don’t run me thru gravy, man.  When the world sings we are the world I’ll play guitar my friends!  We are at the doorstep of sheer enjoyment and the doors are open woo!  Let’s go see a friend and remember be friendly and don’t steal me gravy, we’re here man,” said Teg excitedly as he clapped his hands and stomped his feet.    And everyone laughed and then they looked outside and could see a navy blue takeoff strip for all the people wearing the different colored Ge suits.   And it also has a black and green spotted 2 story clubhouse building set up at the edge of the takeoff strip called,” Green and other lies.”
     Green and other lies, has a pair of holographic lions prowling out in front with brown leather headgear on each of them.  And it has phrases coming out of the building like,” It could be a mistake to be mistaken as to whether it’s a real gun your facing, but shoot who cares,” as well as the phrase,” I raced thru a lifetime of failures one after another when I stopped accepting my fate as being fateless.”  There are 6 large green marble urns set up in a row in front of the clubhouse.  And each of them have different colored smokes coming out of the urns.    With each one having a different effect on the senses like one that releases all inhibitions.  There are several large and small signs set up around the takeoff strip that people have put there after successfully landing at the bottom.  And they say things like,” Jake was a man who fell like a bird and now he ain’t no chicken finger lickin’,” as well as,” Ron sang a song that lasted a few notes past crazy and no he ain’t pushing up daises, but instead drinking his glory woa.”  There are also several large brown leather couches and black leather chairs set up facing into a wall of trick mirrors. And they allow you to sit comfortably and watch the people as they fall from behind the clubhouse.  There are also beer dispensers around the roof that need only a debit card to get suds in your hand.  There is the band, The Fantasizing Realist, playing on the roof of the clubhouse as they sit on couches. 
     The Fantasizing Realist is comprised of Sink, Punch, and Roger Fairchild with Sink being the father of the other two boys, as well as the lead singer and guitar player.  The group took shape after 20 years of failing in the music industry by Sink.   And this led to his two sons having just enough time to develop as musicians in their own right.  Then one day Sink heard Punch writing a tender rock song and he exclaimed,” If that’s not a hit then the Beatles were a jazz band!”    To which Punch said sharply,” Dad, get out of my room you’re naked again.”   Then after clothes were put on the band started rehearsing.   And a month later they had their first gig at a speed dating gathering at Buddy’s pub.  That was only 2 days ago and the boys and their father still haven’t been paid the 37 dollars they were promised for playing the gig.
     “Is that beer or am I still hallucinating from the smell of, Teg’s, armpits wafting up?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she hurried out of the Emosly.    And everyone laughed except for Teg who forced a smile and cowered away.    Grega started to think of his game plan to get Amo and Pat to go first, as Pat noticed a look in Grega’s eye that he knew meant he was scheming something.
     “Let there be rain, and let it be Naty light raindrops.  Oh geez where is the breeze that blows thru, Grega’s, buttocks hiding?” asked Den jokingly and sarcastically as he used a joke Grega always hated when they were kids.  As he knew it would make Grega angry and it did causing him to lose his smile.
     “I need’s me somewhere to feel the thunder of, Den’s, random thoughts.  Wouldn’t you like to come with, Grega?” asked Pat sarcastically as he patted Grega on the back.  And Grega bristled and Pat fought back laughter, because he also knew that joke.   And that it was about when Grega went to let a fart and he shit his pants in front of Kristen Steway, Grega’s boyhood crush.                                  
     “Hey hands to yourself, Pat, it wasn’t funny then it still isn’t,” said Grega sharply as Pat looked at him wide eyed and knew Grega was about to lose it.   He also knew that he was right and Grega was hoping Pat fell to his death, because Grega’s hatred was so near the surface for him.
     “That’s true, Grega, I didn’t want to piss you off.  It was all in good fun.  We’re brothers right?” asked Pat coyly as he wanted to see if Grega would relent quickly knowing that meant Pat was right in his assumption.    And Grega looked over at him and forced a smile and nodded quickly.
     “Yeah, yeah we’re brothers that cab ride got to me that’s all.  Maybe this Ge suit thing will brighten my mood.  So where is this thing, Teg, let’s all get started?” asked Grega coyly as he looked around.   And then he realized there were 10 people in the green and black shiny suits.  And also that it made them look like human bats only with egg helmets and golden sun shades.    And then he said nervously,” oh looky there, I see me some Ge suits.  Well how stu-pid am I?” asked Grega in a southern accent as Pat pretended not to notice his tap dancing routine, but knew what was coming next.
     “They’re right where your eyes sees ‘em.  There where only invisible people live man.  And no it ain’t heaven, instead it is the Ge suit baby!  Try on one and feel the flight, of soaring thru the air on a cool summer’s night.  Old Teg will meet ya at the bottom as I show you how they work,” said Teg enthusiastically as he ran over and grabbed a Ge suit.   And his wife Pamray walked over to everyone and Teg gave her a kiss.
     Pamray Jenkon has dark brown shoulder length thick straight hair, with a tiny pink bear on the left side.  Her eyes are blood red and her nose is thin and cute.  She has a round cheek with a reddish hue, as well as she has on purple lipstick.  She is 6’1” and weighs 120 pounds with small breasts and a large butt.  She has on a black silk jacket and a white t-shirt with the words,” Loneliness corrupts masturbation, but hands are never lonely for long,” written above a soft white and green pair of hands with a blind man’s eyes above them.  She also has on a pair of red Nike running shoes and a purple skirt with the words,” I only asked god for forgiveness pre-affair,” written around the front side in blue letters.
     “Are these the people Teg’s told me so little about?” asked Pamray jokingly as she looked at everyone.  And then she asked,” are we going to be flying thru the skies tonight, it’s fun?” 
     Then Grega didn’t say anything in the hopes that Pat and Amo would as he looked calmly at the ground.  Pat knew what he was doing as did Amo so they each said nothing.   This while the silence made Teg have a mini panic attack.
     “I’ll try it, sounds like it could be a real amazin’ x-perience,” said Den happily as he grinned at Pamray.   And she smiled from ear to ear as she got ready to ask for payment.  And Grega was still not responding as he hoped to make Amo and Pat nervously say they’d do it, but they just smiled and said nothing.
     “If, Den, lives then I’ll do it too.  But I’ve got to get a beer in me first,” said Rosemary warmly as she eyed the beer dispenser.   And Teg and Pamray are still hoping Amo, Pat, and Grega will do it as well.
     “Well the price is only 700 dollars a person per jump.   And you have to sign a waiver for insurance reasons.  Is that a good deal man?” asked Teg anxiously as a hint of a smile raced across his face.   And he was hoping desperately that someone would want to jump, because money was tight and he needed a back operation due to chronic pain.
     “I’ll tell ya, it’s not a big deal.  I’ll give ya mine and, Rosemary’s, cash right now.   And if it’s fun I’ll do it again here ya go,” said Den happily as he counted out the 1400 dollars and then handed it to Pamray.   And she smiled from ear to ear as she knew that they weren’t tight wads and would probably want to do it again.
     “Alright then, Teg, will show you how to put on the Ge suit and then you can watch him jump off the side.  Trust me it’s safe you don’t have to worry at all, enjoy,” said Pamray brightly as she kissed Teg and then headed for the clubhouse.    And Pat thought it strange he had met Teg and Pamray and that people so different from himself were in the world.    Amo meanwhile was hoping she didn’t have to tell Pat not to try the Ge suit.  As she knew it was way too dangerous and that Grega was too happy for them to try it.
     “Ya know, Pamray, I think I’ll try it too.  And I’ll give you money for, Pat, and, Amo, in case they’re up for it as well,” said Grega coyly as he counted out the money.   And Pamray hurried back over to him with a smile on her face, as Grega knew he had to do a bit of coaxing to get Amo and Pat to jump.   Pat and Amo looked at each other anxiously as they both thought what a bastard Grega was.   And then Grega handed Pamray the money.
     “Ya know it’s really not necessary for you to pay for us.  We’re not livin’ in squalor for fuck’s sake,” said Pat coyly in a stern voice as he knew Grega wouldn’t let him pay.   And Pat’s hand darted into his own pocket to grab his wallet.
     “No, Pat, no seriously I got this!  It’s the least I can do for a brother.  Hey I know you’ll get me back someday so I’m not worried a bit.  Hey let’s get started on this fuckin’ thing.  You want to go first, Pat, then you can tell us how fun it was?” asked Grega coyly as he grinned at Pat who had a smile on his face and was rubbing Amo’s back as she grinned.
     “Well I don’t know.  I’ll have to see if I’m up for it right now.  Maybe you should get to go first, seein’ as you paid and all, Grega,” said Pat coyly as he grinned and Grega’s smile instantly started to fade.    As Pat and Amo had no intention of going they just wanted to trick Grega into actually doing it.   Grega felt incredibly nervous that he might have to do it and die in the process.
     “No, no I wouldn’t feel right about it to go first.  No god dam it I insist,” said Grega forcefully and coyly as he started to panic and looked nervously at Pat and Amo.   This while his heart beat out of his chest and Amo and Pat tried not to smile.
     “I can’t let my dear, Pat, take any charity.  No, no I wouldn’t hear of it.  I say you go first, or we don’t jump,” said Amo coyly as she smirked and looked at Pat who was smiling slightly and wanting to burst out with laughter.   Meanwhile Grega started pacing back and forth as he suddenly realized he was going to fucking die if he jumped and couldn’t think of a solution.
     “Well I wouldn’t worry ‘bout the fear man.    I’m doin’ what I can to make sure that you’re not a spot of human Spam.  Let the riddle of your death remain unsolved by the solver of things, man.  I wouldn’t let the reaper man know your plans or be shittin’ bricks of dirt!  Don’t get your feelings hurt.   Just trust ole Teg, he won’t break your legs woa woa li lump man,” said Teg brightly as he danced around and everyone laughed except for Grega.    And Grega was now completely terrified as he knew he was dead if he jumped.   Pat and Amo weren’t leaving him a way out no matter what.   This while Pat and Amo laughed really hard, because they knew exactly what Grega was thinking and were thankful they had a chance to laugh.
     “Yeah Jesus, Grega, stop bein’ such a pussy!  So what if you die you’ll be too dead to care.  Look at, Teg, he’s livin’.  And me and, Amo, were livin’ too.  It’s perfectly safe have at it,” said Pat coyly in a stern voice as he patted Grega on the back hard and grinned.   Grega cringed and felt uneasy and his eyes darted away from Pat.  As Grega realized Pat might be on to him, but then remembered that Pat wasn’t that smart and he calmed down.    This while Pat and Amo were overjoyed at how nervous Grega looked.
     “Yeah, Grega, where’s your sack.  It was your fuckin’ idea to come up here in the first place.  Show us your man bulge,” said Amo coyly and sternly as Pat fought back laughter and pretended to be coughing and Den laughed.    Meanwhile Teg smiled and walked up to Grega with a pair of Ge suits and a smile.   And Grega looked at them and how shoddy they looked and knew he was about to die.
     “Take a ride with, Teg, and then you’ll see that birds can’t fly like you and me man.  Let us feel the Earth’s sweet embrace as we fly thru outer space.  We can be air and say wa, where, but where is the man with blue back hairs?” asked Teg half jokingly as his eyes bugged out.  And Teg did an awkward dance with his hands then let out a quick squawk.  And everyone except for Grega laughed who instead started to sweat and grimace.   As Teg handed him the Ge suit and Pat continued to laugh so hard he was tearing up.    As was Amo as she bent over at the waist and knew Grega had no way out and this caused them to laugh harder.
     Then Teg slipped on his suit and pointed to Grega’s Ge suit’s front and Grega nodded.  Then Grega started to put it on and started to try and poke a hole in it with his fingers in the hopes of not having  to jump.  Then he soon realized there was no way to tear it, because it was super strong and Pat continued to laugh.
     “You look a bit sheepish, Grega, are your panties ridin’ ya tight?” asked Den jokingly as he watched Grega pulling on the Ge suit.   And Den knew he was pissed and Grega glared at Den and nodded quickly and aggressively and Den burst out laughing.   Teg now had his suit on and was limbering up next to Grega by running in place.   And then he reached down for his toes and making Grega even more nervous.
     Pat and Amo were in heaven as Rosemary walked up next to them and saw Grega struggling with the suit.  Grega was hoping someone would make fun of him so he could just say fuck it I’m not doing it, but Pat and Amo suspected this and said nothing.   Rosemary was calmly drinking her Natural light and waiting to see Grega lift off.    And she couldn’t stop thinking about the Bamram ball and how much she might win.
     “So, Rosemary, who’s goin’ with you to the Bamram?  Please say me please say me,” asked Amo jokingly as she gently grabbed Rosemary’s shoulder.  And as Rosemary asked this Grega looked over at them quickly like he was waiting for someone to say something.
     “What?!” asked Grega fiercely as he thought they were talking to him and he could ditch the Ge suit if they were.
     “I was just asking, Rosemary, about the Bamram ball.  I wasn’t talking to you,” said Amo loudly as she knew what Grega was trying to do.  And Amo thought how pathetic he was and then looked at him fiercely tugging at his suit.   And Amo had to pinch her own arm to keep from laughing as Pat started running towards the clubhouse.  And Pat knew he couldn’t hold his laughter after such a pathetic act by Grega.
     Then Pat got inside and burst out laughing.    And everyone at the bar looked over at him as he rolled with uncontrollable loud laughter and punched his own chest.
     “That was the fuckin’ most pathetic thing, I’ve ever seen!  I don’t care if you’re all staring at me it’s worth it,” said Pat happily as he laughed and everyone in the bar started laughing. and Pamray walked up to Pat who was bent over and rubbed his back and smiled.
     “Are you alright, I thought you were going to jump?” asked Pamray warmly as she looked around as Pat continued to laugh and then he slowly stood straight up and saw it was Pamray.
     “Oh hey, I’m sorry I just heard a very funny and very pathetic joke.  I’ll be fine in a minute woo,” said Pat coyly as he pulled it together.  And then he realized Grega might be getting ready to jump.   He hurried back out the doors and saw Grega still pulling on the suit very slowly with a scowl on his face.   And Amo fought back laughter and she hurried over to Pat.
     “Look, Pat, I’m about to lose it.  Look how pathetic he’s being.  He’s been tugging on that right sleeve for 5 minutes.  Oh Jesus look at him now,” said Amo happily and softly as she and Pat ducked into the bar and looked back at Grega.  And Grega pretended the sleeves didn’t fit, but they were actually too large not too small.    And they laughed hysterically and fell into each arms.
     “Oh my god, look at him now he’s trying to kick out the bottom of each of the feet.  Now that is fucking childish.  Is this guy actually our friend?” asked Pat in disbelief as Grega fought with his Ge suit and continued to grimace.  This while he thought hey if I jump off the side I’m not coming back.   I’ll do whatever I have to to live fuck what anyone thinks.   Den stood there watching him with a wry smile on his face as he knew Grega was boiling over and didn’t want to jump. 
     “Did you hear the news?” asked Pamray as she walked up next to Pat and she sipped a rum and Coke.   This while she was worried about telling Pat and Amo about anything depressing as they might leave.
     “No, what happened?  Is it bad?” asked Pat in a concerned tone as he had no idea what she was referring to.    And Pat thought she could be joking as Pat squinted his eyes and folded his arms.
     “Russia attacked Iran with a missile.   And Iran just launched its fleet of ships and fighter anti-gravity war planes into Russia.  It’s all over the TV, you should take a look,” said Pamray nervously as she played with her hair in the back.   Pat and Amo were taken aback as they looked around the room for a TV and saw a holographic newscast at the far end of the bar.
     The room is 2 tiered and made from maple round pieces of wood both large and small.  It has a long counter that snakes thru the entire 500 foot long room.    And it twists and turns continuously and is white marble.  There are anti-gravity barrel shaped chairs set up around the bar.   And they each have a black leather seat and back and are filled with snacks that you can get with a swipe of your debit card.   Behind the bar are hundreds of 1 foot statues of every alien race’s leader the Doramocs had conquered.  And it includes a red skinned golden haired woman named Dusu Gaham, that cover an entire wall with 3 large circles set in them for the whiskey.
     Dusu Gaham is a feisty 147 year old ball of fire who has had every person that ever caused her pain apologize to her and then they were decapitated.  She has a policy of encouraging drug addiction for her people known as the Flats.  And she believes makes them unable to contest her doctrine as they are preoccupied with the popular drug on their planet of Rusho, called Magai pills.   She uses the population’s lack of motivation or clear heads against them at every turn.  Even enacting a law that required 75 percent of every dollar earned goes to her and her regime.  Her reign of terror went on for a century as she had taken over at age 13.   Then suddenly the Doramocs landed on Rusho and within 14 hours her reign had come to an end.  And her army was obliterated and even her personal battleship was destroyed in a matter of seconds as she tried in vain to flee.  Then a new Doramoc friendly government sprung up in her stead that was more willing to spread equal rights.
     There is a pit on the left side of the room that has a circular plush burgundy couch surrounding a holographic TV and has a built in beer dispenser in the center.   The walls of the room have holographic pictures and quotes from former patrons that say things like,” I almost did something stupid and dated a genius,” as well as the quote,” when Indians owned America they shit wherever they felt like it.  So you can’t blame the buffalo for walking cautiously.”  The ceiling in the room has a massive Greenberry cartoon that reads,” Did a lunatic create the term stir crazy when he was drinking his morning cup of Joe or was it me,” written beneath a small mouthed lion sitting on a blue couch wearing a Red Sox uniform.
     “So they finally snapped and let those innocent Iranians have it.  And all along I thought peace was forever,” said Pat sarcastically as he eyed a dozen Iranian anti-gravity ships on a bombing mission outside Krakow.    Where you could literally ride inside the cockpit and follow a bomb to its target using different holographic images.   Pat saw this and it made him think how useless wars were and Amo felt the same way.  And he started to tear up as she thought of the defenseless Russian children who were dying needlessly.
     “I really hope this doesn’t drag on like most wars.  I don’t think I could handle another Dublin rebuttal,” said Amo as she wept and used a tissue from her pocket to wipe the tears from her eyes and her runny nose.  And Pat hugged her tightly and thought how brave she was for showing her emotions.
     The Dublin rebuttal was a 10 year war fought between Sweden and Ireland that happened when Amo was only 7 and then thru her 17th year.  It was started after Prime Minister Johnny O’hallorap threw a beer into the face of Sweden’s king Borlgen Wunderhaimer.  After he commented that Johnny’s wife had one of the roundest and hardest asses he’d ever seen and that he’d love to roll over and see her gooey and tired in the morning.   After the incident which came to blows the Irish army invaded Sweden and a brutal and savage war proceeded to take place where 5 million civilian and military lives were lost.  It had its crescendo with the Irish winning the war and taking over Sweden and thus christening it,” Little Irish.”
     “Nobody wants that, there were many people who died needlessly in that one.  Can I get the two of you a drink, whiskey, beer?” asked Pamray as she grimaced and looked at the explosions.   This as a pair of Blood Burner bombs hit a crowded Krakow street killing every person in sight.
     The Blood Burner bomb is a massive brainwave scrambler and blood igniter that does just that.  With your blood literally catching fire and your brainwaves forced to go in random directions causing pure madness.
     “Yeah, Pamray, I’m gonna need a beer make it a Naty light, thanks,” said Amo anxiously as she tried to put the war out of her mind, but couldn’t.    Meanwhile Pat stared at the image of a gutted hotel and felt wrecked by it, but wanted to stand strong for Amo.
     “Nothing for me, I need my wits about me.  Hey we forgot about Grega let’s go see what happened to him, alright?” asked Pat warmly as he clutched Amo and she looked at him and nodded softly.   This while she thought it might be a nice change of pace.
     Then they walked outside and saw Grega grimacing and tugging on his last sleeve and they both smiled.                
     “I can’t quite get it, it might be too small, well I tried,” said Grega coyly and in exasperation as he threw up his hands and thought he found a way out.   Teg hurried over to him and quickly grabbed his sleeve and pulled it on.   And Grega’s heart sank as he knew he was fucking going to die.
     “There you go my friend o’ friend.  Pulled it on it don’t need mend.  Now we’ll go where ravens live.  And race towards the ground like a flaming egg.  So don’t you fear and turd your leg.  Just remember trust your dear friend Teg, man.  While you liked my brand new tune.  Another bird just went vroom room…,” said Teg happily as he slowly did one step after another as he smiled wildly.    And it made his arms move slowly, but was cut off by Grega.
     “Are you fuckin’ tryin’ to kill me, Teg?  Did I do something to you somewhere and now you’re gonna split my skull?” asked Grega sharply and angrily as he glared at Teg.  And Teg looked back at him vacantly and thought he was just joking.    This while Pat and Amo saw what was happening and fought to keep from laughing.
     “Dear old Teg won’t split your egg or break those legs.  Dear old Teg wants to hug you tight man and fill your heart with love and grooves…,” said Teg happily as he side stepped and pretended to hug Grega as he grinned.   Grega looked at him with a cold stare as he was dying to find an excuse not to jump and cut Teg off.
     “Grooves, you’re gonna fuckin’ kill me aren’t ya?!  Is this some sort of murder attempt?!” asked Grega fiercely and nervously as he looked at Teg, but was also aware that Pat and Amo had just walked up and were eyeing him sternly.
     “Jesus, Grega, he’s just doin’ his job.  Take a, relax your ax pill,” said Den sternly as he drank his Natural light.  And Den thought to himself how funny the situation was now that Grega was acting the way Pat used to.    Pat and Amo stood there looking on as Grega started to feel embarrassed that everyone was making him feel like a jerk and a coward.   This as he stood there in his Ge suit and looked like a little kid.
     “Oh, Jesus, Den, I don’t see you putting on one of these suits and jumping off a fucking building.  What about that, let’s hear it, Den?” asked Grega coyly and nervously as he grimaced and thought that he hoped Den would say that he would do it because he challenged him.  This while Amo and Pat saw the play and fought back laughter.    Meanwhile Rosemary was on her 3rd Natural light and was enjoying the view.
     “I’m just waiting for you to go first.  Then I’ll jump and show you how it’s done by a real pro oh ho.  Let’s go, Grega, your ass hair’s showin’,” said Den jokingly in a stern voice as everyone laughed.  And Grega bit his lower lip because he was scared to death and there were no outs.   Rosemary sipped her beer and thought about the Bamram and maybe her winning what Pat had won and getting a posh place of her own.
     “You could be happy yes indeed.  If you’d only jump with meee.  Let’s grab some air ‘cause we don’t care man.  Sheep are scared while we are the bravest of coward’s gravy, me baby.  Don’t steal me gravy, baby hmm,” said Teg happily as he danced in a circle.  And Pat and Amo rolled with laughter.  As Grega watched Teg dance and had to smile.
     “Alright fine, I’m gonna fuckin’ die, but at least we’ll all get a big laugh at my dead expense.  Let’s go, Teg, right now I’m ready,” said Grega forcefully and coyly as he hoped everyone would laugh and he could get out of jumping by saying he didn’t want to get laughed at.    But no one laughed because they knew what he was trying and kept their faces stern looking.   Meanwhile Teg led Grega over to the jumping spot that was a round black rubber encased hole that went down a slide and then out into mid-air.
     Everyone grabbed a seat and took a look at the trick mirrors that showed a perfect view of the side of the building.   They could also see other people flying in and around the building in the Ge suits, as well as Wexor and Terponic’s floating living room at the next building over, as it floated calmly and eerily as it was all lit up.
     “Is that a floating living room over there I see?” asked Rosemary in disbelief as she eyed Wexor who was pacing back and forth in front of his holographic TV.
     “If it isn’t, then there’s emerald dust in our beers.  Wowoo, now I’ve seen it all!” said Den as he shook side to side and drank his beer and then let a fart and laughed.   Grega meanwhile was nearing the edge and could see how shoddy the rubber hole and slide were.    And he started to sweat profusely as Amo and Pat eyed Wexor in disbelief as they wondered at such a sight.
     “Even people who’ve seen it all haven’t seen that.  I wonder if they’re thrill seekers like us, who were just sitting in their living room when one of them said.   Hey let’s see if we can fly the whole fucking room outside?  Then off they went into the void,” asked Rosemary jokingly as she crossed her legs and continued to drink her beer.  This while everyone smiled and Den laughed.
     “O.K., Grega, don’t be a worryin’ ‘bout feelin’ no pain.  It’s not the fall that kills you, but the crushing of your brain.  And when your wings catch fire and your hair is all ablaze, you’ll wish for something wet and get a watery grave.  So now that we’re…,” said Teg happily as he smiled and put on his golden sunglasses before Grega cut him off.
     “Shut the fuck up.  Just shut you fucking mouth you’re not making any sense or this any easier.  Now god shit fuck where do I jump?” asked Grega loudly as his nerves were taking hold.  And he looked down with wide eyes and knew he was dead, but thought fuck it who cares I’ve lived my life. This while Teg looked at him with a smirk and thought Grega needed a warm cup of chocolate milk.
     “Just aim for the hole with your two front feet then jump on in and you’ll feel so free, man.  And while Teg’s your buddy he’s your best friend too.  So let him…,” said Teg brightly as he pointed to the hole and started dancing.    But Grega couldn’t take another word so he jumped in and went down thru the hole in a second as he screamed out in fear.
     Then Grega went down the slide at rocket like speed and was thrust out into the air, as he completely panicked and started flailing his arms.
     “I’m gonna fuckin’ die!  Save me, somebody save me!” shouted Grega nervously as he started plummeting towards the crowd in a curled up heap.  And he knew he was going to die and he started to cry.
     “Is that supposed to happen, Teg?” asked Amo in a concerned voice as she looked at Teg who was smiling as he watched Grega doing spin after spin.
     “Oh yeah, every time it’s the same old thing.  Your friend is a real pussy.  I’ve seen small children with more nerves.  O.K. he’s near the fun part, keep your eyes on him,” said Teg calmly as he stepped up to the edge.  And then he turned and balanced over the edge by just his toes, as he prepared to do a back flip.   This while Grega fell helplessly end over end.
     “Please let me die!  I can’t take it anymore!” screamed Grega as he tumbled story after story.  And then suddenly the arms of the Ge suit straightened out and Grega did a swan dive upward at incredible speed.  And he zipped past Wexor and Terponic’s living room startling the two of them for a moment.  And it caused Grega to feel an enormous adrenaline rush.   And then he flew even higher and he said excitedly,” this is unbelievable!  I’m not dead and I’m breathin,” said Grega excitedly as he soared up even higher and felt amazing.
     “Can you believe what he is doing out there?  He’s actually flying,” asked Amo in disbelief with her mouth agape as she watched Grega flying up past where they were sitting only 100 feet away from them.  And she thought how crazy he was for doing something so stupid and Pat was thinking the same thing.   And Pat sat forward in his chair and eyed Grega quizzically and could see him suddenly starting to dive straight down.  And Grega’s heart skipped a beat as did everyone else’s.
     “Oh Jesus no, don’t let me die up here!  Somebody help me I can’t control it!” screamed Grega causing everyone to laugh and Teg smiled.
     “Don’t worry the suit will shoot him up in a minute, I’m gonna go out and fly with him and see if I can calm his girly nerves, see ya,” said Teg slyly as he grinned and then did a back flip and a twist.  And Teg shot thru the hole and then down out the slide gracefully.
     Then Teg dove straight down after a screaming Grega who was going every which way.  And when Teg reached him, Grega suddenly shot up again and did a series of forward and then backward flips.  Then he was soaring up and he felt like he’d seen god he was so disorientated.   He looked up at the stars and felt an inner calm.
     “O.K, Grega, you need to get your ass down and keep it alive without crashing into anything.  This suit is gonna flip at any moment and you are…,” said Grega calmly as he flew up, but then he passed thru an alt rock song called ,”2” by the band Raging Ramparts and it thundered in Grega’s ears.  And it scared the shit out of him as he started batting his ears and then shouted,” I’m going crazy, I’m losin’ it!”
     Raging Ramparts are comprised of a trio of brothers named Filma, Ted, and Porass Balsony.  And they each have an acquired talent besides playing an instrument.  Filma can act out all of Hamlet while singing the band’s weekly performance, as well as convey to the audience the power of her songs.  Ted has the innate ability to play guitar while doing flips, twists, and even splits that include intricate solos without breaking a sweat.  While Porass can get an audience to scream uncontrollably with only a look dubbed,” The core,” by the Village Voice newspaper that entails an unwavering power and calmness while singing and playing perfect drums.
     “You’re fine, Grega, don’t worry about that it’s just music.  Ole Teg will guide the way grab on, man,” said Teg as he flew next to Grega who gladly latched onto Teg’s back.  And they shot straight towards the ground.
     “They seem to have righted the, lack of ship.  What a jackass, why did he go up there?” asked Amo as she had a hint of a smile come across her face.  And Pat laughed as did Rosemary and Den while they continued to drink their Natural lights.   And they watched Grega and Teg doing loops and swirl patterns in and around the building.
     “This is soo awesome, woo wahoo!  I love it, Teg,” shouted Grega happily as they did a barrel roll and then veered over to the roof of Wexor’s building and landed softly.  And they saw a tiny restaurant set up there with a few people sitting and eating.  And Grega was ecstatic to be on solid ground and then he looked around and said excitedly,” Teg, that was so sick, Pat, and them have no idea what I just did.”
     The top of the roof had a dozen statues of Wexor set up in a circle that 2 people could sit inside and have dinner or a meal.   With a table and purple robotic seat that moves you ever so slightly to keep your back in alignment and reduce muscle fatigue.  There are also holographic avatars you can control from your table that are 10 feet tall and fight in a pit in front of all the tables.  With the winners getting the combined wagers and the restaurant throwing in a chance at a grand prize of a Reseo.
     A Reseo has a luxury anti-gravity ship that runs the length of a football field, as well as being 40 stories high.  It has the shape of a square turtle, with a dark blue shell like body and 6 large laser canons per side.  As well as dimension stretchers that allow you to pass freely to an alternate reality and dimension if you so choose.  Each of the Reseo are fully equipped with luxury living quarters and 3 years worth of supplies.
     “Grega, no one can tell what greatness lurks beneath the surface of our raggedy shells.  We were but children when life made us men.  Remember those fumblings when tragedy is reality and be forever happy.  Why don’t we grab something to eat, man,” said Teg warmly as he started for one of the Wexor statues.  Grega was right beside him looking at him in shock as he didn’t realize Teg was very smart at all. 
     “That was a beautiful thing you just said there, Teg.  I never heard it put like that, but it’s true,” said Grega calmly as he was still taken aback by what Teg had said and Teg just grinned slightly and nodded.            
     “Well just as long as you don’t try and put your stuff in my turd receptacle, we won’t have a problem.  When the yellow snow is dinner, we’re all eatin’ shit.  Just remember that while we’re eating dinner. Which is on me by the way, man,” said Teg slyly as he stepped up into the Wexor statue.  And he was followed by Grega who was laughing and looking around and thinking Teg was a character.  But Grega also thought he had to be smarter than he was letting on.
     “Don’t worry, Teg, you’re not my type.  I’m into way hairier women than you.  I’m just kiddin’ ya, but it’s true,” said Grega jokingly and sarcastically as he fought back laughter and wiped his eyes.  This as Teg started to wonder if Grega was gay.   And Teg squinted at him and thought about leaving him at the restaurant and flying back alone.
     Then up walked a turquoise and yellow colored lion shaped robot waiter with a white electronic an menu named Steava.
     “This is all we are serving at the moment.  And we’ve got a game of chance where you can use an avatar and fight for a chance at a Reseo ship that is well worth it.  The current wager is 800 dollars are you interested?” asked Steava warmly as he pulled out a golden canister filled with hundreds.  And when Grega heard what he said he perked up and took the menu.
     “Yeah, I love a good bet so how do I control the avatar?” asked Grega happily as he thought how fun it was to gamble and grinned slightly at Steava.   And Steava pulled out a silver and dark green colored alligator shaped controller and handed it to Grega.
     “It’s simple, the controls are marked right on it and you fight to the death in the pit there.  And lucky for you there’s only one other person who’s competing.  The winner has to defeat a lightning quick pixie just after one of you wins.  So be ready because it happens fast.  After you type in what you want the food it will be brought out in about 2 minutes.  And your match starts in 30 seconds, be ready,” said Steava warmly and then he ran off.     And Grega frantically tried to figure out the controller.  As his was an avatar of a dark blue stone butterfly winged muscle man with 7 red eyes.  And it a black marble Viking helmet with eagel’s heads shooting out the sides of on top of its head, as well as a blue and white flaming ball next to each hand that it can hurl and destroy a foe.  And the avatar was called the Yealup. 
     “Hey, Grega, you want a beer, a shot, or a man in a two-two?” asked Teg half jokingly as he still wasn’t too happy about Grega riding over on his back if he was gay. And he wanted to fish and see what he thought about it.   This while Grega sat there frantically playing with the controller and he only half heard Teg and didn’t realize he thought he was gay.
     “Make it a beer and I think I’m gonna get a steak to fill that belly of mine with some meat,” said Grega playfully as his Yealup did flips and kicks in the pit.  This while the other contestant’s half cougar half robot called a Coba prowled around the pit.  And Grega thought it looked easily beatable.   While Teg heard Grega’s comment about meat and thought he meant filling him with his penis.  And Teg was instantly nervous as his eyes darted around the room.
     Then Teg looked at Grega’s hint of a smile and thought it odd he was so happy.  Then Teg looked at the menu and saw the special dish was piggies in a blanket.    And he started to sweat as he thought it was a sign.   And if it was he was ditching Grega and flying off without his gay ass.
     “I think I’ll just have some potatoes and gravy, yes me gravy,” said Teg slowly as he eyed Grega intently.   And then Grega’s match started and Grega’s Yealup did a 900 degree spinning flip and threw a ball of fire down on the Coba’s head knocking it to the ground.
     Then the Coba rolled up onto its feet and swung its red energy baseball bat.  And this knocked the Yealup out towards Grega and Teg causing Teg to be a bit frightened, as it caught him off guard.
     “Oh no you don’t, I’m getting’ freekie with your ass!” said Grega excitedly as he started racing his Yealup onto the top of a Wexor statue.  And then it jumped from one statue to the next firing the balls of fire down at the Coba blowing it up in the air again and again.   And then Grega yelled,” You like my fireballs don’t ya you little bitch!”
     This caused Teg to feel even more nervous as he looked at Grega wide eyed.    And then Teg got up and raced over to the edge of the roof and jumped off.  Grega meanwhile continued to shoot his balls of fire at Coba one after another and it was almost done for.  Then the Coba dove at Yealup and bashed his legs with his bat.  And Yealup lurched forward and fell on top of Coba.  They started exchanging blows and Grega wasn’t sure how to shake Coba off of him causing Grega to sweat.
     “Get off me you shit head!  Let go right now!” said Grega fiercely and then he hit Coba in the face with a fireball and his head exploded.  And Grega fired another trio of fireballs and yelled triumphantly,” how do you like my dinner fireball soup!”
     Then the balls hit the Coba and he burst into flames and started to fold inward.  Within a few seconds Coba was only a white and green ball of shaking glowing energy making Grega nervous.  Then the energy became a hardened green and black shell.    Only to explode and out sprang a red faced white body pixie with a 5 foot long red and white glowing sword and it shot at Grega.
     “Oh Jesus not yet you don’t, you fucker!” said Grega sharply as his Yealup ducked a sword blow and then the Yealup shot a fireball at the pixie and it grazed its head.  But the pixie shot to the left and swung its sword at the Yealup.   It severed its right arm sending a plume of glowing blood into the air.
     The Yealup wasn’t dead yet and did a front forward roll and shot a fireball at the pixie hitting its sword and blowing the sword to pieces.
     “That’s right you little bitch!  Ole Grega ain’t done with you yet!  Try and run I’ll catch ya,” said Grega sternly as his Yealup raced after the pixie as it flew in and around the other tables. 
     Then Steava walked calmly over to Grega’s table and set down his plate of steak and apple pie.  And he cleared his throat in the hopes of distracting him so he wouldn’t win the prize.  Grega paid no mind and hurried his Yealup after the pixie.   Then Grega threw a pair of fireballs at the pixie and knocked off its wings and sent it reeling onto a purple haired woman’s lap.
     “Come back here you coward,” said Grega snidely as his Yealup rained fireballs onto the Pixie, but it eluded at each and every one of them.
     Then the pixie darted back and forth and the Yealup stomped on it with both feet after jumping in the air.  This caused the pixie to splatter like a sack of blueberries and Grega yelled happily,” The new days of prosperity have found my present!”
     Then the pit filled with a red skull that has the body of a blue gumball and it said snidely,” You were a match for our bringers of death!  So you’ve earned a new start and a new beginning!  Let the destruction of every part of your pathetic former self start now!  Bring in the Reseo my slaves!”
     “You lucky prick,” said Steava sharply as he glared at Grega who was smiling and looked at him.  And then Grega looked around for his Reseo and saw it rise up from a few stories below to be right of the building. 
     “Oh Jesus that thing is gigantic.  Is that really mine?” asked Grega in disbelief as he took a bite of his steak and then stood up and thought how great his luck was.  But Grega wanted more food so he grabbed the steak with his left hand and started walking over to the Reseo very confidently as he ate his steak.  
     Grega walked up close to it and marveled at its size.    And when he took a step closer a retractable bridge extended out from it and out came a round in shape blue robot.  The robot has a long egg shaped head and glowing white eyes, as well as an orange glowing ball of energy in the center of its chest.   And it flew over to Grega using anti-gravity thrusters on its feet, and it was called a Hobii. 
     “Hello my new admiral, I am Hobii and I am the go to person on the Reseo if you need things done.  Is there a name you prefer?” asked Hobii warmly in a soft voice as he extended out a golden headset and single tinted eyeglass.  And Grega took them both and put them on.  And he instantly could see exact differences from one color to another and how far things were away from him down to the millimeter.  As well as thru any wall that wasn’t steel.  And a list of ship’s controls that included thrusters and exact temperature he wanted the rooms to be and the food to be heated to on board.  And Grega felt a rush of adrenaline as he couldn’t believe it.
     “Ah…well just call me emperor or exalted Grega.  Either one will keep me from melting you down, Hobii.  Wow, I like all these controls this is really gonna be a fun ship to have.  Why don’t we head inside and take a quick trip around.  I need to see what she can do, what do you say, Hobii?” asked Grega happily as he smiled confidently and he started across the bridge with Hobii right beside him.
     “She can do a lot, that is for certain.  And wait ‘til you taste the artichoke pie, mm mmm,” said Hobii proudly as he floated beside Grega.  And Grega laughed and hoped that wasn’t the best food they had as he finished off the last of his steak.
     “If that’s all you got I’ll be losing some weight.  Please tell me you’ve got some sort of chocolate?  Or I’ll be ordering some inconvenient take out,” asked Grega half jokingly as he entered a large archway that had the words of god written above it that read,” The smart man never will admit that I exist, because then he has to admit that someone knows or knew more than him.  But what he always deduces without a seconds hesitation is that a planet and sky mean science knows how it all went down.  In essence I laugh in thinking you would ever put more meaning into something that took only an instant,” as was documented by Pasher Gid on the Steamlar planet in the Doralam galaxy.
     Pasher Gid was a college professor on Steamlar at the University of Glumup for 17 years and was happy to do just that.  Then one evening he started writing a note to God that thanked him for the life that Pasher had enjoyed up ‘til then.   When suddenly a massive all encompassing series of thoughts took over his mind like he’d been hit with a ton of gold bars.  He abandoned his note and started writing down these thoughts at a frenetic pace where he could barely control his own emotions.  This ended up being a 332 page book called,” The logic of unorganized organization.”  The book included several believed to be actual words of god and included the poem,” I only see it from every angle, that is where my knowledge is limited too.  The wind doesn’t know which way it will blow, but it’s blowing me there as I speak.  I’ve got memories in mind as I open my heart, but I’ll forget half the one that I keep.  If I’m driving the bus, and we’re headed to somewhere maybe I’m not the one who should sleep.”
     Inside the Reseo are a pair of twisting hallways that go right and left and have 2 dozen different doors on either side.   The walls of the hallway have paintings of famous jokesters and include La Guh, a welsh writer of jokes who came up with the joke,” Too many cooks in the kitchen spoiled the soup.  I agree, I ordered Danish.  That said the 3 cooks at my table are hogging the sugar so I’m eating the soup,” with these paintings all along the walls.  The floors in the hallway have a thick rubber and cashmere rug that has traction, but is also soft in parts and is dark green and purple in color.  There is the song,” Sandy Rain,” by the band Religion without church.
     Religion without church are a 10 piece band comprised of defrocked priests who have been kicked out of their respective churches because they couldn’t keep their vows of celibacy.   The lead singer father Michael was caught in a seedy motel with 8 naked buxom blonde haired women as he had a one man orgy.  This led him to write the now famous song,” Why can’t I be lonely,” and gave them the number one spot on the Billboard pop charts.
     “Alright, Hobii, I’m starving, which one of these fucking doors gets me warm food?” asked Grega sternly as he walked down the hallway and was dying of hunger.
     “It’s at the end of the hallway, close to the command center.  I will show you exactly, Emperor,” said Hobii brightly then he shot down the hallway and flew up next to a red and gold colored door.    Grega liked how he jumped into action and Grega smiled as he felt powerful.
     “Good work, Hobii, and that’s right!  I tell you how it is, remember that,” said Grega sarcastically in a stern voice as he inspected Hobii who quivered.   Grega fought back laughter and then said happily,” I was just kidding with ya.  Let’s take a look at all the food, should be good.”      
     Then the door Grega faced opened revealing a full kitchen full of ovens and glass and steel cases filled with everything from barbecue baby back ribs to a dozen lobster tails in a steamer.   There are 15 statues of clowns in and around the room that are filled with candy and the walls have the words,” I nearly died of boredom at the mention of hue, and in hue I mean red,” as well as the words,” navigation takes 3 coordinates, where I want to go, where I am, and how far can I get away from you, ‘cause that’s where I’ll be,” written around the room in glowing blue and green holographic paint.
     “Does this suit your flavor buds, exalted Grega?” asked Hobii nervously as he looked nervously at Grega.  And Grega looked at all the food in the 30 foot wide room wide eyed and thought he’d hit the mother-load.
     “Hobii, you weird bucket of bolts and recycled beer cans, this is just what exalted Grega was in the mood for.  I’m gonna be a while so try not staring at me too hard as I feast,” said Grega slyly as he walked over to the glazed lobster tails and then smiled and took one out.  And Grega started nodding and eating as Hobii went over and hid in the corner. 
     Meanwhile everyone was drinking Natural Lights except for Pat and waiting for Teg and Grega to come back, as they sat in their chairs and looked out over the city.
     “O.K. would you rather have sex with me, or me?  Because we’re both available,” asked Pat sarcastically as he ate a basket of shrimp and a cup of Alfredo dip.  And Pat thought that Amo looked hot sitting there with her legs nonchalantly crossed as she grinned at him.  This while Rosemary laughed as well as did Den.
     “I can’t sleep with you because you’re smelly of da fish, but I will sleep with you because you less smelly of da fish.  Either way I have a headache that only sex can get rid of,” said Amo sarcastically as she sipped her beer and Pat laughed.    And Pat slapped her thigh and Amo started tickling him.
     “Well at least we’re agreed on nothing, which counts when you’re bluffin’.  I didn’t want to says it, but I need to rubba your tit.  Mua mua moo,” said Pat sarcastically and in a goofy voice as he joked with Amo and she rubbed his biceps.   This while Rosemary felt pissed off that he wasn’t her boyfriend or kidding around with her, but she laughed anyway so no one would know anything was up.
     “It sounds like a dairy farm porno over there.  I half expect you to put on cow hide and ride Amo as she says, no farmer John not again it isn’t good manners, oh geez,” said Den sarcastically and jokingly as he sat back and everyone laughed.  Then he tossed another can into the slide where Grega and Teg had taken off from.   And it hit the other 4 cans of Natural Light edging them closer to falling off.
     Then up flew Teg and he landed next to Pat and waved to everyone.
     “Hey my friends of righteous ends.  I’m back again to make you happy, don’t call your hard of hearin’ pappy.  And find me an egg ‘fore I pee on your leg, man,” said Teg happily as they all laughed and Teg did a one legged dance and grinned oddly.  And then Teg started for the clubhouse as he hoped no one would ask him about Grega.      
     “Hey, Teg, where’s our dear brother from a different mother, Grega?  Is he alright?” asked Rosemary anxiously as she looked intently at Teg and hoped nothing had happened.  This while Pat and Amo really didn’t care where he was.  Then as they secretly hoped he had fallen to his death so they could pretend to be overwrought with emotion.
     “He wanted to be left alone.  I knew this when he rubbed me wrong.  And now he’ll find a new way home, as long as his legs can run all day long, man.  So now I say be wise be fries, be apple butter lazy, woo woo,” said Teg coyly as he danced awkwardly and everyone looked at him quizzically.  This while Teg hoped they wouldn’t press him for details and everyone was taken aback.  Then Teg hurried into the clubhouse.
     “What in the fuck was that, Teg?  You don’t think Grega fell to his death or something?” asked Rosemary as she squinted at Pat and Amo with her mouth agape.   Meanwhile Den felt nervous that something bad had happened.
     “If something did, and dear me gravy Teg had anything to do with it, then dear old Teg will be dear old dead.  I had a feeling about that kid, I had one,” said Den sternly as he stood up and glared into the clubhouse.  And The Den thought he might have to do damage and visit violence on Teg’s person.  This while Rosemary stood up and thought Den might do something stupid so she got in front of him.
     “Den, calm it and calm it now!  We can’t jump to conclusions.  Grega might have flown to the ground and is taking the elevator or an Emosly right now,” said Rosemary calmly as she put her hands up in front of Den and he scowled as he thought something was amiss.  This while Amo and Pat looked around nervously and then stood up as they saw the Reseo flying towards them.
     “Hey wait ah minute, there’s some giant ship heading this way,” said Amo nervously as she thought something bad was about to happen.   And Pat thought maybe the Doramocs were scanning the area for convicts or Renegasts. 
     Renegasts are the name the Doramocs give to the people who they feel are subversive to Doramockind.  Or they are people who’d made it known that if they were given the chance they would do horrible things to the Doramocs.  What the Doramocs did to the Renegasts was to rewire their brains to have little or no real backbone.  Then they put them in assembly lines constructing weapons for the very Doramocs they used to hate.  And now the Renegasts had no ill will towards them at all.  They also put many of the Renegasts at different places around the country, as they looked for people who said anything about Doramockind and then they reported them.   To date there are 3 and a half million of them working for the Doramocs and all content to do so.
     “Maybe it’s the Doramocs looking for Renegasts?  They must blanket the city periodically,” asked Pat calmly as he eyed the Reseo intently.  And everyone moved back from the edge of the building.  And Den worried it was possibly the police and they might find his marijuana in his pocket. Then he took it out of his pocket and tossed it off the side of the building.     
     Then the Reseo flew fast at everyone sending a shiver thru them only to stop abruptly causing everyone to let out a sigh of relief.   Then the retractable bridge extended out and the ship’s doors opened.  And there stood Hobii with a giant laser pellet machine gun and an orb of green light around his head.  He started flying slowly towards everyone with his weapon raised.
     “You have wronged a powerful being!  Your death will be a gift compared to what else you’ll endure!  Lie down on the ground and prepare for your maker’s will!” shouted Hobii fiercely as he sent out holographic rings in every direction causing everyone to be terrified except for Pat.  As Pat looked at Hobii and suspected something was up.   This while Amo, Rosemary, and Den laid down on the ground and thought they were going to die.
     Then Hobii flew right up to Pat and aimed his machine gun at him.   Pat smirked and said flatly,” I don’t believe you, robot.”
     “You will die like the bastard you are, accept your doom!  Now get down on the ground!” thundered Hobii as he encapsulated he and Pat in a tan and yellow square hologram and Pat laughed.
     “If you’re going to kill me I’d rather die like a cowardly man on my own two feet!  Alright you fuckin’ pile of used razors!  Try and kill me if you dare!” shouted Pat as he glared at Hobii and Hobii continued to aim the machine gun at him, but he looked nervous.
     “I give up, I can’t do this sort of thing.  I’m sorry, exalted Grega, I just don’t have the nerve.  Please don’t melt me down!” pleaded Hobii as he lowered his weapon and started to shake and cry.   Pat smiled as he heard Grega’s name and knew it was a practical joke.    Everyone else heard as well and stood up and brushed themselves off.
     “I knew this was Grega,” said Pat slyly as Grega came across the bridge laughing and pointing at Pat as Amo flipped him the bird.
     “I almost had ya, admit it, it was close ha?” asked Grega slyly as he laughed at Pat.  And then Grega walked up to Pat as he nodded quickly and felt like he really needed to try and stick it to Pat in case his rouse hadn’t bothered Pat, by laughing and pointing to Pat.    Pat didn’t care because he knew all of Grega’s schemes already so he just grinned and focused on what a weird robot Hobii was.
     “You didn’t get shit, I knew your tinfoil robot wasn’t nothin’.  And when he tried to get rough I didn’t even flinch.  If anything, I got you to do that stupid jump off the side of the building.  You sure looked manly as you were screamin’, somebody save me!  I don’t want to die up here!” said Pat sternly and slyly as Grega kept laughing only now it seemed forced causing Pat to laugh even harder.  This as everyone stood beside Pat and laughed at Grega.   Meanwhile Amo was still thinking how pathetic he was being before he jumped.  As she looked at Grega’s ridiculous Ge suit and Den looked at the Reseo and thought it looked cool as he sipped his beer.
     “That’s not how I saw it.  You looked like you were scared stiff son.  I can’t even believe you’re not cryin’.  And the rest of you ran and jumped on the ground so fast it was like a lion had been let loose,” said Grega slyly and jokingly as he grinned and scratched his crotch.  And Grega’s Ge suit was riding him and everyone just shook their heads and grinned.   This while Pat thought Grega looked like a moron in his Ge suit and Pat fought back laughter.
     “So, Grega, you gonna wear that suit permanently now?  It really makes you look cool.  I might even say the coolest in the whole scuba club,” asked Pat jokingly and sarcastically as he and everyone but Grega laughed.   And Grega shook his head and his index finger and forced a smile.
     “Maybe you should sells yourself some butt colored Speedos on Congress Street.  And in that suit you’ll need a sign that reads, homeless underwater vet can you spare some change or a snorkel I’m starving out here?  Somebody save me I don’t want to die up here, help me!” shouted Rosemary as she flailed her arms and referred to Grega when he was plummeting.  And everyone laughed and Grega forced a smile.  And he wanted to punch her in the mouth as he nodded slowly, but he couldn’t stand to lose her as a friend.  He had to swallow hard and look at Hobii who had a slight smile that instantly faded.
     “Yeah, and I can shovel some shit for, Rosemary’s, manure walls in her dream house.  Yeah and it’ll have a room filled with piss bottles and crack hair like you always dreamed,” said Grega jokingly and sarcastically and in a stern voice as he smirked and they all laughed because they knew how pathetic he was being.
     “Anything’s better than your double wide trailer filled with yesterday’s cum and tomorrow’s lack of hygiene.  Oh wait, that’s not a trailer it’s you in your littler Ge suit condom.  Are you ready to sit at the big boy’s table with momma and daddy or do you need to go potty?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as they all laughed and she grinned.   Grega smirked and nodded at her, but secretly was even more pissed and wanted to push her off the side of the building.
     “Hey, Grega, where’d you get your fancy ride?  I thought you were plummeting to Earth last time we saw you?” asked Den coyly and brightly as he knew he had to calm Grega down because he looked like he was about to blow up.    This caused Amo to laugh hard to herself, as she and everyone else noticed Den’s maneuver with Pat fighting off a grin.
     “What, oh yeah I got this little baby at a mid-air yard sale for the price of a used rubber and a caramel covered tooth.  No seriously, all jokes aside you should see her from the inside.  And I got it, ah just by a bit of luck and skill at the restaurant over there yonder,” said Grega calmly and slyly as he still wanted to push Rosemary off the side of the building, but thought he’d be over it in a little while.   All this while Grega pointed to Wexor’s building and smirked.
     “Is that right, what’d you have to do to get it?” asked Den as he thought Grega was being evasive and withholding because his joke wasn’t as funny as Rosemary’s.     Meanwhile everyone walked across the retractable bridge and Hobii sped up ahead of them all to prepare their rooms.
     “I just played this holographic video game and defeated this pixie by crushing it and splattering his fucking dumbass head.  Oh you should have seen it, Den, because if I hadn’t I wouldn’t have won anything.   So after the pixie was dead and getting deader, I saw the ship fly up next to the building and I was told it was mine by a little skull.  Which is funny because I had this real bitch of a waiter who when I won said, you lucky prick, in a real stern voice.  I didn’t care thou ‘cause we’re ridin’ in style.  Why don’t we take a little joyride?” asked Grega happily as he had forgotten that he was pissed.    And they walked inside the Reseo and saw the two hallways and they all thought it looked cool as hell.
     “Let’s do it, how fast will she run?  I bet she can absolutely hum,” asked Amo excitedly as she looked around and clutched Pat’s arm.   And they felt very happy to be going on an adventure.  And Den and Rosemary were hoping there were bedrooms and bathrooms, because they just wanted to crash on the Reseo.  And they also wondered if he got any money with the ship.
     “Yeah I bet she can smoke.  Hey, Grega, are there bathrooms and bedrooms on this ship?  Because I’m not up for heading all the way back to the suite.  I’d rather crash here if it’s possible?” asked Den calmly as he walked behind Grega and Hobii down the hallway.  And Den was about to piss himself as was Rosemary.
     “The bathrooms are right here on your right in these the first of 7 bedrooms.  Do you need a snack before bed?” asked Hobii as he opened one of the suites on the right.  And Den and Rosemary pushed Hobii out of the way and hurried into the suites.
     “Thanks for the concern!” yelled Den as he darted into the 45 foot long suite that has an hourglass shaped bed up on a 4 foot platform.  With there being 5 steps leading up to it as well as it having plush white linens and purple bear shaped pillows.  And it was in the center of the room.
     There is a skylight above the bed that the moon can clearly be seen thru, as well as the prison colony that the Doramocs had set up there called Rackus 58 and its tower of Goom.
     The tower of Goom is 175 stories high and 1 mile wide round red and dark blue glowing tower.  And it is filled with undesirables as the Doramocs called them.  But they were simply writers and film makers who tried to make art that went against Doramockind.  One of the prisoners was Grean Beluth, a writer of note who had won the Pulitzer Prize and a Nobel Prize for his book,” Love signals at dusk.”  The book involved a gay love affair between a Doramoc woman and a Caucasian human women, that made it seem like it could happen.   What the Doramocs thought of it was that it was more than a slap in their face.   Seeing as they thought homosexuality was against their religion and gays and lesbians should be killed, but that they thought a genuine love affair between a human and a Doramoc was even more disgusting.  They took Grean, all of his living relatives, all his friends, and every person he spoke to during his daily life and put them all in Goom tower.  While they were there they began torturing them all from sun up to sunset for now going on 8 years.
     The rest of the suite has an almost outdoor hilly tan and brown cashmere rug covered floor, as well as a giant holographic TV on a pedestal.  And there are large lavish white marble and gold fixtures filling the bathroom.  There is also a pair of tan couches facing the holographic TV that are shaped like horses standing up on 2 legs.  There is also a pair of psychedelic lamps on the right side of the room that shoot out holographic circles in every direction.
     “Where the fuck is the bathroom?” asked Rosemary frantically as she looked around for it, but Den saw it on the right and ran in laughing.    And Rosemary pleaded,” Den, let me in there I’m gonna piss myself.  This isn’t funny, Den, c’mon?”
     “Alright, fine, but you’ll have to use the shower the toilet’s mine,” said Den slyly as he opened the door and Rosemary ran in and pulled her pants down and jumped on the toilet.  And Den hopped in the shower as Rosemary laughed and Den said slyly,” that wasn’t very ladylike.  This shower is nice thou.”
     Meanwhile Pat, Amo, and Grega were in the command center sitting on a trio of burgundy, green, and brown beanbag recliners.  As they faced out a circular window that has a built in computer interface in the glass that showed dozens of controls, as well as different rooms in the Reseo and outside angles of the ship.   The room has 3 levels with a large bedroom and bathroom up above where Grega and everyone were sitting that is accessible by a spiral staircase.  The level below has a full weight room and a dozen fish tanks, as well as a holographic movie theater.  The level Grega is on also had a small kitchen and a wall lined with escape pods and jet suits called Rumots.
     Rumots can launch you into the air and you can soar for over 100 miles.  And they are yellow and brown with anti-gravity thrusters.
     “Alright, you want to see what this baby can do, watch this!” said Grega boldly as he grinned wildly and then let out a high pitched yell and hit the thrusters.  Then the Reseo shot forward up away from the building and past Wexor’s still floating living room.  But he didn’t notice while Den lost his balance and pissed on himself.  And Amo and Pat laughed as they worried they were encouraging Grega too much as he did aggressive things if you did.
     They soared up into a lightning zone, or expressway, and started weaving in and around of Ferraris and Mercedes trucks.  And Grega laughed menacingly as he thought he was in total control of Amo and Pat.  Then Grega really laid down the speed and they started to go twice supersonic.  The other cars and trucks didn’t know what to make of them.  They had to veer away from the Reseo as it drew near and Grega laughed hard.
     “This is insane, Grega, but what happens if we hit one of the other ships?” asked Pat anxiously as the other ships were just a blur as they raced past them.    And Amo was getting nervous as she clutched Pat’s hand tightly.  And Grega let out a howl and veered back and forth as he knew he was scaring Amo and Pat.
     “We’re gonna fuckin’ die!  I can’t breathe, I feel lightheaded for fuck’s sake.  Oh you might have to take the controls,” said Grega coyly as he pretended to be passing out and did a hard veer to the left.  This caused ships to scatter and Amo to yell out.  This while Pat was hoping he was joking, but wasn’t sure if he was.
     Then Grega steered the Reseo down and clipped a small lightning rod on the top of a building.  And he was really loving scaring Amo and Pat.
     “Grega, are you serious for god’s sake?!  We don’t know how to fly this ship.  We just got in it 5 minutes ago!” asked Amo nervously as she reached over and shook Grega who was pretending to be dozing off.  And Pat jumped up and raced over to Grega worried now he was dying, but still in the back of his mind he thought he could be joking.  And the Reseo went thru a massive hole in a red apartment building and then out the other side.
     Pat started to shake Grega who as he did coughed and then burst out laughing.  And Pat and Amo gave him soft punches and each of them laughed.   Meanwhile Hobii flew in with a tray of warm brownies and ice cold chocolate milk.
     “Grega, you are low rent.  What kinda crap was that?  You hit the lightning rod for fuck’s sake.  Weren’t you worried you could kill us?” asked Amo sternly and playfully as she grinned and Grega continued to laugh, while Pat laughed as well.
     “No, god no this ship has a massive reinforced outer shell.  Quite frankly we could smash right thru half the buildings around us.  And also we have the ability to go to different dimensions by using some gismo in my arsenal.  So if any of these pussies around here mess with us they’ll be in deep shit Grega style,” said Grega boldly as he flexed his muscles and then chuckled loudly.  This while Pat and Amo thought he was acting a little crazy and they forced a laugh.  The Reseo did a barrel roll up out of the hole in a blue building and into the Rockefeller light garden above them.  And it seemed like sunrise it was so bright outside the ship.
     The Rockefeller light garden is an every night occurrence where one hundred and sixty five holographic animals and cartoon characters like Batman were shot up above Rockefeller Plaza.  Once there they were made to do battle with one another as people from all over the city and the country looked on.  It is such a vibrant show for years some people called in to police as they thought the world was coming to an end and they were genuinely scared.
     “Look at how beautiful that is.  Where exactly are we right now?” asked Pat as he eyed the incredible Hulk punching Goldilocks again and again.   Mean while Elmer Fud had Batman in a headlock, and Amo looked and was truly taken aback at how massive it. She was also amazed at the sheer number of holograms and the amazing colors.
     “It’s Rockefeller Plaza and this light show is here every night of the year.  Would you like a brownie, exalted Grega?” asked Hobii as he offered Grega the plate of brownies and chocolate milk.  And everyone’s eyes darted over to him as they didn’t realize he had entered the room.  And Grega saw the brownies and his eyes grew wide.
     “Oh yeah, Hobii, I’ll be taking those off your hands.  Do either of you want any?” asked Grega as he took the plate and looked at Pat and Amo and hoped they’d say no, because he wanted to eat them all.  But Grega didn’t want to let on that he was only being polite.  And Pat and Amo looked at the brownies and knew he wanted to eat them all.    And they acted like they weren’t interested by shrugging their shoulders and grimacing.
     “Ya know I would like a brownie.  If that’s alright?” asked Amo slowly and coyly as she reached out with her hand and waited for Grega to say yes as he hesitated for a second.  And Grega thought shit I really wanted to eat them all.  And Pat and Amo both noticed the hesitation and continued to look uninterested in the brownies.
     “Yeah, eat up really eat up.  Hobii, why don’t you go get us another plate of these I’m starving?” asked Grega begrudgingly as Amo took two brownies and started eating them with a smile on her face.  And Pat looked at Grega with his hand out as he asked coyly for a brownie.  And Grega said anxiously,” yeah, go right ahead, my brother.  There’s plenty more of the brownies from heaven on the way to our welcoming bellies.”
     “Thanks, Grega, just the snacks we needed,” said Pat coyly as he grabbed two and started eating happily as they watched Superman and Puff the magic dragon bashing each other’s heads in with baseball bats and stabbing each other with sword.  This as a plume of holographic blood filled the sky and the words,” The mighty have risen from Laramie and the saints are thankful the smell is gone,” filled the skies with the thick green letters.  And Pat looked at it and laughed.
     “Where are Rosemary and Den, what’d they fall in the toilet?” asked Amo jokingly as she laughed and continued to eat.

                                                                      Chapter 10

                                                            A dire case of Aquasid




     Lemerad Gittle wrote the religious novel titled,” Found and lost at sinset,” about a 596 pound prophet on Forpush who sets about to answer all of the greatest questions of Doramockind.  He does this by continuously writing all day every day as his wife Fes brings him his meals, baths him, and brings him a bedpan.  Lemerad starts writing the book as a way to make a living until one day he starts writing with what he later called,” his most powerful self.”   And he wrote a 100 page portion that included,” A trillion men and women will die just as many deaths, with most missing the real essence of knowing the core of what the rhythm of life feels like.  The rhythm is the last thing we hear at night and the first thing we remember in the morning.  It’s our genuine laughter at a trivial thing and are unexplainable anger when something deserves none.  What it has been is an energy god that shoots thru existence every so often to quietly remind us of what’s hidden in every molecule.  God himself is in our eyes as we blink.  Our legs as we run for our lives down a rocky slope, as well as in the fire in our oven cooked sustenance.  Where god isn’t, is in our greed for anything, because only a pure passion to achieve things can be god.  Everything else is our sinister selves holding us in a tight jagged shackle of self.  This energy, this Bamram, is never noticeable, but always felt.  I wanted to tell you of it just now, not to illuminate your mind or even to hold you fast.  Instead to propel us both forward at the same unbelievable speed of thought.  Because the Bamram can be shared and felt simultaneously without a single breathes less effectiveness.  Let the joy be in the heart of an emotionless pencil or nowhere at all.”
     Lemerad never wrote of his family and their love of him other than to say,” We understood the same aches.  We were the same oblivion and that is not easy.”
     Meanwhile inside Grega’s Reseo it is morning now and everyone is showering or already dressed.  Grega is in the command center with Pat, Rosemary, and Amo as they wait for Den to get out of the shower.  And they are each eating breakfast, as Grega has the Reseo parked facing out over the Statue of Liberty and the Yayat.
     The Yayat is a fishing community of displaced Asian fishermen and women.  And they have their own fishing routes in Asia fished out and have no source of food.  This happened in the year 2051 and they all loaded up their ships with all they had and trekked literally halfway around the world to the Atlantic Ocean.   Because they are illegal immigrants on land they built up a massive series of floating buildings on their conjoined boats.  Some towering now 190 stories and they called it Yayat.  It looks like their native country’s architecture only it is a weird wondrous community.  Most of the people living in Yayat, and there are 3 million on the water, lived there so long it started to change their DNA.  This led to an almost bluish skin and red glowing eyes.  The people on land started calling them Blue thumbs, or Bluts for short.  After several years of living hospitably with each other and Bluts selling the people on shore their fish there was an incident of violence against an African American woman by a Blut.  After that day anyone who dared go into Yayat was never heard from again.  It was rumored that the missing people had ended up in a stew or meat pie.  The police tried to get rid of the Bluts, but all their attempts were futile, as Yayat was just too massive.
     “How’s the pancakes, Rosemary?  Are they cooked all the way thru?” asked Grega as he ate his steak, fried potatoes, and Beluga caviar and looked over at Rosemary sitting in the beanbag chair on his left.  Grega tried to play up his role as the benevolent host and Amo and Pat sat on his right and knew what he was doing.
     “Well that’s why we cook ‘em, Grega, otherwise I’d be drinking the batter and running for the toilet after.  Don’t underestimate the pow-er of blueberries.  How ‘bout you, Grega, did you use toilet paper this morning, my nose says no?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she smirked at Grega who grinned and threw his hands up.   Pat and Amo chuckled and Pat looked out at Yayat and saw a dozen Bluts being thrust into the air by an air jet.  And the Bluts were doing spins and flips as a holographic shark’s head tried to bite them.
     And Pat thought he’d never seen culture like this before and knew he’d never long for Portland again.
     “So you like ‘em.  Well that’s a load off.  All this time I thought the horse manure would overpower the blueberry goodness.  Well now I’m really happy I just know something good is coming our way.  Hey, we might even get to enjoy incarceration at one of 7 New York state prisons and crazy farms.  Hell if we play our cards right, they’ll let us use forks and spoons by the eighth year.  From what I hear the sodomy and face punches take only a year to get used to.  Then you’re a hardened criminal for life.  Remember ole Grega told it to ya true when you’re tryin’ to scale the barbed wire fence in your escape hmmm,” said Grega sarcastically as he looked straight faced at Rosemary as she and Amo howled with laughter.  And Pat was only half listening as he watched 2,000 Bluts do an array of Karate moves while floating high above Yayat on an air jet.   Pat felt a strong urge to want to join them.
     “Grega, you’re too good to me.  The way you tell me thing and the dumb you share.  I probably would have a low degree or be a doctor by now, if it weren’t for you.  When I ponder the places I’ve never been and the people unlike you I would have met, ya know smart and attractive people.  It is then I think of my life as a chicken turd scooper and anarchist, and know I am blessed.  I won’t forgive you for stealing all my ambition in life.  No, no I know you are but Satan and I a sucker for god.  So yeah the pancakes are good,” said Rosemary sarcastically and nonchalantly as she held a pancake up in the air like she was the Statue of Liberty and everyone laughed.  And she felt she couldn’t be any happier so she took a bite of her pancakes.
     “It’s those very pancakes I use to hypnotize innocent people like yourself, Rosemary.  I’ve filled them with Satan’s ground up chest hair and cooked into many an unsuspecting person’s meal.  Oh yes, eat up my lovely,” said Grega sarcastically in a stern voice as everyone laughed and shook their heads.  And Grega hoped he’d told the funnier joke, but decided he was too tired and said happily,” glad you like ‘em, Rosemary.  Ya know this is a really beautiful spot to sit and eat breakfast.  I mean look at those karate masters out there.  And how those holograms of alligators and dragons don’t even bother them a bit.  Have you ever seen anything like that in your lives?” asked Grega softly and coyly as he eyed the 2,000 Bluts as they balanced on one foot.  As dozens upon dozens of dragons and ghosts holograms bombarded them.   This while Grega pretended to be blown away by it, but he’d seen it on National Geographic.
     “Once, on a vaginal safari I never spoke of it ‘til now and quite frankly I never should of.  Many of my hardest erections were lost in that chasm and I’ll morn them every day of my life.  It was the never ending vagina named, Amo, that took their lives.  Damn it if I’ll let it happen again!” said Pat sarcastically in an over dramatic voice as he pounded his fist into the beanbag chair again and again.   Rosemary and Grega laughed hard and Amo rolled her eyes at Pat, but wasn’t actually angry at all.  And Amo sat there smiling and thinking of a retort.
     “I remember that safari and if memory serves you were the 5th of 10 hard erections that found their way inside.  I can’t say which was the hottest, but I have a vague recollection of a silver one that called me Edgar.  And a green one that looked like Barack Obama, but I’m not one to sex and tell.  Oddly your erection was only a brief memory and lacked conviction of thrust, if memory serves,” said Amo sarcastically and in a sultry voice as everyone laughed and Pat looked at his crotch and mouthed the words,” why me why now.”
     Then a giant red and blue hologram head of Genghis Kahn rose up out of Yayat.  And it started blowing bubbles filled with departed souls in every direction.  And everyone looked at it in awe as the Bluts started shooting purple and yellow flaming arrows in the air as a way to bless that day’s fishing.
     “Look, how do you feel about going down there and looking around that floating city?  Because I am blown away right now, aren’t you?” asked Grega coyly as he already knew about the Bluts and all the deadly disappearances.  And he hoped Amo, Pat or even Rosemary after her Ge suit joke would end up good and dead down there.  And Grega was laying it on thick by staring at the Bluts wide eyed and Amo thought something was up, but didn’t know what.  And Pat wasn’t picking anything up as he looked at a thousand arrows fly thru the air.
     “I’m down for it, but is it safe down there?  In case you didn’t notice we’re white people per se,” asked Rosemary sternly as she smirked and ate the last of her pancakes.   And Grega had a mini panic attack as he knew Rosemary might have blown his plan and he wanted to punch her in the mouth.  This while Amo saw that flint of anger in his eye and she knew something bad was in Yayat.
     “Is what safe, you’re not doing drugs again are ya, Rosemary?  Is it good stuff, I could use a buzz?” asked Den slyly as he walked over to everyone and did a little dance as Hobii flew beside him.  And everyone glanced over at him except for Amo who was watching Grega intently as he nodded and forced a smile.
     “No, I wish, actually we were talking about going down to that floating city and checking it out.  I mean it might be dangerous is why I’m not up for it,” said Grega coyly as he could feel Amo’s eyes on him.  And Grega kept looking out the window and picked up a cinnamon raisin bagel covered in cream cheese and started eating it nonchalantly.  And Amo knew what he was doing and smiled to herself.
    “Well I’m totally down for it.  It looks like a madhouse down there, sick!” said Den enthusiastically as he pretended to be playing a guitar solo and threw his head back.   Pat and Rosemary laughed and Grega danced back and forth.
     “Well, I don’t know on this one.  What if we get down there and it’s like martial law for fuck’s sake?  Maybe we should just send, Grega, and have him report back when he’s not killed?   Huh, what do you say, Grega, I bet you’re down for going either way?” asked Amo coyly as she smiled at Grega and then watched him glare back at her.  And Pat instantly knew it had to be a deadly place and that Grega was scheming something.
     “Yeah, Grega, I need to know it’s safe before I go into that, madhouse as, Den, put it.  Since it was your idea to begin with, you head over and wave to us from that building, and then we’ll head over and party down.  How’s that sound, is it a pickle sandwich?” asked Pat coyly as he shook Grega’s shoulder and smiled at him knowing that Grega’s ego was so large he wouldn’t be able to say he was scared and not go.    Grega thought oh shit I shouldn’t have brought it up I could die over there, but I can’t let Pat emasculate me either.    This as Grega forced a smile and did a quick laugh.
     “Yeah what’s the big deal, Grega?  I’m sure tourists do it all the time.  Plus we’ll be right over here in case something goes down.  Don’t worry about it,” said Rosemary reassuringly as she hugged Grega from the side.  And now he felt enormous peer pressure to go and smiled nervously and thought I may actually be dead because of my stupid idea, how could I do that.
     “But who will steer my ship and run the weapons if I’m not here to do it?” asked Grega anxiously as he looked at Amo as she grinned back at him and he knew he was caught.  And Pat was enjoying watching Grega squirm.
     “Just show, Pat, how to use everything before you go, and we’ll easily be able to save you if anything goes wrong.  I wouldn’t worry, they look like happy people over there.  It could be fun,” said Rosemary brightly as she grinned and thought Grega was lucky for getting to go on such an adventure.   Grega started to sweat as he knew from what he had read that the Bluts were a vile and vicious group of people.  And that he wouldn’t be coming back alive, but then he remembered what happened when he did the Ge suit flying and thought maybe he was being scared unnecessarily.
     “Yeah, Grega, I can handle it, I’m a big boy.  I know my alphabet and all my adding and subtracting,” said Pat sarcastically and coyly as he knew what could be over there by how Grega was acting.  And that it had to be dire or Grega wouldn’t be so nervous.    Grega laughed slightly as a stern look crept across his face and he was dying to beat the shit out of Pat and Amo.    And Grega wanted to fling Rosemary into Yayat and have her get ripped to shreds being that little smiling bitch he thought.    Rosemary smiled at him and rubbed his shoulder and thought about winning big at the Bamram.
     “O.K. fuck it, I’ll probably die over there, but at least I’ll be dead and you only die once.  Well, I’ll have, Hobii, show you how to use everything, Pat.    And then I’ll grab a trio of Buds and drink them down.  And then head on over to my certain doom.  I’m just kidding, it should be fun.  I went to China once and had a blast, but the Chinese food wasn’t as good as ours.  I don’t know quite why, but it tasted a lot like a cat I had in junior high that I called John Lemon,” said Grega sarcastically as he stood up and took a long look at Yayat.  And he felt a chill go down his back as he knew he had just fucked himself.   And he desperately wanted to pound Amo in the face until she begged for him to stop punching her.  And he also wanted to pound Rosemary, as he saw her smiling face and he wanted to dropkick her 5 or 6 times and wipe that smile from her face.   Pat watched Grega and wondered if he was about to snap because there was a lot of tension in his shoulders.
     Pat stood up and put his arm around Grega and Grega instantly cringed, but softened his posture.    
      “It’s alright, Grega, nobody’s gonna fuck with my friend and get away with it.  I’ll keep a close eye on you and I’ll be ready to pounce, don’t worry,” said Pat coyly in a bold voice as he patted Grega on the back.  And they looked over at Yayat and Grega knew he was going into hell on Earth.  And he really didn’t want Pat’s hands on him, but he grimaced and tried to think of having sex with Amo as a way to stick it to Pat.
     “Yeah, I know you will and keep, darling Amo, out of the chocolate pudding.  I don’t want that ass getting its own zip code.  Alright I’ll go down there right now and see if I can even get in there at all.  I mean maybe no tourists are allowed in,” said Grega coyly as he looked at everyone knowing full well you could go in because he saw someone go in half an hour earlier.    Amo grinned as she saw someone walking up to Yayat as they spoke.
     “Wait, Grega, someone is trying to tell you something.  Its trust your friends you’re gonna be safe.  Dead people are dumbasses you know that.  They don’t have the guts of you or the fashion sense.  Now knock um good and dead, hmm,” said Amo coyly and slyly as she grinned at Grega who glared back at her and thought what a fucking bitch she was being for saying that.    And Grega started to clench his fist before he realized what he was doing.  And he just smirked and headed for the front exit of the Reseo with Hobii at Pat’s side.
     Hobii explained to Pat how to use everything on the ship and put the headset on him.  Pat looked at Amo who was smiling and he smiled himself because he also knew what an arrogant brat Grega was being, as well as the peril he wanted to put them in.
     “So where is this Grega I heard tell of?  I see him nowhere?” asked Pat loudly as he scanned the dock in front of Yayat for Grega, but he was nowhere to be seen.    Amo had to laugh at the absurdity of the moment.
     “Maybe he’s hitchhiking back to Portland, because he’s sick of being rich and happy.  I know I am,” said Den sarcastically as he sipped his cup of Folgers coffee black.  And Rosemary gave him a soft punch and they laughed.
     “If that’s the case who’s that idiot in the Grega disguise down there?  He even smells like him, can’t ya smell the beans?” asked Pat sarcastically as he grinned and eyed Grega as he walked timidly towards Yayat.   The Bluts paid him no mind and Amo rubbed Pat’s shoulders and thought just how ridiculous Grega had become.  After all they had been thru and Grega having been such a jerk to everyone before and she smiled to herself.
     “I smell it, there’s also some morning ass mixed in.  Oh aren’t we lucky, lucky like bedpan cleaners.  Feel the luck,” said Amo sarcastically and over dramatically as they all laughed.  And Grega got ever closer with a nervous look on his face.
     Then as 2 Bluts passed him and smiled at him and waved, it calmed Grega’s nerves and he thought alright Grega it’s not so bad.
     “Just walk in and don’t show fear you can do this Grega,” said Grega quietly to himself as he nodded to a red haired Blut woman who he walked past heading for Yayat.
     Yayat looked ominous with all its dragon statues of green emerald and gold that numbered in the tens of thousands, with several of them 30 feet high.  There are dark green Asian style painted layered roofs with red wooden paintings of ancient Asian icons like the Geisha, as well as Rea Woo.
     Rea Woo is the ruler of the Bluts and very few white people have ever seen him without his disguise, other than to be killed by him.  Little is known about him other than he sells high grade heroin in Greenwich Village under the name Jack Hale.  He looks like bad news thou as he has giant hands and large bulging biceps that sit on top of his bulbous powerful legs.  He is 6’0” feet tall and weighs 207 pounds, with bluish skin and red glowing eyes like all the other Bluts.  He said once to a reporter from the New York Times webpage,” We only kill what comes close.  If you don’t wish to die find another place to be at.  Our world is not your domain.”  Rea is also the leader of the Chinese mafia in Chinatown and is greatly feared.
     There are panda statues that also have apartments inside them every so often throughout Yayat, and they are each 4,000 square feet.  There are 2 basketball courts some 300 feet above the water, that the Bluts play Dunkball on, or low rim basketball tournaments.  Where they place large wagers on the winner and play each game the first one to score 70 points.   On each of the courts surrounding there are rows of dark red and gold trim couches set up to accommodate all the betters.   On the top of Yayat there is a lookout tower that is yellow and blue and has several round windows in it, as well as the words,” Try being everywhere without moving a step.  Then you’ll know where my mind has taken me all of these moments.  And you may understand why I laughed at your grief,” written along the top of the tower.  There is also a trio of brown leather chairs set up on a deck with Bluts watching for intruders.  There is the smell of Teriyaki beef sticks and beef dumplings filling the air.   This as a young boy plays an acoustic guitar and sings a song he has written titled,” Open a closed mind,” from a few stories up as Grega is about to step into Yayat.
     “Grega, looks nervous as hell.  Do you think we should just go get him for god’s sake?” asked Rosemary as she eyed Grega and she was beginning to fear the worst.    Pat and Amo fought back laughter as they didn’t think he’d go thru with it.         
     “No, no I think he’s brave enough and physically strong enough to make a break for it if he had to.  Let’s just see what happens, he may turn and run,” said Pat coyly as he tried not to smile.  This as Grega stepped onto Yayat and started walking casually up a gentle rising dark brown walkway.  And the walkway has tiny gargoyles along the sides of it.
     Grega walks along completely scared, but as he walks he starts to get confidence.  He sees a spiral wooden mahogany and bamboo staircase and thinks he’d go up it, as he wipes the sweat from his forehead.   Grega walks up the stairs and thinks how badass he feels and what a bunch of pussies Pat and them are for not coming with him.  Then a pair of Bluts walk down the stairs past Grega.  And he just shrugs his shoulders calmly as he nods to them and they nod back.
     “I can’t believe it I’m actually walking in Yayat.  What a feeling,” whispered Grega to himself as he neared the 4th floor.  And he decides to walk out onto it and see what is there.   This while Amo and Pat think wow he’s really brave as they watch Grega.
     Grega walks out onto a golden bridge that has a 4 foot emerald railing and 6 lookouts built into it.  And it has rotating emerald green leather recliners and refrigerators set up in them.  There is a 7 foot tall and 4 foot wide statue of Rea Woo in the center of a crow’s nest.  And it has a holographic projector in it that is creating living movies around it.  And it is showing the movie,” The Color of Money,” starring Paul Newman.  And Grega walks up to the movie and he stands beside Newman as he lines up a shot on the pool table.   And Grega smiles as he thinks it is the coolest thing ever that he was still alive and watching one of his favorite movies.
     “Look at him, he’s just lounging around over there.  Should we just go over now?” asked Pat as he looked at Grega in amazement.  And then Amo looked at him and thought he was the bravest man she’d ever seen.
     “I don’t see why not, but let’s just watch a minute more.  We don’t want to be hasty,” said Amo softly as Grega started dancing with the Paul Newman hologram as it moved around the pool table.  And then out of a hidden doorway a Blut came out just as Grega turned to wave to everyone.
     The Blut ran and pushed Grega off the side of the bridge.    And he fell head over heels down onto a massive dark blue tarp and was knocked unconscious.
     “Jesus Christ, they just killed Grega!” shouted Amo nervously and in shock as she covered her mouth and started breathing heavy.    Everyone was terrified by what they’d just seen and froze in their tracks.   Then a trio of Bluts in lime green furry robes and triangular purple and gold hats raced over to Grega’s body.  And they started pulling him off the tarp as he started to wake up.  
     As Grega did thou one of the Bluts put some knockout powder in his mouth and he quickly lost consciousness.
     “Oh my god, Oh my god Grega’s dead!  I need to lie down my friend is dead!” shouted Rosemary frantically as she started to faint and Den caught her.   Grega was carried quickly into a pair of red and gold covered semi round doors.  And then Grega was carried into a room filled with 10 golden thrones with dark blue cushions.
     The room also has an opium pipe in the center with a dozen pipes and a glass orb filled with opium in a green dragon upturned mouth.   There are also several sex swings set up in the room and 2 dozen sex toys lying around on the floor.   There are 2 other doors in the room, one at the far end and one on the left that are the same as the doors leading in, but have the words,” Righteous and the pompous have no rights or arrogance when held in god’s hands.  If you are either, then I’d fear god’s free hand, as he’ll be only half as lenient as I am.”   As well as the words,” A powerless fleck of dust can get in your eye and cause you to walk off a cliff as you try and remove it with your finger.  So was it a fleck of dust or a bit of karma finding its way into your life.  Let’s remember the cliff’s laughter while you plummet and think it over,” written on the door in red emerald.  The walls in the room have staircases leading up to paintings of ancient rulers that included Gamgo Lurt and also Rea Woo.     
     Gamgo Lurt is the new messiah as the Bluts consider him.  He speaks only 18 minutes a day and every word a new religious concept or idea like the words,” Man was a memory before he was a living breathing thing.  And now it was all but an afterthought to god and to history.  I only consider the purity of god’s belief in our history as a reason to never question my existence at all.”  Gamgo lives in Yayat and never ventures onto dry land.  He instead chooses to write and paint as the Bluts tend to his every wish.
     The Bluts put Grega in one of the thrones and then tied his hands with thick brown ropes to the throne tightly.   Grega starts to wake up and he blinks his eyes twice hard.  And he feels an uncontrollable fear as there is a large man in red Samurai regalia with a green rubber bat in his hands.
     “Oh Jesus fuck don’t hurt me!  I’m sorry for coming here please!” pleaded Grega nervously as he tried to break free of his ropes.   Then the Samurai hit him hard in the face knocking his head fast backwards.   And Grega let out a scream of agony and then pleaded,” please let me go!  I just want to see my mother again!  Please I’m all she’s got now!”
     Then the Samurai hit Grega again with the bat this time right in the eye, and it caused Grega to see a flash of light.  Grega blinked quickly and started to cry as he saw the Samurai pacing back and forth and waving the bat.
     “You shouldn’t have come here!  How would you like it if I came to your home and fucked your woman!?  I know she would have liked it, but how ‘bout you tourist!?” shouted Rea Woo angrily as he stood there in the red Samurai regalia.  And Rea waved the rubber bat in front of Grega’s face as he trembled and cried.
     “I wouldn’t like it, I wouldn’t like it at all!  I’m sorry I came here I was a stupid son of a bitch and a coward, and I’m sorry,” said Grega nervously as he didn’t dare look Rea in the eyes.   Instead he looked at the ceiling while he secretly wished he could punch Rea good and hard a dozen times and make him eat that bat.    Rea wanted to kill Grega for being weak and worthless, but he wanted to toy with him first.
     “Sorry won’t cut it!  You have desecrated my home with your idiot mind!  I’ve killed many men in my life, but I’m not sure you’re even worth a death, tourist!” thundered Rea then he started bashing Grega in the face with his bat.  And blood splattered on Grega’s face and then Rea stopped suddenly.    And Grega glared at him and he wished he could grab that bat and beat Rea to death.   Rea saw his expression and thought Grega had an inner strength he had not thought was there.  Then Rea said calmly,” clean him up and have him smoke and get smoked before I return.  What is your name or should I keep calling you tourist?” asked Rea warmly as he looked at a pissed off Grega who was still shaking.
     “It’s Grega, that’s all it’s ever been.  What should I call you?” asked Grega as he looked at Rea as he took off his Samurai helmet and threw his long hair back.  And he felt like Rea’s bluish skin and glowing eyes were really cool.
     “It’s Rea, nice to see you, Grega.  I always love meeting a warrior.  I’ll be back in a short while with your education,” said Rea coyly as he grinned and then walked up a staircase next to Grega’s throne.  And Rea went thru a secret passageway behind a painting and disappeared.  And Rea thought about how fierce that look was in Grega’s eye.  And he thought how he hadn’t seen that look on a white man in all his life causing him to grin.
     Meanwhile Pat and everyone were flying over Yayat scanning for Grega.
     “God dam it, if I don’t see him soon I’m gonna start firing, and it won’t be love taps.  Where the fuck is he?” asked Pat sternly as he scanned Yayat where Grega had fallen and felt something was amiss.   This while Amo rubbed his shoulders and cried.  And she didn’t realize how bad she’d feel if something happened to someone she loved.  And she wished she’d been nicer to Grega.
     The Reseo hovered over Yayat and a dozen Bluts started shooting suction cup arrows up at the Reseo, as they tried to pull it from the sky.  This scared everyone and Pat looked around for an answer.
     “We can’t stay here, Pat, they’re trying to bring us down!  Make a break for it!” said Rosemary boldly as she felt terrified at what was happening, but knew just what to do.    This while Den eyed the arrows and didn’t want to leave as he glared at Pat.
     “Fuck no, Pat, we can’t just leave, Grega, here.  He’s our friend, I say we fight ‘em right fucking now!” said Den sharply as the Bluts continued firing the suction cups.  And Pat swayed the Reseo back and forth to snap them off, as he couldn’t reckon with leaving Grega.
     “If I shoot them I could be killing, Grega, Den.  We don’t know where he is or what they’d do to him if we fired!  What other ideas do you have, anyone?” asked Pat fiercely as he continued to steer the ship from side to side to avoid getting taken down by the Bluts.  This while Den was getting exasperated by the situation and threw up his hands.
     “What about the Friends Again Club?  They said if we had a problem they could solve it.  At the very least they have the smartest people in the world as members.  They would have to have better ideas than we do now,” asked Amo timidly as she wiped her eyes.  And she watched the Bluts trying to climb their suction cup lines to get to the Reseo and she started to sweat.    Pat’s mind was darting from thoughts of Grega to just blasting the Bluts, as he continued to swerve the Reseo back and forth.         
     “We’re outta here, right now!  I’m sorry, Grega, but we have to stay alive or there’s no chance,” said Pat boldly as he hit the thrusters and snapped all the Bluts suction lines, but one.  With that single Blut still climbing his line as the Reseo sped away.    And everyone was conflicted with Den feeling like he’s just lost a brother and Rosemary sobbing still. 
     “See ya, Grega, we loved ya and we’re comin back, to do massive damage.  Don’t worry about that,” said Rosemary softly as she wept and couldn’t think of any other thing they could have done.  This while Den stormed out of the room and threw a pair of Natural Light bottles against the wall.  This sent shards of glass and beer all over the wall and floor.
     “He’s rightfully pissed, Pat.  That’s his friend down there and we are as well, but not like Den and Grega,” said Amo warmly as Pat stared vacantly out the window as he headed for the Friends Again Club.  And he felt like he was rid of Grega and his deceptions on one hand, but wrecked by losing such a close friend on the other.    This while Amo was missing Grega, but also felt like it was his stupidity that caused this so it was his own fault. 
     “Grega’s not dying in there with those bastards.  I tell you now the club will help us get him home safe and the same as he was before, and that’s it,” said Pat forcefully as he steered around a trio of smaller Porsche cars and a large white bus.  And everyone felt slightly reassured by Pat.
     Meanwhile Grega was in a green and pink floral design kimono and his black Armani slipper dress shoes.   As he sat in his throne as the Bluts had him smoking opium and a beautiful young Blut woman was giving him head.  She went down on him again and again as he calmly smoked his opium.  She stroked his rock hard cock and moaned in between licks.  And Grega was thinking how great the feeling of opium is, as well as the sexual experience.  He thought about his friends and how he wished they were there too.  Then Grega came and let out only a laugh as the young woman named Riri cleaned off his penis with a soft white towel.
     Riri has purple and black ear high hair, with bangs to her eyes in the front.  She is 5’10 and very curvaceous and completely naked.  She has a dragon tattoo on her back and has the bluish skin and glowing red eyes of a Blut.  She also has on a white pearl necklace with Rea’s face on each of the pearls.
     “Was it good for you my darling, Grega man?” asked Riri playfully as she sat on Grega’s lap.   And she rubbed up against his penis and then turned and kissed him.   And she thought how handsome he looked and that he was unlike anyone she’d known.
     “Riri, I needed that like I’ve needed air all my life.  I’ve found a feeling that I can’t quite understand.  If the whole world was smoking this, they wouldn’t be killing each other.  Thank you, Riri,” said Grega happily as he gently rubbed Riri’s shoulders and back and thought he’d found heaven on Earth.  This while Riri really liked him and how he talked.
     “I agree, it’s the smoke of love.  And love doesn’t kill, doesn’t meme, doesn’t destroy.  Grega man, I feel the answers to it all are right here in this room as we sit.  They don’t get it out there and they don’t get us.  Do I seem like the devil to you?” asked Riri as she pouted her lips and gently slapped Grega’s chest.  And he chuckled and then pulled her in close and smiled at her mischievously while she waited for an answer.  And Grega thought he would kid with her for a second.
     “Riri, as far as I’m concerned you’re an angel who misplaced her wings.  You are the one I wished for when I had nothing but dreams.  And now I look you in the eye and realize, they weren’t dreams at all, but the future taking its time in finding me.  I want to stay here with you forever, Riri.  Would you like that?” asked Grega warmly as he kissed Riri.  And she welled up with tears and thought how beautiful Grega’s words were.  And how she knew she’d never end up in such a place when she was a worker in a sweat shop in China, as now being held by her dream man.
     “Grega man, I don’t want to be anywhere you aren’t.  We can be more than friends, more than lovers, everything everyday.  I can tell this isn’t a passing love for you, Grega, and I know it isn’t for me.  I feel love for you, Grega, just how does that sit with you?” asked Riri anxiously as she rubbed Grega’s cheeks and looked into his eyes.  And Riri prayed he’d say he loved her and Grega nodded quickly and kissed her hand.
     “It’s love for me, Riri, as crazy as that sounds.  If you’re not gonna take a chance on somebody, you’re gonna run out of chances.  I want to have this conversation every day for the rest of my life.  I just hope that’s what you want,” said Grega implying a question as he couldn’t look at Riri as he feared rejection.   Riri laughed at this and grabbed his face and turned it to her.
     “Whenever, wherever I’m there, Grega man.  I don’t kid around with my heart.  I hope you don’t either.  Ya know it isn’t everyday a white skin looks at me like my blue skin is no big deal,” said Riri anxiously as she looked down at her bare breasts and felt self conscious, but Grega lifted her chin with his hand.
     “It isn’t to me, I only see you.  I don’t kid around with my heart either.  When I say a certain thing you can just accept that it’s true.  I love you, Riri, I think we should get married,” said Grega warmly as he kissed Riri’s neck and then face.  And he knew he’d love her forever and didn’t care if he saw his friends ever again.  This while Riri started to tear up as she smiled and pointed her finger at Grega and he shook it.
     “I love my, Grega man, and we are going all the way and be married my friend.  Now let’s think about our ceremony, because I want all my friends and family to at least get some dumplings and a fortune cookie or they’ll be pissed,” said Riri jokingly as Grega smiled from ear to ear and thought how cute she was being and that he loved her.
     “Riri, I am rich, I am so fucking rich I can buy every person you’ve ever met piles of fortune cookies, and dumplings 2 miles high.  And we’ll drink more barrels of Saki than you can handle.  I’ll have to bring a sack to carry you home in you’ll be so drunk.  And your family will be eating caviar in golden wrapping all night long baby,” said Grega sarcastically as Riri laughed and slapped Grega’s chest softly.  And Grega felt the best he ever had in his whole life.
     Then in walked Rea Woo and Gamgo Lurt with a silver and mahogany foldout table.  They set the table down in front of Grega and then Rea took off his navy blue silken backpack and smiled at Grega. And Rea and Gamgo bowed to him, while Grega was a little taken aback and wished they hadn’t come in just then.  That way he could have made love to Riri again.    And he felt like punching Rea good and hard in the face for this and for the blows he took earlier, but he nodded and forced a grin.
     “Grega, I see you have found love with, Riri.  I can tell from each of your eyes.  I had hoped to find you like this and it fills me with joy because of it.  This man beside me is, Gamgo Lurt, our holy leader and great force of god.  I feel the two of you should spend much time speaking as it would benefit both of you.  Please embrace and start your friendship,” said Rea warmly and coyly as he knew that he was only buttering Grega up for what he was about to do.
     Gamgo Lurt stands 5’7” and weighs 193 pounds of solid muscle.  With wide square powerful shoulders and back, as well as huge biceps and square knuckles on his large hands.  His right forearm is the same size as his bicep and can deliver the,” Skull shatter,” punch as it is called as he has killed 50 men and one woman with it.  He has a large bulbous arching nose with the words,” Deliver me glory of now,” written in a small circle on one side of his nose in tiny red letters.  And on the other side it reads,” wrath is a virtue,” written in the shape of a tiny triangle.  He has the Bluts bluish skin, but one of his eyes glows emerald green and the other red.  He has a dark blue, emerald green, and yellow dragon eating a dozen men design silk kimono on.    And he has on a pair of black leather biker boots with the phrase,” I plan on killing your ass even after we’re dead.  So feel free to die anytime,” burned into the leather on his right boot.  He has a white canvas bag in his hands as well.
     “Hi, Grega, Rea, tells me you have a crazy heart.  Is this true?” asked Gamgo slyly as he shakes Grega’s hand and catches Grega only slightly off guard.    And Grega smiles strongly and shakes his hand quickly.  And he thinks what a fuckin’ asshole Gamgo is for saying that to him and he outta punch him hard in the mouth for that slight.
     “No more than the next guy.  How ‘bout you, you got yourself a crazy heart or just stir crazy?” asked Grega jokingly as he grinned and Gamgo nodded and said nothing.  This caused Grega to want to punch him even harder and push him down a flight of stairs he felt so embarrassed in front of Riri.   Riri could see that Gamgo had gotten the best of Grega and she calmly wrapped her arms around him and pulled him into his throne.
     “O.K., Grega, since you are one of us, why not become one of us?  Go ahead and give me your arm please and do not fight.    I’ll never hurt you again as long as I live, o.k.,” asked Rea as he pulled out a long red and green gun filled with Aquasid.  And it has a trio of needles and a small flame inside and he walks over to Grega who is not sure what to think.
     Aquasid is a liquid made from dead Bluts DNA that has the ability to turn a regular person into a Blut by reconfiguring their individual DNA.  Then their skin becomes bluish and their eyes glow red for the rest of their lives.  For the first 2 weeks they have almost living dreams where they can’t tell what’s real and what isn’t.  This causes them to be fearful of sleep at first, but soon they start to look forward to it.  They also find their taste buds have become more sensitive and every food tastes more flavorful.  And their sexual appetites become ravenous and they can’t get enough.  Their muscle mass and their quick tissue muscle fibers also double giving them unbelievable athletic abilities.
     Grega looks at Rea and knows he means business.    Then he looks at Riri and she nodded and then Grega said calmly,” Alright, I’m up for anything.  The more the merrier I say jab me.”
     Then Rea smiles as Grega offers him his left arm.   And Rea jabs the Aquasid into his arm in a rapid motion.  Then Grega starts slowly turning his head from side to side and letting out groans.  This as thoughts raced thru his head from when Bob Gilly punched him in the mouth for no reason.  To the time Amy Appledu kissed his penis and then blew on it for 15 minutes because she didn’t know how to give a blowjob.   Then Grega jumped up and let out a howl like a wolf and raced around the room.  Then suddenly his eyes started glowing red and he blinked at lightning speed.  And he was scared by the light so close to his eye as it felt like that to him.
     “I don’t know what this is, but I fuckin’ like it and how.  Woo, baby this is hot, hot, hot,” said Grega excitedly as he ran around the room.  And then in a flash the bluish tint shot out from his injected arm and raced across his chest and down his stomach.
     Then the bluish tint shot up to his face and down to his legs.  Grega started jumping up and down and dancing like a gypsy, as he smiled from ear to ear and everyone laughed hysterically.  Then Grega did a twisting flip and Rea laughed at him, while Riri thought it was sexy.
     “Are you gonna dance forever my sweet, Grega man?” asked Riri as she laughed and Grega started doing pushups where he threw his body 3 feet off the ground with each pushup.  And he continued laughing while he thought he’d never felt so alive.  
     “Love of my life, I’m gonna be dancin’ for the rest of my life.  If that’s what it takes to make you happy.  Or until you come over here and give me a big smooch on the lips.  What do you say?” asked Grega playfully as he threw himself straight up to a standing position and started doing a funky one legged dance.
     Riri ran over to him and jumped up into his arms as she giggled.  Then they began kissing and everyone laughed.
     Meanwhile Pat, Amo, Den, and Rosemary were speeding over to the Friends Again club as they were all terrified for Grega.  They were all sitting in the command center.
     “O.K. look, all is not lost, Grega, will be found and brought home in one piece.  You have to remember he’s a survivor and he has gotten out of tougher jams.  Can somebody say something, I’m tired of the silence?” asked Pat anxiously as he flew the ship thru a dozen statues of Rasvor Mowort.  And they stood over 100 stories high and were all different colors and showed his muscle bound physique.
     Rasvor Mowort is the theorist behind the Torntemp project, which was an experiment that used a super DNA steroid as well as brain cell cleanser that was said to prolong life and increase I.Q.   The experiment took 20,000 people including Rasvor and they were injected with the combined DNA from a bull and a gorilla.   As well as a serum into a hole in the skull that is made up of whale sperm and complex microorganisms.  Within a week all the test subjects had a 45 point I.Q. increase as well as being able to continuously lift weights without ever getting tired.  This caused them to have an uncontrollable euphoric feeling all day long.
     “Jesus, Pat, we fucked up.  Grega’s dead already and we just might as well accept that we killed him.  We goaded him into going and you god dam know it!” said Amo sharply as she shook her head and sat back while covering her eyes with her hands.  And she missed Grega and knew he was dead and she felt guilty for killing him.    Meanwhile Pat knew she was blaming him for it, because she really blamed herself so he didn’t mind.
     “Amo, I never killed anyone or anything in my life.  Grega, and his huge ego threw him into Yayat and I won’t feel bad when it was his fault.  I miss my friend, but I won’t take the blame for his fucking bullshit!” shouted Pat as he glared out the window and shook his head while everyone looked at him in shock.    Den smoked a joint and shrugged his shoulders as he knew Pat wasn’t to blame.             
     “We know, Pat, we know.  We’ll do what we can and that will have to be enough,” said Den warmly as they neared the back entrance to the Friends Again club.  And Pat pulled hard right and flew into the massive hangar bay for emergencies only.
     It has 15 large personal hangar bays that each sit in the hollowed out shell of a 700 foot high animal statue.    This with Pat pulling into the lion shaped one that has 3 levels with a deck on the top.   The deck has 8 tan leather deck chairs and a tan and green beanbag couch, as well as a holographic TV projector in the center of the room.  There are also food dispensers that have everything from picked purple grapes in red plastic bottles, to a hot plate of bean and cheese burritos.  The middle level is black and red and has a series of alcoholic beverages and mild stimulants to ease whatever crisis you are experiencing.  And they are inside a glass refrigerator shaped like a brown bear on its hind legs.  There is also a pair of beds that have black silk sheets and lion shaped pillows, as well as red blankets.  On the walls are holographic pictures the Doramocs had filmed of our first moon landing.  As that signaled their first interest in us and showed Neil Armstrong rubbing his ass.  The bottom level has a pair of hot tubs on either side lit up by holographic red and purple bubbles filled with babies faces.   As well as a massive archway into the building that has the words,” Men don’t write the history books, we’re too busy making history.  We’ll leave it to the nerds,” written around the door opening in bold yellow and orange letters.
     Pat landed the Reseo and everyone made their way outside where they were met by Jaramie Bone in a tan cotton suit and glowing blue sunglasses, with his hair spiked up and wavy.
     “Jaramie, we’re in a bit of some serious shit.  A friend of ours named Grega has been either killed or taken by the Bluts.  We don’t have any idea how to get him back or even get into their fortress of a city,” said Pat in exasperation as he started to sweat and then put his hand to his forehead and looked at Jaramie with concern.    Jaramie grimaced because he knew what a murderous lot the Bluts were and that it was going to be a major undertaking to get Grega out.
     “Let’s head upstairs and have a sit down and talk about this.  Boy that is some terrible news, Pat, follow me up,” said Jaramie calmly as he didn’t want to scare Pat, but he knew it was bad.    Amo could feel Jaramie’s concern by his body language and knew it was worse than he was letting on.
     Then they walked up the spiral red carpeted staircase in the Lion’s leg of the statue up to the 3rd level.  No one said a word as they walked, which spoke volumes to Den who was close to snapping.  Rosemary plopped down on the beanbag couch and let out a sigh.   Den and everyone grabbed a deck chair surrounding the holographic TV.
     “Is there hope, Jaramie, or are we being completely foolish to think that there is?” asked Amo in a concerned voice as she feared there was nothing that could be done and she fought back tears.    This while Den was glaring at the ground and punching his palm.
     “Well, quite frankly there are not a lot of worse situations for Grega to find himself in, but we have the kind of personnel to stage an insertion.  I can get you 15 ex-navy seals and we can send ‘em in to do damage to the Bluts.  More importantly if your friend is still alive then we can get him out.  That said, how exactly did he end up in Yayat in the first place, was he duped?” asked Jaramie intently as everyone looked at each other nervously as they knew they had goaded him to do it.
     “He just wanted to do a scout mission to see if it was safe, ah…actually that’s not right we goaded him into doing it.  I wanted to see him choke on his giant ego, and now my friend could be dead or dying.  I’m not proud of this, Jaramie,” said Pat tearfully as he leaned forward and looked at a grimacing Jaramie.  This while everyone looked down at the ground as they felt ashamed at what they’d done.
     “Pat, I’ve seen worse things done to people than this.  So I wouldn’t let it wreck you for long.  What I was going to tell you before you told me this, was that a Friends Again member has to be with the insertion team to coordinate the attack.  They also have to be the one to call the shots.  That person was going to be me, but in light of what you’ve told me, and how important this is to you, I think it should be you, Pat.  Thus is your friend, go and get him back alive!” said Jaramie boldly and coyly as he secretly wanted to avoid having to go on the mission because he was the club president and hoped Pat hadn’t read the club handbook.    This way it made it seem like it was Pat’s responsibility to avoid dying in Yayat.   Pat quickly dropped his jaw and was in shock that he had to go and wondered if Jaramie was trying something.
     “You should go, Pat, Grega needs you.  And well, I’d appreciate it because a friend needs a friend,” said Den coyly as he wanted Pat to go because he was pissed Pat wasn’t the one to go in the first place.  This while Pat’s eyes grew wide when Den said this and Pat started to think he was going to die like Grega did.  And his thoughts raced as he tried to think of a way to shirk his responsibility and he thought fuck Grega I didn’t even like him anyway.
     “I don’t know if I can do it.  Quite frankly I have no training for combat missions.  Jaramie, you’re better suited for something like this, don’t ya think?” asked Pat warmly and coyly as he prayed Jaramie would go on the mission.    As Pat knew that he would be killed if he did.  Jaramie instantly felt panic because he knew what a shit storm Yayat was and that he could easily die if he went.
     “I don’t, honestly know one person is better suited for something like this.  Don’t worry, Pat, you can handle this easily.  Christ many members have had indiscretions like this, and pulled thru without a seconds pause.  Why don’t I go ahead and get your team members here for ya, o.k.?” asked Jaramie warmly and coyly as he hoped Pat would relent and not notice how heavy he was breathing.
     “Ah, I guess I mean that’s fine.  I just would have thought the club president would have been the one to handle things like this,” said Pat coyly as his eyes welled up and he looked intently at Jaramie.  And Jaramie looked back at him wide eyed knowing Pat was playing dirty pool.
     “Normally I would, but I can tell your friend means a lot to you.  So you’re going and you’ll thank me one day,” said Jaramie coyly in a stern voice as he put his finger to his cranial input above his temple and then said sternly,” I need our best navy seals to meet me at the Lion’s head immediately!  And I want the crow’s belly at the emergency hangar bay, and right now, Larry!”
     “We appreciate this, Jaramie, it does matter to us that you’d help.  I want to give you a hug,” said Rosemary apologetically as she stood up and walked up to Jaramie and gave him a soft hug and a kiss on the lips.    Meanwhile Pat thought boy am I fucked this is really happening.    Jaramie looked at Rosemary a minute and realized he was getting an erection.  And he looked down at his half hard penis and made a facial gesture like it wasn’t bad.  And then Rosemary grabbed it and giggled.
     “Alright, Pat, I need a moment with you before you go,” said Amo as she stood up and Pat followed.   And they walked down to the far end of the deck 60 feet away from everyone and then Amo said in a concerned voice,” Pat, don’t do anything heroic for Grega’s sake.  If you’re, in danger run for your life.  The cemetery’s filled with heroes, but the truly brave die of old age.  I can’t go on without…I won’t.”
     Then Pat put his arms around Amo as she sobbed.  And he knew his life would soon be in jeopardy.
     “Amo, queen of everything good, I’m not gonna die for Grega’s stupidity.  And that said, these legs were made for running.  And that’s just what they’ll do.  One of these days these legs are gonna run on home to you.  And these aren’t soft baby’s legs, no man sized legs that can kick and plummet and break.  Does that put your mind at ease?” asked Pat sarcastically as he grinned and Amo grinned at him and hit his chest softly.
     “I know you’re not an idiot.  Alright, Pat, I’ll save your piece of humble pie and crow spaghetti for when you get back.  Just like you like it, dusty and spit covered,” said Amo sarcastically as she pinched Pat’s sides and he let out a yell while over came Jaramie.
     “It’s time to go, Pat, this is a time sensitive matter.  The Crow’s Belly is here, look” said Jaramie calmly as he pointed to the Crow’s Belly ship that is shaped like a square ram.  
     It has the light brown horns of a Ram that are 100 feet high.    And it has the body of the dark green and red swirl design ship that is tilted like a metal toolbox.  There are 2 purple orbs floating out to the sides of it give it the ability to knock out electrical devices and even cloak the ship for short periods of time.  It also has a 20 foot fist shaped laser machine gun that can fire over 2,000 rounds in 2 seconds and is yellow and black.  There are Yipis on top of it and they are crow shaped drone ships that can be controlled from the command center.  And they are equipped with 450 kiloton bombs and invisibility rays that can look thru any wall that isn’t led.  And they can do this as long as they are pointed at them and the information is relayed back to the command center in real time.  There are 2 hangar bays on the left side where the escape Harley Davidson 5900 anti-gravity motorcycles can launch from in a moment’s notice.  There are dozens of tinted yellow and green windows along the front and sides of the ship.   And there are some that are escape pods that will drop over the side and inflate balloons around them.  And this gives you the ability to bounce and land safely on the ground.
     Pat and his 15 Navy Seals were in their emerald green and orange Forgu Buttero design on the front and back of the uniforms.  And it showed Forgu glaring into the sun and they entered the ship.
     Forgu Buttero was the last American general to launch a military campaign against the Doramocs.  He did this with a ragtag group of 55 ordinary soldiers and a badly ravaged Navy battleship.  And he stole the battleship from the Doramoc stronghold in Florida only a month after the Doramocs had taken over.  Forgu then proceeded to fire off the ship’s shell canons into a host of Doramoc battleships in the nearby sky.   He hit 4 and was rewarded for his efforts by getting blown to pieces by a star canon.  And the star canon could make a ray of 50,000 degree fire with ease.  And it turned Forgu and his troops to ash, but not before one of them escaped by jumping overboard.
     Inside the command center there are 15 individual gunner’s moveable emerald green and blue stations.  And each can rifle thru any part of the outside the Crow’s Belly and use appropriate weaponry.  The gunner’s stations are aimed in towards a round ball that is 20 feet in diameter and can hold holographic images and computer screens.  Around the outside of the room are floating large and small statues of Friends Again members who’d successfully completed combat missions.  And it included a 10 foot one of Jaramie sitting in a throne smoking a pipe, with actual marijuana and opium smoke being pumped into the room from the statue.  The floors have the words,” When I find my Kelly, kind and unrelenting.  That’s when I’ll find you, deep in your stew, unaware that a real man ever existed.  That’s when I’ll smile a good long while, and remember the times you resisted, bitch.”   As well as the words,” Try out a laugh when life needs crying.  A hug when a blow is how it feels.  If you want to know how god reacts and inhabits the space around him.  This is the only way, and you should have known it all along,” written in gold leaf and burgundy letters around the floor.
     “Everyone take a seat and let’s get to the entry point.  Remember this man’s my friend and to be cautious when any white man draws near.  That said force will be required and you do what you have to do, to keep me safe,” said Pat sternly and jokingly as the Navy Seals laughed and took their seats.   Pat took a look out at Amo and wondered if he’d ever see her again and just then she waved.
     “When we arrive, Pat, I’ll be your second in command, as well as at your side in case anything goes awry.  Now, your friend’s name is Grega, if he is nonresponsive to that what should we call him?” asked Captain Irgam Shoult warmly in a stern voice as he sat back and checked his seatbelt.
     Irgam Shoult has hair of gold that goes to his shoulders with a noticeable shine.  His eyes are crystal blue and very warm, as well as his nose is very large and almost perfectly straight.  He has large stern lips and is unmistakably handsome with tan skin.  He stands 6’3” and weighs 249 pounds of chiseled muscle and is of Italian decent as well as Latino.  He has on the same uniform as the other Seals with black boots and only the words,” Withstand hell and know the glory of an unrelenting fist,” sewn onto his chest in red letters with an eagle and saber behind the letters.       
     “Dead, Grega never called himself any nicknames, Irgam.  If you just remember how I told you he looked.  And be prepared to see this person in the flesh, you’ll be fine,” said Pat sternly as he flew the Crow’s Belly up and out of the hangar.  And he let out a loud sigh as it dawned on him he could see his friend again and he could be dead.  And he knew how that would devastate Rosemary and everyone.
     “We’ll find this Grega, Pat, I have no doubt of this.  The only question is the cost.  The Bluts you see are well conditioned warriors who smoke a lot of opium.  This causes their pain threshold to be a lot higher and makes fighting them a large task.  That doesn’t mean it can’t be done, just aim for the eyes and catch ‘em by surprise.  Don’t worry about a thing,” said Irgam slyly and reassuringly as he opened a Bud Light plastic bottle and then started drinking it.    Pat just nodded and grimaced as he drove thru an intersection of black floating Rhino statues.
     Meanwhile at Yayat Rea, Riri, and Gamgo had a party set up for Grega.  This while they put him in formal Samurai dress inside The Hall of Mirrored things as it is called.  And it is on 112th floor and is half inside and half outside.  The outside area is a 150 yard long field and garden that has statues made of different grasses, flowers, and rare green and purple bushes.  And they even have one of Rea as well as Gamgo perched atop a gentle sloping green grass hill.  There is also a pair of coy ponds set up with brown leather recliners around them that have dragons worked into the leather.  There is Opium smoke coming out of various vents in the grass to keep everyone as happy as could be.  There are also several plush couches set onto tiny hills that have holographic TV’s in front of them.  And they also have the ability to play video games.  There are holographic multi-colored glowing birds flying and walking around outside, that the Bluts used to calm their inner minds.
     Inside the room it has dozens of mirror covered furniture that includes a gargoyle and vampire shaped bed and couch respectively.  And they sit at opposite sides of the room.  There is also a wall covered in golden mirrors on the right and left with stained glass doors cut into them that are oval shaped.  And they have the words,” I’m not your sister, she’s the one pulling the cart,” as well as on the other door,” why would I cry, I’m only an onion salesman who’s wife up and left.  No I think I’ll just chop some onions and be done with it,” written in and around the images of Chinese soldiers.  There is also a triangular refrigerator in the center of the room filled with Natural Light, hamburgers, and deserts, with a microwave on the side of it.
     Grega is out in the garden as Riri puts on his clue Samurai helmet and giggles, because Grega looks just like one of them.
     “What’s so funny, did I, wet myself without knowing it?  Because I do that a lot I should just warn ya,” asked Grega sarcastically as he grinned and Riri laughed.    Meanwhile Rea and Gamgo sat on a couch on the side of a hill eating egg pies and laughing at Grega boisterously.
     “No my love, I am only laughing because of how much you look like one of us now.  And as far as I can tell you are still dry,” said Riri jokingly then Grega laughed as did Riri.   And Grega breathes in another breath of the opium and smiles as he knows he feels great.
     “Well I don’t have to be.  I could start peein’ right now and have this garden really growing before you could say fertilizer,” said Grega jokingly as he grinned.  And Riri straightened out his chest protector and laughed.
     Then Riri kissed Grega and walked him over to Rea and Gamgo as he grabbed her butt.
     “Grega man, you are the best looking warrior alive.  And you’re all mine.  Are you excited for the ceremony?” asked Riri playfully as she rubbed Grega’s crotch and he laughed and gave her a stern look.  He did this while he thought about fucking her after the ceremony.
     “I’m excited for you, my Asian flower.  We are gonna do things, you have never seen.  I’m talkin’ wild and rough.  Just like you like it hmm,” said Grega sternly as he grabbed Riri’s ass and then they kissed and Rea and Gamgo clapped.
     “Grega, are you having the time of your life?  Because these are the days,” asked Rea brightly as Grega looked over at him and grinned and knew he was.
     “Rea, no one is having more fun or a better life than I am.  Or quite frankly Blutkind is.  If my sucker friends knew what else the world had to offer, they’d be here right now.  I want to thank, Rea, and you, Gamgo, and of course my, Riri, for taking me in and showing me my destiny.  Thank you sincerely,” said Grega warmly as he bowed to Rea and Gamgo and smiled at Riri who smiled back.  And Riri  thought how great Grega was.
     “I am glad to hear this.  It is god who throws people together.  It is only we, who think it was our choosing.  Why don’t we go in and see what the future holds for you, Grega man,” said Rea slyly and coyly as he knew that Grega was going to be branded and tattooed on his back and forearm at the ceremony.  As well as he’d have to fight a Blut to be considered one of them and Rea wasn’t going to tell Grega until it was too late.   Meanwhile Grega was thinking it’s be a large party with beer, food, and drugs.  And they’d sing songs and dance and then maybe have strippers so he was overjoyed as he grinned at Riri.
     Then they started walking in and Grega kissed Riri and laughed and then Grega yelled,” I feel fucking great!”
     “You make me feel great, Grega man!  I want Grega babies to dig me a flower garden!” yelled Riri as they walked thru the Hall of Mirrored Things and towards the stained glass door on the left.
     They walked up to the door and Gamgo opened it and Grega walked in.   And Grega and saw a vast hall that has white marble elephant shaped pillars, with emerald eyes and golden saddles every 20 feet for the whole 5,000 feet.  There are also thousands of red marble dragons with large dark brown cushioned couches cut into them in a circle around a sunken tan cushioned pit.  There are a million Bluts sitting around the pit both young and old.  And they have on elaborate masks of ancient warriors and beasts covering their faces, as well as brightly colored ceremonial robes on their bodies.  There are monkeys handing out candy and beef sticks from the host of Blut chefs set up around the room.  The ceiling is only open air two rows back from the pit.   And into the center of the pit a gentle fog is filling the people’s eyes closest to the pit.  There is also the smell of opium in the room and a holographic green dragon is prowling the pit to entertain the audience.  This is happening while a trio of guitar players and pianists play jovial high energy music.  There is also a host of flowers shipped over from mainland China that are of every color you would want, and they are in and around everyone.  There is also a holographic red rock and sunset canyon off to the right of the pit.  And it has a trio of blue Samurai as well as a tattoo artist standing there in a white robe and skull mask.
     “What do you think, Grega man, does this look like a good place to be reborn?” asked Riri warmly as they waded thru the crowd.  And the crowd instantly moved smoothly to either side as they approached and then quickly back to where they were as Grega passed.    And Grega’s eyes lit up at the sight of it all.
     “It’s the only place, wow we are gonna have some fun.  Why don’t we grab a seat my lovely, Riri?” asked Grega happily as he looked around and Riri shook her head no.   Grega asked anxiously,” we’re not gonna stand the whole time I hope?”
     “This way, Grega man, there is much to learn,” said Rea coyly as he took Grega’s arm.  And Riri smiled at Grega and sat down on a couch in front of the pit.    Grega let out a sigh and started to worry as he looked around at all the stolid faces.  And then Grega saw the 3 Samurai and the tattoo artist and his tools and he knew he was fucked.  
     “I thought you weren’t ever gonna hurt me again, Rea?” asked Grega nervously as he walked with Rea and looked at him.  And Rea glared back at him and continued into the pit.  Rea had no sympathy for Grega because all Bluts had gone thru the same ordeal.
     “This is the ways of our world, Grega.  They will not bend or change because you are skittish!  You will receive a tattoo that embodies our belief.  And you will be branded a Blut with a red hot branding iron!  Then you will fight a Samurai until one of you is bloodied and broken!  This is what we all went thru, Grega, no exceptions!  Now give him your arm!” said Rea fiercely as he glared at Grega who was looking around the room for a way out.  And Grega hated body art and had no desire to be branded, but there was no way out, as the Bluts were everywhere he looked.
    “Fine, fuck it I guess I’m just gonna have to go thru another truck load of embarrassment.  Just another day for Grega and another group of bastard friends to deal with,” said Grega sternly as he pulled up his sleeve and the tattoo artist quickly grabbed Grega’s wrist and started tattooing the words,” Together is what we were born.  Forever is what we’ll share.  Destruction is what we’ll bring, if to one of our kind is death you bring.  And while the sun fills fields with life, we are the air and you’re sharing our life.  Blut now Blut in terror,” in a circle with a half dragon half lion creature in the center,  as Grega winced as he’d never felt so suckered in all his whole life.
     Grega looked over at Riri and she smoked an opium pipe and she nodded to him and mouthed the words,” It’s o.k. my love.”
     “The first part has concluded.  Now you will get the mark of Blut and be only one more to go before your Abahi,” said Rea happily as he was impressed that Grega hadn’t cried or teared up during the tattoo as many Blut had.    Meanwhile Grega looked down at his tattoo and thought it looked cool, but now he was just like all those freaks he hated to see on the side of the road in the cities all covered in tattoos.  And Grega scowled at the tattoo artist, but then he realized Rea had said something about an Abahi and he started to panic.
     “What the fuck is an Abahi?” asked Grega sharply but Rea only grinned.  And two of the Samurai walked over to Grega and grabbed hold of each of his arms and Grega shouted,” Hey what the fuck, I’ll do it don’t force me!”
     Abahi is the inaugural first kill of a man or woman Blut after the ceremony’s end.  It involves finding a person from your past who’s wronged you, and putting them to death by physically beating them to death.  The Bluts feel it’s important to have the total confidence and satisfaction of such a thing to move forward as a member.
     Then the pants of Grega’s Samurai suit were pulled down and the tattoo artist brought the red hot branding iron over to Grega who couldn’t see it.    
     “Hey what are you doing back there for fuck’s sake?!  It had better be quick or I’m gonna lose it!” shouted Grega angrily as he tried to get away, but realized there was no way.   And he stopped fighting it then the branding iron burned the words,” Try escaping the world.  Then you’ll realize the futility of struggle, we’re everywhere,” and the picture of a globe filled with people holding swords onto Grega’s right butt cheek.  And Grega fought back a scream and then Grega said fiercely,” I’m gonna fuckin’ kill somebody for that!  Are you done motherfucker?” asked Grega sharply as they pulled up his pants.   And the Samurai then let go of his arms and hurried out of the pit.  With the tattoo artist staying and being given a long black rubber bat.   Then Grega was given the same bat Rea had first hit him with.
     “It’s time to become a man.  That man over there is the one who desecrated your flesh.  He is the object of your hatred, Grega!  Let him feel your vengeance and know your wrath!” thundered Rea as he shook Grega.  And Grega looked at Rea as Grega had his Samurai suit removed leaving only an emerald green and red lightning bolt design shirt and skin tight pants.  And Grega’s feet were bare and sweaty with pain in his butt.     The tattoo artist removed all of his armor, but left on the skull mask and his name was Pucu.
    Grega looked at Pucu fiercely and wanted to do serious damage to him.  Then Grega raced at Pucu and rained down a blow with his bat hitting Pucu across his mouth.  This sent Pucu reeling backwards and the crowd cheered loudly.  Then the two combatants were doused in a blue powder and a Swirlkin fan turned on in the floor.   And it caused a mini tornado to rise up and create a blue swirl around the two men.  This caused Grega to pause only momentarily and allow Pucu to get to his feet.  This as a deluge of holographic pandas filled the pit and the Bluts cheered.
     “All the tricks in the world aren’t gonna save your ass!  C’mere!” shouted Grega then he darted at Pucu and grabbed him by the shirt and bashed him in the mask.  And it shattered on impact revealing a woman’s face, but Grega thought it was a trick.
     Then Grega got hit in the eye by Pucu’s bat and he saw a flash of light and fell backwards.  This infuriated Grega and he started glaring at Pucu.  Then Grega shot at her with an unbridled anger and bashed her in the throat with his bat.  This caused her to clutch her throat and gasp for air.  Grega rained down blow after blow hitting her in the nose, eye, and forehead and knocking her unconscious.  Then Grega jumped on top of her and started repeatedly punching her.  This as blood splattered up in the air, but just then he was pulled off by a dozen Samurai.  Even thou he continued fighting tooth and nail.
     “I’ll fucking kill you for what you did to me!  Let me go you bastards!” shouted Grega before he was given mild sedation.  And Rea and Gamgo hurried over to Pucu’s side and started checking her out with a Blut doctor named Putton.
     Putton checked all her vital signs and determined she was fine except for a concussion and a chipped tooth and some large cuts and bruises.    Meanwhile Grega was cleaned off by a trio of women that included Riri.  And they wiped off the blue powder and put his Samurai suit back on as Grega looked at Pucu in shock at what he had done.
     “Is he alright, Riri?” asked Grega calmly as he breathed heavily and Riri put her hands on his cheeks and kissed him.
     “She is alright, Grega, this is our way.  Now you get to be enshrined in the Blut civilization.  Just wait ‘til you see what happens next, hmm hmm,” said Riri happily as she grinned mischievously at Grega.  And he wasn’t exactly thrilled with any more surprises and grimaced at the thought of it.   This as he looked over at Rea who was smiling and walking towards him and Grega’s heart sank.
     “Grega man, welcome to the Yayat brotherhood.  You are now a Blu…,” said Rea before he looked up and saw Pat in the Crow’s Belly circling above.  And he wasn’t sure what it was and Rea thought it could be the police.
     Then Pat and the Navy Seals used the escape pods in the windows and a pair of Harley Davidson 5900’s to ride down thru the hole in the ceiling and into the room.   This created chaos as the Bluts started running for cover, but there was hardly any room to move.    This caused them to trample one another in the shock of it.   Pat drove down in on one of the Harleys and started frantically looking for Grega.  Grega meanwhile was still groggy from the sedative he’d been given and wasn’t sure what was happening.    Grega just grimaced and looked at the Seals calmly.  Pat raced around the room and saw a Blut reaching for his leg so he kicked him square in the nose and broke it in two pieces.
     “God dam it where are you!” said Pat sternly as he raced around, but then he realized because they were all so similar he might have to yell because they could have Grega in disguise.  Then he turned the Harley to the left and stopped and shouted,” Grega, Grega, where are you!  Grega, where are you can you see me!”
     “Come with me, Grega, hurry!” pleaded Riri as she tugged on Grega’s arm and he felt he should stand for a second because he was woozy.  Then he grabbed her hand and shook his head no.
     “I can’t take it, Grega, where the fuck are you, Grega?!” screamed Pat frantically as he rode slowly above the heads of the Bluts.   And Grega started to perk up as he thought he heard something.   And the fresh air was waking Grega up.  And then Pat was about to give up so he screamed at the top of his lungs,” GREGA, GREGA, GREGA, MY BROTHER, GREGA, where are you, GREGA!!!”
     Then Grega recognized the voice and his eyes darted around the room and he said softly,” My Patty, where is my Patty?  Where’s my Pat?” asked Grega softly as he teared up and looked at all the Navy Seals.  This while Pat trolled away from him on the Harley, but then stopped and turned and Grega saw Pat’s face 40 yards away and Grega yelled,” Patty, Pat, I’m over here, Pat!  I’m right over here!” yelled Grega as he started running clumsily towards Pat and waving his arms as he cried tears of joy.  And just then Pat turned and saw him and Pat’s eyes opened wide and he started speeding towards Grega as the Bluts cleared the room.
     Rea saw that Pat was heading for Grega.  And this caused him to start fighting his way thru the crowd to get to Grega first.  That way none of their secrets would be known, with the intention of killing Grega.  Pat raced up over one of the marble elephants and was weeping as he neared Grega and saw the bad shape he was in.
     “Oh my god, Grega, what did they do to you?” asked Pat tearfully as he rode up next to Grega who instantly embraced Pat and started sobbing.   This while Rea was nearing Pat and Grega and had pulled out a long silver and red knife.
     Rea was just about to get to Pat and Grega and stab Grega when Pat saw him and held onto Grega with one hand and hit the accelerator with his foot.  The Harley shot forward away from Rea, but Pat could barely hold onto Grega.
     “I need you to climb on, Grega!  It’s not safe yet!” shouted Pat as he tried to fly away with Grega barely in his grasp.  And Grega grinned vacantly up at him and thought Pat was an angel.
     “I can’t, Pat, I’m too weak.  Just do your best for me, Patty,” said Grega softly and drunkenly as he stared up at Pat.  And Pat didn’t know what to think, as he looked and saw Rea about to hurl his knife at Grega.    Pat pulled back on the steering wheel and floored it, while he held Grega around his back.
     Then Rea threw the knife, but it barely missed Grega’s head because he leaned forward at the last second.  And it sailed into Putton hitting him in the back of the head and killing him.
     “Just a bit farther, Grega, and we’ll be safe, hold on for me,” said Pat softly and tearfully as he held onto Grega for dear life.  Then they flew up thru the hole in the ceiling and towards the Crow’s Belly. This while Grega thought he was in a dream as the sun was starting to set and he kept looking warmly at Pat with tears in his eyes.
     Pat rode into the hangar bay on the Crow’s Belly and skidded to a stop as he let go of Grega and Grega landed softly on the floor.  Then Pat jumped off the Harley and raced over to Grega and said sternly,” We need to get out of here, Grega, and I mean now!  Can you walk?” asked Pat as he looked at Grega who reached out and hugged him tightly and Pat fought back tears.
     “You saved me, Pat, you saved me.  I was put thru hell in there.  But my, Patty, saved me again,” said Grega softly and tearfully as he clutched Pat.  And then 8 of the Navy Seals including Irgam rode in startling Pat and Grega with Grega looking at them wide eyed and screaming,” don’t take me back!  Don’t let ‘em, Pat, please!”
     “It’s alright, it’s alright, Grega, these are our friends now,” said Pat reassuringly as he hugged Grega and then said firmly,” get us out of here, Irgam, the rest of the Seals will have to fend for themselves I’m sorry.”
     “They’re already dead, Pat.  I’ll get us out of here in 30 seconds, maybe 10,” said Irgam then he raced to the command center.    Meanwhile Rea and Gamgo were getting their surface to air missile launchers ready to blow the Crow’s Belly out of the sky and protect their Blut secrets.
     “Thanks, Irgam, are you alright, Grega?  Are you hurt at all?” asked Pat in a concerned voice as he looked down at Grega’s bluish skin and glowing vacant red eyes and wished the old Grega was looking up at him.  Even thou he didn’t want to scare Grega about the way he looked.    Pat didn’t let on that Grega’s appearance was that bad.   This while Grega grinned up at Pat and nodded softly as he felt so good he couldn’t say it in words.
     “I’m in heaven, Pat, heaven now.  I feel a bit drowsy and would like to lie down, but not yet.  I want to thank you, Pat, this is more than any person ever did for me.  They scared me, Pat, I have tattoos and a scar on my ass, but I don’t care right now, because I’m free.  I want to see, Den, Amo, and Rosemary, I miss ‘em,” said Grega tearfully as he looked up at Pat who had it just then dawn on him that they’d be just as shocked at seeing Grega if not more.  And it told Pat it might hurt Grega’s feelings tremendously.
     “We’ll see ‘em, buddy, and we’ll see ‘em real soon.  Let’s get ya into bed and get you something to eat.  Don’t worry about those scars, everybody has ‘em,” said Pat coyly as he knew it was gonna bother Grega once he reflected on what had happened and cause him to be furious.   Meanwhile he helped Grega up to his feet and the Crow’s Belly started to move forward.  Just as Rea raced to the opening in the ceiling and aimed his missile at the ship.  But as he did Irgam hit full acceleration and the Crow’s Belly took off before he could get a clean shot.
     Then Pat brought Grega into a guest bedroom and he fell asleep within a minute of lying down.  Pat looked at Grega as he put another blanket over him and wished he could have not goaded him into going, but was thankful to have his friend back.  And Pat saw it as another grim reminder of how terrible people could be.
     Rea and Gamgo sat in black chairs in front of the Blut congregation and then Rea said loudly,” We were violated today and betrayed by one of our own.  We took, Grega, into our home and showed him our ways, but he spit in our faces!  We will not allow this destruction of our way of life to go any further.  When, Grega, or any of his friends, who we have pictures of in our security cameras memory banks, are seen in New York or the surrounding areas, they will be killed on sight with no reservations or hesitation.  We are a race of warriors and the pure of heart and mind have many times been corrupted, but not again, and not by one of own.  Riri, I’d like you to tell us where Grega is from, where he lived, and anything you know about him and write it all down.  Then we’ll go find our new friend and cut his pretty blue balls off, as well as his head, o.k.,” said Rea calmly as he grinned confidently and uncrossed his legs.  This while everyone laughed and Riri was handed a notebook and black pen.  And she started writing down all the information Grega had told her.
     “Do you think he’ll flee town before we can catch him, Rea?” asked Gamgo intently as he sucked on an opium pipe and scratched his chin.    Rea smiled to himself as he was thinking of the moment he’d kill Grega and end his betrayal of the Bluts.
     “I hope so, there just aren’t that many Bluts out there in the world, it would make him easy to find.  With skin like ours his only way to survive is here, but that’s no longer an option,” said Rea coldly as he laughed and Gamgo looked at him quizzically and wasn’t sure if he’d gone mad.
     “What are you laughing at, Rea?” asked Gamgo as he looked at Rea who only grinned back at him and pointed to Riri.  And she handed him Grega’s wallet.
     “I have who he is, where he lives, and everywhere he’s been right here.  Finding him is the least of our worries,” said Rea as he opened Grega’s wallet and started looking for his license and Social security card and he found both and chuckled.
    “What is?” asked Gamgo happily as he folded his arms and sat back.   Meanwhile Riri laughed as well as she knew Grega would be found easily.
     “Spending his money of course.  His bank account numbers are in here as well.  Oh what a fool this Grega is, so careless and soon to be bait,” said Rea snidely then he started laughing a belly laugh while Riri and Gamgo looked on and smiled.
     Meanwhile on the Crow’s Belly they were racing across town and using the expressway heading for the Friends Again club.  Pat was sitting in the command center looking out the window as he kept thinking about how wrecked Grega was.  And Pat knew his ego would never be able to handle his new appearance.  He started to worry Amo would lose it if she saw him.
     “Pat, we’re at the emergency entrance to the Friends Again club do you want to wake your friend?” asked Irgam timidly as he looked over at Pat who slowly looked over at him.
     “Grega, his name is Grega and we should just let him slee…actually let me think about this.  I’ll go check in on him and see how he’s doing,” said Pat as he stood up and started out of the room.
     Then he went into the darkened bedroom where Grega was and saw his glowing red eyes and was startled for a brief moment.   Then he slowly brought up the lights in the room by turning a dial beside the doorway.  And he could see Grega sound asleep with a smile on his face as he was breathing deeply.  Then Pat grinned and slowly turned the lights back off.  And then he walked back out to the command center as the Crow’s Belly was landing in the Lion’s head bay.     
     Rosemary, Den, Amo, and Jaramie were waiting anxiously on the top level as the ship pulled in.  as they sat on the couch and Den sat in a recliner.
     “They’re back, let’s go see how it worked out,” said Jaramie calmly as he stood up as did Den, Amo, and Rosemary.  And they walked to the railing to see Pat and the Seals just coming out of the Crow’s Belly.  This while Rosemary could tell by Pat’s demeanor something had happened and she swallowed hard.
     “Is he alright, Pat, is he alive, what?” asked Rosemary anxiously as Pat walked up the stairs.  And she began ringing her hands as Den was nervous.
     “We got him, he’s alive and in one piece, but he’s been thru a lot and has sustained some permanent injuries,” said Pat coyly as he didn’t know how to broach the subject and tell them the truth.  This as he walked over and sat down in a chair as everyone stood in front of him.
     “What sort of injuries, not brain damage?” asked Den angrily as he eyed Pat who was looking at Den and grimacing at what he had to say about Grega.
     Then Grega yelled,” Hey, Rosemary, Den, I’m safe look!”
     Then Rosemary and everyone’s eyes darted to the Crow’s Belly.  And they saw a smiling Grega waving to them and Rosemary’s jaw dropped as she felt sick to her stomach.
     “I’m going to kill those Bluts.  Every last one,” said Den angrily as he clenched his fist and Rosemary waved nervously to Grega.  This while he ran up the stairs and Jaramie looked at Pat and grimaced.  And Jaramie nodded as he knew what had happened. 
     “Hey, Grega, my love of all loves!  How are you?” asked Amo coyly as she hugged Grega and fought back tears as she felt responsible.    Meanwhile Grega was overjoyed to see her and his friends and he smiled as wide as he could.    This while everyone rushed over and gave him a group hug.
     “I’m so happy now I can’t tell you.  I was in the belly of the beast.  And now I’m home.  I love you all so much,” said Grega warmly as he sobbed and hugged everyone tightly.    And then Grega said softly,” I’m sorry about my appearance, but those fucker Bluts drugged me and forced me to do things I never would have done.”
     “You don’t have to worry, Grega, you look handsome as ever.  Don’t worry about your looks you have a beautiful soul,” said Rosemary warmly as she wiped the tears from Grega’s face.  And Grega knew she was just trying to make him feel better, while Amo felt incredibly guilty.
     “It’s alright everyone, I’ll get used to it.  Boy I’d love to sit down and get a steak if that’s possible?” asked Grega coyly as he just hoped to change the subject, but was a little hungry.
     “You got it, Grega, I’ll have a steak and whipped sweet potatoes and country gravy up here in 10 minutes.  And the chairs are over there.  We’ll take care of ya, don’t worry,” said Jaramie warmly as he nodded and then hurried down the stairs.  And Grega walked over and sat down on the beanbag couch and let out a sigh.
     “Jesus fucking Christ that was a fucking ordeal.  Those fucking Bluts and all their bullshit initiation rituals nearly killed me.  Christ it’s a wonder that any of them are alive.  For one thing I have some Blut words of wisdom on my forearm.  And that makes me look like one of those problem kids who live under bridges.  Then there’s the fucking branding iron to the ass that I haven’t seen yet, but I know isn’t good.  Jesus, I go over to their floating fucking refugee camp, or liquid Harlem, and find the natives aren’t only restless!   It’s join us and enjoy incredible embarrassment in doing so, or we’ll fucking gut you.  Man, how are we doin’ on the steak?” asked Grega jokingly in a stern voice as everyone laughed as they were thankful he was at least in part his old self.
     “That steak is comin’, we just needed to cook the Blut extra crispy how you like it,” said Den sarcastically as he laughed and Grega did too.     This happened while everyone smiled at Grega as he put his hands behind his head and grinned.
     “Dam straight, which reminds me I really don’t think those pig fuckers should get away with what they did.  I’ve decided just now that I’m gonna use every cent I have to burn that Blut fuckin’ floating garbage can until it’s like, Den, said, good and crispy.  When we get back from Boston and help out Rocka, I’m gonna set up a plan.  Which reminds me I left my wallet on liquid Harlem, I’m gonna have to freeze those accounts and do it before we go to the Bamram,” said Grega thoughtfully as he looked at his hands and thought the bluish tint wasn’t so bad.  And then he looked up and saw everyone looking at him and he asked,” what?”
     “You still want to go to Boston?” asked Amo in disbelief as she rubbed Pat’s shoulders and Grega grinned.
     “Yeah, fuck yeah I’ve been looking forward to that trip.  Shit I haven’t been to Beantown in awhile I can’t wait,” said Grega happily as everyone grinned at him and he rubbed his own belly and thought to himself fuck it I want to have some fun you only live once.
     “And the Bamram, but you don’t have to go, Grega, that was more my thing than anything.  I mean, are you ready?” asked Rosemary in a concerned voice as she tried not to offend Grega as he grinned and shrugged his shoulders.  And he knew what she was implying that his looks might make him self-conscious, while she secretly was dying to go.
     “Rosemary, I’m fuckin’ dyin’ to blow off some steam.  And this blue skin isn’t gonna stop me for a second.  The question is does anyone have their cell phone so I can freeze my accounts?” asked Grega happily as he knew that he was finally free and wanted to party.
     “I’ve got one, here ya go, Grega,” said Pat as he handed Grega a red and black Apple Rex holographic phone.  And Grega started texting his bank to freeze the accounts and 3 minutes later he had them frozen.  And all his money was moved to a new set of accounts.  Meanwhile everyone sat quietly and watched him.          
     “Alright, that’s taken care of.  My banker actually said someone tried to liquidate my accounts, but I was saved because I had a contract that stated I would do all such account closings in person, which is nice.  They did take out 1.5 million thou.  Who cares I’m so rich it doesn’t matter!” said Grega boldly as he laughed and everyone except for Jaramie did as well.  And Jaramie was setting down Grega’s meal and didn’t laugh and instead looked nervously at Grega who looked back at him quizzically.
     “Grega, what was in that wallet of yours?  Because if I heard you right they are already attempting revenge against you,” asked Jaramie sternly as he sat down.  And Grega started to realize that all of his personal information was in his wallet.
     “You mean they know where I live?” asked Grega nervously as he sat forward and looked at his steak.
     “Worse than that, they’re most likely trying to find you.  And the Bluts are a vicious race of people who hold revenge in high esteem.  They will kill you, Grega, when they find you.  And if they tried to empty your bank accounts, it’s because they’re doing just that.  I don’t mean to scare you after what you’ve been thru, but we may need to give you an adequate disguise.  I’ve got plenty of clothes you can wear to cover most of your skin.  As well as a few hats and skin tight cloth sunglasses that look completely natural,” said Jaramie firmly as he looked at a slightly nervous Grega.  And he watched Grega eat slowly and he knew he was hiding his real feelings about what had happened.
     “I’d really appreciate that, Jaramie.  How soon can you get me those?  And also if it’s possible I’ll take as many shirts, pants, whatever you can spare, because there’s no way I can shop.  And, I’ll need a full wardrobe, which I’ll gladly pay you handsomely for,” asked Grega calmly and warmly as he ate and then swallowed.  And he started nodding with satisfaction as he loved the steak, but also didn’t care about the Bluts, because he wasn’t going live in fear.
     “I’ve got a week’s worth of clothes here at the club that should fit you as we look to have the same cut of our jib.  And don’t worry about payment, Grega, because quite frankly I’m rich.  So why don’t you finish up your meal there and we’ll take a walk over to my suite?  The rest of you are welcome to come.  Or you can watch a movie here.  We’ve got a wide selection, do you like Tom Cruise or Marlon Brando?  One could act I assure you,” asked Jaramie slyly as he grinned at everyone.  And they just looked at him like he was crazy and he chuckled to himself.
     “I could go for a movie, but where’s the remote?” asked Amo coyly as she didn’t want Grega to know she wanted to talk about him when he left.   This while Grega finished off the last of his potatoes and stood up and walked over to Jaramie.
     “It’s right here, it was stuck in my chair.  Well I’m up for a movie as well.  Hurry back you two we’ve only got an hour ‘til Bamram,” said Rosemary happily as she started going thru all the holographic movies.  And Grega and Jaramie smiled and started to leave.
     “We’ll see ya, thanks everybody for being my friends.  I mean it you saved my life,” said Grega warmly as he started hugging Pat and then hugged everyone else quickly.  This made them feel good and him even better that his ordeal was over.
     “You don’t have to thank us for that.  Not now not ever.  We’re gonna have a great time tonight, Grega, be sure of that,” said Pat warmly as he patted Grega on the back.  And Grega nodded and he and Jaramie started down the stairs.
     “O.K. I’ve got a movie here that looks good called, Pencil death.  Are there any objections?” asked Rosemary happily as she looked at everyone and no one said no and she started the movie.  
     The movie started off with a beautiful blonde haired woman in a red spandex cat suit sitting with one leg draped over the side of a chair.  She was writing feverously with holographic ink, which was a blue and green 10 inch long pen that sent the signals to a computer and the three dimensional living story came to life as you wrote it.  Her name was Plasty Lamy and she is 6’3” and very curvaceous.
     As she wrote a surly 800 pound bearded man named Yer chopped open a massive gargoyle as it tried to kill him, with a large white meat clever.   He did this as he said calmly,” You strayed a bit too far from your comfort zone eh.  A bit too brave with our plan of attack?  Happens to me a bit more often than I’d like.  But not today, a day you’ll soon forget ‘cause you’ll be good and dead.  Why don’t we have a nice gargoyle stew is what I’ve been saying to the misses all this time.  And now here you are.”
     Then Yer lopped off the gargoyle’s head and it landed in a golden pot of hot water.    Plasty said softly as she held the pent to her temple,” Too realistic or too vague?  I think I see a number 5 in the corner of the room, so it’s too realistic!  I’ll have it fall down the stairs!” said Plasty excitedly then she rewound the scene.  And she had the head room down the stairs and Yer raced down the stairs after it and said coldly,” Thought you’d escape, but I’ve got pies to make.  I’ll catch you yet and we’ll have a time!”   Then the man fell face first down the stairs and into the gargoyle’s head and he couldn’t get it off.    Then he shook his head from side to side frantically.
     Rosemary and everyone laughed loudly at this and then Amo asked calmly,” I have to know if we’re all o.k. with what happened?  Because I am fucking freaked out by today, and I don’t know if I’ll ever be the same.”
     “I’m freaked out by it, but I just want Grega to be happy.  With all he just went thru and all he’s gonna have to deal with.   I say if he never wants to talk about this again as long as he lives then I’m totally fine with it.  Look I get it that he’s acting like it’s no big deal, but if acting that way eventually makes him feel that way.  Then I’ll be overjoyed, he’s Grega people he’s tough underneath,” said Rosemary firmly as she looked at everyone and they all nodded and Amo sat back and knew she was right.
     “That’s true, I once saw Grega bike 6 miles to the hospital after splitting his leg open without asking for help.  Alright then, we’ll just do whatever he needs us to and that means no jokes unless he makes fun of his skin or eyes first.  Because if you had seen the shape he was in when I got there, it ripped my heart out of my chest for god’s sake,” said Pat emotionally as he looked at Amo and she instantly reached over and hugged him.  This while everyone else grimaced and were just thankful as Pat to have Grega back.
     Meanwhile in the movie Yer was racing thru his village with the gargoyle head still on and randomly chopping off people’s limbs and heads.  This while Plasty laughed and got aroused.  Then Yer shouted,” I was a sinner now I am my sin!  If you drew close an oath will end in your honor motherfuckers!”
     Then Yer fell down a well and landed on a red felt poker table in a secret room below.  This caused stacks of money and playing cards to fly in every direction, as 6 men in monk’s robes and blue sunglasses sat around the table and started shouting at Yer.  Yer in turn started swinging his meat clever and slicing thru the men one after another.
     “This is so sick!  What kind of movie is this anyway?” asked Den happily as he laughed as did everyone else.  Meanwhile Rosemary slapped her leg with the remote and chuckled.
     “This is the kind I like.  Look at him chopping their heads, it’s ridiculous!” said Rosemary boisterously as Yer flung his clever wildly.  As Yer fell off the poker table and started running thru a wine cellar slicing into barrels of wine.
     “This is great writing, way to go Plasty,” said Plasty happily as she continued writing with a smile on her face.  And then Yer fell onto a dumbwaiter and shot down 35 stories slicing wildly as he fell.  This to only to come to an abrupt stop outside in front of a beer refinery in a heap.  And there were dozens of homeless men and women drunk and passed out next to the front gate to it.
     “If he goes into that beer factory swinging that clever I’m gonna lose it,” said Amo happily as Yer started running aimlessly towards the beer refinery.  As he was still swinging his clever and only barely missing a homeless man’s head as he passed.  This caused the man’s eyes to bug out and then he took a swig from his beer, but there was only half of a can.
     Then Yer ran awkwardly into the beer refinery and fell end over end into a vat of beer.  And as he was under the beer he swung his clever and burst a hole in the vat.  This caused Yer to be sucked thru the hole and between a woman’s legs, as Amo and everyone laughed.
     “This is my type of film.  Smart, but not too smart.  You gotta half expect that gargoyle head to fly off at some point soon.  I just hope he doesn’t cut himself in half,” said Den happily as he eyed Yer.  And just then the gargoyle head fell off and Den burst out laughing as did everyone else.  And Grega walked up in his new clothes.
     Grega has on a tan silk suit with a blue and white long sleeve shirt, as well as a pair of dark brown leather penny loafers.  And a black belt with golden belt buckle that has the words,” I didn’t ask to be perfect, it was ma,” written in emeralds and diamonds.  He also has on navy blue and silver cloth sunglasses that are wrapped snugly around his head and hide his eyes and ears completely.  He also has on orange and a green derby hat and a purple scarf.  This way he can’t see his bluish skin, as well as a pair of flesh colored gloves that you couldn’t tell he had on.
     “This looks like a good movie.  Who picked this one?” asked Grega as he watched Yer floating thru the beer factory on a river of beer as he sang,” We danced without legs.  And we spoke without teeth.  But how could we see true love grow without eyes.  I love ya babe, biblically!”
     Everyone laughed and then Rosemary looked over at Grega and almost didn’t recognize him, but thought he looked handsome.
     “Grega, you look good!  Those are the coolest threads I’ve ever seen,” said Rosemary excitedly as she smiled at Grega and he rubbed his sleeves and grinned as everyone looked over at him.
     “Thanks, I think these will work out really well.  They’re a lot more comfortable than you’d think.  How do you like these cloth sunglasses?” asked Grega happily as he flexed his right bicep and rubbed his sunglasses as everyone laughed at how cute he was being.  This while Amo felt a panic attack coming on because she knew she was partly responsible for Grega having to wear all that.  And Pat was looking at Grega and feeling a similar responsibility and covering his mouth as his lip started trembling.
     “They look cool as hell, Grega.  Can you see clearly out of them?” asked Den intently as a slight grin came across his face.  Meanwhile Grega pretended to be blind and Den laughed as he hoped the old Grega was back.
     “Yeah, yeah I see fine.  If anything I see better than normal.  Ya see those Blut fuckers gave me some shot that literally enhances all of my senses and even gives me amazing athletic ability.  Watch this!” said Grega gleefully then he did a one handed handstand and laughed as everyone looked at him in shock.
     “That’s unbelievable, Grega, you’ve never done gymnastys as long as I’ve known you.  How strong are you?” asked Pat excitedly as he stood up and Grega threw himself into a standing position and laughed.
     “I’ll show ya, anyone got a quarter?” asked Grega calmly then Jaramie handed him one.  And Grega started bending it like a ball of clay and he squeezed it into a ball and asked coyly,” anyone want to play a game of football or arm wrestle?”
     “No fucking way, keep the quarter.  That was insane, remind me not to mess with you ever again, whoa,” said Den in disbelief as Grega gently tossed him the crushed quarter and everyone laughed.
     “So what do you say, should we head over to the Bamram?” asked Grega happily as he grinned and could see how taken aback everyone was with his strength.   And he knew they’d never mess with him physically.   Meanwhile Pat was thinking he knew he had no chance in a fight with Grega now, so he’d have to be very careful with what he said to him.
     “Let’s hit it, I’m dyin’ to get over there.  I still can’t get over new super Grega.  Should we fly over on your back or take your Reseo?” asked Rosemary sarcastically as she tickled Grega and everyone smiled.   This while Grega laughed and felt really confident because it hadn’t dawned on him that his new abilities could be so cool. 
     “I don’t think you’d all fit, but I’m willing to give it a try.  Let’s go, pile on,” said Grega sarcastically as Rosemary climbed on his back and he didn’t even flinch.  And Grega did a slow circle and then put his arms up and said,” let’s go hop in the Reseo and grab the night sky by the cajones.  Good and hard.”
     Then everyone laughed and started for the Reseo.  Once they were there they all got situated in the command center and Grega started to fly across town to the Esseric cluster.   Once they got close they could see the 54 Esseric skyscrapers set in a concentric circle around a massive statue of Muras and Pauco Esseric.  And it doubled as the family home and showed the 2 of them with their arms outstretched with each of them made from red and green marble.  And they were filled with thousands of different sized windows.  The other buildings in the cluster resembled each of the other members of the family.  And they had lives of note and were made from different colored marble, gold, and platinum with large multi-colored tents on the roof of each that are in the shape of a mushroom.  There are thousands of small and large ships going in and out of all the buildings as it is always some sort of party being put on and of course there was the Bamram every so often.   The Bamram is held in the Muras and Pauco building and there is a series of holographic animals with words floating in their eyes that said,” Bamram this way, Las Vegas try going straight down at full speed, it’s quicker.”    As well as one that said,” Bamram believers this way, idiots who only read the front jackets of books try turning left then left again,” with the words being bright white and 3 dimensional.
     “This is so cool.  Are you excited, Rosemary?” asked Grega warmly as Rosemary sat beside him on the right and Amo, Pat, Jaramie, and Den on the left.    As they were throwing back Natural lights and checking out all the buildings and holograms.
     “I’m more excited to have you back.  You’re a special person, Grega.  Everybody knows it,” said Rosemary warmly as she kissed his cheek and Grega continued flying the Reseo thru the holograms and appreciated her gesture.  Then he hugged her with his free hand and then Rosemary said excitedly,” I couldn’t be more excited.  Look at this spectacle.  What, no neon Pandas?  My bitches want Pandas or it’s soup with your heads!” said Rosemary sarcastically as she raised one hand like she was holding a staff.  And Grega laughed as he felt a bit of withdrawal symptoms from all the opium the Bluts had given him causing some pain in his back.
     “Ah, my back’s starting to ache me a little.  I think those Bluts did a real number on me.  Ya know I need me a couple of Natys.  Can we make that happen co-pilot, Rosemary?” asked Grega half jokingly and slowly as he actually did need the beers.  This while Rosemary reached over and grabbed two Natural Lights and handed them to him.  And Grega said sarcastically,” thank you, Rosemary, you get me, mainly Natural Lights, but who, I mean me is counting?”
     Rosemary laughed and rolled her eyes and Grega popped open his beers and took a long drink.
     “Hey look at that fucking thing over there,” said Rosemary in disbelief as she pointed to a bear hologram that was made of flames and towering over 30 stories.  And it was grabbing holographic people off of the buildings nearest to the Muras building and eating them whole.  This caused puffs of green smoke to come out of its butt.
     Grega looked at this and his eyes bulged out and he and everyone started laughing.
     “Man can you believe this?  I have a feelin’ we’re in for imminent surprises of notey,” said Den as he tried to seem smart and everyone fought back laughter because they knew what he was doing.
     “We will find trepidation as the terrors encroachy upon our undies.  Then we’ll expound loudly large farts of historic proportions,” said Pat jokingly as he mimicked Den’s voice and gestures.  And everyone but Den laughed as he could only grin and bear it and drink his beer.
     “Hey look what’s around our ship now,” said Grega excitedly as a glowing light blue holographic worm enveloped the Reseo.  This as the Bamram was checking each ship for their ticket.
     Then the worm turned lime green and the words,” Your ticket accepted.  Follow the red and purple Panda to your security level 15 personal hangar bay.   And remember if you’re a downer, you’re bringing us down.  So get your shit together you basket case,” floating up out of the worm’s belly.  And  everyone in the group read it and everyone laughed when they read it.  Then a giant 45 foot Panda appeared and started running towards the Muras building roof.
     “Oh that was hilarious.  Weren’t you just saying something about some fucking Panda your bitches needed?  This is unbelievable karma coming our way,” asked Grega happily and coyly as he knew she had mentioned the Panda and was playing dumb as Rosemary laughed.  This while Grega steered after the Panda.
     “You’re right it’s what people might call, instant reality.  Or what I’d call, too much turd, not enough paper.  Or shit covered hand for you,” said Rosemary jokingly as she sniffed her hand and Grega shook his head no and then laughed.  Meanwhile Pat and Amo were thinking how white trash Rosemary was with that joke and Amo rolled her eyes.
     Then the giant Panda flew up towards the tent on top of the Muras building.  And as it did the front side of the tent swung open and a holographic 70 foot silver robot with green eyes leapt at the Reseo.  And it blanketed it in a wall of silver light scaring everyone, but Pat was not hit.
     “Now what?” asked Grega as he had to fly blind, but a few seconds later the robot shouted,” Your sanity will be a casualty of our meeting.  Remember it as a hindrance of your success, because it never will be again.”
     “That is the absolute trippiest thing yet,” said Pat in disbelief as the robot leapt from the Reseo and plummeted to the ground below.  Where when it hit a sonic boom could be heard and a yellow ring shot up and past the Reseo.  And this startled Amo and Jaramie causing Amo to clutch a smiling Pat and he kissed her forehead.  This while Grega drank his Natural Lights as he tried to fight off the withdrawal symptoms that were now really aching his back.
     Den let out a yell as the Reseo drove into the tent and saw 2 dozen butlers and personal servants in red flowing robes and silver tinted round sunglasses.  And they all stood at different stations around the hangar bay.  And that included a medication bed where you got proper treatment to withstand the rigors of life.  This as well as a living room with a holographic TV set up in the middle of a circular light brown leather couch.  And this is where you got your confidentiality briefing with the Esseric lawyers.
     There are also different colored video games set up that you are encouraged to play to win prizes and gain access to different parts of the cluster.  And they are a closely kept secret and include the half chess half racing game called Bhess.  This is where when you have to work your way thru a holographic maze and at different stations you are asked to play a chess move.  And with each move if you are lucky, you could win Rascup clearance.
     The Rascup clearance is an infrared key that as you walk past different secret passageways, a door will open and a staircase in the floor will appear.  And you can get extravagant gifts or chunks of hidden knowledge.
     The Reseo landed and a team of five butlers raced over and put down a thick red carpet that led out of the Reseo, and over to the lawyers and then the video games.  Everyone made their way out of the Reseo and up to them walked Marg Patts, the Esseric family’s personal attorney.
     Marg Patts has red wavy shortly trimmed hair, as well as a thick red curly goatee.  His eyes are happy looking and golden in color.  He stands with narrow shoulders and a round chest.  He has square looking long and wide fingers with the words,” So what if I’m gassy.  I’m an oil well,” written in tiny circles on the tips of each of his fingers.   He has on a red flowing robe with a black shirt and pants underneath with the words,” I enjoy hurling my body at incredible speeds, I think you call it falling,” written on his right chest pocket in red silk.  He also has on black dress shoes and a gold necklace.
     “Hello to you all, and to all of you hello.  That’s butler slash lawyer humor and yes it’s never funny.  My name is Marg and your names are too hard to remember, so I won’t bother trying.  To be allowed to go even an inch into the Bamram you need to sign a confidentiality agreement.  This ensures you don’t let the cat out of the bag and ruin the experience for the other people who will come here.  If you do, then you will be sued for more money than you could ever earn, literally hundreds of dollars.  Imagine it children of the hash pipe.  Now go ahead and follow me over to the contract area, or leave like the whiny bitch you are,” said Marg jokingly in a stern voice as he headed for the living room followed by everyone as they laughed and thought Marg was cool.  
     The living room has the circular couch, but to add to it there are also a pair of gargoyle shaped chests filled with hundreds of euphoric drugs and bottles of ice cold beer.  And they are sitting next to each other, with each being 7 feet tall.  There is also a table filled with plates of various fried sandwiches as well as baked rolls covered in a buttery glaze.  And each has an American cheese and fried hamburger ball center.  There are also a pair of white massage tables on the right side up against the tan painting covered wall, that have one painting that depicts Marg running after a scared crying white and black herd of cows with the words,” I’m way past the bull, I want to grab the whole herd by the horns,” written beneath it.
     Then everyone sits down in the living room and are handed their burgundy electronic holographic contracts and each then takes a look.  The contract said things like,” If you break your neck, we’ll compensate your loved ones with one perfectly good neck in payment and that’s a promise,” as well as the words,” sure if you get bludgeoned we’ll feel terrible, but can you blames us if it was us who done it?  So go ahead and mind your soon to be dead manners.”
     “Ya know, I’m not a lawyer, but I played one on TV.  And I can see a really wise and totally insane person wrote this contract.  And I never get tired of laughing at crazies.  Which is why I’m signing mine in electronic bloody ink, it’s the cheesiest,” said Pat sarcastically as he grinned and everyone but Grega and Marg laughed.  Meanwhile Pat signed his contract and Grega looked at his and saw the words,” We retain the right to kill you if we get any backsass ,” and Grega grimaced and sighed.
     “Boy, this really is a fair legal instrument.  I’m worried I’ll get a shovel to the head shortly after signing it.  Maybe it’s just me, but can I live thru today without using a machine gun?” asked Grega sarcastically as he begrudgingly signed his contract and everyone broke out laughing, while they were glad his sense of humor was back.
     “O.K. then, you’re all signed so you’re all about to have amazing experiences and win untold wealth.  I would recommend you all play those video games over there, but I can’t tell you why.  At the very least try them.  I’ll see ya, hopefully in large vehicles and huge mansions, bye and buy me a sandwich,” said Marg jokingly as he stood up and hurried away while everyone looked at each other not sure what to do.
     “Let the journey begin.  I heard tell of video games and I’m not gonna be the last to try one, because there’s money involved,” said Pat slyly as he raced over to the nearest video game called Warriors of corruption.   And he grabbed the black and green sword and did a quick slice with it and instantly appeared a 9 foot tall horned yellow headed man who was covered in hair and a suit of armor called Gour. And he spit fire over Pat and then shrieked and Pat said boldly,” You will not defeat me you blow hard!”
     “Don’t be so sure you insolent rube!  I am Gour and you are soon to be dead!  Be ready or be dead!” thundered Gour as a glowing double bladed glowing white sword with racing skull people running the length of it was handed to him.
     “Pat, found a winner.  This will really be fun.  Let’s all play one!” yelled Grega as they watched Pat as Pat started swinging his sword at Gour ducked his first 3 lunges.  And Grega laughed at this and took a drink from his beer.  This while Rosemary, Den, Jaramie, and Amo raced over to the video games as quick as they could.  With Rosemary getting Bhess and her eyes lit up when she grabbed the jet pack and put it on.  This caused the anti-gravity thrusters to lift her off the ground.
     Then Rosemary started to fly thru a series of black orange lighted tunnels that went deep into the ground until she emerged in a giant cavern.  And then she plummeted into a green water stream and Rosemary shouted,” You can’t die from a game can you?!”
     Then she came out of the water and the whole cavern was filled with doors and men with the heads of wild boars.  And they had wooden spears in their hands.  Rosemary shot for one of the doors and had to duck 50 spears to get to it.  As each spear that hit her made her engine short out.  Then she blasted thru the door and emerged in a large glowing white island of crystal floating a hundred miles up in the air.   It had thousands of lime green one winged birds encircling it and a red skinned blonde haired man sitting on the edge of it fishing for something unseen below.
     “Oh Jesus what the fuck is this?  I can’t believe I’m stuck in this room.  Alright fine I’ll ask this jerk what he’s doing fishin’ for air,” said Rosemary sadly as she flew towards the man named Berse and as she drew near he started to laugh.
     “Hello there, gorgeous, are you here to help me fish?” asked Berse brightly as he smiled at Rosemary as she shrugged her shoulders and decided to sit down beside him.
     “Yeah, I’ll help ya fish.  What are we fishing for?” asked Rosemary happily as she looked at Berse who smiled and pointed down.
     “I believe I’ve caught it.  Help me bring it up,” said Berse brightly as he fought with something on the end of his line that was nearly pulling him over.    Rosemary grabbed hold of the holographic pole and the two of them fought tooth and nail to bring up the mystery item.
     “What the hell is down there, Berse?  It weighs a ton?” asked Rosemary as blue diamonds started shooting up at them and past their faces as Rosemary and Berse leaned back.
     Then a moose ran up the diamonds past Rosemary and Berse followed by a line of Volkswagen beetles and a gray haired naked man on a blue bicycle seat.  Then Rosemary started to laugh as a loud thunderous rock song started to play.  And a dozen babies eating pizza flew past in pink egg shells.
     “What’s down there is the future my, darling drop dead nearly gorgeous.  Keep pulling it’s almost here!” yelled Berse as he and Rosemary pulled the fishing pole from side to side.  And Rosemary laughed as a dozen skunks in leather jackets shot past her ear.
     Then a mahogany and gold 40 foot tall chest with a red head of Gibty Rollhom on the side of it and the words,” Teach me a melody of hope, and I’ll sing you a lifetime of praises,” written beneath his head in diamonds.
     Gibty Rollhom is the world renowned actor who starred in the self produced and directed film,” BY chance no chance,” that showed the life of a man who felt there is a secret organization following him around and sabotaging every part of his life for their own enjoyment.   They’d do things like have 30 cars set up on the streets around his house.  And then whichever direction he’d drive there’d be instant traffic causing him to try and hide his anger.  This made them laugh even harder because they knew what he was doing.   Then other times when he’d leave his home to go for a walk.  They’d put thin spider webs all along his usual route and he’d walk headlong into them and pretend not to be pissed.   They would even buy homes not only next to where he lived, but all of his family members and friends.  Then they’d try to worm into all of their lives in the hopes of getting rid of their pure heterosexual genes and creating an all homosexual world.  The movie is a huge success until several actors and regular people came forward to say that it wasn’t fiction, but actually happening to a writer who had mental illness and couldn’t believe that it was true.
     “O.K., what the fuck is that, Berse?  It looks wooden,” asked Rosemary in disbelief as she grinned and the chest hit the ground behind them making a thunderous sound.    And Rosemary spun around to see the walls of the chest flatten out and there sat a green security pass.  And Rosemary looked at it and asked happily,” o.k. now what do I do?”  
     Then out of the actual floor in the hangar bay rose the physical security pass and Berse said happily,” Put that in your pocket, and then just start walking thru any of the buildings, and good things will happen.  You’ve won, enjoy your new instant reality,” said Berse happily and then he disappeared.  And Rosemary grabbed the ticket and felt overjoyed, but wondered how her phrase she used earlier could come back again.    And she looked at the plastic ticket and it read,” we can only save you from death every time, the rest of the time is up to you,” along the front in a square. 
     “Oh Jesus Christ what just happened to me?” asked Rosemary as she was bursting at the seams with joy and she could only grin from ear to ear and clutch the ticket.
     Then over walked Pat and Den with black discs and green sunglasses and Pat asked happily,” Did you win, because, Den, and I won houses on the Hudson and a new Ferrari flying luxury apartment?”
     “What, you both won homes and all’s I got was a ticket.  Oh I am really, I don’t know what.  Where’s Grega, Amo, and Jaramie?” asked Rosemary sternly as she felt terrible she hadn’t won a house as Pat and Den were smiling,   Meanwhile Pat and Den were overjoyed and couldn’t wait to see their new digs.
     “They’re over there being handed prizes, it looks like.  Huh we all won,” said Pat as he looked at Amo as she had a large pink and blue diamond necklace being put around her neck.  And Grega was being handed a suitcase filled with a million in cash and 22 million dollars in bonds.  As well as Jaramie being handed a 43 million dollar Faberge white egg, with a huge smile on his face.
     Rosemary’s eyes bugged out at this and Rosemary, Pat, and Den started walking over to everyone else.  And she felt completely pissed off and sick to her stomach that she got such a bad gift.
     “This is not happening.  Am I asleep, Pat, I feel unwell?” asked Rosemary sadly as they walked up to everyone.  And Amo hugged Pat and then smiled from ear to ear.
     “We all won, Pat, as you can see.  How did you, Den, and Rosemary do with yours, spit or hit?” asked Amo as she smiled at everyone.  And then Pat showed her his Ferrari ship disc, as well as Den showing her his house on the Hudson.  And Rosemary cringed and looked down at her ticket and felt embarrassed and inadequate.
     “I only won a key to secret doorways, I hope, but it could be shit.  I mean it really could be a practical joke.  So, yeah I’m real happy for all of you,” said Rosemary anxiously as she held up her ticket and smiled awkwardly and then said sternly,” why can’t I ever get a break?  Just one dam break I’m a good person, why?” asked Rosemary as she paced back and forth and everyone looked at her and grimaced.
     “Maybe yours is also a great gift too.  Let’s go inside the building and see what it unlocks,” said Grega warmly and coyly as he wanted Rosemary to win something because they were friends, but also didn’t have the energy to make her happy after the day he’d had.  And he knew he’d say anything to keep her from pouting.
     “Yeah, Rosemary, we came here to make you happy.  So let’s find out what that’s a key to, alright?” asked Pat warmly as he put his arm around Rosemary and she nodded and started to believe she could win.
     “You know you’re right, I’m not giving up without a fight.  Let’s head inside and find my future, because my past is shit so screw it,” said Rosemary boldly then she kicked up her heels and started walking towards the entrance to the Muras building and everyone smiled.
     The entryway to the elevator had the words,” Too many people die needlessly in their cars.  We need more loaded guns it’s more polite,” written on the door and everyone smiled when they saw it as they entered the elevator.  Once everyone was inside Rosemary said sternly,” I’ll be happy with whatever I win, as long as it’s cars, houses, jewels, or cash.  Now let’s get to it,” said Rosemary firmly then she pressed the 21st floor button.  And as she did the floor in the elevator collapsed and everyone started falling straight down and screaming at the top of their lungs.
     They screamed as hard as they could as they all thought they were gonna die.  Grega thought his whole life leading up to now was a complete waste and god had fucked him again.  This while Amo thought she was getting what she deserved for all the pain she caused Grega.    And she would never see her sister Pegi again and she knew it would break her heart.
     “I’m not dying in here!” shouted Pat as they fell another 6 stories and he wished he’d never been so brutal to Scop Randolph.  Who was a boy he bullied in elementary school and knew it made Scop’s life harder than it should’ve been.
     They fell 85 stories as they screamed and screamed some more.   And then suddenly they felt a cushion of air beneath them that was pushing them up.   Then they were floating in mid-air as the air kept them there.  This happened while everyone didn’t know what to make of it as they slowly were lowering down.
     “Jesus, what the fuck is going on?!  I don’t want to die after all I’ve been thru for fuck’s sake!” said Grega angrily as he tried to balance himself with his hands.  And they all looked at each other in disbelief.
     “I really wish I hadn’t signed that waiver.  Do you realize they could kill us and get away with it after signing that?” asked Jaramie sadly as they started to fall again only very slowly.  And then a burst of air from the right shot them into a blue plastic tunnel.
     They started sliding down a slide at remarkable speed.  With them going left then right and then straight thru a series of Lion’s and Gorilla’s heads with smoke obstructing their view of what was ahead.  Then there are lights blinking around them as Grega yelled,” This is awesome, whoa!”
     “This is fucking great!” shouted Rosemary as they were flung up into the air and sailed for 50 feet.  And they landed softly in a large pit of chopped up multi-colored shirts and soft blue and green rubber balls that have the words,” To die is divine ask the undertaker,” written on them in golden colored letters.
     The pit is in front of a grandstand filled with Esseric family members and their friends.  And they are all dressed to the nines and sipping red wine.
     Everyone looked up and saw the people who instantly started clapping.  And then they started laughing.
     “Oh good trick.  That is a really good one.  And I thought I was past embarrassment uh,” said Grega timidly as a team of butlers waded into the pit and started helping everyone out.
     Then Pauco Esseric smiled and said boldly,” You thought we’d kill you, but we don’t have time to burn the bodies.  And fuck frankly we can’t stand your stink!  Dead or alive!  Why don’t you all stop looking so stupid and wear a pair of glasses?  That way people might think you read more than the label on a condom or the backside of a pig’s ass!  Later we’ll talk when you’re somebody, and that ain’t yet, cadaver thieves, ret ret roo!” said Pauco sharply and coyly as he was pretended to be a crazy person. And he kept bulging his eyes out and making lightning fast head motions.   This while Rosemary looked at him and thought he was hot as she dusted herself off and caught Pauco’s eye.
     Pauco Esseric stands 5’11” and is muscular and thin, with a triangular chest and square shoulders.  His hair is short on the sides and brown, but cobalt blue on the top.  And it is in a cascading Mohawk with tiny charms on the tips of his hair that spell out the words,” Be victory as it may, my birthright and my reality.”  He has sapphire serious eyes that rarely blink.  He has on a white vest with a dragon’s head on a man’s body sewn onto the front.  As well as a tan t-shirt with a Smurf having sex with a cupcake and the words,” Satisfy all your cravings at once,” written above the picture.  He also has on black jeans and red sketchers sneakers, as well as a brown rope necklace and green sunglasses with golden frames.
     “What makes you so great ya lunatic?  I’ve seen better faces on lunch.  And better bodies on dead and dying bodies.  You’ll never get a leg up on the one legged man at an ass kicking contest!  So don’t even try and cook me laundry,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she scowled at Pauco who laughed and thought she was cute.  Then he immediately walked right up to her and pointed to his teeth and smiled.
     “Who’s that talkin’ all that guff?  Who is it in my chicken coop eating ham sandwiches?” asked Pauco jokingly with the voice of an old southern man, as he tapped Rosemary’s shoulders and nodded.  Meanwhile everyone laughed and Rosemary grinned.
     “It’s me your two brain celled daughter, poor booty.  I can’t help it pa, you can’t make a pancake worth a shit, but I had to eat ‘em,” said Rosemary sarcastically and in a thick southern accent.  And she licked her teeth then pretended to spit.  And Pauco and everyone laughed causing Rosemary to curtsy and laugh.    This while Pauco was thinking how much he liked Rosemary and that he’d like to have sex with her.
     “I see, poor booty, if I had known such a thing had transpired I would have felt it an effrontery.  No daughter of mine will want for anything of note, when I have fields of diamond and gold.  No, poor booty, we will triumph over this like the great leaders of our world grabbed victory for us all!” said Pauco sarcastically in an overly smart voice as Rosemary grinned.  And everyone laughed and thought Pauco could be a friend to them.    Rosemary suddenly wanted to see him naked and give him a physical.
     “My name is Rosemary that’s, Den, Amo, Pat, Jaramie, and Grega and we are all close friends.  I’m hoping you have a real name, pa booty?” asked Rosemary slyly as she grinned at Pauco.  And he acted like a young school girl who’d just been asked out, as he looked down nervously and played with his hands as everyone laughed.
     “It’s Pauco, my momma thinks I’m the smartest boy in my grade,” said Pauco sarcastically in a little kid’s voice.  And then he stood straight up and said warmly,” you didn’t hear it from me, but if you go down that hallway over there to the left.   That ticket you’re holding will change your lives.    Seriously there are a lot of great things waiting for you down there.”
     “Really well, I like great things and I thank you for the heads up.  But how exactly do you know so much, Pauco, do you run the game?” asked Rosemary and then she realized who he was and said excitedly,” wait a minute, you’re the voice from the can and that gorgeous grinning mouth.  I thought I had heard that voice and knew that name.  So do you like own everything, you can tell me?” asked Rosemary warmly as she grinned at Pauco and he shook his head no.
     “Yes I do, but you haven’t much time and I don’t want you to miss all the things you could win.  So if I were you, ya know short and female, I’d run, literally run down that hallway.  Because there’s a ton of great shit just waiting for you all.  And you’ll be sorry if you don’t get it, run!” said Pauco sharply as he pointed down the arching black marble hallway.  And Rosemary knew he was serious and waved and everyone started running towards the hallway and laughing.
     “He was nice,” said Rosemary as she entered the black marble hallway that had no doors and phrases set in picture frames like,” Try beating the Grim Reaper at poker.  You’ll literally die trying.”    As well as the phrase,” don’t hustle me out of my money, I just stole it from you,” on either side of the hallway.
     And as Rosemary ran suddenly hidden doorways started springing open on either side of the hallway 8 in total.
     “Whoa let’s check these out, Rosemary,” said Grega in amazement as he looked in one with a large golden statue of a bear with emerald eyes.  And he wished he’d won the ticket instead of Rosemary as she looked in the one with the statue.
     “Yeah I think I will,” said Rosemary as she walked in the stark white room.  And as she got close to the statue she saw there was a golden sign in front of the statue that read,” Tell me what is 8 plus 9,” and Rosemary said nervously,” seventeen!”
     Then the room blinked red and a voice said excitedly,” You’ve just won the 10 million dollar statue in front of you as you were smarter than I at age 1 year!  A staff of butlers will bring it to your ship!  Enjoy yourself for fuck’s sake!”
     Then out of a secret doorway in the walls sprung a dozen women and one man in matching emerald green dress suits.  And they had on bright orange and red top hats, as well as round eyeglasses.  They hurried over to the statue and started carrying it out of the room and over to the Reseo.  Meanwhile Rosemary jumped up and down and pulled on Grega’s arm as she was ecstatic.
     “This is heaven!  Heaven, Grega, I love it!” yelled Rosemary as she pumped her fist and then it dawned on her she was a multi millionaire.  And she knew she still had other rooms to go into and she said nervously,” I am going to enjoy this day more than the best sex I ever had.”
     “Well let’s go try the other rooms, Rosemary.  I’m really pumped you’re rich now.  Quite frankly I was sick of buying you beers, and new ponies to ride, after drinking them.  Remember that Shetland you castrated because you veered into traffic?  Oh was that a great bit of horseplay,” asked Grega sarcastically as he leaned in on Rosemary.  And she was still thinking about winning all the money and didn’t laugh at his joke as they walked out into the hall.
     “Hey try this one over here, Rosemary, I think it’s filled with money,” said Pat in disbelief as he looked in a room filled with hundred dollar bills and gold coins piled up 7 feet in the air.   And there were many others covering the walls and a pair of couches.   And Pat had to laugh as he looked at all the money and Rosemary raced over to him.    
     Rosemary looked in and nearly fainted, but Den grabbed hold of her shoulders and held her up as he laughed and said slyly,” Don’t die yet for fuck’s sake, you need to live long enough to spend your money.”
     Then Rosemary ran into the room and down from the ceiling came a silver head of Pochan Revon and it said boldly,” Oh look at the crowd come to find a bit of money!  I say a fool finds fortune by selling dreams to other fools!  Let your curiosity kill your cat, minus waiting to dine on you!  That said you have won the 100 million dollars in large bills and antique gold coins so be rid of me forever!” shouted Pochan as the head exploded and rained even more hundred dollar bills down on everyone.  And then in ran the butlers to bag the money and bring it back to the Reseo.  This as Rosemary started sweating and had to sit down while everyone was smiling at her.
     Pochan Revon is a Doramoc prophet who wrote the book,” Devoured by faith,” in his early thirties that included the passage,” A wise youth means nothing to an adult world years ahead of your wisdom.  So when the power inside of you says speak honestly and share your feelings, do not.  For they already know them and are only hoping you’ll aid them in your own deception.  Remember the turtle’s slow pace, but resilient stubborn streak.  He’s the fastest of us all.”  Pochan was at odds with the Doramoc hierarchy because of his penchant for underage girls and large bottles of bourbon.  The bourbon caused him to humiliate himself in public by covering his body in peanut butter and shouting,” I’m in need of 50 tongues and 7 barrels of strawberry jelly!”  He once ate his rival’s dog for dinner, because he didn’t have the guts to ask him to stop dating his little sister.
     “Let’s keep going, Rosemary, there could be even better prizes in the next one.  Like ham spread and baked rolls, mmm rolls,” said Grega sarcastically as he grinned at Rosemary.  And she had never had anything this good ever happen to her and it was freaking her out, because she couldn’t hate the world anymore.  Meanwhile Amo started to feel better about the whole situation, because of all the good things that were happening for everyone.
     “This is really starting to be a great day, Pat, wouldn’t you say?” asked Amo as she pulled Pat’s hair out of his face and looked at him warmly and he nodded.
     “Amo, this could’ve been really bad and ruined all the days after it, but instead, barring any bad luck, may turn out to be good for us all in the long run.  It’s just nice to have friends,” said Pat thoughtfully as he eyed Amo and then kissed her.  And Pat knew he loved her more than any person he’d ever known.  This while she thought she couldn’t love Pat more than she did right in that moment.  And this caused Amo to smile at him and nod.
     “It really is,” said Amo happily as she looked at Rosemary smiling as the money was taken out of the room.
     Then Rosemary and everyone went back out into the hallway.  And Rosemary walked down to the next open door that was on the right and looked in.  It has book racks filled with thousands of emeralds made to look like books in the shape of a rollercoaster that weave around the large room.  And there is also a large giant fur covered man named Pu standing in the center of the room.  And he glared at Rosemary as she timidly walked in and nervously smiled.
     “I believe we’re in love young lady.  I know this by your odd chest and unsexy ass.  Even your nearly skunk like face does it for me.  Do you lay like a dead person during sex, because that and random punches to the sack are my turn on’s.  Well you skanky bitch, do you love my hairy ass?” asked Pu sarcastically as he awkwardly danced from one book shelf to the other.  And then he jumped up in the air and everyone laughed except for Rosemary.  And Rosemary glared at him and was pissed he tried to stick it to her.
     “Boy do I, I mean the fact that I can’t see under your full body pubic hair doesn’t take away from it getting me horny.  And that aroma, ya know north Kentucky ass, I can’t get enough of it.  Boy I’d kiss ya, but I can’t find your face.  Ya know who likes fur fuckers like you?  I do, that’s my turn on,” said Rosemary sarcastically then she did the hand jive and everyone was laughing hard.  And Pu looked nervous and not the least bit amused as he grimaced at Rosemary.
     “O.K. short and sassy, you want the beef stick that only I have.  Get in line, I got ho’s in different area codes.  That should tell you the power of my furry friend who will straighten you out quick,” said Pu sarcastically as he moved his head slowly back and forth and everyone laughed.  This while Grega thought he was a total tool and jerk for wearing that suit.
     “Yeah, how’d ya know I had a thing for Sasquatch?  I can’t get enough of your armpit musk.  Alright go ahead and take off your sweater and we’ll party down,” said Rosemary sarcastically as she grinned and everyone laughed loudly.  And Pu just smiled and thought she was a really funny person.
     “O.K. enough already here’s the deal.  If you can find the emerald book titled, My fortune.    Then all of these emeralds are yours, but you only have a minute to do it starting right, now,” said Pu slyly as he grinned and Rosemary took a look around the room.  And then she started frantically reading the titles on every book in sight.
     “Can my friends help me?” asked Rosemary frantically as she darted from book to book as everyone watched and got worried she was losing it.
     “They may, but I’d hurry,” said Pu sternly as he eyed the red clock on the far wall and smiled.  Then everyone started reading titles on all the different book shelves.
     Then suddenly the song,” The kids are alright,” by the band The Who started to play.  And everyone looked at each other and smiled as they weren’t sure what it meant.
     “I’ve got it!  My fortune it’s in my hand!  Does she have to hold it?” asked Grega as Rosemary ran over to him.  And she grabbed it out of his hand and nearly dropped it and broke it.  And as she touched it the roof opened up and down came a mass of chicken feathers.  This was followed by 10 butlers in blue t-shirt as well as white jeans and anti-gravity jet packs.
     “You won, you now have over 1 billion dollars in emeralds to be shared by every person who helped you look for the book!” said Pu boldly as everyone was wiping the chicken feathers from their faces and then they burst out cheering.
     “Are you kidding me?  We’re all rich and I’m lactose intolerant!  God dam I feel great!” said Jaramie excitedly as he jumped up in the air and laughed hysterically.  This while everyone looked at him and thought he was actually losing his mind.  And they couldn’t completely enjoy the moment because of it.
     “I had brownies in my cereal!  I suck on used tube socks for entertainment!  I shout crazy things when I’m excited!” yelled Grega sarcastically as he mocked Jaramie and everyone laughed.  Meanwhile Jaramie felt really embarrassed.  This while Pat and Amo grabbed a handful of the emerald books and looked at each other in shock.  And they knew they’d be set for life even if they spent their money hand over fist.
     “Amo, Jesus Christ I’m making a pledge right now to do all the things I ever wanted to do and I want you to help me.  I mean, I’ve got some wild ideas I hope that doesn’t scare you off?” asked Pat slyly as he grinned at Amo.  And she grinned and rubbed his cheek.    Grega saw this and was pissed off it wasn’t him instead of that fucker Pat getting kissed he thought to himself.   This as Pat poked Amo’s breast softly.
     “Hey, what kind of thing is that to do to my booby?  I don’t appreciate the titty poke.  My girls only play with boys who play nice,” said Amo playfully as she grinned mischievously at Pat and grabbed his balls.  And then she said playfully in a stern voice,” let’s see how you like it you little rascal.”
     “Careful, I need those to balance out my strides.  You still haven’t committed to all my future shenanigans.  Where do you stand on felonies?” asked Pat slyly and sarcastically as he kissed Amo’s lips and cheeks and she chuckled.   This while Grega thought he hoped Amo felt bad about all the things that had happened to him and that she was partly at fault and he knew it.
     “Let’s worry about your lawlessness when the gavel falls.  And not until, hmm,” said Amo slyly as she pretended to put handcuffs on Pat and he laughed.  This happened as emeralds were being taken out of the room and back to the Reseo by the butlers.
     “Hey, let’s see what else we can win, there’s still time.  C’mon everybody,” said Den as he eyed the emeralds and let out a sigh.  He did this because his dream of being a racecar driver was finally getting close and he was absolutely giddy.     Rosemary was sweating profusely as she still couldn’t believe anything good had ever happened to her and it was overwhelming to say the least.
     Then everyone went out into the hall led by Den and Rosemary.  And they came to the next door on the right and walked in.  It has a series of tunnels set up around the room that are lit by candles.   The walls of the tunnels are brown Earth and have signs set up along their walls that say things like,” The brave would be the only thing to survive my bullet,” as well as,” costly mistakes are paid for with borrowed time.”   And they are placed every so often down the gently descending tunnels with thick green grass floors.
     “O.K. doesn’t look too inviting.  I have a feeling there aren’t any piles of money in here,” said Rosemary sadly as she eyed the 3 tunnels and thought about walking back out.  Then she heard people cheering in one.
     “What was that?” asked Jaramie intently as he started down the tunnel on the right followed by everyone.  And they were all very curious if for no other reason than to get a beer.
     “ Let’s find out, poppa could use a bruski,” said Grega happily as he rubbed the back of his neck.  And he felt withdrawal symptoms getting worse from the opium.  This while Rosemary was a little scared by the contract where she remembered a clause that said enter all tunnels at your own risk.
     They walked down the winding tunnel for 152 feet and came to a large wooden door.  It had golden squares on it that have each of the,” Faces of Qucan,” inside of them as well as a red marble doorknob.
     Qucan is a healer who believed he knew every expression in the history of mankind.  And that each of them caused a person to start a series of thoughts leading eventually to very specific emotions.  For example a goofy smile when someone least expects it would make them smile in the moment, but later feel anger as they realized subconsciously that they had been embarrassed.  There is also the raised eyebrow smile and a nervous handshake, that made a person feel nervous slightly in the moment, but only a bit later quiet and ineffectual.  He had counted over 600 and offered classes to greater educate people on their power and the pitfalls involved.  He also showed people the counter looks and emotions to cancel out the faces.  And they included when a person asked you a belittling question like,” have you gained some weight?  And used a boisterous laugh and handshake with an overly large smile, and all’s you had to do was show no emotion and say yes to whatever they asked.  Thus it would bounce their play back at them reversing the effect.
     “I love doors, they’re so open and closed, without even trying really,” said Jaramie jokingly as he eyed the faces of Qucan.  And he showed no emotion because he knew all about them, but he did watch Den as he smiled at the goofy face.  And he knew what Den would be going thru later and that he’d be angry. This while Den thought how cute the face looked.
     “Then open it we haven’t got much air left for breathing!  I can’t breathe without air!” yelled Rosemary sarcastically as she grabbed the doorknob and quickly turned it.  And it opened into a nightclub that has 30 large mahogany tables set up in front of a large raised anti-gravity floating purple stage.  This with the band Pokus on the left side and the play, We surrender, on the right.
     Pokus consists of a brother and sister named Reedy and his sister Sett.  Who each sing and play guitar while a computer plays the drums, bass, and symphony.  And there is set up avatars of large creatures on the stage, with all of it controlled by certain breathing and singing patterns.  They hailed from Shaker Heights and are a wildly popular band in the Horumi circuit.  The Horumi circuit is a large group of well to do families who hold large parties at their homes or properties.  And they involve paying large sums of money to get the best bands in the world to come and play.  They didn’t just want to hear their music they wanted their children to have a chance at dating a rock star.  Often times there were pregnancies that the rich families then completely raised and brought up with very little influence by the usually unsuspecting rock stars.
     We surrender is a 10 person play that presupposes what would have happened if Abraham Lincoln hadn’t been assassinated.  It uses actual descendants of Lincoln to play key roles in the story.  And what the writer decided would have happened is the U.S. having become an industrial powerhouse a hundred years earlier.  And there would have been equal rights for gays and lesbians decades before it ever came to pass.
     The nightclub has floating pay as you go refrigerators that look like robots.  And they are filled with 20 brands of beer and 3 brands of wine and have a slot on the front where the product comes out.  This after you swiped your debit card and pressed your selection on a rubber keypad.  There is also a trio of floating glass ovens that have dozens of warm snacks that use the same technology as the refrigerators.   And they send out the smell of the baby back ribs and pepperoni pizza out thru vents in the sides.  This as they have a bonus plan where for every 3 items you bought you got the 4th free.  There are brown leather chairs at all the tables that have built in foot stools and massagers in the neck of the chair.  The walls in the room have a mural of all the bands that have ever played there.  This as well as all the offspring it has spawned that the rock stars knew nothing about.  There are also floating holographic movies that you couldn’t see until you were actually inside one and watching their movie.
     Everyone walked into the nightclub and headed for a table close to the stage.
     “Hey let’s take this table here.  It has less bums asking for money near it,” said Grega jokingly as he sat down and then burst out laughing.  He did this just as a way to get everyone to look up at the stage, but especially Amo and she did just that.
     “Very funny, Grega, another rouse from you is it?” asked Amo playfully and coyly as she wasn’t sure how stern she could be with Grega.  This caused her to hide the fact she didn’t like his joke by smiling.  Meanwhile Grega rolled with laughter and then grabbed one of the floating refrigerators and bought a dozen Natural lights.
     Grega put the beers on the table and then said coyly and warmly,” Everyone go ahead and get a naty, ole poppa Grega is buyin’ all night long.  And it looks like, wait maybe not as good as I hoped.”
     “What’s not as good, what?” asked Pat quickly and sarcastically as he knew Grega wanted everyone to hang on his every word.  And Pat wanted to stick it to him a little bit to test the waters.    This while Grega smiled slightly and said nothing for several seconds.   As Grega wanted Pat to ask him again, but Pat knew what he was doing and said nothing.
     Then Grega raised his finger and kept trying to get Pat or anybody to ask him what he was talking about.
     “No it’s just I would’ve liked to have seen some poontang.  The pickens seem a little slim.  The band sounds good thou, maybe that’ll draw ‘em in,” said Grega coyly as he really didn’t care if there were more pretty women in the club.  This was because he saw several already as he watched a red head and a beautiful brunette walk past and he started imagining them both naked.
     “Yeah, try tellin’, Den, that.  He would’ve liked to be your underwear and number one gal, Grega.  Isn’t that right, Den?” asked Pat loudly and sarcastically as he patted Den on the back and nodded yes.  This while Den nodded no and laughed.  And Grega felt a bit slighted, but wasn’t going to ruin his night he thought.
     Meanwhile on the stage in the play We surrender, Abraham’s great grandson was just starting his own Episcopal church in the deep south after he’d just received his surplus check from the government.  The checks were sent to every U.S. citizen.  This as the country had no debt and each person got 1,500 dollars a month in payment as the U.S. economy was booming.  The actor playing Ricker Lincoln was Abraham Lincoln’s actual great grandson Ronald Lincoln.  And he had a similar face to Abraham, but with a thicker beard and shoulder length red hair.
     Ricker loaded in box after box into his church filled with donations from all over the country.  Then up walked a beautiful blonde haired woman in a red dress named Bell in the play and in real life.
     “Excuse me, sir, could I speak with you of change?” asked Bell timidly as she looked at Ricker and he looked up and saw her.  And instantly his hand darted into his pants pocket and Bell then said quickly,” no, sir, not money or coins, but changing the world.”
     Ricker looked at her for a moment and then he set down his box and said calmly,” Where do ya see the world heading, ah…?”
     “Bell, I see it racing towards a fiery inferno and large numbers of people shooting randomly in large crowds.  I want your clothes off, sir, and I mean now!” said Bell sharply as she disrobed and hurried over to Ricker.  This while Den saw this and was shocked as was Jaramie.
     “Look my life finally intersected with a porno.  There is a God and doeth like me,” said Den slyly and jokingly then he laughed and yelled,” honey, I’m all man, come give us a kiss!”
     “What kind of show is this anyway?” asked Rosemary in disbelief as she laughed to herself.  And Amo looked at Rosemary and smiled as she watched Ricker take off his shirt and pants, revealing a full throbbing erection.
     “Bell, that’s a world I want to live in if it’s with you.  Let there be laughter when there is no joke,” said Ricker as he rubbed Bell’s body.  And then they started kissing and Grega kept drinking his beers and laughing as he did.  Meanwhile Rosemary and Amo were getting wet and Pat had an erection under the table.
     “You get your fucking hands off her you shithead!  I’ll kill you motherfucker!” shouted Bemri Goame as he jumped up out of his seat and started for the stage.  This as Bell continued to kiss Ricker and she ignored her short black haired and green eyed husband.  As he had on a brown dress suit as he ran up and jumped on the stage.  And Bemri shouted as he slapped Bell,” you think this is fun and games bitch!  I play for keeps now get your fucking clothes on we’re leavin’!” shouted Bemri as everyone in the audience looked on in honor.  And Grega half hoped a fight would break out and he could throw his beer bottle at the stage.
     “Fuck you, Bemri, you limp dick prick!   I fuck who I want and that ain’t soft peckers!” said Bell sharply as she grinned and laughed at Bemri.  This while she rubbed Ricker’s ass, but Ricker didn’t know what to think of the situation.
     “Look bitch, I’m stressed at work!  And I won’t stand here and take your shit when you know my tongue’s just as good!  Now get your skanky ass up off this stage WE’RE LEAVIN’!” thundered Bemri angrily as the whole audience looked on in shock.  And Bemri pulled a pistol out that is golden and has a red marble coated barrel.
     “Oh Jesus, somebody might get shot.  I say we get the fuck out of here,” said Grega anxiously as he looked at everyone.  Then Bemri fired a warning shot into the ceiling and it cracked a support beam.  This caused it to break loose and swing down towards Grega, but just before it hit him in the face and killed him Den grabbed Grega’s shoulder and pulled him towards him.  This caused only Grega’s other shoulder to be clipped by the support beam.   This cut into his clothes, but only bruised his shoulder.
     “I’m not going anywhere with you, you fuckin’ loser!  Just leave, you’re not good for a lay or another second of my life.  Beat it, you don’t scare me!” said Bell sternly as she pushed Bemri back.  And he glared at her and then pistol whipped her cracking her jaw and sending her to the ground.
     “Are you alright, Grega?” asked Rosemary as she helped Grega down to the floor.  And this as everyone ducked behind the table and hid from Bemri.   And he was standing over Bell glaring at her with the pistol aimed at her.
     “I’m not good enough, is that it, bitch?!  Well we’re together or we’re both dead!  Which is it, cunt?” asked Bemri fiercely as he aimed his gun at Bell who was trembling and wiping the blood from her jaw.  Meanwhile Ricker slowly reached over to grab a shovel from the set.  And thought he’d crown Bemri if he could get his hands on it.
     “I’m fine, Rosemary, but my shoulder really hurts.  I think we all need to run for it.  Seriously let’s just fucking run or this guy’s gonna kill somebody,” said Grega as he gathered himself and took a look at Bemri.  And he saw the look in his eyes and knew what he was about to do.
     “Let’s go right now!  Follow me over to the tunnel over there behind that sign, see it,” asked Jaramie as he pointed to a sign that read” We stole history from the true and passionate.  So sue us if we’re overjoyed with legendary lives.”   And everyone started running towards it with their heads lowered.
     “Fuck you, limp dick.  You’re gutless and nobody but a washed up alternative rock star.  Who thought we were all lucky members of YOUR generation!   But instead you’re the sole member of the underbelly of ours.  Go ahead and preach your egotistical politics somewhere else!   I’ve moved on from you and softy a long time ago mister,” said Bell snidely as she laughed at Bemri and shook her tits at him.  This as Bemri got nervous and looked around the room for some comfort.
     Just then Ricker grabbed the shovel and when Bemri turned to shoot Bell Ricker hit him square in the face.   Bursting his nose wide open and causing the gun to go off.  This happened while Grega and everyone darted into the tunnel.
     Then Ricker hit Bemri again with the shovel this time in the back of the head.   This sent Bemri to the stage knocked out cold and bloodied.  Bell meanwhile had been shot in the chest and was slowly bleeding to death.   Ricker saw her laying there and he knelt down and held her in his arms.
     “Bell, god dam it, he ruined us didn’t he.  We weren’t what we were.  It’s all floated away down a villain’s river of death.  Well I know what to do,” said Ricker as he sobbed and then set down Bell as she was dead.  And he stood up and turned to Bemri and was shot in the temple by Bemri.  This caused Ricker to fall to the stage dead and the crowd to gasp.
     “Both my aches are dead.  And I have no plans to see heaven’s scenery, bitch,” said Bemri sharply as he picked himself up and spit on Bell and Ricker and then laughed as he exited the stage.
     Meanwhile Grega and everyone ran down the white marble tunnel that has golden statues of all the Esseric family members lining it.  And it has a glowing orange light at the end of it.
     “There’s something at the end there.  We might be in the clear!” said Pat boldly as they ran and then came out into a lavish ballroom.  And it has 170 foot high arching ceilings with diamond chandeliers, as well as intricate gold carvings high up in the rafters.
     There are living dragons made from animatronics green and blue skin.  With robotic inner workings that can be controlled by an implant in Muras Esseric’s temple and there are 100 feet in length.  The dragons have bright yellow eyes and saddles on their backs that can carry 5 people in black recliners.  There are two environments in the room, with one lush and green and having large redwood trees and treehouses in them.  While the other has a dark brown and red urban area that has mini skyscrapers set up around 2 thirds of forest.  And each building reaches for the ceiling and is in various bright colors.   2 of the buildings are in the shape of grandfather clocks.  This with a large patio all the way around them that has a bed and hot tub set up on it, as well as an outdoor kitchen.  There are dozens of things on a table on the patio with some of them being brownies, apple pies, and even ham casserole to name a few that fill the air with flavors.  The floor in the room is filled with ancient words of wisdom and includes,” Run a few steps down the ladder of success and a few million lifetimes away from who you are is where you will be.  Try instead not getting cocky and be forever thankful for the foothold.   And that you have become and the person you’ve forgot you’d become because of it,” written in green marble letters.
     As they walked into the room the dragons perked up and glared at Pat and everyone stared them.
     “Whoa, what the fuck are those?  Hey I don’t wanna die down here for fuck’s sake,” said Grega sternly as the dragons eyed him, but then the dragons flew up into the air and got behind Grega.  And they got behind everyone before they had a chance to go back making their minds up for them.
     “Easy big fella, we’re just lost.  Don’t wanna cause you any harm,” said Pat calmly as he eyed the dragons intently as did everyone else.
     “What are you doing in here?  This is off limits!” asked Muras sternly as she stood on the patio and glared down at everyone.  This as she controlled her dragons making them blow hot air on everyone’s backs.  Meanwhile they were all terrified and feared the worst.
     Muras stands 5’9” and weighs 146 pounds with a womanly figure.  She also has large hands with round large knuckles on her short arms.  Her hair is long and seal black with natural purple highlights and has a flower tied into it at the bottom, with a thin braided piece on the side.  Her eyes are orange and have a no nonsense look to them, as well as her having a cute nose and thick pursed lips.  She is wearing a black silk one piece bathing suit with the words,” A believer in nothing,” written along the aides as well as a white cotton frock and red fluffy slippers.  She also has on a blue diamond necklace in the design of a shark being eaten by a woman.
     “We apologize, but we we’re running from a crazed gunman.  He literally almost killed my friend here,” said Pat sincerely as he pointed to Grega who showed her his injured shoulder and hoped she would help them escape.   This as Muras looked sternly at them not sure if it was a ploy or a lie or not.
     “That’s right he’s shooting the nightclub up right now,” said Grega apologetically as he grimaced at Muras.  And she started to laugh causing everyone to think she was crazy.  Instead she simply took great joy in crazy people’s actions.
     “Isn’t that a bit of hilarity?  I should burn that club to the ground for all the trouble it’s caused me.  Although this bit of news brought me a smile.  Why don’t you all come up here and have a drink with me, I won’t bite, only nibble?” asked Muras playfully as she grinned a goofy grin at everyone.
     “We’d love to, but what shall we call you?” asked Amo happily as she eyed Muras who was doing a weird dance and thought Muras a little bit crazy.  This while Muras just wanted to see who would smile or laugh and saw that they all smiled.
     “Muras, but my friends call me hey buddy.  Should I call you ass lip or something more cordial?” asked Muras sarcastically as she looked at everyone laughing and thought they were a warm bunch of kids.  Meanwhile Grega thought she was a cougar on the prowl for a younger man.
     “Hey buddy, my name is Amo, that’s, Jaramie, Den, Pat, Grega, and Rosemary, but call us weird buddy or dinner lovers.  Cause that’s what the trash man called us when he wants to impress us,” said Amo sarcastically as she grinned and everyone smiled.  This as Muras thought Amo was trying too hard to impress because she didn’t know how to compete with Muras’s charm.
     “Well then aren’t you in luck, weird buddy, hey buddy, just made a feast and I’ve already eaten.  Hurry on up and we’ll share a laugh or two,” said Muras warmly as she flew the dragons up next to everyone and had them lay flat so everyone could easily climb on.
     “I hope these dragons don’t shit the bed in mid-air or I will be pissed and mostly dead.  Which I’m not happy about, at all,” said Grega sarcastically, but also seriously as he thought god was fucking him again and he’s surely fall to his death.    Meanwhile Pat noticed Grega’s old trick of trying to pass his feelings to the people around him by talking about them without being asked.  And Pat felt reassured that the old Grega was almost back.
     Everyone climbed on the dragons and got comfortable.  Then they lifted up into the air and headed for the patio.  This while Muras was lying down on the bed and lit up a joint and waited for everyone.
     The dragons landed softly on the patio without incident and everyone let out a sigh of relief and saw the table filled with food and were ecstatic.
     “That is a sight for the sorest of eyes.  I am fucking starving,” said Jaramie happily as he started for the table.  This while everyone else went for the table as well except for Den who eyed Muras.
     Den walked over to Muras and asked calmly,” Can I get a dream, or drag I mean?”
     “You can if you stop mumbling like a bitch.  Slid in beside me handsome, I won’t hurt cha,” said Muras warmly as she patted the bed.  And Den felt a bit nervous as she was older than his usual woman, but she did have smoke and that made her more attractive to him.  And Den slid into bed and took the joint.
     Then Den took a long drag and could tell it was really potent marijuana as he was instantly stoned.  Then Den exhaled and looked over at Muras and said warmly,” Amazing smoke you’ve got there.  Did you grow that yourself?  And if so can I buy some?” asked Den as he felt euphoric and looked at Muras who was smiling at how cute he was being.
     “Well, Den, I grow it myself.  Let me show you something I think you’ll find interesting,” said Muras coyly as she flew the green dragon up to the top of one of the skyscrapers.  And she had it retrieve a giant black leather Louis Vutton suitcase and then fly it down to where Muras was.
     The dragon set the bag down next to the bed.  And Grega walked over and saw the 10 foot tall bag and said sarcastically as he ate a steak sandwich,” There’s my ole bag of shit.  I thought I lost you in the town of toilet.  Yer ma and me have been dying to embrace your flatulent arms once again.  Come give me some sugar, shit,” said Grega sarcastically in a deep southern accent as he hugged the bag and then dry humped it.  And everyone laughed while Muras shook her head and thought Grega was a moron.
     “What’s in there, Den, I will give you for 150 dollars.  And it will not disappoint.  Take a look,” said Muras coyly as she knew the bag was filled with highly potent pot.  And that Den would flip out when he saw it, as she grabbed the electronic zipper with her implant and opened the bag without even touching it.
     Then 50 twenty pound plastic bags filled with pot fell out of the larger bag causing Den to jump up and run over.
     “Green bud, holy shit an oasis of green bud and I’m not dead!  150 dollars for all that, are you serious, Muras?” asked Den in disbelief as he hugged the bags of pot and thought he would pass out as he started to sweat and quickly wiped it away with his sleeve.    And Muras laughed while everyone continued to eat the delectable food and smiled at Den.
     “Serious as an ex-wife!  I grow the shit, Den, so I have an endless supply.  Just watching you right now is all the payment I need.  How does the saying go, when you find a friend of similar vice, be twice as nice, because they are the family you never knew.  I think it was Buckley who said that.  My what a writer!  So are you happy, Den?” asked Muras warmly as she rubbed Den’s back.  And he hugged the pot and then Den nodded quickly and gave Muras a bear hug.
     “I have never been so joyous, Muras.  This will set me up for a hundred Saturdays.  Thank you, Muras, you’re a saint who needs to get her sainthood,” said Den warmly then he kissed Muras on the lips and forehead.  And then Den ran and dove into the pile of pot, while Muras felt overjoyed and could only smile.
     “Jesus, Den, you finally found the pot smokers heaven on Earth.  Christ all’s I ever wanted after the day I had was this incredibly tasty steak sandwich.  Which I thank you for, Muras, wholeheartedly.  What exactly are you doing down here?  Are you renting this apartment?” asked Grega firmly as he licked his fingers and let out a sigh.   This while Muras laughed loudly at his question and then she opened the windows on one of the skyscrapers and it showed the face of her and the words,” Muras building since 2019.”   And Grega laughed nervously when he saw it and said nervously,” oh that’s embarrassing it’s your building for god’s sake.  That would make you Pauco’s…”
     “Mother, yes I held him inside my body for 9 months.  And kept him safe from his own devices for 30 years.  These days I think he’s a bit annoyed with his old ma.  You don’t find me annoying do you, Grega?” asked Muras sternly and coyly as she was annoyed with Grega for asking her such an obvious question.  And she grinned at Grega who smiled nervously back as he didn’t want to say the wrong thing and cause Den to lose his bag of pot.  Or even sick those giant dragons on them as Grega wasn’t sure how they’d get back to the ship.
     “No, god no I thought you were gonna say I was annoying.  No I think you’re a beautiful, smart, amazing, and totally incredible woman.  I mean look at the high times you just gave, Den, here.  You didn’t have to do that, but you did it.  And now look how happy, Den, is,” said Grega playfully as he grinned from ear to ear and Muras smiled and thought Grega was cute.
     “Thank you, Grega, well I say we set about getting you all back to your hangar bay.  I wouldn’t want to keep you.  Why don’t we all pile on the dragons and I’ll personally fly you back up, o.k.?” asked Muras warmly and coyly as she was pissed off that Grega thought he could dupe her into thinking he meant any of what he had said.  Then everyone nodded and set down what they were eating and thought they were happy for this day to be finally over.
     “Let’s roll, but what about my stash?” asked Den as he eyed all the bags of pot nervously and then looked at Muras who smiled.  And then the zipper on the bag closed up and the plastic bags of pot was sucked inside as it did.
     Then the green dragon grabbed hold of the bag and everyone started to climb aboard, while Den ran over and hugged Muras.
     “It’s alright, Den, I appreciate the gesture.  Let us make like a moonbeam and swim thru the skies, Den,” said Muras happily then everyone grabbed a recliner and the dragons started flying up towards the ceiling.
     As they drew near a round hole appeared where a holographic wall had been and the dragons soared thru.  This as everyone felt a bit nervous and Grega thought to himself it’d be just his luck to die now and just his fault for coming here in the first place.
     “This is insane, I love it!” yelled Pat as they soared thru a long golden tube and up past dozens of paintings of angels with paragraphs of scripture that included,” Too few a brave soul ever gained belief in god that wasn’t already there, but so many a weak one took a lifetime to ever know and swore they’d never tell.”   This as well as the phrase,” Cripple a wounded man and stab god right hard in the heart with a sword of molten steel,” beneath the paintings.
     They soared faster and faster weaving back and forth as they climbed farther and farther.  And Rosemary shouted,” I’m not pregnant, but my stomach is!”
     This caused everyone to laugh as they could see a glowing blue light at the end of the tunnel.  And Grega instantly started trying to think of a better joke and then he shouted,” Too much ass and not enough vagina mean too much crying over baseball, I love it!”
     Then no one laughed as they couldn’t figure out what he meant and Grega instantly felt embarrassed.  Then they burst out of the tunnel and saw a circular grandstand surrounding the tunnel filled with cheering people who were completely naked.  Then a blast of fireworks shot up in the air spelling the words,” We knew it!”
                                                                       THE END
