

Trilogy of Terror




Book One




by Kevin E Lake



















Copyright Kevin E Lake 2012







All characters appearing in this work are fictional. Any resemblance to real people- living or dead- is purely coincidental. Except for Shit Pants Bob. 








1


Of Love and Wine



	“My Dearest Love,” the letter began. “I know I told you this before I left, but I am going to tell you again. I will think of you every minute I am gone. I love you more than any words I could write could ever say, and I cannot wait to return to your loving arms, your tender kiss, and your warm embrace. I will bring you something nice from France. Until then, enjoy this special gift. Mike will be by to verify its authenticity. I know I’ve spent too much money on you, again, but you are worth your weight in gold! Love Frank!”
	The note had been attached to a gift wrapped box sitting on top of the island in the kitchen of their Florida Mansion. She preferred their home in Maine as it was more secluded (which she felt helped her hide her secrets, and boy, did she have secrets), but since it was winter, she was happy to be in Florida. Her husband, who was ten years older than her father, was away on yet another trip to investigate some rare artifact, a possible addition to his already enormous collection. Over the years he’d developed a keen eye for spotting the fakes (though he was still snow balled every now and then), and this little hobby of his allowed him to continually increase the value of his inherited wealth.
	His beautiful, much younger bride (‘my child bride,’ he’d used to brag years before among the inner circle of his wealthy friends) often went with him  for the trips and the shopping, but certainly not out of any interest in his little treasures or their past, but she had not gone this time, because she had other plans. 
	“Mike’s coming,” she said, a warm feeling rushing through her loins. “Well, my dearest love. Whatever’s in this box isn’t going to be nearly as nice as five days along with Mike.” She opened the box, knowing already what it contained by the shape and swishing sound it made when she shook it.
 “Another bottle of wine,” she said, her suspicion confirmed. The date ‘1658’ was etched on the old bottle. “You were right. You did spend too much money.”  
She knew a few details as far as the ins and outs of some of his collections where concerned, including his collection of more than forty thousand bottles of wine. She would estimate this newest bottle, from the age indicated by the etchings on the bottle alone, to be worth more than one million dollars. If it had come from an important family, or if it had an interesting story attached to it, it could easily be worth three times that amount.
“No bother,” she said, making her way through the house, back to the large master bedroom. “I have to get ready for Mike!” 
The bedroom itself was larger than the house in which she had grown up in Petersburg, Virginia, peanut capital of the mid-Atlantic (she’d been the daughter of a peanut share cropper), and the bathroom was larger than the apartment she had lived in while in college.  
It was in college, while she had been a student at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, and working as a server at a wine vineyard in Orange County, that she had met her husband of the past fifteen years; Frank Masters. He was old then in her eyes, sixty at the time, but he’d had an air about him that even a girl of twenty would notice. He looked younger than he was, true, but it was the grace with which he carried himself that caught her eye, as well as the eye of most people with whom he had ever come into contact. 
She was flattered by his pleasantries the day they’d met, thinking they were innocent at first, but was a bit freaked out when he had come back the next day to follow up with more. That was until one of the staff working at the vineyard told her who he was. 
His great grandfather had started Masters’ Oil, later to be purchased by Standard Oil, today’s Exxon Mobil. The old man, like many in the oil industry at the time, had ridden John Rockefeller’s coat tails to wealth, and now, four generations later, the wealth remained. 
Ten fold. 
Upon obtaining this information, she had started returning the pleasantries, and now, sixteen years later, she was more than happy to be Mrs Kristina Masters, the young (but nearing middle age, her id- and increasingly present crow’s feet- kept reminding her), beautiful wife of one of America’s most wealthy collectors. 
Just as she finished dressing, pulling a light sundress over her head, the doorbell rang. Her long blond hair, which at thirty six still had not yet begun to grey, waived like damp reeds in the nearby everglades as she rushed to the door.
“Mike,” she said, opening the door to find her husband’s private investigator on the porch. His hair, bleached from California sun, dangled teasingly, half covering his sky blue eyes. The smoke behind him from burning brush in the surrounding marshes added to his movie star good looks, as if he were entering from stage right, fog machine hidden behind a nearby prop. He was no actor, though, and this was not a script. 
“Good morning, Mrs Masters,” he said, walking into the foyer. 
“No need for that, Mike,” she said, closing the door. “I’ve given all the staff the week off with pay.
“So there’s no one here?” he asked, looking around the living room of the twenty thousand square feet home.
“Not even the gardeners,” she said, and she did so with a dirty little smile on her beautiful face.
Mike dove into her, locking his lips with hers in a kiss that said, ‘we’ve been apart way too long.’ The dress she’d put on only moments before came right back off. He pulled it over her head, ripping it at one of the seams as they made their way to the couch. 
Once on the couch, Mike did things to her and for her that her husband had never done (we met in your prime, not mine, was the lame excuse he’d used too many times and that did nothing to get her off). Her same age, Mike made her feel alive again- five times this morning to be exact.
“Oh my God. That was great!” she said, lying on the floor, completely exhausted. 
“That was just a warm up. We have five days together.” He looked around for his pants, not remembering (or having been aware of taking them off at the time) where he’d thrown them. 
He found them and then he fumbled through the pockets and pulled out a pack of menthol cigarettes. He walked to the front porch for a smoke, completely naked. With the staff gone, there was no one to see him. Knowing this, Kristina joined him, naked as well, and took a long, sexy drag from his cigarette, even though she didn’t smoke.
“And I’m looking forward to every minute and every orgasm,” she said, trying not to cough. 
“Do you think he has any clue?” He took another drag, one eye closed, and Kristina thought he resembled James Dean in that one famous picture. 
“No.”
“I don’t either.”
“Why not?” she asked, leaning against him as he put his arm around her. “You sound more confident than I feel.” 
“He knew this job would take close to a week. No way in hell he’d leave us alone that long if he had a clue.”
“What do you think he’d do if he ever found out?” she said, shuddering at memories of how he’d exacted revenge on others in the past.
“Scary to think about, huh?” Mike said. “Remember that fraud that sold him a one million dollar bottle of fake wine two years ago? The poor bastard offered a full refund when Frank found out, but he refused and drug the guy through court costs worth more than that. Plus the public embarrassment of the whole thing.”
“Oh, I know,” she said, another shudder. “That guy’s since gone out of business. And he’s spent more than two million in court costs. Frank just has his lawyers ask for another extension each time the case goes to court. He doesn’t care about the money he’s spending. It’s all about ruining the guy. He can be one cold hearted son of a bitch.”
“He won’t stop until the man files bankruptcy.”
“He takes being taken advantage of so personally,” she said. “But nothing beats sending our own son off to bordering school in England last year.”
“I wasn’t going to bring it up, but yeah. That tops the cake,” Mike said, remembering the case. 
Mike had been the one to bring in the marked bills, and everyone at the estate was shocked two days into the investigation when the Masters’ then ten year old son came to dinner one night with black ink all over his hands. They were sure it had been one of the house staff that had taken twenty thousand dollars of cash from Frank’s petty cash reserve in his den. Without discussion with Kristina, Frank had had the boy shipped to England less than a week later.
 “It seems that it doesn’t matter who it is that takes advantage of him,” Mike said, and then he shivered. “He feels no mercy.”
“What’s so important about this stupid bottle of wine anyway?” Kristina said, trying to get her mind off of her son. She’d never particularly enjoyed motherhood, but she’d gotten used to the boy being around, and she did miss him. “I’ve never understood why he spends the money he does on the things he buys.”
“I won’t know the story myself until I’ve checked it out. He didn’t give me too much information about the purchase or the wine. He wanted me to be un-biased. I found it a bit peculiar myself, but whatever. He gives me ten percent of the value once I figure out if it’s real or not. That’s twenty five grand for a week’s work.”
“He paid two and a half million for that?” 
“I see your math skills are still sharp,” he said, leaning in to kiss her and chuckling.
“They’d be even sharper if I’d actually finished college.”
“Judging by your lifestyle,” he said, hand and cigarette waving at the surroundings, “I don’t think you made the wrong decision. Do you?”
“Of course not,” she said, giving him a look that said, ‘you’re stupid’- no words necessary.  “So what’s he buying in France?”
“A one and a half million dollar set of buttons,” he said, flicking his cigarette into the yard. 
“Buttons? That much for buttons? God, aren’t there some hungry people somewhere he could feed or something? What’s so important about buttons?”
“Supposedly, they were the buttons from the jacket Napoleon wore when he made his way back to France, from the island of Elba, where he’d been exiled.” 
“Seriously?”
“Yeah,” he said, leading her back into the house. “Seriously.”
“When do you want to start working?” she said, slipping her sundress back over her head, noticing the torn seem at the neck and fondling it with her fingertips. 
“Why not now?” he said, pulling on his pants. “How about I work ‘til lunch and then we eat and have some more fun. I’ll work more ‘til dinner then we’ll do it again. Is three times a day good enough for you?”
“Yes,” she said, leaning in to kiss him as he buttoned his shirt. “I’m already tired from round one. I’m gonna go lay and get ready for round two.”
“Where’s the bottle?” he asked, pulling away from her, but not before giving her a nose to nose rub with a smile on his face. 
 “In here,” she said, taking his hand and leading him into the kitchen. 
“Hm,” he said, picking it up. “The bottle looks authentic, as do the engravings. I’ll have to check of course. So many of the fakes are easy to figure out by these grooves,” he said, running the tip of an index finger through the grooves of the date engraved on the bottle. “Most of the guys with the fakes use tools for the engravings that hadn’t even been invented yet at the time the wine was supposedly bottled. Dead giveaways.”
“That sounds like shop talk to me. I can’t even begin to understand what you do.” She rolled her eyes.
“Sorry,” he said, pulling out a drawer and taking out of it a cork screw.
“What are you doing?” she said, stepping back.
“Don’t worry,” he said, pushing down and turning the screw. “These are re-corked every ten years or so anyway. This isn’t the original. They dry rot over time. I’ll re-cork it once I take some samples.”
Twisting hard, he pulled the cork out of the neck of the bottle, a strange mist escaping when he did.
“Oh my God!” Kristina said, coughing. “What’s that?”
“I don’t know,” he said, coughing as well and carefully placing the bottle back on the island and then covering his mouth with both hands. “That’s nasty. I’ve never smelled anything like that before.”
“I’m going upstairs and back to bed,” she said, fanning her hand in front of her face, catching her breath. “Have fun.”
“Ok, you sexy thing you,” he said. “I’ll see you at lunch.” He grabbed a cloth that was hanging on the handle of a cabinet. He wadded it up and pushed it into the bottle to stop the fumes. As the air cleared, a chill ran down his spine.
“Weird,” he said, and he shook as if a goose had just walked over his grave.

					#

“So. What have you found out? Anything?” Kristina placed a fork wrapped with angel hair pasta that was covered with a light mango glaze in her mouth.
“So far nothing,” Mike said, doing the same. “This is delicious, did you cook this?”
“Of course not,” she said, taking a sip of some more recent and less expensive wine than that in question. It was from a twenty thousand dollar bottle Frank had purchased for a special occasion of her choosing. She would come up with some excuse later as to why she had opened it. The truth was, five days of great sex and less talk about ropes used to hang Spanish soldiers here in Florida during the Spanish American war, or printing plates used for confederate currency. “I had Norma Jean make enough food for five days before she left,” she said. “Thank God for micro-waves.”
“I know right?” Mike said, the phrase evidence of his west coast roots. He and Kristina together looked like a slightly older version of Ken and Barbie. But to live like Ken and Barbie, enjoy what Frank Capra would have called ‘A Wonderful Life,’ Barbie needed to stay shacked up with Old Man Potter because this Ken was about as financially successful as George Bailey had been. Sure, he made a lot, but he spent a lot too. All part of that west coast surfer boy image. And the older he got, the more money he had to throw around for lost good looks. 
“So. How is little Miss Norma Jean?” Mike asked, and there was a sly smile playing at one corner of his mouth. 
“She’s just poor white trash from south Florida, Mike,” Kristina said, nose tilting into the air. “And I don’t like the way Frank looks at her.”
“She might be,” Mike said, taking another bite of pasta. “She really is beautiful though. I’m sure Frank notices, but he’d never do anything about it. I think she looks like I might imagine you looked ten years ago. Besides,” he said, a pause for affect, “I think you used to be a little white trash girl from southern Virginia if memory serves me correctly.”
“So tell me about your work,” she said, her right leg crossed over her left, unseen under the table, and her right foot furiously rocking back and forth. “What have you been doing all morning?” She loved to forget her past. At least try to. But no matter how hard she tried, she never could- same as the issue with her son. 
“I’ve set up the tests for carbon dating,” he said, coughing.
“Are you okay?” “Yes,” he said, grabbing his throat, another light cough. “Something must have gone down the wrong way.” He took a sip of wine and rubbed his throat as it went down. 
“Be careful,” she said, taking a sip of wine as well. “I want you around when the old bastard dies.”
“I hate it when you say those things,” he said, his fork twirling in his pasta. “I love you, but Frank’s a friend of mine. He’s kind of like a second father. I’ve learned a lot from him.”
“Oh, he’s not a bad guy,” she said, another sip of wine. “He’s just, huh, huh, huh…” she coughed now, covering her mouth with her napkin.
“Are you okay?” he said, half rising.
“Yeah,” she said, patting her chest. She chased the cough with another sip. “I’m fine.” 
“I’m full. Are you?” he said, pushing himself back from the table. There was a deviant twinkle in his eyes.
“Do you want desert?” she asked, and she had a similar look in her eyes.
“Yes,” he said. “And there’s only one thing I want to eat.”
They both rose, quickly, crashing into each other for another kiss. She jumped up and straddled him. He carried her into the living room as he had earlier.
“No!” he said, stopping. “There’re too many rooms in this house. We’re breaking them all in.”
He carried her into the kitchen, and sat her on the island. He had removed the wine earlier, having decided to work on it in Frank’s first floor den.
“Bon appetit,” he said, lifting her dress and dropping to his knees. He buried his head beneath her sundress, where he found she hadn’t wasted time for either of them by putting on panties. As his tongue began to work, she leaned her head back, her entire body tensing, and she soon creamed in his mouth- only for the first of three times during this post lunch session. She came twice more with him inside her. 
She feared she might have nothing left for round three. 

					#

“Stevie,” Mike said, his cell phone to his ear, his other hand holding the carbon dating results. “I need your help.”
“Sure boss,” Mike’s partner on the west coast said. He worked from a small room in his Los Angeles apartment. 
“I need you to Google everything you can about collector’s wine. A bottle from Spain. The year 1658.”
“Gee. Always giving me the hard work, huh, Mike?” Stevie said, and he sounded bored.
“I give you the time consuming part so I can focus on the science,” Mike said. “You know that.”
“Yeah. Well, one of these days you’re going to overlook the obvious and I’m going to find it first. The internet has already surpassed all that chemistry class, lab crap you do, ya know.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Mike said, staring out the window. The smoke from the brush fires partially blocked an otherwise beautiful view of mangrove filled marshes on the other side of the property. 
“So. What you got going on down there in Florida?” Stevie asked, pulling Mike out of his trance. 
“I’m not sure. But so far everything seems authentic. The carbon dating does show that the wine is over three hundred years old. The bottle’s checked out as well. I’ve corked it back up. I’m waiting on some acidity tests. Gotta make sure it is wine. Not another bottle of vinegar.”
“If there was a collector’s market for old vinegar, you and I would have been rich by now, with all the fakes we’ve found.”
“I know right?” Mike said, and laughed into the phone. “Get back to me if you find anything out.”
“Will do boss. Be safe down there.”
“Later,” Mike said, and then he hung up the phone. 

					#

“What’s for dinner, love?” Mike asked, walking up behind Kristina, wrapping his arms around her waist and placing a light kiss on the back of her neck. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and ponytails turned him on. 
“Duck in orange sauce,” she said, pushing the buttons on the microwave in front of her. She took his hands with hers and lowered them to her crotch. He took the hint and tickled her there with his fingers and kissed the back of her neck again. 
“God, I love coming for the food as much for the sex,” he said as the microwave dinged. He coughed afterward.
“Come on,” she said, turning around to face him and giving him a stern look. “I’m better than a damn duck!” She coughed too. 
“How much brush are those rednecks burning out in the marshes?” he asked. “The smoke must be coming into the house. I can’t seem to shake this cough.” 
“I know,” she said, coughing again. I couldn’t sleep this afternoon. I kept coughing.”
 “Let’s eat,” he said, brushing her out of the way, pulling the plate smothered in glazed duck from the microwave. “This smells divine.” He moved the plate to the table which they’d already set. A fresh bottle of wine ran the wine costs up to a teacher’s annual salary in just their first day back together. But it wasn’t Mike’s money so he didn’t care, and Kristina thought the occasion warranted the price. 
“This is delicious,” Mike said, forking a bit of duck breast into his mouth.
“I never would have imagined that I would live like this when I was growing up surrounded by peanut fields in Virginia,” she said. “I can’t wait till I get to share this with you.”
“He’s in great health, ya know,” Mike said, another bite of duck followed by a sip of wine. “He could be around for a long time. Hell, he’ll probably outlive us both.” He laughed at this, until he thought, ‘oh my God, that’s possible,’ and then he quit laughing. 
“As long as he keeps traveling, who cares?” she said. “Every time he slips out,” she looked at him and gave him her ‘sexy eyes’ look, “you come over and slip in.” 
“You are so naughty,” he said, waving a duck leg at her.
“So how’s the work coming?” she asked.
“So far so good. I have Stevie doing research back in Cali. Internet stuff you know. I’ve confirmed the age. I’m just waiting on the acidity results to know whether it’s really wine or just another bottle of vinegar.”
“Why did I ask?” she said, taking a spoonful of coos coos from a serving dish. 
“So what’s for desert this time?” she asked twenty minutes later when they’d both finished eating.
“Leftovers,” he said, rushing across the table, grabbing her and embracing her with another kiss. He picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, dropping her on the bed that she shared with her husband. 
“Now we go ‘til we fall asleep,” he said, his lips attacking hers.
Third round; knock out. 

					#

“Oh my God,” he said, waking up in the middle of the night, his throat burning. He swung his feet around to the side of the bed, holding his throat with both hands, hardly able to breathe. Coughing hard, he walked to the window and threw it open, hoping for redemption through fresh air.
Neither redemption nor fresh air came, simply a plume of bitter smoke from the burning brush. Looking across the property he could see the fires burning in the distance. They looked as if they bordered the estate- as if they’d gotten closer. 
“Hough… huck… yuck!” Kristina was awake, coughing as well. She rose, rushed to the bathroom and dropped to her knees in front of the toilet. She gagged and floundered, holding on to the edge of the bowl for all she was worth, as the glazed duck and coos coos from dinner came up, filling the bowl.
“Are you ok, honey?” Mike said, walking into the bathroom, his gate more like a limp than an actual walk. 
“Yeah,” she said, hacking. “Just leave me alone ‘til I’m done, okay.”
“Okay,” he said, staggering back into the bedroom and shutting the window. After she was finished, he added his duck and coos coos to hers. 
“My stomach feels like shit,” he said, crawling back into bed beside her.
“Mine too,” she said. “That damn smoke! I’m calling the police in the morning!”
He kissed her cheek without words and rolled over and went back to sleep. 

					#

“Ugh,” he said, his head plopping into one hand on Frank’s desk the next morning. He rubbed his upset stomach with the other, as if it would do any good. 
The phone rang. He looked at the caller I.D. and saw that it was Stevie calling. 
“Talk to me Stevie,” he said.
“Boss,” Stevie said, his tone serious.
“What,” Mike said, covering his mouth as a cough raced up his throat. He looked in his hand afterward, thinking he’d felt phlegm and saw that it wasn’t phlegm. His hand was filled with blood.
“Have the acidity tests came back yet?” Stevie asked. 
“I was just about to check,” Mike said, glancing over at his small acidity testing machine. The blinking green light let him know that all tests were finished.  “Why? What do you have?”
“Before I tell you, I have a serious question I have to ask.”
“What?”
“Are you involved with Mrs. Masters?”
“What?” Mike said, trying to sound incredulous, but he was afraid what he sounded like was guilty. His current ailment, whatever the hell it was, he thought, lessoned any acting skills he might have possessed, but he tried his best. “Of course not! Why would you even ask me that question?”
“Are you positive?”
“Yes. I think I would know if I were.”
“Okay, the bottle is legitimate,” Stevie said. “I told you my net skills would eventually beat your science. Everything you wanted to know about this bottle can be found online, including the article of its recent purchase by American collector Frank Masters.”
“Go on.” Mike said, his heart rate rising.
“Have you ever heard of a cursed bottle of wine from Haiti?”
“What? Of course not! I’m an investigator, not a collector. Cut to the chase, Stevie!” He coughed up more blood.
“Okay. I’ve just emailed you the articles I’ve found. Basically, the skinny is that Frank Masters just paid two and a half million dollars for a cursed bottle of wine from Haiti.”
“What do you mean… cursed?” Mike said, and he thought his voice sounded like it wasn’t his, but rather, one that belonged to a twelve year old boy scout out in the woods somewhere sitting beside a campfire. He broke into a sweat, just another symptom to join his nausea, bloody cough and headache. “This wine is from Spain! Everything about it. The bottle. The engraving on the bottle. This is Spanish!” The volume of his voice rose as he ended his statement and it seemed to go up half an octave, and now he thought that maybe it belonged to a twelve year old girl scout out in the woods somewhere sitting beside a campfire. 
“The wine is from Spain,” Stevie said, and for an instant, Mike felt relieved. “But the curse is from Haiti.” 
Relief gone.
“What does any of that mean?” Mike asked. He looked to the window, and the sunlight appeared hazy through the smoke outside. 
“The story goes,” Stevie began, “that there was a powerful witch doctor in a small village in Haiti in the middle of the seventeenth century. When Spain moved in during their occupation of basically the entire center of the globe, his young wife was courted by a young Spanish soldier.”
“Go on,” Mike said, fighting what felt like volcanic activity waiting to erupt from his stomach. He coughed up more blood and forgot to cover his mouth this time. He watched it splatter on Frank’s desk. 
“Are you okay, Mike?” Stevie asked.
“Yeah. They’re burning brush in the marshes. The smoke’s coming through the windows. Go on.”
“So anyway,” Stevie said. “The witch doctor’s wife, merely a beautiful young girl he’d taken from the village against her will- one of the perks of being the local witch doctor- started falling for this soldier. He was her age. The witch doctor was old enough to be her grandfather.
 “The witch doctor put a curse on a recent gift the soldier had given his wife. A bottle of wine he’d brought with him from Spain.”
“You have got to be kidding me,” Mike said, trying to sound cynical but feeling anything but. 
“So the story goes,” Stevie said. “When the bottle is given as a gift, the recipient and their lover is dead within twenty four hours.”
“What!” Mike said, coughing up more blood. He leaned over, his stomach cramping. He opened the attachment Stevie had sent him, reading the article for himself while Stevie continued the tale. 
“…basically food poisoning type symptoms mixed with bleeding lungs. Mike? Have you checked the acidity readings yet?”  
“No,” Mike said, struggling to stand, the emailed story only half read. He would take Stevie’s word for the rest of it. “I have to go,” he said, hanging up the phone. His stomach cramped again, dropping him to his knees. 
He crawled up the stairs, and when he got to the bedroom, he saw Kristina lying in the floor in a pool of bloody vomit.
“We’re going to die,” Mike whispered, wrapping his arms around her. 
“What?” she said, and her voice was merely a whisper too. She looked at him through swollen, watery eyes, and he appeared blurry to her. It was like the time she’d gotten a hold of those bad oysters on the half shell down at the Outer Banks in North Carolina. 
“The wine,” Mike said, muttering. “It’s real. It’s cursed. He knew about us.”
He pulled her toward him and she rested her head on his chest. 
They died like that. 

					#

“Honey, I’m home!” Frank Masters yelled, walking into the living room of his Florida Mansion. “Oh, hi Norma Jean.” His cook made her way toward him from the kitchen. “How long have you been here?” he asked her. 
“I just got here myself, Sir,” she said. At twenty six years old, petite, blond and beautiful, she was the spitting image of what Kristina had been ten years before.
“Where’s Kristina?” Frank asked, looking around the room. “I saw Mike’s car outside. Looks like he’s still here, huh?”
“Maybe we should check the bedroom, Sir,” Norma Jean said, her head motioning toward the stairs, one eyebrow raised as if she knew more than she was supposed to know. “They left the kitchen a mess.”
“Alright,” he said. “Let’s go.”
The two of them headed upstairs, straight to the bedroom. Norma Jean placed her hand over her mouth at the site. In the middle of the room, Mike and Kristina lay in a pool of body fluids and flies. The stench of puke and death, both equally strong, filled the room, and Frank and Norma Jean had to hold their breath to keep from hurling.
Frank turned, heading out of the room and back down stairs. Norma Jean followed, saying nothing. Upon reaching his den, Frank pressed the space bar on Mike’s lap top, waking it up. He read the email attachment Stevie had sent.  
“Amazing what a good publicist and a convicted computer hacker can do to make something seem real, huh?” he said, sensing Norma Jean pull up behind him.
“Yeah,” she said. “And a little bit of arsenic mixed in duck glaze and mango sauce.”
“And don’t forget,” he said, pushing the blinking green button on the small contraption on top of his desk. “An old bottle of vinegar.” 
Looking down, they saw that the machine read, ‘negative.’ They laughed. 
“Now we can be together forever,” he said, turning, kissing the young lady on the lips.
“I couldn’t wait for that whore to get out of the way,” she said when she pulled her mouth away from his.
“Did Jimmy and Rafael play their parts as well?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said. “They burned so much brush on the edge of the property I was afraid they were going to set the whole estate on fire.” 
“I’ll call the ambulance,” he said. “You meet Jimmy and Rafael at the gate. Bring them up to speed. By the time the ambulance gets here, I want you all bereaving. Get it?”
“I get it,” she said, and then she headed out of the house. He reached for the phone as she closed the front door.


					#


	“It worked,” Norma Jean said to the two men sitting in the pickup at the gate. The license plate on the truck read ‘farm use.’
“Pay raises for everyone!” Jimmy, a middle aged man in the driver’s seat said, high fiving the younger man beside him- Rafael.  
Both were convicted felons, paid highly by Frank Masters for doing dirty deeds that they used to do dirt cheap. But he paid them well because part of their duty was keeping their redneck mouths shut, something that they hadn’t done too well in their previous jobs. Hence that whole ‘convicted’ thing they had going for them. 
“Yes!” Rafael said, getting out of the truck and making his way toward the guard shack. “I’m going to splash some water on my face and make it look like I’ve been weeping for my loss,” he said, laughing hard. 
“That’s a good idea,” Norma Jean said, racing into the shack behind him. 
“That’s too much,” Jimmy said, still in the truck. “Don’t overdo it.”
Norma Jean stood behind Rafael, who was leaning over in front of her, splashing water on his face from the sink of the small bathroom in the guard shack. As he stood and turned, the two of them locked their lips in a passionate kiss.
“Do you think he knows?” Rafael asked after pulling his lips away from hers, yet still holding her tightly around the waste.
“Not a clue,” she said with confidence in her voice. She attacked his mouth with hers again- another hard, passionate kiss. 
Unseen by either of them, the small, blinking red light of the security camera behind them kept time with the rhythm of their young, loving hearts. 





2

Squatters

Tagbilaran City, Bohol Island, Philippines



	He sipped his coffee, or the Nescafe instant that passed as coffee, with the sun rising behind him. Its rays glistened off the sea in front of him. It would have been the perfect view, coconut tree tops scattered throughout his line of site, if it were not for the squatter’s village between him and the sea. 
His apartment was on the fifth floor, top level of the building. This gave a bit of a reprieve from the view, as he only saw the tin roof tops of the shanties. Usually, smoke from their cooking fires clouded his view, but not this morning. He was up earlier than usual. The peasants living between him and the water would not return with their morning catch of fish- their breakfast- for another hour.  
There were times when he took enjoyment- cheap entertainment- from the village below. Like so many places in the world, including Washington D.C., the capital city of the country from which he had expatriated five years before, the poorest part of the community was often surrounded by wealth. Just outside the squatter’s village were many nice homes, like his apartment building, populated mostly by western men who had fled the rat race to settle here, in the land of beautiful brown ladies and low cost of living.
He enjoyed watching at times, the squatter’s children, sneaking out of the village with bags of garbage. They never knew he was above them looking down as they made sure the coast was clear, before completely trashed the yard of an unsuspecting “foreigner,” the name for anyone not Filipino. In their minds, there were only two countries on earth; the Philippines and ‘Foreign Land.’ Everyone from foreign land was rich. They had trees that grew money on them instead of leaves. Sure, they all had different accents, something the Filipinos attributed to the foreigners having grown up in different neighborhoods perhaps (like England, France, America, Australia- neighborhoods like that), but other than that, they were all the same. And everyone from ‘foreign land’ had the same name; Joe.
After dumping a bag of rubbish on “Joe’s” lot, the culprit would move up the street, while his friend came along ten minutes later, offering to clean up the mess in exchange for fifty pesos, a little more than one U.S. dollar. After getting the go ahead, and the money, he would clean the filth, then sneak around the corner and pollute the next foreigner’s yard. The original bandit would then come back, make the same offer of service, and thus it continued. ‘Leap frog littering’ is what he had started calling it some time ago.
	“You’re up early, honey,” his young, beautiful, Filipina wife Anna said, joining him on the balcony. She had a glass of mango juice in her hand.
	“Yeah,” he said, sipping his coffee. “I woke up for some reason and just couldn’t get back to sleep. I thought I’d have my coffee outside before it got too hot.”
	“We should go to the beach today,” she said. She wanted to go to the beach every day. She had grown up on the beach, in a similar squatter’s village to the one she now lived above; a life she’d left behind years ago after meeting the attractive American she now called her husband, or ‘asawa’ in her native tongue. Sure, he was nearly twice her age, which was common when local girls were involved with foreigners, but he was still attractive in spite of his years. Most importantly, he had given her a lifestyle that previously was nothing more than a fantasy. And in spite of the age gap, she did genuinely love him, and they both loved their two year old son. 
	“Sure, why not,” he said, still looking out across the water, and still working on blocking out the image of the slum beneath him. These squatter’s villages were a too common eye sour in an otherwise beautiful country. 
	“Damn it,” she said, rising. “The baby’s awake.”
He laughed to himself as she went, because when they’d met, she’d never cursed. Now she used the word damn as often as any other, whether in the correct context or not. She’d picked this word, among other easily spoken English words (easy because they were made up of only four letters) from him. Just another gift from America to the natives.  
He was about to join her, rising to follow, when something below caught his eye. He leaned over the balcony and peered straight down. A young Filipina girl, early twenties perhaps, (he could never tell- he and his foreigner friends often joked that anyone under thirty looked sixteen, and anyone over thirty looked sixty) was digging through the garbage cans. She took out plastic bottles and tin cans, placing them in a large burlap sack. A little boy roughly two years old stood beside her. 
	“God, that’s sad,” he said, mumbling to himself. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen her. He had noticed her before, different times of the day and at different places. Always digging through garbage, collecting recyclables. “I wish I could do something to help her.” He turned and went inside.
	
						#

	“What are you looking at?” Anna asked, noticing he kept looking back toward the village. She hid under her beach umbrella, the sun being too painful when shining directly on her jet black hair, or her coco brown skin. 
	“That girl,” he said, leaning over on one elbow, an uncomfortable position. “I see her all the time.”
	Anna turned, noticing the object of his attention, digging through the underbrush where the beach met the jungle. The girl picked up a plastic bottle and placed it in her sack.
	“She’s just a squatter, David. They are everywhere.”
	“I know,” he said, still looking, seeing the little boy tagging along. “She’s out here all hours of the day though. She must be burning up.”
	“Why do you care?” Anna asked, pulling her right foot in closer, the sun now peaking underneath the umbrella. “Do you think she is pretty?” She sounded jealous. 
	“Of course I think she’s pretty,” he said, being honest. He never tried to hide the fact that he found so many of the local girls absolutely gorgeous. He was of the opinion that the Philippines had more beautiful women per capita than any other country in the world. If they were under thirty, he’d always throw in as a disclaimer. He thought they didn’t age well, and he reckoned it was because of all the exposure to the sun and because so many of them had so many damn children. 
However, once he had met Anna a few years before, he had stopped taking advantage of the more sexually open culture, so different than anything he had ever experienced in the West. Translated, he stopped being a man whore, spending every other night with a young girl who looked and screwed like a porn star. 
“But you know you’re the most beautiful girl in the world and the only one for me,” he said, rolling toward her, kissing her. She knew he was loyal, but she never let her guard down, and it wasn’t because of him. It was because she knew how aggressive many of the other local girls could be when it came to snagging a ‘foreigner.’ It was a way out of an otherwise hellish life for them, but if some pretty young thing snagged her foreigner, back into hell she’d go, and she wasn’t about to have any of that. 
	“We should help her,” he said.
	“Why?” she asked, jealousy in her voice. “She is just a squatter.”
	“I can remember, once upon a time, when you were just a squatter. Look at how different life is for you now.”
	“You want to marry her too?” Anna asked, still jealous. “You want to be Muslim? Have many wives?”
	“Of course not, silly,” he said, laughing at her possessiveness. Sometimes, it did get old, but he could tolerate it today, as well as most days. “You know me. I like to help people.”
	“All foreigners are the same,” she said, looking at the water. “You think your way of life is best for everyone. Do you not think that if that is the only life she knows that it does not bother her? It is normal for her.”
	“So do you want to go back to your shanty in the province?” he asked.
	“Of course not!”
	“I didn’t think so,” he said, rising, taking up his bottle of water. He walked toward the girl, chugging the rest of its contents.
	“Kamusta ka?” he said, Tagalog for ‘hello, how are you?’
	“Ok,” she said, shock on her face. David could tell that she was not used to whites approaching her, especially talking to her. He knew that this was a country in which to most of his kind, her kind was invisible. 
	“What are you doing?” he asked, handing her his empty bottle. She took it and tossed it into her sack.
	“I am collecting for recycle,” she said, broken English.
	“How much do you get for that?” he asked, pointing at her sack. It was half full.
	“Five pesos per kilo,” she said. The amount was just over ten cents in U.S. currency. He felt his heart drop. “I sell every three days. I make three hundred pesos.”
	“So you make about a hundred pesos a day?” he asked, doing the conversion in his head. Two dollars and ten cents at the current exchange rate.
	“Yes,” she said. “It is so very hard work. It is so hot.”
	“Is this your son?” he asked, pointing to the boy.
	“That is my brother,” she said, smiling. The boy looked at her, not recognizing her words. English was her third language, Visayan and Tagalog being her first and second. The boy would not learn English until he went to school, if he went to school. The beauty of a free, public education system was something David had left behind in the states. Here in the Philippines, like in most places in the world, education was not free. He doubted the boy would ever see the inside of a classroom. 
	“How old are you?” he asked her, a confused look on his face.
	“Eighteen only,” she said. “Did you think I am older?”
	“I can never tell,” he said. “Everyone here under thirty looks sixteen.” He left out the part that he thought that everyone over thirty looked sixty.
	“Is that your wife?” she said, pointing behind him. He turned to see Anna glaring at them.
	“Yes,” he said, turning back to face her. “Don’t pay any attention to her. She gets jealous easy.”
	“Of course she does,” she said, smiling, looking back at the woman. “She is Filipina. We are all so very jealous.”
	“Yeah,” he said, agreeing with her. “I’ve accepted it though. Makes me feel wanted I guess.”
	“You have maid?” she asked.
	“No,” he said. “We have a baby sitter. She’s at home with our son now. He’s two years old. But Anna does all the cooking and cleaning and washes all the laundry.” And she did the laundry by hand, like 99% of the population, and she would NOT let him help her, because, she said it made her feel like she was taking care of her family when she did it. 
	“You need maid? I be your maid?” She was excited. She dropped the bag she’d been carrying by her feet. 
	“What is your name?” he asked.
	“Che Che,” she said, offering her small hand. 
He took it in his, and he noticed how filthy it was. “I’m David,” he said, acting as if he hadn’t noticed the grime. “Come meet my wife, Anna.”
“Honey, this is Che Che,” he said, introducing them. Anna rattled something off in Visayan. David knew not what she said, but figured it hadn’t been a friendly welcome, seeing Che Che put her head down, as if ashamed. “We should hire her to be our maid.”
“No,” Anna said, glaring at Che Che.
“We’ll talk about it at home,” he said, directing his comment toward Che Che.
“I go now,” Che Che said, taking the boy by the hand. He had followed them, eyes fixed in awe on the beach umbrella. She led him back to the edge of the jungle, taking up her sack of recyclables as she passed it and then moved into the banana and coconut trees and headed back toward the shanties. 

					#

“You cannot trust them,” Anna said over dinner. 
David could never understand how so many ninety five pound Filipinas could eat so much. Anna was on her fourth cup of rice. She didn’t have an ounce of fat on her body. Three months after giving birth to their son, she’d looked like a sixteen year old virgin. Where did all the damn rice go? 
“How can you say that?” he said, deciding against a second helping of rice himself. He had to force himself to eat it once a day. He really missed potatoes, and he bought them anytime they were available in the local market. “She’s one of your own people.”
“Why do you think I should be loyal to her because she is Filipina? Are you loyal to Shit Pants Bob, just because he’s American?”
“Shit Pants Bob,” he said, chuckling. The man, surely labelled a crazy Vietnam vet back home, was aptly nick named as he regularly shit his pants in public. It had become such the norm for him that he had given up going home to clean up and change years ago; long before David himself had come to the Philippines. “I guess you’re right.”
“She will steal everything from us. You should not let her know where we live.”
“Why don’t we give her a chance? She’s only eighteen. Maybe we can teach her. Help her eventually get a better job.”
“Eighteen?” Anna said, raising her voice and eyebrows in unison. “She tells you she is eighteen?”
“Yes.”
“Bah!” she said, Visayan for ‘bullshit.’ “She is older than me. At least thirty.”
“No way,” he said. “Her mother would be almost fifty then. That’s too old to have another kid. The boy is her little brother.”
“Bah!” she said again, louder. “The boy is her son!”
“Did she tell you that? She didn’t even speak to you.”
“She does not need to tell me. I know. You are ignorant foreigner.”
“Whatever,” he said, rising, taking his plate to the sink. “If my biggest sin is trying to help my fellow human being, then yes, I’m an ignorant foreigner.”

					#

“I wouldn’t do it,” Robert said in his heavy Londoners accent, taking a drink of ice cold, San Miguel Light beer. Robert had lived in the Philippines for the past twenty of his sixty five years. He was David’s ‘go to guy’ when it came to advice on life in the land of little brown beauties and low cost of living. “There was a string of break-ins about six months ago. The common factor was that everyone who got robbed had at one point had a squatter in their homes working for them.”
“So it was all inside jobs?” David asked, sipping a beer as well. As they sat on the balcony, they looked out, into darkness over the sea, the sun having set an hour before. The sky was clear, the view was tranquil. Moon beams danced on the water. Smoke from the squatter’s dinner fires rose in front of them.
“Yeah,” Robert said, turning to face his friend. “There were no signs of forced entry in any of the cases. I won’t tell you who to have in your home, and who not to, but I wouldn’t have her inside. You can’t bloody trust ‘em. If you want to help her, just give her five hundred pesos for a blow job every now and again.”
“No way, dude,” David said, and there was more than just a little disgust in his voice. “I don’t do that crap. That wouldn’t be helping her anyway. That would be taking advantage of her. Besides,” he said, having an afterthought. “If you wouldn’t let her in to clean, why would you let her in for sex?”
“You never bring them home for sex,” Robert said. “Have you forgotten? You take them to a short room.” He was referencing the many, cheap hotels all over the country that charged two hundred pesos (roughly $5) for a room for up to three hours of pure decadence. “Just think about it long and hard,” he said, placing his empty bottle by his feet. “I have to go. I met a pretty little thing earlier today. We’re having a few drinks tonight, and then I’ll be taking her to a short room.”
“Where’d you meet her?”
“At the Muslim market. While I was buying meat.”
“I hate that place,” David said, rising to walk back inside with his friend. “It stinks. All that half spoiled meat and fermented blood.” 
“What gets me,” Robert said, “is that any time a Christian goes to the Muslim market, he ends up getting Jewed.”
“Ironic huh?” David said, and they laughed together.  

					#

“I’ve decided, honey,” David said to Anna, shutting the apartment door as Robert left. “We’re going to help Che Che.”
“She’ll rob us blind,” Anna said, knowing she wouldn’t be able to talk David out of it. One of his American traits he’d not shed, along with his regular use of curse words, was his stubbornness. 
“We’ll test her. Early. That way if she’s going to rob us we’ll know up front and minimize the loss. We have to do something though.”

					#

Early the next morning, David watched for Che Che. Just as he finished his instant Nescafe he saw her. She made her way out of the shanties and began digging through the trashcans below his apartment. He quickly made his way inside, out the apartment door, and down the stairs.
When he got outside she was already gone. He glanced over just in time to see her making her way back into the squatter’s village. Reluctantly, he followed.
He had been in similar barangays (neighborhoods), but it had been awhile. He’d forgotten the stench, the filth, how dirty the water was that came from the community pump. As he made his way through the maze of dirt floored shacks he was quickly reminded.
People stared at him as he passed, as if he were crazy, or a ghost. Small children, some of whom may have never seen a white person before, ran and hid from him as he passed.
“Kamusta Ka, gwapa gamay lang,” (hello beautiful little girl) he said to a two year old girl, walking around on wobbly legs. She shrieked in terror and ran for her mother.
Half way through the village he spotted her; Che Che. She was emptying her sack, pouring its contents into a barrel half full of similar items. 
“Che Che,” he shouted through cupped hands. He made his way over to her, everyone in close proximity staring at him.
“Hello,” she said. “Why are you here?” He thought that she seemed nervous. 
“I have good news,” David said, smiling. “My wife and I have decided to hire you as our maid. We’ll pay you two hundred pesos a day and you can start today.”
His offered amount was the equivalent of five dollars, twice as much as the standard rate for a maid in the Philippines. He used to pay more for such services, and he used to tip well at restaurants, but he’d quickly learned that he was hurting the locals more than helping them when he did so. To him and his western friends, it seemed as if the natives had no concept of saving, or planning ahead (evidenced by all those babies), so when they had two day’s income in hand, they simply didn’t go to work for two days. In their minds, as David and other westerners saw it, why go to work? They had money? Unfortunately, when they did return to work, they were fired. 
“I ask my brother,” Che Che said, turning to face a man who appeared to be a few years older than her. He had been giving her a dirty look from the doorway of a shack.
“He’s your brother?” David asked, following her stare to the man’s face. He bore a thick scar under his left eye. As soon as the man noticed that David was looking at him, his face lit up with a big smile. 
“Hey, Joe!” he said, the standard greeting for whites.
“Hey, Jimmy,” David said, smiling back.
“My name is not Jimmy?” the man said, confused.
“My name’s not Joe.” He turned back to Che Che. “Ask him.”
She went to the man rattling off something in Visayan. He gave her a nod. She turned, smiling at David. “Let’s go,” she said.

					#

“Look,” David said to Anna, taking a five hundred pesos bill from his wallet. He slipped it into the pocket of the shorts he had worn the day before. He grabbed all the dirty clothes in the room, two more pairs of shorts and three tee-shirts, and he went outside where Che Che was doing laundry. 
“Here’s the rest of it,” he said, handing the dirty laundry to Che Che, hard at work on the balcony, washing the laundry by hand.
“Okay,” she said, not taking the time to look up. She was making a good impression. At least on David.
“Now you see,” Anna said as David returned. “It is good that you learn quickly.”
“If you’re right, then you’re right. I’ll just write it off to my naivety again.”
“David,” Che Che said, walking through the door as he and Anna were sitting to breakfast only five minutes later. “I find this in your shorts.” She handed him the money.
“I always forget to check my pockets,” he said, rolling his eyes. “Thank you, Che Che.”
Anna gave her a cold stare. She felt as if the girl had known she was being set up.
“I found this in your pocket, Anna,” Che Che said, handing Anna a bracelet.
“Thanks,” Anna said, looking down at the jewelry, her jaw dropping. This had not been a test. She had mistakenly left the bracelet in her pocket. Had Che Che wanted to take it she could have. Anna would not have realized it was missing for days
“I finish now,” Che Che said, going back outside and shutting the door behind her.
“See?” David said with a smile on his face. 
“We will see in time,” Anna said.

					#

Che Che handed Robert another beer then bent over and picked up his empty bottle. She turned in time to catch him staring at her ass. He didn’t look away. He smiled. She smiled back then quickly went back in the apartment.
“She’s quite sexy,” he said.
“Aren’t they all?” David said, chuckling. 
“Yeah, until they hit thirty. Then somehow they turn instantly gruesome.”
“I know, right?” David said. “I’ve always found that strange. When they’re young, they are so beautiful. They don’t seem to age well though.”
“We’ve been through this before. It’s from having fifteen kids and spending all those years in the sun,” Robert said, taking a sip from his beer. “You won’t have to worry about that with Anna. As long as you don’t have any more babies and you keep her inside.”
“Trust me. She keeps herself out of the sun. You know how they don’t like to be darker than they already are. I can’t understand that. We pay good money for tanning in our countries, yet here, they want to be white, using creams and taking pills to lighten their complexions.”
“If I were you, I’d be paying her for extra services, if you know what I mean.” Robert was thinking more about Che Che now, and her ass, than he was his friend’s wife, though he never hesitated to take a sneak peak at Anna’s ass when he knew he could get away with it. 
“I know what you mean. But I’m not interested.” David wasn’t being completely honest. The thought had crossed his mind. At times, he had tested the waters, flirting with Che Che. He’d found the waters to be warm as she’d always reciprocated the attentions. 
“So how’s she working out anyway?”
“Great,” David said, his voice full of confidence. “She’s been here for a month now, and we’re missing nothing. I even gave her my bank card and the pin and sent her to the ATM last week. I checked my account online afterward and sure enough, she only took out what I had instructed her to take.”
“Does Anna know you did that?”
“Of course not. She’d be pissed. You know how jealous they are.”
“And that’s exactly why I won’t settle for just one. Besides, there are too many of them to choose from. So I choose them all,” Robert said, another sip mixed with a chuckle. “I was talking to my police friend Angel the other day. He told me the majority of the crime in the city is committed by the squatters. Most of them don’t exist. They have no identification; there aren’t even any records of most of their births.”
	“Isn’t that sad?” David said, thinking about it.
	“It’s quite scary if you ask me.”
	“I gotta piss,” David said, rising. “I’ll be right back.”
	While walking back toward the balcony after going to the bathroom, David saw Robert and Che Che talking. Robert had handed her something. She stuck it in her pocket then quickly hurried back inside. David knew it was money. Robert always carried too much cash. He preferred to do so in order to avoid having his bank cards stolen by stopping by the ATM too often. It was a cold hard fact of life as a white foreigner in Southeast Asia. You could never be too careful, but carrying too much cash wasn’t a much safer option than stopping by an ATM machine at night, or at the same one on the same day at the same time. You had to go out of your way to vary your habits, and never form patters. 
	“Don’t tell me you just did what I think you did,” David said, sitting down beside his friend. David knew part of Robert’s style was to give a little cash up front, before services rendered. It made them come running when he called them. 
	“Why not?” he said. “She’s sexy.”
	“How much did you give her?”
	“Five hundred pesos. I put her number in my cell phone. I told her to show up when I text her.”
	“Where?”
	“One of the short rooms,” he said. “I hope it’s ok.”
	“Hey, that’s between you and her. Just keep me out of it.”
	“I’ll let you know if it’s any good,” Robert said. “You might want to hit it too?”
	“No thanks,” David said. “She’s hot. But why would I go out for chicken when I have steak at home?”
	“Keep telling yourself that,” Robert said. 
	
						#

	“That’s strange,” David said, his call to Robert going unanswered again.
	“What?” Anna asked, scooping the flesh of a mango away from the peel with a table spoon. She plopped the sweet fruit into her mouth and began digging again for the next bite.
	“I haven’t been able to get in touch which Robert for a few days.”
	“Maybe he went to England?”
	“No,” David said, scratching his head. “He always lets me know when he’s going.”
	A knock came at the door.
	“That must be Che Che,” he said, walking through the apartment. “Angel?” he said, seeing the policeman at the door.
	“Can I come in?”
	“Sure, come on in,” David said, standing to the side and motioning the officer in.
	“I have bad news about Robert,” the officer said, wasting no time in getting to the point of his visit.
	“What is it?” David asked. Anna stopped digging at the mango, and looked up.
	“He’s dead.”
	“Wha…?” David said. “What happened?”
	“They found his body last night. In a short room at the Bohol Hotel. He’d been dead for a couple days. Stabbed. His wallet was missing.”
	“Oh my God,” David said, taking a seat on the couch.
	“Do you know if he’d had a falling out with anyone lately?” Angel asked, sitting in a chair across from him. 
	“No,” David said. “He knew that we, as foreigners, have no rights here. He always went out of his way to avoid trouble. He knew he’d get blamed even if it wasn’t his fault.”
	“Well,” Angel said. “We know he liked girls. Maybe he just ended up getting one with a jealous husband.” 
Most of the prostitutes in the Philippines were married. Their husbands didn’t mind their wives choice of profession and would even pimp them out. It gave them more money for cheap, Red Horse beer or Tanduay ‘rot gut’ Rum. However, some of them did get upset if their wives were giving up the goods to white men. They knew that with the natives, it was all business, most of the time. But with white foreigners, they ran the risk of their wives leaving them for a much better lifestyle that they could ever afford to give them themselves. 
“We’re investigating all leads,” Angel said. David knew, that in American, this translated to, ‘we have nothing to go on and therefore won’t be going farther. “His children in England have ordered the body shipped. Perhaps you’d like to have a service of sorts for him here?”
“Yeah,” David said, still in shock. “I’ll throw something together. We’ll all drink in his honor tomorrow night.”
“He would have liked that,” Angel said, rising to leave. “I’m sorry about this.”
David walked Angel to the door, opening it just in time to meet Che Che coming to work. David had a sudden flash of insight. Or was it memory? He saw the replay of Robert giving her money for her number.
“Bye, Angel,” David said, closing the door behind the officer, choosing to say nothing about the thought that had just raced through his mind.
“Oh my God,” Anna said, walking over to David, completely ignoring Che Che. “I can’t believe it.”
Che Che went straight to the balcony and began doing laundry.
“Che Che,” David said, stepping out onto the balcony ten minutes later. “Have you heard from Robert? Have you seen him?”
“No,” she said, head down. She was focused on her chores.
“I know he gave you money and took your number,” he said, leaning down beside her, whispering. “It’s ok. I know so many girls here do it because they need the money. Did you meet with him?”
“No,” she said again, tone smooth, cool. 
“Well, he’s dead.”
“Robert is dead?” she said, looking up. The genuine look of concern on her face made David feel as if she knew nothing. He diverted his eyes from hers, feeling guilty that he had ever thought that she may have had something to do with Robert’s murder. He couldn’t help noticing that her blouse, hanging loosely as it was, revealed her breasts. 
Oh my God, he thought. How can you be thinking about tits at a time like this?
He looked up again. Her eyes met his. She knew he had snuck a peek. She smiled, pulling her blouse down more as if to say, ‘don’t stop. Take another look.’

					#

“Here’s to Robert,” Australian Al said, raising a toast. Cold San Miguel Light all around. It had been Robert’s favorite. “And the more than one thousand hotties he slammed while he was among the living!”
The dozen or so foreigners sitting around the table laughed. They all knew Robert had been a man whore. They were surprised he had not died of AIDS. At any rate, his sex addiction had gotten him killed in the end. 
“To Robert!” Bob, the shitty pants, shit faced, crazy American said. “The only guy who didn’t bitch at me for shitting my pants in public!”
They had been drinking to Robert’s memory for three hours, they were all drunk, and still they drank more. 
“So I think it’s time for me to head home,” David said, taking a couple thousand pesos out of his wallet ($45) and throwing it on the table. “That’ll more than cover my share.”
“Gotta get home to the little brown beauty and the baby, huh?” Shit Pants Bob said.
“No,” David said, turning his head a little to the left, trying to avoid the odor. “She took the baby to visit her parents in their province. It’s a three hour bus ride away. I’m going home to get some sleep. No little visitor in the middle of the night coming to get in bed. Might sleep the whole night through for the first time in a couple years.”
“You should swing by Hot Legs and get a girl,” Bob said, referencing one of the most popular spots for pick up girls in the area. Hot Legs- a bar with a stage filled with the hottest women on earth and all of $30 U.S. could get you one for the whole night. 
“No thanks,” David said. He turned and left and went out onto the street and hailed a cab. He usually took the jeepnies to save fair, but he was drunk and knew he’d have to take a beer piss soon. He was willing to pay a premium to get home twenty minutes quicker. The jeepnies, the main form of public transportation in the country, were always stopping to pick people up or drop people off. He didn’t want to wait. 
As the cab passed through the streets and the sea of humanity which filled them, David’s eyes wondered as he looked at the crowds. He was always amazed at the number of people. There was a full one third as many people in the country as there was in the States, all living on a total land mass only the size of the state of California.
Before long his eyes were scanning all of the beautiful young Filipina ladies. He usually didn’t look, but he usually wasn’t drunk. And he usually didn’t have a night to himself, all alone. 
“Eighty Five pesos, sir,” the driver said, pulling up in front of his apartment building moments later. Time flies when you’re having fun and checking out the chicks, David thought. He handed the driver a one hundred pesos bill and told him to keep the change.
“Thanks Joe,” the driver said, 
“You’re welcome, Jimmy,” David said, shutting the door as the driver was in mid-sentence, saying something about how his name wasn’t Jimmy. 
David went upstairs, grabbed a beer from the fridge, and went to the balcony. He stared out across the scene; shadows of coconut trees, smoke that he knew was white but appeared black in the darkness, and the Philippine Sea, moon beams dancing on the water.
“I need a girl,” he said aloud, remembering the scenery from the ride home. He turned his bottle up, chugged its contents and then put the empty bottle beside his feet. “And I know just the one.”
He made his way outside and around the back of his apartment complex, entering the squatter’s village, a man on the prowl. He felt safer here in the darkness of night. No one would be able to tell he was white until they were right up on him, allowing him to move through the maze of filth quicker and safer. 
“Che Che,” he said, finding the object of his desire. She was with her brothers, outside eating rice and fish by a fire. 
“Hi David,” she said, looking up, chewing a fish’s eyeball out of its skull with her front teeth.
“I have some extra work for you. If you can do it.”
“I come with you,” she said, her sexy smile evidence of the fact that she knew what he really wanted. Her older brother shot her a nasty look.
“Hey, Jimmy,” David said, and not very friendly.
David and Che Che left the village together. Che Che had to work her short legs double time to keep up with David. He was in a hurry. He knew what he wanted and he wanted it now.
“We take shower together,” she said once they got back to David’s apartment.
 “Okay,” he said. “Foreplay.” He picked her up and carried her to the master bedroom and all but ripped her clothes off of her. “Let’s get you all cleaned up so we can be dirty,” he said, laughing. He carried her into the bathroom adjoining the bedroom and turned on the water. He nudged her into the shower, stripped down himself and then joined her. 
Though he was excited, and ready to get it on, he took his time lathering her back with soap. He was extra patient when he rubbed the soap across her ass, perfect bubble butt, he thought, as he cupped it with both hands. She turned her face and kissed him while he stood behind her, now gripping her ass tighter. He attempted to slip it in from behind.
“Not yet,” she said, reaching down, grabbing his throbbing manhood. “Oh my God!” She said. “It is true what they say about foreigner. So big!”
“And it’s all yours tonight!”
“You wait me here,” she said, stepping out of the shower. She grabbed a towel and wrapped it around herself. “I tell you when to come out. I want this to be perfect.”
“Okay,” he said. “Just don’t take too long.”
She left the bathroom, closing the door behind her. David fought the urge to finish himself off in her absence. He was all worked up, but he wanted to expend his entire load on the hot, eighteen year old Filipina girl from the squatter’s village. 
“I’m ready,” he heard her say from the other side of the door. It hadn’t been long since she’d left, maybe a minute. But it felt so much longer than that to him. He got out of the shower, did a quick once over with a towel and dropped it on the floor and then opened the door.
“Jimmy!” he said, the sight of Che Che’s older brother on the other side of the door.
“Hey Joe!” he said, a twisted grin on his face, and then he shoved a knife into David’s stomach. David bent over in pain, blood gushing from the searing wound. The man pulled the knife out and stabbed David in the back, over and over, and the blade punctured his lungs. 
David lay on the floor in a pool of his own blood. He looked up, seeing images come and go- black then white. Black and then white again.
“I’ve got it!” Che Che said, pulling an ATM card out of David’s wallet. “He keeps more than two hundred thousand pesos in this acccount!”
“Let’s go Che!” the man said, walking over to kiss her on the lips, handing her her shirt as he did. “It’s early! We work more!”
David was fading fast, and the burning pain he’d felt a moment before had disappeared. It had been replaced with cold. His whole body felt so cold. 
“Ignorant foreigner,” Che Che said, leaning into David’s face. “You always judge us. We don’t want your help!”
“Come on, Che,” the other man said.
“Jimmy is my husband,” she said to David. “The boy our son, Joe!” she spit in his face and then rose to her feet. As she did her cell phone beeped. She had received a text. 
“Who is it?” her husband asked.
She held the phone close to her face. “Shit Pants Bob! He want blow job.”
“Let’s go,” her husband said, heading out of the room. Che Che followed. The sight of her leaving was the last thing David saw before entering total blackness. No smoke, no coconut trees, and no moon beams dancing on the sea. Just blackness. 







3

Witches of Methville



	“Hi Susan,” the old man said, tipping his top hat to the young lady in her early twenties passing him on the side walk. She walked by as if he wasn’t there, sniffling as if pestered by an unseen allergen. Truth being, her sniffles were a sign of her addiction. Her face was pale, boney and gaunt- her eyes sunken. Her once flowing, long blond hair was now a rat’s nest. What had been the homecoming queen of her senior class five years before was now zombie like; the walking dead. 
	“Oh God, Susan. Not you too,” he said, turning to watch her pass, taking the handkerchief from his hip pocket. He wiped the sweet from his brow, brought about by the humid July evening.  The girl continued down the sidewalk, completely unaware of her surroundings. He doubted she knew the time of day, the day of the week, or what world she was in. He knew she had two babies, three years and one year old, somewhere. Was anyone with them?
	The old man continued walking, into the sunset, the city hall of the small town of Mettsville, Kentucky his destination. 
	“Bob,” his friend Dan, Mettsville’s mayor said, as the old man entered the small office in city hall.  “I’m glad you could come on such short notice.”
	“No problem, Dan. I’m ninety one years old, and this is Mettsville. It’s not like I had other, pressing issues to attend to. The only things I attend much at all anymore are friend’s funerals.” 
He took off his top hat, placing it on his lap as he sat on the other side of the mayor’s desk.  Though quite hot here in southern Kentucky during the summer months, he wore his hat any time he went out.  It was a custom he had gotten used to when he was a younger man in simpler times. “So what can I do ya for?”
	“We had our monthly city council meeting last night,” the mayor said, adjusting position in his chair. “Things aren’t good.”
	“Ah,” said Bob, reaching into his chest pocket, pulling out his check book. “So you need more money?” 
Bob had owned and operated the largest coal mine in southern Kentucky before he retired twenty years before. When he had decided to stop working, he had sold the mine, and he had gotten the equivalency of most third world countries total GDP for it. 
People wondered why he simply hadn’t retained ownership of the mine, live off of the profits, or pass the mine on to his son who had been living on the west coast for the past twenty years. Since he single handedly kept the town of Mettsville afloat with his personal wealth during hard times, few people asked any questions.
“No Bob,” the mayor, early sixties, said. “It’s bigger than that.”
“Do tell,” Bob said, leaning back, becoming more comfortable in his seat. 
“Look.” The mayor said, spreading his arms body width, jazz hands. “We’ve lost two more small businesses. People are tired of the break-ins. They can’t afford the losses.”
“More business break-ins?” Bob said, eyes wide. “I thought the trash was pretty much sticking to robbing us old people on medication these days. Digging through trash cans for prescription bottles so they’d know who to hit.” 
“Oh, there’s still plenty of that,” Dan said, putting his hands on his knees and his head down. “It’s gotten so out of control. No one’s safe. The worst part is what this crap is doing to our young people here in Mettsville. Hell, they call us ‘Methville’ anymore in most places around the state.”
The mayor stood up and walked to a shelf behind his old friend. Bob turned to watch as Dan took a picture of the graduating class from Mettsville High School twenty years before off of the shelf. Dan’s son had graduated third in the class. 
“There are one hundred and twenty kids in this picture, Bob. I can go through the faces and point out twenty teachers, six lawyers, four doctors, nearly three dozen business owners- even an actor.”
“Yeah,” Bob said, a smile tugging at one corner of his mouth. “Bill and Karen’s kid. I saw his last movie. Have you seen that singer he married?”
“Yeah,” Dan said, putting the picture back on the shelf, taking up another. “Billy J. told me he’d introduce me to her if he ever brought her here.”
Dan made his way back to his chair at his desk, looking at the picture he’d taken from the shelf. 
“This is the graduating class from five years ago,” he said, turning it so Bob could see. “There are only sixty kids in this picture. The town’s population has suffered so much because of the economy. And we can directly attribute the economy’s decline to this drug problem.”
“Yeah, I’ve been here most of my life,” Bob said. “We’ve had tough times before, but we’ve always made it through. This mess- this pill problem and meth non-sense. It’s killed us.”
“Out of these sixty kids,” Dan said, turning the picture around, “I can only pick out three that I know who have finished college. Twice as many as that are already dead. Twice that amount are in jail.”
Bob rose from his seat and walked over to Dan’s desk. Peering over his shoulder at the picture, he found a beautiful blond girl and tapped her head with the end of his index finger. 
“I just saw Susan here on the street on my way down,” he said. “I’ve known this girl her whole life. She grew up right across the street from me. She always won all the beauty pageants in the county. She’s a druggie now. Moved back in with her folks a year or so ago.”
“Worse than that,” Dan said, turning to look up at his friend. “For twenty five dollars she’ll rent you her body for any purpose you desire. All so she can get her next fix.”
“You’re kidding me!” Bob said, disgusted. He walked back to his seat. He sat silently, as did Dan for several minutes, both men deep in thought.
“So what are we going to do about it, Dan?”
“That brings me to why I called you here Bob. Is your grandmother and her sisters still alive?”
“No,” Bob said.
“They’re dead?”
“No. They’re not dead. They’re still very much alive. What I mean is, no, we can’t go that route.”
“It’s the only avenue we have left Bob. Even my police force will do nothing. The handful of doctors left in the county, the very ones handing out these pain pills, have paid the cops off to look the other way. And I have reason to believe a couple of the cops, including the chief, are blackmailing some of the druggies for sex.
“It’s the only remaining auto-dealership that’s bringing the rest of the garbage in from all across the eastern seaboard. Hell, it doesn’t take a genius to see that every morning they take out the exact same cars they trucked in the day before. They haven’t taken a car off a carrier in a year. All they do is change the tires. That’s where they’re hiding the drugs. They take their meth and pills and other garbage out before sending the truck back for another load. 
“I can’t even begin to tell you how many meth labs are within a five minute walk of here. The state troopers took dogs into the high school last month to sniff lockers and had nine lockers turn up positive, just from the scent of the labs on the kid’s backpacks and jackets! That’s the home life so many of them go home to every day.”
“You remember what happened the last time we went to my grandmother and great aunts for help, Dan.” Bob looked up with his eyes only, his head still down. It was an ominous look that matched the tone of his voice.
“We weren’t specific enough with them that time,” Dan said. “We just told them that the largest bumper crop of marijuana was due to mature in a month and it would destroy the town.” 
“And they destroyed the town instead, killing nearly a dozen people in the flood.”
“Oh, they didn’t cause the dam to break! That’s Crazy,” Dan said, referring to the former earthen dam that had blocked the river ten miles above the small, secluded, Appalachian town- providing its water shed. “It wasn’t a strong structure. It had rained so much that spring, hence the success of the marijuana farmers. The dam simply wasn’t constructed to hold that much water. It was old and should’ve been replaced a generation before anyway. It was all merely a coincidence.”
“It was no coincidence,” Bob said, his head now rising, his voice lowering. “They have a sick, twisted sense of humor. You always have to be careful what you ask for with them because you’ll always get it. It’s been twenty years since that flood. People are still reeling from loses.”
“Minus the deaths,” Dan said, his right hand waving in the air as if he were trying to erase Bob’s thoughts, “look at the good it did. The marijuana crops were destroyed. The governor declared a state of emergency. We even got federal money for it. We got new buildings, new streets and sidewalks; even two new schools. Not to mention a new, state of the art dam. People had jobs due to the reconstruction. Hell, if I remember, you got a couple ‘pity contracts’ from the state that made you an even richer man by the time you retired.”
“Are you willing to live with the fallout of our actions if we call on them?” Bob said, his voice now higher and one eyebrow raised. 
	“Yes,” Dan said. “Besides, no one will know we’ve gone. They’re just the subject of an old, local wives tale anyway. But still, we won’t tell anybody.”
	“If you can live with your conscience, then I’ll take you to them. We’ll ask them for help.”
	“Can we go tomorrow? Do you get up early?” Dan was excited.
	“Of course I do,” Bob said. “I’m ninety one years old. I rise with the sun to make sure it’s not the bright light at the end of some tunnel.”
	“Great,” Dan said, rushing over to shake Bob’s hand. “I’ll pick you up at 6:00 a.m.”

						#

	“You know this old woman isn’t really my grandmother, don’t you?” Bob said, riding shotgun in Dan’s old four wheel drive Ford. It was the ‘beater’ he used for such purposes; driving into rough, secluded sections of the surrounding Appalachian forest, be it to hunt, fish, or camp with the grandkids. “Her sisters are not my great aunts.”
	“Common sense would lead you to that,” Dan said, just before taking a sip from his coffee, fresh and hot from the Seven Eleven. “I always just assumed they were family friends who took care of you when your parents died. There’s no way they could be two generations ahead of you. That would make them a hundred and fifty years old. They’re not a hundred and fifty years old.”
	“No, they aren’t,” Bob said, sipping his coffee as well. The truck left the hard top, traveling now on a graveled county road. 
	“So how old are they?” Dan said, placing his coffee cup in the console of the old Ford. “A little older than you?”
	“No,” Bob said, slowly taking another sip from his cup, a pause for effect. “They’re three hundred and fifty years old.”
	The truck bounced hard. Dan missed swerving around a large pot hole, having looked to his right as his friend had spoken.
	“Why don’t you watch where you’re going,” Bob said, still looking straight ahead through the windshield. “These old bones’ve grown soft.”
	“Did you just say they were three hundred and fifty years old?”
	“Yup.”
	“Are you senile?”
	“A little I guess. Who isn’t at my age?”
	“Ok,” Dan said, facing forward. “That explains it.”
	“Explains what?” Bob said, now looking at Dan.
	“Seriously. How old are they really?”
	“My mental health or lack thereof has nothing to do with their ages. The old hags are at least three hundred and fifty years old. Hell, they might be older.”
	“What are you talking about, Bob?”
	“Listen,” Bob said as the truck left the gravelled county road for a dirt path heading up a steep hill. The road was barely more than a deer trail. Dan locked in the truck’s four wheel drive as he began the ascent. “They’re of no relation to me whatsoever. And trust me- they’re no friends of anyone.”
	“But that’s the story I always heard. When your father and mother were killed somehow during the great depression, one of their friends and her sisters took you in to raise as their own.”
	“Maybe I should fill in the holes of the stories you’ve heard about me and these women before we get there. You might just change your mind about all this and decide to turn around.”
	“What?” Dan said, maneuvering the old truck through the trail, unnecessarily ducking his head as limbs scratched the top of the cab. “What story?”
	“My father drank too much. My mother came to the old women pleading for help. She’d heard about them from someone who claimed they’d cured her husband of the same malady a generation before. I suppose they were the subject of an old wives tale back then as well. They were old then too by the way.”
	“Seriously?” Dan said, slowing down to fjord a small stream. “So they were thought of as Shaman? Witch doctors?”
	“Witches, more like it,” Bob said, grabbing the ‘Oh my God’ handle above the inside of the truck’s window, supporting himself as the truck bounced on the rocks on the bottom of the stream. “Listen for their New England accents when we talk to them. I believe they fled south during the witch trials.” 
“So, why did your mother go to them if there was a possibility that they were witches? She must have had her suspicions? Her fears?”
“She was at her wit’s end. She’d heard they could help. They told her that they would make sure my father never drank again. The condition was that if anything ever happened to both her and my father, that they could have me as their own.”
	“So what happened?” Dan said, making a sharp turn at the top of the mountain, now driving downhill, into a steep hollow.
	“You’re not gonna believe this,” Bob said, looking out the side window again, and water that had been splashed there from the stream they’d crossed was streaking down the window. It looked like the strands of a spider’s web.
	“I’m sort of having a hard time believing any of this, Bob.”
	“It was January 16’th, 1920. Does that date ring a bell to you? It should. You’re a politician.”
	“No?” Dan said.
	“The next day, January 17’th, 1920, prohibition started in the U.S.”
	“No way!” Dan said, looking over to Bob again, missing a rock in the road, another bump. Bob reached for the “Oh my God” handle again, wincing. 
	“So that’s why your father never drank again. Prohibition. He couldn’t buy it.”
	“It isn’t that simple, Dan,” Bob said, his eyes glazing over with memory. “A few days after the country went dry, my father heard about the speak easies that were popping up everywhere. He’d found out where one was and stormed off one night for a drink. My mother chased after him. They got in the door of the place just before the Feds.”
	“What happened?” Dan asked, paying attention to the road again, though completely engrossed in his friend’s story. 
	“Shots were fired. My parents were killed. They were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Oh, and in violation of federal law, so nothing was ever done about their deaths.”
	“So the old women got you?”
	“Yes,” Bob said, looking out the window to his right, the area becoming more familiar to him now as they neared their destination. It was a place he had spent many years during his youth, but to which he had rarely returned as an adult in spite of all the years that had passed. 
	“I’ve never heard this story in all my years in Mettsville,” Dan said. “All sixty eight of ‘em, minus the four I was away in college and four in the army during Nam.”
	“I’ve never told anyone,” Bob said. “I mean the truth about the old women that is. Everyone knew they raised me, but like you, everyone just assumed they were friends of the family. I just let people think that.”
	“So what was it like? Growing up with witches?”
	 “Look at that,” Bob said, pointing through the windshield. A hen turkey and six half grown chicks were making their way across the trail ahead of them. “I stayed gone a lot. The older I got the more I was gone. 
“I ran away from home at sixteen. I lied to the government about my age and joined the army. War had already broken out again in Europe. I guess our rich Uncle Sam knew it was just a matter of time before we’d get involved. They didn’t mind taking me and many others who were nothing more than boys who had just started shaving. They were thankful they did a few years later when we joined in on the war. I thought for sure I’d end up in France. But I ended up in the south Pacific.” 
	“But you came back,” Dan said, slowly easing forward again, now that the small flock of birds had passed. “Why?”
	“I was grown,” Bob said, his voice confident. “I had some money in my pocket. Besides, the government started the G.I. Bill. You could either go to college or be given land. I took the land and started my coal mine.”
	“So they must have helped you in some way?” Dan said. “Are they responsible for your success in business?”
	“Unfortunately, they are.”
	“How so?”
	“I went to them when I wasn’t making a dime. I was thinking about selling out. I was so far in debt I would have never amounted to anything. I asked them to fix my business. They did. But they did it their way.”
	 “I heard you got a big break somehow after the disaster in the early fifties that killed nearly fifty men. Is that when you went to them for help?”
	“I went before that,” Bob said, resting his head in his hand, painful memories rushing through his head. “The disaster WAS the break.”
	“I don’t follow you, Bob?”
	“We were digging and digging and only hitting small veins,” he said, shaking his head, which was still in his hand. “We were extracting coal, but at a loss. I went to them and asked if they’d allow us to hit a mother lode.”
	“And?”
	“And when the mine caved in, killing all the men, it left literally half the mountain exposed. That half just happened to be nothing but coal just below the ground’s surface. That single deposit made me a millionaire over the next two months! And that’s nineteen fifties money! A million dollars was a lot more back then than it is now. The collapse opened a world of wealth to me but claimed the lives of the best men I’d been in company with since the war.”
	A moment of silence passed. Bob looked at his friend. Dan still faced forward, not as much focusing on the road as allowing the story sink in.
	“It’s why I sold the mines, Dan. I know every dollar I ever made after that was nothing but blood money. I was not gonna pass that evil on to my son.”
	The truck slowed at the bottom of the hollow. One last ascent remained; half a mile straight to the top. The three sisters lived on the next flat, just out of sight of where Bob and Dan now were. 
	The men stared ahead of them, up the hill. All the trees from this point on where not only dead, but appeared as if they had been destroyed by fire. However, there had not been a forest fire on this mountain in recorded history. A deer’s skull hung from a tree limb in the middle of the trail; one antler with six tines, the other missing. 
Dark clouds covered the sun on what had been an otherwise beautiful summer morning. Though it had begun to be another hot, muggy July day, the temperature seemed to have dropped by more than ten degrees since leaving town. Bob knew there was more to attribute to this fact than the shade of the forest. 
	“It’s not too late to change our minds,” Bob said, looking over at his friend. Dan’s face was stoic. 
	“We have to do something,” Dan said, turning to face Bob. “I have grandkids at Mettsville High. I want them to know the town we knew. Not the one it is now.”
	“They won’t be happy to see me,” Bob said. “They think I’ve been ungrateful for rarely coming by.”
	“Are we in danger?”
	“They won’t hurt us here,” Bob said. “They don’t want the attention. But like I told you last night, we need to be prepared to accept responsibility for anything that happens.”
	Both men stared straight ahead, the deer skull swaying in a light breeze. The breeze brought with it the stench of death. Perhaps rotting animal corpses close by- perhaps something else. 
	The truck slowly moved forward, beginning the final climb.

						#

	“The child returns,” the hideously ugly, humped back woman said, her eyes white with blindness.
	“We knew he would,” said another equally ugly woman beside her. They sat at a small table in the center of a stone cabin, hand built only God knew when. 
The cabin was sparse, containing only the table with three chairs, a large mattress on one side of the twelve feet by twelve feet room with a small shelf with assorted knickknacks beside it, and a large fireplace on the other. The fireplace contained a grill and a kettle. It kept the house warm and allowed the women to prepare their meals. A backup coal stove sat against a third wall, its vent pipe installed to join the fireplace’s chimney halfway up. 
	“There’s my so called grandmother,” Bob said, pointing at the old lady in front of the cabin. She appeared to be pulling guard for the other two. 
	“It looks like she’s been waiting on us,” Dan said, a whisper.
	“She has been,” Bob said, grabbing the handle of the door as Dan put the truck in park and killed the engine.
	“To what do we owe the honor, boy?” the old lady said, approaching Bob. She was petite, five feet tall and ninety pounds at most. She was slightly bent over, though not as bad as her blind sister. Dan could indeed hear the lazy “r” at the end of the word “honor;” evidence of her New England heritage.
	“We need your help, Grandmother.”
	“Ah ha ha ha ha,” she laughed, throwing her head back. Bob caught Dan shuddering out of the corner of his eye- chills running down the mayor’s spine- as he heard what he knew, beyond the shadow of a doubt, to be a real witch’s cackle. 
	The women were all here now, and they circled around the two men like a pack of wild beasts surrounding their prey.
	“You only come when you need help, boy!” the blind woman said, bitterness in her voice.
	“I’m sorry,” Bob said, putting his head down- the scars of the child being scolded by the women returning to the surface as if they had not been buried by so many years of absence. 
	“Yes you are!” the original woman to greet them said. “You sold our coal!”
	“That was a long time ago, Ma’am,” Dan said, leaning forward as if he were going to take a step. Too afraid to do so, he rested on his heels again. 
	“Shut your mouth, politician!” the woman said, spit spewing from the sides of her mouth. She raised a gnarled finger, pointed it in his direction, but did not look at him. 
	“How can we help you, dear boy?” the lady who had led her blind sister out of the cabin said, walking up to Bob, taking his hand in hers. Her hand was as cold as death. 
	“Our town has been overrun by drugs and drug addicts,” Bob said, knowing the old lady was playing ‘good witch.’ “We need help cleaning the place up.”
	“Drugs?” said the blind lady, stepping forward as if she could see. Dan’s eyes grew wide, thoughts in his head telling him she could see, just in a different way than he did. As if she needed not her eyes.  “What kind of drugs?”
	“Mostly meth,” Dan said, the blind woman’s head snapping quickly in his direction, giving him another chill. “It’s known as poor white trash’s cocaine.”
	“Meth? Cocaine?” the blind woman said. “We don’t know this.”
	“It’s like white powder,” Dan said, feeling a bit more comfortable. “People snort it up their noses. They melt it down and inject it into their veins. Some of them smoke it.”
	“So this white powder has destroyed your town has it, boy?” the ‘good’ witch said, looking Bob in the eye.
	“Yes Ma’am,” he said, looking at her uneasily. “That and prescription medications. Pain pills.”
	“What do you expect us to do about it?” asked the one who had greeted them, picking at a hairy mole on the back of her hand as if disinterested in the conversation.
	“We want you to make it stop,” Dan said, jumping in for Bob. “Just make it go away.”
	“We need something in return,” she said, looking up from her gnarled, wart and mole covered hands. 
	“Anything!” Dan said without thinking. The three women looked at each other, cackling in unison at the man’s naivety. Bob threw him an angry look. Dan shrugged his shoulders as if to say sorry.
	“We want our coal back!” the blind lady said, barking the command like an army drill sergeant. The other two stopped laughing when she did this, and they replaced the previously friendly looks on their faces with ones as stern as hers.
	“What?” Dan said, confused. “How do we get your coal back?”
	“We want the entire town’s coal!” the blind woman said. “Every house on every street! Get their coal and bring it to us! We gave that to you boy!” she said, now facing Bob’s direction. “We didn’t give it to you to sell out to another man for his business! We want it back!”
	“Let me get this straight,” Dan said, his speech slow. “You want us to go around, collect all the coal from anyone in town that has any, bring it to you and you’ll solve our drug problem?”
	“Yes,” the ‘good witch’ said, dropping Bob’s hand, walking over and taking Dan’s. He thought her smile was warm, but he could feel the coldness in her touch.
	“That doesn’t sound so bad,” he said, his voice trembling, a nervous smile on his face.
	“Then make it happen,” their greeter said, before turning and walking away. “The sooner we get our coal back that the boy here sold,” she said, turning as if forgetting something, throwing Bob a look of disappointment, “the sooner you have your problem solved.”
	The other two women turned to go as well. They walked into their small home and shut the door. Bob and Dan heard the latch lock and then all three women cackle again. They exchanged a quick look then got back in the truck. 
	“That wasn’t so bad,” Dan said, making his way back down the hill covered in dead, burnt-like trees.
	“This has just begun,” Bob said. “You aint seen nothin’ yet.”

						#

	Over the course of the next week, the town’s city council members went about the community, door to door, explaining that a recent acidity reading of the local streams had deemed the coal being burned in the area over the past few years too dangerous for the environment. It was a story no one questioned, Bob himself being the lead spokesman. The citizens were told they must surrender their coal to the government, but that they would be reimbursed. 
Bob had worked out a deal with the local mine’s owner, the man to whom he had sold the mine years before. The man was to keep his mouth shut; no questions, no comments. In return, Bob himself would stroke a check, buying everyone who gave up any coal an entire winter’s worth by October.  Being a coal town, it was considered sacrilege for anyone to heat with wood. Whatever stove or furnace fuel was left anywhere from the previous winter would most certainly be coal.
	“It’s the middle of July anyway,” Dan said to Bob, the two of them making their way back up the mountain to Bob’s adolescent home after the task of collecting the coal had been completed. “Besides. Most of the folks had less than a week’s worth anyway. They were all too happy to give this up, knowing they’d get a full winter’s stock for free.”
	The truck went slower this time than it had during their previous journey. It was loaded down with coal, as were the three pickups behind it, all driven by leery city council members who had not been filled in on the entirety of the scheme. 
	“I’m not worried about that,” Bob said, rolling his window down. The day was particularly hot and muggy. He swatted a deer fly that had been stalking him from the other side of the glass as it made its way into the cab. “I don’t trust them. I don’t know what they’re up to.”
	Upon reaching the bottom the last decent, the dead, burnt-like tree line, they noticed something slightly different. Hanging from the deer’s skull, attached to the lone antler, was a piece of paper flapping in the wind. It was tied to the antler with a bit of twine; brown, the old kind rarely seen in modern times. Dan put the truck in park and got out to investigate.
	“It says to leave the coal here at the bottom of the hill,” he said, returning to the truck and handing the letter through the window for Bob’s inspection. 
	“Then let’s do as they say,” Bob said, getting out of the truck to instruct the men behind him. Dan turned the truck slightly, waving a couple of younger men who had ridden as passengers in the other trucks forward. He’d quit shoveling coal many years before, using his age as an excuse when ordering his grandson or some local kid with luck bad enough to pass his house when the chore needed done. No one wanted to tell the mayor no. 
	Thirty minutes later, and with the trucks having been emptied, everyone began the trek back to town.
	“Do you feel like we’re being watched?” Dan said, he and Bob still outside of the truck, the others now driving away.
	“I’ve felt like that ever since we got out here,” Bob said. 
	The two of them looked up the dark hill through the dead trees. The skyline against the hilltop revealed nothing.
	“CAW!” came the call of a crow. They looked up and saw three large black birds in the tree above them, one with snow white eyes. The large one in the middle let loose a sizable wad of white and black muck from its posterior. It splattered across the center of the truck’s windshield. 
	Bob and Dan exchanged a look. The sound of the bird’s wings flapping caused the two men to look up again, just in time to see the birds head for the top of the hill. 
	“Let’s get the hell out of here,” Dan said. 

#

	Bob lost a night’s sleep, his mind racing through the possibilities of what would befall the small town of Mettsville. The morning light coming through the window gave him reason to rise. Opening the curtain, he was happy to see the sun peaking above the hills as opposed to the light from some long, endless tunnel. 
	“I’ve cheated death once again,” he said, making his way to the kitchen for coffee (and only looking back once to make sure death wasn’t following). Coffee brewed, he walked to his front porch to drink it. Stepping outside, his bare foot retracted quickly upon touching the cold porch, normally warm this time of year in spite of the hour. 
	Returning a moment later with slippers and a light shawl from the back of his couch, he sat and watched as the paper boy made his rounds, tossing a dying form of media from his Trek mountain bike house to house. Something was different about the boy this morning. Normally garbed in shorts and a tee-shirt, he was wearing pants and a light jacket. A glance at the porch’s thermometer revealed a temperature of fifty five degrees, fifteen degrees cooler than every morning for the past six weeks.
	“Oh, no,” he said, now chugging his coffee instead of sipping casually like usual. “This is not good.”

						#

	“This is Mayor Hedges,” Dan said, answering the phone only minutes after arriving to his office, just before 9:00 a.m.
	“Dan! This is Bob,” said the voice from the other side of the line. “I need to see you. Have you had breakfast?”
	“Yeah, but I’m always up for a cup of coffee and a piece of pie.”
	“Meet me at the diner in fifteen minutes.”
	“Sure. See you then, Bob.”
	
						#

	“So what’s going on Bob?” Dan asked as the waitress left the table with their order. 
	“I think something bad is gonna happen tonight.”
	“Any idea what?”
	“No,” he said, leaning forward, peering around the room. No one else in the small greasy spoon was within ear shot. “You still have a daughter here. And grandkids. You need to get ‘em out of town for a while.”
	“How can I do that without starting some sort of wide spread panic?”
	“I don’t know. But you need to do it.”
	“They won’t listen,” Dan said, leaning back as the waitress placed a steaming hot cup of coffee in front of him. She laid a piece of peanut butter pie beside it.
	“Then have them come to my place,” Bob said as the waitress left.
	“Why?”
	“Dinner,” Bob said. “We’ll have dinner at my place. Just tell them that I’ve been thinking a lot about death lately. Something like that. They’ll believe it. Most people think I should’ve been dead long ago anyway. Hell, I love my boy, but I know he’s been waiting around on his inheritance for a long time.”
	“Ok,” Dan said. “What time do I have everyone come over?”
	“Six.” Bob said, leaning back so a plate of eggs, bacon and toast could be placed in front of him. A tall glass of milk was lightly laid beside it, his self-imposed, daily allowance of coffee already met at home this morning.
	“We’ll be there,” Dan said, talking with a mouth half full of pie. “I hope you’re wrong, but I get the feeling you aren’t.”

						#

	“We must have a cold front moving through,” Dan’s daughter Erica said, entering Bob’s two story brick home. It was located in the oldest neighborhood in town. 
	“I don’t ever remember a summer this cold,” her husband, Tim, said, coming in behind her.
	“They closed the pool early,” their daughter, Emma, said, kicking her sandals off at the door and bending over to rub cold toes. 
	“It’s warm in here,” Bob said, waving them in. Dan had been there for several hours and had been helping his old friend prepare dinner.
	“Wow!” Tim said, seeing the table in the dining room. “Turkey? What’s the occasion?”
	“Dinner with friends,” Bob said, walking over to shake Tim’s hand. “How have you been Timmy? I haven’t seen you in weeks.”
	“I’ve been good, Bob. How ‘bout you?”
	“Great thanks. Every day I wake up without hearing angels sing or smelling singed souls is a good day for me.”
	Dinner prepared, they took to table. There was another thermometer outside of the dining room window, and Bob could read it from where he sat. It now read forty five degrees. 
	Everyone enjoyed dinner and talking of recent events in the community- Tim’s job and Emma’s post high school plans. No one noticed the two hours that slipped by, as they were so engrossed in food and conversation. Nor did they notice the temperature dropping outside, now down to thirty eight with an hour of daylight left.
	“What was that?” Erica said, hearing a bang. Everyone stopped to listen, and hot air began blowing out of the vents at their feet.
	“That was my furnace,” Bob said. “It’s old. It sounds like someone knocking on the back door when it kicks on.”
	“I don’t remember a furnace kicking on in southern Kentucky in all my years,” Dan said, eyes wide, staring directly at Bob.
	“It’s Friday,” Bob said, rising. “No work for you tomorrow, Tim. What do you say we all go down to my bunker? The men can have some drinks and the girls can watch some movies on the big screen.”
	“Bunker?” Emma asked, her face crooked with confusion.
	“Oh yes, young lady,” Bob said, a chuckle following his words. “You are way too young to remember, but your parents and your grandfather and I lived through something called the Cold War. A lot of us went a little overboard and made fortresses out of our basements and cellars.”
	As the party made their way to Bob’s basement, Tim explained the cold war (the short version) to his daughter. Bob and Dan hesitated at the top of the stairs before descending.
	“It’s almost freezing outside, Bob,” Dan said, and his voice sounded nervous.
	“It’s gonna get worse,” Bob said. “It makes sense to me now. Why they wanted the coal. I’m afraid this is going to be a long night for Mettsville.”

						#

	As day turned to night, the shadows on top of a certain mountain above Mettsville grew not only longer, but twisted. An evil was brewing on top of the hill, around the small, rock cabin of three sisters of whom no one knew anything, other than speculation- a past thought of as only possible in horror stories, movies and urban legends.
	“They like white powder, huh?” said the blind woman, taking a snow globe from the small shelf of knickknacks. “Let’s give them Christmas in July!”
	All three women cackled as she shook the globe violently, white powder racing furiously inside the glass and covering the artificial village within. 

						#

	“That movie gets better every time I see it,” Erica said, Celine Deon’s voice cooing like an angel as the credits for ‘Titanic’ streamed across the screen. 
	“You’re old,” her daughter said, rolling her eyes. “Let’s watch something more recent.”
	“I’ll be back with more beer,” Bob said, addressing Tim, who by now didn’t need any more beer. The men had finished off a twelve pack and half a bottle of scotch chased with coke while the girls had watched their movie. “Why don’t you come with me, Dan?”
	“Oh my God,” Dan said, reaching the top of the stairs, the upper part of the house cold in spite of the continually running furnace. “What’s the temperature now?”
	Both men looked out the kitchen window. It wasn’t the thermometer that shocked them- they hadn’t seen it yet- it was the nearly two feet of snow that covered the ground, more blowing frantically in the chill wind.
	“Five degrees,” Bob said, pulling his eyes off of the thermometer after seeing the snow. “We have to do something!”
	“What are we gonna do?”
	“We need the coal,” Bob said.
	“But our agreement?”
	“To hell with our agreement. You can’t have a town anyway without people. People are gonna die tonight! This is only gonna get worse!”
	“How do we get it?”
	“Get on the phone! Call the council members! Get the trucks and go back for the coal. I’ll call Richland at the mines. See what he can do.”
	“Got it,” Dan said, pulling out his cell. Bob made his way to his land line on the kitchen counter. Having already been retired and his wife dead for years when it came, the advent of cell phones was something he had felt he didn’t need to participate in and had chosen not to. 

						#

	The snow was already two and a half feet deep in the woods, but it didn’t keep the three, four wheel drive pickup trucks, Dan’s in the lead, from making their way to the recently deposited pile of coal. 
	“Oh my God,” Dan said, one bend away from the coal. An orange glaze painted the white backdrop ahead of them.
	“Fire!” the young man riding shotgun said as they rounded the turn. The entire pile of coal was on fire, the forest ablaze. The fire’s reflection from the falling snow made it look like hell was raining down on earth.
	“Let’s go back,” Dan said. He turned quickly, his truck sliding out of the trail. “Oh, no!”
	The truck behind him had been too close. It couldn’t stop in time as Dan’s truck left the path. It rear ended it, pushing it further into the woods, getting stuck in the deep snow itself. 
	“I hope he can pull us both out,” Dan said, looking in his side view mirror at the trail truck, the only one not yet stuck. “Before it gets colder or this snow gets deeper.”

						#

	“The number you have dialed is either out of service or has been disconnected,” the computer’s voice came across the line for the seventh time.
	“Damn it!” Bob said, slamming the phone.
	“Where’s Dad?” Timmy said, staggering up the stairs with a half empty bottle of beer. Bob had given him another six-pack after the first couple of unsuccessful calls.
	“He went to get some coal,” Bob said, pointing toward the kitchen window. Even drunk, Tim could tell something was seriously wrong as he peered outside, the snow lit up by the street light. 
	“Oh my God,” Tim said, suddenly feeling sober. “What the hell is going on?”
	“I’m not sure,” Bob said. “But we’re better off downstairs.”
	Tim turned and began making his way back to the basement. Bob followed, but not before turning to look at the thermometer again.
	“Negative thirty degrees!”

						#

	“I’m freezing,” Emma said, already covered with two blankets, lying on the long section of the L shaped couch in the basement.
	“It’s burning as fast as it’ll burn,” Bob said, shoveling more coal into the coal stove. The stove was the backup heat source for the house, installed when he had finished the basement, turning it into a bunker in the nineteen sixties.
	“It’s almost gone,” Tim said, head tilting toward the small pile of coal Bob had kept in reserve behind a wooden wall. He had conveniently forgotten about it when taking the rest of the town’s coal to the women in the woods.
	“We’ll run out in an hour,” Bob said. “We have to make it ‘til morning.”
	Thinking quickly, he looked at Tim, his face lit up by the idea in his head. “Come upstairs with me!”
	The two men went upstairs, Tim having to push forcefully on the door.
	“It was frozen!” Tim said, astonished. “There’re ice cycles in your damn living room!”
	The men gazed, shivering, though they were wearing blankets around them like robes.
	“Grab anything that’ll burn!” Bob said. “If it’s too big to fit in the stove, break it!” 
	“Gang way!” Tim yelled downstairs before tossing an antique rocker down the stair case. It shattered on the way down. “Makes less work,” he said to Bob, shrugging. 
	“Good idea,” Bob said, tossing down a matching end table. 
	“What are you looking at?” Tim asked a couple minutes later, seeing Bob staring out the window, across the street. He pulled up beside him and looked as well. “Oh my God!”
	The two men stared out at the sight of two very small children on the porch of the house across the street. 
	“Whatever happens, stay inside,” Bob said. 
	“You can’t go out there,” Tim said, grabbing the old man by the shoulder. 
	“No,” Bob said. “This is all my fault. I’ll go. Whatever you do, don’t come outside.” He grabbed his top hat from the rack by the door and went outside, the snow now four feet deep.
	“What do you mean this is all your fault?” Tim yelled as the door slammed, snow coming in at the bottom and dancing around his feet before coming to a halt. The house was so cold it didn’t melt. Tim grabbed a picture in a wooden frame off of the wall and tossed it down the stairs.
						
#

 	“Come to me,” Bob said to the three year old boy, his lips blue, sitting in the snow on the porch. The child was too cold to move. His little sister was lying on the porch, shivering, almost frozen. Both of them only wore diapers. Bob grabbed them both, one arm each, and began wading through the snow, which was waist deep by now, back to his house.
	“Take them!” he said, handing them off to Tim. Tim had kept watch while breaking Bob’s lifetime collection of furniture, framed memories, antiques, and anything else that was wooden. “I’m going back for their mother.”
	“You can’t!” Tim said. “She’ll fend for herself. Just like us.”
	“She hasn’t fended for herself in years,” Bob said, heading back out into the snow.
	“Why do old people always have to talk in riddles?” Tim said, carrying the children downstairs. 
	
						#

	“Oh my God,” Bob said, the sight of Susan’s parents huddled, frozen to death, on their couch. “Susan!” he yelled through cupped hands. “Susan!”
	He quickly made his way upstairs. He opened the door to the first bedroom on the right. Susan, high as a kite, was sitting on the floor, huddling in a thick comforter, a crack pipe lying beside her on the floor. The room was freezing, revealing to him his breath when he exhaled, yet it still reeked of the stench of the rat poison he and Dan were trying to rid the community of.
	“Come with me,” he said, bending over. 
	“Huh?” Susan said, nothing more than a groan. She looked at him, or rather through him. He could tell she had no clue where she was, or what was happening around her. 
	“I can’t carry you,” he said. “I’m too old. You have to get up and walk!”
	Slowly, he was able to guide Susan to her feet. She fell once before they reached the bedroom door, but was able to stand again. He focused on keeping the comforter wrapped around her. 
	“Whatever happens,” he said, stepping onto the porch once downstairs, the wind blowing forcefully in their faces, “keep going straight!”
	The world was an entire white out. The street lights were no longer on. The ice, too heavy now, had snapped the lines. Bob and Susan stepped off the porch and into the snow, which was now chest deep, and they began the arduous task of walking the next twenty yards to safety.


One Week Later

	“The Kentucky National Guard has finally made their way into the town of Mettsville, Kentucky,” the attractive brunette who was the on-scene correspondent for FOX News said, “in what is definitely the most freak snow storm in U.S. history, if not world history.”
	“What have they found there?” her partner, the most recent defector from CNN said from back in the studio. 
	“It’s a tragedy,” she said. “We are getting reports that so far, there were only six survivors.”
	“Six?” he said. “Who were these people? Was it one family, or was there more than one household?”
	“We’re not sure,” she said. “They are being taken by helicopter to the hospital on the other side of the county, in the town of Richland, Kentucky. The roads are still impassable for everyone except for the military vehicles we came in on with the Guard and other emergency personnel. I’m told there was one man, two women, a teenage girl and two babies.”
	“It looks like there is still a lot of snow behind you,” he said. “Can you pan the camera for the folks at home?” (Oh how those media people always wanted to please those ‘folks’ who were always ‘at home.’)
	“Certainly,” she said, giving the unspoken order to her cameraman with the wave of a hand. 
	The camera spanned as she spoke into the microphone. “You see behind us here the house were the only survivors were found.”
	The camera showed an old house, one of the first in the community, snow still up to the porch- at least six feet high.
 In front of the house, three crows, one with eyes as white as the snow they sat on, picked at an old top hat. 


The End







Author’s Afterword:

	I hope you’ve enjoyed my little Trilogy of Terror. Some of you will have recognized these stories from my previous, disastrously written and poorly edited (and thank God no longer available for sale) collection of short stories titled, “A Demon’s Dozen.” 
	I pulled these stories from aforementioned work, and rewrote them (as I do think they are good stories and I hope you’re in agreement), because I wanted to share them with you, but in a way that was more presentable. I hope it worked.
	Also, I offered them for free (I hope you didn’t spend all of 99 cents on them on Amazon before that big, behemoth book seller finally dropped the price to free because Nook had it for free- if you did, well, hope you got your money’s worth), not just because I’ve released them before (in evil, poorly written, second cousin twice removed form) but also because we live in a different world today as far as publishing goes, and we all know it, and any writer (especially us small fry) who tries to ignore it, or avoid it, will go the way of the dinosaur. 
	At first, the idea of giving something I’ve worked long and hard on away for free seemed preposterous (and I stuck my hand, flat and open, over my mouth when I thought this, and the hair on my head stood up, and my eyes froze like those of a deer in headlights, and a strange sound that sounded like ‘bom-bom!’ came from out of nowhere), but I’ve since re-examined this line of thinking.
	Giving you some of my work for free, I’ll admit, is great from a marketing standpoint (and if you found the link to this book from one of my daily spams on a Facebook group’s wall, or in a Yahoo group, then you already know all about that), but secondly, and the part I’m really excited about, is that I get to share my writing career with you as I go along. It’s almost like you are stopping by the gym to watch the local basketball team get in a good practice before heading off to the game.
Writing, and becoming good at it, is a process, and it takes a lot of time, effort, energy and stick-with-it-ness. It is a process of growth. Hopefully, those of you who’ve been reading my work through the years have noticed some growth with my work. 
	Short stories are to writing, what wind sprints are to distance running; a very important part of the overall process of becoming all that you can become. With today’s publishing market being as it is, especially due to the existence of Kindle, writers like me can now share our ‘growing pains’ with you, the reader, and not have to charge you  for any flaws or mistakes. By writing short stories, I hone my craft as a writer, and by offering them to you for free, you can read my work and be held over until I finish my next novel (and I’m always working on two or three at any given time).
	If you did enjoy these stories, and this is the first time you’ve read my work, I humbly ask that you consider going back to Amazon, or Barnes and Noble, or Smashwords, or wherever you got this collection, and investing some of your hard earned greenbacks (or whatever color the backs of your currency is- I live in the Philippines and the bills here are either purple, red, yellow, blue, or green) and buying one of my full length novels. So far, they include:
Serial Street
From the Graves of Babes
Off Switch
And there is my non-fiction work, “Homeless Across America.”

If you do, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. 
Keep watching for the next novel and the next collection of short stories, and even a novella or two thrown in there at some point. I do not dictate the length of the story. The story dictates the length of the story. But regardless of length, or the time it takes to write it, I’m looking forward to bringing it to you.

Kevin E Lake                                                                    4 Dec. 2012- Philippine Islands
