
UNDERDOGS
Jack Fiske

For the past eleven years Jim Turner had enjoyed a quiet life with his wife and daughter in the New Forest. Only two people knew anything of his previous identity or his life as an undercover agent in North Belfast – his wife Susan and his father-in-law Stephen Reid. Or that’s what he had thought.

Michael O’Hara, the man Jim saw spying on their house from the bottom of his garden was certainly Irish but who did he work for? An old friend in MI5 is convinced he’s a member of the IRA and that he’s a killer – but is he right?

O’Hara’s claim to be with Irish Intelligence and working with the UK authorities doesn’t ring true. However, he does seem to be part of some joint operation. Could MI5 really be working hand in hand with the IRA? If so why and what are the implications for the British Government and the Irish Assembly if it all goes wrong?

When Turner’s wife and daughter are snatched, it is suddenly vital that he finds the answer to the key question – what is the relationship between Mohammed Musa, a reputable Middle-Eastern businessman and Colin Walker, a ruthless London crime boss? Why do they threaten the political stability of Northern Ireland and why do the IRA and apparently MI5 want them both dead?



All rights reserved.

Copyright © 2013 J. Hall, JRGM Publishing.
Published by
JRGM Publishing, Edinburgh, United Kingdom.

This book is protected under copyright. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.

First Published: November 2013.
This is a work of fiction. Names and characters are the product of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Prologue


Nick Harrison, tall and well dressed, with a short no-nonsense haircut, stopped in front of the window of ‘The Polygon’. The menu was displayed prominently in one corner within a wooden frame, backlit by a strip light which made the list of dishes stand out clearly against the sunlit faded paper.
A bead of sweat ran down between Nick’s shoulders and he shivered slightly. He was nervous. He had an urge to reach inside his jacket to where the Walther usually rested reassuringly beneath his left arm, but he knew that on this particular evening it wasn’t there. His hand lifted involuntarily and he continued the movement, stroking his chin thoughtfully as he turned to his companion.
“What are you having?”
Bruce Coldfield smiled and transferred the small plastic bag that he carried to his left hand. The man had no nerves at all. It was unnatural.
“Something expensive?”
Nick gave him a look of disapproval, but then why not? The Government was picking up the bill. 
“Steak?”
“Sounds good,” Coldfield agreed. “Pity we can’t have a nice bottle of red to go with it.”
Bruce turned so that his back was to the window and said quietly, “They’re at the back. On the far wall, just to the left of the kitchen.”
Across the street his words were repeated by a speaker set into a box of electronics, which stood on the floor of a white Ford Transit. The passenger door opened and a heavy set man with a beard got out and started across the road. As he reached them he caught Nick’s eye, gave an almost imperceptible nod and turned left down the street.
Bruce reached for the door. As it opened, a wave of sound washed over them; animated conversation, the sound of cutlery on crockery and classical music in the background. The music was vaguely familiar – Rossini maybe?
The door closed behind them, shutting out the early evening air and the maitre d' appeared at Nick’s elbow.
“Good evening sir. You have a reservation?” 
The man had a French-Irish accent. Either it was put on for the benefit of the customers or the Frenchman had been in Ireland considerably longer than Nick had.
Bruce nodded towards the table at the back, “We’re with Mr Ellis.”
The maitre d' looked worried and became even more deferential.
“Ah oui. This way please.”
The restaurant was crowded. Of the twenty or more tables, only two were unoccupied. The majority were taken by couples, or foursomes with just one or two larger parties. At the back, a table for six was occupied by three men.
Donnie Ellis, rose as they approached, but the others remained seated. Ellis tried a smile, but to say it looked strained was an understatement. Nick wasn’t surprised. The man was probably taking the greatest risk of his life, although if things went to plan, he and his fiancée could look forward to a new life on the other side of the world. 
“New Zealand!” Coldfield had said with genuine surprise. Neither of them could quite believe that Ellis was doing it. The girl knew enough about his past, but she still wanted him. She had been the catalyst that had brought them together over two months ago and this evening was the culmination of their uneasy alliance.
Ellis put out a hand and they shook. The handshake was firm, but his palm was sweating.
The maitre d' hovered for a moment until they were seated.
“Drinks gentlemen?”
The older of Ellis’s two companions waved him away.
“A few minutes if you don’t mind. We’ll order drinks with the meal.”
“Very good sir.”
The maitre d' gave a slight bow and left.
Ellis coughed nervously. “So gentlemen. The introductions.” 
He went around the table clockwise, “Mr Smith, the gentleman who is interested in your merchandise. Billie Brown, his associate.” He turned to Smith. 
“This is Bruce Coldfield, who will obtain the goods for us, also Nick Harrison, who can supply them here in Belfast.”
Nick glanced at each in turn. Smith (better known as Tom McCormick), was late forties, greying at the temple and high enough in the Provos to make the operation a success if it went to plan. Billie, much younger, wore a designer suit and had a hard, menacing look about him. His jacket was unbuttoned at the front and as Ellis introduced him, he leant forward slightly so that they both had a clear view of the automatic in the leather holster beneath his shoulder.
“Just so that we understand each other,” Smith said with a cold smile, as he watched them carefully.
“Of course,” Nick agreed, “we all have to take precautions.”
Having acknowledged Smith and his companion, Nick turned to survey the tables around them. Smith had the advantage. With his back to the wall he could see the whole restaurant. Immediately behind them, at a table for two, two men – one of Billie’s age and the other slightly older, met Nick’s gaze and then turned away.
“Yours?” Nick asked.
“Does it matter?” Smith replied.
Nick shrugged, “I guess not.”
Smith passed over the menu. “Here, why don’t we order?”
The tension eased slightly and all five bent to study their copy.
“Steak,” Bruce said, setting his aside without looking at it.
“And me,” Ellis agreed.
The waiter, watching from a discreet distance, hurried over, notepad in hand, to take their order. Smith opted for the fish, Billie for stuffed pasta in a cream sauce, whilst Nick also ordered steak and a bottle of mineral water.
“So,” Smith said as the waiter hurried away, “to business. Did you bring a sample?”
Bruce nodded and passed over the carrier.
Smith took it and pushed his chair back so that he could rest the bag on his knees and look inside without removing the contents. Inside was a small box holding 50 rounds of 7.62 x 39-mm M1943 ammunition for an AK-47. Smith took one out, produced a similar round from his jacket pocket and compared the two.
Nick swallowed nervously and looked away. They’d been assured that there was no way to tell that the rounds had been coated, but assurances were one thing and reality was another. By now the dye that fluoresced under ultra violet light would be on Smith’s finger tips and would transfer to anyone else that handled the ammunition or the box that it came in.
“Good,” Smith pronounced himself satisfied and dropped the round back into the box, before replacing the lid and handing it, still in its carrier bag, to Billie.
Nick realised that he’d been holding his breath and exhaled slowly. Billie reached inside his jacket and Nick’s pulse quickened for a moment, but his hand came out holding a slim brown envelope, which he handed to Smith.
“Our part of the bargain,” Smith said, passing it across the table.
The envelope was open at one end and Nick lifted the flap to see the contents. Inside was a sheaf of £50 notes wrapped in a paper band. Without taking them out, Nick inserted a finger into the centre of the bundle, checking that they were all similar and nodded to Bruce.
“An advance payment you understand,” Smith said, with a cold smile but a slightly threatening tone. “We want the first delivery within the week.”
Nick waited for Bruce to reply, but the usual confident look had slipped from his face and he was watching in horror as an attractive woman, dressed in a figure-hugging red dress approached from the direction of the door.
“Bruce…………?”
“Bruce Coldfield. It is you isn’t it?”
Bruce pushed his chair back and made to get up. “Excuse me. An old acquaintance – I’ll not be a moment.”
A heavy hand suddenly rested on his shoulder from the table behind, keeping him in his seat and then the woman was upon them.
“It is you. I knew it was. I’ve not seen you since Natasha’s party just after we graduated………………….God, that seems so long ago.”
Bruce managed a smile and as the man behind him let go of his shoulder, he struggled to his feet.
“Sarah! What a surprise. What on earth are you doing in Belfast?”
The woman beamed, lifted her left hand and held it up for Bruce to inspect the ring on the third finger.
“You’ll never believe it. I’m getting married. We’re over here for a week to celebrate.”
Bruce took her hand. “Congratulations.” He pulled her closer and gave her a hug. Nick thought that he might have whispered something to her, but he couldn’t be sure. In any event Sarah had a slightly puzzled look on her face when they parted.
Bruce reached into his pocket for a pen and Nick saw Billie tense across the table.
“Sarah, I’d love to invite you to join us, but I’m afraid I’m here on business this evening.” He’d also managed to produce a scrap of paper and he scribbled down a phone number.
“Phone me. We can meet up while you’re here and you can introduce me to your fiancé. Oh…………it’s not Rob Farmer is it?”
Sarah laughed. “No of course not. You don’t know him.”
Watching from behind, Nick thought that they were going to get away with it. But then a look of puzzlement came over Sarah’s face and she opened her mouth to say something.
Whatever it was – the look on her face, the tension in the people around him, or just his gut feeling – Nick knew what was coming next. The background noise seemed to die down for a moment and all eyes at the table turned towards her. Nick clenched his fist, the nails digging into the palm of his hand, willing it not to happen, but then it did.
“But Bruce, I thought that you were in the army?”
To his credit, Bruce’s expression didn’t change, although there was an audible expletive from the table behind them.
“God no! I was for three years, but then I got out and got myself a proper job.”
Nick suddenly felt something hard and unyielding pressing into his leg, just above the knee. Across the table Billie was leaning forward, one hand hidden below the tablecloth. His jacket had fallen open once more and Nick could see the empty holster where the automatic had been. He hadn’t seen him draw it; his attention had been on the girl. He moved slightly but across from him Billie scowled, shook his head in warning and pressed the barrel of the gun firmly into his leg.
Sarah looked puzzled, but reached for the scrap of paper that Bruce held out.
“Well I mustn’t interrupt you. I will phone you though. I want to know everything you’ve been up to since I last saw you. Particularly what happened between you and Vicky?”
She raised her eyebrows slightly, smiled and turned away.
Nick swallowed nervously but said nothing.
They might still have bluffed it, but next to him Ellis cracked.
“Tom, it’s not what it seems. I can explain……………..”
The two men behind them were now standing and had moved in behind Bruce. Nick caught a glimpse of a blade in the older man’s hand and then, satisfied that he had the upper hand, Smith turned to Ellis.
“What have you done Donnie? What have you done?” He shook his head sadly. “These men aren’t who they claim to be are they?”
Ellis was as white as a sheet. He didn’t need to say a thing. His expression said it all. He looked from Smith to Billie and then at the two men standing behind Bruce, before shaking his head and staring at the floor.
“God help me,” he murmured.
Across the road, three men knelt in the back of the white van, straining to hear the conversation in the restaurant over the background noise and the music.
“Shit, it’s a bust!”
Their leader jerked up from his knees and lurched towards the door. “Come on, get a bloody move on, we need to get them out of there.”
In the restaurant, Smith had his men moving also.
“Get them out!” He stared past them out of the restaurant window. “Bloody Hell! Get them out NOW! – before we’ve got company.”
At the other side of the restaurant, a fifth man, who Nick wouldn’t have picked as one of Smith’s, stood up. He looked calmly across at them and then walked towards the door.
A hand was thrust under Nick’s arm from behind and he was hauled to his feet.
“Move it,” a deep Irish voice snarled in his ear.
As he turned, Nick saw the van through the window, three men tumbling out of the back. He didn’t move.
“I mean now,” the voice growled. The grip on his arm tightened and something sharp pressed into his back at kidney level. He could feel the fibres of his jacket part beneath it and then the blade found his flesh and kept coming. Nick jerked forwards involuntarily and felt a drop of blood trickle down his back beneath his shirt.
“O.k.………O.k.” If he didn’t move, it was plain that the man was going to knife him right there in the middle of the restaurant. He stepped forward and followed Bruce who, subject to the same treatment, was already being steered towards the door to the kitchen. Behind them, Ellis was being prodded along by Billie, with Smith bringing up the rear. Nick could see that Smith had a gun in plain view in his right hand, but anyone else that had noticed was clearly ignoring the fact.
At the front door, Smith’s man opened it, reached casually up to the lock – a Yale fixed to the edge of the frame and slid the catch over gently to free the bolt. He looked back at Smith as they disappeared into the kitchen and stepped outside, closing the door behind him.

In the street, the backup team, having dodged through the traffic, had reached the pavement, but unaware of his connection, only glanced at the man who’d just left. The latter, head down, hurried away at a fast walk and then as the first man tried the door, he broke into a run and sprinted for the corner.
The door rattled as they tried it.
“Bastard’s locked it.”
They turned to see Smith’s man, running flat out, a good thirty or forty yards away. One of the team lifted his pistol and took aim.
“No! Leave him.” The team leader barked the command, stepped back a pace and drove his foot, cased in its heavy, army issue boot, through the glass panel of the door. 
The toughened glass exploded inwards, leaving the wooden frame half empty, apart from one or two triangles of crazed glass which clung stubbornly to the edges.
A woman screamed and several diners sprang to their feet.
The team leader lifted his pistol, used the butt to knock out a section of glass and reached inside to unlock the door. The three rushed in, making for the kitchen, pushing aside a man and woman who happened to be in the way.

Once out of the restaurant and through the kitchen, Nick and Bruce were pushed roughly across the yard that lay behind the building, then out into the street beyond. An old Jaguar stood by the kerb and Billie hurried to open the boot. Bruce was pushed up against the rear bumper.
“Get in,” Billie ordered.
Bruce didn’t move.
The man behind him reversed his knife and drove it hilt first into Bruce’s side, then as his knees buckled with the pain; he put his shoulder behind him and pushed him bodily over the bumper and into the boot. Bruce’s legs stuck out briefly and the man slammed the boot down on them, prompting Bruce to pull them in with a groan. 
Nick’s escort pushed him towards the back door.
“Get in.”
It seemed he was to get the easier treatment.
“NOW!” Billie screamed at him.
He didn’t need telling twice. Billie’s gun was pointed directly at his stomach and he was sure that the man would have no qualms about putting a bullet in him.
Once he was in, Billie slid into the passenger seat and turned round to cover him with the pistol. The man with the knife hurried round to the driver’s side, climbed behind the wheel and fumbled with the ignition.
“Come on. Come on,” Billie muttered.
As soon as the engine turned over and caught, the man floored the accelerator and the car leapt forward, screeching away from the kerb in a cloud of exhaust fumes and smoke from the tyres.
Nick turned to look behind them, just in time to see a second car pull out from a parking space some way back, stop to pick up two figures and then roar down the street after them.
In the restaurant kitchen there was pandemonium. First four armed men taking three others out through the back door and now, three more, each with a handgun, forcing their way through.
The head chef slammed a pan down on the cooker and turned into their path.
“What on earth is going on?” he demanded.
The team leader pushed him effortlessly out of the way and rushed past him towards the back door. It also was locked.
“Damn and blast it!” 
The man stepped back and aimed his boot at the door, just below the lock, but it was obvious that it wasn’t going to budge.
“Back! Go back! We’ll have to go round.”
The restaurant was in uproar as they retraced their steps. It took less than a minute to sprint the fifty yards to the end of the street, turn the corner and sprint fifty yards back on the road that ran behind, but by the time they got there, they were gone.
All three men were panting heavily. The team leader turned to look at the back of the restaurant and then at his two companions.
“Shit!” was all that he could say.

When they’d put some distance between themselves and the restaurant, the driver slowed down.
Nick twisted round to look back, but was rewarded by a crashing blow to his left knee as Billie smashed the butt of his gun down on it.
“Face the front you English bastard.”
Nick turned back, his face twisted in pain. He’d seen enough anyway. The second car was right behind, although there was no sign of a white van or of their support team.
The two cars drove on until they reached the run-down industrial district. There was graffiti on the red brick walls, dark forbidding windows looking out from old factory units and little or no traffic. Both cars pulled up outside a building where a large peeling sign read ‘S Patrick Engineering’ and the driver killed the engine. The car behind sounded its horn twice and a moment later a door swung open in the front of the building and a man stepped out. Silhouetted against the light that streamed out behind him, Nick couldn’t see him clearly, but the man was heavily built and tall enough that he had to stoop to move into the near darkness outside.
Billie had already given his gun to the driver and was out of the car. He shouted to the man in the doorway as he hurried back to the car behind.
“Get the doors open.”
Nick felt a thump on the back of the seat behind him as he watched the driver. Bruce was still o.k. Nick’s heart was racing and his left hand ached where he’d been clenching his fist for most of the short journey. The driver glanced past him to where Billie was speaking to Smith and he thought for a moment of making a move. If he could take the driver, he could be out and running before anyone could react. His knee still throbbed as he moved his leg slightly. Immediately the muzzle of the gun swung towards his chest.
The driver glared at him. “Move again and I’ll shoot you.”
Nick swallowed and nodded that he understood.
“Out! Get out!”
Billie had reappeared at the back door and pulled it open.
Nick slid across the seat and put a foot down onto the pavement. As he did so, Billie pushed the door closed again and leant his weight against it, trapping him temporarily.
“Careful now,” he warned as he took his gun back. “We wouldn’t want any nasty accidents now would we?”
With the gun in one hand, Billie opened the door wide and waved the weapon at Nick, motioning him to get out. As he did so, a metal shutter on the front of the building rattled loudly and started to rise.
“Inside,” Billie ordered, waving the gun once more.
Nick took a step forward and felt the pain in his knee as he put weight on it. Ahead of him the steel shutter rattled slowly upwards, revealing a dark, uninviting interior.
There was no one on the street. What light there was came from old concrete streetlamps and at this time of night it was unlikely that anyone would be passing or if they were, that they would take any interest in what was going on.
“Come on! Come on!” Billie urged, prodding him in the back as he and the driver followed behind.
Once through the entrance, Nick could make out more of the unlit interior. The building was about forty yards long and maybe thirty wide, with a high roof. Most of the floor space was taken up with packing cases and cardboard boxes and it appeared the building was used mainly for storage. On the left hand wall were a number of doors, one of which stood open and gave him a view of a small office beyond. The tall, heavily built man, who had let them in, stood beside it.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“Spot of bother,” Billie replied. “We’re not stopping. Get me the keys for the van and a roll of tape.”
Billie put a hand on Nick’s shoulder and pushed him forward, away from the door and into the gloom. At the far side of the building, partly hidden by piles of boxes was the van.
“That’s far enough,” Billie said, standing a few feet away and covering him with the gun until the other man returned.
“Right. Wrap him up,” he instructed.
In his right hand, the big man had a set of keys, whilst in the other he carried a roll of heavy brown tape mounted on a tool that consisted of a steel roller and a short wooden handle. Nick had seen them used before. The tape was attached to the edge of a cardboard box and you ran the roller along the top of it, sealing it up in one quick operation.
It didn’t take long. Spread-eagled with his feet wide and his forehead against the side of the van, Nick had his arms held behind him, whilst the tape was wrapped round and round his wrists and then several times around his body, pinning his arms behind him.
“O.k. Now the legs,” Billie said.
The two men had obviously done this before. The driver had a piece of rope, which he looped around Nick’s legs and pulled tight, whilst the big man wrapped the tape around his ankles and then around his knees.
Billie put the gun away. “O.k. Get him in and we’ll go and get the other one.”
Between them they lifted Nick into the back of the van and slammed the door shut.
The van was tall – easily high enough to stand up in if Nick could have struggled to his feet. The sides were lined with plywood and there was nothing between the load area and the cab, other than four steel bars, which ran from floor to ceiling, two on either side, to protect the driver and any passenger from a shifting load.
Nick lay on the floor and looked around. A faint yellow light from the streetlamps filtered through the windscreen and enabled him to make out some of the detail inside. The steel floor was ridged and he found that he could get some purchase on it with his heels and push himself to the side. There he started searching for something sharp. Anything would do. The edge of a door hinge. A protruding screw. Anything that he could catch the edge of the plastic tape on. For two minutes he wriggled around on his stomach and his back without success, until there were voices outside once more. There was a metallic thump as Bruce was spread-eagled against the side of the van and then a tearing sound as Bruce in turn was wrapped in the heavy duty parcel tape. Moments later the back door opened and he was heaved inside, landing next to him with a thump.
Bruce’s usual self assured look had gone. There was dried blood around his nose where he had suffered a nose-bleed somewhere along the way and his eyes were wide.
“You o.k?” Nick asked, his voice cracking slightly despite his efforts to keep it under control.
Bruce nodded and seemed to recover some of his usual composure.
“This is it then.”
Nick’s reply was cut short by a kick in the ribs as Billie climbed into the back of the van with them.
“Shut your mouth. If I want you to speak I’ll tell you.”
He stepped over them and went to the front, turning round to lean against the bars behind the driver’s seat, the gun still held casually in his left hand.
The big man slammed the back doors and then he and the Jaguar driver got into the front.
“O.k?” the driver asked, twisting round in his seat.
“Yeah. Let’s go,” Billie replied.
Nick felt the vibrations of the starter motor through the steel floor, then the engine caught and the van eased out of the building and into the small yard in front. There they stopped and Nick could hear the rattle of the steel shutter as it closed behind them. The driver wound down his window and Billie leant forward over his shoulder to speak to someone outside. There was a brief conversation and then Billie nodded, pulled his head back in and turned to watch them, holding on for support to the bars behind the front seats.
The van rolled forward, turned onto the main road and picked up speed.
“Not long now,” Billie said with a cold grin.
Nick’s mouth was dry and he licked his lips. 
“Not long until what?”
“Oh don’t you be worrying now. You’ll find out soon enough.”
Bruce caught Nick’s eye and grimaced. It didn’t look good. Nick was about to say something, when he realised that Bruce was trying to direct his attention.
Billie wasn’t watching. He had turned to look through the windscreen and missed Bruce nodding furiously at the back door.
Nick didn’t understand and Bruce nodded more frantically. Then it suddenly registered. There was a handle on the inside – a black metal one about three feet from the floor. Nick looked back at Bruce, who nodded furiously and then rolled over onto his back as Billie turned round once more. Bruce had his knees bent, feet flat on the floor and Nick knew what he meant. He was right. If either of them was in that position by the door, it would be a simple matter to raise both legs and kick the handle into the open position. The only problem was that with Billie watching them, gun in hand, they were unlikely to get the chance.
As the van turned the corner, Nick slid across the floor and winced as the cut on his back rubbed against the corrugated metal.
Billie watched in amusement and it suddenly gave him an idea.
“Hey you dumb bastard. Watch what you’re doing.”
The driver glanced in his mirror.
Billie grinned at him. “It seems our passengers don’t like your driving Michael.”
“Oh they don’t do they?”
The driver picked up speed and threw the van around the next bend.
Nick and Bruce slid across the floor, thumping into the left hand side. With his arms tied behind him, Nick couldn’t do anything to protect himself and his head crashed into the plywood clad wall.
This was greeted with some amusement from the front and Nick tried winding the driver up further.
“You arsehole! I could do better than that myself.”
He braced himself, wedging his shoulders against the back doors and his feet against the wheel arch, where it rose above floor level. Bruce tried to get into the same position on the other side but wasn’t quick enough. 
The driver took the next corner at speed, flinging the back of the van around and Bruce was thrown across the floor, crashing into Nick’s knee, which was already painful from the blow it had received earlier.
The cry of pain that Nick let out was genuine enough and it encouraged the driver to even greater efforts. And so it became a game – the driver flinging the van around each corner and braking heavily, whilst Nick and Bruce slid about in the back, getting black and blue, to the sound of Billie and the big man laughing at their expense and applauding the driver’s wild manoeuvres.
Nick was getting the hang of it when the opportunity came. He was wedged once more between the back door and the wheel arch watching the driver to anticipate his movements when the big man in the passenger seat suddenly cried out.
“Watch out! The lights! The bloody traffic lights!”
The driver flinched at the sight of amber turning to red in front of them and he stood on the brakes.
Instead of bracing himself, Nick lifted his feet from the wheel arch and as the van’s tyres screeched in protest, he was propelled feet first down the van, raising his legs at the last minute to plant his heels squarely into Billie’s groin and lift him bodily off the floor and crash him into the safety bars behind.
The wind came out of Billie with a rush and he doubled up, gasping for breath, before dropping to his knees retching. The gun was still clutched loosely in his hand, but Bruce, who had managed to avoid Nick as they were both hurled forwards, lashed out with both feet, catching Billie a cracking blow full in the face. Blood splashed across the side of the van as Billie’s nose pulped under Bruce’s boot and the gun fell from his hand, rattling across the metal floor as he lost consciousness.
The driver was shouting by now, but Nick couldn’t make out what he was saying. In the passenger seat, the big man was fumbling with his seat belt and it was a race to see who would get out first.
Nick bent his knees and ‘jumped’ from the front seats, sliding himself along the floor towards the back doors. He only made it halfway and had to cover the remaining distance by pulling his legs up to his body, digging his heels in and driving himself forward like some demented caterpillar.
If the van had driven on, they wouldn’t have stood a chance. The man at the wheel could have bounced them about in the back as he had for the last ten minutes, but he didn’t do so. The driver was cursing and trying to reach over the seats to get the gun that Billie had dropped, whilst his partner, having freed himself from the seatbelt was out and coming round the back.
Nick reached the doors, flipped over onto his back and kicked up at the handle. It moved halfway round and he kicked it again. It moved another quarter turn and one side of the double door started to swing open.
A large hand grasped the edge and started to push it closed again. Nick stamped as hard as he could on the fingers and rolled forwards against the door. For a moment he thought it would be pushed shut, but then it gave and he fell out onto wet tarmac, the back of his head thumping down onto the road in the full glare of the headlights of the car behind. 
The big man was standing over Nick and bent down to catch hold of him. As he did, Nick rolled towards him, wrapping himself around the man’s legs. At the same time, Bruce dropped out of the van with a thud and started yelling at the top of his voice.
The lights had turned to green and someone was sounding their horn in the queue behind them.
Nick heard the driver cursing above the noise outside.
“Leave them! For Christ’s sake Harry leave them!”
The big man hesitated for a moment and Nick took the opportunity to roll away and under the bumper of the Vauxhall Cavalier behind them.
“Leave them. Leave them. We need to get out of here!”
The message suddenly seemed to get through and the big man turned, slammed the back door shut and hurried round to the side. Nick heard the passenger door slam and then the van roared off at speed, as the lights changed to red once more.
Behind them someone leant on their horn and the driver of the Cavalier got out, more concerned at the reaction of the driver behind than the two men lying on the road in front.

It was two weeks later that they found the body. Donnie Ellis was discovered washed up on the banks of the Lagan. His throat had been cut and there were burn marks on the back of his hands and up his arms.
The phone call came the next day, when it all appeared in the press. Nick and Bruce were still not on active duty and Nick was sitting in the mess reading the morning paper.
He picked up the phone in the office outside.
“Hello.”
“Harrison?”
“Yes. Who’s that?”
“It’s Ellis – Brendon Ellis. I understand you knew my brother?”
Nick turned round, wanting the staff sergeant who had called him to pick up the other phone, but the man had stepped outside to give him some privacy. Nick had been surprised when Donnie Ellis had said that he would work for them. His brother was one of their targets and was a senior figure in the IRA’s army council.
“Yes I knew him,” Nick said.
There was a pause at the other end and then Ellis snarled.
“You’re dead Harrison. Both of you. Tell your friend. Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow, but soon. Very soon. You have my word.”
There was a click at the other end as the man put the receiver down. Nick stared at the telephone for a minute and then hung up as well. The hairs on the back of his neck were standing on end. He knew it wasn’t an idle threat. It wasn’t going to be safe for him to stay in Belfast.

ONE


Jim Turner, lean and well muscled, with a short, no-nonsense haircut and the look of someone used to regular exercise, sat in the middle of the Rhododendron Bushes at the edge of his garden, breathing heavily. His usual morning walk with Wolf, their five year old collie-cross had turned into a brisk run for the last mile and Wolf had now deserted him to go inside and look for breakfast. A tree stump hidden amongst the bushes provided a comfortable but slightly damp resting place whilst he caught his breath and gave him a good view of the surrounding gardens and the woods beyond.
Jim still had the habit of checking what was going on around him – a trait that meant some of the neighbours had labelled him as a nosey parker, but one which had been drummed into him in the past and one that had saved his life on more than one occasion. It was strange how old habits remained, even when your life had changed completely. The old life seemed very distant now. Memories of the concrete jungle of North Belfast and of weekends spent confined to cramped army barracks with nothing to do but sleep, drink and watch television, were not particularly happy ones and he was content to leave them in the past where they belonged.
This morning Jim was counting his blessings. The sun was shining, there wasn’t a cloud in the sky and at 7.00 a.m. on a Sunday morning everything was peaceful. Nothing disturbed the silence apart from a young blackbird and a few sparrows, who were happily singing a variation on that morning’s dawn chorus in the trees behind him.
The hedge, which separated Jim’s garden from the woods, was in need of some serious attention, but apart from that, the garden looked good. The shrubs and trees were all in leaf and the lawn, which Jim was gradually getting the hang of, was a satisfying shade of green and looked rather neat, having been cut the previous afternoon. The only cause for annoyance was a small hole that had appeared next to the path, which he suspected was the work of some nocturnal woodland visitor, although he knew that Wolf would no doubt be on his wife’s list of suspects.
Until recently Jim had never lived in the country and he still found it quite a novelty. As a child, he had been brought up in and around Salisbury and although open countryside had never been far away, their home had always been on one housing estate or another. When, at the age of eighteen, Jim had joined the army and was posted abroad, he had been glad to leave, but ten years later, he’d been equally glad to return. He’d noticed that as the years went by, the simple things in life – his family, walking the dog, tending the garden, had become more important to him, whilst the values he’d held all those years ago seemed to be more and more misplaced.
It would be his wedding anniversary next month. Since he’d married Susan eleven years ago, his life had changed beyond recognition. Even in the early years, life had been good, with enough money to afford a comfortable lifestyle and a nice property in town. Then as the family business had grown, changing from a local concern, to a national company and then to one of the best known names in software design, money had become even less of an issue. The income the business now generated meant that last year they could afford a cottage in the New Forest, which to Susan’s delight had an old stable block, a small paddock and one and a half acres of semi-wild garden with nothing beyond it but the New Forest itself. It’s probably true, Jim thought to himself, that the more money you have, the less important material possessions tend to become. However, it was ironic that those things which he now appreciated – like the peace and quiet of his present surroundings, were only available to the privileged few who had the money to afford them.

A reflection from something moving just inside the trees broke Jim’s train of thought and made him turn to see what had produced it. As he watched from his semi-concealed location, he saw a middle aged man, dressed in dark sweatshirt and dark trousers move purposefully along the boundary of his neighbour’s property, surveying the well separated houses through what appeared to be a small telescope of the type used by birdwatchers. The fact that this birdwatcher was more interested in houses and gardens, rather than woods and wildlife, immediately made him suspicious and he settled a little further back into the rhododendrons to watch the stranger’s movements without being seen himself.
Having observed a neighbour’s house for several minutes, the man pulled a small pad from his back pocket and began to make notes, or was it a sketch of what he had seen? Once finished, the notebook was stowed away and the stranger moved closer, stopping behind one of the Ash trees which bordered their own garden. Picking a spot where he couldn’t be seen from the house, the man produced the small telescope once more and began a slow examination of Jim’s house and garden.
Jim crouched lower, giving himself as much cover as possible and sat perfectly still. Camouflage was something that was second nature after years in the army and anyone who was familiar with the principle, knew that keeping absolutely still and breaking up your outline with the surrounding leaves would almost always prevent you from being seen. On this occasion it proved true, as the stranger’s inspection passed over the rhododendrons, with no indication that he had been spotted. A few minutes more were all that the man needed to finish his inspection and go through the same routine of note-taking.
By this time, Jim had decided it was all rather suspicious and that in all likelihood the stranger was ‘casing’ the house for a potential break-in. He had decided that he would let the man move on to the next property before slipping quietly up to the house to phone the police, when he was surprised to see him take a small can of spray paint from his rucksack and write something at shoulder height on the trunk of the nearest tree. After one final look, the man packed up his telescope and notebook, slung the rucksack onto his back and turned away from the houses, heading in the direction of a minor road that crossed the New Forest half a mile away.
Jim waited a good five minutes to make sure the man had gone and then walked round to the end of the boundary hedge, where an old wooden gate let him into the woods beyond. Near to the garden, the trees were not dense and several paths ran through them, including one that ran parallel to the house and took him to within a few feet of the trees. There, Jim could see that on the trunk of the nearest, had been sprayed what looked like a piece of meaningless graffiti – “MO 4 CT” in capital letters, with “84L31” and a small arrow written immediately beneath it. Anyone passing by on the path probably wouldn’t give it a second glance, assuming it had been put there by some love struck teenager. Jim however found it a little disturbing. What was its purpose? Why had the stranger chosen to put it right outside his own back garden? He sighed. Maybe it was nothing? He’d speak to Susan and phone the police to see if they’d had any reports of prowlers in the area, although he doubted whether they’d want to do anything on the strength of one person’s concerns over a stranger at the bottom of his garden. 
Having decided to take a bit more care about leaving things outside and locking their doors and windows at night, Jim’s thoughts like Wolf’s, turned to breakfast and he walked up to the house.

Inside the kitchen there was no mouth-watering smell of frying bacon, nor was there any sign of the steaming cup of tea that he’d half hoped for. Susan had been up and about when he’d left, but now there was no sign of her.
“Susan?” he shouted up the stairs.
“What?” came a muffled voice from the direction of the bathroom.
“Are you up?”
“Almost!” replied the same muffled voice. “I’m in the bath! Sunday mornings are supposed to be for having a lie in and relaxing you know!”
She’s probably right, Jim thought, but then he’d never been able to break the habit of getting up early, even at the weekend.
“Do you want a cup of tea?” he shouted back.
“Yes please,” Susan replied. “Bring me one up and I’ll make you some breakfast when I get out.”
Sounds like a good deal. Jim thought, as he put the kettle on and rummaged in the cupboard for their mugs.
“I’ll be up with it in a few minutes.”
“Thanks. Oh – and you could feed the dog if you would, he’s mooching around up here looking hard done by.”
“O.k.” Jim agreed.
As if on cue, there was the sound of paws running down the stairs and Wolf appeared, looking hopeful. Wolf was quite smart for a dog and could usually understand what you were talking about – especially phrases like ‘feed the dog’, or any sentence that had the word ‘biscuit’ or ‘out’ in it.
A few minutes later, Wolf was making his usual ill-mannered slurping noises as he pushed his bowl around the kitchen floor and Jim left him to it and went upstairs with two mugs of tea and a couple of rich tea biscuits to keep him going.
The bathroom door wasn’t locked and he pushed it open to find Susan soaking in the bath, a towel folded under her neck so that she could lie down more comfortably. Susan, at five foot six, could stretch out easily in the bath, which was something that Jim envied and with her slim figure, short blond hair and easy smile, she was still very attractive, at least to Jim – although he knew she didn’t think so herself. 
“Tea is served,” he said, as he perched her mug on the corner of the bath and pushed her dressing gown off the bathroom stool, so that he could sit down.
“Do you want me to wash your back?”
“No thanks. I’m getting out in a minute.”
“Susan,” Jim mumbled through a mouthful of biscuit, “have you seen anyone suspicious hanging around recently?”
“No, why?” she asked, looking a little concerned.
“Oh no particular reason – there was a strange chap in the woods this morning. Probably nothing to worry about, but he was acting a bit suspiciously.” 
Jim explained how he had watched the stranger from the bushes and what he had seen and they were still discussing him half an hour later, when they sat down to eat.
Breakfast, Jim decided, was rather tasty, with bacon, eggs, mushrooms, fried tomatoes, toast and all the trimmings. Susan did agree that the man in the woods was a bit worrying and also had to admit that they could be more security conscious, but argued that one incident wasn’t necessarily a reason to inform the police. Sitting discussing it at the breakfast table, Jim had to agree, although he still couldn’t get rid of a gut feeling that there was more to this than met the eye.
The rest of the morning Jim spent lounging about reading the paper, washing the breakfast dishes and listening to the radio, before Susan reminded him that he was supposed to be picking up their daughter from her parents’ at eleven thirty.

Millie was ten, but rather mature for her age and of late had become very independent. Over the past few months, she had become a lot closer to her grandparents and loved to visit them at the weekend, staying over on a Saturday night and coming home the next day. Stephen and Marion were always delighted to have her and it gave Jim and Susan an evening to themselves, although the penalty was a fifty minute round trip to pick her up again on Sunday morning from Stephen and Marion’s place in Ringwood.
This morning Jim didn’t mind too much. The drive to Ringwood was pleasant enough, although a little slow. All the roads in the area had a 40 m.p.h. speed limit to try and protect the ponies who wandered freely through the Forest. Sometimes it could be inconvenient, but it was more than made up for by the sight of the horses grazing contentedly on the verges.
Jim had taken Susan’s Renault, rather than the Land Rover. The latter had proven its worth on country roads and the surrounding tracks, especially in the winter, but on a sunny morning in May he preferred a little comfort. Sliding the sun roof back, he let the warm breeze blow through the car and after a quick search through the preset stations on the radio, Jim found something that he liked.
As he wound his way along the quiet roads, Jim would check his mirror periodically and after a few miles, he realised that something had nudged that sixth sense which tells you that all is not as it should be. A good distance behind him a black Volvo seemed to be following the same route. Not particularly unusual on this stretch of road, which would be the main route into Ringwood, but Jim could have sworn that the same car or a similar one was parked about two hundred yards from the house when he’d left.
Probably nothing, Jim thought, but there was a simple way to check.
At the next junction he took a left turn, which led towards open countryside. Sure enough, the Volvo turned at the same spot and could still be seen, following at a safe distance, in the rear view mirror. Another left at the next junction produced the same result and now, beginning to think that he was being followed, Jim stretched over to get the pen that Susan kept in the glove compartment, whilst at the same time slowing down, to bring the Volvo closer. The car obligingly closed the distance between them, enough for him to make out a back-to-front registration number in the mirror, which he scrawled on the back of his hand.
Half a mile further on, yet another left turn took him back towards the road that he’d started on and he was relieved to see the Volvo continue onwards, in what was now the opposite direction to his own destination. Must be getting jumpy, he thought, or else the stranger in the woods that morning had worried him more than he’d realised.

Fifteen minutes later as the country roads gave way to the outskirts of Ringwood, Jim pulled into the driveway of a large imposing property that had once been derelict, but which had been completely renovated by Susan’s parents long before he had known them. Property prices had shot through the roof in recent years and a large detached house with the amount of land that Stephen and Marion had, must now be worth an absolute fortune.
Jim walked round to the back of the house, where a pair of French windows stood open to the fresh air, and shouted, “Anyone in?”
“Daddy!” a voice shouted back, and Millie shot out of the kitchen to give him a hug, with Marion following closely behind, her hands covered in flour and a frog pattern apron tied around her waist.
“Hello Jim, you’re just in time to give us your verdict on the cake. Millie and I have been doing some baking.”
“Sounds good. Any chance of a cup of tea to go with it?”
“Of course there is. Stephen will probably be ready for one. He’s been up in that study for far too long, going over some report that he brought home with him on Friday night.”
“Daddy, come and see the cake!” Millie demanded, hanging on to his arm and pulling him in the direction of the kitchen. 
Millie was the image of her mother – not very tall, but slender with long blond hair and a slightly quirky smile that reminded Jim of Susan when they had first met. 
“Who made it then? You or Granny?” 
Millie looked round at Marion, as if for approval, before replying.
“Well Granny did most of it, but I helped with the important bits.”
“It looks pretty good,” Jim said, quite truthfully, thinking that despite breakfast, he could still manage a piece of the chocolate cake, which stood cooling on a wire rack in the middle of the work-surface.
“I’m going upstairs to see your Grandpa. Is there a waitress service for tea and cake, or shall I bring him down?”
Marion laughed. “Oh, I expect the waitresses can manage to bring it up for you.”
Jim climbed the stairs to Stephen’s study on the first floor, which overlooked the gardens to the rear. The room, which was modern compared to the rest of the house, was bigger than most people’s living rooms and was just as comfortable. A large three-seater settee and a couple of armchairs filled one half of the room, whilst an enormous desk stood immediately in front of the large picture window. It all looked a good deal neater than it used to. Over the last few years, the bulky equipment that used to dominate the room had become much more refined and Stephen now only needed a modest desktop PC, a printer and a dedicated telephone line to connect him to everything back at the office. Jim could understand why he preferred to work from here. He had all the modern conveniences, a superb treetop height view of the garden and a waitress service from the kitchen downstairs.
“Morning Stephen!” Jim announced as he walked in. “Mind if I come in, or are you busy?”
“Hi Jim. No, come in, come in. I need to stop anyway, or Marion is going to shoot me. I told her it would only take me an hour to do this, but I’ve been up here all morning.”
Jim peered over Stephen’s shoulder to see what he was working on and was pleased to see that it was the security report that he and Mark Brennan had finished just a few days earlier.
“Have a seat for a minute,” Stephen said. “I just want to finish this bit while I’ve got it all up on the screen.”
Jim took a seat in one of the armchairs to wait for his father-in-law to finish and watched him jot down brief notes as he went through the last page of the report.
Stephen was the brains behind the company and at sixty-eight, still managed to run everything. Some said that at his age he ought to retire, but Jim wasn’t one of them. He knew from experience that Stephen was still more than capable of running things.
“Right then,” Stephen said, as he tidied his paperwork into a neat pile and shut down his P.C. “that’s one less thing to be dealt with on Monday.”
He got up from the desk and smiled broadly at Jim.
“I suppose you’ve come to collect that grand-daughter of mine have you?”
Jim sighed in mock resignation. “I am. I suppose we’ve got to have her back sometime.” Then he continued more seriously, “Actually, while I’m here, I wouldn’t mind your opinion on something that’s bothering me.”

Stephen was the only person apart from Susan who knew the real reason why Jim had left the Army and he knew he could rely on him for some sound advice. He still remembered standing in this same room asking Stephen’s permission to marry his daughter and taking the decision to be absolutely honest with him and be truthful about his background.
Most people were aware that Jim had been in the army and that he’d left when he met Susan and moved to Ringwood. What they didn’t know, was that he’d not been attached to the signal corps, as he claimed, but had worked undercover for the intelligence service. 
He was only here now because of one undercover operation that had gone seriously wrong. A colleague’s chance meeting with an old school friend in a Belfast restaurant had blown their cover completely and had ultimately resulted in the death of a man by the name of Donnie Ellis – the brother of a high ranking figure in the IRA. Apart from a few bruises, Jim himself had escaped unscathed, although afterwards he had been a marked man in Northern Ireland.
Three months later and back in England, he had narrowly missed death at the hands of two Irishmen in a quiet street in Reading, where he subsequently spent two weeks in hospital, with a serious knife wound and a punctured lung. The fact that one of the Irishmen had fared little better, led to the man’s arrest at the local A & E unit the next day and from him, the authorities learnt of the contract that had been taken out on Jim’s life and of the price that the IRA were prepared to pay to see him dead. 
These events with hindsight had turned out to be a blessing in disguise. Jim didn’t mind changing his name – the old one hadn’t been that great anyway. He didn’t mind moving either – this part of the country was certainly an improvement on Belfast or on Reading come to that. Above all though, he was grateful for the chain of events that had led to him meeting Susan and being part of the family of the man who now faced him across the desk.
“Well? Tell me what’s on your mind then,” Stephen said, as he got up and opened the window an inch or two to let in some air.
Jim wanted a second opinion on the stranger in the woods, but he could hear the sound of a tea tray rattling as Marion came up the stairs.
“I’ll tell you later. It’s not something I’d want Marion to worry over.”
On cue, Marion came into the room with a tray, on which stood two mugs of tea, a small sugar bowl which was purely for Jim’s benefit, and two pieces of cake. 
“There you are,” she said, putting it down on Stephen’s desk. “I’ll leave you to it because I know you’ll have business to discuss. It would be nice to see something of you today though. Sunday is supposed to be the day of rest you know!”
Stephen smiled as she went back to the kitchen.
“What is it that you wouldn’t want Marion to worry over?”
Jim went over the morning’s events in some detail, drawing a sketch of the graffiti that now marked the ash tree at the bottom of his garden. For good measure he also mentioned the drive over that morning and his suspicion that the black Volvo might have been following him.
“So you’re worried that the two are connected?” Stephen said, helping himself to a piece of chocolate cake. 
He looked thoughtful; staring out of the window, as if there might be a black Volvo waiting somewhere out there, just beyond the fence.
“Jim, I agree you should be careful. It seems to me that the graffiti could be there to identify your house to someone, although who we don’t know. If the Volvo was following you, then it’s not unreasonable to assume that they had been watching the house as well.”
“Could be,” Jim agreed, taking a sip of his tea. “My main worry is what on earth will I do if my past has caught up with me?”
Stephen put a hand on his shoulder. “Well that’s a bridge that we’ll cross if we have to. If the IRA really are looking for you and they were in the Volvo this morning, then they had the perfect opportunity to ambush you, when you were alone and unarmed on a quiet country road. So why didn’t they?”
“True.” Jim had to agree. It was a fair point and it made him feel better.
Stephen continued, “For all we know this man in the woods might be some tree surgeon working for the Forestry Commission and the Volvo might have just been an old couple out for a Sunday morning drive in the Forest.”
“Yes you’re right,” Jim agreed, “no point in me getting too wound up about it.”
“Probably not. Not unless you see them again. But I do think you should be careful though. Make sure that Susan knows about the car and give her the registration number. She’s a level-headed girl and it won’t do either of you any harm to take a few precautions, just to be on the safe side.”
Stephen checked his watch. “Now then,” he said, putting the matter to rest, “what are you and Susan doing this afternoon?”
“I don’t think we’re doing anything in particular.”
“Well, since it’s such a beautiful day, why don’t we all go over to Hengistbury Head? We can walk the dogs along the beach and stop for something to eat at the White Hart on the way back.”
“O.k.” Jim smiled. “The White Hart definitely appeals and you know Millie and Wolf love the beach. Let me phone Susan and we can collect her on the way.”

Fifteen minutes later they were pulling out of Stephen’s driveway in his Range Rover, with Millie jumping about on the back seat and Stephen’s dog Sandy looking expectantly out of the window.
Susan and Wolf were waiting for them when they got to the house and Wolf jumped into the back with his tail wagging furiously at the sight of the other dog. The two were firm friends and Wolf knew that if Sandy was there, they’d be going somewhere interesting.
Susan slid in the back next to Jim and handed him a jacket.
“Here, you’ll probably need this. It’ll be windy on the beach. I’ve brought your boots as well, just in case you want to go running about with the dogs.”
“Thanks,” Jim replied with a grin and gave her a hug.
“Break it up!” Millie exclaimed, pushing them apart. “I want to go in the middle!”
Jim obligingly moved over to let his daughter squeeze between them as they pulled away in the direction of the coast.
The remainder of the afternoon was very pleasant, spent wandering through woods and along beaches. Jim had Millie and the two dogs running around, throwing sticks and chasing after them, whilst Susan had a long chat with her parents as the three of them walked more sedately behind. By the time they got back to the car, everyone was thoroughly exercised and more than ready for something to eat.

The White Hart, a large traditional pub, situated on the A35 a few miles from Christchurch, was popular with the whole family. Jim and Susan liked it because of its friendly atmosphere, the good food and the fact that children were always welcome. It was also one of the few pubs in the area where you could bring your dogs in with you, although not into the restaurant.
This afternoon, they had only just settled into a corner of the lounge bar when a waitress appeared to tell them that their table was ready.
Jim stood up. “I’ll go and put the dogs in the car. You go through and I’ll see you in the restaurant.”
“Here, let me,” Susan interrupted. “I’ve left my bag in the back. I can get it at the same time.”
“O.k.” Jim agreed. “What do you want to eat and we’ll order for you?”
“Oh, get me the steak and ale pie that’s written up on the blackboard will you. With potatoes though, not chips.”
“Fish and chips for me please!” Millie butted in. “Mummy, can I come with you? I need to go to the bathroom.”
“Come on then,” Susan agreed and smiled at Jim. “We’ll pay a visit on the way back. Won’t be long.”

Outside it was still a glorious day and Susan, Millie and the two dogs crossed to the car, which they’d left on the far side of the car park. Another advantage of the White Hart for dog owners was the fact that three mature chestnut trees stood at the corner of the car park, where they provided welcome shelter from the sun if you could get a space under their canopy of leaves.
This afternoon, the pub’s evening rush had not yet started and they’d had no problem claiming their usual place beneath the biggest of the trees. The two dogs were soon settled in the back of the car and Susan walked round opening all of the windows an inch or two, to make sure they had enough air.
Susan had just taken Millie’s hand and turned towards the pub, when she felt a tremendous blow between her shoulder blades and was pitched forward onto her hands and knees.
“Millie…………..!” she managed to scream, before another blow knocked the wind out of her completely and she was forced down to the ground by the weight of her attacker kneeling on top of her. A powerful arm forced itself around her neck and a cloth with an overpowering smell of something volatile was clamped over her mouth.
Susan twisted and kicked and tried to bite the hand that held the cloth, but without any effect. Her eyes streamed and she fought for breath, clawing at her attacker and rolling from side to side, but gradually her struggles subsided, the fight went out of her and she lay unconscious on the ground.
Screened by the car on one side and the chestnut trees on the other, no one had noticed the brief struggle and a few moments later two unconscious forms were bundled quickly into the back of a black Volvo, which drove quietly out of the car park and turned north onto the A35 towards Lyndhurst.
In the pub, Jim, Stephen and Marion chatted away, unaware that anything was amiss, whilst in the car park two dogs barked furiously in the back of the Land Rover, too far away to attract anyone’s attention.
TWO


As the Volvo drove north, the driver and his passengers said little. The three made an unusual combination. Liam Quinn, the driver, was thin and wiry, with a pinched face and had a strong Irish Accent, despite the fact that he had lived in London for most of the last ten years. In his early forties, he had been on the wrong side of the law for most of his life and was nominally in charge of the group.
In the passenger seat, Tony Bryant looked out of the window as the countryside passed by. At twenty-six, he was the youngest of the three and was there to provide the muscle. Although not heavily built, he was over six feet tall and kept in shape by boxing at one of the amateur clubs in London. With a distinctly mean look and a temperament to match, most people had learnt to give Bryant a wide berth, and that suited him fine.
In the back, Ronnie Dunn nervously pulled on a cigarette and flicked his ash out of the window. Like Quinn, he was in his forties but looked as if he would be more at home in the members’ bar of the local golf club, or sitting in a restaurant having Sunday lunch. What hair he had was neatly swept back and unlike the others, who wore jeans and t-shirt, he was dressed quite smartly in a shirt, jacket and tie.
With one last draw on his cigarette, Dunn flicked the butt out of the window and turned to check on their two unconscious passengers. Susan stirred slightly as he bent over her.
“The woman’s starting to come round Liam.”
“Give her another dose,” Quinn replied. “Not too much though, we don’t want to overdo it.”
Following instructions, Dunn rummaged around in the sports bag that lay by his feet and produced a small bottle and a cloth.
“Use the mask Ronnie,” Quinn instructed, watching proceedings through the driver’s mirror. “Five or six drops should do it and leave it on until she goes under again.”
The bag, which was obviously well stocked, yielded a green disposable medical mask which Dunn dosed with a few drops of liquid, before placing it carefully over Susan’s mouth and nose and securing the elastic around the back of her head. As he did so, Susan turned her head weakly, as if half aware of what was going on, before she sank back into unconsciousness.
“How’s the girl?” Quinn asked.
“Out for the count,” Dunn replied.
“Check her pulse will you and make sure her breathing is regular. The last thing we need is for her not to come round”
Dunn felt for the pulse in Millie’s neck and put an ear over her mouth before confirming, “She’s fine. She’ll probably start to come out of it as before too long.”
Having taken the mask off Susan again, he performed the same checks on her and apparently satisfied, pushed the bag to one side and settled back in his seat.
As they drove further north, the woodland of the New Forest grew patchy and started to give way to a mixture of farmland and the more open spaces of Salisbury Plain . In the back of the car Millie coughed quietly in her sleep and Quinn flicked the driver’s mirror down to see for himself if she was waking. Satisfied, he glanced at his watch before turning his attention back to the road.
“Should be there in about fifteen minutes,” he commented.
A few miles further on, Quinn turned the car onto a minor road which crossed open countryside and shortly after, turned once more onto a gravel track marked ‘Henson’s Farm – Private’. The track was obviously more used to tractors and four wheel drive vehicles and Quinn slowed to a crawl to make sure that he didn’t ground the car as he picked his way carefully around the potholes and avoided the deeper ruts. To one side the track was bordered by a conifer wood, which ran its full length, whilst on the other, cows stared enquiringly over the barbed wire fence as they passed by . A hundred yards from the road, the track rounded a large barn, ran past some smaller farm buildings and came to an end in the enclosed yard at the rear of a large farmhouse.
In the yard, a silver BMW stood at the foot of a short flight of steps which led to the back door, making quiet clicking noises as its engine cooled down.
“Boss is back already,” Dunn remarked.
“Better check in then,” Quinn replied. “Go and ask him what he wants us to do with the passengers while we keep an eye on them.”
Dunn stubbed the butt of his latest cigarette in the car’s ashtray and climbed out, thankful to stretch his legs. Only Quinn had been to the farmhouse before and had described it as the perfect location. Dunn had to agree. The yard he stood in was enclosed on three sides by the farmhouse and its outbuildings, whilst on the fourth, thick conifer woods shielded them from prying eyes. Not that there was likely to be anyone passing by. The gravel track ended at the farm itself and Dunn hadn’t seen another vehicle on the road that led here. The farmhouse was large and imposing, but rather run down. The woodwork was starting to rot in places and had obviously not seen fresh paint for quite some time. The gutters were sprouting weeds and some of the slates on the low roofs of the outbuildings were cracked or missing.
As Dunn climbed the steps to the house, the door opened and the boss stepped out. If you met Colin Walker under different circumstances, you would assume he was a respectable businessman. In his mid fifties with silver-grey hair and weathered features, he was dressed appropriately in a tweed jacket and corduroy trousers and could easily have been the landowner. It was only when you looked more carefully that you noticed the mannerisms and the look in his eye which told you to tread carefully – that this was someone you wouldn’t want to mess with.
“Afternoon Mr Walker,” Dunn said politely.
Walker grunted and ignoring Dunn, walked over to the car. “O.k. Quinn, get them into the annexe. Everything’s been prepared. Come and let me know when you’re done.”
Walker nodded briefly at Dunn as he turned and headed towards the front of the house whilst the three set about moving the captives.
Susan was light and between them Dunn and Bryant managed her easily, whilst Quinn led the way with the unconscious form of Millie slung over one shoulder. They didn’t have to carry them far, just across the yard to one of the more substantial outbuildings, which unlike the rest, had a solid wooden door and iron bars over one of the windows. Inside, the building was more inviting. What looked like a store from the outside had in fact been converted at some time into additional accommodation. Quinn turned into a room on the left, which was furnished as a bedroom and dropped Millie onto the double bed at the far end.
“All the comforts of home,” Quinn remarked sarcastically.
Dunn and Bryant laid Susan on the bed next to her daughter and looked around.
“Leave them there for a minute,” Quinn instructed. “I’ll show you round and then you can get settled in.”
It didn’t take long to walk round what was a small self-contained flat. The building had been converted some time ago from an old storeroom into a granny-flat. From the small hallway at the front of the building, a large bedroom led off to the left and a similar sized sitting room lay to the right. Beyond the sitting room was a small but adequate kitchen, whilst beyond the bedroom an en-suite bathroom provided washing and toilet facilities. All the rooms had old, well-worn furniture and the living room in particular was a little cramped, due to the fact that a folding bed had been set up against one wall.
“There’s only one bed,” Bryant immediately complained. “Who gets to sleep on the couch?”
“Oh don’t worry about that,” Quinn said. “Walker wants one of you here all the time, so whoever it is will need to sleep on the camp bed. The other can have a room to himself in the farmhouse. Sort it out between you, but it’s probably sensible if you take it in turns. There’s tea and coffee in the kitchen and food in the fridge. All you need to do is put your feet up and watch TV.”
Quinn pointed to the corner of the room where a portable television was perched on top of a second full size set. “The portable is linked to a camera in the other room. We’ll switch it on in a minute.”
As he led the way back to the bedroom, Quinn continued, “Make sure the bedroom door is locked at all times. We’ve changed the door and put bolts on this side so it’s pretty solid. Someone will bring food over from the main house, so there’ll always be two of us here when you need to open up.”
Walking through to the bathroom, Quinn pointed out a small frosted window to the rear. “Don’t worry about the back; the window’s had bars put on the outside. There’s a second camera in here as well though – think of it as a perk for whoever’s on duty when the woman takes a bath. Oh and talking of the bathroom, I’m afraid that you’ve not got one, so there’s a bucket in the corner of the living room – just like being back in the Nick eh Tony?”

At the White Hart it was nearly four hours since Susan and Millie had disappeared. Stephen and Marion walked round the car park one more time and then went back to the car to phone Jim.
Earlier, they had taken some time to realise that anything was wrong. Food had been ordered and the three of them had chatted about nothing in particular for ten or fifteen minutes, before a waitress arrived with the first two plates. Marion had hurried off to the ladies to see what was holding her daughter up, but returned immediately to say there was no sign of them. Ten minutes later they had checked the car, checked the rest of the pub and asked if anyone had seen them, but without result. Reluctantly they’d agreed to go on with their meal in the hope that something entirely innocent had sidetracked the two and that they would turn up at any moment. However, as time dragged by and there was no sign of his wife, Jim became more and more worried. After twenty minutes, he couldn’t sit still any longer and they went to search for them. 
The White Hart was fairly isolated and there just weren’t a lot of places that Susan and Millie could have gone. In one direction was open countryside, whilst in the other a scattering of local houses were served by a single shop and Post Office. It only took a moment to confirm that no one in the shop had seen anything of the two and they had then searched the surrounding roads in the car without finding a thing.
In the last two hours, they had been to Stephen and Marion’s and then back to Jim’s. They had checked with both sets of neighbours and had checked the answering machine at both houses. Leaving Jim at his place, they had agreed that Stephen and Marion would go back to the White Hart, check one last time to see if they had turned up, or if anyone had seen them and then they would contact the police.

Jim answered his phone before it had a chance to ring more than once. “Hello?” he said anxiously.
“I’m sorry Jim, there’s still no sign of them.” Stephen held the mobile phone to his ear, whilst putting his other arm round Marion, who was now close to tears. “What do you want us to do now?”
There was a pause at the other end. 
“I’ve had second thoughts about the police,” Jim replied. “You and Marion go home. I’ll leave a message here in case Susan phones and I’ll see you there in about forty five minutes.” 
Jim put the phone down and went to his desk to get pen and paper. If Susan were to turn up, he didn’t want her to find the house empty and not know where he was, so he scribbled a quick note and taped it to the inner door in the hallway where no one could miss it. Next, he made sure that he had his mobile phone with him and then changed the voicemail message on their home number to include a request for any caller to phone him on his mobile if they didn’t get a reply. His final job was to pick up Wolf’s bowl from the kitchen, the dog’s rug from the bedroom and his own toothbrush from the bathroom. If Susan and Millie didn’t turn up, he would spend the night at Stephen and Marion’s and they could decide what should be done in the morning. Although he’d had second thoughts about the police, it wasn’t entirely his decision and he would need to speak to Susan’s parents before he ruled it out.
Before he set the alarm and locked up, Jim checked that Susan’s keys were not in their usual place in the hallway. As he’d expected, they were missing, so Susan had them on her. Whilst this was a good thing if Susan were to turn up, Jim had to admit that there was a strong possibility that she and Millie had been picked up against their will. If so, whoever had them would have her keys and easy access to the house. With this possibility in mind, Jim briefly wondered whether there was anything in the house that was valuable enough for someone to kidnap his wife and daughter for, before mentally deciding that if there was, they were welcome to it. 
With a grim expression, he stepped outside, locked the door and made his way to the garage.

Back at the farmhouse, Bryant was sitting in the living room watching Susan and Millie on the CCTV. Millie had woken first and had been trying to rouse her mother for the last ten minutes. Susan was now beginning to respond and with more initiative than you would expect from a ten year old, Millie had gone to fetch a glass of water from the bathroom, together with a wet hand towel, which she was using to wipe Susan’s face. Recognition suddenly dawned and Susan sat bolt upright on the bed, only to lie down immediately with a hand to her head.
“Millie, what’s happening?” she asked in a weak voice.
Millie just burst into tears and lay down next to Susan, hugging her tightly.
“It’s o.k. darling.” Susan put an arm round her. “I think we’ve been drugged. Just lie here with me for a while until it wears off. Are you hurt?”
“No!” Millie sobbed.
“O.k. darling. Don’t worry – everything will be alright.”
In the other room, Bryant picked up the telephone.
“They’re awake”
“Good,” Quinn’s voice answered from the other end. “Are they kicking up a fuss?”
“Not yet,” Bryant replied.
“Keep an eye on them. We’ll let them have some time to come round and then I’ll come over and make the introductions.”
Quinn put the phone down. “They’re awake,” he informed Walker, in response to an enquiring look. “I’ll go and see them once they’ve had a chance to get used to their new surroundings.”
Quinn and Walker had been going over their plans in more detail and Walker had answered some of the questions that were bothering Quinn. The main one being who owned the property? Kidnapping was not something that Quinn took lightly and he didn’t like the idea of anyone outside of the firm knowing about it.
Walker had put his mind at rest. Farmland was good value at the moment and Walker himself had bought the property over six months ago. Walker’s ‘official’ occupation was managing director of a property and building company and the farm was on the company’s books as ‘work in progress’. After they had finished with it, the whole place would be converted into a luxury house and sold on with much of the land being sold separately. Even if their two ‘guests’ as Walker called them, could identify the place, they wouldn’t be able to in a few months time.
Although Quinn was hard, he drew the line at the cold blooded murder of a woman and a child. However, that eventuality was only likely if their captives could identify them, either directly or from where they were being held. In that case, Walker who had no such reservations wouldn’t hesitate to make them disappear without a trace. So far, their ‘guests’ couldn’t tell where they were, how long it had taken to get here, or who was holding them and that’s how Quinn wanted it to stay. He had also been reassured to learn that the clients, who were paying such a high price for their services, didn’t know anything about how the job was to be carried out. Walker would report back to them periodically, but they wouldn’t know any more than they had to.
Quinn gazed out of the picture window as he finished his coffee. On this side of the house, the windows looked out over a combination of open countryside and mature woodland and the view was superb. Once the place had been converted, it would sell for a good profit. Not that Walker needed the money. Quinn guessed that he must be worth millions already. Mind you, he thought, it always helped to have a legitimate reason to explain where the money came from.
“Right,” Quinn said, getting to his feet. “If it’s o.k. with you Mr Walker, I’ll go and get organised.”
Colin Walker nodded, giving permission as if dismissing a servant and Quinn hurried away to make his preparations.

In the Annexe, Susan had taken a little while to fully recover. Now though, having satisfied herself that Millie wasn’t hurt, she was coming to terms with their situation.
The room they were imprisoned in was large but shabby. The double bed at one end squeaked and groaned when she sat on it, as its ancient springs protested, whilst the sofa and chairs beneath the single window sagged and showed patches of greying foam beneath splits in the cushions that had worn through from years of use. The single window gave plenty of light but couldn’t be opened, whilst a white coating that had been sprayed on the outside made it completely opaque. Despite this, the pattern of shadows on the glass told Susan that there were solid bars on the other side.
A small table stood beside the couch, on which lay a pile of magazines and newspapers, although nothing recent and with a threadbare carpet to finish the furnishings and a generally musty smell, the room gave the impression of being what it was – a fairly basic prison cell.
The small bathroom lifted Susan’s spirits slightly. At least there was hot running water and they could have a bath and a wash. Susan was also surprised to find that she could open the small hopper at the top of the bathroom window to get some fresh air. Beyond the frosted glass there were more bars and although she squeezed her head into the opening, Susan could see nothing but blank walls to the left and right and a stretch of grass below. Turning back to the bedroom, she noticed the camera above the door and stared defiantly at it. “If they think they’re going to see me burst into tears they’ve got another thing coming,” she thought.
Millie was bearing up well. After the first flood of tears and a hug on the bed, she had seemed to accept the situation and was following Susan around as if reluctant to be more than a few feet away.
“Are you hungry darling?” Susan asked, suddenly aware that they hadn’t had anything to eat.
“No. I’m alright,” Millie replied. “I don’t think I could eat even if we had anything.”
Susan looked at her watch to get an idea of when they had last eaten and was surprised to see that it said 10.15 a.m. on Wednesday1st February – which was obviously incorrect . So whoever had taken them prisoner didn’t want her to know the time. Well in that case, it had been a mistake not to lock the bathroom window. Although nothing was visible, the angle of the sun and the shadows suggested it was around 7.00 p.m. and Susan made a mental note to check her watch again when it got dark.
Having familiarised herself with the surroundings, Susan decided that doing nothing was against her nature and she started to hammer on the solid door to their room.
“OPEN UP!” she demanded, kicking the door violently so that it shook in its frame.
“LET US OUT!” she repeated, running one of the chairs across the floor and ramming the door, creating another tear in the chair’s upholstery.
She paused for a moment to listen for any response and when there was none, she moved to face the camera which surveyed the room. Speaking more reasonably, she addressed the camera. “Look, whoever you are. If you’re not going to let us out, at least come and tell us what you want.”
As if in reply, the door was rattled briefly from the outside and a menacing voice replied, “Take it easy. You wouldn’t want any harm to come to you or your daughter would you? You’ll be having visitors shortly.”
Satisfied that she had at least provoked some reaction, Susan put an arm around Millie and sat down on the battered settee to wait.
Twenty minutes later, Susan heard the noise of a door being unlocked somewhere beyond their room, followed by a conversation in lowered tones, before there was a firm but polite knock on the door. Susan found herself shouting “Come in!” whilst at the same time thinking how surreal that someone should ask for permission to enter in such a situation.
A key turned in the lock and they heard the noise of heavy bolts being drawn back at the top and bottom of the door, before it swung inwards and she could see two men in a small hallway beyond. Behind them, what looked like an internal door was closed, whilst to their left was a much more substantial door which, she decided must lead to the outside.
Both men were in good physical shape and Susan knew immediately that she wouldn’t stand a chance in a struggle. The man to the rear was a good six inches taller than the other, yet it appeared that the smaller man was in charge. Both wore black ski masks through which only the eyes and mouth were visible and Susan noticed that the man in front had piercingly blue eyes.
Millie hugged Susan tightly from behind and looked around her at the two men from a place of relative safety. Susan felt suddenly intimidated and took a step back.
The first man stepped into the room, “Don’t worry,” he said in a strong Irish accent, “no harm will come to you if you do as you’re told.”
“What do you want?” Susan demanded.
“Nothing from you,” replied the Irishman. “Your father has something that we want and we’re going to arrange a little trade. If he cooperates, you can be out of here in a few days.”
Susan watched the second man come in and put a tray on the table. On it stood a thermos flask, a radio, a jug of orange juice and two mugs.
“If you’re sensible, your stay needn’t be too unpleasant,” the Irishman said. “You’ll be thirsty, so I’ve brought you a flask of tea and some orange juice for the girl. There’s also a radio and a couple of toothbrushes.”
Susan just looked at him, unsure what to make of it.
“Think of it as a gesture of goodwill,” the Irishman said. “But just so that we know where we stand, my friend here would like a word.
The taller man stepped forward and Susan could see the thin lips and the mean eyes behind the ski mask. The man clenched one large fist and cracked his knuckles before moving the chair that Susan had slammed against the door earlier. “Don’t make life hard for us,” he said, identifying himself as the man behind the door. “We’ll let the episode with the chair go this time, but if it happens again……………!” He left the sentence unfinished, but the menace in his voice made it clear that there would be consequences.
The Irishman produced a blank audio tape from his pocket. “We’ll be phoning your husband and your father shortly. The radio has a cassette player on it and we’d like you to record a short message. Nothing fancy. Just to let them know you’re alright and anything else you might want to say to them.”
“And if I don’t?” Susan asked.
“Well,” Irish replied, “if you don’t, then life could get a lot less pleasant. For instance, we might forget to bring your meal across later on, or we might switch the water off, or we could split the two of you up! On the other hand, if you cooperate, none of that would need to happen.”
Susan caught the look in the man’s eyes and knew he was quite serious.
“O.k.” Susan replied. “No need to make life difficult is there?”
“We’ll be back,” he replied, as the two left the room. 
The key turned in the lock and they heard the sound of heavy bolts being thrown again at the top and bottom of the door.

It took Jim longer than usual to reach Stephen and Marion’s, as he needed to call in at the office on the way. This time he had taken the Land Rover rather than the Renault. It was almost as if he needed something more solid and reliable at the moment. In the back, Wolf had been resting his head on the back seat, watching the scenery, unaware that anything was wrong.
Jim parked in his in-laws’ driveway and as he let Wolf out of the back, Marion opened the front door to let him in. Jim could see that she had been crying and it was taking some effort for her to put on a brave face. Stephen was in the living room, looking particularly worried as he got up to greet him.
“Jim. Marion and I think we should call the police.”
“O.k. Stephen, I won’t argue if that’s what you want to do, but I’d like to discuss it first. Will you give me half an hour?”
“But shouldn’t we tell them as soon as possible?” Marion asked. “Anything could have happened to them.”
“I know,” Jim agreed. “I’m just as worried as you are, but let’s have a look at our options first and then we’ll phone the police if you still want to.”
Marion nodded somewhat reluctantly and she and Stephen sat down on the settee. Jim himself was too wound up to sit down and he paced around the room as he spoke.
“I’m pretty certain that Susan and Millie have been kidnapped.”
“But why?” Marion protested.
“I’m afraid it’s the only explanation that fits. Susan had put the dogs in the car and collected her bag, so something must have happened between the car and the restaurant. There isn’t anything that would have been so urgent that they couldn’t let us know – we were only half a minute away. Susan would have called us on her mobile phone if there was some legitimate reason for them disappearing. She always carries it in her bag . The only other explanation would be a serious accident, leaving them either unconscious or worse – but then no one saw or heard anything.”
“I agree,” said Stephen, “but why no police? Surely we ought to contact them as soon as possible?”
“Not necessarily.” Jim paused in his pacing. “Once we involve the police, we can’t change our minds. Although, if we don’t tell them immediately, we can still report it later. I’m sure the police won’t take any action until someone has been missing for twenty-four hours anyway, so they wouldn’t do anything at all until tomorrow afternoon at the earliest.”
“What do we do then?” asked Marion.
“Wait for them to contact us,” Stephen suggested.
“That’s right.” If someone has them, then they’ve got them for a reason and they’ll be in touch pretty quickly. If we don’t hear anything by tomorrow, then I think at that point we should phone the police.”
“O.k. we agree.” Stephen answered for the two of them, although Marion still looked very unsure.
Having decided on a course of action, Jim tried to stay calm and not let the wrenching feeling in the pit of his stomach take over. If Susan and Millie had been kidnapped, he’d need to think clearly and try to use what he’d learned from his time in army intelligence to some advantage. Stephen and Marion were more than happy for him to stay the night and when Marion disappeared to make up the spare bed, Jim produced a small tape recorder, lead and telephone socket which he’d picked up from the office and attached it to Stephen’s phone. 
Knowing that there wasn’t anything else they could do, Jim and Stephen sat down to wait, whilst Marion, unable to sit still, looked for things that might keep her busy in the kitchen.

THREE


Sunday evening dragged by at a snail’s pace and when, at Marion’s insistence, the three of them eventually sat down for something to eat, the phone rang.
Stephen jumped to his feet and rushed across the room with Jim right behind him. Before he could lift the receiver, Jim put out a hand and stopped him.
“Hold on. Let me switch the tape on, just in case.”
Jim flicked a switch on the tape recorder and half shut it in a nearby drawer, making sure that the caller wouldn’t hear the noise of the tape going round.
“Hello?” Stephen answered at the fifth ring.
“Is that Mr Reid?” an Irish voice asked from the other end.
“That’s right,” Stephen replied, in a faltering voice.
“Listen carefully,” said the voice. “We have your daughter and grand-daughter.”
“You lousy scum!” Stephen exclaimed.
At the other end the voice stopped and the line went dead.
“Oh God!” Stephen turned to Marion with a horrified look on his face. 
“Don’t worry,” Jim reassured him. “They need to speak to us. They’ll phone back.”
“But what if they don’t?”
“Well if they didn’t want to speak to us, why phone us in the first place? Trust me. They’ll definitely phone back.
The two men returned to the scrambled eggs on toast that had been abandoned on the dining table and both picked at the food in silence, each with their own thoughts. Marion sat on the settee watching the telephone as if willing it to ring, but the minutes dragged by and still it stayed silent. Twenty minutes passed and they were all beginning to think there wouldn’t be another call, when the phone suddenly rang again, sounding unnaturally load in the silence. This time Jim answered with Stephen’s agreement.
“Who’s that?” Jim asked, having started the tape recorder again.
“Is that Mr Reid?” the Irish voice demanded.
“No, Jim Turner.”
“Let me speak to Reid,” the caller said.
“I’m sorry. Mr Reid is unwell and can’t come to the phone.”
“What’s wrong with him?”
“He’s had a bit of a shock,” Jim lied. “Stephen has a heart condition. He’s gone to lie down.”
Stephen looked at Jim and raised an eyebrow enquiringly. Jim put up a hand. A visible signal that said don’t worry; I know what I’m doing.
“Tough!” came the reply from the other end. “Never mind – you’ll do.”
“What do you want?” Jim asked more calmly than he felt, noticing as he said it that his knuckles were white where his hand gripped the side of the table.
“I’ve got a message for you,” the Irish voice said. “Just listen. No interruptions or I put the phone down.”
“O.k.” Jim agreed.
“At the other end of the phone, the receiver was put down onto a hard surface and Jim heard buttons being pressed and then the sound of Susan’s voice. “Jim, it’s me. We’re o.k. – neither of us has been hurt. I don’t know where we are but………………..”
Susan’s voice was cut off and Jim heard the receiver being picked up again.
“We’ve got your wife and kid Turner! Don’t under any circumstances phone the police or they’ll suffer.”
Jim was silent.
“Are you still there?” the voice asked roughly.
“Sorry! – You said no interruptions.”
There was a grunt from the other end of the phone. “Good. You’re learning fast. Remember now – no police! We’ll be in touch again tomorrow.”
“Wait!” Jim demanded – but it was too late and all he heard was silence from the other end as the caller hung up.
Jim put the receiver down and took a deep breath. His whole body was tense, and he had to consciously take a deep breath and relax – If the Irishman was in the room with him now, he would quite happily have beaten him senseless.
Stephen and Marion looked at him enquiringly. “Well?” said Stephen.
“I’ll play you the tape. They haven’t said anything other than Susan and Millie are fine and that they’ll phone us tomorrow.”
“Why the story about me being unwell?” Stephen asked.
“I was just trying to take away some of the initiative,” Jim explained. “I don’t think we should let them dictate everything from the start – not that we know what they want yet.”
In a strange way, the phone call had come as a relief to all of them. At least they knew now what had happened to Susan and Millie and more importantly, that neither of them was hurt. Susan’s message had obviously been on tape, but by the sound of her voice, she was bearing up well. The thing that worried Jim most was how Millie would cope, but he tried to put that thought from his mind. At present he couldn’t do anything about the situation, but he promised himself that as soon as he could, whoever was behind this would pay dearly.
Jim played the tape over three or four times for Stephen and Marion’s benefit as much as his own, before Stephen suggested that they go to bed and try to get some sleep. The fact that Susan and Millie were not hurt had put their worst fears to rest. If the kidnappers were to be believed, they would phone again in the morning and things would start to happen.
Marion had made up a bed for Jim in the spare room and had put out fresh towels, with the suggestion that he have a soak in the bath and try to unwind. Stephen and Marion’s bedroom had a large en-suite bathroom and they had retired to do the same, so Jim was now stretched out in a hot bath, while Wolf lay on the bathroom floor watching him, his head resting on two front paws. Jim ran over the events of the day, hoping to make some sense of them but without really getting anywhere. Why would anyone kidnap Susan? What did the kidnappers want? The most worrying aspect by far was the Irish accent. Why was an Irishman involved? Was there a link with his past and if so, who did the Irishman represent? Had there been a note of sarcasm when the Irishman called him ‘Turner’ on the phone, or was that just his imagination?
Wolf stirred from his position beneath the sink and came over to lick Jim’s knee over the side of the bath in a gesture of support – he knew there was something wrong. Jim stroked his head absently as he tried unsuccessfully to come up with a plan of action.
Suddenly he sat bolt upright in the bath, looking at the hand that lay on Wolf’s head. On the back of it there was still a string of letters and numbers written in faint blue biro – the registration number of the black Volvo that had followed him earlier in the day. Jim cursed himself for forgetting the obvious and checked his watch, which lay on the bathroom floor. Too late to do anything about it now, but first thing in the morning a couple of phone calls might give him something to go on. Resigning himself to the fact that there was nothing he could do this evening, he decided he should try to get some sleep. As a result, no more than ten minutes later he had dried himself, made a proper note of the Volvo’s registration number on a piece of paper and had climbed into one of the single beds in the spare room. He reached over to switch off the bedside light, turned over to get comfortable and felt a breath of warm air on his face. 
“Go to bed,” he said, putting out a hand to feel for Wolf in the dark. Wolf grunted and a large weight landed on the bed beside him, turned around twice and settled against his back. Jim thought of sending him back to his own bed but then decided that he could probably do with the company as much as Wolf, so he turned over and put an arm around the dog, as the two of them went to sleep.

It was 6.30 in the morning and Jim was wide awake, staring up at the ceiling, as the sun shone through the curtains that he hadn’t properly drawn the night before . Wolf was awake and had at some point during the night, gone back to his own bed in the corner of the room. Finally hearing the sounds of movement and running taps, Jim decided it was safe to get up without waking his in-laws and climbed out of bed.
Stephen and Marion were early risers and before long, all three were sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee and eating toast. 
Jim decided he wouldn’t mention the registration number, unless something came of it. He still had contacts in MI5 and was sure that one of them would help – unofficially. If necessary he could go through the proper channels, but he would prefer not to.
“You’re very quiet,” Marion said, putting a hand on his.
“Just thinking,” Jim replied. “I’m going to take the dogs for a walk if that’s o.k. There’s no point in sitting brooding. I don’t think they’ll call this early, but if the phone rings, switch the tape recorder on before you answer it.”
Fifteen minutes in the Land Rover took Jim and the two dogs to a quiet spot in the woods where he managed to switch off for a while as the dogs ran through the undergrowth and he plodded along behind . A circular route brought them back to the car just after 9.00 a.m. and Jim let the dogs wander about as he sat down and dug out his mobile phone. 
Archie Long was a good friend, as well as an old colleague. The two of them had worked on a number of intelligence operations together and when Jim had left to be “relocated”, Archie had moved onwards and upwards in the service. With an enforced change of identity, Jim had lost most of his old friends with the exception of Archie and one or two like him. It was of course difficult to meet up, but Jim and Archie did still speak by phone and still sent each other a card at Christmas. 
Jim decided to be honest. He knew Archie well enough to be sure that he could rely on him. After the predictable delay at the switchboard, he was eventually put through and when he picked up the phone, Archie sounded genuinely pleased to hear him. Halfway through the usual pleasantries, Archie interrupted to ask if he could phone him back in five minutes – the usual way to let Jim know that calls on that line were recorded. Jim’s phone rang again almost immediately and the next fifteen minutes were spent giving Archie a full account of the situation and asking whether he would help.
Archie sucked in his breath. “Of course I’ll help,” he said in an aggrieved tone, “You should take that for granted. But why keep it unofficial – the department could do a lot more than just me on my own you know.”
“I know,” Jim said. “But it’s not your wife and daughter is it. If the roles were reversed, I’d probably be saying the same to you, but you wouldn’t want the risk of involving the department any more than I do.”
“Well it’s your call,” Archie conceded. “Give me an hour and I’ll phone you back with anything that I can get on the car for you.”
Jim put his mobile away, satisfied that Archie would get back to him as soon as he could and called to the two dogs to get them back in the car.
As he approached Ringwood Jim phoned the office and told them he wouldn’t be in for the rest of the day. One advantage of being the M.D.’s son-in-law meant he wasn’t really accountable to anyone. To all intents and purposes, he would be working from home, leaving him free to follow up on any information that Archie could come up with.
Half a mile from Stephen and Marion’s, Jim turned into the local petrol station. He had promised to bring a pint of milk back with him and the Land Rover could also do with some diesel.
After filling up, he pulled over to the far side of the forecourt leaving the pump free and walked over to the shop, which like most petrol stations nowadays, seemed to stock just about everything. As he passed the last pump, a surge of adrenalin ran through his veins and his heart missed a beat, at the sight of a middle aged man in dark sweatshirt and black trousers taking the filler cap off a blue Fiat. Jim forced himself to look ahead and keep walking whilst he tried to think. He’d seen the same face twenty four hours earlier in the woods at the back of his garden and he couldn’t believe it was pure coincidence that the man was now filling up at the same petrol station as he was. He continued calmly into the shop and circled the shelves of sweets, bread rolls and tinned food, giving a good impression that he was looking for something, but in reality trying to get a better view of the man outside. Having managed a good look, Jim stopped in front of the chilled food cabinet running alternatives through his mind. His instinct was to corner the stranger and demand answers, but experience had taught him that following your instinct was usually a bad move. Jim was certainly bigger and possibly fitter than the stranger and if it came to it, he was sure that he could overpower him. But what would that achieve? There was nothing to suggest the man was involved in Susan and Millie’s kidnapping, or that he was up to no good in the woods. If Jim were to jump him outside the shop it would achieve nothing. In fact worse than nothing. The stranger had no reason to believe that Jim had ever seen him before and that gave Jim the edge. If the stranger was following him, or watching the house, then maybe he could turn that fact to his advantage.
Having decided what to do, Jim picked up two cartons of milk and walked to the tills, noticing as he did so, that the stranger had finished at the pump and was coming into the shop. Glancing at the girl behind the till, Jim patted his pockets as if searching for something, then placing the milk on the counter he apologised to her for the fact that he’d left his wallet in the car. On his way out, Jim passed the stranger coming in and tried not to make eye contact or do anything out of the ordinary. What he did though was to make a mental note of the man’s description – about five foot eight or nine, say twelve stone, dark hair receding very slightly at the front, brown eyes, perhaps forty years old – then he was back at the car. He pulled a pen and paper from the glove box and resting on the passenger seat where no one could see him, he quickly made a note of the make, model and registration number of the stranger’s car, before hurrying back to the shop. As he’d hoped, he arrived behind the stranger at the till as the girl passed a credit card slip across for signature. It was too much to hope that he might read the name on the card from this distance, but he mentally added a note that the man was married, or at least wore a wedding ring, before he had an unexpected bonus as the girl at the till said, “Thank you very much Mr O’Hara.” as she handed him his card and receipt. 
That’s the last time I’ll moan about that. Jim thought. The practice of large organisations training their staff to pick up a customer’s name from their credit card or cheque and then to use it had always mildly annoyed him, but he was grateful for it today.
O’Hara pocketed his card and left without a glance at Jim, who stepped forward to pay for his milk and tank of diesel. By the time he made his way back to the car, there was no trace of O’Hara at all. Jim slid behind the wheel of the Landrover, let the engine idle for a moment as he fastened his seat belt and then pulled away and out onto the main road. Although tempted to stop and write down his mental notes before he forgot them, Jim forced himself to wait until he got back to Stephen and Marion’s in case he was being observed. Parked in the driveway, he recovered his piece of paper from beneath the passenger seat, where he had hurriedly placed it and added a description of O’Hara to the car details that he already had. Then, pulling out his mobile phone Jim dialled Archie Long, although this time on the mobile number that Archie had given him earlier.
“Archie!” Jim said, when he answered. “Are you free to speak?”
“I am Jim, but good grief man, give me a chance. I haven’t managed to get anything yet.”
“No, I know you haven’t,” Jim apologised. “I’ve got something else though and I need you to check on it.”
“What?”
“I need another car traced Archie. The guy who was casing the back of the house. I’ve just seen him in a petrol station about ten minutes ago. I’m sure it’s not just coincidence”.
Jim relayed what information he had and Archie promised to get onto it straight away.
“Probably just as well that I hadn’t got anything on the first number,” Archie said. “Less questions at my end if I do it all at once.”
“Thanks Archie, I really appreciate it.” Jim knew that Archie was breaking the rules to get information that wasn’t subject to an official enquiry and that he would have major trouble if anyone found out.
“No problem.” Archie assured him. “I’ll phone you back as soon as I can.”
Jim disconnected the call and retrieved the milk from the back of the car, where he had wedged it behind the driver’s seat and then went to ring the front doorbell. Stephen had offered him a key, but he had refused. He never felt comfortable letting himself in to someone else’s house, even if it was his parents-in-law. Marion came to let him in and took the milk gratefully as he took his boots off at the front door.
“Any phone calls?” Jim asked.
“No, nothing.”
He checked his watch. “Not to worry. It’s still only 9:35 we shouldn’t get worried just yet. That’s probably what the kidnappers want – wind us up a bit, so that we’re more likely to agree to whatever they want when they do phone”.
It was over an hour later before the phone rang and then it was Jim’s mobile. He glanced at the display and saw that it was Archie.
“Hi Archie, what have you got?”
“Nothing on one, but bad news on the other I’m afraid,” Archie replied.
“Go on.”
“Well the black Volvo is a dead end. It was reported stolen in Southampton four days ago. The guy that owns it is a supermarket manager and he checks out. I wouldn’t think he’s involved in any way. The police report says it was stolen from the supermarket car park where he works last Thursday and there has been no trace of it since.”
“What about the other?” Jim asked.
“Well, that’s the bad news. The Fiat is a hire car and was rented in Liverpool at the start of last week. The i.d. that was provided when it was rented was in the name of Michael O’Hara and we’re pretty sure that’s his real name. The department has a file on him, but it’s fairly thin. The man’s with the IRA, although nothing has ever been pinned on him. We’re pretty sure he’s still active. Back in the mid 80’s there was an officer killed at a checkpoint near Newry by someone with a sniper rifle from over half a mile away. An incredible shot by all accounts. O’Hara was picked up in the area an hour later, but there was no evidence to pin it on him and the army had to let him go. There are also a couple of reports in his file that intelligence has linked him more recently to senior figures in Sinn Fein, but nothing more than that.”
“What do you think they’re after?” Jim asked.
“Jim, you need to be careful,” Archie replied. “I know you want to keep this under wraps, but I’ve had a word with Scott and we think they’re setting up a hit.”
Jim frowned. He would have preferred that no one else knew about the situation but Archie, but then he knew Scott Brown pretty well and couldn’t really fault Archie’s choice for someone to confide in.
“Have you heard anything else from them?” Archie asked.
“No, nothing. They’re supposed to be phoning back sometime today.”
“We don’t think there’s going to be any demand from the Kidnappers,” Archie said. “I thought it was a bit strange that they didn’t come straight out and say what they wanted on the phone yesterday, but if O’Hara is there to get you, then it would make sense. Kidnapping your wife and daughter gets them out of the way while the deed is done, it keeps you preoccupied in worrying about your family, rather than watching out for yourself, and the kidnappers can come up with demands that are simply there to manipulate you into being in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
Jim frowned. What Archie was saying made sense, but where did that leave Susan and Millie.
“What would you do in my position?” Jim asked.
“That’s a tough question mate. If it wasn’t for your wife and daughter, I’d do a runner and lay low somewhere. Trouble is, what’s going to happen to them if you disappear? No – on balance, I think if I were you, I’d try to get him before he got me. If you get to him first, you might make him tell you where they’re holding them – after all, you’re not going to be bound by the same rules as the police, are you?”
Jim rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
“I’ve got one last piece of information for you, which might prove useful – I think I know where he’s staying. The credit card that was used to hire the car in Liverpool has been used three times in the last week at the Moat House Hotel. It’s not far from Ringwood on the Bournemouth road.”
“Thanks Archie, I need to think about how I’m going to play this, but I really appreciate your help.”
“No problem. Listen, it’s your call, but I really think you should make this official. You could do with a hand on this you know.”
“No, not yet!” Jim insisted. “I don’t want the top brass calling the shots, when the lives of my wife and daughter are at stake.”
Archie sighed. “Fair enough. Well, I’ve sent you something that might help. It should arrive by courier just after lunch at your father in law’s. If you change your mind and decide that you do want help, let me know and I’ll mobilise the firm at this end.”
“Thanks Archie, I’ll keep you posted.” 
Jim hung up and put the phone back in his pocket. Stephen and Marion had left the room to give him some privacy when it was clear that it wasn’t the kidnappers and he found them sitting at the kitchen table.
“Bad news?” Stephen asked, suddenly looking all of his sixty-eight years.
Jim was straight with him. After all, it was his daughter and granddaughter as well.
“Looks bad,” Jim agreed.
He went on to give them a summary of what Archie had been able to tell him and then helped himself to a mug of tea, while he let the information sink in.
“The IRA?” Marion repeated, looking shocked.
“Jim got mixed up with them in the past when he worked for the intelligence services,” Stephen explained, giving his wife’s hand a reassuring squeeze. 
“If we know who’s involved though, surely we should call the police?”
“No, I don’t think so Stephen. What can the police do? If they pick up this man O’Hara, there’s nothing at all to prove he’s involved. What’s more, the IRA doesn’t make idle threats. The fact that they said Susan and Millie would suffer the consequences, makes me very wary indeed of involving the police.”
“So what then?”
“What I’m going to do,” Jim went on in a voice that was much steadier than he felt, “is try to get to O’Hara first, whilst we’ve got the advantage of surprise. He doesn’t know we’re on to him or that we know where he’s staying. If I can jump him when he’s on his own, we might be able to find out where Susan and Millie are being held. I can certainly be more persuasive than the police would be. Then we call in the authorities. Once we’ve got some information to give them.”
“What if it goes wrong though?” Marion objected.
“That’s why I’m giving you Archie’s number.” Jim pushed a piece of paper across the kitchen table. “I used to work with Archie and I trust him. It would be better to get the firm’s help rather than the police. They’re used to situations like this. You just need to remember that sometimes they’re more concerned with the bigger picture and the politics, rather than the individuals that are caught up in it.”
Stephen and Marion stared down at the piece of paper in a resigned manner.
“O.k.” Stephen’s tone was reluctant. “But on one condition. I don’t want to be responsible for something happening to you as well as Susan and Millie. I want some way of knowing what’s going on. Then if necessary I can phone this Archie chap and the police.”
“That’s reasonable,” Jim agreed.

Whilst Stephen and Marion finished their tea, Jim left them alone in case they should want to discuss the matter in private and went to make his preparations. Finding a copy of the Yellow Pages, he turned to the entry for The Moat House Hotel and jotted down its address and phone number, before checking on the map that he knew how to get there. Then, seeing that Stephen and Marion had gone through to the living room, he took the opportunity to borrow one of Marion’s kitchen knives from the knife block which stood on the work surface beside the cooker. He hoped that whatever Archie was sending would prove more appropriate if it came to the crunch, but a six inch knife of any description was still a dangerous weapon, particularly at close quarters in the hands of someone who knew how to use it.
Wolf padded around the kitchen, following in his footsteps and Jim stopped to stroke his head and share a digestive biscuit with him. “Don’t worry boy, I’ll get them back.” Wolf grinned his usual dog grin and wagged his tail as if today was just another day. If only that were true, Jim thought.
Jim picked up Marion’s kitchen roll, tore off several sheets and folded them around the blade of the knife before putting it out of sight in his jacket pocket. He would prefer that Marion didn’t see it. The thought of violence and the fact that he might have to use it would definitely upset her.
He joined his parents-in-law in the living room and found Stephen with a comforting arm around his wife’s shoulders. They looked up as he came in.
“Right, I’m going to check on the hotel. I’ve got my phone, so I’ll ring you every couple of hours and let you know what’s happening. If you don’t hear from me for any reason, phone Archie on the number I gave you and ask him to help.” 
“Take care Jim,” Stephen said, putting a fatherly hand on his shoulder. “We don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“Don’t worry Stephen – I’ll be careful. Phone me if you hear from the kidnappers.”
“We will.”
Marion held Wolf by the collar to stop him from following as Jim left and then turned to her husband as the door closed behind him. 
“I do hope he’ll be careful.”
Stephen frowned. “I’m sure he will. I think Jim can look after himself a lot better than either of us realise.”
FOUR


Sunday evening passed quickly for Susan and Millie. The flask of tea, that the masked men had left, was very welcome and so was the radio. Susan had recorded a short message for Jim with mixed feelings. It would be all too easy to edit the tape and make it say something completely different from what was intended. However, she didn’t want to defy their captors, since it seemed more than likely that they would carry out their earlier threats. In the end, she had compromised by keeping the message brief – that way it was harder to tamper with. Millie had also added a short message of her own, which she’d enjoyed doing and it did keep her mind off the situation. Susan wasn’t quite as worried about her now. She seemed to find the whole experience more exciting than threatening.
Shortly after they had finished the recording, there had been another knock at the door. Two masked men again entered, collected the tape and left their food. The taller of the two had clearly been the same man that had threatened them earlier, but the Irishman with the blue eyes had been replaced by a fatter man in shirt sleeves and smart trousers, who didn’t say a word. 
To Susan’s surprise, the food was good. A rich stew, which was full of carrots, onions and chunks of stewing beef accompanied by boiled potatoes and mashed turnip. Millie of course, turned her nose up at the turnip, but ate most of the rest. It appeared that they were to be well fed, because there was also a piece of apple pie each and a small jug of cream. Whoever had put their meal together was a good cook and Susan wondered if there was a woman involved, or whether one of the masked men had some experience in a kitchen.
As she put the empty plates on their tray and put it beside the door, Susan couldn’t help smiling to herself, despite the situation. At least she wouldn’t have to do the cooking or the washing up.
If the kidnappers didn’t want her to know the time, the radio had been a mistake. The news at 9.00 p.m. gave her an accurate time check and let her work out when they had come round from the drugs. Her watch now read 1.35 p.m. which meant they had been here just over 3 hours. They had been at the White Hart around 4.00 p.m. which meant the journey here must have taken two hours or less. Of course, she couldn’t rule out the use of a boat or even a plane, but in all likelihood they had been brought here by road. That meant if there was any opportunity to get out, they might not have too far to go to find help.
After their meal, Millie fell asleep on the battered settee. Despite its appearance, it was actually quite comfortable and Susan decided to let her stay there for the night, covering her with a blanket from the bed.
It had been dark outside for some time when Susan began to prepare for bed herself. In the bathroom she switched the lights off and waited for her eyesight to adjust to the darkness, before she stripped down to her underwear for a wash. A red indicator light winked on and off at regular intervals on the body of the camera above the door and she presumed that when it was off, the signal was being taken from the camera in the other room. With the door closed there was very little light at all and whilst she could just about make out the bath and the sink, she was fairly sure that the camera wouldn’t be able to pick up a picture.
After cleaning her teeth with the new toothbrush and the toothpaste that had been provided, Susan dressed once more, switched the lights off in the main room and lay down on the bed, pulling the covers up over herself.
For most of the evening, they had listened to the radio and this was still switched on and playing quietly in the background. Susan didn’t think there was a microphone linked to the cameras, but if there was, the radio would be useful. Her plan was to wait for at least an hour before she got up and explored their prison more closely. The radio would help to mask any noise and getting up to turn it off would provide a valid reason for stumbling around in the darkness, should she be interrupted.
At 12.50 by her now accurate watch, Susan climbed out of bed and in stocking feet walked softly across the room to the door. Pressing an ear to the keyhole, she listened closely, breathing shallowly but could hear nothing. That was good. Earlier in the evening, she had been able to make out the sounds of someone moving around in another room and it seemed that with them safely under lock and key, whoever it was had turned in for the night.
On the settee, Mille was sleeping soundly and Susan didn’t disturb her. Taking her keys from her bag, she found the minute torch that hung from the key ring and slipped it off the chain.
It was almost two hours later when Susan eventually climbed back into bed. During that time, she had checked every inch of the two rooms. Neither the windows nor the door offered any possibility of escape, as both were solid. The floor was timber and could easily have a crawling space beneath it, but despite a lengthy inspection, there were no loose boards and with no tools it would be impossible to lift any of them. The roof however was different. In the bathroom, the water pipes came down through the ceiling and Susan was sure she had felt a draft of air when she put her hand close to the small gap in the plasterboard, where they entered. If they could get through the plasterboard, there must be a loft space of some sort and possibly a chance of escape by that route.
Lying in bed, Susan ran over her options and the possible implications, trying to come to a decision. If she didn’t have Millie with her, she would certainly try to break through the ceiling, but could the two of them do it? She thought of leaving Millie behind and trying to get out and go for help herself, then ruled that out as a bad idea. She just couldn’t leave Millie behind. What if they were caught trying to get away? What would the kidnappers do to them? On the other hand, what would the kidnappers do with them if they didn’t get away? Perhaps the kidnappers would get what they wanted and let them go? Or, God forbid, maybe they would come to some horrible end, neither of them to be seen ever again. With these thoughts running round and around in her head, Susan eventually drifted into a troubled sleep.

The Moat House Hotel was just south of Ringwood on the A338. Set back from the road in large grounds, it was surrounded by trees and had a car park to the front. Jim had driven past it twice already, but could see no sign of O’Hara’s blue Fiat. The third time round, he parked the car across the road, where he could watch anyone coming or going and rang the hotel reception on his mobile.
A girl answered.
“Hello, Moat House Hotel.”
“Hello, can you tell me what room Mr O’Hara is in please?”
“I’ll just check for you sir.” There was a short pause and then. “He’s in room 22.”
“Could you put me through?”
“Certainly, please hold the line.”
The line went quiet for a moment and then Jim heard a ringing tone at the other end as he was put through. Nearly a minute later, the call transferred back to the switchboard.
“I’m sorry sir but there doesn’t seem to be any reply. I’m afraid Mr O’Hara must be out.”
“Never mind. I’ll try again later. Thank you.”
Jim disconnected the call and put the phone away. So O’Hara was out. If that was the case, he had an opportunity to get in and look around

Leaving the car where it was, Jim crossed the road and walked up to the hotel. Thankfully it was quite a large place and unlikely that anyone would know that he wasn’t a guest.
As he entered the building, a young girl smiled at him from the reception desk. He returned the smile as he walked past and on up the stairs, as if he knew exactly where he was going. Room 22 was halfway down the corridor on the second floor. Having checked to make sure no one was around, Jim put his ear to the door. Nothing. No sound at all could be heard from inside, so he tried the handle. As he’d expected, the room was locked, but that needn’t be a problem.
On his way in Jim had seen a dozen room keys hanging in an ordered row behind the reception desk and beneath a row of numbered pigeon holes. Retracing his steps, he hurried downstairs to see how he might pick up those for room 22. The girl at the desk looked up as he approached. Jim was tempted to just claim that he was O’Hara and simply ask for them, but decided against it. It was probably the girl that had answered the phone to him, in which case she might be suspicious. Seeing that the cash register was at the far end of the reception area, Jim pulled out his wallet.
“You couldn’t change a £10 note for me could you?” he asked.
“Certainly sir, what would you like?”
“Oh, just some change for the cigarette machine please.”
As the girl walked to the till with the note in her hand, Jim stepped quietly behind the desk, picked up the keys from the hook marked 22 and stepped back to his own side of the counter. The girl still had her back to him and he would have had time to go back and pick up another set or two, had he chosen to do so.
“There you are,” the girl said, giving Jim back a £5 note and a handful of change.
“Thanks.”
He walked away in the direction of the hotel bar and for the sake of his lie, bought a packet of cigarettes from the vending machine, before going back upstairs. Back at the door of room 22, he looked up and down the corridor, turned the key in the lock and stepped inside, closing the door gently behind him.
It was a normal twin room. Two single beds, a television set in the corner, the usual electric trouser press and a small en-suite bathroom. The beds had already been made. That was good. There wouldn’t be any interruption from hotel staff coming to change sheets and clean the room. 
Jim crossed to the window and looked outside. The room was to the front of the hotel and overlooked the car park. Thankfully there was still no sign of O’Hara’s Fiat. He went to work quickly, starting with the drawers. Nothing of importance there, just clean shirts, socks and underwear. The wardrobe was no better, holding three pairs of trousers, a coat and a casual jacket. Jim checked the pockets, but found nothing other than a crumpled till receipt which bore the name and address of a chemist shop in Belfast. At least it confirmed where O’Hara had come from. The bathroom also failed to yield anything significant. Behind the sink, O’Hara had arranged his toothbrush, toothpaste, soap, shampoo and after shave, whilst an electric shaver was still plugged into the two pin socket, its red L.E.D. blinking intermittently to tell whoever might be interested that it was now fully charged. Back in the bedroom, the last thing to check was O’Hara’s suitcase, which stood beside the wardrobe. Jim lifted the case onto the nearest bed, flicked open the catches and lifted the lid. Result! – The only item inside was an A4 cardboard folder with a rubber band around it. Jim pulled the band off and took out the contents carefully. Within the folder were at least two dozen colour photographs, most with writing on the back. Jim flicked through them slowly. A picture of his in-law’s house with their address on the back, a picture of Stephen himself, two pictures of Jim’s own house – one from the front and one from the back. A picture of Susan with Millie outside the local shops, two photographs of their offices in Ringwood and one of Millie’s school. A picture of Jim himself leaving the office. To the back of the photographs were a number of pictures of two unknown faces – one a thin faced man in his early forties and the other an older man, perhaps in his fifties with more weathered features and a decidedly unpleasant look about him. Jim turned the pictures over and read the notes on the reverse. Each had the name of its subject and a location scribbled on the back in pencil. His own picture bore the caption ‘Jim Turner’ followed by their office address in Ringwood, whilst the next one had ‘Millie Turner’ and the address of her school. Jim flicked on to the pictures of the unknown men. On the back of the younger man’s picture it read ‘Liam Quinn – Heathrow Airport, whilst on the back of the older man’s there was a question mark also followed by ‘Heathrow Airport’. The question mark had subsequently been crossed out and the name ‘Walker’ written in beside it. Jim jotted the two names down on the back of a till receipt that he found in his wallet. He would have liked to keep a picture of the two men, but decided it wasn’t worth the risk of alerting O’Hara to the fact that his room had been searched. Instead, Jim scanned through the pictures one more time, carefully put them back into the folder, returned this to the suitcase and then replaced the suitcase itself where he had found it beside the wardrobe.
The room looked undisturbed, but nevertheless Jim walked around again, checking that everything was as he’d found it. A glance through the window confirmed that there was still no sign of O’Hara’s Fiat, so after one last look round the room, Jim stepped into the corridor and locked the door behind him. 
Rather than return to reception, Jim turned and walked in the other direction to familiarise himself with the layout of the hotel. At the far end of the building he found a flight of stairs leading down to the lounge bar at the back, which at that time of day was deserted. A steel grill was pulled down over the bar itself and there was a smell of stale tobacco smoke about the place. Walking through the bar and back towards the front of the hotel, Jim passed the receptionist hurrying in the other direction and he entered the reception area to find it conveniently unattended. Taking advantage of the opportunity, he quickly hung the keys back on their numbered hook, left through the revolving door, and walked back to the car.
After another fifteen minutes spent watching from across the road, Jim decided that he would need to look for O’Hara elsewhere and he started the engine. O’Hara wasn’t at the hotel, nor had there been any sign of him at Stephen and Marion’s place when he’d left earlier. In the absence of anywhere else to look, he decided he would make the short drive back to his own house, check if there was any sign of the blue Fiat on the surrounding roads and if not, he would check in with Stephen, before returning to the hotel, to await O’Hara’s return.
Under normal circumstances, the drive home would have been pleasant. The sun was shining from a clear blue sky and the Forest ponies were out in force, grazing along the verges. Today, Jim didn’t appreciate any of it. He was too caught up in his thoughts of Susan and Millie to pay any attention to the countryside although as he drove, he did make a regular check in his mirror in case he was being followed.
Back at their own house, everything looked in order. A quick tour of the neighbourhood proved fruitless. There was no trace at all of a blue Fiat and Jim was starting to think he should have just stayed put at the hotel. Inside the house, nothing had been disturbed. The message for Susan was still taped to the hallway door and when he checked the answering machine, no one had called.
Jim walked through to the kitchen, made himself a cup of coffee and stepped outside into the garden. Another nocturnal visitor had been digging in the flowerbed beside the path and the birds were still singing in the trees. Everything looked so normal. It was hard to believe that he couldn’t just turn around and walk back into the house to find Susan in the kitchen and Millie running about creating her usual mayhem. He sat down on the steps outside the back door and as he did, his mobile phone rang.

Once Jim had driven away, Stephen and Marion sat down to have a frank discussion about the situation they now found themselves in. If the man called O’Hara was with the IRA, then who could tell what his motives might be. Surely after all this time, the IRA weren’t still after Jim? So much had changed in the intervening years. Even if they were, it seemed to Stephen far more likely that they would try to take Jim unawares, rather than kidnap his wife and daughter. He supposed there was always the possibility that they were going to make Jim jump through hoops and exact some sort of twisted revenge. However, Stephen couldn’t help feeling that any kidnap meant there was going to be a demand for money somewhere along the line. Both he and Marion had decided that when that demand came, they would prefer to pay up, rather than risk the lives of their daughter and granddaughter. For that reason, they were now sitting in Stephen’s study, where they had been for some time, surrounded by piles of neatly ordered paperwork. Marion was keeping the papers in order, whilst Stephen compiled a list of their investments and used the phone and the internet to obtain current valuations and balances of their various accounts.
“Right, I think that’s the lot,” Stephen said, as he finished adding a column of figures.
“How much does it come to?” Marion asked.
“I make it just over one million, two hundred thousand, excluding the value of the house and our shares in the business.”
Stephen scratched his head thoughtfully. “The problem is that it will take us at least a week to turn it into cash. Most of this is in shares and managed funds, which we need to sell or cash in.”
“What about the bank?” Marion asked, leaning over Stephen’s shoulder to look at the figures.
“Oh, I’ve spoken to them already. They’ll give us up to £100,000 on an unsecured overdraft on the strength of the business connection with them. Anything over that will need to be secured, which will take as long to arrange as it would to sell the investments themselves. If we’re just looking at cash, we can raise about £200,000 now – that’s £100,000 from the bank, about £60,000 that we have in savings accounts and we can get the rest as cash withdrawals on our credit cards.”
“Perhaps that will be enough,” Marion said, massaging Stephen’s shoulders, where she could feel the muscles knotted with tension.
“I doubt it,” Stephen disagreed. “I wish they’d just hurry up and tell us exactly what they do want.”
Marion glanced at her watch. “Why don’t we go downstairs and have some lunch? It’s 12:30 p.m. already and Jim said he would phone to let us know he’s o.k. Perhaps he’ll have some news?”
“Maybe,” Stephen said, without much hope.
“I’ll go and put the kettle on and make us something light to eat. You tidy the rest of this away and come down. We’ll go and sit out in the garden for a while.”
Stephen agreed with a sigh and started to gather up the remaining papers, slotting them back into the filing cabinets from which they had come. Marion hadn’t been gone for more than a few minutes, when the phone rang.
“I’ll get it,” Stephen shouted, as he hurried down the stairs to the living room. He could have picked it up in his study, but he wanted to get to the tape recorder that was still attached to the living room phone. Switching it on, he picked up the phone and answered, slightly out of breath.
“Hello.”
“Is that Mr Reid?” an Irish voice asked from the other end.
“Yes it is.” Stephen was mindful that they’d put the phone down on him the day before and resolved to keep calm.
“You know who I am?” the voice asked. “We spoke yesterday.”
“Yes, of course!” Stephen replied. “What do you want?”
“Well now,” the voice continued, “just you listen now and I’ll tell you.”
Stephen waved frantically at Marion, to indicate that it was the kidnappers on the phone and at the same time, picked up a pen and paper from beside the phone so that he could make a note of their demands.
“You have a ministry of defence contract at the moment Mr Reid”.
“Yes,” Stephen agreed. “In fact we’ve got more than one just now.”
“We’re interested in something called ‘The K2 Driver’. It’s a box of electronics about the size of a car radio.”
“Yes. I know it. We’ve been working on it for a couple of weeks now. There’s a bug somewhere in the software. It’s proving more difficult to sort out than we had thought.”
“Where is it at the moment?” the Irishman asked.
“It’s in the office.”
“That’s all we want from you.”
“Nothing else?” Stephen asked, with a note of surprise in his voice.
“No nothing. Now that’s a pleasant surprise for you isn’t it? All you need to do is pick it up and then we can arrange to exchange it for your daughter and your grand-daughter. Is that agreed?”
Stephen paused for a moment before confirming, “Yes. Yes of course. I’ll go and get it straight away.”
“Good. Don’t be long. We’ll phone back shortly.”
The phone went dead and Stephen put the receiver down, with a puzzled look on his face.
“All they want is some box of electronics that we’ve been working on at the office.”
“Can you get it for them?” Marion asked.
“Yes. Last time I saw it, it was plugged into Mark Brennan’s computer, so that he could run some tests on it. That was last Wednesday or Thursday. I’ll give him a ring.”
Stephen switched off the tape recorder and disappeared upstairs to phone Mark from his study. Marion let herself relax just a fraction. Maybe it was going to be alright after all. All they needed to do was hand over what they wanted and Susan and Millie would be released. 
The heavy tread of Stephen coming back down the stairs told her something was wrong, even before he appeared and she saw the expression on his face.
“What is it?”
“It’s gone,” Stephen replied. “Someone from the Ministry of Defence picked it up on Friday. Mark told them we hadn’t got to the bottom of the problem. That we needed more time, but they said they wanted it back anyway.”
Marion just stood there, unable to think clearly.
“What are we going to do?” she eventually said.
“I wonder if they know what it looks like?” Stephen muttered to himself, thinking out loud. “Maybe we could give them something else and persuade them it’s what they’re after. It shouldn’t be difficult to rig up something that looks like it. Mark will have some data on it, which should give us an idea of what it’s supposed to do.”
“Is that wise?” asked Marion.
“Well what else can we do? We can’t just tell them we don’t have it. I need to phone Jim and let him know.
At that moment, the doorbell rang and they both jumped.
“I’ll get it,” Stephen said, as he hurried to the front door.
He came back carrying a small package, about the size of a shoebox, which had been delivered by courier, and which was addressed to Jim.
“Shall I open it?” Stephen asked.
“No you won’t!” Marion exclaimed, taking it from him and putting it on the table. “We’ll call him and let him know that the kidnappers have phoned.”
Marion picked up the phone and then as a thought crossed her mind, she dialled 1471. An automated voice at the other end announced “the number of the last person to call you is 07951 843 229, received today, at 12.42 p.m.” Marion scribbled the number on the pad beside the phone and looked at her husband.
“What is it?” he asked.
“They haven’t withheld their number. 
“Is it a mobile?” Stephen asked.
“Yes.”
“It’ll just be a pay-as-you-go contract. Not possible to trace it and probably stolen anyway.”
He frowned as a thought struck him. “At least that’s what you’d expect. Marion, you phone Jim and let him know what’s happening. I’m going upstairs to get the office on the other line.”
Marion watched him hurry away. She knew the signs well. Stephen had an idea and he was away to see if he could make anything of it. In more normal times, he would suddenly disappear into his study and she wouldn’t see him for hours on end until he had either worked through whatever idea he’d had, or she had to go and plead with him to stop for something to eat, or to come to bed. If he had some clue as to how the phone that had been used to call them could be traced, then he could have all the time that he needed.
Marion picked up the phone and dialled Jim, getting an answer straight away.
“Jim, where are you?”
“I’m at home,” he replied. “There’s no sign of O’Hara at the hotel and nothing here either.”
“The kidnappers have phoned. They want something the company has been working on”
“What?”
“I’m not quite sure. But Stephen says it’s not at the office anymore.”
“I’ll be right over.”
“Oh Jim, before you go. There’s a package for you here as well. It arrived just after the phone call.”
“It’s probably from Archie. Just to be on the safe side though, don’t touch it. I’ll have a look at it when I get there.”
Jim hurried back into the house, switched everything off and then locked the front door behind him as he went back to the car.
Half an hour later, he was back with Stephen and Marion and they were listening to the tape of the kidnappers’ call.
“What is this K2 Driver?” Jim asked, looking enquiringly at his father-in-law.
“I’m not entirely sure to be honest. It’s something we got in from the M.O.D. quite recently. Mark Brennan has been working on it. It’s basically a box of electronics that is designed to link up with one or more units and act as the brains for a whole system. There’s a bug in the thing somewhere and it keeps crashing. Mark has gone through most of the preliminary work and was going to run over the programming with me, but he says the M.O.D. picked it up from the office on Friday afternoon.”
Jim raised his eyebrows. “That looks suspiciously like they knew something was going on.”
“So what are we going to tell them?” Marion interrupted. “They said they were going to phone back.”
“Well,” Stephen replied, not wishing to leave all the decisions to his son-in-law. “We either go with the truth and tell them that we don’t have it any more, or we put together a box of electronics that looks just like it and hope that they can’t tell the difference.” Another thought struck him. “Or I suppose we could try to get the real thing back again.”
“I think we can rule out the last option,” Jim said. “If the M.O.D. have picked it up without the work being complete, it’s because they’re worried about it. Although, having said that, I don’t suppose a phone call would do any harm. They’d probably expect us to ask why they’ve taken it back again and whether we’re going to get paid for the work that we’ve already done. Why don’t you give them a ring? Ask them what’s happening and whether they want the job finished – see what sort of reaction you get. In the meantime, I think we should try and stall. How about some story that it’s gone away for tests and won’t be back until tomorrow?”
“And what do we do tomorrow?” Marion asked.
“I think Stephen’s idea that we put together a fake box of electronics is a good one. If we’ve not got any other option, we’ll try to bluff it. I bet there’s a good chance that whoever has been making the calls wouldn’t know if we were giving them the real thing or not. How realistic could you make it?”
“Oh, we can make it pretty realistic,” Stephen replied. “We know what it looks like and Mark has got a fair amount of data on it. We can probably make a dummy that does a couple of things that the real box is supposed to do and bearing in mind that the real one isn’t working properly anyway, it might just fool them.”
Having agreed on a plan, Jim went to look at the package that had arrived earlier and was still sitting on the work surface in the kitchen. The writing on the front was familiar and he recognised the neat hand as that of Archie Long. He picked it up, surprised at the weight of it and opened it carefully at one end with the kitchen scissors. Inside, there was a heavy packet wrapped in greaseproof paper, a cardboard box which rattled in a familiar way when he took it out and two plastic cylinders about three inches long, each of which had a length of wire wrapped around it and a switch at one end. An unsigned note was taped to the cylinders with Archie’s writing on it:-
“GPS trackers. If you get the opportunity, put one on the Irishman’s car and I can tell you where it’s been and when. Make sure you switch it on first. The batteries will last about 10 days. You’ll know what to do with the rest.”
Jim put the cylinders to one side and put the other items on the table in front of him. He didn’t need to open the square cardboard box. He knew from the weight and the slightly oily smell that it was a box of shells. He also knew what to expect when he unwrapped the final package from its greaseproof paper. Inside, he found an old .38 inch Smith & Wesson revolver. Jim couldn’t help thinking how typical that was of Archie. The gun was old, but had been well looked after. Given the choice, he would have preferred a semi-automatic, either a Colt or a Browning, but the Smith & Wesson was definitely an improvement on the kitchen knife that he still had in his jacket. Archie never was a fan of automatics. He always said they jammed when you really needed them and they were never as accurate as a good revolver.
Stephen had followed him into the kitchen and was watching him wipe down the gun with a piece of kitchen roll, removing the film of oil that covered it. 
“I’d rather you didn’t let Marion see that. It’ll only upset her.”
Jim nodded. “I’ll put it in the car.”
Marion hadn’t followed Stephen into the kitchen, almost as if she knew that she wouldn’t want to see the contents of the package. Jim slipped out of the front door, lodged the gun safely in the glove compartment of the car and was back before Marion knew he had been out.
He handed one of the cylinders to Stephen. “If you build a dummy of this ‘K2 driver’ will there be room to fit that inside it?”
“Easily,” Stephen agreed. “What is it?”
“According to Archie it’s a GPS tracker. He says in his note that once it’s switched on he can tell us where it has been and when. I presume it works like the hand held units that walkers use. These seem to have a transmitter built in as well, which means that if we can build one into a box of dummy electronics and hand it over to the kidnappers, we’ll be able to find out where they go with it.”
“I’ll get on to it now,” Stephen said. “I’ll take Marion into the office with me; I’d prefer not to leave her alone in the house while all this is going on.”
“I think that’s sensible,” Jim agreed.
“How did you get on this morning?” Stephen asked.
“No sign of O’Hara anywhere, I’m afraid. I’ll go back to the hotel and wait for him while you and Marion go into the office. He’s bound to show up at some point.”
Stephen nodded as they both returned to the living room to join Marion.
“Marion, when did you last come in to the office?” Stephen asked.
“Oh, I haven’t been in for a long time.”
“Well how about coming in this afternoon. Jim is going back to the hotel to see if that man O’Hara shows up and we’ve got a box of electronics to put together.”
“But I’ll be no help with any of that.”
“That doesn’t matter; I could do with the company and someone reliable to pass me the tools.”
Marion agreed somewhat reluctantly and went to get her coat.
In the driveway Stephen put a hand on Jim’s arm as he opened the car door.
“Same as before Jim. I’ll be expecting a regular phone call from you to let me know that you’re o.k. And don’t take any risks. Remember you’re as much a part of this family as Susan is.”
Jim nodded. “Don’t worry. I’ll call.”
Stephen and Marion watched him drive away, before Stephen put the Range Rover into gear, pulled out of the driveway and turned in the direction of the office.
FIVE


Jim got back to the Moat House just after 3.30 p.m. There was still no sign of a blue Fiat in the car park, so he left the Land Rover out of sight a short distance beyond the hotel. The knife was still in his jacket pocket, but there was no room for the gun, which was too bulky. A quick search of the car yielded an old cloth that the gun could be wrapped in, but nothing else that would adequately conceal it. Jim grunted in annoyance, and then remembered the plastic bag with odds and ends for the car that was tucked away under the passenger seat. Leaning over, he fumbled under the seat with one hand and was rewarded by a rustling sound as his hand closed on the carrier bag. He pulled it out and emptied the contents onto the floor. Ice scraper, tin of polish, touch up stick, bottle of screen wash, pair of disposable gloves. He pushed everything back under the seat, wrapped the gun in the old cloth that he kept for wiping the windows, put it in the carrier bag and held it up critically for inspection. Yes, that was suitably anonymous. No one would know what was in there and he could get at the weapon quickly if he needed to. 
He walked back to the hotel, casting an eye over the surroundings as he went. The hotel was isolated, standing as it did in its own grounds a good distance away from any other building, surrounded on three sides by lawns, trees and well tended flowerbeds. A young couple, who Jim presumed to be guests, were taking advantage of the good weather and strolled past him, deep in conversation. The car park at the front held a few more cars than it had earlier in the day, whilst to the back of the hotel, the bar was now open for business. One or two of the tables that stood outside, were occupied and a young lady was going round with a tray, collecting empty glasses. Jim headed towards the rear of the building and found that he could walk straight in through open French windows to the lounge bar that had been deserted earlier in the day. The steel grill that had protected the pumps and row of optics was now gone and two elderly gentlemen were waiting patiently for the barmaid, who was on her way back with a tray full of empties.
Jim waited for the two to be served and then ordered a fresh orange and lemonade. The girl behind the bar smiled at him and asked if he would like it on his bill.
“No thanks,” he replied, handing her a five pound note and getting a handful of change in return.
A pile of newspapers lay on a table in the middle of the lounge and Jim picked up a copy of the Telegraph as he made his way back outside. Some of the tables on the patio area were occupied but he found a seat at one that was near to the corner of the building, where he had a good view of the entrance to the car park. Leaving his drink and paper to reserve his place, Jim walked round to the front again to make sure that O’Hara hadn’t arrived whilst he was inside. Having satisfied himself that O’Hara’s blue Fiat was still not there, he returned to his seat and settled down to wait.
After an hour with the Daily Telegraph, Jim looked at his watch and frowned. There was still no sign of the Irishman and he decided to check in with Stephen and Marion as promised, so they didn’t worry. A brief phone call would let them know that he was o.k. and that as yet, he hadn’t been able to track down O’Hara. Both of them were still at the office and it was Marion who answered Stephen’s mobile. Stephen was apparently in the middle of something, whilst Mark Brennan was putting various bits of electronics together in a mock up of the unit that had been returned to the M.O.D. Satisfied that they weren’t worried, Jim left them to it, put his phone away and picked up the paper once more. 
He had been waiting for a good hour and a half and was beginning to think that he should move to another vantage point to avoid looking suspicious, when a car turned into the car park. Jim looked up and recognised the Fiat. Picking up his plastic bag, he finished off the last inch of his second orange juice, folded his paper and walked quickly back into the bar. A glance at his watch told him it was just after 5.00 p.m. Unfortunate timing. Anyone staying at the hotel on business would be returning from their day’s work about now although Jim would prefer the hotel corridors to be empty if possible. Never mind, he would just have to manage. 
Leaving the paper in the bar, he walked up the rear stairs to the second floor and was relieved to find the corridor deserted. At the front of the building, the stairwell was next to the lift shaft and he was faced with a choice. Would O’Hara take the lift or use the stairs? The decision was made for him by the sound of the lift coming up from below. Jim took the revolver out of its plastic bag and held the gun ready in his left hand, his jacket casually folded over his arm to conceal it. The indicator lights above the lift said it had stopped on the first floor and Jim turned back to the stairs. Opening the door to the stairwell, he listened carefully, but heard nothing. Behind him the lift started again and he turned to check if it was coming up or going down. The lights above the lift doors blinked to indicate that it was on its way up and with no noise of anyone on the stairs; Jim closed the door behind him and waited at the top of the stair, where he could see both the lift and the corridor through the wire reinforced glass of the door. He found he was shaking slightly and his palms were sweaty from what? – Nerves? Fear? Excitement? He took a couple of deep breaths and consciously relaxed his tensed muscles.
In the corridor, the lift opened and a middle aged woman stepped out. There was still no sound on the stairs below and Jim leant forward for a better view. Behind the woman was a man carrying a suitcase and behind him, O’Hara. Damn! Why couldn’t he have stepped out of the lift alone? He’d just have to wait until he was in his room and get him to come to the door. Jim watched the couple checking the room numbers and then turn right, walking in the opposite direction to room 22. O’Hara turned left, in the direction of his own room and Jim mentally crossed his fingers as he quietly opened the stair door and stepped into the corridor behind him. To his right the couple were already opening the door to their room, whilst to his left, he had a view of O’Hara’s back receding down the corridor. The couple’s bedroom door closed with a thud behind them and Jim walked quickly and quietly after O’Hara.

As O’Hara reached into his pocket for the key, the sound of footsteps behind him made him turn. Jim was only a few yards away and he pulled the gun out from under his folded jacket, levelling it at O’Hara’s stomach. If O’Hara was shocked, he hid it well. The man hardly batted an eyelid. He simply stopped in his tracks, waiting to see what Jim would do. The man even kept his hand in his pocket, as if unwilling to take out the key, in case it provoked a disproportionate reaction from him.
“You’d better unlock the door and let us in,” Jim said in a voice that was steadier than he felt.
“You’re not going to do anything hasty now, are you?” O’Hara asked in a voice that was calm and collected.
“Not if you do as you’re told,” Jim replied. “Now open the door and leave the key in the lock.”
O’Hara did as he was told and waited at the open door for instructions.
“In,” Jim instructed. “Six paces forward and then wait. Don’t turn round. Don’t make any sudden moves. If you try anything, you’ll get a bullet in the leg”.
O’Hara followed the instructions and stepped into the hotel room, stopping with his back to him in front of the small dressing table. Jim stepped into the room behind him, took the key from the lock and closed the door.
“It’ll make a hell of a noise you know.”
“What will?” Jim asked.
“The sound of that gun going off in a small room like this.”
“No it won’t,” Jim replied. “It’ll completely ruin my jacket, when I use it to muffle the sound, but you’d be lucky if you could even hear it in the next room.”
O’Hara just grunted. 
“Can I assume you’re not going to be stupid?” Jim asked. “It would be a shame to ruin a good jacket and I expect you’d prefer not to have a hole in your leg?”
“I’ll co-operate,” O’Hara replied. “Just don’t let the thing go off by mistake.”
Being over cautious, Jim peered round the door into the en-suite bathroom. Nothing had been moved and the electric shaver still winked away behind the sink, asking to be unplugged.
“Are you expecting someone else?” O’Hara asked.
“Just being careful,” Jim replied. “Now, empty your pockets.”
O’Hara was dressed as before in a pair of dark jeans and a sweatshirt. His trouser pockets contained very little – a set of car keys, a handkerchief, a brown leather wallet in his back pocket and a small mobile phone, which he turned off before putting everything down on the bed.
“Take your sweatshirt off,” Jim instructed.
“Why?” O’Hara asked.
“Never mind why. Just do it.”
O’Hara pulled the sweatshirt over his head and dropped it onto the bed beside his other possessions. Underneath he wore a navy polo shirt, which was tucked neatly into the top of his jeans.
“Lift your arms and turn round.”
O’Hara turned round slowly. “You’re not going to shoot me are you?”
“Don’t worry. I don’t intend to unless I have to.”
Satisfied O’Hara didn’t have a gun in a concealed holster; Jim motioned for him to drop his arms.
“Roll up your trouser legs.”
“What?”
“Just do it. Up to your knees.”
O’Hara obliged, revealing a flat knife in a slim leather sheath, held to his lower leg by two straps, one above the ankle and one just below the knee.
“Take that off as well.”
O’Hara went to take the knife out of its sheath.
“No. Leave it in there. Just undo the straps.”
O’Hara did as instructed and tossed the knife onto the bed next to his sweatshirt. Jim took a pace forward and picked it up. “You can put the sweatshirt back on if you want to. Then take a seat.” He gestured to the single armchair that stood in the corner of the room by the window.
Once O’Hara had sat down, Jim took a seat himself on the end of the bed, a safe distance away, in case O’Hara should try anything.
“I’ll come straight to the point,” Jim said. “Where are my wife and daughter?”
“How should I know? I’ve never met your wife and daughter. Look, what’s this all about?”
“Do you know who I am?” Jim asked.
“I haven’t a clue. I’m just here on business.”
“Sure you are. All businessmen have knives strapped to their leg underneath their trousers. Let me ask you another. Do you know where I live?” 
“No, of course not. Why on earth should I know where you live?”
“I’m going to give you one warning and only one warning.” Jim took the knife that he still held out of its sheath and tested the balance. “I’ll tell you what I know about you and then I’m going to ask you some questions. If I don’t like the answers, the next half an hour is going to be rather painful for you. Do you understand?”
Jim looked at O’Hara for some acknowledgement and got a half nod in reply.
“If you don’t know who I am, then why have you got a stack of photographs in your suitcase over there with pictures of me and my family? O’Hara’s eyes followed the end of the revolver as Jim gestured towards the wardrobe. “Also, if you don’t know where I live, why were you watching my house from the woods at the bottom of my garden on Sunday morning?”
Jim watched for any reaction on the man’s face, but didn’t get any, so he carried on.
“I know your name is O’Hara, or at least the name on your credit card is O’Hara, as you’ll recall that we met briefly at the petrol station near my parents in law’s house only this morning.”
O’Hara looked at Jim but said nothing.
“Your turn,” Jim prompted.
“O.k.” he replied with resignation. “You’re right. I was at your house on Sunday and I do have pictures of you in my suitcase, but I can explain.”
“Go on then.” 

“I work for the Irish Intelligence Service. Eire that is, not the north. There’s an i.d. card in my wallet if you care to look.”
Jim picked up the wallet from the bed and flipped it open. As well as a couple of credit cards and half a dozen bank notes, there was indeed a plastic i.d. card with O’Hara’s name and picture on it. It looked completely genuine, but then if O’Hara was with the IRA, he was sure that they could produce a fake i.d.
“Keep going,” Jim said.
“We’re after a London gang. They’ve blackmailed a rather prominent businessman in Dublin and we have information that their next target is either yourself or your father in law.”
“Where are they?” Jim asked.
“That’s the trouble. We don’t know. My brief is to keep you and Mr Reid under surveillance and wait for them to make contact.”
“If this is all official then, why aren’t the police involved?” Jim asked. “Or the security services over here.”
“We can’t. The matter is far too sensitive. If we involve the authorities here, they’ll need to know about the situation in Dublin and we can’t let that happen. In fact bearing in mind that I work for a foreign government, the authorities would take a pretty dim view of what I’ve been up to already, if they knew anything about it.”
The expression on O’Hara’s face and his body language gave nothing away. What he said could be complete rubbish, or there might just be some grain of truth in it.
“What do you know about the gang?” Jim asked.
“Not a lot.” O’Hara replied, and then volunteered, “There are a couple of pictures in my suitcase of the two that we know of and I’ve got a file with more information down in the car.”
O’Hara stood up purposefully. “I’ll go and get it for you.”
“No you won’t.” Jim waved the gun at him and motioned for him to sit down again.
He needed to check the story before he let things get too serious. What if Archie was wrong and the guy really did work for Irish Intelligence? He wasn’t going to get Susan and Millie back by getting heavy handed if the man wasn’t one of them. The best option was to get his man to somewhere more secure and then make a few phone calls and check if the i.d. card was genuine. The stables back at the house would do. They were pretty isolated, which was a good thing. If O’Hara’s story didn’t check out and he had to resort to violence to get some answers, he couldn’t really do that in O’Hara’s hotel room.
“O.k.” Jim agreed. “We’ll go and fetch whatever you’ve got in the car.”
O’Hara stood up and Jim threw his wallet back to him.
“Can I have my other stuff back as well?” 
“Sure.” Jim picked up the knife and stepped away from the bed. “Help yourself. I’ll hang on to this for the time being.”
O’Hara picked up his car keys and phone and put them back in his pocket, then turned to the door.
“Not so fast,” Jim ordered. “I need to check out your story first. Until I’ve done that you’re one of the kidnappers. That means your welfare is not a high priority and if you try anything, I’m going to put a bullet into you. Is that understood?”
“Understood,” O’Hara agreed. “You make it quite clear.”
“Good. Now we’re going to leave together. I’ll walk a few paces behind, covering you with the gun under my jacket. We’re going to go out by the stairs to the front of the building. If I ask you to stop, I want you to stop immediately. Is that agreed?”
“Yes.” 

O’Hara walked slowly into the corridor, leaving the bedroom door open behind him and stopped at Jim’s request a few paces further on. Jim closed the door behind him and pocketed the key. The two walked calmly down the corridor, Jim following five or six paces behind the Irishman with the gun levelled at his back and covered by his jacket, which was draped casually over his arm. Behind them a door opened and a woman stepped into the corridor. O’Hara glanced round briefly and Jim motioned for him to keep going. The woman paused for a second, but then turned in the other direction and walked towards the back of the building. Arriving at the head of the stairs, Jim closed up behind O’Hara and pressed the barrel of the gun into the small of his back.
“Take it slowly through the door and wait on the landing.” Jim instructed. “I’ll close the door behind us.”
O’Hara nodded and opened the door slowly, wedging it in the open position so that Jim could step through behind him. Jim let the door swing shut and that’s when it happened:-
There was a terrific blow as something smashed down onto Jim’s right arm and the revolver clattered noisily across the floor. O’Hara reacted quickly and spun round, aiming a heavy punch at Jim’s stomach. Jim’s reactions were still good though and he blocked it automatically, steering the blow aside with his left forearm and driving his right knee into O’Hara’s groin. As O’Hara doubled over, Jim turned and caught a glimpse of the man behind the door, before a second crashing blow from something very solid caught him on the side of the head and his knees buckled beneath him . Only half conscious, Jim saw the gun lying where it had fallen, no more than six feet away, but still too far. There was a sudden stabbing pain in the back of his left leg and he felt what strength he still had slowly ebbing away. His vision started to blur, someone said something only half intelligible and then he felt himself sliding down into darkness and the depths of unconsciousness.
O’Hara, still badly winded, was on his hands and knees and struggled slowly to his feet. “What have you given him?”
“Ketamine.” the man replied. “He’ll come round in about half an hour. What do you want to do with him?”
“Let’s get him back to the room,” O’Hara replied.
The two men picked Jim up between them and with one on either side, supporting him under each shoulder; they walked him back down the corridor to O’Hara’s room. Luck was with them, as they didn’t meet any other guests on the way and once in the hotel room, they dropped Jim onto his back on the nearest of the single beds.
O’Hara’s colleague produced half a dozen heavy duty cable ties from his pocket and secured Jim’s wrists and ankles with two of them. 
“How did he know you were here?” he asked.
“God knows,” O’Hara replied. “He’s only seen me once. I bumped into him when I was filling the car up this morning, but there’s no reason why he should have paid any attention to it. By the way, what did you hit him with?”
In reply the second man picked up his weapon from the floor, where he had dropped it and handed it to O’Hara – It was a cricket bat in a soft vinyl cover, with a shoulder strap and a zip up pocket at one end.
“It’s a useful bit of kit,” he said, “A fairly innocent thing to be carrying around and inside the case, it’s got just enough padding that it won’t break a man’s skull.”

O’Hara leant over the bed and felt the side of Jim’s head. There was a huge lump coming up just above the ear, but no blood or any evidence of a fracture. Jim’s right arm was badly bruised, but it appeared that the dual padding of his jacket and the bat’s vinyl case had provided enough protection to save it being broken.
“Looks like he’ll be fine,” O’Hara said, handing the bat back.
“So what are we going to do with him?” 
O’Hara frowned. “We’ll need to decide before he wakes up. Have you got his gun?”
“Yes. It’s quite an old piece. I wonder where he got it from.” He handed the Smith & Wesson to O’Hara, then produced his own semi-automatic from a belt holster in the small of his back, took out the clip and ejected the bullet from the chamber, before putting the gun down on the window sill.
O’Hara sat on the end of the bed and nodded towards the single chair. “Have a seat. We need to decide what we’re going to tell him when he comes round.


Stephen and Marion arrived at the offices of Reid & Sutton Ltd in Ringwood at 3.15 p.m. The company had moved twice in the last few years as it had expanded and was now situated in one of the new business parks that had been created on the outskirts of Ringwood with grant assistance from local government. The modern two storey building stood in its own landscaped grounds, but would continue to look rather stark for a few years yet, until the shrubs and the trees that surrounded it had a chance to become more mature and blend in with the farmland beyond.
Stephen pulled the Range Rover into a parking bay at the far end of the building which was marked with a sign reading ‘S Reid – Managing Director’ and turned the engine off. As they walked the short distance to the main entrance, Stephen scanned the car park to see who was in. He believed in allowing his employees as much flexibility as possible and it was just as likely that people would be working from home as working in the office.
“Mark’s still here,” he commented to Marion. “I think we’ll tell him what’s going on and ask him to help.”
As they walked through reception, Stephen stopped to talk to Linda who was manning the phones.
“Linda, could you track down Mark for me and ask him if he could spare the time for a chat in my office.”
“Certainly, Mr Reid.”
Stephen’s office was at the far end of the building on the second floor. The ground floor was taken up with a workshop area, where various pieces of electronics were being put together or stripped down and a large open plan office, where most of their employees were busy in front of monitors and keyboards. Stephen liked the open plan layout, it was a good environment for teamwork and enabled you to bounce ideas off your colleagues. Stephen often worked there himself. No one had an allocated desk, just a set of pedestal drawers with their name on top, which could be wheeled to wherever there was a free space. The second floor, by contrast was divided into meeting rooms and offices for the more senior people in the company, together with a smaller open plan area for their accounting, marketing and secretarial staff.
Mark Brennan was already waiting in Stephen’s office when they got there. He was a tall man in his late forties, with particularly unruly hair that had a mind of its own and large round spectacles that gave him something of an owl like appearance.
“Hello Stephen – Marion. Linda said you wanted to see me?”
“Thanks Mark, I hope we’re not interrupting you in the middle of anything.”
“Oh, nothing that can’t wait,” Mark replied. “Is this about the M.O.D. contract that we spoke about on the phone?”
“Yes. Have a seat and I’ll tell you about it. Marion, perhaps you could get us all a cup of coffee.”
Stephen and Mark sat down as Marion left to organise the coffee. Stephen’s office wasn’t that different from his study at home. One end held the usual office furniture – desk, filing cabinets and chairs, together with a leather three piece suite and a small cocktail cabinet set to one side. The latter was rarely used but was necessary for entertaining the occasional important client. The other end of the room by contrast could be screened off and held a small workbench and several pieces of electronic test equipment.
Marion put her head round the door. “Filter or instant?” she asked.
“Why don’t you put the filter machine on,” Stephen replied. “If you make a full pot, we can get a refill later on.”

It didn’t take long for Stephen to relate the story to Mark, who was plainly shocked. He deliberately omitted any details of Jim’s past connection with the security services, or any mention of the gun that had arrived through the post. However, he did let Mark in on the fact that Jim was attempting to track down the man who had been watching the house.
Stephen looked earnestly at his friend, trying to gauge his reaction . “So that’s where we are at the moment Mark. Will you help?”
Mark didn’t hesitate. “Of course I will. Let me get this straight though. You want to put together something that looks like the control box that we got from the M.O.D. and build in this tracking device, before you hand it over.”
Stephen nodded. “That’s right. Then we’re either lucky enough for Susan and Millie to be released, or we go to the police. At that point, we would at least have some information to give them and a chance of tracking the kidnappers’ movements.”
Mark got up and looked at his watch. “God you must be worried. If it was my family, I don’t know how I’d cope. I suppose you’d prefer that no one else knows what this is about?”
“Yes. I’d like you to keep it just between ourselves if that’s alright.”
“No problem,” Mark agreed. “I’ll phone the M.O.D. to find out if the original unit will be coming back and I’ll check what parts we’ve got in stock to see if we can’t come up with something that looks like it.
Mark hurried downstairs and Stephen sat down at his desk and switched on the computer.
“What do you want me to do?” Marion asked.
“Stephen looked up with a slightly guilty expression. “I’m sorry dear. There’s not a great deal that I can ask you to do, apart from supplying the coffee and keeping me company. To tell you the truth, I didn’t like the idea of you staying in the house with all this going on.”
Marion leaned forward and squeezed his arm. “That’s alright. I would only have worried if you’d left me at home. Anyway, it’s nice to know that you care. Why don’t I pop downstairs and have a chat with Linda, then I’ll borrow a newspaper from somebody and just sit in the corner while you get on with it.”
“That’s a good idea,” Stephen agreed. “If I’m not here when you get back, I’ll only be downstairs seeing how Mark is getting on.”
“I’ll see you shortly then,” Marion replied and left him to it. 
Stephen was glad she didn’t mind sitting about. She knew Linda pretty well and a friendly chat might take her mind off things for a while.
Fifteen minutes later, Mark reappeared at the door with a look of satisfaction on his face. “Right. The hardest part is done. I don’t know about the electronics but the casing is a standard part out of the Carrera catalogue and we’ve actually got one in stock. The real box was sitting in my office for most of last week and I wouldn’t be able to tell the difference just by looking at it. We only need to put in the right connectors and a few knobs and buttons and it should fool anyone that’s not familiar with it.”
“What about the GPS tube?” Stephen asked.
“No problem. That’ll fit in easily. It might be an idea to screen it from the rest of the electronics, but that shouldn’t be difficult. I’ve asked the guys to put the processors and connectors together for us and then bring it upstairs so that we can wire it up.”
“That’s good. How long do you think it’ll take?”
“Not too long. We ought to be able to make it behave like it should when you switch it on and also when you switch it off. I think we should leave it at that though. If anyone actually plugs it into the kit that it’s supposed to work with, they’ll know straight away that it isn’t genuine.” 
Stephen checked his watch. “Mark, do you need my help with it or could you manage it on your own? If you can, I want to try and get some information on a mobile phone number and I’ve got a hunch that I might be able to do it from here.”
“Actually, it would probably be just as easy to do it on my own. Why don’t you leave it with me for an hour or two and I’ll give you a shout if I need you.”
Mark left to work on the electronics downstairs and as soon as he had gone, Stephen started pulling up client files on his computer screen. The company had longstanding contracts with two of the major mobile telephone networks and in fact had a good reputation for communications technology in general. Stephen himself had worked closely with both companies over a number of years and although he shouldn’t do it, he knew that he could quite easily access both of their computer systems with the help of information that he already had on file.
Having found the details he needed, He jotted down a few notes on a pad and pulled the scrap of paper from his pocket on which they had had scribbled down the kidnappers’ mobile phone number.
By the time Marion returned with a newspaper, Stephen was deep in concentration. Rather than interrupt him, she refilled his coffee cup, put it on the desk in front of him, then settled down in one of the armchairs to wait for him to finish.
When his mobile phone rang, Stephen looked up. “You couldn’t get that for me could you?”
Marion collected the phone from Stephen’s jacket, where it hung on the coat rack and stepped outside into the corridor so that she didn’t distract him.
“Who was it?” he asked, when she came back.
“Only Jim,” Marion replied. “He’s at the hotel, but there’s still no sign of that man. He says he’s going to wait there for as long as it takes and he’ll phone us again in a couple of hours.”
“That’s good,” Stephen replied absently. Marion could tell that he had only taken in half of what she had said, so she returned to her paper.
She had been reading for about twenty minutes when Stephen stood up and reached for a blank CD from the shelves behind him. “I’ve got it!”
“Got what?” Marion asked.
“I’ve got the telephone account for that mobile phone number.”
“Does that mean we know who it belongs to?”
“Not yet,” Stephen replied as he loaded the CD into the computer’s disc drive. “It’s on a pre payment tariff, so there isn’t any name and address on file for the bills to be sent to. I have got the name and address of the person who originally registered it, but that was nearly two years ago.”
“Do you think that it’s the same person who phoned?” Marion asked.
Stephen shook his head as he loaded the disc. “No. I think the phone’s probably stolen, or they wouldn’t risk using it. What I have got though is the billing information.”
“But I thought you said that there weren’t any bills,” Marion said, looking confused.
“No, there aren’t,” Stephen agreed, “but the phone company has an internal record of all the numbers that are phoned, how long the calls are and how much it costs. That way their computer system can calculate how much credit is left on the phone and when it needs to be topped up with another payment.”
Stephen ejected the CD that now had the relevant information on it. “This won’t tell us where they are, but once we find out who the numbers belong to that have been phoned, it might tell us who they are.” He put the CD back into its case and handed it to Marion. “Could you keep that in your bag for me? I’d like to have a word with Jim before we do anything with it.”
Stephen shut down his computer and tidied up the pieces of paper that were spread across his desk. “I wonder how he’s getting on?”
Marion looked at him with an exasperated expression. “You don’t listen do you? That was Jim on the phone fifteen minutes ago. He’s still at the hotel, but there’s still no sign of that man.”
Stephen looked suitably apologetic. “Sorry. You know what I’m like. When I’m working on something important, it tends to get all of my attention.”
“Oh don’t worry,” Marion replied, “I knew you weren’t listening when I told you. I’m quite used to it.”
Footsteps outside the office announced the return of Mark, who came in with a box the size of a car radio tucked under his arm. “Half way there.” He announced, putting the box down on Stephen’s desk and switching it on. A number of LEDs flashed briefly before they all winked out except for one green one, which remained to indicate that the unit was on. Along the front, there were five switches and Mark turned them on one by one. As he did so, a different indicator lit up and a numerical display gave a value for each. At the back of the unit were a number of sockets for other pieces of equipment to be connected (although Stephen noticed that there were a few gaps) and a small fan, which hummed gently as it cooled the electronics inside. Mark switched the power off again and the box continued to hum for a few seconds, before all the lights went out and the fan whirred to a halt. Taking a small screwdriver out of his pocket, he picked up the box, turned it round and inserted the blade of the screwdriver through the grill that protected the fan. There was a slight click as he found a toggle switch inside.
“That’s the GPS unit switched on,” he said, leaning over to show Stephen where the switch was located inside. He pushed the screwdriver through the fan once more and another click indicated that the GPS unit was off again.
Stephen picked up the box and looked at it more closely. “Mark, you’re brilliant. How on earth did you put it together so quickly?”
“We’re actually very lucky. The original is obviously a prototype. Apart from the electronics inside it, whoever put it together used standard parts. The casing, the switches and the connectors were all in stock and they just slot together. The wiring was straightforward as well, although I’ve only connected up the LEDs and the display. To be honest, it needs a bit more work yet. The display isn’t the right one and it’s not giving all the right readings. I’ve also got to put another couple of connectors in at the back. I’ve ordered the proper display from the catalogue and the suppliers have promised me they’ll put it in the post today for guaranteed next day delivery, so we should have it first thing tomorrow morning. If it’s o.k. with you, I’ll take the thing home with me tonight, get the connectors in and the display showing the right readings, then tomorrow all we need to do is change the display unit and it’ll be finished.”
“Do you think it will fool them?” Marion asked.
“It will unless they plug anything into it or take the case apart. Some of the connections at the back aren’t wired up at all and the inside doesn’t look anything like the real thing.”
“Are they likely to open it up?” Marion continued.
“They’re welcome to try,” Mark said. “Once I’ve got the right display unit and all of the sockets in at the back, I’m going to glue the casing screws in place with Araldite, so they’ll have some job getting the thing open.”
Stephen stood up and shook Mark by the hand. “Thanks Mark, I can’t tell you how much we appreciate it.”
“It’s no problem at all. If I can help in any other way, you know you only have to ask. How did you get on with the phone number?”
Stephen smiled briefly. “Pretty good. Luck must have been on my side because there was only a 50% chance that the number would be on a network that I could access. Thankfully, it turns out that it is and I’ve managed to get a copy of the billing information on disc, which I can hand over to the police when the time comes.”
“When will that be?” Mark asked.
“Very soon,” Stephen replied, putting a hand on the fake K2 unit. “We need to discuss it with Jim, but I think we should hand this over to the kidnappers and if they don’t release Susan and Millie, we give the police what information we have and let them get on with it. Speaking of which, we ought to get home so that we’re there when the Irishman phones.”
Stephen started to gather up his things and pack them away in his briefcase, whilst Mark went to find a cardboard box to put the K2 unit in. 
He reappeared at the door two minutes later, with his coat on and a cardboard box tucked under one arm. “Good luck with the phone call. I’ll call you in the morning once the parts have arrived and let you know that it’s finished.” 
“Thanks Mark. It’s good of you.”
Stephen waited for Marion, who was rinsing the coffee cups in the other room. 
“Ready?” She asked as she reappeared a moment later.
“Yes,” he said, as he picked up his briefcase and switched the lights off.
It was a strange feeling to be going home. It was just after 5.30 p.m. and those people who were still in the office would be packing up to go and spend a perfectly normal evening with their families. It could so easily have been just another day at the office, instead of which Stephen was going home to wait for a phone call from the people who had kidnapped his daughter and a call from his son in law, who was waiting for an IRA gunman at a hotel, armed with an old service revolver and one of Marion’s kitchen knives.
SIX


Jim slowly opened one eye and when he felt the room spinning, he quickly closed it again. He was lying on his side on what felt like a bed. His mouth was incredibly dry, he had pins and needles in his left arm which was pinned beneath him and the side of his head throbbed steadily where the man on the stairs had hit him. He tried to move his arm to relieve the pins and needles and realised that he couldn’t because his arms were tied behind him at the wrist. Trying to move his foot produced the same result and he could feel that his ankles were also tied. He lay still for another five minutes, giving himself some time to recover and then tried again. The room still spun, but more slowly now. He shut his eyes and gave it a little longer, to see if it would stop entirely. The third time he tried, the room had indeed stopped and he could make out his surroundings. He was lying on one of the single beds in O’Hara’s room facing the wall and he could see that his ankles had been tied with what looked like plastic cable ties. Jim twisted his wrist to see if he could loosen the ties there, but stopped as they bit more deeply into his skin.
“I see you’re awake,” a voice said behind him.
Jim rolled onto his back and immediately wished that he hadn’t. He felt slightly sick, his head hurt like nobody’s business and his left arm felt as if it were on fire as the circulation returned to it. 
“Can I have a drink of water?” he asked.
O’Hara was sitting on the other bed watching him. “Sure you can, providing you promise to behave while we have a chat.”
Jim nodded slightly in agreement and O’Hara disappeared into the small bathroom. There was the sound of running water and he came back with a glass tumbler half full of water, which he held to Jim’s lips. Jim managed a couple of swallows before O’Hara put the glass down on the cabinet beside the bed.
“Thanks,” Jim mumbled.
O’Hara leant over him and checked that his hands and feet were secure. “You just lie there for a few minutes until you come round properly and then I want to talk to you.”
Jim nodded. O’Hara picked up the small kettle that stood on a tray by the other bed, and went back to the bathroom to fill it up. He returned, plugged the kettle in and turned over the two plain white cups that stood on the tray beside it.
“Tea or coffee?” he asked.
“Tea,” Jim replied.
“How do you take it?”
“Milk and one sugar.”
“There’s no proper milk. You’ll have to make do with a couple of these UHT cartons.”
O’Hara put two tea bags into a matching white teapot and a few minutes later poured in the boiling water. While it brewed O’Hara stood by the window with his back to Jim and watched the comings and goings at the front of the hotel. Jim lay still and watched O’Hara’s back. His head throbbing a little less and the circulation thankfully was coming back in his left arm.
“What are you going to do with me?” he asked.
“Nothing,” O’Hara replied. “How are you feeling?”
“Well my head’s throbbing where your friend hit me, but apart from that I’ll be fine.”
“I’m afraid you asked for it. That’s what you get if you start pushing people around at gunpoint. Anyway, you shouldn’t expect any sympathy from me. Not after that knee to the groin.”
O’Hara put one foot on the edge of the bed and took out the knife from its sheath that was once again strapped to his lower leg. Jim just looked at it and waited for whatever was to come.
“For God’s sake, I’m not going to stab you,” O’Hara said. “You’re only tied up so you don’t do anything stupid. If I cut your wrists free will you sit quietly until you’ve heard what I have to say?”
Jim couldn’t think of any reason why he shouldn’t. Not that he had any choice, so he agreed that he would.
Before he cut the ties, O’Hara poured himself a cup of tea and put it on the window sill. Then, picking up Jim’s gun, he broke it open, checked that there was a live round in each chamber, closed it and transferred it to his left hand.
“Just a precaution,” he said. “But don’t think that I won’t use it if I need to.”
He leant over the bed, cut through the plastic ties that fastened Jim’s wrists and ankles and then took a step backwards to sit in the single chair, with the empty bed between them – far enough away that Jim couldn’t make a sudden move to overpower him without risking a bullet.
Jim sat up, which made his head throb even more and swung his legs over the side into a sitting position. Putting one hand to his head, he could feel a lump the size of a golf ball, but nothing seemed to be broken.
“You’ll live,” O’Hara said. “Help yourself to tea if you want one.”
Jim took up the offer and sat down with his cup, facing O’Hara.
“What did your friend hit me with?”
O’Hara laughed, although the laughter didn’t seem to touch his eyes. “A cricket bat. You’re lucky it was still in its case, otherwise it would have done you a lot more damage.”
“If you call that luck, I can probably do without it,” Jim replied. “How on earth did he know I was here?”
O’Hara smiled slightly. “The wonders of modern technology I’m afraid. I had my phone in my pocket and his number is programmed into it. When I turned round and you had a gun on me, all I did was to hold down one number and it dialled him automatically. He told me afterwards that he could make out most of the conversation, until you made me turn out my pockets. I switched it off then, before I tossed it on the bed.”
Jim felt stupid. The possibility hadn’t even occurred to him when O’Hara had thrown the phone down on the bed along with his wallet and car keys. 
“So your friend not only knew you were in trouble but he knew that I had a gun as well.”
“That’s right,” O’Hara replied. “What he didn’t know though, was who you were. You’re lucky he only used the cricket bat on you.”
Jim took a sip of his tea. “So now what?”
“It’s up to you,” O’Hara replied. “I can assure you that we don’t mean you or your family any harm.”
“Who are ‘we’?” Jim asked.
“Let me explain.” O’Hara put the gun down on the arm of the chair, but left it pointing in Jim’s direction as he picked up his own cup of tea. “What I told you earlier is absolutely true. I do work for the Irish Security Services and we are after a gang of blackmailers. Unfortunately, they have already been successful in getting hold of a rather sensitive piece of equipment in Ireland and we need to get it back and rather quickly, before they manage to sell it on. We know that they’ve been commissioned to obtain it by an Arab organisation based in Saudi and we’re getting some intelligence from the Arab end because we’ve managed to buy off someone in their organisation. Unfortunately, it’s not one of our own people, so the information is rather expensive and it isn’t entirely reliable.”
“So how does my family come to be involved?” Jim asked.
“Just bad luck I’m afraid. Your company is working on another part of the same system for the M.O.D. The gang are after that and if they get it, they’ll have enough to sell it on to the Middle East for quite a price.”
“So why the M.O.D. if the system is being manufactured in Ireland?”
“It’s an E.U. project. Most of the technical work is being done in the U.K. but an Irish firm that specialises in laser technology is manufacturing one of the components. If it becomes common knowledge that we’ve lost our part of the hardware, there will be hell to pay.”
Jim said nothing. It looked as if the M.O.D. knew very well that something was going on, or they wouldn’t have picked up their unit from the company last week.
“Who’s the guy that hit me?”
“He’s a field agent with MI5 – name’s Charlie Trent. You’ve still got friends in MI5 haven’t you? Maybe you should give them a ring and check that what I’m telling you is true.” 
Jim took another drink of his tea. “Maybe I should.” He was starting to feel better and the throbbing in his head was beginning to ease off.
“What is this system anyway, that it’s worth all this trouble?”
O’Hara laughed, but again it didn’t extend as far as his eyes. “Don’t tell me your company is working on it and you don’t know what it does.”
“All I know is that it’s a piece of M.O.D. hardware and there’s a bug in the software somewhere.”
O’Hara seemed to find the situation quite amusing. “It’s hard to believe isn’t it, but I suppose the M.O.D. only needs to give you information that’s relevant to the problem that needs to be fixed.”
“So are you going to tell me?” Jim asked a little impatiently.
“Will you keep the information confidential?”
“No,” Jim replied. “Not if it affects the safety of my wife and daughter.”
O’Hara thought for a second or two. “Fair point,” he conceded. “I’m hoping you’ll agree to work with us, rather than against us though, so I’ll tell you anyway.”
He leaned forward in the chair and put his empty cup down on the single bed nearest to him.
“It’s a system that’s designed to protect vehicles from laser guided bombs. It’s a while ago now, but I expect you saw all the video clips on the news when the Gulf war was on. Planes dropping so-called smart bombs from 3,000 feet that are guided onto specific targets with a laser tracking system. The propaganda would have you believe that they can pick out military targets and destroy them, without touching any of the surrounding buildings.”
“I’ve seen them.” Jim nodded.
“Know how they work?” O’Hara asked.
“No, not really.”
“Well, the bombs themselves have a small computer built into them and a control system that moves their tail planes to alter their direction as they fall. The plane targets a vehicle, or a building, with a laser that is locked onto the target as they fly past. The bomb detects the reflected light from the target and its simple computer system alters the bomb’s flight path so that it homes in on the laser signal.
“So this system disrupts that?” Jim asked.
O’Hara nodded. “That and a bit more. The equipment we’ve lost is one of the detectors and you had the brains of the system. The detector sits on top of the vehicle or on top of a building and picks up the laser signal when the plane locks onto it. The targeting lasers are pulsed and each one has a different code, so a plane can theoretically attack more than one vehicle at a time, using several lasers with different codes. The detector unit that’s been stolen picks up the laser signal and passes it to the processing unit. The processing unit works out the code, runs a lot of calculations and then does three things. Firstly, it passes the code to a laser generator unit, which drops off the back of the vehicle, or sits a little distance away from a building if it’s on a fixed site and this sends a signal as if it has been lit up like a Christmas tree with the targeting laser. Secondly, the unit sends a jamming signal to interfere with the real laser. The idea is that the bomb detects the decoy, not the real target and it drops harmlessly behind the vehicle, or away from the building, where it blows up the decoy.”
“So what’s the third thing?” Jim asked.
“Ah, that’s the most important bit. The third thing is that the computer can target the plane as it flies over. It uses information from the plane’s own targeting laser to work out where the plane is, what speed it’s going at and what bearing it is on, then it can pass that information to a missile, or an anti aircraft system.”
Jim thought of the implications for a moment or two. “So the kidnappers really do just want the box of electronics.”
“That’s right,” O’Hara confirmed. “But I can’t let you hand it over to them.”
“I don’t see how you can stop me,” Jim replied.
O’Hara looked at Jim and for the first time he noticed some expression on O’Hara’s face. He wasn’t sure whether it was satisfaction or something else.
“I’m afraid we can, or at least MI5 can. In the first place, you don’t actually have the unit, because the M.O.D. picked it up from your office at the end of last week. Secondly, you’re still dependant on MI5 to protect you and your family from IRA reprisals. If you don’t want details to leak out about who you really are and where you live, you’ll want to cooperate with us.”
Jim cursed. “You bastards.”
O’Hara shrugged. “It’s nothing personal you understand. If you work with us, there’s no reason why your family should be at any greater risk than they are already. In fact we can give you a lot of help. You of all people should know the resources that MI5 can bring to bear on this sort of problem.”
Jim stood up and stepped nearer to O’Hara. “O.k. I’ll work with you. For the time being anyway. I haven’t got any choice have I?
“No not really,” O’Hara agreed.
“So are you going to keep covering me with that gun or what?”
“I guess not.” O’Hara put the gun down on the window sill and pushed it out of reach. “I think we understand each other well enough. You want your wife and daughter back. I need to use whatever steps are necessary to prevent the K2 unit from falling into the wrong hands. Why don’t we dispense with the ill feeling and see if we can get along? You help us and we’ll do our utmost to make sure you get your wife and daughter back unharmed.” 
Jim put a hand up to feel the lump above his ear. His head was beginning to throb again and he had the beginnings of a headache. He really needed to think clearly to take all of this in.
“I don’t suppose you’ve got any aspirin?” he asked.
“There’s a box of Paracetamol in the sponge bag by the sink. Help yourself.”
Jim walked through to where O’Hara’s toiletries lay on the shelf in the bathroom and helped himself to a couple of the capsules, which he swallowed with a mouthful of water from the cold tap. 
Coming back into the bedroom he saw that O’Hara hadn’t moved from his seat by the window. “So what do you intend doing?”
“Well, the K2 processor isn’t at risk for the time being. However, we do need to recover the detector unit and stop the people involved, before they can pass it on, or do us any more damage. That means we need to draw the gang out into the open.”
Jim sat down on the edge of the bed again. “Tell me what you know about them so far?”
“We’ve got quite a lot on the three main players. The top man is a guy called Colin Walker. He’s a well known figure in the London underworld and as far as we can tell he’s involved in all sorts of criminal activities. Nothing has ever been pinned on him. He’s far too careful. Most of his dirty work is done by an Irishman called Liam Quinn who’s on his payroll. I’ve also got a name for their Arab contact from our informant on the inside – a man called Mohammed Musa. What we don’t know is where any of them are at the moment, or when the hand over is going to take place.”
“So if you do recover the hardware, what about the gang? Haven’t they still got something on your Irish businessman?”
“True,” O’Hara confirmed. “To be honest it would be a lot better for all concerned if they weren’t around to cause us any more problems.”
“In prison you mean?”
“Not necessarily,” O’Hara replied. “You know the sort of things that go on in this line of work. Whatever happens to them, we want this one sewn up tight. My instructions are that there are to be no loose ends.”
Jim didn’t like the sound of it. What would ‘no loose ends’ mean for anyone unlucky enough to be caught up in the middle of it?
O’Hara walked over to the chest of drawers that stood against the far wall and picked up a pen and paper. “Now that I’ve told you our involvement, perhaps you can bring me up to date with what has been happening at your end. How on earth did you know we were working on the case?”
Jim thought quickly. How much did he want to tell O’Hara? His instincts told him to keep as much as possible to himself and only to pass on information that was absolutely necessary. He still wanted to check on O’Hara’s story and even after he had done that, he would still have to be very cautious in how far he was prepared to trust him. After all, the security services’ main priority would be to recover the hardware and to deal with the men involved not to his wife and daughter. Granted, they would help in the matter of Susan and Millie if they could, but Jim had seen for himself what could happen to innocent people caught up in the middle of this type of operation.
“Come now,” O’Hara prompted in his soft Irish accent. “We are on the same side you know.”
Jim gave a resigned sigh and began. “Well, it was luck really. What you didn’t know when you checked the back of our house, was that I was sitting in the garden less than twenty yards from you.”
“Surely not? You can’t have been.”
“Afraid so. I’m up early on a Sunday morning to take the dog for a walk. I quite often sit on an old tree stump in the rhododendrons when I get back. It gives me time to catch my breath and contemplate, while I watch the birds. Normally it’s a very peaceful time of day, although this weekend it was interrupted by a suspicious character in the woods with a telescope. When I saw you, all I did was sink down a little in the bushes and watch what you were up to. By the way, what was the writing on the Ash Tree all about?”
O’Hara grunted. “Just a signpost to identify your house. I’m afraid we were caught off guard. The gang moved much quicker than we were expecting. I was just doing the initial recce. Once we’d established what was needed, there would have been one of our people on station there keeping an eye on things.”
“And the numbers?”
“Just an indication of the distance to your house.”
Jim raised his eyebrows. “Useful information for someone with a gun.”
O’Hara shook his head. “No, it’s not what you’re thinking. It was there to help our man if he needed to gain access to the house in the middle of the night. Firstly so that he got the right house and secondly to give him an idea of the best access point. If I remember correctly, it read something like ‘MO 4 CT - 84L31’ with an arrow beside it. That just means Michael O’Hara for Charlie Trent – 84 yards in the direction of the arrow. Then, L31 refers to the fact that, including the windows, your back door is the third possible entry point from the left hand corner of the building, on the ground floor.”
That made sense Jim conceded. If an agent who was unfamiliar with the territory was on watch and was instructed to move in because something was about to go down, the last thing you wanted was him stumbling around in the dark without clear direction.
“So having seen me in the woods, you recognised me at the petrol station? O’Hara asked.
“That’s right,” Jim agreed. “The girl at the counter even gave me your name when she handed back your credit card. I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you how I traced you here. You’ll just have to accept that having been in the service myself, I still have ways and means.”
“Fair enough,” O’Hara agreed. “I can guess anyway. What about the gang themselves? Have they been in touch?”
Jim looked at his watch. 
“God. Look at the time. I need to phone my parents-in-law to find out what’s been happening. I promised to call every few hours. They’ll be on the verge of phoning the police.”
O’Hara, who had been sitting on the edge of the bed, got up. “I’ll give you some privacy while you phone. I need to get something from the car anyway.”
Once O’Hara had closed the door behind him, Jim dialled Stephen’s number on his mobile phone. He had his doubts as to whether the conversation would be private. There could easily be a bug in the room to enable O’Hara’s colleague to listen in to their conversation, but then maybe he was just being cynical.
When he got through, Stephen sounded relieved to hear him. “Jim, thank goodness you’re alright. We were both starting to get worried about you. Have you spoken to the Irishman?”
“I have. It looks like he’s actually on our side.” Jim kept the details as brief as possible, but promised a full explanation when he got back. “What about you?”
In response, Stephen explained what he and Marion had achieved at the office. The fact that they should have a realistic copy of the K2 unit first thing in the morning and that Mark had found it very straightforward to include the GPS tracker device within it. 
Jim’s side of the conversation was a little stilted, as he was particularly guarded in what he said. If his conversation could be overheard, he wanted to make sure that he was in control of any information that O’Hara and his team could pick up.
“They’ve phoned again,” Stephen said. “Just before 6.00 p.m. They were cursing us. Seems they’d tried earlier in the afternoon and couldn’t get hold of us. It really didn’t occur to me that they wouldn’t have our mobile number. I’ve given them yours as well as mine. I hope that’s o.k?”
“Fine,” Jim agreed. “What did they say?”
“They want the K2 unit as soon as possible. It didn’t help their mood when I said we couldn’t get it until tomorrow. I told them it was up at Pritchards for them to test the hardware, while we worked on the programming, but that I’d arranged for them to courier it back down as soon as possible. They’re expecting me to have it first thing in the morning.”
“How did they react to that?”
“Like I said, they weren’t happy, but nothing to suggest they didn’t believe me. They’re going to phone me back at 10.00 a.m. tomorrow with instructions on what they want us to do with it.”
There was a knock from outside and O’Hara put his head round the door. Jim motioned for him to come in.
“I’ll need to go Stephen, but I’ll be back in half an hour or so.”
Jim switched his phone to standby and put it in his pocket.
“Well?” O’Hara asked.
“Things are starting to happen,” Jim said. “They’ve phoned again.”
He went on to explain in as much detail as Stephen had given him, carefully omitting a couple of facts that he didn’t want O’Hara to be aware of. Firstly, that they would be able to track the movements of the fake K2 unit and secondly the matter of the mobile phone details that Stephen had mentioned to him.
“So things are moving very quickly,” O’Hara commented. “Your father-in-law seems to know what he’s about. I wouldn’t have expected them to come up with a copy of the electronics. I thought we’d have to arrange that.”
“Yes, he’s extremely capable,” Jim agreed, thinking that Stephen was a lot more capable than they both realised – particularly if he’d been able to get information on the kidnappers through their use of a mobile phone.
O’Hara held out a brown envelope. “Here, I got this from the car for you. It’s most of what we know about Walker, Quinn and the Arab. You can read through it later on . What about the fake K2 unit? Will you definitely have it by tomorrow morning?”
“We should do. One of the company directors has taken it home with him to finish off. There are a couple of parts that he needs in the morning but they should come from the supplier overnight.”
“Well in that case, I’ve got something else that I’d like him to fit in.” O’Hara opened the briefcase he had brought back with him and produced a small cylinder with a switch at one end and a wire wrapped around it.
Jim knew exactly what it was, but tried to look curious. “What is it?”
“A tracking device. You left before MI5 started to use these. It works from the GPS satellite system. As well as knowing where it is, it can tell you where it’s been. You just need to switch it on at this end and it will do the rest itself.”
“What’s the range?” Jim asked.
“Ah, that’s the nice thing about it. We can pick up a signal from this thing anywhere in the country. It’s all computerised. MI5 can track it on their system up in London, or we can track it on a laptop computer in the field. Just make sure that it’s inside the box that you hand over and we’ll be able to follow it to wherever they’re holding your wife and daughter.”
“Assuming they take it to the same place.”
“True,” O’Hara agreed. “But if not, at least it will lead us to the gang themselves.”
Jim dropped the tube into the brown envelope with the papers that O’Hara had given him. The fact that O’Hara was using the same equipment as Archie Long was certainly reassuring. It lent some weight to his story that he was working with The Firm.
Jim glanced at his watch again. “I’d better get back.”
“Phone me first thing tomorrow morning,” O’Hara said. He tore off a sheet of paper from his pad, scribbled down two phone numbers and handed it to Jim.
“The top one is mine. The bottom one is Charlie Trent. I’ll introduce you on your way out. Give me yours and your father-in-law’s if you would.”
Jim took the pad that O’Hara offered and wrote down his own and Stephen’s number, adding Stephen’s home number and the office for good measure.
As he left, O’Hara took Jim down to the first floor and knocked a bedroom door at the back of the building. The room was a copy of O’Hara’s on the floor above, except for the view, which was considerably better, looking out over the woodland behind the hotel.
Charlie Trent was not a tall man, but looked like he could handle himself. Jim put him in his early thirties and when he spoke, he had an accent that Jim mentally classified as public schoolboy watered down with a large measure of South London. Wearing a shirt and tie, he looked like a respectable businessman staying in the hotel for some legitimate company business. The handshake that he gave Jim was firm enough and his manner was open and direct, yet despite that, there was something about him that Jim was immediately wary of. He couldn’t put a finger on what it was, but his instincts said that Trent was not someone to rely on in a tight situation.
The introduction was brief and businesslike with nothing said about the fact that Trent had knocked Jim senseless only a couple of hours earlier. It was probably just as well. There was no point in offering apologies or making something of it. It was just part of the job. Maybe subconsciously that was the reason why Jim didn’t like the look of the man. 
Promising once more to phone them in the morning, Jim left the two men in Trent’s room and walked back to the car. He had reclaimed the revolver from O’Hara without any objections on his part and it was once again wrapped in its cloth and plastic shopping bag as he hurried down the road.
At the car Jim left the gun in its wrappings and put the whole package out of sight under the passenger seat. He made a mental note not to forget it and then had second thoughts. He pulled the bag out again, opened it and put the gun in the glove compartment where it was within easy reach. He’d been away from the Firm for too long. He could almost hear the voice of a sarcastic instructor during his early training days – “keep your weapon clean, keep it loaded at all times and most of all, make sure you have it when you need it.” He didn’t have any reason to think he would need it, but it would be better if he got into the habit of being prepared for the unexpected.
Jim put the key in the ignition, but before starting the engine, he opened the envelope that O’Hara had given him. Inside were two photographs and three sheets of A4 paper, each with a few paragraphs of writing. The photographs he recognised as copies of those he had seen in O’Hara’s suitcase earlier. The three sheets of paper looked like summaries of what was known about the three main players. There was no photograph to go with the third sheet and it looked as if any information on the Arab was pretty sketchy because there was also considerably less written about him.
Jim put the papers back into the envelope and put it in the glove compartment with the gun. He could read them later, once he got back to Stephen and Marion’s place. The other thing he needed to do was to phone Archie Long and see what he had to say about O’Hara’s story. He certainly wasn’t convinced that all O’Hara had told him was on the level and he wanted to know if Archie could come up with anything different at his end.
There was no answer from Archie’s mobile. The phone rang seven or eight times and then transferred automatically to voicemail. Jim hung up without leaving a message, waited half a minute and then tried again. Still no answer. This time, when the recorded voice cut in, he left a brief message just asking that Archie call him as soon as he could.
As he pulled out of the side road, where the Land Rover had been parked, Jim checked the clock. He should get back to Stephen and Marion’s place before 9.00 p.m. His stomach was starting to rumble and he realised he’d not had anything since breakfast that morning. As he passed a Chinese restaurant he thought briefly of stopping to get a takeaway but then knowing Marion, she might well have made him something and it would be waiting for him at the house. In any event, she would probably be offended if he didn’t take it for granted that she would feed him when he got there.
Twenty minutes later he pulled into their driveway. The gravel crunched under the wheels of the Land Rover as he manoeuvred it in the tight space, trying to avoid blocking Stephen in. In response to the noise, the two dogs came bounding round the back of the house, barking furiously until they saw who it was and started wagging their tails. Wolf was so pleased to see him that he whined softly and his whole back end wagged from side to side. Jim took a moment to make a fuss of the two of them, before he recovered the revolver and the brown envelope from the glove compartment, locked the car and walked round to the rear of the house, where he assumed the dogs had come out through the French windows.
“Hello?” Jim shouted as he walked into the living room.
“We’re in here,” a voice shouted from the kitchen.
Jim put his head round the door to find Stephen sitting at the kitchen table and Marion standing beside the cooker, where a pan simmered, steam rising gently from whatever was cooking within.
“I’m just going to dump a couple of things upstairs and I’ll be right down,” Jim said.
“Don’t be long,” Marion replied. “Food’s nearly ready. You haven’t eaten have you?”
“No I haven’t,” Jim confirmed. “It’s good of you to make me something. What is it?”
“Corned beef and potato pie, with peas and a few new potatoes. You’ve got five minutes before I serve up.”
“Thanks, I’ll be right back.”
Jim knew his mother-in-law well by now. He was glad he hadn’t stopped at the Chinese. Marion’s corned beef and potato pie was good and apart from that, as Susan liked to remind him, takeaway food wasn’t that healthy an option.
At the thought of Susan, Jim’s brow furrowed. There was no knowing what she or Millie would get to eat this evening, if anything. He had a sudden feeling of emptiness in the pit of his stomach and wondered how long it might be before he would see them again. There was of course, the awful possibility that he might not. That thought lurked only half formed at the back of his mind and he pushed it aside, unwilling to admit to himself that they might not be back within the next few days.
Putting the revolver out of sight in the spare room, Jim hurried downstairs. Wolf seemed to realise that something was wrong, because he had followed closely at Jim’s heels since he’d returned, apparently glad that he at least was still around. Normally, with the smell of food about to be served, you only had to look in the kitchen to find Wolf sitting begging or lying expectantly under the table, waiting to rush out and clear up anything that happened to fall on the floor.
Jim knelt down and gave him a reassuring hug. “Don’t you worry boy. Everything will be alright.”
As the two of them walked into the kitchen, Marion picked up the oven gloves from a hook beside the sink, took a plate from under the grill and transferred it to the kitchen table, where a place was already laid for him.
“Be careful. It’s very hot.”
Jim sat down gratefully and then moved his legs out of the way, so Wolf could squeeze in under the table beside him.
“Right,” Stephen said, once he had settled. “Tell us what happened. The details you gave on the phone were rather sketchy.”
“For goodness sake, let the poor man eat first,” Marion interrupted indignantly.
Jim speared a new potato with his fork and rolled it in the melted butter at the edge of his plate. “No it’s o.k. I can talk and eat at the same time. But maybe you should go first and tell me a bit more about your afternoon. Particularly the information you’ve come up with on their phone.”
Whilst he worked his way through the rest of the potatoes and pie, Jim heard what Stephen and Marion had been doing in more detail. The fact that Mark Brennan was putting the electronics together was reassuring. If he said it would be ready in the morning, then Jim was satisfied that it would be.
As Stephen expanded on what he had told him over the phone, Jim could feel the reassuring weight of Wolf’s head resting on his knee beneath the table. Every so often he would drop a hand to stroke his head and he also couldn’t help feeding him the odd piece of pie crust, much to the disapproval of his mother-in-law.
Stephen had managed to tape the call when the kidnappers had phoned and he brought the tape recorder through to the kitchen, so that Jim could listen to the conversation for himself. It was the same Irish voice on the line and he definitely wasn’t happy. As Stephen had mentioned, they must have tried more than once during the afternoon without being able to reach them and as a result, when he did get through, the Irishman had really let rip. 
To his credit, Stephen had kept calm and handled the call well and the man did seem to accept his explanation that they were out doing their best to get hold of the equipment he wanted. Still, Jim thought, they had better be there when the call came the following morning. They didn’t want to antagonise them by making it appear that they were avoiding the calls deliberately just to play for time. Although, having said that, the kidnappers did have their mobile phone numbers now, so there shouldn’t be any risk of that.
By the time Stephen had played the tape for a second time, Jim had finished eating and was able to tell them in detail what had happened at O’Hara’s hotel. Marion was horrified to hear that he had been knocked out and insisted on examining his arm and the side of his head.
“That’s awful,” she exclaimed as she saw the size of the lump above his ear. “They could have cracked your skull open.”
“True,” Jim agreed, “but to be fair, Trent didn’t know whether I was one of the London gang or not.”
Marion muttered something about what she’d like to do to them in return and disappeared upstairs to the bathroom in search of something for him to put on the bruising.
“Here, rub some of this into it,” she instructed, when she returned, handing a small jar of cream to Jim.
Jim looked at it dubiously. “Marion, I’m o.k. really. It doesn’t even hurt anymore.”
“That’s good, but put some on anyway. It’s only Arnica. It’ll bring out the bruising and take some of the swelling away.”
Jim resignedly took a dab of the cream on his finger and massaged it into the lump on his head. The area was actually very tender, so maybe Marion was right and it would do it some good.
Wolf watched from under the table, giving him a dog grin, as if amused to see him being told what to do. Jim put a hand down and quickly wiped the remains of the cream off his finger and onto Wolf’s nose. Wolf lifted a paw, rubbed at it once, and then as if in revenge, wiped his nose down Jim’s trousers, leaving a dark greasy mark behind.
Marion laughed. “Serves you right. That dog’s more intelligent than you think.”
Jim smiled. It was stupid the things that could keep your spirits up at a time like this.
The rest of the evening, or what was left of it, they spent sitting in the living room discussing their next move. Stephen and Marion both agreed that they could do without the involvement of O’Hara and MI5 at this stage. Particularly as all three were hoping, perhaps a little over-optimistically, that the kidnappers would release Susan and Millie when they had what they thought was the K2 unit. On the other hand, it was reassuring to know they were no longer alone and they had the support of the authorities behind them.
Jim brought the brown envelope downstairs and passed round the information that O’Hara had given him.
The typewritten sheets were brief, but quite informative. There was some background on Walker and Quinn, who were both known to the authorities. Quinn had served time in prison on more than one occasion, but not in recent years, which seemed to coincide with the time that he had started to work for Walker. By contrast, Walker had been to court only once and had been acquitted of all the charges that had been laid against him. To Jim that suggested Walker was either very careful, used other people to do his dirty work, or had enough money to hire the very best lawyers if he did run into problems. The third sheet, which gave information on the Arab, was particularly brief. Mohammed Musa was a Syrian national living in Saudi Arabia, whose job was listed as ‘Travel Consultant’. There was no photograph of him, although a brief description said he was approximately forty-five to fifty years old, height 5’10” and weighed between 180 and 200 pounds. Very little was known about him, other than the fact that he belonged to an organisation whose name had been scored out with a black marker pen so that it was no longer legible.
Marion finished the last of the three sheets and put it back in the envelope that lay on the coffee table between them. 
“What I don’t understand is, if they know the people involved, why haven’t they arrested them or done something to stop them?”
“That’s easier said than done,” Jim said. “They might know that these three are behind it, but without solid proof they can’t arrest any of them. If they did, a solicitor would have them out again in next to no time. Anyway, it seems from this that they haven’t known their whereabouts for at least the last 4 weeks.”
“What are we going to do with this?” Stephen asked, picking up the GPS tracker device.
Jim took it from him. “I’ve been thinking about that. I don’t think we should use it. If MI5 and O’Hara can track the kidnappers, they’ll wait until the fake K2 unit is back at their base and then move in with everything they’ve got. That way, they’ll hope to get most of the gang and with a little luck, to recover the hardware as well. What worries me are the kidnappers’ threats of the consequences if we involve the police. After all, there’s no guarantee that the electronics would be taken back to the same place that Susan and Millie are being held.”
“I agree,” Stephen said with a frown. “But what’s the alternative?”
“Well, we could let O’Hara see the fake unit with Archie Long’s tracker device in it. I’m sure he’d be satisfied that it was the same black cylinder in there that he’d given me.”
Jim passed the tracking device from one hand to the other. “I’m sure I could arrange some diversion using this one when the time comes to make the exchange. In that way, we can track the kidnappers’ movements, but not have O’Hara’s team going in with all guns blazing. If Susan and Millie do get released, we can tell them about the second tracker and let them follow it up without our involvement.”
“And if they’re not released?”
“If not, then at least we’re still in control of the situation.”
Marion looked worried. “O’Hara and his side will be really angry with us won’t they? Didn’t he threaten you with what would happen if you didn’t co operate?”
Jim nodded thoughtfully. “True. I’ll just have to come up with something plausible to explain why their tracker device stops working after the exchange. Anyway, let me work on that. I’m sure I can come up with something.”
While they talked, Stephen’s dog Sandy had been pacing restlessly around the room and now, having decided he’d been patient enough, he went to stand in front of Stephen, staring at him expectantly.
Stephen checked his watch. “Sandy thinks it’s time to go to bed. I’ll just need to take him out to spend a penny. Do you want me to take Wolf as well?”
“I’ll come with you,” Jim said, getting to his feet. “It’s about time I turned in anyway. There’s nothing else we can do until the kidnappers phone in the morning.”
Both dogs were used to going out before everyone went to bed and the familiar routine only took a few minutes, despite the fact that Wolf insisted on sniffing most of the rough ground at the end of the garden before he found somewhere suitable to cock his leg.
As they came back in and locked the door behind them, the sound of Jim’s phone could be heard from the kitchen, where he’d left it in his jacket pocket. Jim rushed through and picked up the call just before it diverted to his answer phone.
“Hello?”
“Jim? Hi, it’s Archie. I’m sorry I haven’t had a chance to get back to you before now.”
Jim breathed a sigh of relief that it was him.
“Archie, thanks for phoning back. Give me a minute will you.”
He put his hand over the mouthpiece and turned to Stephen. “It’s Archie Long. You go up and I’ll come and let you know what he has to say, before I turn in.”
Stephen nodded and ushered the two dogs upstairs in front of him, whilst Jim took a seat at the kitchen table.
“God Archie, it’s good to hear a friendly voice. I could really do with a second opinion on what’s been going on today.”
“Me too,” Archie replied. “I’ve got some news from my end, but you go first……………”
SEVEN


Early on Monday morning a battered, white Ford Escort van pulled into the courtyard at Henson’s Farm and two men got out. Both were dressed in blue denim jeans, scruffy work shirts and heavy boots, which were splashed with mud and traces of dried concrete. Gary Clarke was the younger of the two at 25. Spencer, the driver of the van was only a few years older, but looked as if he was in his mid thirties, possibly due to the fact that he smoked heavily and had a noticeable beer-belly, which hung over the thick leather belt that he wore.
Clarke walked to the back of the van and opened the rear doors.
“Get mine as well would you,” Spencer asked.
In the back there were two sports bags, thrown on top of an assortment of tools and equipment, none of which looked as if it had ever been looked after properly. Clarke picked up the bags and handed one to Spencer as they climbed the short flight of concrete steps to the farmhouse.
“Better knock I suppose,” Clarke said and hammered on the door.
Whilst they waited for an answer, Spencer glanced round the yard, mentally summing up the work that would be needed to convert the building from its present use to an up-market property that could be sold on for profit.
“It needs a lot of work,” he commented. “The whole place is crumbling away.”
“Not our problem is it,” Clarke replied. “We’ll only be here for a few days until Mr Walker sorts out this business with the woman and the girl. By the time the crew arrive we’ll be long gone.”
There was a sound of footsteps from within and the door was opened by Ronnie Dunn, dressed even at this early hour in shirt and tie.
“Oh it’s you two. You must have made good time on the road?”
“Yeah, traffic’s pretty light,” Spencer agreed. “Mind you we left pretty early. Don’t suppose there’s any chance of breakfast is there?”
Spencer was well aware that Dunn, an ex army chef, always did the catering and could usually be relied upon for a cooked breakfast, or at the very least a bacon and fried egg roll.
“Sorry lads. Only toast and cereal this morning. Dump your bags upstairs then you can help yourselves. I’ll let Mr Walker know you’re here. He’ll want one of you to take over from Tony across the yard.”
“Had any problems with them?” Spencer asked, producing a packet of cigarettes from his shirt pocket and offering one to Dunn.
Dunn took the cigarette and waited for Spencer to finish lighting his, before taking the lighter from him. “No, they’ve been quiet so far. Mind you, they’ve only been here since last night. They’re probably still in shock.”
Spencer took a long drag on his cigarette. “So how long do you reckon we’ll be here then?”
“Hard to tell,” Dunn said. “Liam Quinn reckons it’ll be a nice clean operation. Over and done with in a few days.”
“How much will the pay-off be?” Clarke asked, more interested in the money than anything else.
“Come off it Gary. You know better than that. Mr Walker won’t want anyone knowing any details that they don’t have to. He’ll see you right. You haven’t had any cause for complaint in the past have you?”
“No, I suppose not,” he agreed. “Just interested, that’s all. This one seems a lot bigger than usual.”
“Maybe it is and maybe it isn’t,” Dunn said evasively. “Anyway, are you going to stand around gassing or what?”
“Guess not. What room are we in?”
“Second floor, first on the right.”
Clarke and Spencer disappeared upstairs and Dunn filled the kettle for them and switched it on, before going to look for Walker and Quinn. He found them sitting outside on the low stone wall which fronted the building, laughing about something as they finished their coffee.
“Is that Clarke and Spencer?” Walker asked as he approached.
“Yes, just arrived,” Dunn confirmed.
“Good, then we’ll get off.”
Walker stood and handed his empty cup to Dunn, who waited whilst Quinn drained the rest of his and did the same. It was good that Clarke and Spencer were early. Walker didn’t like waiting around and was known to get into a foul mood if he was. Both men were going up to London for the day to look after some of Walker’s more legitimate business interests and to meet with their contact on this deal. It was only prudent to wait until Clarke and Spencer had arrived. Not that they were expecting trouble from the ‘guests’ but Walker didn’t want to leave with only Dunn and Bryant in the house.
“Remember you’re in charge Ronnie,” Walker said over his shoulder as he and Quinn went back into the farmhouse. “Stick to the routine we agreed and if you run into any problems, phone us.”
“Will do Mr Walker.” Dunn followed behind with the empty mugs.
Dunn wasn’t worried. There wouldn’t be problems, and in any case, Walker had said they expected to be back late that night, or at worst, first thing Tuesday morning.
Back in the kitchen Clarke and Spencer were going through the cupboards, moving everything around.
“Oi! What are you up to?” Dunn asked with a note of annoyance in his voice.
“Where’s the tea and coffee?” Clarke asked.
“Yeah, and the bread?” said Spencer.
“Where you’d expect them to be,” Dunn replied with a sigh. “Sit down and I’ll get them. At least there’ll be less mess if I do it.”
Clarke nodded at Spencer as if to say ‘I told you so’ and both took a seat at the kitchen table, while Dunn found the tea and coffee, mugs, cereal and milk for them.
“Toast?” Dunn asked.
“Please,” Spencer replied, offering Dunn another cigarette as a conciliatory gesture, before placing the packet and lighter on the table in front of him.
Dunn cut several slices of bread and dropped them into the four slice toaster that stood next to the cooker, then put the butter and a jar of marmalade in front of Spencer on the table.
Quinn put his head round the door. “Right we’re away. Don’t go waiting on these two Ronnie. Get them across the yard to take care of things over there.”
Spencer flicked his cigarette ash into the ash tray in the middle of the table and looked coolly at Quinn. “Don’t worry, we’ll do our bit. Just give us five minutes to have a bite to eat and we’ll get on with it.”
Quinn grunted and headed out to the car, where Walker was waiting for him. Quinn didn’t have a high opinion of Spencer or of Clarke for that matter, but he supposed they’d do. Dunn was too easy going, but he knew they could rely on him to take care of things.
As Walker pulled out of the farmyard, Quinn reached behind him for the road atlas that was tucked into the pocket at the back of his seat.
“What are you doing?” Walker asked.
“Just looking up the service station.”
“No need. I know where it is.”
“How far out of London is it?”
“About an hour. Maybe a bit longer, depending on traffic.”
“Bloody stupid place to meet if you ask me,” Quinn muttered.
Walker shook his head. “No, I disagree. There’ll be plenty of people coming and going. Easy to get to and easy to get away from and we’ll be unlikely to attract much attention. Apart from that, I’d prefer to meet their man in a public place. There’s less chance of them pulling something unexpected on us.”
Walker had phoned their buyers at the weekend to give them an update and to see if they would be in a position to come up with the money if he could get the rest of the K2 system in the next few days. The Arabs, it seemed, wanted some confirmation that the goods had been obtained, before they started moving their funds, so the two had agreed to meet their contact at a motorway service station, to let him see for himself that they already had the detector unit. Walker had met Musa twice before, but Quinn hadn’t.
“Do you think they’d try to cross us?” Quinn asked.
“No, I don’t think so. Not when they’re expecting to get the rest of the equipment later this week. If we had all of it, I’d want to be more careful. As it is, they’d be doing themselves no favours if they tried to pull a fast one at this stage. I’ve arranged for a couple of the boys to come with us just in case. I take it you’ve come prepared?”
“As instructed,” Quinn agreed, patting a bulge in his jacket, where a small but adequate semi-automatic nestled in a shoulder holster beneath his arm.
Walker reached forward to turn the radio on. “You might as well relax for the time being. We’re not meeting Musa until this evening anyway.
“What about Reid and Turner?” Quinn asked. “Last night we said that we’d be in touch with them this morning.”
“Let them stew for a bit,” Walker said. “We’ll give them a ring when we get to London.”
Quinn opened his mouth to say something in response, but stopped as Walker lifted a hand in a gesture that said he didn’t want to discuss the matter any further. The hand reached forward to flick through the preset stations on the radio, until Walker found one playing a classical piece.
Quinn turned to look out of the side window and cursed silently to himself. He hated classical music. He’d just have to keep quiet and put up with it.


Archie Long looked at his watch as he walked the short distance back to the MI5 building. Still only 1.45 p.m. Plenty of time to get back to his desk before 2.00 p.m. He liked to get out over lunch. It gave him time to think and get some exercise. Today he was preoccupied with thoughts of Jim Turner. The two had known each other for quite some time; in fact since they’d both started in the security service together. The dangers of working in Northern Ireland created strong bonds and Archie still thought of Jim as a good friend, despite the fact that they didn’t meet up much nowadays. It was surprising they had become so close. The two were very different. Jim would match up to most people’s idea of the typical army type – tall, fit, excelling in any physical challenge that he was set. Archie was the complete opposite. Only 5’6’’, he was carrying at least a stone overweight and nowadays he only needed half the time to comb his hair as he used to. At forty one, he wasn’t much older than Jim but over the years he’d lost a lot of his fitness, largely due to his sedentary life as a desk bound pen pusher. Although never that good at sport, he’d been a keen runner and at one time could run a mile in under four and a half minutes, the one thing that he could beat Jim at. Nowadays he doubted if he could manage that distance in twice as long. 
As he entered the building, Archie nodded at Williams who manned the desk and swiped his pass through the card reader, which let him through the security door. Ignoring the lifts that were well used at this time of day, he trudged up the stairs to the third floor. It had been about a month now since he’d changed his routine. No more chocolate biscuit with his morning coffee, always taking the stairs instead of the lifts. Fresh air and a walk at lunchtime, while he ate the sandwiches that Harriet made him each morning. These and a few other small things had seen him lose more than half a stone so far and he had to admit that he felt better for it.
Arriving at his desk, Archie hung his jacket on the back of the chair, noticing as he did so the yellow post-it note stuck to the middle of his computer screen.
“Come and see me when you get back.” It said, with a squiggle underneath that only vaguely looked like “C.A.”. “C.A.” stood for Clive Armstrong, Archie’s boss and head of department. It wasn’t good news to be summoned by Clive. It usually meant you were getting a particularly unpleasant job, or you’d screwed up big time and he wanted to shout at you away from the open plan office, where he could give free rein to his comments without an audience.
Archie picked up the phone and dialled Armstrong’s secretary.
“Hi Claire, it’s Archie. I’ve got a note on my desk saying Clive wants to see me. Is he free just now?”
Archie had to wait for a moment whilst she checked at the other end. 
“He says sorry, but something has come up and he needs to go to a meeting. Could you come up at 3.00 p.m.? He’ll be finished by then.”
Archie lowered his voice. “You don’t know what he wants to see me about do you?”
“Sure do,” Claire replied. “I’ve got to come down with some files. I’ll stop off and see you in ten minutes.”
Archie thanked her and put the phone down. He got on well with Claire. They often had lunch together in the staff canteen and he had to work with her on quite a regular basis. If something was strictly confidential, she could be relied upon absolutely not to breathe a word about it, but if that wasn’t the case, you could also rely on her to give you some warning, so you could be prepared beforehand.
Not quite ten minutes later, a short plump woman with a slightly red face and large brown framed glasses walked over and dropped a stack of files on the edge of Archie’s desk.
“What’s this information worth then?” Claire asked with a twinkle in her eye.
“What’s your price?” Archie demanded, putting on a voice that said he was prepared to drive a hard bargain.
“A cup of coffee from the vending machine?”
“Done,” Archie agreed with a smile and taking Claire by the elbow, he steered her towards the coffee machine that stood by the window.
The machine made several disgusting noises and produced two plastic cups of orange coloured liquid.
“So why does he want to see me?” Archie asked.
Claire wagged a finger at him. “Who’s been sticking their nose into cases that they’re not assigned to then?”
Archie looked blank. “I haven’t. At least I don’t think I have.”
Claire laughed. “You have you know. And apparently only this morning.”
Archie turned to look out of the window, hiding the look of concern that he knew must show on his face. The only thing that he’d done that morning, other than his normal work, was to look up information for Jim and to courier a parcel to him.
Claire put a hand on his arm. “There’s no reason why Clive should be bothered you know. After all, why shouldn’t someone at your level take an interest in other people’s cases if he wants to? They’re short of bodies this evening though and I think he’s going to twist your arm to stay and help. He said something about you not minding, if you were interested enough to be poking about in the first place.
Archie laughed. “Oh well, if my penalty for curiosity is that I have to put in an extra evening’s work then I don’t suppose I should mind. The overtime will come in handy anyway.”
“But I thought you were loaded Archie?” Claire said, laughing.
“If only,” Archie said.
They walked back to Archie’s desk chatting about nothing in particular and Claire tucked the files under her arm again.
“Thanks for the coffee,” she said. “I’ll see you later.”
Archie took a seat and peeled the post-it note off his computer. If he was going to get shunted onto another case, he’d better tidy up what he already had, or he’d end up taking work home with him to finish it. Anyway, no point worrying what Armstrong had to say to him. He’d find out soon enough.
At 2.55 p.m. Archie tidied his desk, locked his PC so that no one could access it and went upstairs to Armstrong’s office.
“Just go in,” Claire said as he arrived. “He’s not in there, but he should be back in a minute or two.”
Archie went in and took a seat. They say you can tell a lot about a man from his office and Armstrong was no exception. Clive Armstrong was renowned for being old fashioned, but efficient and his office reflected that. Instead of the modern steel frame desk with pedestal drawers that everyone else had, Armstrong had a huge, highly polished wooden one with a green leather top and a padded leather chair. Old fashioned prints of shooting and fishing scenes hung on the walls and instead of the usual collection of papers that could be found on most desks, Armstrong had a small stack of files, each neatly labelled, with a similar pile on an otherwise empty table behind him – evidently waiting to be filed.
The man himself arrived a few minutes later and closed the door behind him. He was a tall, military looking figure in his late fifties with totally white hair and an unmistakable air of authority.
Archie got to his feet.
“Sit down. Sit down,” Armstrong motioned, taking a chair next to Archie, instead of a seat at his desk.
“I want to speak to you about this Irish case,” he said, reaching over to lift a file from the bundle that was still awaiting attention. “Tell me what you know about it.”
“I’m not sure that I know anything,” Archie replied, shifting slightly in his seat.
“Well what were you doing checking up on a chap called Michael O’Hara this morning?”
From experience, Archie knew that honesty was the best policy with Armstrong. “Oh that. I was just checking something for a close friend who’s in a spot of bother.”
“Jim Turner?” Armstrong asked.
“Well as a matter of fact, yes,” Archie agreed.
Armstrong leant forwards. “That’s fine. I don’t have a problem with you trying to help a friend. However, this case is a political hot potato and we can’t have people involved who are not on the team.”
Archie nodded. “Fair enough. I take it you want me to steer clear of it?”
Armstrong smiled. “No, not exactly. Quite the opposite in fact. I want you to pass anything urgent that you’ve got to Claire, so that she can re-allocate it and then I want you on the team until we get this one cleared up.”
Archie must have looked surprised because Armstrong paused for a moment or two to let it sink in.
“I’m afraid you’re going to have divided loyalties. There are some aspects of this case that Turner mustn’t know about.”
“Like what?” Archie asked.
“Like the fact that we’re working directly with the IRA.”
Armstrong paused again to judge Archie’s reaction.
“Michael O’Hara is a senior figure in the provisional IRA and at the moment he’s working with us in the field. If that comes out, there will be hell to pay. Not least by you and me. My job would go as a matter of course and one or two people above me, but the main cost would be political. It’s possible that at worst, it could even affect the cabinet.”
Archie was silent for a moment while he thought.
“Who’s in charge of the operation?” he asked. 
“I’ve taken this one on myself,” Armstrong replied. “We’ve kept the team deliberately small. Just six of us at the moment, who know all the facts. Seven with you, plus a few field agents to do the donkey work. They don’t need to know the bigger picture.”
Armstrong passed the file to Archie. “Here, take this away and read it this afternoon. Anything you want clarified, let me know.”
“Well there is one thing,” Archie said. “What about Jim Turner. If he’s caught up in this and the IRA are involved, it doesn’t look that good for him does it. I take it you know he left the service when the IRA put out a contract on him?”
Armstrong looked uncomfortable. “I’m aware of that. Turner’s a good man and we’ll do what we can to protect him. I know you’ll look after his interests as well, but don’t let your friendship get in the way of doing your job. Remember that if this one goes wrong, there will be far more than just our jobs on the line.”
“Do I have your permission to speak to him?” Archie asked, wondering to himself if it was wise to ask the question in the first place.
“Officially – No,” Armstrong replied. “But off the record, I know you will and I’m prepared to accept that. Just be very careful what you say to him and remember that from an operational point of view, you’ll carry the can if things go wrong as a result of anything you pass on to him.”
“Oh great,” Archie muttered.
Armstrong looked him in the eye. “I know this puts you in a difficult position Long. If there’s anything I can do to help matters, come and speak to me at any time.”
Archie nodded. “Thanks, I will.”
“Oh, and there’s one more thing,” Armstrong continued, getting to his feet. “I know it’s short notice, but I need you to work a few hours this evening. Our intelligence operation says there’s going to be a meeting later today and I need you to coordinate the operation from here, while the others are out in the field. Go and read the file and see me up in operations at 5.00 p.m.”
Archie agreed and got to his feet, apparently dismissed for the time being.

When he got back to his desk, Archie gathered up his existing paperwork, stacked it neatly in an empty wire basket and put it behind him on top of the filing cabinets. With a clear desk, he made himself comfortable, opened the file that Armstrong had given him and started to read.
An hour and a half later, he was still reading but had managed to plough through most of the papers in the file. The sight of people starting to pack up and head for home reminded him that he should speak to Harriet and let her know that he would be late and he reached for the phone.
To his disappointment, it turned out that she wasn’t overly concerned. Some of the girls at the office were going out for a meal she said and she quite fancied joining them. It would also save her having to cook, which was nice, because they needed to do the shopping and she hadn’t a clue what they would have had anyway.
Archie put the phone down with a slight frown. It would have been nice to be missed, at least a little. As it was, Harriet would be out enjoying herself, sitting with a glass of wine in some comfortable restaurant, whilst he would be here making do with sandwiches or something from the takeaway on his way home. ‘Oh well’ he thought, as he tidied up and locked his desk, ‘might as well get on with it’. Tucking Armstrong’s file under one arm, he collected his jacket and hurried upstairs to operations.


Across London, Walker and Quinn were just finishing. Walker, as cautious as ever, had hired a conference room for the day at one of the smaller hotels and the afternoon had seen a procession of people come and go, ranging from Walker’s accountant Arthur Winstanley down to Joey Harris, who did odd jobs for him. One of the reasons Walker had kept his nose clean for so long was that he took precautions. With a big job under way, he didn’t want to be seen at home, nor at any of his usual haunts; particularly since he’d had reports of a stranger asking questions over the last week.
Walker looked up from the small pile of paperwork that he had accumulated over the course of the afternoon. “That’s the lot I think.” He glanced at Quinn, who was standing by the window idly watching a seagull circling outside. “Give me the mobile and I’ll phone Musa to check the meeting is still on.”
Quinn produced the mobile phone from his pocket. “Just let me try Reid one more time.” He punched the now familiar numbers into the keypad before holding the phone to his ear.
“Still nothing.” He swore in disgust and hung up. “Anyone would think this guy’s not that bothered about his bloody daughter.”
Quinn tossed the phone to Walker. “It’s like they’re deliberately not answering. Are you sure the calls can’t be traced on that thing?”
“Quite sure,” Walker assured him calmly. “Even if they could, it would only lead back to whoever Joey stole the phone from in the first place. He said he lifted it from some guy’s jacket pocket in the changing room at his local swimming pool. No link to us at all.”
Quinn grunted. He was in a bad mood. He’d had to suffer Walker’s taste in music for a few hours whilst they drove up here and then he’d had to sit around all afternoon pushing paper. On top of that he was beginning to think Reid was deliberately avoiding them to stall for time.
“Go and settle up with the hotel will you.” Walker produced a small wad of £20 notes from his briefcase and tossed them across the table to Quinn. “Pay them in cash and get a receipt for it.”
As instructed, Quinn headed off to reception and heard Walker on the phone to their Arab contact as the door swung shut behind him.
When he got back, Walker had packed up and was ready to go.
“Meeting’s still on for 7.30 p.m.” Walker said, looking at his watch. “That gives us a couple of hours. We’ll go and get a drink and a bite to eat and then we can pick up Kenny and John’O before we collect the hardware.”
Quinn cheered up a little. At least he could relax and have a pint before they spent the rest of the evening driving around to show some Arab that they really did have the goods.
As they left, the two men checked the hotel bar. This proved to be half full of men in suits and women in some sort of corporate uniform. No doubt people who had been using the hotel’s conference facilities and like them were staying for a drink or two, before heading home for the evening.
“This’ll do,” Walker said, dropping into an armchair in one corner, where they were away from the press of people that surrounded the bar. He handed a £10 note to Quinn.
“Get me a whiskey will you and whatever you want yourself. Ask them if they do food as well.”
Quinn came back a few minutes later with the drinks. “No food, but the restaurant opens at 6.00 p.m.”
“That’s no bloody good,” Walker complained. “We’ll be thinking of leaving by then.”
Quinn shrugged. “We’ll just need to stop for something later on. It’s a bit early for me anyway.”
Walker took a sip of his whiskey. “Well I suppose it doesn’t matter. So long as we don’t end up eating at some bloody motorway café.”
By the time Walker decided it was time to leave, Quinn had finished his second pint and was beginning to unwind. 
“Come on,” Walker said. “We’d better be off.”
Quinn drained the last inch of Guinness from his glass, glanced at his wristwatch wondering if there really wasn’t time for another and then stood up.
The hotel must have been hosting a large function that afternoon, because the area around the bar was now quite crowded. As the two men weaved their way between the small knots of people who were standing around chatting, a large, heavily built man in shirtsleeves and unknotted tie turned without looking and walked straight into Quinn, slopping the first inch of his pint down Quinn’s jacket.
“Damn it, watch where you’re bloody going,” Quinn said, shoving the man out of the way.
“Hey!” the man replied, turning and catching Quinn firmly by the shoulder. “Who the hell do you think you’re shoving?”
Quinn’s hand was already in his pocket, curling into a fist around the handle of a well worn lock-knife, but Walker’s hand on his wrist restrained him.
“Now gentlemen. We don’t want any trouble do we? I’m sure that it was just an accident. Let’s just forgive and forget shall we.” Walker stepped between the two of them and with a hand in the small of his back, steered Quinn firmly in the direction of the door.
“Leave it Liam,” he said in a low voice. “We haven’t got time for it and it’s more trouble than it’s worth. Particularly when you’re carrying.”
Quinn scowled and glared back at the fat man, who turned away and disappeared into the crowd.

The car was a five minute walk from the hotel, in a multi-storey car park that backed onto the local shopping precinct. By the time they got there Quinn had calmed down, but as they trudged up the stairs to the top, Walker could see that he was still in a foul mood.
On the top floor there was no one to be seen and only a few cars were parked this far up. Walker handed the mobile to Quinn.
“Here, try Reid again and I’ll get the car.”
Quinn checked there was a signal and sat down on the edge of the crash barrier while he dialled.
Walker strolled casually to the other end of the car park and got into the BMW. As he sat behind the wheel he could see Quinn, now standing by the exit ramp, shouting into the phone and waving his arm around in a way that left you in no doubt that whoever was on the other end was getting a real earful. When he saw him put the phone away, Walker started the engine, swung the car round and drove over to pick him up. Quinn opened the door with a scowl and slid into the passenger seat.
“You got through then?” Walker said, as he put the car into gear and drove down the first of the exit ramps.
“Yeah,” Quinn confirmed. “He says the hardware is away for testing, but he’ll have it first thing in the morning. I said we’ll ring him at 10.00 a.m.”
Walker wound down his window so he could pay at the exit. “Good. I want to go over your plans for the exchange. We’ll be picking the others up in a few minutes. We can discuss it later on once we’ve got this over and done with.”
The exit barrier swung up and out of their way and Walker turned out of the car park and into the early evening traffic.
EIGHT


The journey to the Eastgate Service Station was uneventful. Walker and Quinn picked up Kenny and John’O outside the tube station in Putney just after 6.00 p.m. before driving to a secure lock-up, where they picked up the detector unit.
The thing certainly didn’t look like it was worth the money they were being paid for it. It was just a flat panel about a meter square, with a dark glass surface and a steel frame. It reminded Quinn of those solar heating panels that people fixed to the roof of their house to cut their electricity bills. The only difference was that the detector unit was at least ten inches thick and was extremely heavy.
Having checked the unit as a precaution, Quinn re-wrapped it in the clear plastic bubble wrap that he had just peeled away and their two bodyguards lifted it into the back of Walker’s BMW, where it filled most of the boot space.
The traffic out of London wasn’t too heavy and they made pretty good time. Kenny and John’O were the muscle in Walker’s organisation not the brains, so the conversation was almost non-existent. Quinn drove to give Walker a break, whilst the other three sat in silence and watched the scenery go by. To be fair, the silence was mostly due to Walker, who wouldn’t discuss business if he could help it. In his experience, things that were overheard were too easily repeated, even inadvertently.
Quinn broke the silence as they passed a motorway sign. “Services half a mile. This is it.”
Walker glanced at his watch. “Fifteen minutes early. You’d better park out of the way somewhere and we’ll wait for Musa to appear.”
Quinn indicated and pulled into the slip lane, along with a stream of other vehicles.
On Walker’s instructions, everyone had been watching the traffic for signs of a tail, but to be honest there could have been at least half a dozen cars that they had overtaken, or which had overtaken them, only to be seen again five or ten minutes later.
Quinn wasn’t so sure that a motorway service station was a good place to meet. At least in town you could tell if someone was following you. It also made him uneasy that there was only one way in and one way out of the place.
“Drop Kenny here,” Walker instructed, as they entered the car park.
Quinn stopped for Kenny to get out, and then drove on, pulling into a parking space nearer to the buildings themselves. It was one of Walker’s usual precautions. He liked to have at least one person watching from a distance, where they could give a warning if they saw anything suspicious, or create a diversion should it be necessary.
Quinn switched off the engine and looked around. The service station was a typical example of the many that were scattered up and down the country’s motorways. A large concrete building dominated one end of the enormous car park and according to the signs, offered takeaway burgers, fish and chips, a restaurant and the usual shop selling newspapers and magazines. In the distance, beyond the lorry and coach park, there was a B.P. Garage and beyond that, a slip road leading back to the motorway. The whole area was busy with a steady flow of traffic coming and going from the motorway itself, which was an ever present noise in the background. In its favour however, the surroundings had been designed to try and make the place a bit more welcoming. Although there were large areas of tarmac and concrete, the buildings were surrounded by a wide border of grass and trees, whilst the car park was softened and broken into smaller units by areas of grass and mature shrubs, which did their best to soften the stark lines of the concrete buildings and the road beyond.
Walker unbuckled his seat belt. “I’m going in to use the loo. You two stay here. I’ll be back in a minute.”
The door closed behind him and Quinn watched as he walked casually towards the main building. To their right he could see Kenny take a seat at one of the picnic tables that were set amongst the trees, where he could watch traffic coming and going and keep an eye on the car, without looking too conspicuous himself.
Quinn felt uncomfortable. He didn’t like sitting out in the open, just waiting. Particularly when there was a few hundred thousand pounds worth of stolen equipment in the boot and he was the one behind the wheel. In the distance he saw Kenny take out his phone and put it to his ear and a moment later his own phone rang, making him jump, despite the fact that he had expected it.
“What?” he said pressing the phone to his ear.
“Police,” Kenny replied. “About fifty yards to your left. Two of them in a marked car. They’ve just pulled up.”
“Shit!” Quinn turned to look, but couldn’t see them beyond the rows of cars that stood in between.
“Probably nothing to worry about,” Quinn replied calmly, despite the fact that he felt anything but calm. “Keep watching and let me know if they head in our direction.”
Quinn could see Kenny with the phone still pressed to his ear and a moment later he said, “It’s o.k. they’re both out and are going into the building. Mr Walker’s coming back. They’ve just walked straight past him.”
Quinn breathed a small sigh of relief. “Fine. Keep us posted if you see anything else.” He thumbed the disconnect button and put the phone back in his pocket as Walker opened the door and slid into the passenger seat.
“O.k?” Walker asked, having seen Quinn on the phone.
“Yeah, fine,” Quinn replied. “Kenny was just warning us that there’s a police car parked over there to your left.”
“I know. I passed them on my way back. We’ll just sit tight for a while and if they’re still there when Musa arrives, we’ll move somewhere else, before we let him see the goods.
As it turned out, they needn’t have worried. Ten minutes later Quinn’s phone rang again and Kenny reported that the police had returned, got into their car and that he’d seen them drive out and re-join the motorway traffic on the slip road beyond the petrol station. 
As Quinn spoke to Kenny, Walker’s phone rang.
“He’s here,” Walker said, twisting round in his seat to search the car park. “There he is – the man in the blue blazer, standing by the entrance.”
Walker turned to Quinn. “You stay here. I’ll go and speak to him and if everything’s o.k. I’ll signal you to move the car.”
“Fine,” Quinn agreed. “Where do you want me to park?”
Walker pointed to an area to the right of the car park where there were fewer cars. “We’ll walk over there. When I say so, bring the car over and put it in one of those empty spaces next to the bushes.”
Quinn nodded in agreement and Walker opened the door, got out and walked purposefully towards their contact.
Behind him John’O also got out, but got straight back in again, squeezing his large frame into the vacant front seat beside Quinn, where he had a better view and could get out easily if he was needed. 
Over at the picnic tables, Kenny got to his feet and walked casually through the trees and shrubs, looking to anyone watching as if he was simply stretching his legs after a long drive, but in reality finding a better position to watch both Musa and the BMW.
It took a minute for Musa to spot Walker as he approached. Dressed in a blue blazer and grey flannel trousers, Musa could have been mistaken for one of the many foreign doctors that worked in the NHS nowadays, rather than a senior figure in a dangerous Middle East organisation.
Quinn and John’O watched as Walker shook Musa by the hand and the two talked. Quinn had no idea what they were discussing, but Musa was pointing at the services that lay on the other side of the motorway and the pedestrian bridge that joined them, as if explaining that he had walked across.
Still in conversation, the two walked to the area that Walker had previously indicated and as planned, Walker raised his arm and beckoned for Quinn to drive over.
“Here we go,” Quinn said. He reached inside his jacket to take out the small automatic pistol from its holster, checked it, made sure the safety catch was on and then returned it to its holster.
“Everything look o.k. to you?” he asked, turning to John’O.
John’O nodded. “Yeah fine. Looks as if this guy’s on his own.”
Quinn put the BMW into gear, eased out of the parking space and drove the short distance across the car park, pulling in at the spot Walker had indicated. Walker and Musa were still having a serious discussion; no doubt about money and arrangements for delivering the goods.
Eventually Walker nodded in their direction and the two got out of the car to wait for instructions. Kenny wandered by thirty or forty yards away eating an ice cream. Quinn wondered where he’d got it from. It was a nice touch. It made him look inconspicuous. Musa didn’t even glance in Kenny’s direction. To him he was just part of their general surroundings.
It appeared Walker and Musa had come to some agreement, as they stopped talking and came to join them at the back of the car.
Walker turned to Quinn. “Let’s see it then.”
Quinn turned the key in the lock, lifted the boot and leaned in to pull back the wrapping from the K2 detector so Musa could inspect it.
As the Arab stepped forward, he reached inside his jacket and was surprised when his elbow was gripped firmly from behind as John’O moved in on him.
Musa laughed nervously in sudden understanding. “No, no, all is in order. Here, you can see.”
He undid the front of his jacket and held it open for John’O to check what he’d been reaching for. John’O didn’t need any further invitation and put a hand into Musa’s inside pocket, pulling out a compact digital camera. Having checked it to satisfy himself that it was exactly what it appeared to be, he handed it back.
“Just a precaution,” Walker said. “I hope you understand that we have to be careful in these situations.”
“I understand,” Musa said. “It is alright. I must take some pictures though.”
Quinn caught Walker’s eye over Musa’s shoulder and shook his head. Pictures were not a good idea. They gave away far too much information if they found their way into the wrong hands.
Walker looked as if he agreed and was going to refuse, but then appeared to have second thoughts.
“O.k.” Walker agreed. “But you tell me what you want and I’ll take the photographs. We don’t want any faces on the prints, or number plates, or anything that would identify us or where we are.”
Musa nodded. “That is agreeable. Here you are.” He handed the camera to Walker and the two stepped forward to examine the detector in more detail.
Walker had taken two pictures and was leaning right into the boot, to take a third, when all hell broke loose. There were three loud reports in rapid succession from the far side of the car park, followed by men shouting and a woman screaming.
“Shit! Those are gunshots.” Walker jumped back from the boot, just missing the boot lid with his head and turned in the direction of the noise, which was coming from a large area of shrubs in the far corner of the car park.
Quinn’s hand was halfway to his own gun, but Walker stopped him before he could draw it.
“Wait!” Walker hissed.
Across the tarmac, two men were running towards the shrubbery, whilst a woman, obviously terrified, ran in the other direction, clutching a little girl to her chest. Everyone around them was transfixed, staring in the direction of the bushes from where the shots had come. Walker looked beyond Musa to where Kenny, now minus his ice cream, stood only a few yards away, having closed in quickly. Kenny shrugged. He hadn’t seen anything that would threaten them.
Walker pressed the camera into Musa’s hand and slammed the boot closed. “Here take this. We need to get out of here. I’ll phone you once we’re clear.”
Musa just stood there, as if waiting to see what would happen next. Walker took hold of his shoulders and turned him physically to face in the other direction.
“Never mind that. Get a bloody move on. Something’s going down and if we don’t get out of here right now, we’re not going to be able to.”
Quinn was already back in the car and had started the engine. Walker and the other two piled in and he pulled away smartly, driving for the exit. Through the rear view mirror he saw Musa hurrying towards the buildings and the footbridge that spanned the motorway.
“What was that?” Quinn asked.
“God knows,” Walker replied. “But I don’t like it. We need to get away from here and fast.”
The motorway was busy and as Quinn pulled into the traffic, they were swallowed up by a mass of cars, and lorries heading north.
“Do you want to get off the main road?” Quinn asked.
“Yes.” Walker was scanning the traffic behind them. “Go past the next junction to the second exit and then I’ll tell you where to go.”
The second exit was only five or six minutes away. Quinn was doing a steady seventy-five in the middle lane and keeping in the midst of the traffic. No one was keeping to the speed limit. The inside lane was nose to tail, but still doing over seventy, apart from the occasional lorry.
Walker turned to Kenny as they came to the junction and got him to pass the road map from the back, which he opened on his knee.
“Take the first left,” Walker said, running his finger down the page to mark their position. “Then straight on for a couple of miles and we should come to a roundabout.”
Quinn was watching the mirror for any sign that they were being followed, but so far there was none. By the time they came to the roundabout he’d started to relax a little.
“Left here,” Walker grunted. “Then there should be a dual carriageway.”
They followed the dual carriageway for three miles and then Walker told Quinn to turn off. The next ten minutes were spent driving around a built up area, going in and out of a shopping complex and then into two separate housing estates, until Walker was satisfied that they had not been followed and they had traced a sufficiently complicated route away from the motorway.
Back at the service station, Musa had walked quickly to the bridge and crossed to the other side. As he did so, he saw that he’d only just made it, as moments later the bridge was closed by two men lifting a temporary barrier into place across the entrance. Musa took Walker’s advice and didn’t wait to see anything else. He hurried to his car, a grey Mercedes parked close to the restaurant complex, got in and drove out of the car park, turning south onto the motorway towards London.

Half an hour later, Walker’s directions had taken the other four well away from the main road until they eventually stopped in a pub car park, where Walker phoned Musa on his mobile phone.
“Well?” Quinn asked, when he’d finished.
“He’s on the motorway. He took our advice and left straight away. Says he should be back in London before long. Come on, we might as well have a drink while we’re here.”
“Are you sure?” Quinn asked in astonishment. “Shouldn’t we get moving?”
“No, I don’t think so,” Walker replied calmly. “I think we’re better off staying put. If those gun shots had any connection to us or to Musa, then we want to stay well clear of the services, the main roads and of London. At the moment we’re in the middle of nowhere. A place where no one would think of looking for us and I reckon we might as well stay here for a while and let things settle down.”
Kenny leaned forward from the back seat. “What about that thing in the boot Mr Walker?”
“That’ll be fine where it is,” Walker replied. “We’ll get a seat near the window so we can keep an eye on it.”
The pub turned out to offer a good selection of food, the smell of which reminded them that they still hadn’t eaten. The place was obviously popular and was busy. As a result, the four blended easily into the background. Quinn and Walker limited themselves to soft drinks, but having checked with Walker, Kenny and John’O had a pint of the local bitter. Because it was busy, the barman had warned that it would be at least half an hour before their food would be ready, but when it eventually did come, it was good. In all, they must have spent two or three hours there and by the time they left it was after 11.00 p.m. Sitting about for that length of time had given Walker and Quinn plenty of time to put their heads together to decide their next move. Originally the plan had been to drive back to London, drop off their two minders and then spend the night in town, before returning to the farm first thing on Tuesday morning. However, whether events at the motorway services were linked to them or not, Walker wanted to play safe and not go back to London at all. They decided to drop Kenny and John’O off at the nearest railway station, let them get a train back into London, whilst Walker and Quinn drove back to Henson’s Farm, taking the minor roads, rather than using the motorway.
The nearest railway station turned out to be half an hour in the wrong direction, but they decided it was still their best option. Walker produced his wad of £20 notes at the station and peeled off a number, which he handed to Kenny.
“There you go Kenny. That should cover the train fare and give you both something for this evening.”
The two got out and Walker and Quinn drove off, leaving them to wait on the platform.
Now there were just the two of them once more, Quinn knew that Walker would be more comfortable discussing the evening’s events.
“So what was going on back there?” he asked.
Walker shrugged. “Who knows? Probably nothing to do with us at all.”
“You don’t really think that?” Quinn asked dubiously.
“No, I don’t. Like I said earlier, it’s too much of a coincidence isn’t it.”
Quinn glanced away from the road to look at Walker. He didn’t seem in the least concerned.
“That guy Musa was as surprised as we were, it couldn’t have been his lot.”
“Maybe not,” Walker agreed. “If we hadn’t got him moving, he’d still be there caught up in the middle of it.”
“And it couldn’t have been the police,” Quinn continued. “There were no uniforms about except the two who left before things started. Anyway, the place would have been swarming with coppers if it was down to them.”
“True,” Walker agreed.
“So that just leaves the Irish or some other Arab connection.”
“Or both,” Walker said. “Or some other crowd who’re interested in the equipment. Or something else entirely. Who knows? You might just as well stop worrying about it.”
Walker leaned forward and switched the radio on. “The news will be on in a while. Maybe there’ll be something on the next bulletin?”
Quinn frowned. ‘Bloody classical music again’ he thought to himself.


The evening hadn’t gone well for Archie. He was glad he was just helping and that Armstrong was in charge. The two were sitting alone in Armstrong’s office, going over things.
Everything had started well. They had seven field agents assigned to the job. Three cars, with two guys in each and one man on a motorbike. All they knew was that a meeting was to take place that evening between Musa and Walker. They didn’t know where and they didn’t know when. They did however have a tracker on Musa’s Mercedes and had even managed to plant a bug inside it. Musa had been under observation all afternoon, but he hadn’t left his hotel room until after six. For a nasty moment they had thought he wasn’t going to take his car at all, as he’d left the hotel by the front entrance and walked quickly down the street on foot. Thankfully, it turned out that he was just going to pick up a pack of cigarettes at the newsagents and he returned a few moments later, walked straight down to the car park via the hotel lobby and drove out in the car they had tagged earlier.
Following Musa across London was tricky, even though his car stood out like a beacon on their equipment. There were too many red lights and so much traffic nowadays, that even with three cars and a bike, there were times when they were not as close as they’d have liked to be.
That was when they had their first major problem. One of their cars was crossing a junction, when it was hit side on by a white van that had jumped the lights in the other direction. Thankfully the occupants were only shaken up, but the car couldn’t be driven. One of their men had to stay with it, whilst the other was picked up by the second team. It meant they were down to six people and only three vehicles.
Their second problem was just a lack of foresight. When Musa was driving north it wasn’t clear where he was heading until he turned into the Eastgate Services. Even then, the guys in the field didn’t know if he had just stopped for petrol, was taking a break, or whether that was the meeting place. In any event, they had no choice but to follow him in and take up their stations, three on foot whilst the others waited in the two cars and on the bike.

The footbridge that crossed the motorway was accessed from within the main building and it wasn’t until Musa was half way across, that they realised he was on his way to the other side. That created serious problems for them. If Musa had a second car waiting for him, they would be stranded with their own transport on the wrong side of the motorway. On top of that, they would lose the advantage of being able to track him. On the other hand, if they drove round, it would take them fifteen minutes but it could just as easily put them out of position if he were to double back. The decision was ultimately down to Armstrong and he decided they should call for police backup and divide their resources. As a result, four agents followed on foot, with two others taking one of the cars and the bike round by road. Armstrong reasoned that if a meeting was taking place, he would have four agents on the spot with backup on the way. Alternatively, if Musa was switching cars, they could at least i.d. the vehicle involved and hopefully pick it up again with some help from the police.
Unfortunately, things didn’t go as planned. When they realised that a meeting was on, all four agents were instructed to take up positions to observe and to wait for help. That was when things went from bad to worse. One of their men, with a pair of high powered binoculars, was pushing through the shrubbery at the edge of the car park, when he suddenly realised it was already occupied by a man lying prone with a rifle. Unable to back out of the situation, he challenged the man, who rose to his knees and turned with the rifle in his hands. The agent, who had already drawn his weapon had time for one warning shot. Then, with every indication that the gunman would shoot if given half a chance, their man had shot him once in the shoulder from close range. As the gunman fell, his rifle went off, putting a neat hole right through a nearby car and shattering the windscreen of the vehicle beyond. Everyone’s attention was immediately drawn to them, with those people who had seen what had happened, running to get away, whilst others who were further away, stopping to stare.
In the confusion that followed, Walker and his men had managed to get clean away, whilst Musa had returned calmly to his car and driven back to London. 
Two of their men had stayed with the wounded gunman to give him first aid until an ambulance arrived and the others, with assistance from the police, scoured the motorway north of the service station and the surrounding roads. Of course, there was no sign of Walker’s car and they’d had to abandon their efforts after two hours, leaving the police to make their usual checks for the vehicle, in case it should show up later on.
From the reports that had been coming into the office, it was clear to Archie that they’d missed an opportunity to pick up not only Walker, Quinn and Musa, but also to recover at least part of the missing equipment. Armstrong was furious at the failure, but to be fair he had held his temper in check. No one had actually messed up. Things had just gone against them. If there was to be any criticism, it might be that more resources could have been used. However, as Archie had pointed out when Armstrong raised it, who would assign more than seven agents, three cars and a bike to follow one man? Particularly when they could track him electronically as well.
Armstrong had considered picking up Musa as he drove back to London, but decided against it. He knew that if they did, he would have the camera with him, containing evidence of his involvement with Walker and the K2 detector. However, they already had enough evidence to arrest him. What they really needed was not to reveal their hand, but to wait for him to make contact again.
A report on the gunman came in from the hospital later in the evening. The gunshot wound wasn’t critical and it said that he would survive. He was in surgery and would be unconscious for some time, so they wouldn’t have an opportunity to question him. The man was between thirty and thirty-five and carried no identification at all. In fact the only things he did have, other than the clothes he stood up in, were the rifle, a pocketful of ammunition and a white handkerchief. There was no wallet, no money, no credit cards, nothing to say who he was. In fact he didn’t even have a set of car keys. They had taken a set of fingerprints from him and run them through the police computer but they hadn’t found a match. They had also done a check of all the cars that were parked at the services and had satisfactorily accounted for all of them that were still there. That meant the man had arrived on foot, which was very unlikely, or that he wasn’t working alone and his accomplice had driven off when the trouble started. 
Armstrong leant back in his chair and frowned at Archie. “So if you were to make a guess, who do you think he is?” 
Archie didn’t beat about the bush. “I think he’s Irish. Most likely IRA.”
“What makes you say that?” 
“Well. All we have to go on at the moment are his description, his clothes and the rifle. According to the labels, all of his clothes were bought in the U.K. His description places him as North European, possibly U.K. but it’s the rifle that makes me think IRA. The report says it’s a Czech AK-47, about twenty years old or more. That type of weapon was supplied in some quantity to the IRA by Libya in the 1980s.”
“True,” Armstrong agreed. “But it’s a pretty thin connection.”
“Is it?” Archie asked. “Or are you just hoping that he isn’t IRA? It doesn’t make sense for anyone else to want them dead.”
Armstrong sighed. “I know. You’re probably right.”
“Why don’t you ask your man O’Hara about it?” Archie asked pointedly.
Armstrong thought for a moment. “No. I don’t think we should do that. If the gunman is with the IRA, it would definitely be awkward. I think we’ll keep O’Hara in the dark about this for the time being. 
Armstrong looked at the clock. “It’s late. Why don’t we go home and work on this tomorrow. The others will be in then and we can debrief everyone together.”
“Fine by me,” Archie agreed, getting to his feet. His brain had stopped making sense of all the information anyway. He needed to go home and get something to eat. 
“Get something to eat and a good night’s sleep,” Armstrong said, as if reading his mind.
“Don’t worry. I will,” Archie said, as he left Armstrong packing up his things.
He also had to phone Jim Turner. He couldn’t believe he’d only spoken to him that morning. The amount of information that had come his way over the course of the day was unbelievable. Jim would be extremely interested in the contents of the folder that he’d read that afternoon.
It didn’t take him long to get home. It was late, but the lights were off and the house was empty when he arrived. Harriet was evidently still out. He’d managed to get a sandwich earlier in the evening, but he was still hungry. After raking about in the kitchen, he found half a quiche in the fridge and put it in the oven to warm up. He would have it with a bit of salad and a mug of tea.
Walking through to the living room, he picked up the phone and dialled Jim’s number. The phone at the other end rang for some time and he thought it wasn’t going to be answered, but then he heard Jim’s voice at the other end.
“God Archie, it’s good to hear a friendly voice. I could really do with a second opinion on what’s been going on today.”
Archie dropped into the armchair that stood next to the telephone.
“Me too,” he replied. “I’ve got some news at my end, but you go first….......”
NINE


Monday in captivity passed slowly for Susan and Millie. Susan had been woken at 9.00 a.m. by Millie going to the bathroom, but she was still tired after the hours she had spent checking over their prison the night before. To her credit, Millie had been awake for some time but had been creeping around the room so that she didn’t disturb her.
Surprisingly, Millie was in good spirits and seemed confident that they wouldn’t be prisoners for long. Susan wasn’t so sure, but was careful not to say or do anything that would shake her daughter’s confidence.
Although their room was far from comfortable and it had an all pervading smell of dampness, it seemed their captors didn’t want them to rough it too much. Breakfast arrived at 10.00 a.m. delivered by two masked men, but neither was recognisable from the night before. If they were two different men, that meant there were at least five people involved in holding them. Not an encouraging thought, as it indicated a large, well organised operation.
Breakfast was simple but very welcome. The tray that was left held a plate of buttered toast, two packets of cereal, a jar of marmalade, a flask of tea and a jug of milk. Susan deliberately took her time, aware that there was little else to do and that she would need to find something to amuse Millie for the rest of the day. The radio was a bonus, they left it on in the background and it was somehow comforting – like a link with normality and the outside world.
After they’d eaten, the tray was collected again by the masked men. Susan was surprised by the timing of the knock on the door, until she realised that of course they would know exactly when she had finished, as they would be watching them on the CCTV system. Possibly made bolder by the fact that the masked men were quite civil and knocked before they entered, Susan tried to start a conversation, but without success. Neither would say a word in response to her demands for information and when she took a pace forward, as if to follow the man with the tray, his partner put out a hand and pushed her roughly away from the door.
After breakfast, Susan decided they could both do with a shower, even if only to make them feel a little fresher. The only problem was the camera in the bathroom. Could she face a shower, knowing that two masked men were sitting somewhere nearby, watching her every move? On the other hand, how long would she want to go without a proper wash? If she were to strip off in the bathroom, would the masked men do anything more than just watch? Would they come in with her naked and vulnerable, with no way to protect herself or to get away? No, she decided that in her case, it wasn’t worth the risk, particularly with Millie there. If she was to have a shower, it had better be late at night when their captors were asleep and she had the benefit of darkness to conceal her. The same considerations didn’t apply to Millie though and she couldn’t see any reason why she shouldn’t shower if she wanted to.
When she suggested it, Millie nodded enthusiastically. Her hair still smelt of chemicals and whatever she’d been laid on in the back of the car. The prospect of washing it cheered her up, particularly when they found that there was plenty of hot water. Millie didn’t seem at all bothered by the camera and handed her clothes to Susan without giving it a second thought. On impulse, Susan hung Millie’s shirt over the camera, folded the rest neatly on the floor and then stood between her daughter and the camera whilst she washed. Either their captors were not keeping a close watch on them, or the person monitoring the camera needed to check with someone higher up, because Millie had finished her shower and was towelling herself dry, before there was a loud banging on the outer door and a voice shouted muffled threats. Susan pulled Millie’s shirt down – she needed to put it back on anyway and shouted back that the camera was uncovered.
Lunch, when it arrived, was another flask of tea and some cheese and tomato sandwiches. As before, the two masked men who delivered it said nothing, but there was a short typewritten note with the food:-

“Do not cover the cameras. We will overlook one incident, but if it happens again, you will be separated and held in different rooms.”

The note was clear and to the point and Susan decided not to do anything else which might prompt them to carry out that threat – at least not until the evening. By now she had decided they must escape. Even though it would be hard with Millie to look after, she wasn’t prepared to just sit around in their two room prison and wait to see what fate held for them. She screwed up the note when Millie wasn’t looking and put it in her pocket.
The rest of the day crawled by. Both of them had amused themselves for a while reading some of the magazines that stood on the small table by the window. These were a mixture of women’s magazines and Gardeners World and it reminded Susan of being in a doctor’s waiting room. After that, they’d chatted for a while about nothing in particular, trying to keep their spirits up. There was something very depressing about being locked in a small tatty room, with nothing to do but read magazines and listen to the radio. They couldn’t even see out, which added to the sense of confinement.
Late in the afternoon, they were lying side by side on the bed, discussing what might be happening in the world outside, when Susan raised the subject of escape. The radio stood on the bedside cabinet next to Susan and was tuned to a local music station. Susan leaned over and turned it up slightly, just in case they could be overheard as well as observed on camera. Millie was immediately in favour of the idea and sat up excitedly.
“How can we?” she demanded.
“Keep your voice down,” Susan said. “Lie down again and I’ll tell you. Remember someone will be watching us through that camera and they might be able to hear us as well. Pretend that we’re talking about something else, like we were before.”
Millie lay back on the bed and Susan explained her plan in a low voice, which she was sure couldn’t be heard above the music from the radio.
“If I can make a hole in the ceiling of the bathroom, do you think you could climb through it if I help you?”
“Easily,” Millie replied confidently.
Susan was sure that she could. Millie was a bit of a tomboy and Susan had more than once had her heart in her mouth, as she watched her climbing the Ash trees at the end of their garden. In truth, she was more worried about her own ability to get up there. She would be able to stand on the edge of the bath, but would she have the strength to pull herself up through the ceiling? Millie also had size on her side. If the rafters were close together it would be much easier for Millie to get through than it would for Susan.
“Will you be able to do it quietly though?” Susan asked.
“Of course,” Millie replied. “I bet I’ll be far quieter than you. You’ll be like an elephant!”
Susan smiled. Millie wasn’t going to be a problem at all. She was more excited about the thought of escape, than worried about what might happen if they were caught.
“Right then. If you’re sure you can do it and that you won’t make any noise, then here’s the plan. You’ll have to go to bed early, or at least try to get some sleep, because we’ll be getting up at 1.00 a.m. in the morning. It’ll be very dark then and everyone will be asleep.”
“How will we know to wake up?” Millie interrupted. “We haven’t got an alarm clock.”
“I’ll stay awake,” Susan replied, “But I want you to get some sleep, because you’re not used to staying up until that time.”
“O.k.” Millie agreed brightly.
“Shhh,” Susan reminded her. “You’re supposed to be keeping your voice down.”
Millie squeezed her hand. “Sorry.” 
Susan continued, “I’ll get up first and go to the bathroom. I’ll wake you up as I go. I want you to sleep on the settee like last night, but the other way round, with your head at the end nearest the door. That way, you’ll be able to listen for anyone moving around and warn me if you hear anything. While you’re doing that, I’ll make a hole in the ceiling and come and get you when I’m ready.”
“What about the cameras?” Millie asked.
“We’ll just have to keep our fingers crossed. I don’t think they would stay awake all night just to watch us while we’re asleep, but there will be someone close by, so we’ll need to be really quiet.”
“Making a hole in the ceiling will make a noise,” Millie pointed out.
“I know,” Susan agreed. “I’ll just have to be as quiet as I can and hope that nobody hears. Anyway, if we do manage it, when we get into the loft I don’t know what we’ll find. If there are floorboards above the ceiling, we won’t be able to get out at all. I don’t think there are though, because I rolled up a piece of paper and pushed it through the hole where the pipes are and I couldn’t feel anything. That means you’ll need to be careful when we get up there and just stand on the rafters, otherwise your foot will go through. Will you manage?”
“No problem.” Millie nodded. “I’ve been in the loft with Dad and you just need to put your feet on the wood.”
“Good. Remember it will be dark, but I’ve got a little torch on my key ring that will give us enough light to see by.”
Susan didn’t want to shake her daughter’s confidence, but thought she should at least mention one of Millie’s phobias, so that she was prepared.
“There might be cobwebs and one or two spiders up there. Are you brave enough to ignore them?”
Millie nodded with a look of determination on her face.
“Good. Now if there’s a skylight or a way out, we’ll get out onto the roof and jump down at the back of the building. If not, we’ll look for a hatch to get down into another room.”
“What if there isn’t either?” Millie asked.
“If there isn’t, then we’ll just have to get as far away as we can up there and then break through the ceiling again to get out. If we do that, we’ll make a small hole first to see what’s in the room below. If we do get out, I don’t want you to run unless it’s really necessary. We just walk away as quietly as possible and even if someone sees us, we pretend that we are just going about our normal business. If it’s dark, it will be hard to tell who we are. Be ready though, because if anyone shouts to raise the alarm, or chases after us, you’ll need to run as fast as you can. What do you think? Will you manage?”
Millie nodded again.
Susan squeezed her hand reassuringly. “We’ll probably be back with Daddy again by tomorrow morning.”
Millie turned towards her and gave her a big hug, burying her face in her side. Susan put an arm round her, realising that the reality was probably sinking in, rather than it seeming just like an exciting game.
They lay on the bed like that for most of the afternoon. Susan found a play on the radio, which helped to pass the time and after an hour or so Millie did fall asleep. Susan shut her eyes and tried to sleep herself, but she was too wound up. With luck, adrenalin would keep her wide awake when the time came to put their plan into action.
Despite her nerves, Susan must eventually have dozed off, as they were both woken by a knock on the door. Susan jumped up immediately, looking around the room in panic for the evidence that they were planning to escape, her heart pounding, until fully awake, she realised that they’d only been planning it and hadn’t actually done anything.
There was another, louder and more insistent, knock at the door and Susan shouted, “Come in” as she sat back down on the edge of the bed. A key turned in the lock and the door was pushed open by the same masked men that had delivered their breakfast that morning. Susan checked her watch – 7.00 p.m. That was good; they had both been asleep for a couple of hours. 
One of the men stood guarding the door, whilst the other came in and put his tray down on the small table. Susan was careful to keep away from the door and the man that had pushed her earlier, but she did walk over and sit down on the tattered settee, from where she could see more of what lay beyond their prison door. Immediately outside was a small hallway, with a door opposite and a second more substantial door to the right, which having a doormat in front of it, must lead to the outside. Both doors were closed and possibly locked, although Susan could only guess at that.
Having left his tray, the masked man rejoined his colleague, who stood aside to let him pass, and then closed the door behind them. Susan quickly stepped over to the door and listened. A key was turned in the lock and the bolts were thrown as usual. She put a finger to her lips to tell Millie not to make any noise and then pressed her ear to the wood. Beyond, she could hear the end of the men’s conversation – “I’ll be back in an hour or so to take over for the night.”
A key turned in the outer door and one man must have stepped outside, before it closed once more and she heard the inner door bang as the second man went back to the room beyond. Susan cursed silently to herself. She hadn’t been able to hear whether the front door had been locked again or not. She moved away from her position by the door, in case their remaining captor could see her on camera and considered her plan. It seemed likely that only one man was in the building with them and that a second arrived with the food. From the conversation, it also sounded as if the shift was due to change at 8.00 p.m. and that the second man would be there on his own overnight. With any luck, he would either be asleep at 1.00 a.m. or not particularly alert, which would give them the best chance of escape. What still annoyed her was her inability to hear if the front door had been locked. That could make a big difference if they were able to get into the hallway beyond the bolted door.
Susan turned her attention to the tray that had been left on the coffee table. There was the now familiar flask of tea, two apples, two bananas and a package wrapped in newspaper, which had the unmistakable smell of fish and chips.
“Oooh. Fish and chips,” Millie exclaimed enthusiastically. Fish and chips were Millie’s favourite and Susan had to laugh at the way she immediately brightened up.
“Can I eat them out of the paper?”
“Go on then,” Susan agreed. “But make sure you wash your hands first.”
Millie ran to the bathroom and Susan opened the paper package, putting one portion onto a plate for herself and leaving the other in the paper for Millie. The food today had been completely different. Yesterday they’d been given a properly cooked meal and she’d had the impression that it had been prepared for more than just the two of them. By contrast, today’s food had been cereal, cold sandwiches and now fish and chips. If they were lucky, that could mean there were less people to be fed today, improving their chances of escape – although she supposed, it could just as easily mean that the cook had a day off. Susan put the thought out of her head and cut into the large battered haddock that lay on her plate. Like her daughter, it was also one of her favourites.
By 7:30 p.m. both of them had finished eating and Susan put the dirty plate and greasy wrapping paper on the tray to await collection. Although the radio was one of the things that relieved the boredom of being cooped up, Susan had deliberately turned it off whilst they waited for the return of the second guard at 8:00 p.m. Sitting on the settee by the door, Susan glanced at a magazine whilst she kept an eye on her watch and listened for any sound from outside. Millie sat next to her on the floor, drawing a picture of a tree on a piece of paper.
Just before 8:00 p.m. they heard the noise of footsteps outside and they both held their breath, straining to hear if the outer door would be unlocked. The footsteps stopped, there was the sound of a handle being turned and the front door opened with a slight squeak on its hinges, as the newcomer stepped inside and let it bang shut behind him. Again Susan waited for the sound of a key in the lock, but there was none. The door opposite their own opened and closed and they could hear muffled voices from the room beyond.
Millie turned to Susan and whispered, “I didn’t hear it being locked.”
“No,” Susan agreed. “Keep listening until they come in for the plates.”
Millie went back to her drawing and five minutes later, there was a knock on the door. The two men entered and collected their dishes. As the door was closed and bolted once more, the two sat silently, listening for any noise from outside, until the second man had left and the front door banged behind him.
“Well?” Susan asked. “What do you think?”
“I still didn’t hear him lock the door,” Millie said.
“No, neither did I,” Susan agreed.
Susan put an arm round her daughter’s shoulders. “Right, what do you want to do before we go to bed?”
Millie was happy to continue drawing, so Susan settled down on the bed to try and relax for an hour or two. The noise of a television set, or was it a radio, could be heard faintly from the other room and she thought to herself that it would be a good indication as to whether their guard was going to be up all night, or whether he planned to get any sleep.
Just after 9:30 p.m. Millie got ready for bed and settled down on the settee with a blanket over her. Susan wasn’t going to insist that she tried to sleep and said that she could read if she wanted to.
By 10:30 p.m. Millie’s eyes were shut and the magazine that she’d taken was lying on her shoulder. Susan got up and gently removed it, before covering her up with the blanket and lifting her head, so that she could put a pillow underneath it. Millie was still fully dressed apart from her shoes and Susan put these on the floor beside her, where she could just slip them on. The noise of the television could still be heard faintly from the other room and Susan decided she should get ready for bed herself. Mainly for the benefit of the cameras, she went through the routine of washing, cleaning her teeth and undressing down to her underwear and then climbed into the bed, which squeaked loudly as the old springs took her weight. She’d need to be careful of that she reminded herself, although she doubted whether the noise would carry very far.
At 11:35 p.m. the noise of the television set next door stopped and she could hear someone moving about, before everything eventually fell silent. Susan had been worried that she might fall asleep herself whilst she waited for the hours to pass, but she found that the anticipation of what lay ahead kept her wide awake.
By 12:30 a.m. there hadn’t been a sound for some time and Susan was sure that whoever it was next door was asleep. The minutes ticked by until her watch read 1:00 a.m. and she started to watch the small red light on the camera above the door. On……….off………..on………..off. The light seemed to say “now…..no wait – now!” Susan counted as the light blinked out and had got up to twenty-seven before it winked back on again. She toyed with the idea of trying to move around only whilst the light was out, then rejected the idea. It wouldn’t work. They would just have to rely on no one being on watch at the other end.
Slipping quietly out of bed, she dressed and went over to the settee. Putting a hand over Millie’s mouth, she shook her gently until her eyes opened and she could see that she was properly awake.
“Are you ready?” she whispered.
“Yes,” Millie whispered back.
Susan leaned forward. “There haven’t been any noises for over an hour. You take over listening and if you hear anything let me know.”
Millie nodded and sat up so that she could lean closer to the door.
“No, lie down.” Susan instructed. “If anyone does look at the picture from that camera, I want the room to look completely normal.”
“O.k.” Millie slipped back under the blanket.
“Keep your fingers crossed,” Susan whispered as she squeezed Millie’s hand and kissed her on the forehead. Standing up, she stepped over to the door and put one ear against the wood. There was absolutely no sound from the building beyond. She gave Millie a brief thumbs up and then walked quietly over to the bed, where she slipped the pillowcase off her pillow and put the pillow itself under the blankets, so that from a distance, it looked as if there was still someone in bed. After a glance around the room, she picked up her bag and went into the bathroom, closing the door behind her.
There was a little more light in the bathroom. The moon was up and illuminated this side of the building. Susan sat down on the toilet and watched the camera. The indicator light winked on and off and just like the camera in the other room, there was a twenty-seven second gap. She waited for the light to go out once more and then stood up so that she was silhouetted against the bathroom window. Reaching up, she closed the small hopper at the top of the frame, trapping the empty pillowcase so that it hung down, completely covering the glass. Susan sat down again as she continued counting….24,..25,..26. The light winked back on and she waited to see if there would be any reaction. The room was now significantly darker and hopefully, closing the window would prevent any noise from carrying too far. The question was, whether anyone had been watching and if so, whether they would see any change on the picture from the bathroom camera. After a good ten minutes, Susan crept back into the main room.
“Any noises?” she asked.
“No, nothing,” Millie whispered.
“O.k. I’m going to start then.”
Susan retraced her steps and closed the bathroom door once more. She had already decided how to tackle the ceiling. Taking a metal nail file from her bag, she bent over the toilet cistern and started to turn the small screw that was set into the bottom of the handle. A few minutes later, the screw dropped into her hand and she was able to slide the metal handle off its post. 
So far so good.
Standing on the edge of the bath, Susan could reach the ceiling easily and was able to jam one end of the handle into the hole in the plasterboard, where the pipes came through. It took her a little while to get enough leverage on it, but then there was a sharp cracking noise and a small piece of plasterboard broke away. Susan held her breath. The noise had sounded very loud and she wondered how far it had carried. She waited for a few moments and then, when Millie didn’t raise the alarm, she returned to the task. Now that there was a bigger hole, Susan found that she could nibble away at the edges without making quite so much noise. It was hard work, but after ten minutes, the hole was large enough to get a hand through. Stepping up and into the sink enabled Susan to put her arm through up to her elbow, so that she could feel what lay beyond. To her relief, there were no floorboards above and she could feel the rafters on either side and a gap in between, which seemed wide enough for them to get through. Withdrawing her arm, she stepped down onto the edge of the bath and continued to chip away at the hole. Eventually, the space was wide enough for her shoulders to pass through and taking the small torch from her key ring, she stepped into the sink once more and put her head through, so that she could see into the roof space.
The light from the small torch was starting to fade from too much use, but she could still see a few feet in either direction. Above her, the roof sloped upwards at an angle of forty five degrees and she was disappointed to see that the tiles had been laid over solid boards.
The rafters disappeared into the darkness on either side and there was no light at all, which suggested there wouldn’t be a skylight, otherwise some trace of moonlight would have found its way through.
As she lowered herself to the edge of the bath, Millie’s head appeared around the bathroom door.
“Mum, there’s a car coming.”
Susan stepped down to the floor and quickly ushered Millie back to the other room.
“Quick, back into bed and pretend that you’re asleep.”
They both moved as quietly as possible and were back in bed before a car’s headlights washed across the window and the car itself stopped a short distance from the front of the building. Doors slammed and two or three people got out. Susan could hear their voices, but not loudly enough to hear the conversation. Another door opened and closed in the distance and there was silence once more.
Millie’s head lifted from her pillow and looked in her direction. Susan waited until the red light on the camera winked out and then slipped out of bed to join her by the settee.
“Did you hear anything next door?” she asked.
“No nothing,” Millie replied. “Just the car.”
“O.k. then. We’ll wait for half an hour and if it’s still quiet, we’ll try again. The hole in the bathroom ceiling is nearly big enough.”
Susan would have liked to wait a little longer, but couldn’t leave it too long, in case they lost the cover of darkness. Also, there was now a large hole in the bathroom ceiling and if they didn’t try to escape tonight, it would be discovered first thing in the morning.
There were no more noises from outside during the next half hour, so after checking with Millie that she was ready, they both made their way quietly to the bathroom.
TEN


Standing beneath the hole in the ceiling, Susan gave her key ring torch to Millie, explained what she wanted her to do and then stepped up onto the edge of the bath. As instructed, Millie stepped up behind her, then up onto the sink and then after reaching through the hole to get a grip on the rafters, she put her foot onto Susan’s shoulder and got a boost up and through the hole. The manoeuvre was completed surprisingly quietly and Susan hoped that she could do the same. She stepped into the sink herself, pushed her head and shoulders through the hole and heaved herself upwards. Her legs flailed wildly for a second or two, before she too was through and kneeling on the rafters in the loft space above. They both waited for a moment or two, holding their breath and listening for any sound from below, but thankfully everything remained silent.
“O.k. let’s go,” Susan instructed. “Follow me and be careful where you stand.”
Following the outside wall, they walked along the edge of the loft space for several yards, before hitting a brick wall. They then turned to follow this, taking them back towards and then past the centre of the building, until they eventually stopped at a sloping roof which, Susan reasoned, must mark the front of the building. She stopped for a moment to check that Millie, who was following carefully in her footsteps, was still alright. So far, they had crossed the bathroom ceiling and the ceiling of the room where they were being held and she was sure that they now stood immediately above the window at the front of that room. If they continued along the front wall, she hoped they would cross above the bolted door and into a new part of the building. Mentally keeping her fingers crossed, Susan stepped from rafter to rafter, leading Millie in that direction, until they encountered another brick wall, above the point where the bolted door would have been in the room below.
Susan cursed under her breath and switched the torch off. It was still pitch black, with no glimmer of light at all. Behind her Millie held tightly to her belt, as she turned left and switching the torch on once more, following the wall back in the general direction of the bathroom. Suddenly the light from her small torch revealed a deep shadow ahead, low down on the wall near to the floor. Susan carefully stepped from rafter to rafter and as the shadow came closer, they saw that there was a chimney breast, which went up through the roof and next to it, there was a crawling space, which led through the wall and into the roof space beyond. Susan knelt down and shone the torch through the gap. The wall was a good two feet thick and the hole was just high enough for someone to crawl through on hands and knees. Beyond, more rafters stretched out into the blackness.
“Don’t leave me,” a small voice pleaded from behind, as she knelt down and prepared to crawl through.
“I won’t darling. Here, you go first. I’ll follow you through.”
“No. I can’t.” Millie shrank back from the hole, afraid of what might lie beyond.
“O.k. we’ll go through together. Here, you have the torch.” Susan pressed the small torch into her daughter’s hand and pulled her down to a kneeling position. “I’ll go first, but you hold on to my ankle and follow me.”
Susan flattened herself against the side of the hole, so that Millie could see past her and edged forward, Millie lighting the way with the torch from behind and to her right. As Susan’s hand reached out onto the rafters of the room beyond, her heart leapt in her chest as there was a sudden scurrying sound and something small and furry raced along the bottom of the wall and disappeared into the darkness beyond. ‘Don’t panic’ Susan thought to herself ‘it’s only a mouse.’
“What’s the matter?” Millie demanded from behind her.
“Nothing.” Susan tried to sound calm. “There was something loose on the rafters and my hand slipped.” There was no reason to frighten her daughter. The mouse had gone and was probably more afraid of them than she was of it.
Susan stood up again and Millie’s head and shoulders followed her through the hole. Susan stooped to brush a large cobweb out of the way, before helping her to her feet.
“Uugh Spiders.” Millie shivered.
“No there aren’t,” Susan countered. “They’re just old cobwebs. Come on.” Taking the torch back from her daughter, they held hands and stepped from rafter to rafter as they crossed the loft space. 
“Try to move quietly,” Susan whispered. “We’re probably above the room where the guard is.”
Ten minutes later they had circled the whole loft, and had a fair idea of the building’s layout. At the far end of the loft, was another wall, but this time with no way through. To the front and back of the building, the roof line came down to meet the rafters at floor level, whilst behind them, the crawling hole next to the chimney led back to the space above their prison. The loft obviously didn’t link up with any other building and unfortunately, there was no sign of a skylight or of any other way out. The only other possibility was that there might be a trapdoor, from one of the rooms below.
Susan stopped beside the chimney once more. “You stay here and I’ll check the middle of the room.” 
With no wall to steady herself against, Susan dropped to her hands and knees and started working her way out into the middle of the attic across the dusty rafters. Her knees were sore now from crawling and from crouching down to avoid the roof beams. She also had a large splinter in one hand from the rough wood and a graze on her ankle, where she had scraped it getting through the ceiling. After only a few feet, the small torch revealed an area of flooring in front of her and she got to her feet, grateful for something more solid to stand on. As she directed the torch around her, she could see that a small area about six feet wide had been covered with boards and in the centre of this was a wooden hatch. Susan turned and whispered for Millie to join her, which she did much more nimbly than her mother, stepping lightly from rafter to rafter as Susan used the torch to light her way.
“Be quiet,” Susan whispered. “I’m going to lift the hatch and see what’s down there.”
Very gently, she eased one side of the hatch upwards. There were no hinges and nothing fastening the hatch in place. It was simply a square of wood, resting within a wooden frame that could be pushed up from below. The wood wedged itself firmly in the frame and Susan had to let it drop again. With no handle or anything to hold, it would be difficult to open the hatch from this side.
“Let me try,” Millie whispered. “I’ve got smaller fingers.”
Susan moved aside and Millie reached down to try one corner of the hatch.
“Got it,” she whispered, as Susan saw her finger disappear around the edge and the square of wood lifted slightly.
Susan put a hand on her arm. “Lift it gently and let me have a look.”
Millie lifted the hatch slowly until one side was just above the frame and Susan could peer through. Although the room below was in darkness, her eyes by now were accustomed to the pitch black of the loft space and by comparison, there was more than enough light to see by. The room below was a small kitchen, with a cooker and kitchen cupboards. The hatch was directly above a solid looking kitchen table and this was gently illuminated by moonlight, shining through the window behind it. At the far end of the kitchen, an open door led into another room, also in darkness, apart from a greyish-blue light that flickered intermittently. Susan held her breath but could hear nothing, so she lifted the hatch completely, laid the square of wood on the floor beside her and put her head through into the kitchen itself. Still she could hear nothing, so she pulled back and cupped her hand round Millie’s ear, so that she could whisper to her.
“Take your shoes off and I’ll lower you onto the table. Don’t make a noise, because I think there’s someone in the other room. When you’re down, I’ll follow, but I want you to guide my feet so that I don’t make any sound.”
Millie took her shoes off as instructed and sat on the edge with her legs dangling. Susan was grateful that the area round the hatch had been floored, as it gave her a solid platform to stand on, one leg on either side of the opening. Taking Millie’s hands she braced herself to take the weight as her daughter slipped her bottom off the side of the hatch and dangled through the opening. Susan lowered her slowly, realising at the last minute that she couldn’t get her low enough for her feet to reach the table. It was lucky that Millie was light. Taking a deep breath she transferred her weight to one hand, bent double and catching the edge of the opening with her free hand, she continued to lower her one handed until her toes scraped the table top.
Millie looked up and made a thumbs up sign with her free hand. Susan let go gently and held her breath. Thankfully, the table was solid and supported Millie without any more than a slight creak as her weight came down on it. Susan took her shoes off and passed both pairs down, then swinging her legs through the trapdoor, she turned onto her stomach and let herself slide slowly through the opening into the room below. A small hand caught her foot and guided it down until she too stood on the tabletop. They held their breath once more, listening for anything other than the creak of the table beneath them and then climbed quietly down to the floor. 
Reverting to hand signals, rather than speak; Susan motioned for Millie to stay still as she stepped over to the window. It was the same type as the one in their bathroom, with a small hopper at the top, but this time she could see through it to moonlit fields outside. The window was solid, with no way through other than breaking the glass, which being double glazed, Susan doubted they could do easily. Turning her attention to the kitchen, she crept to the other end and looked carefully around the door into the room beyond. The flickering light it turned out, came from a small television monitor that stood in the corner of the room and illuminated the scene alternately with a grey and then a bluish light, as it switched automatically from one camera to the other in the rooms beyond. Susan found that she was still holding her breath and let it out slowly without a sound. As she peered around the room the dim light from the television monitor fell on a camp bed in the corner, where a dark form was wrapped in a duvet, breathing heavily. Susan turned round and motioned for Millie to join her, putting one finger to her lips to remind her to be quiet. Susan pointed to the man in the bed, putting a finger to her lips again in emphasis, before she took her daughter’s hand and they both stepped into the room.
As they crossed the floor, Susan glanced at the picture on the television monitor. The view of the main room that they had been kept in was very dim, but you could just make out the bed and an outline of the furniture. When the monitor switched to the bathroom, the scene was almost completely dark and Susan was sure that even if awake, the man wouldn’t have been able to see what she had been doing to the bathroom ceiling a few hours earlier.
As they reached the centre of the room Susan felt a floorboard give beneath her foot and there was a quiet creak as her weight came down on it. They froze in their tracks and waited. The man in the bed slept on, not stirring at all. She lifted her foot carefully and the floorboard creaked again, more quietly this time. Again, there was no reaction at all from the man in the bed.
After what seemed an age, they reached the other side of the room and Susan put a hand on the doorknob. It turned easily and she opened the door a few inches and looked through. Beyond lay the small hallway that she had seen earlier in the day – directly opposite, the solid door with large bolts that had kept them prisoner behind it. Opening the door just enough, they squeezed through and Susan closed it behind them, keeping the handle turned, until it bumped gently into place and she could let go, letting the latch engage once more in the door frame.
Making hardly any noise, Susan turned the handle on the front door and pulled. Nothing. She pulled again, putting more effort into it this time, but the door wouldn’t move – it was locked. Susan took the small keyring torch and shone its light on the door. There was a Yale lock with a round knob at eye level and a solid looking mortice lock beneath it. Turning the knob on the Yale, she flicked the catch that held it open and tried again. Still the door didn’t move. The mortice beneath had been locked and there was no sign of a key.
Panic welled up inside Susan’s chest and for a moment she stood there silently in the darkness fighting to keep calm. She closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. Millie was standing next to her, relying on her, waiting for some lead. She couldn’t go to pieces now. They’d have to retrace their steps and try to get out through a window.
Susan cupped her hand around Millie’s ear and whispered instructions, then she turned back to the inner door and gently turned the handle. Inside, the room was the same. The man in the bed had moved slightly and was wheezing in his sleep. The television monitor continued to switch from one picture to another, bathing the room in two-tone light, like a slow motion stroboscope. Millie caught her nose suddenly and screwed up her face, before making a strangled sneezing noise, then once more and again a third time. The man in the bed stirred in his sleep but nothing more. Susan put a hand on her shoulder and guided her slowly to the front of the room, where floor length curtains hung across the window. She held her breath. Don’t let there be bars. Please don’t let there be bars. They reached the curtains and Susan pulled the heavy cloth away from the wall to let the two of them slide behind. There were no bars – thank goodness. 
The window was different to the one in the other room – a bigger frame, with a large casement window at either end, each of which would open outwards. Through the glass Susan could see a paved yard with two cars and a van parked at the far side and behind them, an imposing stone house, illuminated by the moonlight. Everything looked quiet, so she carefully released the catch on the right hand window, lifted the bar at the bottom and pushed. The window gave a little, but wouldn’t open. Susan pushed harder, but still the thing wouldn’t move. It was jammed tight. She closed the catch again and motioned for Millie to move along behind the curtain, so that she could reach the window at the other end. Again she released the catch and lifted the bar at the bottom, but this time when she pushed the window gave and swung outwards on its hinges.
Suddenly, all hell broke loose. What sounded like a fire engine, started up in the hallway behind them with an almost painfully loud bell and a red flashing light. Shit! – The damn place had a burglar alarm and they’d just set it off. Behind them there was a crashing noise, as their guard who had been sound asleep, half fell out of bed and stumbled around in the dark, looking for the light switch.
“Quick, get out,” Susan whispered urgently to Millie and pushed her up onto the window sill and out through the open window, holding her hand until she had jumped to the ground outside. Light flooded the room behind her as she scrambled onto the window ledge herself. Before she could step through, two powerful arms locked around her through the curtain and hauled her back into the room. The curtain, trapped between them, tore away from the wall, tripping them both so that they landed in a heap with Susan on top.
“Run!” Susan screamed,
The man, winded by Susan’s weight falling on top of him and tangled in the curtain, lost his grip as she fought and kicked. Susan lunged towards the window, as the man behind threw the curtain aside and scrambled to his feet. Her heart pounding, she heaved a chair between them and jumped for the window sill. Millie still stood outside, watching in horror. “Run!” Susan screamed at her. “Go….Go….I’ll catch up.”
Millie turned and ran for the driveway, as lights started to come on in the house behind her.
Susan had one knee on the window sill and one foot on the frame before a hand closed tightly around her ankle. Taking all her weight on both arms, she kicked out violently with her free leg, catching the man full in the face with her heel. There was a scream of pain and the hand around her ankle let go, as the man staggered backwards, clutching at his nose.
Susan didn’t stop to see what damage she had done. She threw herself through the window, stumbling to her knees on the paving outside. Across the yard, a door was thrown open and an outside light suddenly illuminated everything in stark black and white shadow. Millie was going flat out and just about to round the corner of the building. Susan staggered up off her knees and broke into a run, following her. Across the yard, two men burst through the open door, both half dressed, rushing towards the annexe. Susan veered away from them at full speed and sprinted for the open end of the courtyard and the dark shapes of the trees that could be seen beyond.
“That way! That way!” a voice shouted from the open window behind her, but the two men had seen her anyway and were bearing down on her.
As she turned the corner of the building, Susan could see Millie thirty or forty yards ahead, running down the gravel track towards the road. 
“The trees! Into the trees!” Susan shouted, but Millie couldn’t hear her.
The sound of boots on gravel behind her warned just how close the two men were, before her legs were suddenly kicked out from under her and she fell headlong, gravel embedding itself into her outstretched hands and elbows as she tried to break her fall . One of the men ran past her as the other stopped, panting heavily. A heavy boot thudded into her ribs and as she tried to roll away to protect herself, the man threw himself on top of her and pinned her to the ground, one hand around her throat.
“Get the girl.” He shouted, as a third and fourth man arrived, one holding a shotgun and the other pressing a bloody handkerchief to his face.
Susan was dragged to her feet, her captor holding her tightly with one wrist pinned behind her back and her head jerked backwards where he’d taken a fistful of her hair. The man with the handkerchief stepped forward and lashed out, kicking her fiercely in the groin. Her knees buckled and her stomach heaved, but she was prevented from falling by the grip from behind and the force of a second blow, as the man with the handkerchief hit her again, this time with the side of his hand. Susan could taste the blood as her teeth bit into the inside of her lip, and she twisted and struggled to get away from the next one.
“That’ll do,” a harsh voice instructed and the older man with grey hair, who carried the shotgun, put a hand on the man’s arm to prevent a second blow.
“The bitch has broken my nose.” 
“Good,” the older man replied. “It’ll save us doing it. You’re bloody useless. If the alarm hadn’t gone off you’d still be tucked up in bed wouldn’t you?”
“It’s not my fault Mr Walker.” 
“What!” the man holding Susan exclaimed in disbelief.
“’What!’ is right!” the older man growled. He glared at Susan’s assailant, and swung his shotgun to point directly at him. “Not content just to let them get away then? You want to give them names as well. Maybe you’d like to give them addresses and telephone numbers, before you arrange a taxi to take them to the nearest police station?”
The man with the handkerchief opened his mouth as if to say something, then thought better of it and looked down at the ground, as he continued to mop the trickle of blood that still ran from his nose.
“O.k. Back to the house,” Walker ordered. “You too Quinn.”
“Hey, now wait a minute,” Quinn objected.
“Just so everyone knows that we’re in this together, let’s have some introductions.” Walker turned to Susan. “Mrs Turner – Liam Quinn. He turned to the man with the handkerchief. “The idiot who let you go this evening is Gary Clarke and the man coming back with your daughter is Tony Bryant.”
Further down the gravel track, Bryant had caught up with Millie and was leading her back towards the group. Millie was sobbing quietly and had a bright red mark across her left cheek.
“What have you done to her?” Susan cried, lurching away from Quinn.
Bryant just shrugged and turned to Walker. “She was kicking and biting, so I slapped her a couple of times to calm her down.”
Susan continued to struggle in Quinn’s grasp. 
“You’ll get the same if you don’t behave,” he said tightening his grip on her arm and hair.
“O.k…..o.k.” Susan relaxed and Quinn eased off the pressure on her arm, so that it didn’t feel as if it were about to break.
Walker turned to Quinn. “Put them in the cellar and get Bryant to stand guard. Then come and see me. We need to decide what to do.”
Turning on his heel, Walker tucked the shotgun under his arm and walked calmly back to the house. Quinn, Bryant and Clarke followed, holding Susan and Millie between them until they reached the annexe.
Once inside, the two were led into the sitting room from which they had so nearly escaped. Clarke picked up the curtain and curtain rail, which lay on the floor, pushed a chair out of the way and rolled back the square of threadbare carpet that covered the floor. Beneath it, a solid trapdoor was set into the floorboards, with a countersunk steel ring at one end. Clarke bent down, hooked a finger under the ring to lift it and Susan was satisfied to see a drop of bright red blood drip onto the boards beside his hand.
“Bugger it!” Clarke swore and pressed the handkerchief to his nose again with his left hand, whilst he raised the trapdoor with his right.
Quinn let go of Susan’s arm and put a hand between her shoulder blades. “Get down.”
A flight of wooden steps led down into the darkness and Susan went down carefully, until she stood on a rough concrete floor at the bottom. Millie followed her and Clarke let go of the trapdoor, letting it slam shut above them to leave them in total blackness. A moment later it was lifted again and Quinn’s head appeared in the opening.
“There’s a light switch to your left.”
Susan looked to where he had pointed and saw the switch. “Thanks,” she said and walked over to turn it on. The trapdoor closed with a bang once more and they heard the sound of a heavy piece of furniture being manhandled above, so that it stood directly over it. Millie had stopped crying, but was trembling violently. Susan put an arm round her and gave her a hug.
“Well, that didn’t turn out very well did it?” she said, matter of factly. “Are you hurt?”
“N.no, n.not really,” Millie stammered. “That man hit me, but I’m o.k.”
Susan sat down on the steps and turned Millie’s face to the light. The red mark across her cheek was fading and it didn’t look as if she was seriously hurt. The same was probably true for herself. She was sore, where Clarke had kicked her and her lip was cut, but nothing that wouldn’t sort itself out in a matter of days. 
Millie sat beside her and they surveyed their new surroundings. The cellar was small; about ten feet by fifteen, with an alcove at one end. It looked like it corresponded in size to the room above, with the alcove lying under the kitchen area. The walls, which would have been white at one time, were a dirty grey colour, with paint peeling off the woodwork and everything covered with dust and cobwebs. There was nothing at all in the cellar apart from a large chest freezer, which stood against one wall, a length of electric cable hanging over the top of it with no plug on the end. 
Susan felt her emotions welling up inside her and she got up quickly, turning away from her daughter, so that she wouldn’t see. She went to look in the alcove to give her the moment or two she needed to pull herself together and by the time she turned round, she had her feelings under control.
“Well Millie, there’s nothing down here, so I suppose ‘I spy’ is going to be out of the question. We’ll just have to make ourselves comfortable and wait to see what happens next.”

In the room above, Bryant had managed to get the curtain rail back onto its plastic clips above the window and he was sitting in one of the armchairs scowling. He’d been asleep when the alarm had gone off and he was still only half dressed. Clarke had disappeared to the main house and it felt as if he’d been left to look after the mess he’d left behind.
Ten minutes later the outside door banged and Clarke came in with a bundle of clothes and a mug of tea.
“Brought your clothes over,” he said, dropping them onto the bed and taking the other seat. “I’ve to come and keep you company.”
“Where’s my tea then?” Bryant asked, still scowling.
“You can make your own can’t you. There’s stuff in the kitchen.” Clarke nodded towards the other room.
Bryant stood up and started to put the rest of his clothes on.
“How many sugars?” Bryant asked.
“What?”
“How many sugars do you take in your tea?”
“One, why?”
Bryant leant over and took hold of Clarke’s swollen nose between his thumb and forefinger. “Hand it over then Gary.”
“Piss off,” Clarke said, screwing up his face.
Bryant squeezed.
“Shit……..Shit!.....Here take it.” Clarke handed the mug over and Bryant let go.
Bryant took a drink and then continued to dress. “Least you can do, seen as you’ve got us all up in the middle of the night.”
Clarke glared at him, but knew that he was no match for Bryant, even without a smashed nose. 

In the main house Walker and Quinn were fully dressed and sitting at the kitchen table. The other two sat opposite – Ronnie Dunn, looking as usual as if he were dressed for the office and Spencer, looking decidedly the worse for wear.
“Wouldn’t have happened if I’d been over there,” Spencer muttered.
Quinn snorted. “Come off it, you’d have been asleep just the same as Clarke was.”
“Yeah? Well at least I wouldn’t have got my nose broken by some eight stone female and then started blabbing everyone’s names about.”
“Actually it wasn’t him that was blabbing everyone else’s names,” Quinn said, glaring at Walker.
Walker glared back at him. “You mind what you’re saying Liam. I’m in charge around here and you’d do well not to forget it. Anyway, it doesn’t matter now. We’ll need to get rid of both of them.”
“What do you mean?” Spencer asked, looking worried.
“Don’t be stupid,” Quinn snarled angrily. “You know bloody well what he means. They’ve both seen enough to point the law directly to us and that means we can’t let them go.”
Spencer looked at Dunn for some sort of reaction, but Dunn just turned away, a blank expression on his face.
ELEVEN


It was 10.30 p.m. on Monday night. Jim stood by the French windows in Stephen and Marion’s living room, his mobile phone pressed against one ear. It was good to hear Archie’s voice. He suddenly realised how much he needed a second opinion. So much had happened since they’d spoken earlier, that he didn’t know where to begin.
“I presume you’re free to speak?” Archie asked from the other end.
Jim was about to reply automatically that he was, when the meaning of the words sank in. That was his own phrase – used to check if the phone lines were being monitored when he called Archie at the office. The truth was that by now there could well be someone listening in to them.
“Actually Archie, if it’s o.k. with you, can I phone you back in ten minutes?”
“No problem,” Archie agreed. “It’ll give me time to get myself a cup of something and get my quiche out of the oven. I’ll speak to you shortly.”
Jim thumbed the disconnect button and put the phone away. If he was running an operation like this, they would be monitoring phone calls, so it was only sensible to assume that there was someone, somewhere, plugged into a headset, listening to every word that they said. There was a public phone box a mile down the road. He’d play it safe and phone Archie from there. It would take two minutes in the car. He hurried upstairs to tell Stephen what he was doing, collected Wolf for company and picked up his car keys.
It was a clear night and the moon was full. There were hardly any cars on the road and the streets were well lit and deserted. If he was under surveillance, there certainly wasn’t any sign of it.
The old red telephone box stood on a corner outside the local post office and when Jim got there it was empty. He drew up alongside and left Wolf in the car, from where he watched curiously through the side window, hopeful that they might end up somewhere interesting.
Archie answered after a couple of rings.
“Hi Archie, it’s me. Sorry about that, I’m probably being over cautious, but I thought it would be sensible to take precautions. What about the line at your end?”
“Pretty sure it’s clear,” Archie replied. “Are you on a payphone?”
“Yes,” Jim confirmed. “The trouble with a mobile is that you never know who might be picking up the signal and to be honest, my in-law’s phone ought to have a tap on it by now, or someone isn’t doing their job properly.”
“I agree,” Archie said. “Better safe than sorry. Anyway, tell me what’s been happening and then I’ll let you know what I’ve found out at my end.”
Jim paused for a moment to get things straight in his own mind and then started at the beginning, going over the day’s events in order from the time they’d last spoken. There was a lot to relate:- how he had broken into O’Hara’s hotel room and found the pictures: the kidnappers’ phone call to Stephen and Marion: the fact that they wanted the box of electronics that the company was working on: the arrival by courier of the revolver and the tracking devices from Archie himself.
“By the way,” Jim said, interrupting himself, “I need to know how I get the information from the GPS units once I’ve switched them on.”
“No problem,” Archie replied. “It’s very straightforward. You can get it over a normal internet connection if you have the right serial numbers and a couple of passwords. If you’ve got a pen and a piece of paper I’ll give you the details.”
“That’s good,” Jim said. “I was worried that we’d have to rely on you for the information and I didn’t want to drag you any further into this.”
“Too late,” Archie laughed. “You won’t believe this, but we’ve got a team working on your case already and since this afternoon yours truly has been on it.”
“You can’t be,” Jim said in disbelief.
“You’d better believe it. In fact what’s more, it’s so high priority that Clive Armstrong has taken charge of the operation himself.”
Jim let the thought sink in.
“Anyway,” Archie continued. “I can explain all that when you’ve finished. What happened after the package arrived?”
Jim continued with his summary:- How he had waited at the hotel for O’Hara and confronted him when he went to his room. How he in turn had been ambushed by O’Hara’s partner, Charlie Trent. Going over the events reminded him of the lump on his head and he gingerly felt to see if the swelling was going down. It was, but he still winced as his fingers touched the tender area above his left ear.
“So then what?” Archie prompted as Jim paused in his explanation.
“Sorry,” Jim replied. “I was just seeing if the lump on my head was any smaller.”
He carried on from where he’d left off:- going over O’Hara’s explanation of things, his introduction to Trent, who claimed to be working for MI5 and how Stephen had arranged for a copy to be made of the K2 processor unit.
When he stopped, Jim could hear Archie whistle quietly to himself.
“God Jim, I thought a lot had happened to me today. You’re certainly a lot further on with this than you were this morning.”
“So what are your thoughts? Jim asked.
He could hear Archie tapping the phone thoughtfully before he replied.
“Listen Jim. I’m in a bit of a tricky situation with all of this. Like I said, Armstrong has put me on the case and he’s made it pretty clear that officially I’m not even supposed to be speaking to you. Having said that, he also said to me off the record, that he assumed I would and I’m sure that’s why he wanted me on the team in the first place. Anyway, what it comes down to is that if things go pear-shaped for MI5 on this one, Armstrong’s job is on the line and so is mine.”
Jim frowned to himself. “You know me Archie. I wouldn’t do anything to screw things up for you, but if it comes to the crunch, you know I’ve got no option but to think of Susan and Millie.”
Archie sighed. “I know that. Don’t get me wrong, I want to help as much as I can. Just bear in mind that you need to take care with any information that I give you.”
Jim crossed his fingers as he said that he would. It was a bloody silly habit, particularly as he wasn’t that superstitious. He just hoped to God that he wouldn’t find himself in a situation where he had to compromise Archie for the sake of his wife and daughter.
“Well here goes then,” Archie said. “The first thing that’s wrong with O’Hara’s version is that he doesn’t work for the Irish Intelligence Service and never has done. What I said this morning is absolutely true. He’s part of the IRA and as far as I can tell, it’s likely he had a hand in at least one or two bombings back in the 1980s.”
Jim swore softly. “So what about Trent? Is he really MI5 or not?”
“Strangely enough he is,” Archie confirmed. “I know it’s hard to believe, but it seems we’re actually working with the IRA on this one and it’s all had official approval.”
“You’re not kidding it’s hard to believe,” Jim said as he watched a car drive past. He had too many bad memories of the IRA from his past. The fact that MI5 were sanctioning joint operations with them wasn’t an easy pill to swallow.
“Well you can take it from me that we are,” Archie continued. “This is the first one. Authority for it had to come right down the line from ministerial level. The whole thing is classified and if the details leak, then the press are going to have a field day. Armstrong thinks that if it went public, a number of ministers jobs would be at risk and it could even affect the cabinet.”
“It wouldn’t do the situation in Northern Ireland much good either,” Jim commented. “Particularly with the current relationship between Sinn Fein and the Ulster Unionists.”
“No, exactly,” Archie agreed. “Anyway, that’s only part of the story. The other thing that’s wrong with O’Hara’s version of events is that there’s no Dublin businessman. The man that Walker and Quinn blackmailed when they managed to get hold of the detector unit is based in Northern Ireland, not Southern Ireland and as well as his business interests, he’s a major player in devolved government.”
“Who?” Jim asked.
“No offence Jim, but I’m going to keep that information to myself. I don’t think it will put you at any disadvantage if you don’t know and at least I can truthfully say that I only passed on details that were relevant.”
“Fair enough,” Jim replied calmly. “I’d do the same in your position. I don’t want you to go out on a limb if you can help it Archie. You know I appreciate you giving me what you can.”
Archie sounded relieved that Jim wasn’t going to press him.
“Is there anything else that you can tell me?” Jim asked.
“Just one thing,” Archie said. “We’ve got a man in hospital with gunshot wounds. One of our field guys shot him earlier this evening, because he had a rifle pointed at him and was about to pull the trigger.”
Archie paused for a moment whilst he swallowed a piece of quiche and then described the events at the motorway service station, as he’d heard them from the field agents.
“So you don’t know who he is?” Jim asked.
“Not yet. He’s still unconscious. He had nothing on him apart from a rifle and the clothes he stood up in.”
“So why do you think he’s IRA? Why not one of Walker’s men, or part of the Arab outfit, come to that?”
“Doesn’t fit,” Archie replied chewing another piece of quiche. “In theory, he could have been one of Walker’s, put there to cover the meet and make sure there was no funny business, but I don’t think so. Walker had his minders with him and they all left in one car. Anyway, we think this was only a meeting and not an exchange. There were no signs of anyone on the other side, apart from Musa.”
“You can’t rule it out though,” Jim said.
“True,” Archie agreed. “Or that he might be part of some other group entirely, but it looks to me as if he was out to put someone away.”
“Walker and Quinn?”
“That’s what I think,” Archie agreed.
“Is this Irish political figure a member of Sinn Fein by any chance?” Jim asked.
“Could be,” Archie said non-committally.
Jim swore under his breath as the penny dropped. “So Walker and Quinn have dug up some dirt on a high ranking Sinn Fein politician and using that, they’ve managed to get the K2 detector unit. Now Sinn Fein have got the IRA helping MI5 to try and recover it, but at the same time, they need to make sure that they silence Walker and Quinn before whatever they’ve got on Sinn Fein goes public.”
“Maybe,” Archie agreed. “And if that’s the case, they’re not going to worry too much if you or your family get in the way. In fact, it would probably be a nice little bonus for them if they could settle an old score with you at the same time.”
Jim let the implications sink in. It certainly wasn’t the best turn of events. 
At the other end of the phone he could hear Archie being interrupted by Harriet coming in and asking who he was speaking to.
“Listen Jim. That’s Harriet back. I’ve given you all that I can just now. Why don’t you phone me tomorrow and we’ll keep each other posted on what’s happening.”
“Good idea. Say hi to Harriet for me and I’ll speak to you tomorrow.”
He was about to put the phone down, but Archie shouted from the other end.
“Jim! Jim! Hang on a minute. I need to give you the codes so that you can access the information from the GPS units. Have you got something to write on?”
Jim didn’t, but it only took a minute to get a pen and paper from the car. Wolf tried to force his way out of the door to see if he could sniff around outside and there was a brief struggle while he pushed him back in again. Wolf looked accusingly at him as he went back to the phone box, then jumped over the seat and went back to his previous position in the back of the car, resting his nose against the window, slowly steaming it up, while he watched what Jim was doing.
It only took a moment to jot down the details that Archie gave him and then Jim was back in the car, trying to fend off Wolf, who had climbed over to the passenger seat and was insisting that Jim made a fuss of him, before he would let him drive off.
Jim checked his watch on the way back. He’d been gone for less than half an hour, but he could imagine Stephen and Marion waiting up, anxious to know what Archie had told him.
As they approached the house, everything was quiet. After what Archie had said, Jim was certain it would be under surveillance, but if that was so, there was still no trace of it. He swung the car into the gravel driveway and parked in his previous spot. The lights were on in the house and someone had switched on the outside light, so that he could see his way up the path. Jim opened the back of the car and Wolf jumped out, paused to look back at the gate and then ran ahead to the front door, waiting to be let in. 
Stephen must have heard the car, because he opened the door as Jim got there.
“Everything alright?” He was dressed in his pyjamas and dressing gown and Wolf stopped to greet him, before trotting into the kitchen to see if he had missed anything interesting while they’d been away.
“I hope so.” Jim nodded. He was still digesting the information that Archie had given him, but he couldn’t see that it changed anything.
Stephen locked the door and threw the bolt at the top. “Marion’s in bed reading. Why don’t you come up and tell us what your friend had to say?”
Jim nodded and after waiting for Stephen to switch off the lights, the pair climbed the stairs and joined Marion in the bedroom.
Stephen and Marion listened silently as Jim told them what Archie had said. Marion looked shocked, but if Stephen was he didn’t show it. He seemed to be taking it in his stride. It was he who said that the news shouldn’t make them change their plans and Jim had to agree. They sat there talking for a while and then Jim left them and went back to his own room, taking Wolf with him. It had been a long day and he was glad to turn in. It wasn’t long before he was lying in the darkness with one arm around Wolf, who insisted on keeping him company as he had the night before.

It had seemed to Jim that he would never get to sleep, but he must have drifted off eventually, because he was woken at 7.00 a.m. by the alarm and Wolf jumping off the bed, where it seemed he had spent the whole night. Jim lay staring at the ceiling for a few minutes and then sat up. He could hear Stephen and Marion moving about downstairs. In fact, if he wasn’t mistaken, he could hear the sound of someone on the stairs. A moment later, there was a knock on the bedroom door and in response to his shouted “Come in.” Stephen appeared with a mug of tea.
“Thought you might like some tea,” he said, putting the mug down on the bedside cabinet. “I’ve to tell you to take your time, but Marion wants to know if you’d like bacon and eggs?”
“Yes please. That would be lovely. How long have you been up and about?”
“Oh ages. Couldn’t sleep. We were awake most of the night talking, so when it got light, we thought we might as well get up. Marion’s been ironing and I’ve been working on the phone number that we got from the kidnappers.”
“Is Marion alright?” Jim asked, feeling guilty that he was still in bed and had slept without too much trouble.
Stephen nodded. “She will be. The situation is starting to get to her I think. It’s easier when she’s doing something. It takes her mind off what might be happening to Susan and Millie.”
Jim took a sip of tea. “Well at least we know a lot more than we did yesterday. Maybe we can start to do something about it. Have you managed to get anywhere with the phone number?”
“Not yet, but I’m sure that I can. I need to work on getting access to more information from the telephone networks. Once I’ve done that, I’m hoping it will lead to something useful.”
“Nothing as useful as information on where they are though?” Jim said.
“Oh, I haven’t ruled that out yet,” Stephen replied. “You’d be surprised what you can do with a few telephone numbers and the information that’s held on a telephone company’s computer. The only trouble is that hacking into those computers isn’t exactly legal.”
Jim shrugged. “That’s probably the least of our worries. If anyone finds out and kicks up a fuss, MI5 will put a lid on it quicker than you can imagine.”
“Well I still feel guilty about breaking the law. I should know if I’ve got anything later today.”
Stephen bent down to stroke Wolf, who was looking at him expectantly, then as if he could read the dog’s mind, he opened the door so that he could squeeze through.
Jim laughed. “I know where he’s going.”
“The kitchen,” Stephen said with a smile, as he followed him out. “He can smell cooking. You’d better get dressed and come down; otherwise he’ll have persuaded Marion to give him half of your bacon.”
As the door shut, Jim swung his legs out of bed and reached for his clothes. At least Wolf didn’t change. He could always rely on him to put his stomach before anything else.
Over breakfast the three of them had a chance to go over things once more and make some decisions. Jim still had the second GPS tracker that Archie had sent him and they agreed that after breakfast, he and Stephen should check that they could pick up the signal from it, using the internet address and passwords that Archie had supplied. After that, the two would go into the office and check that Mark had finished the fake K2 processor. The company’s supplier was usually reliable and the parts should have arrived by now. Urgent orders came by overnight courier and the security staff would sign for deliveries that arrived before 9.00 a.m. Marion had agreed to stay at home in case the kidnappers called early. They didn’t want to aggravate them unnecessarily, or make it seem that they were stalling for time. Stephen was worried about leaving her alone, but she insisted that she’d be fine. After all, she said, it would make her feel she was doing something useful and there were undoubtedly MI5 agents watching the house, so she shouldn’t be in any danger.
While they were eating, the radio played quietly in the background and Stephen suddenly held up a hand.
“Quiet a minute. That’s the news coming on. Let’s see if there’s anything about the shooting that Archie Long told you about.”
There were a couple of predictable reports about the prime minister’s latest diplomatic visit and something about underfunding in the NHS and then the newsreader introduced the subject they were waiting for.

“Two men are being held in police custody this morning after a shooting incident at a motorway service station north of London. The incident, which took place in the car park of the Eastgate Services at approximately 7.45 p.m. yesterday evening is understood to be drugs related. One man, who suffered a single gunshot wound to the chest is said to be in a serious but stable condition in a London hospital, whilst another man, who was arrested at the scene and is believed to be his attacker, is being questioned at Paddington Green police station. A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said that it is too early to comment further on the reasons behind the shooting. However, they do expect to make further arrests once the injured man regains consciousness. We also understand that a significant quantity of drugs was recovered at the scene.”

The newsreader moved on to the next report and Stephen turned to Jim. “Well, that’s a different version of events.”
Jim nodded. “Just what I’d expect. When you’ve worked for the Service you realise you can’t put too much faith in what you hear on the news – or what’s in the papers, come to that.”
“But that’s awful,” Marion protested.
“Not really,” Jim said, defending them. “If I were in Walker and Quinn’s position, I’d be pretty worried about what happened yesterday. The last thing the authorities want to do is to give out the real reasons behind the shooting.”
Marion scowled. “Isn’t it awful to think of those men listening to the same news bulletin that we are?”
“Yes, it is,” Stephen agreed. “If they do hear it I hope they are worried. The more worried the better.” He glanced at Jim. “Do you think they’ll believe that?”
“Maybe not,” Jim said. “No matter what they believe, it’s going to make them more cautious and that will make the job of finding them even more difficult.”
Jim mopped up the last of his tomatoes with a piece of toast and put his knife and fork together on the plate. “Marion, that was delicious.”
Marion managed to raise a smile and took the plate from him. “You two go on up to the study and sort out what you need to. I’ll tidy up and do the dishes.”

Getting the information from the GPS tracker unit proved to be much easier than either of them expected. The system worked from an ordinary internet site, which Stephen could access directly from his PC. The passwords to get any further were awkward, being made up of a random string of numbers and letters, both capitals and lower case, but once they had fed them in, the process was straightforward. The site requested the serial number of the tracking device and then a second password which was specific to that unit. There was a moment or two of inactivity whilst the computer at the other end worked to process the information and then once it was satisfied, the display changed to a table of dates and numbers.
It took them a minute or two to make sense of the display, but they quickly realised that it showed a column of dates and times, with a grid reference against each. Clicking on any grid reference brought up a map which pinpointed that location, whilst clicking on the time brought up a short sub menu. After a little trial and error, they realised that they could change the settings on the system and request that the location of the tracker unit was updated either more, or less frequently.
One of the GPS tracker units was with Mark Brennan, but Jim had unwrapped the other and placed it on the corner of Stephen’s desk.
“Switch it on then,” Stephen said.
Jim picked up the unit and flicked the switch at one end of the tube. Nothing happened. The last line of the display on Stephen’s screen still read ‘Device Inactive’.
Jim switched the unit off again, waited for a moment or two and then switched it back on. Still nothing. 
“Damn and blast! The bloody thing’s not working. I hope to God the other one is.”
“Hang on a minute,” Stephen said. “Maybe this is the other one.” He reached for the slip of paper with the passwords on and typed the code for the other tracker unit into the computer. Another table appeared on the screen and this time the last entry had the current time against it. Stephen clicked on it with his mouse and the table was replaced by a map of Ringwood with their house pinpointed by a small red cross, right in the middle.
“Success!” Stephen proclaimed. “Switch it off to make sure.”
Jim flicked the switch off but nothing happened. He looked at Stephen enquiringly.
“Time delay,” Stephen said. “Give it a minute.”
Sure enough, a moment later the last line of the table updated with a new time check and the message ‘Device Inactive’.
After a little experimentation it was clear that the small tube was working properly and it was only because its position was displayed at thirty second intervals that there was a delay between switching it on and off and the computer screen updating.
Having satisfied themselves that they knew how to use it, Stephen handed the unit back to Jim and leant forwards to switch off the P.C.
“O.k. let’s go and see Mark.”
Jim put the tube back in his pocket and they went downstairs to let Marion know they were leaving.

They got to the office just after eight fifteen and weren’t surprised to find that Mark Brennan was already there. He was in the work area on the ground floor, where he’d claimed one of the benches and was surrounded by electronics.
“Morning Mark,” Stephen said as they approached. “How’s it going?”
Mark looked up from a piece that he was soldering and propped the soldering iron out of the way at the back of the bench. 
“Morning,” he replied. “It’s good. The parts we needed were in first thing this morning and I’m just putting it all together. Shouldn’t take more than half an hour and then I can check it’s working. What about you two? How are you bearing up?”
Jim hadn’t thought about it until then. He was certainly worried, but the situation hadn’t got to him yet. Probably because there had been so much going on, or maybe because he used to do this for a living. In a sense, it seemed unreal, almost as if it was happening to someone else and not to him. Jim glanced at his father-in-law, who by contrast was showing the strain. He hadn’t slept last night and he was looking tired and drawn. Despite what he was feeling, Stephen shrugged off any concerns.
“Oh, Jim and I are o.k. I just hope the same can be said for Susan and Millie.”
Mark obviously felt for both of them and appeared to be at a loss for something to say. Stephen smiled and put a friendly hand on his shoulder.
“Thanks for putting all this together. Can we give you a hand, or make ourselves useful?”
“No, not really. I’ll be quicker doing it myself. Mind you, I wouldn’t say no to a cup of coffee if anyone is offering.”
Stephen turned to Jim. “I don’t suppose you’d sort out the coffee would you? I want to make a couple of phone calls and check through our files for the telecoms contracts that we did last year.”
Jim nodded. “I’ll get us all one, I’ll bring yours up for you.”
“That’s good of you.” 
Stephen hurried off in the direction of his office.
Mark grinned apologetically at Jim. “I’ll have a couple of biscuits too, if there’s any left.”
As it turned out there weren’t, but Jim did find a loaf of bread and a lingering smell of fresh toast. Somebody else was apparently supplementing their breakfast and Jim was sure they wouldn’t miss a couple of slices.
Having taken Stephen’s coffee upstairs, he came back down, collected Mark’s, his own, plus three slices of toast and went to see if Mark was making progress.
“No biscuits I’m afraid, but I’ve I made you some toast.”
Mark looked up from the job. “Even better. Put it over there and I’ll get it in a minute.”
The components on the bench had disappeared rather quickly and there were hardly any left. Mark was having difficulty getting one piece to fit, but then there was a satisfying click and he put the unit to one side and reached for his coffee.
“Had to take the thing apart again to get the new bits in,” he explained. “Good toast by the way. Helen will have your guts if she finds out though. She was moaning last week about people helping themselves to her bread without asking.”
Jim laughed. “How do you know I didn’t ask?”
“Well you’ll be o.k. then.” Mark smiled.
Jim picked up the plate and put it out of sight on the shelf beneath the bench. “Better safe than sorry. Wouldn’t want us to get caught red handed with the evidence still uneaten.”
Some people would find it strange that they could joke at a time like this. Maybe it was a defence mechanism that cushioned them against the harsh realities of the kidnapping.
Mark didn’t need much longer to finish. Jim stayed to help, but there wasn’t a lot to do, other than watch and hand things to Mark as they were needed. It didn’t take long to test the unit either. Mark had had it working the night before and simply needed to change the display and three of the input sockets for the type that had been used on the original.
“That’s it,” Mark confirmed, as he unplugged the unit from the multi-meter and the oscilloscope that he’d been testing it with. “Now all we need is the glue.”
“What glue?” Jim asked.
“This stuff.” Mark leant over and produced a tube of glue from his briefcase. “I want to glue the screws in so that it’s not possible to take the casing off. This might look like the real thing from the outside, but the inside looks nothing like it – especially with that tracking device at one end.”
Jim picked up the unit from the bench. “There’s just one thing before you do that. We need to check the tracking unit works.”
Taking a screwdriver from the bench, he carefully inserted the blade through the grill at the back of the casing, felt for the switch on the end of the GPS tube and flicked it to the on position. There was a computer terminal on the desk behind them and it only took a moment to start it up and to find the website that they’d used earlier. Jim fed in the passwords and the serial number from the piece of paper that he had in his wallet and they got the now familiar table showing a grid reference and then the map which pinpointed their location.
“Hey. That’s some system,” Mark said, obviously impressed.
“Clever, but simple,” Jim agreed. “Stephen’s laptop connects to the internet through his mobile phone, so we’re going to use that to check on this thing once we’ve handed it over.”
Another five minutes were all that was needed to finish the thing off. Mark undid the eight screws that held the unit’s case in place, added a couple of drops of glue to each and then tightened them once more.
“All done,” Mark pronounced himself satisfied and handed the small box to Jim.
The work area was getting busier as people arrived for work and Mark lowered his voice slightly so that he couldn’t be overheard.
“What else can I help with?”
“I don’t know that there is anything.” 
“Come off it. There must be. You and Stephen can’t deal with all this on your own you know. Who’s at home with Marion?”
“No one,” Jim conceded.
“There you are then. That shows you could use someone else, even if it’s only to give Marion some moral support while the two of you aren’t there.”
Jim knew Mark was right. His help would be useful.
“O.k. Thanks. Let’s go and tell Stephen that we’ve finished and see what he’s doing.”
Stephen was still in his office, working on the computer and adding to the already lengthy notes on his pad. Jim put the fake K2 unit down on his desk next to the half empty cup of coffee.
“That’s it” he said in response to an enquiring look from Stephen. “How about you. Are you getting anywhere?”
Stephen sighed. “Not yet. I’ve hit a snag and it’s taking longer than I thought.”
“Need any help?” Mark asked, peering over his shoulder to see what he was doing.
“Well you probably could help,” Stephen agreed reluctantly. “But the problem is that what I’m trying to do isn’t legal.”
“Neither is kidnapping,” Mark replied.
Jim moved behind Stephen, so that he could see what they were both looking at, but the information on the screen meant nothing to him.
“Mark was saying he would like to do more to help,” Jim explained.
“Even if it means breaking the law Mark?” Stephen asked, in a tone which made it clear that he didn’t want to involve him in anything illegal.
“Absolutely,” Mark agreed, without a trace of hesitation.
Stephen hesitated himself for a moment. “In that case, we gratefully accept. Pull up a chair and tell me what you think of this.”
Jim knew that when Stephen and Mark were working on something technical, it was usually way beyond anything that he could understand, never mind help with. He glanced at the clock. It was still only 9.25 a.m. If he left them to get on with it, he could be back at the house by 10.00 a.m. in time to deal with the phone call expected from the kidnappers.
Stephen agreed to the suggestion. Although they had planned to be back in time, he agreed that it was sensible for him to stay. The main thing was for someone to be there so that Marion didn’t have to deal with it.
Mark offered to drive Stephen back once they were finished, so Jim took the car keys, promised to give them a ring when there was anything to report and left them to it.
TWELVE


Susan and Millie sat on the steps in the cellar for what seemed like an eternity. After exhausting the subject of their failed escape, they settled for sitting there in silence, huddled together, with Susan’s arm wrapped protectively around her daughter’s shoulders.
Millie had cried quietly to herself for a while, but had managed to pull herself together when a single tear rolled down Susan’s cheek and she realised that her own reaction was adding to her mother’s worries.
Throughout the night there were regular comings and goings above them and they could hear muffled conversations through the floor. Susan climbed to the top of the steps and pressed an ear to the hatch, but it was no good, she couldn’t make out what anyone was saying.
At one point they could hear the sound of hammering from the other room and someone using an electric drill and then everything went quiet. Susan hoped that it was a good sign. She guessed that they might be doing something about the damage she had done to the ceiling in their bathroom. If that was the case, it could mean they weren’t going to leave them down here after all.
Eventually there were footsteps above, followed by a loud scraping noise as a piece of furniture was pushed to one side. The ring set into the wood gave a metallic squeak and then the trapdoor lifted, sending a shower of dust particles down upon them, sparkling briefly in the daylight that flooded in.
The Irishman that had been introduced as Quinn stood at the top of the steps. 
“Right then. Out you come.”
Susan took Millie by the hand and the two of them climbed the steps, unsure what to expect when they got to the top.
There were three men in the room, all without masks and Susan recognised each of them from the night before. There was Quinn, who was obviously in charge, Bryant, who grinned evilly at her and Clarke, whose nose was black and blue and looked like it was broken . Susan consciously kept away from Clarke, who looked as if he would take great pleasure in taking some sort of revenge.
“Through there,” Quinn ordered, pointing to the small hallway and the open door beyond, which led to their original prison.
Susan obediently walked through and stood in the middle of the room, waiting for the door to close behind them. Instead, Quinn and the other two followed. The room looked the same. The same coffee table with old magazines on it, the same settee with torn covers standing by the window, the same smell of dampness. Then Susan noticed the light. Even though it was daylight, the light had been switched on and someone had replaced the switch by the door with a blanking plate, so that it couldn’t be switched off. 
“Sit down,” Quinn instructed, pushing her towards the bed.
It was then that Susan noticed the other change. Next to the bed was a length of chain, secured at one end to a metal ring that had been screwed to the wall. Quinn threw a padlock to Clarke.
“Make sure she can’t get loose,” he said.
Clarke knelt beside her and grabbed her ankle, twisting it roughly so that he could wrap the chain around it. Now that he was closer, Susan could see the extent of his injury. Clarke’s nose was definitely broken, probably in more than one place and he was making a strange wheezing noise as he breathed through his mouth and coped with the swelling, which must be affecting his sinuses.
“Sit still,” Clarke snapped, pulling the chain as tight as he could around her ankle.
Thankfully, he couldn’t get the padlock on where he wanted it and he had to slacken the chain slightly, so he could put it through the next link. It was just as well, Susan thought, otherwise it would have cut off her circulation completely.
Quinn stepped forward and checked that she couldn’t work herself free.
“That’ll do.” He looked calmly at Susan and Millie sitting on the bed and then reached inside his jacket, producing the automatic pistol for them both to see.
“You know what this is?” he asked.
Susan nodded.
“Each of us has one,” he continued. “If either of you tries to escape, we’ve got instructions to use them. Do you understand?”
Susan nodded again. “Yes. We won’t give you any trouble.”
Quinn put the gun away, turned on his heel and walked out, Clarke and Bryant following behind. The door slammed shut behind them, it was locked and the bolts thrown at the top and the bottom.
Millie had started to cry again and Susan pulled her close, trying to reassure her.
“Don’t worry darling, we’ll be alright, you’ll see. Daddy will get us out. At least it’s better in here than being in that cellar.”
Millie nodded and after a minute or two she stopped crying and squeezed Susan’s hand.
“Will you do something for me?” Susan asked.
Millie nodded.
“Will you look in the bathroom and see what they’ve done about the hole in the ceiling?”
Millie nodded again and walked cautiously towards the bathroom, as if she didn’t really want to leave her mother’s side. She put her head round the bathroom door without going in and shouted back.
“There’s some wood nailed over it.”
“Is the light on?” Susan asked.
“Yes.”
“Can you turn it off?”
“No. The switch has gone.”
“What about the toilet?” Susan asked. “Is the handle back on?”
Millie disappeared into the bathroom and Susan heard the noise of the toilet being flushed, before she ran back to join her on the bed.”
“They’ve put the handle back,” she said.
Susan didn’t know why she needed to know. Maybe she was starting to become irrational. She couldn’t go to the bathroom anyway, since she was chained to the wall. She got to her feet and took a couple of steps to see how far the chain would let her move. It was about eight feet long. Long enough to let her sit on the bed, or even to lie down, but not long enough for her to reach anything else in the room. Pulling on the chain had no effect at all. The ring it was attached to was on a solid steel plate fixed to the wall with four large screws. On closer inspection, she could see that the top of each screw had been filed down, so that even if she did have anything to unscrew them with, she couldn’t have done so.

Resigned to the fact that she couldn’t do anything about the chain, Susan settled down on the bed. It had crossed her mind, that after last night, their living conditions might be considerably worse, particularly if that man Clarke had anything to do with it. However, apart from the lights and the chain, little else had changed. The radio still stood on the bedside table where she had left it and to her surprise she saw that breakfast had been left for them on a tray by the window.
Millie collected the tray and brought it over to the bed, where they could see what had been provided. Just like the day before, there were two packets of cereal, a flask of tea, fruit juice, butter and marmalade, and a plate of toast. The toast was hard and cold, but was still very welcome.
A hot drink and something to eat made them feel a little better and by the time they had finished, Susan was beginning to look on the bright side and think that their situation could easily have been much worse. She was trying to convince herself that everything would work out, that Jim would pay their ransom and that eventually they’d be released, when her train of thought was interrupted by the noise of someone at the door.
There had been no knock this time. They heard the bolts being pulled back, the key in the lock and then two men stepped into the room. One was dressed smartly in flannel trousers, shirt and tie, with a cigarette hanging from the corner of his mouth, whilst the other wore a pair of faded denim jeans and a T shirt that barely restrained his stomach, which bulged outwards over a broad leather belt. The thing that Susan found the most disturbing was that she hadn’t seen either man before and neither was wearing a mask.
“Finished?” the man in the shirt and tie asked, talking around his cigarette.
“Yes,” Millie replied, staring at them both defiantly.
“Yes thank you, you mean,” Susan corrected her.
Millie turned to her, with an ‘I don’t understand’ expression on her face. Susan shook her head slightly in a gesture which meant don’t worry, I’ll explain later.
The older man grunted and picked up their plates, stacking them on the tray and then turned to leave.
“Excuse me,” Susan said.
“What?” asked the man with the stomach, pausing before closing the door.
“What do I do if I need to use the bathroom?”
“You’ll have to cross your legs, won’t you,” he replied.
His colleague put the tray down on the floor outside and turned back.
“We’ll get you a bucket,” he said, then closed the door and locked it behind him. A minute later the door opened and he lent in, placing a red plastic bucket just inside the room before he closed the door once more. This time they heard the bolts thrown on the other side and the two men talking in a matter of fact way, as they went back to the room opposite.
Millie looked at her mother for an explanation.
Susan smiled at her. “I’m sorry darling. I know those men don’t deserve you being polite to them, but if we do what they say and speak to them nicely, they’re more likely to treat us better than if we’re rude.”
“O.k.” Millie agreed, somewhat reluctantly and wriggled out of Susan’s grasp to go and pick up the bucket.
“Do I have to use it as well?” she asked, putting it down next to the bed.
“No of course not darling. You can use the bathroom.”
Millie looked a little uncertain, as if she couldn’t understand why her mother had been chained up but she hadn’t.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine,” Susan said, making light of the situation. “If I want something and it’s out of reach, you can always get it for me can’t you.”
Susan didn’t like the idea of having to use the bucket, particularly with the video camera pointed directly at her, but she would manage. What worried her more was the fact that neither of the two men who had collected their plates had bothered to hide their face. To her, that seemed to have rather sinister implications.


When the phone did ring it seemed to echo through the whole house. 
Jim had been sitting staring at it for the last five minutes and he jumped to his feet, switched on the tape recorder and picked up the receiver.
“Hello?”
“Reid?” the now recognisable Irish voice asked.
“No. Jim Turner.”
“Do you have what we want?”
Jim glanced at the fake processor unit that he’d brought back with him and which he’d placed carefully on the coffee table.
“Yes, I’ve got it.”
The voice on the other end of the line paused and Jim could hear a hand placed over the mouthpiece while the caller talked to someone else.
“That’s good. Now get a pen. I’ve got some instructions for you.”
Jim was already prepared and scribbled down what the Irishman told him, interrupting only once to check what he had said.
“Is that clear?” the Irishman asked, when he had finished.
Jim read through the notes quickly. 
“Yes, I think so.”
“Come alone,” the Irishman stressed. “If we see anyone else, or we even suspect that you’ve informed the police, then you’ll not get a second chance. You do want to see your wife and daughter again don’t you?”
“You know bloody well that I do,” Jim replied with feeling. “There’s no way I’d let anything happen to them.”
“Well you’d better get a move on. You haven’t got long.”
There was a click at the other end and the line went dead.
Marion had been sitting with him in the living room and had jumped to her feet. “What’s happening?” she asked, looking down at his hastily scribbled notes.
Jim looked at his watch. It was five past ten.
“Marion. I’m sorry; I don’t think I’ve got time to explain. I’ve got to be at the phone box at Poulner in fifteen minutes. Listen to the tape, then phone Stephen and Mark to let them know what’s happening. I’ll take my mobile phone and I’ll ring you as soon as I can.”
Jim had expected Marion to be in a flap, but she was absolutely calm. “What about that man O’Hara and the people from MI5?”
“I’ll phone O’Hara as well. We’ll be under surveillance, so I don’t think they’ll have a problem following.”
Jim picked up the fake processor unit from the coffee table and put it into a rucksack that he’d borrowed. With it went the revolver and box of shells that Archie had supplied, a small pair of rubber armoured binoculars that he often took walking with him and Marion’s kitchen knife. He patted his pockets as he slung the rucksack over his shoulder. In them he had his mobile phone, an earpiece for it, and the two GPS tracker tubes – one that had come from Archie and the other, the one that O’Hara had given him to build into the fake K2 unit.
“Marion, have you got a local map?” Jim asked, “and a black bin bag?”
“There are maps in the hallway,” Marion replied. “On the top shelf of the bookcase, next to the walking books. The bags are in the kitchen. I’ll get you one.”
Jim had a look at the maps as he passed. Running his finger along them, he pulled out one of the Ringwood area and one that covered part of Salisbury Plain to the north. They were the only two local ones. All the rest were of the Lake District, Scotland and the Cornish Coast. By the sound of it the kidnappers were going to have him running around. The maps might come in useful, although if they were expecting him to go by car, the road map was probably all that he’d need.
Marion came through from the kitchen and handed him two black bags, which he folded up and put in the front pocket of the rucksack.
Wolf had followed him through as well.
“Come on then. You’d better come with me.”
Jim opened the front door and Wolf ran out to the car, oblivious of the nature of their journey.
“Jim, you be careful,” Marion shouted after him.
“I will,” he replied.

As he walked to the Land Rover, Jim put the phone’s earpiece on, dialled the number for O’Hara and put the phone in his pocket. He had never bothered with a hands-free kit for the car as a wireless headset was more useful. Connected to the phone, it left his hands free for driving, or anything else come to that. O’Hara answered as he was putting Wolf in the back.
“It’s Jim Turner,” Jim said, getting into the driver’s side and putting the rucksack on the passenger seat beside him.
“We’ve been waiting for you to call. What’s happening?” O’Hara asked.
“They’ve been in touch,” Jim replied. “They want to exchange now. It sounds like they know what they’re doing. They’re not going to give us any time to get organised. I’ve to drive to the phone box at Poulner and get more instructions in fifteen minutes.”
“Shit,” O’Hara muttered. “It’ll take us longer than that to get there.”
“You mean you haven’t got anyone here already?”
“Two guys in a green VW,” O’Hara said. “But we need more than that.”
Jim turned the engine on and pulled out of the driveway.
“What about the fake K2 unit?” O’Hara asked.
“It’s finished. I’ve got it with me,” Jim said.
“Switch on the tracker unit.”
Jim had already switched on the tube that was built into the box of electronics, but of course that wasn’t the one that O’Hara had given him. He reached into his left jacket pocket and flicked the switch on the tube that was there, then for good measure swapped hands on the steering wheel, felt for the second tube from Archie and switched that one on as well.
“It’s on,” Jim said, adjusting the earpiece that was working loose as the car bounced over an unmade piece of road.
There were sounds of impatience from the other end as O’Hara fiddled with whatever equipment he had to follow the movements of the GPS unit. Jim heard Trent’s voice in the background as he took over from him.
“That’s fine. We’ve got you on the screen.”
Jim glanced in the rear view mirror and saw a green Volkswagen Golf about a hundred yards behind him.
“God almighty!” he exclaimed. “Your guys are right behind me and if I can see them, then so can anybody else. Get them out of here, or I’m switching this thing off.”
“Don’t be stupid,” O’Hara replied. “They’re the only people we’ve got with you at the moment.”
“Well if you don’t pull them back, I’m going to stop and bloody well shoot them. Are they your lot or MI5?”
Charlie Trent must have taken over the phone. “Neither I’m afraid; they’re from the local force. I’ll call them off. We can get them to stay well back and direct them from here now that we’re getting a signal from the GPS unit.”
Nothing happened for two minutes, but then the Green VW pulled over and stopped outside someone’s house.
“That’s better,” Jim said with relief. “I need to go, but I’ll phone you back.” He thumbed the button on the back of the headset; once to disconnect the call and then once more to activate voice dialling. 
In his pocket the phone dialled Stephen’s mobile number for him. It took a minute to connect and then he was diverted straight to Stephen’s voice-mail. Jim pressed the button behind his ear again to disconnect the call without leaving a message. Stephen wouldn’t leave his phone switched off, which meant that he was speaking to Marion.
The kidnappers’ instructions had been brief. He was to drive to Poulner, and wait for a call on the payphone there at 10:20. He was to take the K2 processor with him, wrapped in a black bin bag and he would be directed in stages until he came to the place where they wanted him to leave it. They had given him a list of times, but no locations. The first was Poulner phone box at 10:20 a.m. The next was at 10:40 a.m., then at 10:55 a.m. and then again at 11:15 a.m. It was a trick Jim had seen on the cinema screen more than once, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t effective. It meant he had to keep moving, it made it difficult for anyone to follow him and it meant the kidnappers would be watching along the way, to make sure he was on his own.
The designated phone box stood on a corner of the street, opposite the park. Jim’s watch said 10:18 a.m. when he drew up beside it and thankfully it wasn’t in use. He jumped out of the car, taking the rucksack with him, pulled open the phone box door and stepped inside. It smelt of stale urine and tobacco smoke and there was a recently broken pane of glass by his knee. When he lifted the receiver though, there was a reassuring dial tone that said the phone was working. Jim put the receiver back on its cradle and waited. Across the road, a middle aged man wandered out of the park and crossed the road, glancing briefly in his direction – or was he just watching for traffic?
The phone rang and Jim snatched it up.
“Turner?”
“Yes.”
“The Golf Club in Burley. You’ve got twenty minutes. There’s a payphone in the entrance.”
The phone went dead. Jim hurried back to the car, climbed in and pulled out onto the main road.
On the way, He tried Stephen again. This time he got through.
“Stephen, it’s Jim. Has Marion phoned to tell you what’s happening?”
“Yes,” Stephen confirmed. “Just be careful. Where are you at the moment?”
“In the car.” 
“Yes I know, but where exactly?” 
“Just coming off the A31 on the way to Burley,” Jim replied.
“Good. That agrees with what I’ve got.”
Jim checked his mirror. There was no sign of the green VW and he wondered if O’Hara and Trent’s team had picked him up in some other way. At least he knew Stephen was keeping tabs on him. He realised that Stephen’s question had only been asked to check the equipment. He could imagine his father in law and Mark sitting in Stephen’s office, the computer display in front of them, watching his position change slowly on the screen as he made the short drive to Burley.
A tone in Jim’s ear told him that someone else was trying to phone. “Have to go. Speak to you later.”
When he answered the call it was O’Hara.
“Are you going to Burley?” O’Hara asked.
“Yes,” Jim confirmed, “I’m to get another call on the payphone at the golf club.”
“Try to stall,” O’Hara instructed. “We’ve got a police helicopter on the way but we need at least fifteen minutes.” His voice faded in and out as the mobile phone signal varied.
“Are you still there?” O’Hara asked. 
“Still here,” Jim confirmed.
“Signal’s not that good,” O’Hara continued. “We’re on the move as well. We’ll be with you shortly.”
“Keep your distance,” Jim warned.
“We will.” O’Hara said. Then the line went dead.

The golf club at Burley wasn’t busy, but there were a number of people about. Jim left Wolf in the car and walked quickly from the car park to the clubhouse, looking carefully at anyone he passed and mentally filing away their description in case he should see them again. If the kidnappers were watching, it was unlikely they’d use the same person to check on him twice, but he knew from past experience that good observation could often pay off.
The phone was already ringing when he got there. A woman in a dark blue trouser suit was walking over to pick it up, but Jim beat her to it.
“Sorry. I think this is for me.”
“Hi, it’s Jim Turner.”
The woman looked at him enquiringly.
Jim nodded, and the woman turned away.
“Next one Turner,” the voice said. “Take the A 35 to Lyndhurst. Go through Bank and watch for the next turning on your left. There’s a signpost there for Emery Down. Your instructions will be there.”

It didn’t take long and Jim got there on schedule. The road was quiet as he pulled the Land Rover onto the verge beyond the sign and got out . At the bottom of the signpost, a sheet of paper was wrapped around the metal post and tied with string. Jim bent down, untied it and read the words that were typed on it.
‘Junction 1 M27 at Cadnam’
Jim climbed back into the car and phoned O’Hara.
“What’s happening?” O’Hara asked.
“Just outside Lyndhurst. I’ve to go to Junction 1 on the M27.”
“That’s fine. The helicopter will be with you in a couple of minutes. He’ll fly past to get a visual and then he’ll stand well off. Phone me when you get to the motorway.”
Jim drove through Lyndhurst and followed the signs for Cadnam. As he drove out of town a low flying helicopter passed overhead and continued east towards Southampton.
A mile further on, Jim’s phone rang. He was expecting Stephen or O’Hara again, but when he answered, it was the Irishman. He’d forgotten they’d given him their mobile numbers.
“Change of plan,” the Irish voice said coolly. “Take the next left and keep going for half a mile. You’ll find a car park on the left hand side. Leave the car and take the path that leads through the woods. After you’ve gone fifty yards you’ll see a wooden bench with a beech tree behind it. Leave the processor unit in the black bag at the bottom of the tree and walk back to your car. Leave the phone on until you get there.”
Jim cursed. O’Hara and the police helicopter would be heading towards Cadnam and it would take precious minutes to realise that he’d turned off. That was probably all the kidnappers needed to complete the drop. He’d been told to stay on the line, so he couldn’t phone O’Hara to let him know.
“Leave the dog in the car,” the voice in his ear said as he pulled into the car park. 
Jim looked around, but there was no one there. If they’d seen that he had Wolf with him, it must have been earlier, when he was in Poulner or Burley.
There was no one to be seen in the car park, so before he got out, Jim took the revolver from the rucksack and pushed it into the waistband of his trousers beneath his jacket. Taking the K2 unit, he wrapped it in one of the two black bags that Marion had provided and set off down the track.


Only minutes behind Jim on the Lyndhurst Road, O’Hara and Trent were closing up on him. O’Hara was at the wheel of their white Renault Espace, whilst Trent sat in the back with the communications equipment and a screen in front of him, which showed Jim’s position.
Trent was on the radio to the helicopter.
“Have you got a visual? Over.”
There was static from the radio and then the helicopter responded.
“Negative. Are standing off as instructed. Over.”
“Stand by,” Trent replied, and then turned back to the phone link that connected him with the local police.
“Control?”
“Control here,” came the reply.
“Can you give me an update on your mobile units? Where are they now?”
A voice came back over the speaker in the back of the car, which let them both listen to the conversation.
“One is at junction one of the M27 outside Cadnam, one is on the A35 coming towards you about two miles outside of Lyndhurst. The other is parked up on the Beaulieu road.”
Armstrong’s voice cut in from Operations Control in London.
“Trent. Make sure that everyone keeps their distance. We don’t want to show our hand yet.”
“Will do,” Trent confirmed.
Armstrong’s voice came over the speaker again.
“He’s turned off. Be careful, this might be it.”
The advantage of the tracking system they were using was that everyone could access the same information on Turner’s movements. Trent had a PC in the back of the people carrier, but Armstrong and the police control room could also see his movements from where they were directing operations. 
Trent tapped O’Hara on the shoulder. 
“Try phoning him again and see what’s happening.”
Jim’s mobile number was already programmed into O’Hara’s phone and he pressed the button that dialled it.
“Can’t get through,” O’Hara said, glancing at Trent in the rear view mirror. “He’s on another call.”
Armstrong’s voice interrupted again.
“We’re trying to tap into Turner’s calls at this end, but we’re not getting anything at the moment. Keep your distance and see if the helicopter can get a visual on him.”
“Will do,” Trent confirmed.
A few hundred yards up the road, the entrance to a field provided O’Hara with a convenient stopping point and he pulled off the road, leaving the engine running.
In the back, Trent was on the radio, asking the helicopter to do a fly past and report back. A moment later the helicopter itself passed a few hundred yards from them, banked in a long slow loop and turned back towards the target.
The radio crackled into life again.
“We’ve got him. The car’s been left in a car park at grid 429,108. We’ve got one man on foot walking through the woods. Over.”
“Good job,” Trent replied. “Stand clear again please. Out.”
O’Hara turned round from the driver’s seat. “What do you think?” he asked. “Is this it?”
Trent turned his attention back to the computer screen. 
“Looks like it. This thing is still moving, but he must be on foot now. Try his phone again.”
O’Hara glanced down and thumbed the appropriate button. 
“Still engaged.”
Trent turned to the phone link for instructions.
“This looks like it sir. We’re going to sit tight and let him hand over the unit, then follow it from there – unless you want us to play it differently?”
“No that’s fine,” Armstrong confirmed. “Just make sure you’re ready once it changes hands.”

In the woods, Jim walked carefully down the path. He’d left the rucksack in the car and the K2 unit was tucked under his arm. The revolver was a cold, hard lump in the small of his back and he was conscious of the shape of the knife, pressed against his side, still wrapped in kitchen roll inside his jacket pocket. Everything was quiet, apart from the sound of the birds and a helicopter in the distance. A hundred yards or more to his right, a few crows rose squawking above the trees and Jim stopped to watch and listen. If he was right, there was someone else moving through the woods down there, but they were a fair distance away and he couldn’t make out anything through the trees. 
Ahead of him Jim could see the bench. It was a simple affair, made from solid timber which had largely escaped the attention of the local youths, having only one or two initials cut into it. Behind it, a mature beech spread its canopy of leaves, rustling gently in the breeze that blew in from open fields beyond.
Jim stopped and looked around. The place was deserted. A voice in his ear interrupted him.
“Hurry up. We’ve not got all day. Are you there yet?”
“I’m at the tree,” Jim confirmed.
“Leave the bag and get back to your car.”
Jim lay the black bag behind the tree, close to the trunk, where it couldn’t be seen from the path and turned away. He turned right round, searching through the trees for any sign of someone waiting to collect it, but there was no one.
“What about my family?” Jim asked.
“We’ll phone you once we’ve checked the goods and tell you where we’ve released them. Now get moving.”
Jim turned his back on the spot and walked quickly back to the car. As he went, he put a hand in his pocket and switched off the GPS tracker unit that O’Hara had given him the day before.

In the back of the Renault Espace, Trent swore.
“We’ve lost the bloody signal.”
At the same time Armstrong’s voice burst from the loudspeaker next to him.
“What the hell’s going on? We’ve lost the signal.”
“I don’t know,” Trent replied. “It just went dead.”
“Move in,” Armstrong commanded. “I want all units to close in and I want the helicopter overhead now!”
Trent busied himself with relaying the instructions, whilst O’Hara put the car into gear and screeched away from their parking spot.

As Jim got back to the car park the voice in his ear said “We’ll be in touch.” and the line went dead.
In the distance a motorbike started, the engine noise sending a handful of crows into the air, protesting loudly. Its engine revved repeatedly as the rider took the bike up through the gears. The noise grew louder as the bike approached, apparently on the same track that Jim had just left and then paused, the engine idling at a distance that corresponded with the beech tree and the K2 unit that Jim had left beneath it. A moment later the pitch changed as the rider picked up the revs and ran the bike through the gears once more, this time moving in the opposite direction. The rider was really working the machine. The tone of the engine rose and fell as if it were being taken over a series of obstacles, rather than along a straight path. Gradually the sound faded into the distance and the wood was silent again, except for the protests of the crows who still circled above.
The telephone earpiece buzzed in Jim’s ear and he pressed the button on the back to answer it.
“Hello?”
“Turner, it’s O’Hara. What’s happening?”
There was a note of urgency in O’Hara’s voice and Jim knew he’d just lost the signal from the tracker unit. What they didn’t know, was that the tube was still in his pocket and not, as they thought, inside the box of electronics that he’d just left behind.
“I’ve just left the K2 unit by a tree in the woods,” Jim replied. “I got a phone call on my mobile telling me to turn off the main road and where to leave it. It sounds as if it’s been picked up already by someone on a bike.”
Jim heard a voice in the background “Ask him if he saw or heard anything.”
“No, I didn’t,” Jim said, anticipating the question. “There was no sign of anyone. All I could hear was the motorbike. It started as soon as I got back to the car.”
Jim heard the voice in the background again, but this time couldn’t make out what had been said. O’Hara came back on the line, as a helicopter flew low over the car and continued past him, flying out over the woods.
“O.k. Leave it with us. We’ll get back to you as soon as we have anything.”
The line went dead and Jim stood there, listening to the sound of the helicopter slowly fading, just as the motorbike engine had moments earlier.

In the back of the Renault, Trent was listening to the phone link. The helicopter was liaising directly with police control and they had been patched into the conversation. Trent turned up the volume on the speaker so he could hear it better. As the car sped past the turn off that Jim had taken earlier, O’Hara slowed right down and they both searched the woods on either side.
“We’ve got him,” a voice from the helicopter said over the speaker. “We can’t see a thing beneath the trees, but we’ve got the bike’s engine on the infrared. He’s moving north, parallel to the road.
“Has he spotted you?” Armstrong’s voice asked.
“Can’t have,” the helicopter replied. “If we can’t see him, then he probably can’t see us. Plus, if he’s on a bike under there, he’ll not be able to hear a thing over the noise of his own engine.”
“Good. If he comes out from the trees, keep your distance. I don’t want him seeing you.”
There was a pause and then Armstrong’s voice came over the speaker again.
“Trent. Why have we lost the signal?”
“Don’t know sir,” Trent replied. “It must be interference from the bike, or maybe the unit’s in something that’s blocking the signal.”
Armstrong grunted. “Bloody technology. You can never rely on it.”
The helicopter cut in again. “We’re going to gain some height. He’s near the road and he might be coming out. We’ve also got a visual on you, unit one. He’s about two hundred yards in front of you and fifty yards into the trees.”
“That’s us,” Trent said. “Keep your speed down and we should be able to spot him.”
Trent wound down the window and they could hear the sound of the bike’s engine as it raced through the woods, near to the road.
O’Hara caught a brief glimpse of the bike, running parallel to them and then it turned back, moving deeper into the trees.
“He’s on a track through the trees,” O’Hara said. “Looks like it’s heading away from the road again.”
Seconds later the helicopter cut in over the loudspeaker. “He’s stopped.”


In the woods, Bryant turned the motorbike off the main track and letting the engine idle, he forced his way through the undergrowth to a patch of bracken which stood under the heavy branches of a horse chestnut tree. He stopped well under its canopy of leaves, switched off the engine and dismounted, pulling his helmet off as he did so. The woods were silent. Even the birds had stopped singing, frightened by the noise of the engine; silent that is apart from the quiet but steady beat of a helicopter’s rotors from somewhere overhead. Bryant wasn’t surprised. He’d been followed by a police helicopter before. They could pinpoint a man on the ground even from altitude with their cameras. They could do the same in pitch darkness using infrared. What they couldn’t do though, was to follow a man on his own, under trees – especially on a warm day. There just wasn’t enough of a heat signature. Bryant kicked the bike’s stand down and left it next to the tree, loose wires trailing over its petrol tank from the ignition switch that he’d wired earlier. Other than that, the bike wasn’t damaged. It was a good machine, its owner would be glad to get it back. 
Hidden under the bracken was another bike. Not a motorbike this time, but a mountain bike. Apart from being an easy target for the helicopter, the motorbike would stand out like a sore thumb in the woods nearer to town. A push-bike on the other hand was a common sight. Bryant dragged the bike out from the undergrowth and propped it against the tree. His crash helmet disappeared into the bag that was slung across one shoulder, together with the box of electronics and was replaced by a cycle helmet. Throwing one leg over the bike, he let it freewheel downhill taking care to keep under the cover of the larger trees, until a few moments later he was on a well worn cycle track. This part of the wood was crisscrossed by paths, and was regularly used by walkers, horses and bike riders, one of whom passed him, dressed in black and yellow lycra, going in the other direction. He checked his watch. A few minutes and he would be in Cadnam.

O’Hara had stopped the car and he and Trent were listening to the running commentary coming from the loudspeaker.
“What’s happening?” Armstrong demanded.
The voice from the helicopter replied, “He’s stopped. He’s left the bike I think. Yes. I can still see him on the infrared. Shit he’s moving quickly if he’s on foot. Hell, I’ve lost him. Circle round. Circle round, I’ll try and pick him up again.”
The heat of the bike engine stood out like a beacon on the infrared, but the man himself was not that easy to pick up under the trees.”
Through the open window, Trent and O’Hara could hear the helicopter circling in the distance.
“There’s no sign of him. Wait, I think I’ve got him again. No that can’t be it’s too big. Looks like a pony.”
The helicopter circled for another ten or fifteen minutes, flying a search pattern, but eventually they had to admit that they’d lost the target completely.
“What now?” Trent asked over the phone.
Armstrong gave instructions for them to go and check the motorbike, which the helicopter could still see from its heat signature under the trees, whilst the other cars patrolled the surrounding roads, looking for some sign of its rider.
The two left the car where it was and walked into the trees. As they pushed their way through the undergrowth, a green Volkswagen passed them and carried on down the road. The car slowed slightly as one of its occupants reported to police control that they had just passed unit one, and were continuing in the direction of Cadnam.

In Cadnam, Bryant cycled the length of the High Street, turned into a side road and stopped beside an inconspicuous Ford Escort. The electric window on the passenger side rolled down and Bryant bent down and spoke across the empty passenger seat to the driver. Satisfied with the reply, Bryant unslung the bag from his shoulder, took out the package that he’d picked up in the woods and leant into the car, placing it gently on the seat. The electric window wound itself shut and the Ford Escort pulled out and drove away in the direction of the M27 and its ultimate destination, some seven or eight miles away in Southampton.
Bryant reached over the front of his bike to pull a piece of twig out of the braking mechanism and then turned round to cycle back to the edge of town. Five minutes later he was handing his bag to Quinn, who opened the back of the Volvo for him, so that he could lift the bike inside. Quinn slid behind the wheel and with Bryant in the passenger seat, the two drove north, back towards Henson’s Farm.
As they left Cadnam, they passed a green Volkswagen going in the opposite direction. Its two occupants were taking their time, driving slowly and taking a particular interest in their surroundings. However, as the cars passed, they didn’t give the black Volvo a second glance.
THIRTEEN


It was 8:00 a.m. on Tuesday morning and the streets around Thames House were busy. The traffic was nose to tail and people hurried along crowded pavements, rushing to start another day at the office.
Archie stepped into the relative quiet of the MI5 building and presented his pass at the desk. He’d made an effort to come in early this morning so he could go over the reports from yesterday evening. Armstrong had called a meeting for 9:30 a.m. to brief the field agents and he wanted to be prepared.
There were relatively few people in at this time of day and the open plan office on the first floor was almost deserted. Two of his colleagues were having a discussion in the far corner and one of the cleaners was still pushing a mop unenthusiastically over the hard flooring around the drinks machine.
As he got to his desk and put his briefcase down, the phone rang.
He looked at the phone with annoyance and reached over to pick it up.
“Archie,” Armstrong’s voice said from the other end, “I’m glad you’re in. Come upstairs, I’ve got a job for you.”
So much for reading reports, Archie thought. Armstrong must have watched him arrive on the monitors. He took a moment or two to switch his computer on and check for e-mails and then hurried upstairs to see what the boss wanted.
The door to Armstrong’s office was open and Archie walked straight in. Armstrong was chatting to another of the agents assigned to the case; Andy Veitch-Moir, the man who had been running the ops room overnight. The two of them got to their feet as he came in. Andy would have been due to finish his shift at 9:00 a.m. but from the look on his face, Archie guessed that he’d just been told that he wasn’t.
Armstrong handed a report sheet to Archie.
“Andy’s just been on the phone to the hospital. It appears that our gunman is awake and in reasonable shape. The hospital says there’s no reason we can’t interview him if we want to.”
Archie glanced through the report, picking out the details.
“I want you and Andy to go over there and find out what he was up to last night. I’ll arrange for one of the medical team to meet you there and handle the interrogation.”
“Is he well enough for that?” Archie asked dubiously.
“Apparently,” Andy confirmed. “The guy who nailed him was a pretty good shot. He’s got a couple of broken bones and a hole through the shoulder, but the consultant says it’s nowhere near any vital organ. They’re even asking when we want to take him away.”
“Do we want to take him away?” Archie asked.
“Depends who he is,” Armstrong answered, taking the report back. “The sooner you two get over there, the sooner we’ll find out.”

It didn’t take them long to get to the hospital, or to find their man. He was in a private room on the second floor. Two armed police sat on chairs outside and when Archie glanced through the small glass window that was set in the door, he could see there were thick bars on all of the windows.
Both identified themselves to the men outside and then, since there was no sign of a medical officer, they went in search of a cup of tea and something to eat. Andy hadn’t eaten since the night before and was complaining that he didn’t function well if he didn’t have breakfast.
After a lengthy walk down never-ending corridors, the search for food proved to be fruitless and Andy had to settle for a packet of crisps and a cereal bar from a vending machine. The same was true for the tea, although a second machine did give them two cups of a light brown liquid, which claimed to be ‘fresh leaf tea’.
As they walked back, Andy’s phone rang to tell them that their man had arrived and they quickened their pace so they didn’t keep him waiting.
On the second floor, Paul Stamford, the medical officer, was standing outside the gunman’s room, deep in conversation with someone who looked like a senior doctor. The two were going through the patient’s notes and had evidently come to some agreement, as the doctor nodded reluctantly, handed the notes to Stamford, and left him to get on with it.
Archie had met Stamford before. In his mid fifties, he had once been a consultant psychiatrist in the NHS and had also worked with the army for several years, before getting involved with MI5. Nowadays, he had a private practice in Harley Street and only turned out for MI5 when his particular skills were required.
Stamford peered over a pair of half moon spectacles at them.
“Ah good, you’re here. Have you brought a list of questions with you?”
Andy produced a sheet of paper that he and Armstrong had worked on earlier.
“It’s a bit rough I’m afraid. We don’t know who he is at the moment.”
“That’s fine,” Stamford said, looking down the list. “We’ll soon remedy that. Why don’t you fill me in on the background and then I can decide how we should tackle it.”
The three found a quiet spot at the end of the corridor and Andy briefed Stamford with as much as they knew. Stamford nodded and made a few notes, asking an occasional question.
“Right,” Stamford said, once he had all the detail. “I’d like you two to stay out here for the time being. I’ll get started and when I’m ready I’ll call you in. You could bring my case in with you, if you would.”
Stamford had left a leather briefcase on an empty trolley that stood against the wall. He opened it and produced a white coat and a stethoscope, both of which he put on, then dug down to the bottom for a hypodermic and a small box of glass ampoules.
“Shouldn’t be long,” he said, pocketing the hypodermic and two of the ampoules.

Stamford heard the key turn in the lock behind him as he glanced around the room. It was typical of a hospital of this age. The walls had been painted an antiseptic shade of white, whilst the floor was covered in well polished blue linoleum that bore several scuff marks from the rubber wheels of passing trolleys. Apart from the bed that stood directly beneath the barred window, there was little other furniture. A cheap cabinet to the left of the bed held a jug of warm water and a plastic glass, whilst to the right, there was a brown vinyl armchair that had seen better days. Two gas bottles stood on a rack in the corner, beside an unused intravenous drip and a wheeled table had been positioned across the bed, presumably for the patient to have breakfast, as there was an empty bowl and coffee cup on a tray at one end.
Stamford was surprised by the man who lay in the bed. He was medium build, in his late twenties or early thirties, with pale skin and dark hair, receding slightly at the temples. If he didn’t know better, Stamford would have guessed that the man did a clerical job for a living. Dressed in striped hospital pyjamas, the man had his left shoulder bandaged and one arm strapped across his chest. Propped up by a pile of pillows, he was reading a copy of the Daily Mail, laying open on the bed-table next to the remains of his breakfast.
Stamford glanced at the notes which he’d brought in with him.
“Good morning Mr Smith. How are we feeling today?”
Smith, if that was his real name, folded the paper and put it aside.
“Oh, not bad doctor. As well as can be expected I suppose, with a hole in my shoulder.”
Stamford stepped over to the bed and took hold of Smith’s free wrist with a practised hand, putting two fingers on his pulse and looking down to follow the progress of the second hand on his gold wristwatch.
“That’s fine,” Stamford said, satisfied that the pulse was regular. “Could you unbutton your top for me, I’d like to listen to your chest.”
Smith struggled slightly with the buttons, only having one free hand, but managed to undo his pyjama jacket and let it fall open. Whoever had fixed him up had done a good job. His shoulder was neatly bandaged with his arm strapped in front to immobilise the joint. There was a touch of blood on the dressing, which would need to be changed later in the day, and a large area of bruising, but bearing in mind what had happened to him, the patient was in fairly good shape.
Stamford fitted the stethoscope into his ears and placed the other end on Smith’s chest. Smith jumped slightly at the touch of the cold metal.
“Sorry,” Stamford apologised, as he tapped Smith’s chest sharply with two fingers. “I should have warmed it up.”
Smith tensed as Stamford tapped nearer to his injured shoulder and then relaxed when he took the stethoscope from his ears and let it hang loosely around his neck.
“You’ll live,” he pronounced. “Your lungs sound fine. I just want to give you a shot of antibiotic as a precaution and then I’ll leave you in peace.”
Stamford checked the man’s weight from the medical chart and then took one of the ampoules from his pocket, drawing up some of the liquid into a syringe, careful to cover the label as he did so. Smith lay there quietly, whilst Stamford rolled up his sleeve for him and pressed the needle expertly into a vein.
The drug would take a few minutes to work. Until it did, Stamford chatted about nothing in particular: the weather, what Smith had been given for breakfast, the fact that there weren’t enough nurses in the NHS anymore. Smith’s eyelids started to droop and he had a slightly glazed expression. Stamford’s voice changed gradually, taking on a steady reassuring tone; one which said ‘don’t worry I’m in charge, just do as I say and everything will be fine’.
“Are you feeling tired?” Stamford asked.
“Tired,” Smith confirmed in a heavy voice.
“I want you to relax,” Stamford continued.
“Yes, relax,” Smith agreed, his voice slurring slightly.
“Close your eyes and breathe slowly.”
Smith’s eyes obediently closed and his breathing deepened. Stamford continued the process, slowly taking his patient into a deep hypnotic state, until he was happy that he was receptive to questioning.
“Do you know who I am?” Stamford asked.
“Doctor,” Smith replied quietly.
“That’s right. You lie there and relax for a minute or two and then I’d like to ask you some questions.”
Stamford checked the man’s pulse again and then went to the door, where he caught Archie’s attention through the small glass panel and beckoned for the two of them to come in.
As they entered, Stamford put a finger to his lips, indicating that they should be quiet, took his briefcase from Archie and guided them to a position where they could watch and listen, but weren’t in the way.
Smith was breathing slowly and regularly, with the hint of a smile on his face. Stamford took a small tape recorder from his case, turned it on and put it on the bedside table.
“Are you feeling relaxed?” Stamford asked.
“Yes,” Smith replied, in the same slurred tone as before.
Archie could detect the man’s Irish accent in that one word and waited to hear more.
“Then we’ll begin,” Stamford said.
“What day is it today?”
“Tuesday,” Smith replied.
“That’s right. Now tell me, what is your name?”
“David.”
“David what?”
“David Garrett.”
“That’s good. Now David, where do you live?”
“Belfast,” Garrett replied.
The conversation went on like this for some minutes. Stamford deliberately starting with straightforward, easy to answer questions and gradually building up to the more important matters. Every so often, he would check his watch and occasionally he would lean over the patient’s bed and check his pulse.
Stamford’s voice was hypnotic without any drug and Archie found that he had to concentrate to prevent his own eyes from closing. He was taking notes on a small pad and without that task, it would have been hard to pay attention to what was being said.
Once Stamford had covered the basics, he started taking questions from the sheet of paper that Andy had given to him.
“Tell me David. Who sent you to the Eastgate Services yesterday?”
“Mr McArthur, doctor.”
“And who would Mr McArthur be?”
“McArthur’s the top man over here.”
“Yes. Of course he is,” Stamford agreed, as if he had known all along. “The top man in what David?”
“The Provos,” Garrett replied with a touch of impatience.
Stamford glanced at the others. 
“What did he want you to do David?”
“To kill them. The two men.”
“I see. Did you know who these two men were?”
“Colin Walker and Liam Quinn.” Garrett replied.
Garrett was starting to slur his words and his breathing was not as regular as before. Stamford checked his pulse again and then went back to the relaxation exercises for a moment or two, until Garrett was calmer.
“Why does McArthur want to get rid of Walker and Quinn?” Stamford asked in a calm, unhurried voice.
“They know about Sean Patrick.”
“The politician?” Stamford asked, with a genuine note of surprise in his voice.
“Yes,” Garrett confirmed.
“What do they know about Sean Patrick?”
“Quinn used to be in The Brigade with him.”
“The Brigade………?”
For a moment Garrett seemed to be struggling to get the information out, but then he continued, “The North Belfast Brigade. In the 1980s.”
“Why is that important?” Stamford asked.
“They’ve got proof,” Garrett replied.
“Proof………..?” Stamford prompted again.
“Proof that Mr Patrick did it.”
“Did what David?”
“The bomb. The bomb in Donegall Place.”
Stamford glanced at his watch again. There were still plenty of questions on the sheet, but he couldn’t keep going for much longer. The man was starting to throw off the effects of the drug surprisingly quickly.
“Just one or two more questions David and then you can relax. Tell me. What were you to do once you had killed Walker and Quinn?”
“Another job,” was the slurred reply.
“What type of job?” Stamford asked.
“Someone else,” Garrett replied, breathing heavily. “Another target.”
Stamford put a hand reassuringly on the man’s shoulder. “Tell me?” he asked gently.
“Don’t know any more,” Garrett continued, “only know where.”
“Can you tell me where then?” 
“Southampton,” Garrett replied. “McArthur will tell me who, when I get there.”
Garrett was now visibly agitated and Stamford gestured to the other two that he would need to stop. Archie nodded and Stamford began to wind things up . A few inoffensive questions about Belfast, sport and whether or not Garrett had a girlfriend, calmed him down and then Stamford started to give instructions.
“David I want you to forget these questions. Do you understand?”
“Forget them,” Garrett confirmed.
“That’s right, you won’t remember them at all. Now breathe slowly and relax. Let yourself sink into the bed as if you’re floating. All of your worries and all your memories of our conversation are drifting away. Just let them go. There they go, let yourself float in space as they all wash away.”
Garrett was obviously doing just that. The look of agitation had disappeared completely, to be replaced by a slightly vacant look as he stared into the distance.
“That’s good,” Stamford said. “Now you’re feeling sleepy David. Very sleepy. You’re still floating, but when I tell you, I want you to let yourself drift away into sleep. Don’t speak, but if you understand nod your head.”
Garrett nodded slightly.
“When you wake up, you’ll feel completely relaxed and you won’t remember anything about this conversation. You’ll remember having your antibiotic and then seeing me leave the room and close the door behind me. Right David, you’re floating away now, you’re drifting closer and closer to sleep. You’re letting go of any thoughts that are going through your mind. And sleep………….sleeeeeeeep.”
Stamford held the last word, letting it tail away gradually to silence and then waited a moment or two, before feeling Garrett’s pulse one last time.
Archie glanced at Andy. The poor chap had been up all night and was nodding off himself. Archie nudged him with his elbow and Andy sat upright with a start, giving him an apologetic smile.
Stamford removed the tape from the recorder and handed it to Archie, then gestured for the two of them to leave quietly. A moment later, he followed them out of the room and closed the door gently behind him. One of the armed police turned the key to lock their prisoner in once more and the three made their way back to a quiet spot at the end of the corridor, where they could discuss the interview.
“I’m afraid I missed some of your questions,” Stamford said, handing the piece of paper back to Andy. “The trouble with the drug we use is that its effect varies considerably from person to person. I’m afraid your man started to come out of it rather quickly. You’ll have to wait at least three or four days now before you can repeat it.”
Andy folded the paper and put it back in his pocket. “That’s o.k. doctor. I think you covered most of the important things. We can always get back to you if we need to repeat it.”
“Good,” Stamford said. “Now if you two want to get away, please do. I’m going to stay here for an hour or so and see if I can track down an old colleague. Then I’ll check up on our man before I leave.”
Andy thanked Stamford, shook his hand and they left him in the corridor, packing his drugs and stethoscope back into his briefcase.

“What do you know about Sean Patrick?” Andy asked as they made their way back to the car park.
“Only that he’s a key figure for Sinn Fein in the Stormont Assembly.”
Andy looked over his shoulder as they walked down the corridor. “Not just a key figure. I’d say he’s the key player. The Ulster Unionists are only in the assembly because of his efforts to try and compromise on their demands. If this comes out, the whole assembly will collapse.”
Archie raised his eyebrows. “Didn’t we know about Patrick’s past?”
“Not the detail.” We knew that Patrick had been blackmailed and we had an idea of what they might have on him, but this puts it all firmly into the area of fact, rather than speculation.”
“What about Garret’s other job?” Archie asked. “Do you think that was Jim Turner?”
“Hmm……..don’t know. If he was going to Southampton, that puts him in the right place, but then O’Hara’s there already.”
“True, but he’s too involved with our guys. It looks like Garrett’s working independently.”
“Maybe the other target was the buyer?” Andy suggested. “All our intelligence on the Arab end is through an IRA connection in the Middle East. It’s quite possible they know more about the buyer than they’re passing on.”
Andy produced his car keys as they crossed the hospital car park and unlocked the car. Archie checked his watch. It was nearly 11:00 a.m. and he wondered if Armstrong had postponed the morning debrief, or whether it had gone ahead without them.
“We might get some answers when we get back,” Archie said.
Andy yawned as he put the car into gear and pulled away. “I just hope nothing urgent has cropped up. I could do with a few hours sleep.”


Ronnie Dunn checked his watch for the third time. It was 12:15p.m. and their man should have arrived by now. He climbed to the top deck of the small motor yacht and with one hand shading his eyes against the sun that reflected from the surrounding water, he scanned the length of the marina.
“Any sign of him?” a voice asked from below.
“No nothing,” Dunn said and then checked as he saw a car turn in from the main road.
“Hang on, there’s a car. That could be him.”
As he watched, the car made its way around the small cluster of buildings that housed the marina office, past a number of larger craft and drove in their direction.
“That’s him,” Dunn confirmed, as he climbed down the steep wooden steps to the main deck.
The only other person on board was a small balding man with a dark complexion. Dressed in a lightweight grey suit and rather too much jewellery, Dunn only knew him as Mr Flores. They had met at the marina earlier that morning and his job was to check that the electronics were genuine. Dunn didn’t know whether his real name was Flores, or if anything they had talked about for the last hour was true, but the man fitted the description that Walker had given him and he had since spoken to Walker on the phone, so Dunn was satisfied.
The Ford Escort came to a stop opposite the mooring and Johnny Miller got out. Dunn did know Miller. Employed by Walker on the South Coast, he made the journey to London regularly to meet up with the boss. He and Dunn were at a similar level in the organisation and they’d been involved in more than one job together.
Miller collected a package from the passenger seat of the car and walked over to the boat.
“Permission to come aboard?” he asked with a laugh as he saw Dunn standing by the rail.
Dunn flicked the end of his cigarette into the water and without replying, hauled on the mooring rope to swing the boat nearer to the quay.
“Any problems?” Dunn asked.
“No nothing,” Miller replied. “Picked this up on time and came straight here. Reckon there were police involved though. There was a police helicopter flying around Cadnam and I passed at least two marked cars watching the traffic from the bridges over the motorway.”
“You’re sure you weren’t followed?” Dunn asked.
Miller shook his head. “No chance. That’s why I’m late. I took a bit of a detour to make sure.
Flores came out of the cabin to the rear deck and Dunn introduced them.
“Mr Flores is here to check the goods,” Dunn explained.
Miller handed the package over and Flores unwrapped the black plastic to have a look at the K2 unit underneath.
“Looks right,” he said, turning the unit over to inspect it from the other side. “Let me wire it up to the computer and we’ll see if it does what it’s supposed to.”
Flores disappeared into the cabin, where he had a laptop computer and some other electronics and Dunn and Miller left him to it.
“Got anything to drink?” Miller asked, taking a seat in the shade at the back of the boat.
“Coke?” Dunn asked.
“Don’t suppose you’ve got a beer have you?” Miller said, swinging his feet onto the seat opposite.
“There is,” Dunn replied, “but you know what Walker’s like if he finds out you’ve been drinking on the job.”
Miller muttered something under his breath. “O.k. give us a Coke then.”
Dunn ducked into the small cabin and came back with two cans from the fridge, one of which he handed over.
“Who is he?” Miller asked, nodding towards the cabin, where Flores was probing the K2 unit with a multi-meter.
“Don’t know,” Dunn replied. “I only met him this morning. He knows the boss, but Mr Walker says we’ve to watch what we say around him.”
“Not one of us then?” Miller asked.
“Apparently not.”
“You dropping him off somewhere after this?”
“No,” Dunn said, taking a drink and wiping his mouth on the back of his hand. “He came by car. I’ve just to move the boat and then I need to get back.”
“Time for a pint and a bite to eat?” Miller asked.
Dunn checked his watch. “Doubt it. Depends what the boss says. We’ve to phone him once we’re finished.”
As if on cue, Flores appeared at the cabin door.
“It’s a fake,” he pronounced, squinting to see them properly as he moved from the dark cabin to the brightness outside.
“Give me a hand will you. I want to see what’s inside but I can’t get the bloody cover off.”
The three went back into the cabin, where Flores had the unit upside down on the built-in upholstery. A screwdriver lay next to it, but it was obvious that he hadn’t made much progress on the screws that Mark Brennan had glued in.
Flores handed the screwdriver to Dunn. “Here, you have a go at the screws and I’ll hold the thing down so that it doesn’t move about.”
Dunn did as requested, without any more success than Flores and then moved over to let Miller try. All they succeeded in doing was to strip the heads off two of the screws and bend the corner of the casing slightly.
“It’s not going to work,” Miller said, handing the screwdriver back. “You’ll need to drill these out to get into it. Are you sure it’s not genuine?”
“I’m sure,” Flores said testily, as if unhappy that his judgement might be questioned. “It looks right. In fact it’s a good copy, but it doesn’t do anything that it should do. I think that if we could get the lid off, there would just be some simple circuits to make the display work. Whoever put it together must have soldered or glued the screws in place so that it can’t be taken apart.”
Miller looked at Dunn. “You’d better phone the boss. He’ll not be pleased.”
“You’re not kidding,” Dunn agreed.
Dunn went to get the phone from his jacket, where it hung behind the boat’s wheel and took a seat there, while he phoned Walker.
The phone rang for a while and then Spencer picked it up at the other end.
“Spencer. It’s Ronnie. Is the boss there?”
“Hang on. I’ll get him.”
There was silence for a moment and then Walker picked up at the other end.
“Hello.”
“Boss?”
“Ronnie. How are things? Has Flores checked it out yet?”
“He has.” Ronnie paused, anticipating the reaction he would get. “You’re not going to like this boss. It’s not the real thing.”
Walker cursed. “Put Flores on. I want to speak to him.”
Dunn took the phone into the cabin and handed it to the smaller man. “Mr Walker wants a word.”
Flores walked back out to the rear deck where the phone had a better signal and Dunn and Miller left him to speak to Walker in private. He returned a few moments later and handed the phone to Dunn. 
“He wants to speak to you again.”
Dunn followed Flores’ example and went out to the rear deck, whilst Flores started to tidy up his equipment.
By the time he returned, Flores had just about finished packing his laptop computer and electronic equipment into a small suitcase.
Dunn put the phone away and waited for Flores. “I’m afraid it’s not good news for us Mr Flores, but thanks for your time. We’ll let you get away. Mr Walker says he’ll be in touch in a day or two to let you know what’s happening.”
“Fine.” Flores picked up his case. “If you need me, Mr Walker knows how to reach me.”
Dunn stepped outside to see Flores off the boat, pulling in the mooring rope so that he could step ashore. Then he watched him walk across the tarmac, to where his car was parked outside the marina buildings.
“Now what?” Miller asked, joining him at the back of the boat.
“You’ve got another job,” Dunn replied, as they watched Flores’ car pull out of the marina and onto the main road. “The boss wants to hang on to the electronics, but if the police have been brought in, he doesn’t want the thing hanging around to link any of us to the job.”
“So what does he want us to do with it?”
“It’s all yours,” Dunn replied, picking up the unit and handing it to Miller. “He wants you to put it somewhere safe, where you can get your hands on it quickly if he wants it back again.”
Miller looked worried. Dunn let him stew for a moment or two and then laughed.
“Don’t worry. He suggested that you leave it in one of the left luggage lockers at Southampton bus station.”
“Oh that’s o.k.” Miller said with relief, thankful that Walker didn’t expect him to look after it personally.
“I’d dump it as soon as possible if I were you,” Dunn said. “It’s pretty hot.”
Miller turned and looked for the black plastic that the unit had come in. “You’re right. I’ll go now and get rid of it. What about you?”
“The boss wants me back at the farm. I’ve just got to take the boat back to her usual spot and then I’m finished.”
“Well, I’ll see you then.” Miller picked up the unit that he had re-wrapped in its bin liner, tucked it under his arm and stepped carefully over the rail and down onto the concrete below.
Dunn watched him drive away and then untied the boat both fore and aft, before pushing away from the quay with a boat-hook. A moment later the boat’s twin engines rumbled into life and she swung slowly away from the mooring, picking up speed as she moved out into deeper water.
FOURTEEN


Jim opened the back of the Land Rover, reached in to rub Wolf behind the ears and then stepped aside to let him out. Wolf jumped down and trotted around the car, nose firmly pressed to the ground, completely unaware of the reason for their visit to the woods.
Jim leant against the back of the car and waited. Everything was quiet. The helicopter and motorbike had faded into the distance and the only sound to be heard was the faint calling of the crows in the distance. He was desperate to get back to the office or to phone Stephen, but he knew very well that if he left, it would look suspicious and if he phoned, the call would most likely be intercepted. When it became clear that no-one was in a rush to come and speak to him, or even to call him, he took out his phone and dialled O’Hara.
The phone was answered straight away in a strained tone.
“Where are you?” O’Hara asked.
“Haven’t moved,” Jim replied. “What’s happening?”
O’Hara’s hand was placed over the mouthpiece for a moment, while he spoke to someone else.
“We’ve got a bit of a problem. We’ve lost them at the moment. We’re not getting a signal from the tracking unit, but we’re hoping the helicopter will be able to pick them up.”
“What do you want me to do?” Jim asked.
Again, O’Hara’s hand was placed over the mouthpiece so that he could get instructions.
“Stay where you are. We’ll be there in a few minutes.”
In fact, it was more like ten, before a white Renault Espace turned into the car park and O’Hara and Trent got out.
“Well?” Jim asked.
O’Hara looked a little uncomfortable, but Trent just shrugged.
“Afraid we’ve lost them. There’s still no signal. We lost it just after you made the drop. The helicopter picked up someone on a motorbike in the woods, but the trees are too thick and they lost him when he dropped the bike and switched to something else.”
“So now what?” Jim asked in a worried tone. O’Hara and Trent weren’t to know that he could just reach into his left hand pocket and switch the signal back on again.
“Now we wait,” Trent replied. “We’ll pick up the tracker before too long. We think it’s inside something, which is blocking the signal. If not, we’ve got plenty of men on the ground and we’ve a good chance of picking them up when they break cover.”
Jim could hear the faint beat of the helicopter’s rotors in the distance as it flew wider and wider circles, looking for some trace of the man on the bike.
“I wouldn’t count on it,” Jim said. “Not in these woods.”
Trent looked at O’Hara and nodded in the direction of the white Renault, indicating that he should stay with the car.
“Michael is going to listen in to see how the search is going. I need to debrief you if that’s o.k. and you can show me where the drop was made.”
“Fine,” Jim agreed. The quicker they did so, the better. He wanted to get away before the trail started to go cold.
As O’Hara climbed back into the Renault and picked up the radio, Jim took Trent down the path to where he’d left the K2 unit behind the beech tree.
“So you didn’t see anything at all?” Trent asked as he surveyed the scene.
“No. Nothing.” Jim said. “I was back at the car park, before I heard the bike and I couldn’t see a thing through the trees.”
Trent bent down to examine the set of tyre tracks that could be clearly seen in the damp ground next to the tree. Then, still bent over, he walked forwards, following the tracks to the point where they left the main path.
“Looks like he came from the other direction. He must have been waiting in the trees and picked it up as soon as you left.”
Trent took a small pad from his jacket pocket and scribbled some notes. 
“Have a seat,” he said, pointing to the bench.
“O.k. Take me through what happened, from the time you got the phone call until we got here.”
It couldn’t have taken more than ten minutes to go through everything for Trent’s benefit, but to Jim it seemed like forever. He kept thinking of the signal that Stephen would be picking up on the PC at the office and wondered how far behind it he would eventually be.
At last Trent put the top on his biro and returned the notebook to his pocket. As the two walked back, Jim whistled to catch Wolf’s attention and he came running from the other direction to trot obediently at his heel.
“Now what?” Jim asked, when they got back to the cars.
“I’ll check.” Trent went over to lean into the Renault and speak in a low voice to O’Hara.
“Still nothing,” he said, coming back to join Jim by the Land Rover. “You can get away if you want to. We’re going to stay here and help with the search. There’s still no signal from the tracking unit, but we’ve got a few leads. The motorbike was ditched a couple of miles from here and our man switched to a mountain bike. We’ve got a few sightings of a bike in the area and we’ve got our people checking them at the moment.”
“How will I know what’s happening?” Jim asked.
“We’ll phone you,” Trent said. He had obviously got all that he needed from Jim and turned to get back into the car. Jim followed and took hold of the door, preventing Trent from closing it.
“When?” he asked.
“As soon as we know anything.”
O’Hara leaned forward from the back. “Where will you be?” he asked. “They’re going to send someone round to have a word with you.”
Jim checked his watch. “I’m going back to the office to let my father-in-law know what’s going on. They can meet me there if they like.”
“We’ll let them know,” Trent said, taking hold of the door once more and waiting for Jim to move so that he could shut it. He started the engine and backed the car up, then rolled down the window as an afterthought.
“If you hear anything from the kidnappers, phone us.”
Trent put the car into gear and drove away, the car bouncing gently over the potholes as it left the car park. Jim could see Trent turn to speak to O’Hara and the two laughed. They really didn’t care what happened to Susan or Millie, it was just another day at the office for Trent and who knew what O’Hara was up to.

Jim waited until the Renault was out of sight, bundled Wolf into the Land Rover and then climbed behind the wheel, starting the engine as he did so. He wound the steering wheel to turn the car in a tight circle and as soon as they were through the gate, he jammed his foot down on the accelerator. The wheels spun briefly on the gravel and then the Land Rover leapt forward, the engine protesting at the rough treatment as he pushed it up through the gears.
If he was followed on the way back to Ringwood, they were doing a good job because he couldn’t spot a tail. He assumed there would be one, but he had no reason to try and lose it for the time being. He took the most direct route to Ringwood, down the motorway, pushing the Land Rover up to eighty or ninety down the open road and sighing impatiently when he had to slow down on the outskirts of town. When he got to the office, he swung the car into the first vacant space, jumped out and leaving Wolf in the car, hurried inside. 
Having taken the stairs two at a time, Jim was out of breath when he got to Stephen’s office. There Mark was sitting in front of the computer screen, whilst Stephen paced up and down behind him.
“Have you still got a signal?” Jim asked, as he hurried into the room and stood at Mark’s shoulder.
“Yes, we’ve still got it,” Mark confirmed. “It’s stopped, right on the coast, just this side of Southampton.
Stephen picked up an open road atlas from his desk and put it down beside the PC.
“There it is,” he said, jabbing a finger down on the page. “There’s a marina there, I know the place. They went straight there and haven’t moved since”
“Do we call the police?” Mark asked. “It looks like they’re on a boat.”
Jim bent over the atlas. “No not yet. I want to have a look before we let the cavalry go charging in with all guns blazing. It won’t take long to get there.”
“I’ll come with you,” Stephen said, looking determined.
“No, I need you here.” Jim tapped the computer screen. “I want you to watch this thing and tell me if they move.”
Stephen started to protest, but Jim insisted.
“What about me,” Mark asked. “You can’t go alone, you might need some help, some sort of back-up.”
Jim nodded. “You’re right, I do need some help, but not as back-up. I need you to smuggle me out of the building.”
He produced the two tracking devices from his pocket, one of which had a band of red insulating tape wrapped round it.
“When I need back-up, this will bring the security services running.” He held up the taped tube. “This is the one they think is in the K2 device. All I need to do is switch it on. The other one’s the spare that came from Archie Long. I’ll switch that on and it’ll give you a reference signal to let you know how close I am.”
Jim handed Mark his mobile phone. “Do you mind swapping?” 
“No, why?” Mark asked, reaching for his jacket to get his own phone out of his pocket.
“I don’t want anyone on my tail when I leave,” Jim explained, “they’ll be listening to my calls and there’s probably someone sitting in a car outside keeping an eye on us.”
Mark handed over his phone and Jim gave him the keys to the Land Rover in return.”
“Which car are you driving?” Jim asked.
“The Toyota. Why?”
“Do you mind if I use that as well?”
“No, help yourself,” Mark agreed.
The Toyota was Mark’s somewhat unusual company car and Jim had driven it before. A four wheel drive Land Cruiser, it was a massive machine. As good in the Forest as the Land Rover and with its 4.2 litre turbo-diesel, it was possibly a little quicker on the open road.
“Could you bring it in?” Jim asked. “Without it attracting too much attention?”
There was a loading bay at the back of the building, where their deliveries came and went, with enough room for at least two vehicles to drive in through a double steel door, which was left open during the day.
While Mark went for the car, Jim explained to Stephen what he planned to do. Until he knew where Susan and Millie were being held, Jim didn’t want MI5, the police and especially O’Hara anywhere near the Marina. The last thing he needed was for part of the gang to be picked up by the police, leaving the rest at large and still holding his wife and daughter. He needed to check out the situation for himself first. If Susan and Millie were on a boat, he would get Stephen to call the police. If they weren’t, he would need to find out where they were being held. Exactly how he might do that, he didn’t know, but if he got his hands on one of the kidnappers, he knew he could make them talk.
Mark’s phone buzzed in Jim’s pocket.
“I’m in,” Mark said.
“Good, I’ll be right down.” Jim put a reassuring hand on his father-in-law’s arm. “You know what to do?” he asked.
Stephen nodded.
A second mobile phone was now propped against the monitor on Stephen’s desk, a yellow post-it note stuck to the front of it bearing Mark’s number. Jim had a similar sticker on the phone in his pocket. To be absolutely safe, Stephen had exchanged phones with his secretary. She was a little bewildered as to why he would want to use her phone, but she had worked for him for too many years to question his motives and was happy to agree to the request.
“Mark shouldn’t be long,” Jim said. “I’ll phone you as soon as I’m away.”

In the loading bay, the Toyota had been backed in and Mark was sitting at the wheel with the engine running. Jim climbed into the back and lay down on the floor. It was a bit of a squeeze, but not uncomfortable and they were only driving a few hundred yards anyway. There were a couple of items on the floor, which Jim pushed out of the way under the front seat. The barrel of the revolver dug uncomfortably into his ribs and he twisted round so that he wasn’t lying on it, before reaching up to close the door.
“Ready?” Mark asked.
“Ready,” Jim confirmed. “Let’s go.”
The Toyota eased out of the loading bay, drove sedately through the car park, past the Land Rover and out onto the road. From his position on the floor, Jim could see the top of the building pass by, then the arm of the barrier that stood at the entrance to the car park and then the occasional tree as they picked up speed down the main road.
“Any cars hanging around?” Jim asked.
“No, nothing,” Mark said. “We probably don’t need to do this you know.”
“Maybe not,” Jim agreed, “but it doesn’t hurt to take precautions.”
Mark took a right turn, then a left and stopped where they had agreed. Jim sat up in the back and looked around. Mark was right. There was nobody to be seen. He stepped out of the car and brushed himself down to get rid of the grit that he’d picked up from the floor. Mark got out at the driver’s side, leaving the door open and the engine running.
“All yours,” he said. “I’ll get back so Stephen isn’t on his own. Good Luck.”
The two men shook hands and Jim climbed behind the wheel. As he adjusted the seat and the rear view mirror, he could see Mark hurrying back towards the office on foot. Then, mirror adjusted, he checked over his shoulder for traffic, pulled out and headed towards the Southampton road.

It didn’t take long to get onto the dual carriageway and once there, Jim picked up the phone and rang Stephen. Mark had made good time getting back and he heard him arrive in the background while they were talking. The tracking device hadn’t moved, so they agreed that Jim would phone again once he got to the marina.
As he drove, Jim checked his equipment. He still had the revolver, the kitchen knife, a box of shells and two GPS tracking units, one with its band of red insulating tape and the other, which he’d switched on so that Stephen and Mark could track him. He’d also acquired a twelve inch wheel nut wrench, which he’d found under the driver’s seat when he was lying on the floor. It lay on the passenger seat beside him and looked like a useful weapon if things were going to get physical.
Once he left the main road, he glanced down at the atlas, which was open on the passenger seat, making sure he was on the right road. It wasn’t far to the marina and he should be there in twenty minutes. He glanced in the mirror to see what was behind him and then pressed the accelerator down to the floor. Make that fifteen.
As he neared the turning for the coast road, the phone rang on the seat beside him. Jim picked it up, trying to divide his attention between the road, the phone and the atlas. He didn’t want to miss the turn and have to double back.
“Hello?”
“Jim, it’s Mark. The damned thing’s on the move again.”
Jim swore and stamped on the brakes. A horn blared behind him and there was a screech of rubber on tarmac. Jim cursed himself for being stupid. If someone ran into the back of him, he wouldn’t get there at all. He pulled off the road onto the verge and put up a hand of apology to the van driver behind him. 
“Where is it?” 
“You’re about four miles away. It’s heading for Southampton on the B3054.”
Jim picked up the atlas from the passenger seat and looked for the B3054.
“What are you doing?” Mark asked.
“I’m looking at the bloody atlas,” Jim replied, with annoyance.
“Never mind that. We’ve got you on the screen. Just get a move on and we’ll direct you.”
There was no traffic now, so Jim put the car into gear and quickly pulled out. He could have done with the headset that he used with his own phone. As it was, he had to drive with his head on one side, the phone trapped between his ear and his right shoulder.
“Next on the right,” Mark said, and fifty yards further on Jim slewed around a T-junction and onto a minor road.
“Put your foot down,” Mark demanded and Jim floored the accelerator, feeling the power of the engine kick the big car forwards.
“You’re gaining on them,” Mark encouraged. “You’ve got about five hundred yards to a crossroads, then if you take a left, you’ll be on the same road.”
As predicted, the crossroads appeared ahead and Jim skidded to a stop at the give way sign, then pulled away quickly when he saw that the road to his right was clear, wheels spinning despite the four wheel drive.
Jim took one hand from the wheel and repositioned the phone. “How far?” he asked.
“About a mile and a half,” Mark replied. “You’ll need to get a move on or they’ll be in Southampton.”
Jim let the accelerator sink further towards the floor and then thought better of it when the Toyota briefly left the road surface at the next hump in the road.
“Can you see them?” Mark asked a few minutes later.
“No,” Jim replied.
There were a few cars in the distance, but he didn’t think that he was that close.
“You’re not going to catch them,” Mark said. “They’re on the outskirts of the city. Give me a minute; I’m going to see if I can change the display to show a better map.”
Mark went quiet for a moment, and then came back on the line. “That’s better; I’ve got a street map now. Hang on; it looks like they’ve stopped. No, they’re back on the move again.”
Two minutes later, Jim came to the same spot, where the car he was chasing had stopped at a red light. Luck was with him and the lights turned green as he approached.
“Where do I go?” he asked, when there was silence from the phone.
“Straight through,” Mark replied. “Sorry, too busy watching where they’re going. You must be about three hundred yards behind them.
A bus pulled out in front of him and Jim swung onto the other side of the road and then pulled back in again, to the noise of a horn blaring from an oncoming lorry.
“Come on, come on,” he muttered to himself, as the bus took up the whole road and crawled along at twenty miles an hour.
“You’re dropping back again,” Mark said in his ear.
“I’m stuck behind a bloody bus!” Jim said, swinging out to his right again. This time the road was clear, so he floored the accelerator and the Toyota leapt past the bus, cutting in just in time to avoid a motorcycle coming round a corner.
“Next left, next left,” Mark shouted down the phone.
Jim jammed on the brakes, to the audible annoyance of the bus driver behind and swung round a left turn, bearing a signpost with the words ‘City Centre’ on it.
“They’ve stopped again,” Mark said. 
Jim had as well. He was at a set of lights which were at red. There were three cars in front of him. He couldn’t go round, there wasn’t enough room. A line of traffic blocked the other side and cars were starting to get nose to tail as he approached the town centre.
“They’re on the move again,” Mark said in his ear. “I think they’re on foot. They’re moving much slower. Hang on. Yes. They must have parked. Look out for a car park. They stopped about two hundred yards in front of you.
The traffic seemed to crawl along, but then Jim spotted the sign – a white letter ‘P’ on a blue background and he pulled off the road and into the car park. It was a pay and display, but he just parked in the first vacant space, switched off the engine and left the car where it was. The revolver banged against his side as he jogged in the direction of the shops, the phone still pressed to his ear, as he tried not to be too conspicuous.
“It looks like they’re heading for the bus station,” Mark said.
Jim had some knowledge of Southampton, but he didn’t know where the bus station was. He stopped for a moment and grabbed the arm of a middle aged woman who was weighed down with shopping.
“Hey!” she protested.
“Sorry! I’m sorry,” Jim apologised, letting go when he saw the look of alarm on her face.
“Where’s the bus station?”
The woman pointed down the road and Jim could see a single-decker pulling out from a side turning.
“Thanks,” he said and broke into a run.
“How far?” he asked as he neared the turning.
“Fifty yards, if that,” Mark replied.
Heads were turning as Jim ran down the road and he slowed to a jog and then to a fast walk. He didn’t want to attract his target’s attention.
“You’re nearly there,” Mark’s voice said in his ear. “Straight ahead. You must be able to see them by now.”
The bus station wasn’t crowded, but there were enough people that Jim had to weave from left to right as he made his way forward. He scanned the faces of the people around him, but no one stood out.
“Speak to me,” Jim demanded down the phone.
“You’re right on top of them,” Mark said.
Jim let the phone drop from his ear and stood looking around. There were twenty, maybe thirty people in the immediate area. Jim started to go through them one by one. The old lady with the suitcase – no. The couple with the pushchair – no. The three teenagers with a skateboard – no. The good looking woman getting something out of the lockers? The lockers. That was it! 
“Are they still moving?” he asked.
“No,” Mark replied. “I don’t know how accurate this thing is, but I’d say that there is no more than ten yards between you and the other tracking unit.”
Jim walked forwards until his way was blocked by the row of steel lockers. “How much now?”
“Five yards?” Mark replied.
Jim rushed to the end of the row and looked down the other side. There was no one there apart from a couple with a young baby, a boy in school uniform and an elderly man with a walking stick. He took a few steps forward.
“What about now?” he asked.
“Can’t tell the two apart,” Mark said. “You’re both in the same place.”
Jim kept on walking and turned round so that he could take in as many faces as possible. He didn’t recognise any. Not that he expected to. There were too many people. It could have been any one of them. His heart sank. The unit had been left in one of the lockers and he’d missed it by a matter of seconds. Whoever had left it must still be in the bus station, but his chances of spotting them were virtually non-existent. Despite this he found a bench and sat down to watch people passing by in case he should strike lucky, but no one stood out from the crowd. After a few minutes he gave up and started to retrace his steps to the car park.
The phone rang in his hand. Mark had hung up on him and then redialled.
“What’s happening?” he demanded.
“Sorry,” Jim said. “I’ve lost them. They’ve left the thing in a locker at the bus station. If I’d been here a minute earlier, I’d have got them.”
He could hear Mark’s frustration at the other end.
“How’s Stephen?” he asked, wondering how he’d take the news.
“I’ll need to tell him,” Mark replied. “He’s in the other room. He’s on to something with the phone number that he’s been working on. He’s hooked up to the phone company’s mainframe on another line.”
“Don’t interrupt him,” Jim said. “We can break the news to him when he’s finished. Right now, I’m going to pick up the car and get down to the marina to see what’s there. Have you still got a record of where the tracker has been?”
“Yes I do,” Mark confirmed.
“Maybe someone’s still there,” Jim said, trying to convince himself that they might be. 

It was twenty minutes later when he arrived at the marina and Jim wasn’t hopeful. There were plenty of boats, but the advantage of using a boat was that it was easy to move.
He parked the car next to a group of buildings which housed the marina offices and a small shop that sold groceries and marine equipment. There were one or two people going about their normal business – restocking with food, filling up with water, calling at the office, but the place wasn’t busy.
Jim dialled Mark again.
“I’m here,” he said, when Mark answered. “Where do I go?”
Back at the office, Mark still had the tracker that lay in Jim’s pocket marked on the PC in front of him and he was now familiar enough with the software, that he could switch screens to show where the other GPS unit had been over the course of the last two hours.
“Go down to the water,” Mark suggested. “Then I can tell you how far away you are and which direction.”
There were parking bays alongside the boats that lined the water’s edge and Jim drove towards them. If the kidnappers were still here, he didn’t want to be seen walking around in the open.
“Now where?” he asked.
“I would say about a hundred and fifty yards east of where you are now.”
Jim turned left and drove slowly along the tarmac, putting the sun visor down as he did so, peering at the boats which passed on his right. These varied in size from luxury cruisers to small pleasure craft. Most were unoccupied, but one or two had people on deck and there were two boats out in open water beyond them, either arriving or just leaving.
After eighty or ninety yards, the line of boats stopped and the permanent moorings with their wooden decking, gave way to a stretch of concrete quay, where just two boats swung at the end of their ropes.
“Keep going,” Mark said in his ear. Jim drove on – past the second boat and on for another thirty yards before Mark said “You’re there – they should be about twenty yards in front of you.”
Jim looked ahead. There was nothing there, apart from an empty stretch of concrete and three unoccupied moorings. He pulled the car to one side, put the handbrake on and stepped out to have a look. A few pieces of rubbish floated on the water next to the mooring: an empty coke can, a few cigarette butts and a small patch of oil that made a rainbow of colours on the water. Whoever had been there had gone.
A middle aged couple, dressed in shorts and sandals passed, going back to one of the nearest boats and Jim hurried to speak to them.
“Excuse me.” 
The couple stopped.
“You didn’t see a boat here about an hour ago did you?”
The man put his shopping bag down for a moment. “No, I’m sorry. We’ve only been here for fifteen or twenty minutes ourselves. Have you missed someone?”
“Afraid so. It looks like I got here too late.”
“Oh that’s a shame,” the woman replied sympathetically. “Maybe we can get them on the radio for you or give you a lift.”
Despite the situation, Jim smiled – grateful to come across someone who was kind enough to offer their help.
“Thanks. That’s kind of you, but I couldn’t put you to that trouble. Anyway, I’m hoping I’ll be able to catch up with them later.”
The couple, they explained, were sailing the length of the south coast and had only put into the marina to pick up some groceries and to top up with water. These moorings, they said, were reserved for that purpose. If you were staying for any more than an hour or two, you had to arrange a permanent mooring and pay at the office.
As they talked, one of the boats that had been out in open water slid into the vacant space beside them and a young girl jumped from the deck to the concrete below, a line in her hand.
Jim thanked the couple and hurried back to the car. He’d left the phone on the dashboard and as he slid behind the wheel, he pressed it to his ear.
“What’s happening?” Mark almost shouted.
“Sorry,” Jim replied. “They’re not here.”
“Are you alright?” Mark said, his tone part anger, part concern.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” 
“Well you should bloody well stay on the phone,” Mark said, the anger winning. “What am I supposed to think when I suddenly get silence? Another few minutes and I was going to call the police.”
Jim apologised. Mark was right; it was bloody stupid of him. He was too busy thinking of Susan and Millie and how on earth he could find them if this was a dead end. At the other end of the phone Mark calmed down a little. 
“What are you going to do now?” he asked.
Jim looked at the empty mooring and the open water beyond. It was a good question. What was he going to do now?
FIFTEEN


Armstrong turned his pipe upside down and tapped it firmly on the side of the ashtray. A small puff of ash found its way onto the desk beside him and he tutted, before sweeping it off with the flat of his hand.
The room was full. Archie and Andy Veitch-Moir sat at the back. Armstrong had apparently drafted in more help, because seven other agents sat in front of them waiting for instructions. Armstrong wasn’t happy. It was late morning by the time Archie and Andy had got back to the office and the operations room was in turmoil. The team had lost the signal from their tracking unit twenty minutes earlier and there was still no sign of whoever had picked up the equipment in the woods. Two hours later, things were no better. They had just finished a full debrief and it was clear they were no nearer to recovering the missing detector unit, no nearer to knowing where Walker and Quinn were holed up and no nearer to finding Jim Turner’s wife and daughter. In fact the only good news had come by luck, not from anything that the team had done. They knew from the forensics team in Cadnam that the courier had switched from the motorbike to a mountain bike in the depths of the woods and purely by good fortune they’d had a report from one of the PCs on the ground, that someone had seen a mountain bike being loaded into the back of a black Volvo in the centre of Cadnam. Nearly everyone within a fifty mile radius behind the wheel of a black Volvo had been stopped and questioned in the last two hours, but evidently not the black Volvo that they were interested in.
Armstrong lent back on the edge of his desk and surveyed the notes that had been put up on the flipchart beside him, before he turned to the group.
“Right. This is how we’ll break it down. Smith and Watson, I want you to go down to Southampton and see if you can track down this man McArthur, who Garrett was going to meet. If possible, I want him picked up. I don’t care if we’re supposed to be working with them. I need to know what they’re up to. 
“Dennis and Everett, I want you to team up with Trent and O’Hara in Ringwood. I want someone with O’Hara all the time and I mean ALL the times. If he’s got his own agenda I want you right next to him, so that we’re in control.”
Armstrong turned to one of the two women in the room. 
“Jane, I want to know what Musa was doing when he visited the bank this morning. Get down there with a Section 29 notice and have a word with someone in authority. If you need a Court Production Order, speak to Claire and she’ll organise it. I don’t want it dragging on though, if we do need a court order, I want it sorted today, not tomorrow morning.”
That left two other agents, together with Archie and Andy. Armstrong nodded in Andy’s direction.
“Andy, go home and get some sleep. You look as if you need it. Simon, you can take over in the ops room. Archie, I want you to go with the other two down to Ringwood. You know Turner well. Go and have a chat with him. Make sure we know everything he knows and that he’s not keeping anything back from us.”
Armstrong’s eyes roamed over the heads of the people in front of him. “Who have I missed?”
The other woman in the room raised her hand.
“Katie, that means you’re in the ops room as well. We need to coordinate our efforts with the local police. I want you and Simon to double check every report we’ve had on black Volvos and I want a regular update from Cadnam. Let’s see if they’ve come up with anything else since we’ve been in here.”
Armstrong slid off the desk and taking their cue from him, everyone got to their feet and filed out.
Dennis Ness, the most senior there, apart from Armstrong himself, was waiting for Archie outside.
“Archie, do you want to come down with us? One of us can go with you to interview Turner if you like, or would you prefer to do it alone?”
Archie didn’t want Ness tagging along, but then he didn’t want to give the impression that he wasn’t going to do the interview strictly by the book.
“I don’t mind Dennis. I’m going to drive down myself, but if you want to tag along when I see Jim Turner, that’s fine. Mind you, Jim and I go back a long way. He’s more likely to tell me everything if I’m on my own, than if we go mob handed.”
Ness nodded thoughtfully. “O.k. I’ll leave it to you then. Meet up with us afterwards and we’ll compare notes.”
Archie had no problem with that and he agreed to phone Ness once he got to Ringwood. Ness hurried after his partner and Archie followed them downstairs. He wanted to pick up a couple of things before he left. He checked his watch – 1:40 p.m. He should be able to get away by 2.00 p.m. It should take about two hours in the car so he’d be there by 4.00 p.m. He could phone Jim on the way. Better phone Harriet, he thought. Let her know she’d be on her own again tonight.
On the way out, Archie made two stops; one to pick up his copy of the case file and the other to pick up his gun from the armoury.

The armoury, housed in the basement of the building next door was deserted apart from the armourer, who was sitting in his office surrounded by paperwork. Archie tapped on the security window with his keys and the man turned round, looking as if he were glad of an excuse for a break. Archie produced his i.d. card and the armourer pressed the button on the edge of his desk which released the steel gate at the entrance. Beyond it, the firing range stretched for fifty metres or more, with firing positions on the left and banks of lockers to the right. Halfway along was a locker with Archie’s name on it and he produced a small key, turned it in the lock and let the door swing open. Inside was a revolver, three boxes of shells, a leather shoulder holster and an assortment of cleaning materials. The gun looked odd on its own. There were normally a pair, but the missing gun had already gone to Ringwood ahead of him. Archie picked up the holster and taking off his jacket, put it on, letting it hang comfortably below his left arm. Unlike its partner, this gun was well worn and part of the trigger guard and the front sight had been filed away. Archie slipped it into the holster, where its weight gave him a sense of reassurance. He picked up a box of shells and dropped them into his briefcase. 
When he got back to the gate, the Armourer acknowledged him with a wave of his hand, buzzed him through and turned back to his papers.

Quinn and Bryant got back to Henson’s Farm just after 3.00 p.m. and they pulled into the yard, parking next to Walker’s BMW. As Quinn switched off the engine, the door to the farmhouse was thrown open and Walker himself stepped out to meet them, a look of thunder on his face.
“Where the hell have you been?” He demanded, glaring at Quinn. “We were expecting you over an hour ago.”
Quinn looked at Bryant for support.
“We stopped for something to eat on the way.” 
He couldn’t see why Walker was so concerned. They’d phoned him as arranged once they’d handed the box over in Cadnam, and again to let him know they were on the way back. True, there had been the matter of the police helicopter, but Bryant had lost that completely before they left.
“Why couldn’t I reach you on the bloody phone?” Walker demanded.
Quinn produced the phone and saw that it was switched off.
“I must have switched it off boss.”
Walker let out a string of expletives that left Quinn in no doubt as to what he thought of him.
“Get inside. Both of you. We need to talk.”
Quinn and Bryant hurried into the farmhouse. Clarke and Spencer were already there, waiting in the lounge, listening to a police band radio that stood on the table between them. Clarke looked slightly better than when Quinn had last seen him. His face was badly swollen, but someone had attended to the injury and there was a thick strip of sticking plaster across the bridge of his nose.
“Who’s watching the annexe?” Quinn asked.
“No one,” Walker snarled. “We were just deciding how we’re going to get rid of them. Clarke, you get back over there and keep an eye on things.”
Clarke got to his feet and hurried out, looking as if he was glad to get away. Walker took a deep breath in an effort to calm down and then continued less aggressively.
“Have you seen any police?”
“No,” Quinn and Bryant both said in unison.
Walker nodded towards the radio. “You’re all over the police band. They’ve got a description of that bloody car and they even know there’s a bike in the back of it.”
Bryant looked worried. “Shit, that means………..”
“Yes, shit!” Walker interrupted. “We’ll be bloody lucky if we don’t have police banging on the door in the next ten minutes. If you were spotted on the way back and followed, then we’ve had it.”
Quinn looked worried himself. His Irish accent was more pronounced when he was under pressure.
“How could they? I mean, we’d thrown them off completely.”
“Someone in Cadnam saw Tony putting his bike in the car,” Spencer explained. “We’ve been listening to reports for the last two hours. They’ve been stopping every black Volvo they could find and gradually widening the search.”
“Bloody hell,” Bryant said. “We’ll need to get it out of here.”
Walker snorted. “Like hell we will. That thing’s not going anywhere near a public road. In fact get it out of sight in one of the outbuildings now. If it’s locked up, then at least it can’t be spotted from the air.”
Quinn produced the car keys and took a pace towards the door.
“Not you,” Walker barked. “Spencer, you go.” 
Quinn tossed the keys to Spencer, who hurried to do as instructed.
“Wipe it down,” Walker shouted after him. “I don’t want any prints on it.”
Now that he knew what was happening, Walker’s mood had calmed a little and he was starting to think.
“Tell me what happened,” he said, turning his back on Quinn and staring out of the window.
Ten minutes later, they were going over things for a second time when Spencer returned.
“Where have you put it?” Walker demanded.
“In the barn,” Spencer replied. “It’s well out of sight and I’ve put a tarpaulin over it.”
“Good. I’ll get one of the trucks to come down and get rid of it. We’ll dump it up north somewhere, so there’s no link to this place.”
Walker checked his watch, looking decidedly calmer as the minutes ticked by.
“It seems your stop for lunch might have been useful. You must have been off the road when they were stopping cars. By the time you got started again, the search area had widened out.”
“What are we going to do?” Spencer asked, under the impression that he’d missed the decision.
Bryant butted in, “We need to get rid of the woman and her kid Mr Walker. They can i.d. all of us.”
Spencer looked from Walker to Quinn and then back to Walker. He wasn’t happy that the woman had seen him that morning.
Walker didn’t answer for a moment.
“I need to think. You two get out. Go and check outside and make sure there’s no sign that anyone followed the car back. I want to speak to Liam.”
Once Bryant and Spencer had left, Walker turned to Quinn.
“We’ve got another problem. That box Tony picked up is a fake. Ronnie’s been on the phone. Montes says it looks good, really good, but it’s not the real thing. He reckons that to produce such a good copy in the time available they’d have needed help from the M.O.D.”
Quinn swore. “So it’s been a waste of time then. Now we’ve got to dig ourselves out of the mess before it all caves in around us.”
“Maybe,” Walker said.
“What do you mean maybe? You’re surely not going to have a second go at it?”
“No I’m not,” Walker said emphatically. “The whole situation is too bloody hot. We need to get rid of the evidence and get ourselves as far away from this as we can.” 
Walker paced back and forth in front of the window as he went through the options.
“The fake electronics might fool our buyer,” he said, thinking aloud, rather than speaking to Quinn, “but that’s a dangerous game, particularly with the Arabs. No, I think we’ll need to play it straight and see if we can strike a deal on what we’ve got.”
Quinn nodded. Not that Walker would care whether he agreed with him or not. 
“Turner’s wife and kid might be worth something,” he ventured.
Walker didn’t even consider it. “No. Too risky. I want rid of them.”
He stopped pacing, having made a decision.
“In fact I want rid of them today. If the police get their act together or get lucky, they could find this place. That car has been in and out of here regularly over the last few days. People are bound to have seen it. No, I want them out of here and nothing to show that they’ve ever been near the place. We’ll get rid of them at the same time as the car.”
Quinn steeled himself for what was coming next. He knew what Walker was going to say.
“I want you to do it Liam. We’ll do it the same way we did the Scotsman.”
Quinn scowled and turned away so that Walker didn’t see. The Scotsman. Why the hell did it have to be like the Scotsman?
The Scotsman had been a major headache for them two years ago, at the time Walker was involved in a drugs deal. It turned out that he was working undercover for the Met. and had unearthed information that could put both of them away for a long stretch. Liam and John’O had done it between them. John’O had strangled him with a length of nylon rope, while Liam held him down. He could still see the look on the man’s face as he twisted frantically in their grip, clawing at the blue nylon, knowing that death was only a moment away.
They’d disposed of the body on one of the company building sites. That had been the easy bit. They just dropped him into a hole and poured a section of foundation on top of him. There was a block of flats there now. The residents didn’t have a clue that there was a grave beneath their feet.
“Liam!” Walker said.
Quinn pushed the memory aside and concentrated on the matter in hand. “O.k. I’ll do it. I’m not doing the kid though.”
Walker shrugged.
“Bryant can do the kid. He’s not as squeamish as you.”
“When?” Quinn asked.
“Tonight. I’ll get Kenny and John’O to bring the flat-bed down and we’ll move the car once it gets dark. I want it done by the time they’re ready to leave.”
Walker smiled a cold empty smile.
“Good, that’s sorted. You can let Bryant know. I’ll phone Kenny to make the arrangements.”
Walker held the door open for him. An unspoken request for him to go and tell the others.
Quinn stepped outside into the afternoon sun and looked across at the annexe. Despite the warmth, he shivered slightly at the thought of what lay ahead.


Jim was still on the road, driving back to Ringwood when the phone rang on the seat beside him. He picked it up and held it to his ear.
“Hello?”
“Jim.” It was Stephen’s voice. “Where are you going?”
Jim was surprised how calm his father-in-law sounded. He felt far from calm himself, especially with no idea what they did next.
“I’m on my way back. I’ll be with you in twenty minutes or so.”
“No, don’t come back to the office,” Stephen said. “I think I know where they are.”
“How?” Jim asked, a trace of hope obvious in his voice.
Stephen explained. While Mark followed the position of the tracker units on the PC, Stephen had been on another machine working on the telephone number. It had been a long job, but it looked as if it had paid off. The main problem he said, was that with every prepay phone there is no address record and no way to tell who is using it. However, the same isn’t true for the numbers that are called. What Stephen had eventually managed to do, was to hack into the computer system of three separate phone companies and also into the BT network. The BT system had been the problem, but was also the most important. Once he’d done that, he had to write his own program to extract the information that he needed and then run it on their own mainframe. Back at the office, the rumour mill was working overtime, speculating on what was happening. Everyone had been asked to down tools so that the entire system could be given over to the problem. The machinery had hummed away, with Stephen watching, as it traced every number that the mobile had phoned within the last month. Then, for every number that it found, it went on to trace all the telephone numbers that had been phoned from those numbers. The final step was to cross match the full list to find those numbers that were repeated and with what regularity. 
Once he was finished, Stephen had gone down the list pulling more detail manually from the phone company records. The top five numbers included a building company in Camden, a residential address in a respectable London suburb, a firm of accountants, a farm on the edge of Salisbury Plain and another mobile phone.

“So you think it’s the farm?” Jim asked, having listened to what his father-in-law had to say.
“I think there’s a good chance. It’ll take you about an hour and a half in the car, possibly two, but it’s definitely worth checking.”
Jim agreed. It might be a long shot, but what else had they got. There was a parking area coming up on the left and he pulled off the road and stopped, so that he could talk.
“Where is it?” he asked, reaching for the road atlas.”
“It’s in the middle of nowhere, on the A360. The nearest village that’s marked on the map is a place called Wescomb Down.”
Jim followed the A360 until he found it. It really was in the middle of nowhere. There was nothing for miles, except woods, farmland and a couple of minor roads. If someone wanted a remote location to hold a couple of prisoners, it would certainly fit the bill.
“You’re right. I’ll go and have a look.”
“What do you want us to do?” Stephen asked.
“Just sit tight. I’ll let you know what I find when I get there. Maybe you should go home to be with Marion. I’ll keep in touch with Mark by phone and he can track me on the computer system.”
“Yes, you’re right,” Stephen agreed. “Marion will be worried sick. It’s not fair of me to leave her on her own.”
“Has anyone been asking for me at the office?” Jim asked.
“No. Who?”
“Trent and O’Hara said that the Firm were sending someone round. If they do turn up, you don’t know where I am. Tell them I’ve gone home or something.”
Someone interrupted in the background.
“Mark says what about your phone?” 
“Better not answer it,” Jim said. Then thought better of it. “No, we can’t do that. He’ll need to answer it, in case the kidnappers phone. If it’s MI5, tell him to just cut them off.”
“I’ll pass you over,” Stephen said. “He wants a word.”
Mark checked what Jim wanted him to do, then having sorted out the matter of the phone, they agreed to speak when Jim got to the farm. Stephen would go home and wait with Marion. Mark would keep him informed and Stephen could follow Jim’s movements at home on his own PC.
Moments later, Jim was on the move again, trying to decide the quickest way to get to the Salisbury road without going through Ringwood.

Back at Henson’s Farm, Susan was worried. It was nearly 4:00 p.m. and they’d been alone all day. No one had been near them since the remains of their breakfast had been cleared away and there was definitely something going on. The red indicator light on the camera above the door ticked regularly on and off, but she was sure that for the last hour, there had been no one watching at the other end. Earlier that afternoon, whoever was watching them had been summoned to the main house and she was certain that they’ been on their own since. An hour ago, a car had driven into the farmyard and they’d heard raised voices outside. She couldn’t make out what had been said, but it didn’t sound as if the new arrivals had brought good news. Ten minutes later, the front door of the annexe had banged as their guard returned and a little later, they’d heard the sound of another car outside, or perhaps the same one leaving again.
Millie was starting to show the strain of their ordeal. She just lay on the bed and said nothing. Susan had one arm round her, hugging her protectively, but she didn’t know what to do to keep her spirits up. She was having problems in that department herself. It was only the fact that Millie was there and she needed to be strong, that she hadn’t broken down. She blinked quickly at the thought to avoid a tear rolling down her cheek, stroked Millie’s hair and hugged her a little tighter. Things would be alright. They had to be. But a little voice inside her head insisted on interrupting saying – no things won’t, you’ve seen them, they can’t let you go, you know that.

Jim was kept within the speed limit as he drove. The traffic wasn’t heavy, but there was enough of it and he didn’t make good time. The road as far as Salisbury was a clear run, but after that he seemed to get caught behind one lorry after another. It was after 4:00 p.m. by the time he got to his destination, or at least to within a mile of it. He was parked up two hundred yards beyond the turning that would take him past the farm, consulting the road atlas once more. Unfortunately, the scale was far too large and it didn’t tell him much, other than to confirm that he was in the right place. Given the choice, Jim would have liked a decent Ordnance Survey map, but neither of the two that he’d picked up that morning covered this area. According to the road atlas, he should be able to drive past the farm and keep going in the direction of a small village two or three miles away. His best bet was to do just that – drive by and have a look.
He closed the atlas, checked the revolver was in reach and then swung the car round in a u-turn to drive back to the junction. There he took a right turn, onto what was still a fairly good road and drove slowly towards the village, watching the road ahead for the farm turning.
It didn’t take long to find it. A few hundred yards from the junction, he passed a gravel track with a small signpost at the entrance reading ‘Henson’s Farm – Private’. Jim could make out the farm buildings in the distance, set well back from the road. To the left of the track a few cows grazed quietly in open fields, whilst to the right there was a solid wall of conifer trees, stretching the length of the track and disappearing into the distance beyond the buildings. There was nowhere to stop without attracting attention, so he drove on until the view of the farm was cut off by the trees.
The woods looked quite extensive. There was still no end to them by the time Jim stopped about half a mile further on. The trees had thinned a little and had changed to a mixture of conifers and broad-leaves and he had just missed a dirt track that led into them on his left. 
Jim put the Toyota into reverse, turned round and with one arm over the back of his seat, drove back to where he could see the break in the trees.
The track into the woods was deeply rutted and very muddy, but the Toyota coped with it well. Thirty yards in, the track forked and an area had been cleared on the left which was criss-crossed with old tyre tracks. Jim eased the car out of the ruts and switched off the engine. The left hand track looked like it led in the direction of the farm, but he was reluctant to take the car, preferring instead a more silent approach.
Before leaving the car, Jim checked what he needed. He still had the rucksack that he’d hastily packed that morning. It was hard to believe he’d done that just a few hours ago. The rucksack still held the box of shells, his green, rubber armoured binoculars, the two useless Ordnance Survey maps and Marion’s kitchen knife. Jim had taken the revolver out earlier, but had found that it wouldn’t fit in his pocket. While trying to force it, he had managed to rip the stitching and the gun had now found a home for itself between the lining and the outer shell. In his other pocket were the two GPS units. The one that was switched on went into his left trouser pocket and the other, still marked with its red insulating tape, went into his right.
The wheel wrench still lay on the passenger seat with Mark’s mobile phone and Jim picked up both and dropped the wrench into the rucksack. It took him a moment to discover how to switch off the ring tone on the phone, then before he put it away, he phoned Mark to let him know that he’d arrived.
Mark answered straight away.
“Mark?”
“Yes.”
“It’s Jim. I’ve just got here.”
“I know,” Mark replied.
Jim looked at the circle of open sky above him. It was strange to think of a satellite somewhere up there that could pinpoint his position to within a couple of metres.
“I’m about half a mile away,” Jim said. “There’s a wood that runs right next to the farm. I’ll get in as close as I can on foot and see if I can see what’s going on.”
“Be careful,” Mark said.
“Don’t worry,” Jim replied. “I’m not taking any chances.”
“We’ve had a phone call,” Mark said.
“From MI5?” Jim asked.
“Yes.”
“On the mobile?”
“No, they phoned the office for you.”
“What did you tell them?”
“I think it was someone you know. Archie Long he said. He’s on his way down. I told him I didn’t know where you were, but we were expecting you back later this afternoon.”
Jim thought for a moment. Should he phone him? No, better not to for the time being. He would have a look at the farm first and then decide how to play it.
“Thanks Mark, that was good. If he turns up, make him comfortable and ask him to wait. I’ll phone you once I’ve had a look at the place.”
“Will do,” Mark confirmed.
Jim hung up, then put the phone in a pocket of the rucksack before locking the car.
The left hand track looked promising. It went in the right direction and Jim was less likely to be seen than if he went by the road. Here the woods were a mixture of deciduous and conifer trees and it looked as if the track had been made by a tractor or perhaps a lorry, when the woods had been thinned. Every so often there were stumps where trees had been felled, although it looked as if the work had been carried out a long time ago.
As he got nearer to the farm, the track began to peter out and the native trees ended at a barbed wire fence, beyond which there was nothing but dark green conifer. These were planted much closer together and what little space there was beneath them, was dark and forbidding, with the interlocking branches shutting out much of the light from above.
Jim followed the barbed wire until he thought he might be level with the farm buildings and then climbed the fence, forcing his way through the trees, trying to be as quiet as possible. There was the occasional snap of a twig as he made his way forward, but for the most part his progress was quiet – partly due to the thick carpet of pine needles that lay underfoot.
After a hundred yards, Jim could see the edge of the plantation ahead, where light streamed in beneath the branches. He stopped no more than fifteen feet from the edge. 
Lying flat on his stomach, he could see out between the remaining trunks to open fields beyond. There was another barbed wire fence at this side and beyond that, a field of cattle. The farm buildings were nowhere to be seen, so he crawled forward on hands and knees until he was just behind the tall grass that grew right up to the wire.
To his right were open fields, whilst to the left, no more than fifty yards away, was a stone built house, overlooking a large garden and the countryside beyond.
Jim retreated and carefully made his way towards the house, moving slowly, parallel to the edge of the wood. After sixty or seventy paces, he stopped and made his way back to the wire. This time he was level with the buildings themselves. He could see that the nearest was in fact the farm house and that it stood at the back of a large yard, enclosed at the far end by a barn and at the opposite side by a row of outbuildings. 
Edging back into the trees, Jim slipped the rucksack from his shoulder and took out the binoculars that he’d used so often in similar surroundings, to watch a woodpecker or a lone deer in the woods beyond their garden.
The binoculars were not powerful, but the distance to the farm wasn’t great, so Jim made himself comfortable and settled down to watch and to wait.
SIXTEEN


From his position in the trees Jim had a good view of the farmhouse and of the yard behind it. The farmyard was open to this side, with buildings surrounding it on the other three, which meant he was ideally placed to see what was going on.
Two vehicles were parked by the house – a fairly new silver BMW and a dirty white van that had seen better days. There was also a garage and all the outbuildings, so it was possible there were other cars under cover. The number of vehicles didn’t necessarily tally with the number of people he reminded himself, but it was always a good indication.
Whilst the farmhouse had looked impressive from a distance, closer inspection through the binoculars showed it to be in poor repair. Almost every piece of woodwork needed painting or replacing, vegetation was growing from the gutters and the roof must surely leak, judging by the number of tiles that were missing. The white van was spattered with concrete and looked as if it might belong to a building firm, although there was no company name on the side. That could quite easily tie in with Stephen’s information. One of the numbers on his telephone list was a building firm in Camden.
Jim took his time scanning the buildings and the yard, making a note of any small detail that might be important. If he was to go in for a closer look, he wanted to know where the cover was, where he might be spotted and the best route in. He also needed to know which parts of the building were occupied and which weren’t.
He was just about to move to check the back of the outbuildings, when the door to the farmhouse opened and two men stepped out. One was in his twenties, tall and muscular. Not particularly heavy, but with the look of someone that was in good shape and could look after himself. The other by contrast was overweight, with a beer belly bulging over his trousers and a cigarette hanging from the corner of his mouth. Jim knew which he would prefer if it came to a fight.
The two figures crossed the yard, deep in conversation and entered the single storey annexe immediately opposite. Moments later, a third man, possibly mid-twenties, dressed in heavy jeans and work boots came out and crossed back to the house. Jim trained the binoculars on him as he passed. It looked as if he had been in a fight, his face was swollen and there was a large strip of tape across the bridge of his nose. As if on cue, the man raised his hand and rubbed at it, as if it were bothering him.
At least three people then. Probably more. Maybe the fat man was in charge and the other two were the muscle. Jim edged backwards into the wood until he was well out of sight, turned ninety degrees to his left and counted off fifty paces in the direction of the main road, before making his way back to the edge of the trees once more.
From this new angle, Jim had the farmyard to his right and he could see the back of the outbuildings that the two men had entered. At the far end of the row, the wall of a large barn rose above the rest of the buildings, whilst at the near end there was a two storey cattle shed with a series of small barred windows to the back. Sandwiched in the middle was a single storey annexe, which looked like further living accommodation. It had two windows at the back, one giving a view of the fields behind and a smaller one, with frosted glass, which appeared to be a bathroom.
If he was to get closer, this would be the best approach. There were two trees at the corner of the building, a low hawthorn hedge that ran alongside the track, that would give him some cover and only one window from which he might be seen. The barn at the far end was half derelict, with sheets of corrugated iron nailed to the walls and several missing boards, which should give him easy access.
Jim took a minute to examine the buildings once more and then made his decision. There was nothing to be gained by hanging around. He needed to go in for a closer look.
Leaving the rucksack behind in the trees, he crept forward to the barbed wire. There was no sign of anyone in either direction, so he quickly climbed the fence, crossed the track and ducked down at the corner of the building, beneath the two trees. 
Although there was cover at the corner, the rest of the route to the barn was totally exposed. Bending double, Jim ran to the single storey annexe and paused by the first window. The small hopper at the top was propped open to let in some air and Jim could hear the sound of a radio playing inside. He ducked under the sill so that he didn’t cast a shadow on the frosted glass and moved on to the second window. The second was firmly shut and he could see the edge of a kitchen unit on the wall inside. Resisting the urge to take a better look, he ducked under it and ran for the barn at the far end.
The barn was literally falling apart. A number of planks were missing and those that weren’t were half rotten. Jim peered carefully around the corner of the building to see what lay beyond. The barn ran the full length of the farm yard, presumably joining up with the farmhouse on the opposite side, although he couldn’t see the house from here.
Behind the barn were just open fields. Half a dozen cattle grazed in the nearest, whilst beyond them the fields were planted with a cereal crop.
If anything, the barn was in a worse state at the back, where it was exposed to the weather. Jim stepped around the corner, relieved to be out of sight of the track and looked for a way in. There were plenty of options. A few feet from the corner two boards were broken and there was an eight inch gap. Jim bent down and peered through into the building beyond. 
The barn looked almost empty. There were bales of hay stacked at one end, a few pieces of farm machinery and something larger near the front, which had been covered with a grey tarpaulin. The general gloom inside was pierced by a dozen or more shafts of light where the sun shone in through the broken boards and there was a small pool of sunlight at one end, where a section of roof was missing.
Jim pulled at one of the timbers and nearly fell over backwards when it came away in his hand, leaving a gap big enough for him to squeeze through. Once inside, it was clear that the barn wasn’t in regular use. The bales of hay that were stacked at one end were grey with age and looked as if they were only fit for the compost heap. The farm machinery was covered with a thick layer of dust and only the large oblong shape by the door looked as if it had been a recent addition. Jim walked over to it and lifted one corner of the tarpaulin. There was a car underneath: a black Volvo. His stomach turned over and he stepped round to the back to check its number plate. It was the same one that had followed him on Sunday morning. His hand shook as he pulled the tarpaulin further back, being careful not to make any noise. In the dim light, he could just make out the shape of a mountain bike in the back, one wheel missing – which he saw was propped behind it against the back seat.
Jim took a deep breath and let it out slowly, trying to keep calm as he felt inside his jacket pocket for the GPS tube. Should he switch it on and summon help? It looked like Stephen’s information was correct. His thumb rested on the switch for a moment and then he withdrew his hand, leaving it where it was. What if Susan and Millie weren’t here? He needed to know before he took the next step. 
His train of thought was interrupted by the sound of a car outside. He pulled the tarpaulin back into place and stepped forward to the large double doors, pressing one eye to the narrow gap in between. Although the field of view was small, he could see most of the farmyard and part of the farmhouse itself. A car had drawn up, just beyond the silver BMW and the driver, a man in his early forties, dressed in a jacket and tie, stepped out. The odds were getting worse.
The newcomer dropped a cigarette butt on the ground, stepped on it and hurried into the house. Jim waited for a few moments and then, when there was no sign of further activity, he put a hand between the barn’s sliding doors and opened them a fraction to get a better view.

Archie pulled off the dual carriageway into a lay-by and reached for his phone. He’d tried Jim twice already and left a message each time, but he still hadn’t managed to speak to him.
He dialled Jim’s number again, waited while it rang at the other end and then disconnected the call when it transferred to voicemail. He reached over the back seat, pulled his briefcase over to the front and dug out his diary. He remembered writing down the number for Jim’s parents-in-law. He’d try that.
This time the phone was answered at the third ring.
“Hello?”
“Hello is that Stephen Reid?”
“Yes. Who’s that?” Stephen said uncertainly.
“Mr Reid, it’s Archie Long. I’m a friend of Jim’s. I’m the one that sent the package to your house the other day. I need to get hold of Jim and I’m getting no answer at all on his mobile.”
“Oh,” Stephen said. There was a long pause before he continued. “I’m not sure I know where he is.”
“You’re not sure or you don’t know?” Archie asked, sensing that Stephen knew more than he wanted to tell.”
“No, I don’t know,” Stephen said with more self-assurance. “I left him at our office in Ringwood a few hours ago, but if he’s not there, I couldn’t tell you where he is.”
“Thank you anyway,” Archie said. “I’m on my way to the office just now. If he’s not there I’ll see if they know where I can reach him. Is there someone in authority there who I can speak to?”
Stephen paused again before he answered.
“Yes. Have a word with Mark Brennan. Jim was with him when I left.”
Archie thanked him and put the phone down. 
In Ringwood, Stephen also put the phone down, but immediately picked it up again. He needed to warn Mark that Archie was on his way. 

Half an hour later, Archie pulled into the car park at Reid & Sutton and found an empty space at the far end. As he walked towards the entrance, he passed Jim’s Land Rover where Wolf barked at him twice from the back seat, warning him not to come any closer.
Once inside, Archie was asked to take a seat by the receptionist, a pleasant woman in her mid thirties, while she tried to call Jim. As he took a seat she put the phone down and asked if he would like a coffee, but he politely refused.
Ten minutes later he was still there. There was no sign of anyone coming to meet him, so he walked over to the desk to ask what was happening. The receptionist looked a little flustered, but asked him to have a seat again and she would phone once more.
“If Jim Turner isn’t in I’d like to speak to Mark Brennan,” Archie said, as he returned to his seat.
Another five minutes ticked by and Archie strode back to the desk in annoyance.
“Look!” he said, slapping his i.d. card down in front of the woman. “This is urgent. I want to speak to someone in authority and I want to speak to them now!”
The poor woman picked up the phone again as Archie stood over her and after a moment she smiled politely and said, “Mr Brennan will be down straight away.”
Straight away turned out to be another five minutes and Archie was just about to threaten the receptionist with a charge of obstructing the authorities, when a tall, slightly unkempt man with large round glasses strode into reception and held out his hand.
“Mr Long. I’m so sorry. I’m afraid I’ve kept you waiting. Please forgive me.”
Archie was prepared to vent his frustration at sitting around for so long, but held his tongue until he heard what Brennan had to say.
“Come through. Come through,” Mark said, ushering Archie into the main building. “We’ll go up to my office; it’s just up the stairs.”
“Is Jim Turner here?” Archie asked as they walked down the corridor.
“I’m sorry. I’m afraid he’s not.” 
“His Land Rover’s outside.”
“Oh, is it?” Mark said uncertainly, taken by surprise.
“His dog is still in there. Wolf isn’t it? Jim can’t be far. When are you expecting him back?”
They arrived at Mark’s office and Mark ushered Archie in, closing the door behind them.
“Actually Mr Long, I’m not sure where he is. I understand he’s got some sort of family crisis.”
“What sort of crisis?”
“I’m afraid I can’t tell you.”
“Can’t tell me, or don’t want to tell me,” Archie asked, putting his MI5 credentials down on the desk for inspection.
“Well, it’s a little awkward.”
Archie had taken his phone out at the same time as the i.d.
“Let me try him again. If I can’t get hold of him, I’m afraid I really will need to insist on your co-operation.”
There was a sudden look of panic on Mark’s face and Archie realised why, when a moment later they heard the muffled sound of a phone ringing from within Mark’s desk. Archie disconnected the call and pressed the redial button. The ringing stopped for a moment and then started again. Archie got to his feet and strode round the desk. Mark didn’t put up any protest as he opened the drawer to find Jim’s mobile phone lying there on top of a pile of paperwork. The display was lit up with a telltale message – ‘Archie Long’ and he reached into the drawer to pick it up.
“I don’t think you’ve been entirely truthful with me Mr Brennan. Have you?”

After the awkward introduction, Archie found that he liked Mark Brennan and the two got on well. He couldn’t really blame him for concealing what was happening, especially when Jim had asked him to do so. When it became clear that it was Archie who had supplied the GPS units and the information on O’Hara in the first place, Mark became more co-operative. Ten minutes later they were on first name terms and both had accepted that they should be working together.
“So how long has he been there?” Archie asked as the two stood in front of the computer screen in Stephen’s office.
“About twenty minutes. He phoned me when he got there and he said he’ll phone again as soon as he’s checked the place out. Do you think I should ring him?”
Archie looked at his watch. “No, don’t do that. Jim knows what he’s doing. We’ll wait if he said that he’d call.”
The two sat down to wait and Archie wondered how long it would be before he got a call from control asking him for an update.
Forty-five minutes later, Archie was still sitting calmly by the P.C. but Mark was clearly worried.
“Surely we should have heard from him by now?” he said. “It’s been over an hour.”
“Possibly,” Archie agreed. He looked down at the piece of paper on which he’d jotted Jim’s movements over the course of the last 40 minutes. The tracker unit was accurate to within a few metres and they’d been able to follow Jim as he moved around, obviously checking the place out. Having said that, he should have reported back by now, even if it was only to confirm that he was o.k.
Would Jim have remembered to switch his phone to silent? Yes, don’t be stupid Archie told himself, Jim wouldn’t forget something that basic. Would a phone call put him at risk? Unlikely.
“O.k. Give him a ring,” Archie said.
Mark handed the phone over. “Here, I’d prefer it if you did.”

With a bigger gap between the barn doors, Jim could see the length of the farmyard and the buildings on both sides. The first thing that struck him was the window at the front of the annexe. The angle from his position in the woods had not given him a good view, as the building was set back from the cattle shed and the storerooms on its right. From here, he could see that the window next to the entrance had been painted over in white paint.
Jim pulled back from the opening and glanced at the car, his heart beating a little faster. This had to be the place. Why would anyone paint over a window, except to prevent someone from seeing out or from being seen?
As he stepped forward to take another look, Mark’s phone vibrated in his pocket, rattling against the wood of the barn door and making him jump back in alarm.
He took out the phone and pressed it to his ear. “Hi Mark.”
“Actually it’s Archie,” a familiar voice replied.
“Archie. How on earth?”
“Never mind,” Archie replied. “I’ll explain later. I’m at your office with Mark. We’ve been watching you on the computer. What’s happening?”
Jim kept his voice low as he replied, explaining what he’d found at the farm. What a relief it was to hear Archie’s voice at the other end. He could almost see an end to all of this. Archie could alert MI5 or get the police and they’d have the place cordoned off in no time.”
“Are you sure Susan and Millie are there?” Archie asked.
“Pretty sure. It looks as if they’re being held in an outbuilding opposite the farmhouse. There’s a window at the back with bars on it but it’s frosted glass. I reckon it’s a bathroom or a toilet. I’m going back for another look.”
“Do you want me to wait before I call it in?”
“No. Do it now. How long do you think before you can get them here?”
Archie thought for a moment before replying. “Well, I can have the local police there in less than half an hour, but to be honest you’d be better waiting for our guys. The locals won’t be armed and it doesn’t sound as if they’re going anywhere. I reckon we could be there in an hour and a half.”
Jim wanted to get it over as soon as possible but he knew that what Archie said made sense.
“O.k.…………. I agree. I’ll sit tight and try to do a headcount before you arrive.”
“How many so far?” Archie asked.
“At least four that I’ve seen. I reckon there could be more in the farmhouse. Say six or seven in total.”
“Armed?” 
“Can’t tell. Looks well organised though. I’d expect so.”
“Shouldn’t be a problem,” Archie said. “I’ll make sure there are enough of us and I’ll get the local police to close the roads. Give me ten minutes to call it in and then switch the other tracking unit on so they can get a fix on you.”
“Will do,” Jim agreed.
Once he’d put the phone away Jim watched the yard for another few minutes, trying to decide if it was safe to look at the back of the outbuildings again, or whether he should just stay put. After some thought he decided to risk it and retraced his steps to the back of the barn, crouching down at the broken boards to check that all was clear outside.

In their prison, Susan was trying to remain positive but without much success. Her left arm had gone to sleep where Millie was leaning against it, but she didn’t want to move in case she disturbed her. She wasn’t asleep, but she was a lot calmer than she had been. Susan’s ankle was sore where the chain was wrapped around it, but at least it didn’t seem to be cutting off the circulation.
The radio was playing something from the charts, which had a persistent tapping noise in the background. At least it sounded like tapping noise.
Suddenly she realised that the tapping was coming from the bathroom.
“Millie! Listen. Can you hear anything?”
Millie sat up.
“What?”
“Listen. Can you hear it? There’s a tapping noise coming from the bathroom.”
Millie listened and then nodded slowly.
“Go and have a look.”
Millie slid off the bed and stood up, looking at her mother uncertainly.
“Go on. I’m stuck here. You’ll need to see what it is.”
Millie walked cautiously to the bathroom and stopped at the doorway. There was a shadow on the window and a steady noise as someone tapped on the glass with something hard.
Millie rushed back to the bed. “There’s someone there,” she whispered.
Susan grabbed her daughter’s wrist, hoping against the odds that help might have arrived.
“You have to go and see who it is.”
Millie shook her head. “No. I don’t want to,” she protested. “I’m scared.”
“You have to,” Susan insisted.
With a lot of coaxing, Millie eventually crept back to the bathroom door and then stepped inside. She could still see the shadow of someone beyond the glass and a steady tap, tap on the window.
“Who is it?” Millie asked.
“Millie. Thank God.” A familiar voice whispered from the other side of the glass.
“Daddy!”
Millie took a couple of paces into the room and then with sudden realisation she glanced at the camera and hesitated, before the solution came to her and she dropped her trousers and sat on the toilet, staring straight ahead of her.
“Daddy. Is that you?” she asked hesitantly.
“Millie. Are you alright?”
Millie fought to prevent the tears from coming. Tearing a few sheets of paper from the toilet roll, she blew her nose loudly and then said in a low voice.
“You’ve come to get us haven’t you?”
Jim stood just outside, his face pressed against the wall next to the open window, both fists clenched, until the knuckles were white.
“Yes darling. Are you o.k?”
“We’re o.k.”
“Where’s your Mum?”
Millie stood up and started to pull her trousers up. “She’s in the other room. She can’t come in because she’s chained up. I’ll tell her.”
“No wait.” Jim tried to stop her, but Millie had already disappeared into the other room.
Jim waited, his back pressed against the brickwork, conscious that he was in plain view if someone should come up the farm track from the road.
A moment later Millie returned and he could hear the sound of running water.
“What are you doing?” Jim whispered through the window.
“I’m pretending to wash my hands in case they’re watching me on the camera.”
Jim’s hand was resting on the windowsill and he quickly pulled it back and stepped away from the glass.
“Tell me about the room that you’re locked in.”
Their whispered conversation only lasted for a minute or two as Jim prompted his daughter for information that might prove useful. In that time he got a good idea of their situation: the layout of the two rooms, the cameras, how Susan had been chained up and more worryingly their attempted escape and the fact that they’d seen their captors and heard their names.
“Millie. Tell Susan the police are on their way. They’ll be here in just over an hour. Tell her you both need to pretend that nothing is different until they arrive.”
“I will,” Millie promised.
“I’ve got to go now, but don’t worry, you’ll be out soon.”
The sound of running water stopped and Jim heard his daughter hurry into the other room, before he turned and retraced his steps to the barn.
Confined to her position on the bed, Susan was physically shaking as she strained to hear what was going on in the bathroom, but all she could make out was the occasional word. Two minutes later, Millie hurried back, the expression on her face transformed as she jumped onto the bed beside her.
“Tell me,” Susan demanded in an urgent whisper, putting an arm round her daughter so that any observer would see no change from before.
“Daddy’s here,” Millie said quietly. “He’s on his own, but he says the police are coming. We’ve to pretend that we don’t know until they get here.”
Thank God. Susan thought to herself, holding Millie tighter. Everything was going to be alright.

When he got back to the barn the first thing that Jim did was to phone Archie. Mark answered straight away.
“Jim.”
“Mark. They’re here. I’ve spoken to Millie. Has Archie reported in?”
Jim let out a sigh of relief when Mark confirmed that he had.
“He’s not here,” Mark explained. “He’s on his way. I’ve to make sure that you’ve got his number and tell you he’ll be with you as soon as possible.
Jim was just about to reply, when there was a rumbling noise from the front of the barn. Light started to flood in as one of the heavy doors started to slide back on its runners as first an arm and then a shoulder appeared in the gap, as someone leant their weight against the door to push it open.
To his credit, Jim didn’t panic. He stuck the phone in his pocket and dived for cover behind the Volvo, landing heavily and rolling behind the car just as someone stepped inside. 
As whoever it was walked towards the car, Jim hurriedly lifted the tarpaulin and crawled beneath it. It was a tight squeeze, but there was just room for him between the floor of the barn and the underside of the car. Jim lay flat on his back, his head turned sideways and his cheek pressed against the exhaust.
The footsteps stopped inches from his head and the tarpaulin was pulled back, giving him a close-up view of a pair of black boots and denim jeans. Jim shrank back as far as he could go, but the boots were still only inches away.
“Hey, what are you doing?” a voice shouted from the door in an Irish accent.
The man by the car tried to lift the back, but it was locked. 
“I want my bike,” he said.
“No chance,” the Irish voice replied and a second pair of legs joined the first. “Mr Walker wants rid of the evidence and that includes the bike.”
“Come off it Liam, that’s mine.”
“Tough,” the Irish voice replied. “You can get a new one.”
“No way. Come on. How do you open it?”
“Listen Tony, I’m serious. Walker doesn’t want anything left around that can link us to this and neither do I. It’s not worth the risk – especially when it’s you and me that would carry the can for doing the woman and the kid. Come on, you can get a new one. Walker will pay for it.”
Bryant conceded the point reluctantly and let the tarpaulin drop back into place.
“When do we do it?” he asked without a trace of emotion.
“Half an hour,” Quinn replied. “Kenny and John’O will be here with the truck any time now. Walker wants us to wait for them.
“Why?” 
Quinn gave a mirthless laugh. “So everyone’s in no doubt that they’re involved. Walker likes the odds on his side. He knows no one is going to talk if they’ll go down as an accessory to murder.”
Bryant grunted. “He’s probably right.”
“Yeah? Well he’s a cold bastard.”
The feet belonging to the Irishman turned away. 
“You coming?”
“Guess so.”
The black boots followed and a moment later the door rumbled back on its runners and the barn returned to its normal gloom.
Jim got out from beneath the car, his mouth dry and his pulse racing. He couldn’t think. What was he going to do? He had half an hour if he was lucky, but the police and the team from MI5 were more than an hour away.
SEVENTEEN


Jim just stood there, not knowing what to do. He took out the phone and started to dial, then cancelled the call and put it away. He pulled the revolver from the lining of his jacket, stepped over to the barn door, put a hand on it and then stopped and put the gun away also. He needed time to think. The problem was he didn’t have any.
He walked over to the bales of hay and sat down, holding his head in his hands. Come on. He thought to himself. Come on. Think! You haven’t got long.
He went through things systematically. Could he rely on help? No. Help was at least an hour away. If he phoned, the local police might get here but he doubted it. This place was in the middle of nowhere. He took the phone out again and put it on a bale beside him. He needed to phone Archie and let him know the situation. Maybe he could come up with something. Could Jim delay things here? Again maybe – but he couldn’t rely on it. No, there was only one option. He needed to get Susan and Millie out and he needed to get them out now.
His brain was suddenly in gear and working on the problem like it used to. He got to his feet and wandered around the barn thinking. How to do it? How to do it? There must be at least four or five of them, but they were split up, so the odds weren’t that bad. If he was right, there were two in the same building as Susan and Millie and at least two others, probably more, in the farmhouse. He needed to act now, before two more arrived with the truck, but more importantly before they did whatever it was they had planned.
If he took the annexe could he defend it until help arrived? No that wasn’t an option; they were bound to be armed. Too risky. Susan and Millie were in there.
Could he get them out? If he could, the woods would give them cover until help arrived, assuming that they could get to them. Where was the weak point? There was always a weak point. What was vulnerable? The back of the building. Yes, that was the obvious choice.
The plan suddenly came together in Jim’s head and he snatched up the phone from where he’d left it. Stepping over to the car he tried the doors. All were locked, apart from the driver’s which opened with a pull on the handle. He reached in and pulled the rear view mirror off, then closed the door gently and let the tarpaulin fall back into place. Hurrying to the rear of the barn he looked out through the broken boards and with no one in sight, he squeezed through. 
At the end of the building Jim checked around the corner and then sprinted the short distance to the back of the annexe. Once there he crouched down and held the mirror to the edge of the window frame, giving him a clear view of the room inside. There was no sign of anyone, so he leant forward and peered round the edge. Inside, there was a small kitchen, with a table in front of the window, kitchen units on two walls and at the far end, an open door which led to a sitting room beyond. The kitchen was next to the bathroom, where he had spoken to Millie earlier and it didn’t appear there was anything between them other than a dividing wall. 
Jim saw the shadow of a man on the floor in the doorway and he quickly stepped back, ducked below the windowsill and hurried on to the second window. There he tapped quietly but urgently on the frosted glass, waiting for a response from inside. Moments later he heard Millie’s voice and he raised the mirror to the open hopper and caught a glimpse of his daughter.
“Millie.”
“Yes.”
“I’m going to get you out. I need to go for the car, but I’ll be back in five minutes. Don’t come back to the bathroom. You have to stay in the other room. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” a small voice answered.
“Good. Tell your mum I won’t be long. We’ll all need to run, so you’ll have to be ready.”
“Wait!” Millie whispered urgently, a note of panic in her voice. “She can’t. She’s chained up.”
“I know,” Jim whispered back. “You told me. Don’t worry, I’ve thought of that. I can’t stop. Be ready in five minutes.”

As he was talking, Jim moved the mirror backwards and forwards at the edge of the frame, getting a reasonable idea of what lay beyond. The bathroom was the same size as the kitchen and he was confident that what he planned would work.
Still conscious of the need for speed, Jim bent to check the outer wall of the annexe, then the ground immediately behind it and then he ran for the corner of the building and the cover of the trees. There was no sign of anyone to his left or to his right so he crossed the track, paused in indecision for a moment, then climbed the barbed wire fence, picked up his rucksack and then climbed back to sprint down the track. As he ran, he turned to look back and prayed that no one would appear behind him or turn in from the road.
Once on the tarmac, Jim slowed down. The car was too far for him to go flat out and he opted for a steadier pace. How long would it take him to do the three-quarters of a mile back to the Toyota? Four or five minutes? He lengthened his stride slightly and tried not to think of the consequences if he was late. As he ran, he pulled the phone from his trouser pocket and dialled Archie.
Archie answered immediately and without pausing to let him speak, Jim blurted out what was happening, struggling to talk as he ran. 
“Where are you now?” Jim panted.
“I’m somewhere between Amesbury and Shrewton,” Archie replied. “Shit Jim. I’m nowhere near you. Ness and his guys might be closer and Trent and O’Hara will probably be there first, but I wouldn’t count on any help within the next half an hour.”
“It’s o.k.” Jim gasped, catching sight of the track in the distance. “I wasn’t. Just get someone here as soon as you can. Got to go.”
He slid the phone back into a pocket and picked up his pace now that the track was in sight. Less than two minutes later he skidded to a stop beside the car, paused, hands on knees to take two or three deep breaths, then flung open the door and climbed behind the wheel.
The engine roared into life as Jim pumped the accelerator and turned the car, bouncing it wildly over the rutted track until he got to the point where it joined the main road. There he stopped for a few seconds to make some adjustments. Reaching below the seat, his hand fumbled for the seat adjustment, found it and he pushed the seat back as far as it would go. He could still reach the steering wheel at arm’s length, but had to sit forward to be able to drive. After plugging the seat belt in, he sat right back to check that it took up the slack and then leaned forward again. Yes, that was fine.
Taking the kitchen knife, Jim discarded its wrapping of kitchen roll and with a mental apology for what he was about to do to Mark’s car, he buried the blade in the passenger seat, up to the hilt. The handle stuck up about six inches from his left leg and would be within easy reach.
The wheel wrench was easy. He needed it, but not immediately – it would be fine in the glove compartment for now.
The gun was a problem. He needed to reach it quickly, but he couldn’t leave it on the seat. He thought of putting it in the door pocket and wedging it with something but decided against it. Rather than waste time, he left it where it was, inside his jacket with the pocket zipped up so that it couldn’t fall out.
Jim glanced at his wristwatch as he turned onto the road and put his foot down. It was more than fifteen minutes since he’d overheard the conversation in the barn. He prayed that the men bringing the truck weren’t ahead of schedule.
There was no traffic on the road and the short distance to the farm took no time at all. From the end of the gravel track, the farm looked completely innocent. Jim turned off the road and heard the gravel crunch under the wheels as he drove towards the buildings. How long before he could be heard from the annexe? Would anyone pay any attention anyway?
Half way up the track, Jim gunned the engine and the big machine threw itself forward as he changed up the gears and put the steering wheel hard to his left. Two fence posts disappeared under the front of the car with a loud crack as they snapped at ground level and a strand of barbed wire whipped away to his left as it stretched and then snapped under tension. In the field, half a dozen cows stared curiously in his direction, but seemed completely unconcerned by the intrusion.
The ground between the track and the annexe was bumpy, but the Land Cruiser took it well, its wheels bouncing up and down on the long travel suspension. The speedometer rose steadily to thirty and then thirty-five and on towards forty as the brickwork and the windows rushed towards him.
Jim pushed himself back into the seat and braced himself. He caught a brief glimpse of someone staring out of the kitchen window, a look of horror on their face, before the Toyota smashed into the wall, ploughing through it and into the room beyond.
In front of him, the driver’s airbag exploded from the centre of the steering wheel and Jim felt the seat belt tensioner pull him deep into the driver’s seat, as the car decelerated from forty to zero in the space of ten feet. 
It was over in a split second. The car groaned as it settled backwards and then stopped, leaning over at an angle of twenty degrees. Jim wrenched the knife from the passenger seat and stabbed furiously at the airbag in front of him. His other hand fumbled in his jacket for the gun and as his fingers closed around it, the airbag fell away revealing the scene beyond.
The fat man that he’d seen in the farmyard lay crumpled like a rag doll in the corner of the kitchen, half buried under rubble and the remains of the kitchen table. Through the living room door, Clarke stared at him in disbelief. Jim wrenched the gun from his jacket, ripping the lining even more and shot him twice in the chest through the broken windscreen.
Although his heart was pounding and adrenalin pumped through his system, Jim had to remain focused on what needed to be done. The driver’s door was wedged shut, so after freeing the seatbelt, he kicked out the windscreen and climbed over the bonnet. The front of the car had concertinaed to half its normal length, absorbing most of the impact and the bonnet buckled under his weight as he climbed across it.
The kitchen was a mess. Half the back wall had been demolished, along with one corner of the bathroom. What remained of the bathroom sink was wedged beneath the Toyota’s front wheels and water from a severed pipe sprayed across the floor to mix with oil and coolant that was dripping from the car’s engine.
Ignoring the hole that led to Susan and Millie, Jim climbed over the rubble and half fell through the door to the living room. Clarke lay on his back, staring up at the ceiling with lifeless eyes, one arm flung outwards towards the door as if pointing the way. A pool of blood grew beneath him, slowly soaking into the threadbare carpet.
Jim stepped over the body and rushed to secure the front door. Luck was with him. The key was still in the lock and he turned it, quickly throwing home the bolt that was beneath it. On the way back, he glanced through the living room window. The door to the farmhouse was still shut. Surely they must have heard the crash? He didn’t wait to find out. Stepping over Clarke’s body, he picked his way over the kitchen rubble, collected the wrench from the car and then ducked through the hole that led to the bathroom and the bedroom beyond.

Susan and Millie knelt on the bed, hugging each other tightly. Jim rushed over and flung his arms around them, an enormous sense of relief coming over him as he saw they were unharmed.
“Jim...!” Susan wailed, suddenly losing all self control and breaking down in tears. Her shoulders shook as she sobbed, clinging to him as if she would never let go.
All Jim wanted to do was stand there and hold them, but he couldn’t. He prised one arm loose and tried to free himself from her grip.
“Listen,” he said urgently, catching Susan by the shoulders and making her look at him.
“Listen to me! Listen! We haven’t got time. You need to help.”
She nodded and let go. Jim picked up the chain and followed it to its anchor point on the wall.
“Millie. Go to the bathroom and get me a brick.”
Producing the wheel wrench, Jim began to attack the wall. One end had a flat, screwdriver shaped blade for removing the car’s hubcaps and Jim hacked at the wall with it, tearing lumps of plaster away to expose the brickwork below.
Millie reappeared at his side.
“Here Daddy,” she said, as if it had been a perfectly normal request.
Jim inserted the blade of the wrench between the chain’s mounting plate and the wall. Then, taking hold of the brick, he used it as a hammer, driving the wrench into the gap where the plaster had been.
The metal bent slowly as he prised it away from the wall but refused to give way.
Outside a door slammed and they heard voices and footsteps rushing across the yard. A moment later the front door rattled as someone tried to come in.
“Off! Get off.” Jim demanded, taking Susan’s arm and pulling her off the bed.
The wrench was still wedged firmly between the mounting plate and the wall. Jim heaved the bed onto its side, slid one of its metal legs behind the wrench and threw his weight against it. The extra leverage made all the difference. There was a sudden crack and the ring came away, leaving a hole the size of a tennis ball in the wall behind it.
Outside someone was hammering on the front door and they heard a heavy thud as at least two people threw their weight against it.
“Go!” Jim ordered. “Into the bathroom.”
He gathered up the loose chain and thrust it at Susan. For a moment he thought she couldn’t manage. She was sobbing. More quietly now – half in relief and half in fear, but she managed to keep hold of the chain and stumble awkwardly towards the back of the building.
In the bathroom Jim pushed Susan and Millie ahead of him towards the hole in the wall where the sink had once been. 
“Come on. Get out. Quick as you can.”
As he said it, there was a sharp crack from the living room and then the sound of the window disintegrating as something solid was heaved through it. With revolver in hand, Jim stepped over to the door, put his arm round and fired twice. One bullet buried itself harmlessly in the far wall, but the second found the TV monitor, destroying it with a bang as the tube exploded in a shower of broken glass. That should hold them for a moment, he thought, as he hurried after Susan, crouching down to pass through the hole in the back wall. On the other side, he caught hold of Millie’s hand.
“This way,” he said, pulling Millie with him towards the track. Susan had managed to pull herself together and she followed behind, running awkwardly with the chain held in front of her, so that she didn’t trip over it.
At the end of the building all three stopped whilst Jim looked round the corner. To his relief there was no sign of anyone coming from the front, but as he turned back, Millie grabbed his arm.
“Daddy, look!”
He turned to follow her outstretched arm. At the end of the gravel track an articulated lorry had just turned in off the road and was bumping its way slowly towards them. Jim pushed Millie ahead of him and urged Susan on.
“Go! Into the woods!” he ordered. There was just time for them to get across.
There was still no sign of anyone coming round the front, but when he looked back, a head appeared in the hole beside the wrecked Toyota. He fired once in their direction and the head disappeared quickly as a bullet punched a neat hole in the car beside them.
With the lorry no more than thirty yards away, Jim ran after Susan and vaulted the barbed wire, one hand on the top of a fence post for support. As he did so, two shots rang out from the buildings behind them, kicking up a puff of dust no more than ten feet away.
Inside the wood it was like dusk. The closely planted conifers shut out most of the light from the sun, which was now low in the sky and cast long shadows through the trees.
Jim hurried deeper into the gloom and found Susan and Millie waiting about twenty yards in. Jim held them both for a moment, not saying a word and then pulled away, anxious to put some distance between them and the farm.
“Come on. It’s not over yet.”
He reached into a pocket for more shells and reloaded the revolver. Behind them the lorry had stopped on the track, its engine idling. One of its doors slammed and they could hear muffled shouting between it and the annexe.
“Wait here,” Jim said and turned back, retracing his steps until he could see shafts of sunlight penetrating at the edge of the trees. Kneeling down, he braced himself and fired four times, aiming for the gaps. One shot smacked harmlessly into a tree trunk before it reached the track, but he heard at least one of the others ricochet off the farm buildings, before he turned and hurried back to join Susan and Millie once more.


Back at the farm, everyone had converged on the annexe. Quinn had been first in through the window and reached the hole in the back wall just in time to see Jim turn from the corner of the building and fire, the bullet slamming into the car beside him. That held him for a moment, but his automatic was already in his hand and he squeezed off a couple of shots in reply, although at this distance there was little hope of finding the target.
Quinn picked his way over the brickwork to the grass, closely followed by Bryant and the two men ran for the woods in pursuit. John’O jumped down from the near side of the lorry, slamming the door behind him.
Before they had gone twenty yards, a bullet whistled past Quinn and another ricocheted off the building ahead of them, bringing them both to a sudden halt.
“Back!” Quinn shouted. “We’re sitting ducks out here.”
Bryant didn’t need telling twice. He turned on his heel and the two sprinted back to the annexe and ducked back through the hole in the wall.
Inside Walker had taken charge and was on the phone to Kenny in the van.
“I don’t care what you bloody think. Put your foot down and get that thing up here now.”
He switched the phone off and turned to Quinn as they heard the diesel engine revving on the track, as Kenny drove at speed past the spot where Jim’s bullets had left the trees.
“Get the guns,” Walker barked at Bryant. “All of them.”
Behind him Dunn was heaving the unconscious form of Spencer through the doorway into the other room.
“Well?” Walker demanded, looking at Dunn.
“He’s alive,” Dunn replied. “Looks like he’s got a broken leg and a broken arm. Probably a couple of ribs as well. We need to get him to hospital.”
Walker scowled.
“You know that’s not an option. Put him on the bed in the other room.” He looked down at Clarke where he lay on the floor, staring up at the ceiling.
“And cover him up as well.”
Walker turned to Quinn. “How many?”
“Just one,” Quinn replied. “Looked like the husband. They won’t get far. Not with the kid in tow.”
Walker opened his mouth to say something and then stopped. Quinn could see the blank look in his eyes as he ran through his options and dismissed them one by one.
“We’re in the shit aren’t we?” Quinn said, stepping in front of him. “We need to get out of here.”
It took Walker a moment or two to answer. A muscle twitched at the corner of his mouth and Quinn could see the anger in his eyes.
“You’re right. But if you think I’m leaving three witnesses behind, you’ve got another thing coming. Especially when they’ve done that.” He nodded in the direction of Clarke.
The diesel engine in the farmyard died with a final clatter and a moment later Kenny and John’O burst into the room.
“Christ!” John’O said, staring at the carnage in the small room and the body on the floor.
The door banged behind them and Bryant reappeared carrying two rifles, a shotgun and a pistol. Kenny started to say something, but Walker put up a hand to stop him.
“No time for explanations, just listen.”
Taking a rifle from Bryant he thrust it at Quinn. “Here, take this.”
“Ronnie,” he shouted through to the other room. “Get in here.”
Walker took the shotgun and the pistol, leaving Bryant with the other rifle. Keeping the shotgun for himself, he handed the pistol to John’O.
“O.k. This is what we do. Liam, John’O, me and Tony are going into the woods. Ronnie, I want you and Kenny to clean up here. Get the Volvo onto the back of the truck and get it out of here.” He moved Clarke’s outstretched arm roughly with his foot. “Get rid of him as well. Roll him up in the carpet or something and chuck him in the boot.”
“What about this?” Kenny asked, waving an arm in the direction of the Toyota that was halfway across the kitchen floor.
“Just leave it,” Walker replied. “The only other thing is Spencer. Put him in the back of my car. Ronnie, you drive the car and Kenny can drive the truck. Phone me once you’re clear of the farm.”
No one moved.
“Come on. Get a fucking move on!” Walker pushed Bryant and John’O physically in the direction of the door.
“Do you want them to get away or what?”

After twenty minutes in the trees Jim, Susan and Millie had only managed six hundred yards. They’d moved slowly and deliberately, trying not to leave any sign behind them and they now stood at the edge of the conifer plantation. Jim had the mobile phone in his hand, trying without success to get a signal.
“Bloody thing!” he cursed, jamming it back into his pocket. “We’ll need to keep moving and try somewhere else.”
He was reluctant to leave the cover of the conifer trees and move into the woodland beyond, but they could plainly hear a line of pursuit behind them, gradually working closer and once, there was a single shot, no more than two hundred yards behind them. 
The light was fading, but not quickly enough. The sun was nearly on the horizon but whilst the thickly planted conifers were in heavy shadow, the same couldn’t be said for the open woodland beyond.
“Come on,” Jim said, taking hold of Millie’s hand. “We need to keep moving. Can you run?”
Millie nodded and Jim glanced at Susan. She nodded also and they broke cover, running for the dirt track that could be seen through the trees in the distance. Halfway there, Millie suddenly hauled on Jim’s arm and the three of them skidded to a stop behind the trunk of a large oak.
“What?” Jim asked, keeping his voice down so that it didn’t carry.
“Look,” Millie whispered, pointing at a spot further down the track.
Through the trees, they could see a man standing on the track, a gun to his shoulder, tracking from left to right as he scanned the woods through its telescopic sights.

Half a mile away, Archie Long’s car hurled itself around the corner from the main road, leaving rubber behind and screeched to a stop a few hundred yards further on, where a white Renault Espace was blocking the entrance to the farm.
The rear door was open and Charlie Trent sat half out of the vehicle with a radio in one hand and a pair of binoculars in the other. A pump action shotgun lay on the floor of the vehicle and a handgun rested on the seat beside him.
“Where are they?” Archie demanded, running to join him.
The radio crackled with a message that Archie missed and Trent thumbed the send button on the mike.
“Understood. Just get a bloody move on will you.”
“Fill me in,” Archie demanded, taking the binoculars from Trent.
“I’m pretty sure there’s no one up there,” Trent said. “The tracker unit says Turner’s in the middle of the woods and we reckon most of the gang are in there with him.”
“What about his wife and daughter?” Archie asked.
Trent shrugged. “Them as well probably.”
“Then why the hell aren’t you in there with them?”
Trent held up his hands in protest. “Hey. I don’t give the orders, I just follow them. O’Hara’s in there trying to help. I’ve to coordinate things from here and make sure no one leaves. The local police are on their way, there’s a police chopper due any minute and Ness and the others should have been here five minutes ago. As soon as someone else arrives, I’ll be in there.”
Archie put a hand on Trent’s shoulder.
“O.k. I’m sorry. Give me a radio.”
Trent leant into the car and produced a small hand unit, from a set of four. One was already missing, presumably with O’Hara.
“Which way?” Archie asked.
Trent reached for the computer screen, where Jim’s position was still marked and swung it round for Archie to see. 
“Down the road about half a mile and turn left. There’s a track into the trees.”
“Thanks.”
Archie hurried back to the car, reversed to get around the Renault and then put his foot down. It didn’t take long to get to the dirt track that led into the woods and he turned left, dropping to a much slower pace as the car bounced alarmingly over the rutted ground. Two hundred yards into the wood, the car would go no further. A four wheel drive might make it, but his was bottoming as its wheels dropped into the deep ruts. In the distance two shots rang out. Archie leapt out of the car, leaving the door swinging on its hinges and sprinted down the track, in what he hoped was the right direction.

Jim, Susan and Millie huddled behind the oak, listening to the sounds of pursuit as the kidnappers searched in line through the conifer trees behind them.
“We can’t stop,” Jim said more calmly than he felt, as he peered around the tree.
The man on the track was still turning slowly. His point of aim had passed them and the rifle was swinging away in the other direction. Jim waited a moment more and then turned to Susan and Millie.
“Come on. Try to avoid any open spaces.”
Jim led the way, running half crouched, holding Millie’s hand. His wife and daughter followed his example, keeping low and heading from tree to tree.
They had gone fifty yards, making for a rise in the ground, when a fist sized chunk of wood flew off a tree trunk beside them. The sharp crack of a rifle shot followed, then another, then the voice of the gunman shouting in the distance.
“Here! Over here! Get a bloody move on!”
Other voices answered.
“Where?”
“Over here!”
Jim risked a glance around the tree that they’d put between them. Three other men were converging on the track from the conifers. The gunman let the rifle fall from his shoulder as he pointed in their direction. Jim took the opportunity to get moving again and rushed Susan and Millie across the open ground in front of them and up a slight rise, until they hit the dirt track further on. The rise in the ground had taken them out of sight of their pursuit, but not for long. Millie was out of breath and dragging on Jim’s arm as she tried to keep up.
“Split up,” Susan panted. “We need to split up.”
“No...!” Millie wailed.
Jim bent over, his hands on his knees as he caught his breath. Susan was right. One target and four chasing was a poor ratio. They needed to split and divide the pursuit. How could he leave his wife and daughter though? Damn it. If he didn’t, they’d all end up dead.
“O.k.” he nodded. “Take this.” He thrust the revolver into Susan’s free hand – the other was still holding the chain. “I’ll take Millie.”
There was time for one meaningful look into Susan’s eyes and then they split, running in opposite directions.

Archie heard another shot ring out ahead of him and cursed to himself that he only had the revolver. He rounded a bend in the track and fleetingly caught sight of Susan in the distance as she crossed the track at an oblique angle and disappeared into the trees. Behind her, still dodging around the undergrowth, two men followed at a run. The one in front moved quickly, carrying a rifle in front of his body, whilst behind him a large man lumbered along trying to keep up.
Archie waited for them to cross the track and then he also turned right, heading into the trees. The chase was coming this way and if he could get through the undergrowth and brambles that tore at his legs, he might cut them off. Ahead of him another rifle shot rang out, nearer this time. Archie altered the angle he was taking and skirted round a particularly large patch of tangled undergrowth, swearing when he couldn’t find a way through to where he needed to be.

Susan looked back over her shoulder as she ran. Her heart was pounding and she gasped for breath. Her ankle was raw where the chain was still locked around it and she knew that her pace was slowing. Through the trees she caught a glimpse of the man behind her and knew that she couldn’t outrun him. As she turned back, her feet were jerked out from under her and she pitched headlong onto the ground, the chain round her ankle caught fast on a tree root. The gun bounced out of her hand and slid across the dirt in front of her. Susan pushed herself up on hands and knees and screwed up her face in pain. Her ankle was agony, but she knew she had to get up and keep going. She wrenched at the chain, dislodging it from where it had caught and stumbled forwards towards the gun, but it was too late. Bryant was already there, the rifle raised to his shoulder, its barrel pointing straight at her chest.
Susan closed her eyes and waited for the shot. 
It didn’t come. Instead, she heard the sound of Archie Long screaming like a banshee as he charged across open ground, hurdling over bushes and undergrowth and weaving from left to right.
Bryant turned in his direction and raised the rifle. He fired once, then again, and then a third time. Archie kept coming; he was still too far away to make a shot from the revolver count.
The fourth shot caught him in the upper left arm, spinning him off his feet. He crashed down behind a clump of ferns and as Bryant turned back to Susan, she lunged for the gun that lay just feet in front of her.
Before either could complete the action, Archie was up again, running at Bryant and bellowing, half in anger and half in pain.
Bryant was caught in a moment of indecision and then it was too late. Archie was in range. He lifted the revolver and fired three times as he ran. All three shots hit. The first two centre mass in the middle of Bryant’s chest and the third in his shoulder as he went down. Archie dropped at the same time, sliding onto his stomach behind what ground cover there was, as John’O lumbered into view.
Archie blinked, trying to clear his vision. His left arm hung limply at an odd angle and the whole of his left side was numb. 
“Stand still!” he shouted in what was supposed to be a voice of authority, but he had difficulty putting any volume behind it. He could feel blood running down the inside of his sleeve and he knew that he needed to act quickly before he was too weak to do anything.
The man facing Susan was big – over six feet and heavily built. He had a gun in one hand, but seemed to be in shock at the sight of his friend lying there on the ground.
“Drop the gun!” Archie shouted again from cover, his voice breaking slightly.
The big man looked round, unsure where the command had come from and Archie squeezed off another shot, which kicked up a shower of leaf mould two feet to his left. The man dropped the gun and slowly raised his hands. Archie was relieved to see Susan pick up the familiar looking revolver that was still on the ground in front of her and turn to point it at her pursuer.
Archie hauled himself upright and stumbled towards the two of them. As he reached Susan’s side, his legs suddenly gave way and he dropped into a sitting position on the ground.
“If he moves, shoot him,” he managed to say in a slurred voice and then keeled over sideways.

O’Hara stood behind a well covered Holly tree and smiled slightly to himself as he watched Jim Turner and Millie weaving through the trees in the distance. Less than a minute later Quinn followed, closing fast with Walker a little way behind.
O’Hara checked his gun, put it back into its shoulder holster and jogged after them.

Jim looked over his shoulder, trying to judge how much distance they had on their pursuers, as he and Millie tried to circle back towards the road. They’d gained ground after he and Susan had split up, but the men behind were closing again. Jim was sure there were only two of them, but he was also sure that they were both armed and he wasn’t. The best he could do was a fallen branch, which he’d picked up as they passed a beech tree. This he carried in his free hand, the other holding tightly onto Millie.
Shots rang out in the distance, sending birds screaming into the air from the taller trees. Jim screwed up his face at the thought of what it might mean and glanced down at his daughter. Millie was tiring badly and he was dragging her along now. At a thick patch of gorse and bracken, he turned sharply right and they disappeared momentarily behind a mass of birch trees. Jim stopped and put a finger to his lips, signalling Millie to be quiet, or as quiet as they could while they both sucked in air. For a moment, he thought they’d lost them and then through the trees, he saw the two men still coming.
Ahead of them was a steep bank; a narrow footbath running along the bottom of it.
“Quick,” Jim whispered. “Up the bank and wait for me at the top.”
“No,” Millie whispered back, eyes wide with fear.
“Yes!” Jim insisted. “You have to.” He pushed her firmly in the back and after a moment’s hesitation, shaking her head from side to side, she turned and scrambled up the dry earth, disappearing from sight over the top.
Jim took cover behind the trunk of an ash, the broken branch raised above his head, hoping that one of the pursuers would pass close enough to make it effective.
Suddenly, from beyond the top of the bank there was a high pitched scream that tore at Jim’s insides and then silence. Abandoning his position, he sprinted forward, up the bank and over the top. Thirty yards further on a man stood facing him, his left arm wrapped around Millie, who stood squarely in front of him, the man’s left hand clamped over her mouth. In his right hand the man held an automatic pistol pointing down at the ground. The light was fading fast and the man’s face was in shadow. Jim lifted the stick, changed it to his other hand and walked towards him. It was O’Hara. This was it. Jim could feel his heart hammering in his chest. O’Hara lifted the pistol, as his arm tightened around Millie’s throat, preventing her from getting away despite her struggles. Jim started to run at them as the pistol came up, pointing straight at him. O’Hara fired. The bullet was so close that Jim heard it whine as it passed his ear. The second was inches to his right and Jim heard a familiar thud as one of them found a target of flesh and blood behind him. He whirled round, just in time to see the look of surprise on Quinn’s face as his legs buckled beneath him before a third shot blew away the right side of his face. Suddenly, O’Hara was past him and Millie was in his arms, her face buried in his chest as she clung to him in terror.
O’Hara leant calmly over Quinn and picked up the fallen rifle. “Look away.” He said and Jim twisted round so that Millie faced in the other direction.
At the bottom of the bank Jim could see Walker, frozen in mid stride, caught in the middle of open ground. As he saw O’Hara standing on top of the bank, he suddenly realised that the shots hadn’t come from Bryant and he half turned to his left, before a single shot from the rifle knocked him off his feet. O’Hara took another pace forward and looked down the sights. He fired twice more and Walker’s body jumped with the impact of the bullets passing through it.
O’Hara turned back to Jim and Millie pulling the automatic from his belt, where he had lodged it. He worked the action, ejecting a round from the chamber and then slid the gun back into its holster beneath his arm.
“Are you o.k?” O’Hara asked, standing beside Jim, who had both arms wrapped around his daughter.
“Are we safe?” Jim asked.
“Quite safe,” O’Hara replied, holding out a hand.
Jim took it and the two men shook. O’Hara had a firm grip and looked different somehow.
Jim hesitated for a moment, still gripping O’Hara’s hand in his. He had to know, so he just asked.
“Are you IRA?”
“Yes. IRA,” O’Hara said simply.
“And you know who I am?” Jim asked.
“Yes, we know who you are.” O’Hara smiled. This time the smile touched his eyes and he put a hand gently on Millie’s head.
“It seems we’re all on the same side now.”
In the distance, Jim could hear the familiar whap, whap of helicopter blades and the radio at O’Hara’s waist suddenly crackled into life. O’Hara lifted it to his ear and then handed it to Jim.
“It’s Ness. He’s with your wife. She’s fine.”
EPILOGUE


It was Thursday afternoon and the sun streamed in through the window behind Archie Long’s bed. His left arm was in plaster and he couldn’t help feeling that he’d been here before, although the last time it hadn’t been him in the hospital bed. 
At least there weren’t bars at the window. Private medical insurance that came with the job meant a comfortable room in a BUPA hospital, satellite television and an attractive brunette with nice legs who checked up on him periodically.
There was a knock at the door and it was pushed open slowly. Jim’s head appeared round the corner.
“Are you allowed visitors?” he asked, looking round the room.
“Do you come bearing gifts?” Archie asked.
Jim held up a plastic bag. “Grapes and a bottle of Lucozade.”
“Come in then,” Archie agreed.
Jim strode over to the bed and gripped his friend’s hand.
“Thanks Archie.”
“Don’t mention it,” Archie said. “Any time.”
“Really?”
Archie grinned. “No, not really. The arm’s bloody sore. Just try to keep out of trouble in future.”
Jim pulled up a chair and the two settled down to a frank discussion, which if Armstrong had been there, he would have put a stop to immediately. Archie had been debriefed just a few hours earlier and was able to bring Jim up to date with events since they’d left Henson’s Farm, Jim under his own steam and Archie unconscious in an ambulance.
Of the eight kidnappers, four were dead – Clarke shot by Jim himself, Bryant by Archie and Walker and Quinn by O’Hara.
Realising he was in it up to his neck, John’O had decided to co-operate and as a result, Spencer, Dunn and Kenny were picked up on the M4 by the police. Spencer was still in hospital and hadn’t regained consciousness, but the hospital thought that he would pull through.
Johnny Miller had been picked up in Southampton and the fake K2 driver recovered from the lockers at Southampton Bus Station. Flores didn’t seem to exist, or if he did, he’d covered his tracks completely. No one knew his real name or his whereabouts and the Southampton police were still trying to track him down.
O’Hara, it turned out, was playing it straight with the firm and didn’t know anything about David Garrett. The fact that Armstrong knew O’Hara was there to do more than just recover the K2 equipment, combined with the unacceptable consequences of a leak, meant that there was a cover up on the whole affair. Garrett had been released and was now back in Northern Ireland, together with the missing detector unit, which had been recovered from Walker’s BMW on the M4.
“So what about O’Hara?” Jim asked.
“Gone as well,” Archie confirmed. “I hear he saved your skin.”
“He certainly did,” Jim agreed. “It was quite a surprise. I was convinced I was still on their hit list, along with Quinn and Walker.”
“Has Armstrong spoken to you?” Archie asked.
“No. Why?”
“He will do. You needn’t worry about charges being brought against you for Clarke and Spencer; it’ll never be the subject of any inquest.”
“Are you sure?” Jim said, looking slightly doubtful.
“Absolutely.” Archie nodded. “Armstrong’s got some other news for you as well. Sean Patrick is a very powerful man within Sinn Fein. It seems he’s rather relieved to have this affair cleared up. He’s put the word out in no uncertain terms that you’re no longer a target.”
Jim looked at him blankly whilst it sank in.
Archie punched him in the arm with his good hand and grinned. “Hey, you’ll have to change your name again and you’ll be able to go back to your old job.”
Jim snorted. “Up yours! If you think I’m going back to that, you’ve got another thing coming.”
Despite himself, he smiled at the thought of it.
“Actually Archie, that’s the best news I’ve had for a long time. You know, it always worried me that they’d catch up with me eventually. Knowing that you’re putting your wife and daughter at risk just by being there can screw you up you know.”
“Well you can forget it. They have caught up with you and now you can put it all behind you.” 
Jim nodded. 
“Anyway, what about you?” he asked, changing the subject. “How are you feeling?”
“Oh I’ll be fine,” Archie said. “I’ve got four weeks off on full pay and I’ll be out of here by the end of the week.”
“That’s bad,” Jim said seriously.
“How?”
He laughed. “No overtime. You’ll have to cut back you know.”
Archie grinned. “Not true my friend. I’m not the same man that you used to work with. If I can avoid doing the overtime, then so much the better. In fact, if I was honest with you, I think I’m getting too old for all of this. What I need is a nice nine-to-five desk job somewhere in the civil service.”
Jim stroked his chin thoughtfully.
“Hmmm. Tell me Archie. What do you know about computers?”


A note from the author.

Thank you for taking the time to read 'Underdogs', I hope you enjoyed it.  If you did, could I ask you to consider leaving a review of the book on the site that you obtained it from?  

Reviews can be an extremely valuable source of feedback.  They help an author to refine his work and also, where a book has a number of reviews, it can help to promote the book to a wider audience. 

If you do choose to leave a review – thank you, it is very much appreciated.


Regards.
Jack.

ALSO BY JACK FISKE

Salute the Magpie
It was supposed to be an easy job. A penthouse flat in an empty building. Ten minutes work to get in and get out, then away into the night with some easy money, a piece of jewellery or whatever else Ben could lay his hands on. However, what neither Ben Collins nor Gary Thompson expected were the class A drugs, the half naked girl lying unconscious on the bed, both of them falling foul of one of the most dangerous men in London, or the involvement of 'The Vicar'.


A Goose for Christmas

For Semmin, it was serious.  Half a dozen birds lost to the weather and now a challenge to his leadership that he couldn't ignore.
For Padge, it was considerably worse.  Injured at the height of the storm, separated from his mate, and now unable to fly for more than a few hundred yards.  Had Junor survived?  How badly was she hurt and where would she go?  Can he find her while there's still time and if so, what hope do they have of rejoining the flock and completing their winter migration?


Jump Start  (A collection of short stories).

Meet Jacob and Efrem, two prisoners of war, who are required to perform an unusual task.
See what happens when an undercover operation in North Belfast goes seriously wrong.
Find out why Roxanne De Garis would agree to a date with David Stewart and how on earth he can afford to hire a chauffeur and a vintage Bentley for the evening.
Go foraging with Padge and Junor, two Greylag Geese, on the fjords of Iceland.
Spend a little time with Ben Collins and Gary Thompson, two teenagers locked up for the first time in Cranmore Young Offenders Institution.
