

VICTIMIZED
Buchanan’s  Secret



VICTIMIZED
Buchanan’s  Secret


By: JUNE




www.fourshadoughpublishing.com
Victimized Buchanan's Secret

June Miller

Copyright L. Miller 2013
Published by FourShadough Publishing, LLC at Smashwords





Published by: FourShadough Publishing, LLC

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
I want to thank all who have taken the time to purchase and read my novel. I would love to know your thoughts so please leave a review at your own discretion.
I first want to thank the bookclubs that have supported me: ARC BookClub, Black Faithful Sister & Brother Book Club, Black E-Book Club, Fun(4)daMental, Certified Good Reads, Let’s Talk Relationships and Books, Diamond Eyes Book Club, and We Love to Read. I want to thank all the group members and admins of the bookclubs and groups who have supported my work and interacted with me online. I also want to thank All4One members (Catch the Wave or Drown! Kisha Green and Treasure Blue) for giving new authors an opportunity to get their books promoted free by the selfless members. Special shout out to my dude K’WAN, Erick Gray, Terry Wroten, Treasure Blue, and my sis Deborah Cardona (Sexy). Honorable mentions: Caroline McGill, DC Bookdiva, Eyonne Williams, David Weaver, Mike O, Rasheed Carter, Shareef Jaudon, Joe Awsum, Mack Mama, Cha’Bella Don, Mimi Renee, Jus Cris, Allsion Edwards, Rayven Sky, Lisa Tyrell Perry, Camille Renee Lamb, Shan Gradney, Barbara Hodges Prestianni, Tonikia Santana. Lastly, to my supporters and readers, I thank you all from all the chambers of my heart. 

Prologue

The faded blue Chevrolet Nova slowly pulled into an empty parking space about fifty feet away from the entrance of the small one story building. The four occupants sat patiently, no one saying a word as they all looked out the car window at the door to the building.  A couple of minutes passed and a dusty brown four door Chrysler entered the parking lot and pulled into a parking space close to the entrance. The young woman driver exited her vehicle then disappeared inside the building. Five minutes later another car pulled in and parked next to the entrance of the building and another female driver exited and disappeared inside. 
The driver of the Chevy Nova looked up at the clock directly above the building’s entrance that read just a little past 7:45.  Just then a white Cadillac pulled into a designated parking space right in front of the building and the driver, a burly Caucasian male dressed in a blue suit, exited and retrieved a briefcase from the backseat of the car. He headed to the entrance of the building pulling out his keys as he approached the front door.
“Excuse me sir, are you open yet?” A woman asked from behind. 
He turned around and was face to face with an unusually tall and unattractive black woman in an unsightly purple dress, black lace church gloves and wearing a black chiffon hat that partially covered her face. 
“No ma’am, we open at 9:00 am sharp.”
“Well that’s a crying shame because I need to make a withdrawal and it really can’t wait.” The woman said in a brisk voice. 
“Well ma’am you’re just going to have to wait because we don’t open until 9:00 so come back in an hour.” The man replied in a slightly aggravated tone turning around to insert the key into the door. 
The woman inched up closer to the man who ignored her as he turned the key and pushed the door open. Once the door was ajar, the woman rushed behind the man and pushed him forcibly to the ground inside the bank and stood over him menacingly. 
“Wrong answer muthafucka, I’m making my withdrawal now!”
Upon seeing their manager pushed to the ground and a big black woman standing over him, the white women clerk shrieked. Three other black women entered, two of them running straight to the shocked clerks and stuffing handkerchiefs in their mouths then tying their hands behind their backs. The other black woman retrieved the keys from the manager and locked the front entrance doors. The manager was hogtied by the black woman in the purple dress and a blue handkerchief was stuffed in his mouth. By the time the door was locked the quartet was making their way to the bank vault to empty it of its contents. They pulled on the handle but the vault didn’t open. 
“I thought you said it opened on a timer!” The black woman in the purple dress shouted. 
“It’s supposed to. It’s supposed to be open now. What time is it?” One of the women said looking down at her Bulova watch. 
“It’s fifteen minutes after 8, we only have forty five minutes before this bank opens for business!”
The black woman wearing the purple dress ran over to the manager and snatched the handkerchief out of his mouth, “What time does the fucking vault open!” 
“It’s on a timer to open at 8:45.” He said coughing.
“Is there another way it can be opened before then?”
“N-n-no.”
He was slapped viciously and dragged by his feet to the vault.
“I’m gonna ask you one more fucking time before I turn you into plant fertilizer. Get this shit open now!”
“I c-c-can’t open it. Please, it’s on a timer, I have no control over that.” The manager pleaded. 
“Grab one of those bitches and bring her over here to see if he’s lying. If he is, I’m gonna make him eat a bullet!” The woman in the purple dress screamed. 
One of the clerks was dragged into the vault area and the handkerchief and her ties were removed. 
“You have one chance to save this muthafucka’s life. Tell me how else we can get this vault open before 8:45. If you lie, you and this maggot die together!” 
“Ok, ok, there’s one way. You have to manually change the time.” 
“Do it now!”
The clerk was pulled to her feet and went to the automatic timer and punched in a code. 
“I reset it to open in two minutes.” She said covering her hands over her head.
In two minutes the vault opened and the women ran inside and started filling their oversized bags with stacks of money. 
“FOUR! Six minutes left! Grab as much as you can!” The woman with the purple dress directed.
In exactly ten minutes all four women headed for the bank entrance. As they approached they saw a single police cruiser pulling into the parking lot. 
“Shit! The rest of you go out the back, I’ll try and distract them.” The woman in the purple dress said as she passed her bag to one of the other women and smoothed out her dress. 
The patrol car with two officers pulled up along side the bank entrance and slowed down. A distress signal from the bank had been sent and the officers were dispatched to check it out. Nothing seemed unusual to them as they exited their car until a black woman burst through the bank doors screaming, “They’re robbing the bank! They’re robbing the bank!”
The officers immediately drew their guns and pointed it at the woman rushing towards them waving her hands above her head frantically. 
“Stop where you are!” the officers screamed.
The woman continued towards them continuing with her hysterical screaming, “They’re in there robbing the bank! You have to stop them!”
She stopped about ten feet from the officers and they walked up to her cautiously.
“How many men are in there?” one officer asked. 
“It’s two of them. Black men with guns. My granddaughter is in there too. Please help her. Please!”
“Stay here ma’am. We’re going to call for back up. Wait here for them!” the officer said as he radioed the call then approached the entrance of the bank slowly. As soon as both officers went inside the bank, the woman ran to the Chevy Nova and snatched it into gear quickly driving to the back of the bank. The other three women were already standing on the side of the building then jumped into the car as it slowed down just enough for them to dive in. 
“Let’s get the fuck outta here!” they screamed. 
The woman in the purple dress stomped down on the gas and exited the parking lot, making a quick right turn. The car sped down the highway and turned onto a back road maneuvering through the thick brush until they reached an opening to a highway. The car entered onto the paved road, slowing down to the city speed limit. They passed through a green light as an oncoming police cruiser passed with sirens blaring. The driver looked in the rear view and when the cruiser didn’t turn around a sigh of relief could be felt throughout the vehicle. The car traveled twenty miles then turned down a dirt road to a deserted barn out in the country on Route 33 and pulled in behind it. 
“What the fuck happened back there Smitty?” Ronald asked his partner when everyone was out of the car. 
“Man, I promise you that bitch told me the vault opened at 8:15.” Smitty replied. 
“You promise? That fuck up almost got us pinched muthafucka!” Ronald screamed as he removed the purple dress he was wearing. 
“I won’t make that mistake again boss.” Smitty replied to Ronald as he too disrobed from the feminine garb he was wearing. 
Ronald walked inside the barn and removed a cloth car cover from a black Lincoln Continental and grabbed a dark blue three-piece suit and a pair of black wing tipped Stacy Adams from the backseat. He dressed quickly and jumped into the car then carefully backed it out of its hiding spot careful not to kick up too much dirt. He got out of the car and emptied all the money into a big black burlap bag then opened the trunk of the Continental. The rest of the crew took their clothes from the backseat and got dressed while Ronald removed the spare tire and pulled open a compartment big enough to fit a dead body, placing the burlap bag inside then replacing the spare tire. The crew entered the car and Ronald pulled off onto Route 33 headed back to New York.
“The Get Away Gang does it again. We home free boys.” He said as they cruised safely towards I-95 North. 



Chapter 1
Jason Buchanan

The Silver 2004 late model S500 Mercedes hugged the curves with ease while barreling down the FDR Drive heading towards the Brooklyn Bridge. Jason Buchanan was behind the wheel doing 75 mph dipping in and out of traffic like a NASCAR driver. 
“Merge into right lane. Brooklyn Bridge Exit 1 mile.” the monotone voice of the navigation system dispatched. 
Jason stayed in the outer lane as other drivers on the highway steered clear of his erratic driving to avoid becoming victims to a vehicular accident. He turned up the volume on the Harman/Kardon audio system and blasted, “Coming From” by DMX featuring Mary J. as he swerved into the right lane and exited off for the Brooklyn Bridge. 
      “Places that I've been, things that I have seen 
       What you call a nightmare, are what I have as dreams 
     Bad as that may seem, I know its only going to get worse 
     Love, a slug, which one am I gonna get first? 
     My journey's been a rough one, I'm not sure when it begins 
     But the way it's looking, I kind of know when it's gonna end”
The tires on the Benz gripped the bends on the exit ramp as Jason cut the wheel hard to the right and merged onto the Brooklyn Bridge. He never looked in his rear view or side view mirrors as he careened over the bridge heading for Brooklyn. 
“Telephone Mode” he announced as the music automatically turned off. “3-4-7-5-5-5-5-5-5-5.” 
The phone rang loudly in the car as Jason held the steering wheel firmly with one hand and guided his car through the light traffic. 
“Hello?” Jason’s wife answered when she picked up her cell phone. 
“Hey Shell…baby…I need to talk to you. Where are you right now?” Jason replied calmly.
“I’m just getting off work honey. I’m downtown about to go to BBQ’s with some of my co-workers. You want to meet me down here and have a drink?”
“No baby. I need to talk to you; I’m coming off the bridge, meet me by…” he was interrupted.
“Honey I can’t hear you too well. I hear sirens in the background.” Michelle said.
Jason looked in his rear view mirror at the four police cruisers that were a car length behind him with sirens blaring and blue and red lights flashing. 
“Shell…they’re after me, that’s what I need to talk to you about.” Jason maintained a calm voice as he spoke.
He exited off the Cadman Plaza exit anticipating a roadblock at the foot of the bridge.
“WHAT!” Michelle screamed into the phone.
“I’ll be at that little park right by the bridge in five minutes, meet me there.” With that, he disconnected the call. 
The police cruisers kept a safe distance from the silver Benz as it exited off Cadman Plaza careful not to cause innocent drivers any casualties from the speeding driver. They had gone to Jason’s job to ask him questions about a murder that happened while he attended NYU but when they got there he was already in his car to leave. He spotted them and sped off. They followed him and attempted to do a traffic stop but when they put their lights on he didn’t pull over, instead he drove faster in an attempt to escape them, which led them up to the chase. 
Jason could feel the vibration on his hip from his cell phone ringing. He didn’t bother to look at it; he knew it was his wife calling. He hated to involve her but he didn’t have any other alternative. He looked in the rear view mirror at the police cruisers following behind him and in front of him he could see the flashing lights of approaching police cruisers. He cut his wheel to the left and made a wild U-turn crossing over the divider into oncoming traffic. The Benz avoided a head on collision with a Honda Civic then slid into the curb. Jason jumped out of the car leaving it running and dashed into the park. 
“Freeze!” an officer screamed as he got out of his patrol car drawing his gun. 
“I didn’t do anything! It wasn’t me!” Jason screamed as he ran aimlessly in the park. 
“Stop! Police!” 
There seemed to be over ten officers giving foot pursuit. Jason was running at break neck speed towards the Adams Street entrance of the park. He could see that he was surrounded by the officers and knew there was no way to escape. He stopped suddenly then turned around and looked at the police officers that had stopped short with their guns trained on him. 
“Don’t move, Police!” they all seemed to be screaming the same thing in unison.
Jason, dressed in a blue pin stripe Brook Brothers three-piece suit, put his hands in the air. He wasn’t sure if Michelle had made it to the park but he knew she would be there soon, she was his backbone. 
“Place both your hands on your head and kneel down on the ground slowly!” One officer yelled. 
Jason put his hands on his head and knelt down on one knee and then he slowly knelt down on the other knee. As he knelt, his unbuttoned blazer blew open from a light breeze revealing a gun on his waist then screamed, “It wasn’t me…It was Bunz!”
“GUN!” screamed an officer. 
“Wait a minute!” Jason yelled out reaching for the pistol with intentions of placing it on the ground. Suddenly gunshots rang out and he felt himself fall to the ground and when he looked up he saw Michelle crying and shaking him. 
Jason jumped up in the bed breathing heavily and wiping his sweat soaked face with the palm of both his hands. It was just another bad dream. He looked around the dimly lit room and when his eyes focused he saw his mother getting out of a leather armchair rushing over to his bedside. He looked to the corner of the room by the door and his uncle Rick was asleep in a similar leather armchair. 
“Hey baby. Are you ok?” His mother asked standing next to his bed and staring at him with her eyebrows raised. 
“I…I…I have a bad headache.” Jason replied rubbing his temples. 
“I know baby but you’re going to be fine.” Paula rubbed his hand gently then looked over to Rick who was getting out of the armchair. 
“Mother, what am I doing here? What happened?” 
Paula’s facial expression changed and she looked to Rick who was making his way over to the bed. 
“You had a terrible accident baby but you’re going to be ok. You’re going to be just fine.” She rubbed his hand.
“Yea nephew, you had us worried for a minute but you’re tough as nails so you gon’ be aiight.” Rick said to him. 
Jason’s eyes darted around the room, “Where is Michelle? Is she here? Was she with me? Did she get hurt in the accident too?” 
Paula and Rick looked at each other then Rick nodded to her. 
“Jason, I don’t want to upset you but Michelle is gone.” 
“Oh my God! She’s dead?” Jason’s mouth dropped and his eyes began to water instantly as he tried to get up from the bed but couldn’t. 
“No, no Jason. She left town after your accident. I don’t think she could handle this and left. I’m so sorry. I wanted you to get better before telling you.” Paula said sympathetically. 
“No! That’s not true! She would never leave me! She loves me, we were engaged. We’re supposed to get married mother.”
Pain swelled in Paula, she didn’t want to see her son hurt, he had been through so much already.
“Nephew. She probably wasn’t the one for you because she couldn’t handle the pressure. She didn’t stick around to see if you made it or checked out. Some females just can’t deal with certain shit, know what I mean?”  
Jason sulked in the bed. He looked up at the ceiling and tried to force the tears back into his eyes. 
“I know how you felt about her and this is a lot for you to handle right now so we’re going to give you some time to let this sink in nephew. We’re going to go downstairs to get something to eat and we’ll be back in a minute. Ok?”  
Jason nodded his head slowly and laid down then turned his back to them as they walked out. He was trying to figure out why Michelle would leave him, especially when he had an accident. He believed marriage was a union for better or for worse, wasn’t that how it went? 
Rick and Paula walked to the elevator. 
“Do you think he gonna remember what I did?” Rick asked Paula. 
“I sure as hell hope he doesn’t. I hope that medication works, if not he’ll be devastated if he finds out what really happened. We don’t want him to relapse so let’s stick to the story and pray he never finds out the truth about what really happened.” Paula responded. 
Jason sat up in the bed slowly, the beeping of the machine monitoring his heart rate sped up and he gripped the rails on the bed tightly. He was beginning to remember what happened and why he was in the hospital. It was coming back to him and the memory brought on feelings of shame, embarrassment and anger. Tears filled his sockets and rolled down his cheeks freely when he started crying. He began to remember the torment he suffered in grade school and high school. It was when he graduated from high school that things changed for him; he met Michelle and fell in love. Things between them were great but her leaving him had to be because she was tired of being with a boy when she needed a man.  

Chapter 2
Tragedy Strikes Early

“Hurry up and get dressed Jason.” Paula Buchanan yelled to her son who was sitting on the floor in his room playing Tekken on his Playstation. 
Jason heard her but never answered because he didn’t want to go with her and his father to the supermarket to get their Thanksgiving turkey, it was a yearly ritual he had grown tired of. Suddenly his bedroom door flew open and his mother was standing in the doorway, her long silky hair wrapped in a bun with her fists balled up resting on her hips. Her face was bright with not a blemish and her full wide lips added to her exotic look. Her eyes took on an Asian uniqueness and her high cheekbones sloped to her nose, which bubbled out showcasing her Caribbean trademark. She was wearing Gloria Vanderbilt jeans that showed her perfectly rounded hips and thick thighs with a blue shirt that fit snug showing her average, but full bust line. 
“Boy, turn off that bloomin’ game and put your clothes on so we can meet your father downstairs. Now…Jason!”
“Aww mother, why can’t I stay here and play my game. You and dad never buy the turkey I pick anyway.” Jason whined.
Mrs. Buchanan shot Jason a look that wasn’t pleasant, “This is not up for discussion Jason and when I tell you to do something, you do it without question. You hear me talking to you?”
“Yes mother.” He replied softly.
Jason knew his mother was serious by her tone. She was not physically abusive but her voice was equal to a lashing in his book. At 14 years old, Jason had come to realize his mother was the one who regulated order, morals, and values. In the Buchanan household, Mrs. Buchanan was the enforcer of discipline while Mr. Buchanan was the more sensible and lenient parent. 
Paula Buchanan was an over protective mother who had serious delusions of grandeur. She acted as if she was born with a silver spoon in her mouth despite the reality of her past. Paula was born in Trinidad where her mother worked as a housecleaner for the wealthy. As a young girl, Paula would accompany her mother when she went to work and detested watching her on her hands and knees scrubbing floors, washing walls, and cleaning dirty toilets. Paula escaped that world by sneaking away trying on the expensive clothes and exotic jewelry, pretending she was from royalty. She would stand in front of the mirror and fantasize about being rich and wealthy. Her obsession was so strong she began to act out the part of an aristocrat, eventually morphing it into part of her character. She started to talk as if she was from an affluent family and anyone who didn’t know her background was naturally fooled and it soon became a sick delusion for her and consumed her life.     
Seeing her mother diminished to working as a modern day slave compelled Paula to leave her homeland at the age of 18 for the United States where she heard financial opportunities were abundant. Not having any money to get a passport or airline ticket she had to depend on the only thing that could possibly get her what she needed, her beauty. She sought out an aging man, known for taking a fancy to young girls for promise of sexual exploits, to sponsor her trip to the States. Paula was able to abscond from her suitor and kept her virginity in tact before committing the sexual acts for her one-way ticket and passport. When she arrived to the United States, the tall buildings and the fast pace of the city amazed her but she wasn’t intimidated because she was there for a purpose, her dream of becoming wealthy. She stayed in Brooklyn with a close family friend and found work as a nurse’s aid at a local hospital where she kept up the act that she was from a very prestigious background.
One night while registering a young man brought into the emergency room with a stab wound, Paula’s attention was directed to his friend who seemed overwhelmingly concerned about him. He was dressed in an olive green linen suit that had tiny specks of blood splotched all over it. He was waving his hand anxiously as he spoke with the doctors as a diamond ring he wore on his pinky finger gleamed under the soft fluorescent lights. He was average height with a slim but sturdy build and southern features that gave off a powerful look. He spoke with extreme passion when telling the doctors that money wasn’t an issue in getting his friend the best medical attention. Paula was immediately attracted to him and turned on by his hard-core demeanor as he spoke to the doctors, but his soft side when speaking to his injured comrade, increased her fascination. The large bankroll he pulled out to pay the hospital bill up front solidified his financial stability and capacity to accommodate her worldly taste because living regally was still of great importance to her. She had found the man of her dreams in Ronald Buchanan.

***

When Paula closed Jason’s bedroom door, he got up and hurriedly pulled a white t-shirt out from his top dresser drawer and put it on. He went over to his closet and opened the door and chose a black hoodie and a pair of black Levi’s and put them on then looked at himself in the full-length mirror on the closet door. The hoodie was a size too big but hung comfortably on his slim 5’6” frame. Jason’s Cooley hair, compliments of his mother’s Trinidadian background, was cut in a low seazer, which gave exposure to his slanted forehead. His eyes were slightly slanted and his face was long and slender. He sat back down on the floor and resumed playing his video game turning the volume down on the television so he could hear when his mother approached. 
Jason was a loner but that wasn’t by choice. He had an identical twin that died at childbirth because of complications during his mother’s pregnancy and that unfortunate incident made him an only child, which was both a luxury and a curse. After losing his twin, his mother went into a deep depression and became exceedingly protective over him, which contributed to his solitude. She sheltered him in every way imaginable and would not let him out of her sight. As he got older her compulsive obsession over his safety continued as he was prohibited from going outside to interact with other neighborhood children and kept away from his father’s side of the family. The seclusion from friends and playmates his age caused his mind to develop creatively, but in an odd way, his mind traveled beyond the realm of what ordinary kids his age did for entertainment. One example of his peculiar behavior was how he captured houseflies and tied sewing thread around their legs. He would whirl the fly around in a circle over his head then let it go and watch the insect buzz around disoriented. When he grew tired of this sport he would clip their wings and deposit them inside a jar then pour lotion inside and watch them wade through the creamy liquid as if they were in a mudslide. After that, he would pour alcohol around the edges of notebook paper, deposit the fly in the middle then light the corners. He would watch as the trapped fly unsuccessfully tried to find an escape from the burning inferno as it ran in circles until the flames swallowed it, ending its life. Many would consider this kind of entertainment sick and twisted, but for a young child who was denied socialization, this was normal. Aside from his bizarre habits, Jason was very studious and articulate, which was very important to his mother but his isolation had one major negative affect, he was afraid of confrontation.
“Are you ready Jason?” Mrs. Buchanan shouted from her bedroom.
“Yes mother, I’m ready!” He yelled back, turning off his video game and heading for the front door.   
Ronald Buchanan sat parked in his late model Cadillac waiting for his wife and son to come downstairs. Ronald worked as a supervisor at a warehouse in Long Island City, Queens. Although Ronald changed his ways shortly after dating Paula, he secretly was in business with his younger brother Rick and kept his ears to the street. 
When Ronald saw his wife and son emerge from the building, he quickly got out of the car and opened the passenger door for her and the back door for Jason. 
“Hey gorgeous. You look scrumptious in that outfit.” He complimented Paula and kissed her lips.
Paula blushed openly. Ronald always had a flattering remark for her. 
“What’s up son?” He patted Jason firmly on his shoulder. 
“Hello daddy.” Jason responded, taking a seat in the roomy backseat of the Cadillac Sedan DeVille.
“Ronald. Do you plan on inviting any of your family to the house for Thanksgiving dinner this year?” Paula asked. 
“I was going to invite my brother Rick, my sister and her kids but I think they all going to my moms crib.” 
It wasn’t a secret that Paula didn’t care for Ronald’s side of the family due to them being a little on the rugged side. In turn, his family didn’t care for her too much themselves because she was too bourgeois and wouldn’t allow Jason to visit or spend time with them. 
Although Paula always dreamed of living like royalty she had to get in touch with her reality once she fell in love with Ronald. Her feelings for him were unquestionable, the lack of money and luxuries aside, he was truly the best thing that happened in her life. Their relationship was solid and he made her happy.  
Before Ronald turned into the underground supermarket parking lot, he let Paula out so she could grab a shopping cart and begin shopping while he parked the car. 
“You want to come in with me or you’re going to stay with your father to park the car?” Paula asked Jason before walking off to the entrance of the supermarket.
“I’m going to stay with dad.” 
“Ok.” Paula looked at her husband and gave him a kiss, “I’m going to be in the turkey section, fighting for a bird, so hurry up so you can help me.” She laughed.
“I got your back baby. Love you.” Ronald responded then pulled off, maneuvering the car down the narrow ramp that lead into the underground parking garage.
“It’s going to be packed in there tonight.” Ronald said unconsciously as he observed all the parked cars. 
Jason exited the car first and walked ahead to the elevators that led up to the supermarket while his father made sure the vehicle was locked and secure. As Jason approached the elevators he noticed three guys standing inside the dimly lit staircase next to the elevator. Jason stopped short of the elevator and looked back to see how far behind his father was before venturing any further. When his father reached him, he pushed the elevator button and waited for its arrival.  
“’Scuse me sir, help you with your bags when you come out?” One of the guys asked Ronald. 
“Nah, that’s ok. Thanks.” Ronald replied, squeezing Jason’s shoulder lovingly. 
“That’s a nice car you driving.” One of the other guys said.
“Thanks.” Ronald said to him, not looking in his direction. 
The supermarket was only one level up but the elevator was taking a long time to come as if it were coming from the penthouse floor of a high rise.
“I think it’s broke.” One of the guys stated.
“Damn. Ok let’s walk up.” Ronald said, as he placed both his hands on Jason’s shoulder and steered him to the stairwell.
Jason walked ahead of his father and the guys moved to the side so he could go up the staircase. As Jason made his way up the stairs one of the guys pointed behind Ronald and said, “Hey mister, I think you dropped something.” 
Ronald turned around to see if he dropped anything and one of the guys pulled out a large butcher knife and held it out at him menacingly.
“You know what this is pops, give me your wallet or your life.” He said, gritting his rotten teeth.
Ronald looked at the group of men then quickly looked up in the stairwell at his son. They all looked so young and couldn’t have been that much older than Jason but that in mind, he still wasn’t about to let them rob him. 
“I ain’t got no bread on me. You guys picked the wrong vic today.” Ronald said trying to give Jason the eye to run up the stairs to safety. 
“Wrong answer pops, you driving that hog, you got some dough. It’ll be real fucked up to body you over a couple dollars. Now give me your fucking wallet before I break this blade off in your ass!”
“Give him your wallet, please daddy.” Jason hysterically pleaded from inside the stairwell, unable to read his father’s eye gesture.
Ronald surveyed his chances of grabbing the guy holding the knife and choking the life out of him but it was risky because the other guys could hurt Jason.
One of the guys next to Jason grabbed him and put him in a headlock then pulled him down off the stairs. 
“Get out of the way pops!” the one holding the knife snarled at Ronald as his cohort dragged Jason out of the stairwell into the dark end of the parking lot. He pulled out a knife and put it up to Jason’s throat then young Jason screamed loudly, his screech echoing in the dimly lit parking lot. 
“Alright, here. Just don’t hurt him.” Ronald said digging into his back pocket and throwing his wallet at the feet of the robber standing in front of him. 
The guy holding the butcher knife on Ronald picked the wallet up then swung the knife at Ronald, missing, then running off; satisfied he had gotten his bounty. Ronald turned quickly to give chase and tackled his assailant. The robber hit the ground and rolled over onto his back and quickly got to his feet just as Ronald was getting up. Ronald hit him with a blinding right hook that lifted him off his feet. Ronald bent down and snatched him up forcefully by his collar as his feet dangled and his arms flapped around. Ronald shook him violently then slammed his back into the front end of a parked Buick Regal. He pulled him up onto the hood then began hammering him with his closed fists until the young boy was dizzy and disoriented. The guy struggled to get free and Ronald grabbed him up again by his collar, high over his head and swung him around once then threw him into the windshield of a parked car. The impact of the guy’s body cracked the windshield and he lay still on the car. Ronald swiftly turned around to the other two young boys who stood their ground, one holding a knife to Jason’s throat in shock and the other standing in a fighting stance. 
“Look youngin’, let my boy go and y’all can keep the wallet. Just let him go.” Ronald said breathing out hard and walking towards them slowly. He heard a thud and looked behind him to the other young boy who rolled off the car onto the ground not moving.  
“Nah pops.” The one holding Jason said. “Stop where you are or I’m gonna slit this li’l muthafucka’s vocal chords.” 
Ronald studied both guys’ faces then proceeded to walk up on them as they backed away slowly. The one holding Jason looked at the knife on the ground his friend dropped when Ronald tackled him then looked up at Ronald, who was eyeing it too. 
“Get the fuckin’ knife!” He screamed to the friend standing next to him. 
Ronald and the assailant dived for the knife and a struggle to get possession ensued. Ronald slipped and lost his footing but recovered quickly then picked up the knife with one hand while pushing the young boy away from him with the other. 
“I’m gonna kill him mister!” the one holding Jason threatened when he saw Ronald with the knife.
“Be easy youngin’.” Ronald tried to calm the scared boy. “You don’t want to do that. Just let him go and I promise you I’ll let y’all leave with no problem.”
“Watch out dad!” Jason screamed. 
Ronald was kicked square in his back and fell forward. The knife fell out of his hand and slid to where the other young robber was standing. He picked the knife up quickly and held it in his hand while his cohort stomped and kicked Ronald while he was on the ground.
“Stab this muthafucka man!” he shouted to his partner. 
Running over to where his friend was trying to keep Ronald down on the ground, his partner closed his eyes and began plunging the knife into Ronald. He was stabbing him in his arm and shoulder repeatedly. Ronald winced each time the steel blade ripped through his skin. He grabbed the hand of the guy stabbing him and pulled him down to the ground next to him. Upon seeing that, the guy holding Jason threw him to the ground and ran over to help his friends out. 
“Get the fuck off him muthafucka!” the friend screamed as he slammed his blade into Ronald’s back, penetrating his ribs and cracking them on impact. Ronald let out a heartbreaking scream as he felt the steel blade enter his body.
Jason hit the ground hard and rolled onto his stomach. When he looked up he saw the guy that was holding him poking his father relentlessly with the knife. He watched as his father struggled to his feet, grab the guy stabbing him, and wrestle the knife from his hand. When Ronald had control of the knife, he grabbed the young robber by his coat as he slivered out of it like a snake shedding its skin. Ronald lunged at him swinging the knife wildly, slicing the young thief on his hand, wrist, arm, neck and slicing off a significant piece of his ear. The young crook screamed out in pain as his blood was splattered onto Ronald’s face. He backed up breaking away from Ronald’s grip squealing as the other two thieves, who were already at the entrance of the garage yelled out, “Come on man!” 
The wounded thief placed his hand over the gaping wound on his neck and ear as he stumbled over Ronald who had collapsed onto the ground. Jason screamed out loudly and the assailant paused briefly and he and Jason eyes locked, Jason’s in a death stare. The young thief broke eye contact when he heard his friends call out to him again and bolted for the entrance of the parking lot at break neck speed.   
Ronald lay on his back with thick globs of blood running down the side of his open mouth. 
“Dad! Dad!” Jason screamed, weeping uncontrollably. He dropped to his knees where his father lay, barely moving. He looked at all the stab wounds his father suffered and sat on the ground next to him, placing his head on his lap and rocking back and forth slowly until he saw his eyelids flutter quickly and his eyes roll to the back of his head. Then Jason let out a blood-curdling cry that oozed with agonizing pain. 
A crowd suddenly appeared in the garage and he rose to his feet as the thick, crimson blood continued to drain out of his father’s mouth slowly. 
Paula came to the basement to see what was taking Ronald and Jason so long and happened upon a large crowd. She made her way through to see what the commotion was all about and when she noticed Ronald lying in a pool of his blood, she screamed at the top of her lungs while her legs betrayed her and she fell to her knees instantly.
“Ronald! Oh my God! Ronald!” 
Jason froze when he heard his mother’s shrieks. He stared down at his father whose body began to jerk violently for some seconds then stopped abruptly. At that moment, everything stopped for Jason. He could see the strangers walking toward him but they were moving in slow motion and he could see their mouths moving but he couldn’t hear anything coming out of them. His eyes were fixed on his mother who had broken free from the strangers’ grip and was on top of Ronald shaking him like she was trying to wake him from a deep sleep. Jason’s stare became blank and empty and he felt as if he were dreaming. His fists clenched and his vision blurred.
During all the commotion and confusion, Paula was beside herself with unbearable grief. Ronald wasn’t moving and was succumbing to his wounds. Although she was a nurse’s aide, she was too frazzled to administer any medical assistance. 
Jason remained in a stupor but could still hear his mother screaming at the top of her lungs for help. 
“Spread out and give him so air!” Someone yelled out frantically.
“Don’t move him! Did anyone call the paramedics!” Someone else chimed.
“Did anyone see who did this!” Another person screamed. 
Jason looked at the crowd through desolate eyes. He started to back away from the crowd until he bumped into a parked car and feeling the support of the vehicle he stopped and slid down to the ground. He stared down at his shaking hands that were covered in his father’s blood then looked up to the ceiling and kept shaking his head, unable to grasp what just happened to his father. He could still hear his mother wails echoing incessantly in his ears, it was so overwhelming that he put his blood soaked hands over his ears and bowed his head and screamed, NOOOOOO!”



Chapter 3
Buchanan DNA

It was raining hard the day of the funeral and the black Cadillac stretch limo was filled with family members from Jason’s father’s side. 
Paula kept herself busy by serving everyone and making sure everything was in order. While she did that, Jason retreated to his room; he didn’t want to be around anyone. He sat on his bed wondering how life was going to be without his father. Jason and his mother both depended on him for everything. 
Ronald’s brother, Rick, walked pass Jason’s room and noticed him sitting on the bed. 
“What’s up nephew?” Rick asked as he peeked his head in the room waiting for an invitation to come in.
Jason peered up at his uncle Rick. He was the splitting image of his father save for the small, darkened birthmark across his cheek that was shaped like a pineapple. He was tall and slender but solid as a tree, his jaw was square and his shoulders were broad and muscular. He had powerful forearms and his biceps were toned. 
“Nothing uncle Rick. Just sitting here thinking.” Jason whispered.
Rick walked into Jason’s room and closed the door behind him. He pulled up a chair, turned it backwards then sat down and rubbed his goatee. He looked at Jason and could see the hurt and confusion in his eyes. 
“You know something Jason? Your pops was a real muthafucka.”
Jason looked up at his uncle in shock because no one ever cursed in his home.
“What do you mean uncle Rick?” Jason replied with a deficient look in his eyes.
Rick tilted his head from side to side looking at Jason. He resembled his mother but was built more like his father and that seemed like the only thing he inherited because his character and body language gave no inkling he possessed any of the great qualities his father had as a man. 
“Look Jason. I’m going to be straight with you. I know there are things you don’t know about your pops and I’m ‘bout to tell you so just listen and don’t get all emotional and start feeling a ways about what you’re about to hear. Ok?”
Jason straightened his posture and gave his full attention to his uncle Rick.
“I’m sure nobody told you this, but your pops was a gangster in his days, a real life bank robber. He used to rob banks with a crew of guys from Harlem called the “G.A.G. (Get Away Gang)”. They robbed banks successfully for about eight years and your pops was the mastermind behind it all. He was a slick dude and his crew was not your average bank robbers, they were like the bank robbers from the western days, going state to state robbing banks but without the horses.” Rick laughed. “Him and his crew got away with tons of money before he finally got caught and went to prison.”  
“My father had been to jail before?” Jason asked, a look of surprise and anticipation etched on his face. 
“Not just jail boy, prison. There’s a difference. Your pops was arrested in North Carolina and did about 10 years in Central Prison. Them crackers down there didn’t take too well to a black man stealing money from them. When they caught him they tried to link him to all bank robberies that happened in that state but had a hard time proving his involvement because he didn’t match the description of the team of bank robbers.” Rick smirked, “See, your pops was creative in how he did things. His crew consisted of four guys, all from Harlem, and before every bank robbery they would disguise themselves. They would put heavy foundation on their hands and faces to distort their skin color, put lifts on the bottom of their shoes to alter their height, stuff their clothing with foam to look heavier, and wear different wigs. He coordinated and executed each robbery and had it down to a science. Ronald was a very intelligent dude.” Rick gazed upward to the ceiling submerged in his own thoughts. “He never complained about his time and told us they couldn’t hold him forever and no amount of time they gave him could take away the money he had robbed them for. When he got released, he came back to Brooklyn and a while after he met your moms. He never went back to robbing banks when he came home because he was still stacked up from all the other bank robberies.” Rick sucked his teeth, “You never wondered how he stayed dressing sharp as a tack and driving a new Lincoln or Caddy? Anyway, he never said how much dough he had stashed but I knew he had a hefty amount stashed before he got locked up. Shit, he came home spending money like it was going out of style.” Rick paused and looked at Jason then continued, “I remember when he met your moms. He told me he met some nurse chick in a hospital when his man Smitty got stabbed up in a bar fight. He told me she was the one that was going to make him change his life around, and man, he ain’t never lied. When they started dating, I remember him telling me he was about to lose your moms because she found out he went to prison for robbing a bank but he was smooth and explained it away and promised her that life was behind him and that he wanted to settle down with her. Soon after, that muthafucka was working in a warehouse.”  
Jason sat mesmerized by the story he was hearing about his father. He never imagined in his wildest dream that his father was involved in the things his uncle disclosed. Hearing for the first time his father was a convicted felon and had done a long stint in prison made Jason excited and unfamiliarly proud but at the same time he felt cheated because had his father told him about his background then he may have gotten that edge he needed to thwart his timid persona.
Rick wasn’t finished. “You know after your twin died at birth it tore a part of your pops heart out and you became the balance he needed to get pass it. You were his pride and joy because he always dreamed of having a boy. He told me he wanted to make sure you had a dual education. Knowledge of the streets, that holding the greatest importance, then school smarts followed second, which was the tool needed to give you poise. He wanted you to have the best of both worlds. He always bragged and said you were going to be successful and dangerous because you had a mixture of both aristocrat blood from your moms and the blood of a real gangster. The only problem he had was your moms, she wanted you to be strictly book smart with no knowledge of the streets. She single handedly sabotaged everything he tried to instill in you at an early age.” Rick shook his head. “Your moms shielded you from everything your pops tried to expose you to. He argued she was raising you to be soft but she disregarded him. She kept you confined and you was never out of her sight or reach. Yo kid, your moms kept you sheltered from anything she felt represented the streets. Ronald respected her views and tried to explain to her she needed to balance it out or you would be one-dimensional but she was dead set against anything he was trying to tell her. The way she acted, you would think we were all criminals.” Rick smirked. “Anyway, your pops gave in and eventually let your mother raise you the way she wanted. Now here you are.” 
Jason listened intently to what his uncle was saying and the part about himself had him finally understanding why he was so fearful and timid, it had everything to do with how his mother raised him. It all was starting to make sense to him.
Rick continued, “I know you probably wondering how I know so much about your life right? Well me and your pops was tighter than mosquito pussy. He always talked to me about how he wanted you to turn out so now that he’s gone, it’s my obligation, no it’s my duty, to do what he was unable to finish. I’m going to teach and show you things you need to know in order to survive in this world. No one is immune, not even my brother and he was strong both mentally and physically. I’m going to educate you about these streets because you need it to survive.”
“Uncle Rick, I’m really not like my father at all, I told grandmother that earlier today. I’m not sure I can be like him.” Jason admitted sincerely.
“Nobody expects you to be like him and he didn’t expect that of you either but you have to recognize that you’re cut from the same cloth son, his blood flows through your veins so you have his DNA. You have our DNA. You are his son. Do you understand?” 
“I think so.” Jason lowered his head slowly. 
In his heart, Jason knew he wasn’t cut out to be the man his father was. Rick’s revelations proved it. Since he was under his mother’s tutelage and not his father’s, he wasn’t raised to have an aggressive or forceful character, he was more amicable and apprehensive. 
“Listen.” Rick got up from the chair and placed his hand on his shoulder. “I’ll be here to help you with whatever you need but your mom is not going to like it but like I said, I have a duty to make sure you see this world in color.” 
Jason looked up at his uncle and his eyes got watery. 
“Uncle Rick. I don’t want to be weak and defenseless like I was when my father was murdered. I only wish I were bigger and stronger so I could have helped him out but I was afraid uncle Rick, I was so afraid and my fear is the reason he died. It’s my fault because he was trying to protect me. If I would have fought back, if he would have known that I could handle myself then maybe he would be alive.” Jason started crying openly. 
“Hold on!” Rick held Jason’s shoulders tightly with both hands. “Don’t you ever blame yourself or anyone else for taking your pops away from us but those bum ass muthafuckas! It wasn’t your fault nephew! Your father lived and died as a man protecting his cub.” Rick stated proudly.
“I know you’re right uncle Rick but that’s just how I feel.” 
Jason hugged his uncle and Rick squeezed him lovingly. He didn’t know his uncle Rick that well nor any of his father’s family for that matter, but that day a strong bond was created between them. 
Rick could see Jason was a fearful soul but vowed to be there for his brother’s son if he ever needed him. Rick was well educated in the seedy underworld and was very successful at what he did and was going to teach Jason what he knew about the streets and if Jason didn’t catch on then it would mean it was just his destiny to grow up to be a fragile and weak man. 
Rick released his hug then walked to the door and before opening it turned to Jason, “Remember nephew. You have your pop’s genes.” With that, he closed the door behind him.
When Rick left the room, Jason got up and looked in the mirror hanging on the wall next to his closet. The reflection in the mirror was of a scared little boy with fear written all over his innocent face. The one thing he couldn’t see was his father’s heart, his eyes didn’t lie. He had always been a coward and his father knew it, even in school as far back as he could remember, he was always singled out and picked on but his father always came to his defense. When he was chased home from school, his father would go there and diffuse the situation immediately. That was a secret he never revealed to his mother because his father told him he didn’t want to worry her, instead he would tell Jason to let him know anytime he had problems. Now that his father was no longer around to protect him he felt a deep loss but talking to his uncle Rick brought him some solace and he hoped he wouldn’t have to call on him to fight his battles as his father had done for him. Rick made him realize his bullies saw the same fear in him as Rick and it angered him. At that instance he became enraged and hot tears of frustration poured from his eyes. 

Chapter 4
Bully Beatdown

Paula walked Jason to the door and kissed him on his cheek. 
“I can’t believe you’re graduating already. It seems just like yesterday I was bottle feeding you.”
“I know, it did come pretty fast. I have one more project to complete for my scholarship so I’ll see you when I’m done. I love you.” Jason said then headed out the door for school. 
Once Jason was gone, Paula went into her room to get dressed for work. It had been four years since her husband’s death and she still hadn’t had the time to mourn properly because she never got any closure on his murder. It sickened her how the police never found out who killed her husband but she never gave up looking for his murderers and would call the detectives handling the case monthly to see if they had any leads and every time they would tell her they were still investigating. She hoped and prayed one day she would get justice for his death so she could move on with her life. 
She looked in the mirror and spoke to the image loudly, “Why did this happen to me? Why to us? I’ve done everything right. I’ve always been a better than average mother and a good wife to you Ronald. So why did this happen to us!” Her eyes glistened with tears, “Do you think it’s because I didn’t listen to you when it came to raising Jason, is that where I went wrong?” Paula sniffled, “I just didn’t want him to turn out to be a criminal, I wanted better for him. That’s the only reason I pushed so hard for him to focus on his academics. Look at him now, he’s on a straight road to success; he’s going to be a positive, successful black man in this cruel world. He wants to be a chemist in market research or work for the Department of Environmental Protection and he can be either if he wants to. So I did do a good job and I am a good mother.” 
Paula looked at the reflection of her alarm clock in the mirror reading 8:15 backwards. She had to hurry and get dressed if she planned on catching the 8:30 bus to her job at the hospital.

***

As Jason walked to Brooklyn Technical High School, he stopped at a deli and brought two bacon, eggs, and cheese sandwiches on a roll. While waiting for his order he stared at the throng of students in the store laughing and talking loudly amongst themselves as if he weren’t there. He wasn’t popular in school and mostly stayed to himself. When his order was ready, he paid for it and headed toward school walking slowly, deep in thought about his future. He dreamed of having a girlfriend and experiencing sex before graduating because he didn’t want to enter college a virgin. He wanted to marry, have kids and provide for his family as his father had done for him but it was difficult for him to pursue a romantic relationship. He lacked the social skills or swagger to impress a girl and being a nerd and bullied in school didn’t help his situation any.
Jason was naturally intelligent and was in the top 98 percentile in the borough. He outshined his classmates with little to no effort on his part and was thought to be somewhat of a genius. He was elected Valedictorian of his graduating class, won numerous awards, and had received a full Science scholarship to New York University. His education was very important to him because it was his escape from the thing he feared most, being bullied. 
Although he was driven for success scholastically, he never forgot what his uncle told him the day of his father’s funeral and unbeknownst to his mother, would hang out with him in hopes of balancing out his character. Rick had a lucrative gambling/pool hall in Brownsville as well as numerous drug spots sprinkled in different areas of Brooklyn. He would ride with Rick sometimes to pick up money from the workers and occasionally ride with him to drop off packages and Rick would pay him a large amount of money for accompanying him. Rick always asked if he wanted to run one of his spots or work in his pool/gambling hall but he declined every time. On their down time, Rick would give him a crash course of the streets. It was a different but interesting aspect of life for him and he listened closely and soaked in as much as his inexperienced mind would allow. However brutal the lessons, he stomached them because he wanted to know what was on both sides of the fence. Rick answered any questions he asked and kept his coaching on street life raw and explicit so he would not be fooled by what the streets offered. He even slap boxed with Jason and from what Rick told him, he was a natural but added the fact he still didn’t see the spark needed to make a full transition into a predator. No matter how much Rick tried, he couldn’t shake his timid persona.  
“Ay yo!” Someone yelled out to Jason, startling him out of his thoughts.
Jason looked up from the ground and saw who was calling him, B-Lo, a sophomore that attended his school.
“Yo bitch, you ain’t hear me calling you?” he barked as Jason walked in his direction.
“I’m coming.” 
“Hurry the fuck up, I’m hungry.” He looked at the bag Jason was carrying. 
B-Lo snatched the bag from Jason’s hand and stuffed his hands inside and pulled out a sandwich wrapped in aluminum foil. 
“Where the fuck is my orange juice?” he questioned Jason as he unraveled the sandwich from its hiding place in the foil.
“I forgot, I can go to the store on the corner and get you one.” Jason answered quickly.
“Nah muthafucka, just add a buck to what you got for me today.” B-Lo said with his mouth full of the sandwich.
“Alright, uh, you have change for a five?” Jason asked pulling out a $50 bill and a single $5 bill.
B-Lo laughed wickedly, “Yea, give it here.” His gritty palms were outstretched to receive the bills, “Sike! You ain’t getting shit muthafucka. Now get the fuck outta my face ‘fore I slap the living shit outta you!” B-Lo growled, revealing all the food stuck between his teeth.
Jason walked off into the school entrance humiliated beyond belief because there were students standing around watching him get chumped once again. He was getting fed up with getting pushed around but the fear he felt wouldn’t allow him react to the constant verbal and physical abuse. He lowered his head and walked up the stairs to the science lab to finish the project he needed to hand in before graduation, while trying to avoid the giggles and stares. 
Once inside the science lab he started on his project, channeling all his frustration into his work. He began pouring different chemicals into a tube and started mixing them, waiting for the desired results from the mixture. A slim Asian kid with a buzz haircut approached Jason and stood beside him as white smoke rose out of his tube. At that precise moment Jason had a dastardly thought, he could poison B-Lo by lacing his sandwich with an untraceable solvent that would kill him weeks after ingestion.
“Excuse me Jason.” The young kid interrupted. “I know you don’t know me but I wanted to tell you that I really look up to you man.”
“Huh?” Jason turned and looked the slim kid in his face, taken aback by his statement. 
“I was saying that I really respect you man. I don’t mean to get in your business but I’ve seen that guy always bothering you but through it all you maintained your focus. Even though you go through a lot of bullshit you haven’t lost sight of what’s really important. The only reason I’m telling you this is because I get picked on too, but the only difference is, it affects me academically.” 
Jason looked at the young guy and the evil thought he had was immediately erased after hearing the student’s testimony.
“Look, in life there are going to be times when you will be faced with many challenges. You have to know what your destiny is and not allow anyone or anything to divert you from that path. That will be your biggest test. Your ability to sidestep and overcome your obstacles is what determines your success.” Jason said to him.
“I try to stay focused on my studies but after getting pushed around it takes its toll on me and I get angry and can’t concentrate on anything but how to stop these guys from fucking with me.” The young Asian kid commented. 
Jason could see the young student was experiencing what he too had endured in school his whole life and genuinely sympathized with him.
“I can tell you one thing. There will come a day when you will overcome all of this. If it doesn’t kill you it will only make you stronger and you have to believe that.” Jason lectured.
“But I don’t want to continue to take all this mistreatment, at times I want to lash out. I mean, I’m not the tough guy type but there’s but so much I can take. I’m tired of these guys always fucking with me and I don’t think I can go through another two years of this, honestly.” 
“In life we make choices, and in life, we are held accountable for those choices. You have to ask yourself what is your best recourse. Sometimes you have to reach deep down inside and find a way to disassociate yourself with it all.”  
“Is that what you do?” the young student asked.
“To be honest, I had to accept it as part of who I am. My weakness is exploited through these guys that need me to make them feel superior. The way I look at it, I’m doing them a service as they are doing me one by making me push harder for success so I won’t have to endure this kind of treatment once I reach my goal.” 
The young Asian student looked at Jason as if he were Confucius then shook his hand and thanked him for the talk. 
After the student left, Jason continued to work on his science project. When he looked down at his watch, he realized it was almost time for him to go. He hadn’t planned to take so long because he was supposed to meet with Rick. He gathered up his knapsack and headed out the door of the class and went to the staircase that led to the back door of the building where Rick usually met him. As he pushed open the swinging door to the staircase he smelled a familiar odor of marijuana and when he looked to his left, B-Lo was standing in the corner with a blunt hanging from his lips.
“Looky looky. Where your faggot ass going?” B-Lo’s intimidating voice grumbled.
Jason was scared shitless and stopped dead in his tracks. B-Lo was by himself but that didn’t take away from the natural fear Jason felt. 
“You got anything else for me in your pockets?” B-Lo eyed Jason’s pockets. “You know something? When you graduate I’m gonna have to find somebody else that pays me like you do. You was my best customer.” B-Lo said stepping to Jason menacingly.
“I don’t have any more money on me B-Lo.” Jason stammered.
“Well you gonna have to find another way to pay your dues before you leave here.” B-Lo’s eyes lowered and were blood shot red from the cannabis plant he was smoking. 
Jason looked at him with a puzzled look on his face. 
“You don’t understand what I’m telling you faggot?” B-Lo gestured to his zipper.
Jason looked down at his zipper then slowly looked at B-Lo in his face, a sly grin formed as he nodded his head at Jason. 
“I can’t do that B-Lo. I’m a man.” Jason reasoned.
“No you not, you a faggot and a pretty faggot at that.” B-Lo began to pull the zipper down on his pants.
“I’m not going to do that B-Lo, I-I-I can’t.” Jason stuttered, backing away. 
“What!” B-Lo boomed and rushed Jason, grabbing him by the collar of his shirt with both hands. 
Jason was petrified and felt frozen solid, hoping someone would come into the staircase to put a stop to what B-Lo was attempting to have him do. He squirmed and broke free from B-Lo’s hold then bolted down the stairs until he reached the first floor where he pushed the handle on the door and flew outside. He ran blindly trying to get as far away from B-Lo as possible.
“Ay boy!” Jason stopped running mid stride.
In his haste he forgot he was to meet Rick and turned around to see him standing across the street waving his arms to get his attention. 
“Come here nephew!”  
“I’m coming uncle Rick.” Jason said, reluctantly making his way across the street.
As Jason crossed the street, B-Lo was just reaching the corner of the school looking up the block for him.
“What the fuck you running for Jason?” Rick questioned his nephew, who was breathing like a bull with a terrified look on his face. “You act like somebody after you.” 
Jason couldn’t respond because of the humiliation he felt. He held his head down in shame. 
“Somebody fuckin’ with you nephew?” 
“There’s this guy…” Jason began but didn’t finish his sentence.
“That dude over there on the corner. Is that muthafucka looking for you?” Rick asked pointing to where B-Lo was standing on the corner looking in their direction.
Jason glanced at where B-Lo was standing. He winked at Jason then started walking back to the school.
“Yes uncle Rick.”
Rick looked at Jason and anger slowly swelled in him. 
“Nephew, was you running from that muthafucka?”
“Yes.” Jason whispered.
“Why he fucking with you? What happened?” Rick asked his eyes on B-Lo as he headed toward the school. 
“He’s always messed with me since he started going to this school. He’s mad because I’m graduating and he’s not going to have anyone else to bully when I’m gone.”
“That’s bullshit nephew. You let that muthafucka fuck with you? Why you ain’t tell me man? You can’t let muthafuckas do that shit to you. You gotta whip his ass to show him you’re not to be fucked with! Your hand skills is decent enough for you to handle the average muthafucka on the street. Shit!” Rick was fuming. “Aiight fuck it. Get in the car I’m gonna go straighten this muthafucka out quick fast in a hurry.” Rick hurried across the street to catch up to B-Lo.
Jason stood by the car shaking as a blanket of shame enveloped his body. 

***

B-Lo walked through the school hallways looking for another one of his many vics to extort. When he couldn’t find anyone he went into the bathroom to relieve himself and finish smoking his blunt. He was in the stall when he heard the door of the bathroom open. He lit his blunt as he pulled his zipper down to take a leak. He took a deep toke of the blunt as the tip blazed in an orange and red glow then blew out the smoke. Suddenly the stall door swung open. 
“You like fucking with muthafuckas, huh?” 
B-Lo turned around to see who was speaking to him in that tone. As soon as he turned a sharp pain shot through his mouth from a slug to his jaw that buckled him. He tried to regroup and charged his assailant but missed his target and was met with a barrage of lefts and rights that blinded him. He fell to the cold tiled floor and scurried back towards the sinks. He jumped to his feet in time to throw a lazy right hand that was blocked and countered with two swift hooks that twisted his head so violently it met the porcelain sink with a clanging thud. Disoriented, B-Lo could not regain his composure enough to fight off being dragged away from the sink toward the urinals. His head was repeatedly slammed against the white urinal until it was stained in red droplets of his blood. 
B-Lo was then pulled to his feet and punched fiercely in his Adam’s apple and left to fall back to the floor in a bloody heap. Barely moving, he was stomped incessantly in his groin area and then finally kicked in his mouth viciously, dislodging his two front teeth. 
“Look at you muthafucka! You not so tough now huh!”
B-Lo had taken a savage beating and was close to being in an unconscious state. His moan was so faint that it could hardly be heard over the trickling water in the sink. 
“You better be careful who you fuck with playboy. You never know who they know. Don’t ever forget this ass whipping either muthafucka and never forget this face you fucking bitch!” B-Lo was kicked in his head so hard his body instantly coiled up in the fetal position.
B-Lo was murmuring something and his assailant stooped down, “What’s that you saying? You gonna tell? Ok.” His assailant chopped him in his forehead making the back of his head bounce off the floor.  
“Tell them it was Bunz then muthafucka! Tell them Bunz did this to you, run tell that you fucking faggot!”  He stood up and washed his hands in the sink quickly then exited the bathroom.


Chapter 5
H.S. Graduation

Jason’s palms were sweaty and he was a nervous wreck. He recited his speech a million times in the mirror and had it memorized but all of a sudden his mind was completely blank and he couldn’t remember what he had written. He decided to walk outside to clear his head and get some fresh air to see if it would spark his memory. 
He walked pass the crowd of spectators hugging, crying, and laughing with their loved ones who were graduating. As he moved through the crowd and got to the doors of the auditorium someone grabbed his arm. 
“Hey Jason, congratulations.” The young student said.
Jason turned around and smiled warmly when he saw the young Asian student standing in front of him.
“Thanks. How you coming along?” Jason asked as he stopped to speak to the young student.
“I’m fine man, no more problems.”
“That’s great. So you took my advice and just ignored those guys huh?”
“I didn’t have to, they just stopped messing with me.”
“Just like that? That’s even better.”
“Not just like that…I guess you didn’t hear what happened to the guy that used to bully everyone in school?
“No, I didn’t. What happened?”
“He was found in the bathroom beaten and unconscious some weeks back. I heard about it a couple of days after we spoke.” The Asian student was smiling. 
Jason’s expression changed immediately.
“That’s terrible. Is he ok? Do they know who did that to him?” 
“He didn’t come back to school so I’m not sure if he’s ok or not but who cares anyway?” The student shrugged his shoulders. “The funny thing is he wouldn’t say who did it to him but whoever did it had it out for him because he was beaten like a rag doll. What’s even more funny is, the guys that used to pick on me got wind of what happened and because they don’t know who did it, they stopped bullying everyone.” 
“I’m sorry to hear that happened to him; I hope he’s ok and those guys learned their lesson.”  
The Asian student had a weird look in his eyes, “I knew you were different. Even after all you’ve been through with that guy you still care if he’s ok. Well, I just wanted to thank you for talking with me that day and congratulations again.” 
“Thanks. See you around” Jason said as he walked off. 
“Everyone please get to your seats. The graduate procession will begin shortly.” A voice boomed over the speakers in the auditorium.  
Paula came through the doors just in time to catch a glimpse of her son walking down the aisle toward his seat in the front row. She hurriedly moved down the aisle behind him and tapped him on his shoulder.
“Hey baby.” She said when he turned around.
“Hey mother.” Jason replied hugging her tightly.
Paula stepped back and looked at her son and her eyes watered as her emotions took over. 
“Baby, I’m so proud of you. I love you so much.” 
Jason was emotionally overwhelmed. His mother had always told him how much she loved him but today her voice was laced with more than just love, she was euphoric and he too broke down. 
“Oh baby, I almost forgot. Do you need your speech? I brought it from home just in case.” 
“Mother, you’re a lifesaver. Like always, you’re always there when I need you most.” Jason said as he took the papers out of her hand. 
“I’ll always be here for you baby.” Paula said proudly kissing him on his cheek then quickly turning to take her seat.
Paula found her row and noticed Rick sitting down dressed in a bone colored linen suit with a black t-shirt. His feet were complimented with a pair of shiny black alligator shoes with gold tips on the ends of the shoestrings. His legs were crossed and he was perusing through the ceremony program given to guests when they entered the auditorium. Much as she hated to, she had to admit he was dressed well and looked good. 
“Hello Rick.” Paula greeted him as she slid into the empty seat next to him. 
“Oh, what’s up Paula? Thanks for the ticket.” He replied looking up at her.
“Anyone else accompany you?” She asked looking at the empty seats next to him.
“Nah. My mom’s wanted to come but she ain’t been feeling good lately.” Rick lied. 
“I’m sorry to hear that but I’m sure Jason will be glad to see you attended.” 
“Yea. I know you proud of him Paula, him being valleyvictorian and all. He’s a real smart dude. You did a good job.”  
“It’s valedictorian and thank you Rick, that really means a lot to me. I only wish his father could have been here to witness this.” 
The ceremony started while they were talking and their attention was drawn to the stage. When Jason was announced as the valedictorian of the graduating class, Paula’s eyes glistened with tears as her son commenced his speech. 
“Principal Thompson, Trustees, Faculty members, family, friends, and the 2003 graduating class, today is a great day, a day that is to be remembered and cherished for years to come. I have so much to be thankful for today…” 
When the ceremony concluded Jason made his way through the crowd to where his mother was standing with his uncle Rick. 
“What’s up uncle Rick?” Jason greeted his uncle with a loving hug.
“What’s good nephew?”
“Nothing much I’m just glad this part is over. I’m ready to put this all behind me and start something new.” Jason said reaching over to give his mother a hug. 
“That’s right nephew, real life begins today and it’s a beautiful...” Rick stopped in mid sentence as he ogled a slim woman who was returning his glaze. 
“Jason, my baby. You’ve made me so proud.” Paula cried to her son. 
“Thanks mother. I couldn’t have done any of this without you.” Jason held his mother in his arms firmly.
Paula looked at her son admiring how his maturity improved his already handsome features. He had grown a mustache as well as a few strings below his chin that lay smoothly against his skin. He was beefy and muscular like that of a wrestler although he didn’t lift any weights or engage in any sports. His complexion had tinted slightly to resemble a model that had been to a tanning salon. 
“Hey nephew, why don’t you come hang out with me later on tonight?” 
Jason looked at his mother who flashed a disapproving glare.
“Sure Uncle Rick. What are we going to do?” Jason asked looking at his mother.
“Don’t worry about that kid. You gonna be wit’ me so you good.” Rick replied pounding his closed fist against his chest.
“Look Rick. Please don’t take Jason to any of those crazy places where he can get hurt.” Paula interjected, unable to contain her disagreement of Rick’s offer.
“Ahh, come on Paula. You think I’m gonna take my nephew somewhere where he gotta wear a vest and tote some iron. You got me all fucked up.” 
“Please don’t talk to me in your street language Rick because I don’t understand it. That’s one of the main reasons why I don’t like the idea of Jason going anywhere with you. I just don’t understand men your age. You should want to use correct grammar when addressing a woman, you should want to be a productive individual in this society so you can dispel the stigma it has on black men in general. This is what I have taught Jason over the years and look at his accomplishments. I don’t want it to be jeopardized by a night filled with negativity or violence.” 
“See Paula, that’s your problem right there. Number one, I didn’t understand none of that shit you just said and second, you think you better than everybody but fail to realize you live in the same hood I come from. You ain’t no different from the people you live around because you choose to say, ‘Pass the Grey Poopan’ instead of, ‘Pass the fucking mustard’. You think speaking different puts you in a separate class from everybody else but let me wake you from your slumber baby, you have to change your class first in order to be accepted. And believe me, you wouldn’t be accepted in the class you trying to be a part of because you a fake and any real muthafucka will be able to see through your act. It’s like you want Jason to give you the life you always wanted from my brother but this his life not yours, he’s a man Paula not a way up and out for you. And as far as me talking the way I talk and acting the way I do, you might be right but I get what the fuck I want and need talking this way. Jason is grown and can make his own decisions, you can’t keep dictating what this boy gonna do because it’s his fucking life!”
“Listen to your ignorance, it’s a waste of time to try and talk sensible to you. Furthermore, you are really not worth it and I’m not going to entertain your feeble way of thinking.” She turned to Jason, “Do you want to go with your uncle Rick?”
“Mother, I would like to go with uncle Rick, I mean, I’m old enough to make the right decisions and you’ve taught me how to handle myself so I’ll be all right.” Jason hoped his reasoning would put her at ease.
“Ok. As much as I don’t like this, I trust your decision Jason and have confidence in your judgment. Just be careful and enjoy yourself despite who you’re with.” 
Paula looked at Rick who was smiling ear to ear when he heard his nephew’s decision. She kissed Jason on his cheek and hugged him once more before turning on her heels and leaving without as much as a good bye for Rick. 
“Damn nephew, your mom’s heart must be made of ice. I ain’t gonna lie, I can’t see how you lived with her this long and she ain’t drive your young ass crazy.”
“She’s ok unc, I’ve lived with her all my life so I’m used to it.”
“I hear you nephew. Anyway, you need to go to your crib and come up out of that penguin suit you got on and put on something a lil’ more comfortable.”
“Ok. Let’s be out.” Jason said trying to use his uncle’s lingo.



Chapter 6
Buchanan Graduation

The inside of the car smelled faintly like potpourri from the green tree hanging from the rearview mirror disguising the smell of the marijuana Rick was inhaling into his lungs. The aroma danced inside Jason’s nostrils as he was forced to breathe in the smoke from inside the vehicle. 
“Can I roll down the window uncle Rick?” 
“Is you crazy boy? And let out all my good smoke.” Rick replied between tokes.
The rolled up windows turned the Chevy Blazer into a giant bong as the smoke circulated throughout with nowhere to escape but into the occupants’ lungs.
“I’m feeling a little light headed.” Jason remarked. 
His virgin lungs were not used to the foreign fragrance being ingested into his respiratory system. A snowy feeling slowly came over him and he leaned his head back against the headrest and blinked sleepily as he stared out the passenger side window. Rick looked over at his nephew who was slumped in the passenger seat with his eyes half closed. 
“Boy you dun caught a contact.” Rick laughed as he rolled down the windows so his nephew could suck fresh oxygen into his lungs. 
“Mmmm. I told you to roll the window down. Now I’m high.” Jason spoke slowly.
“Aiight. Come on and let’s go up in the club and bag us some bitches. I’m gonna get you laid nephew, that’s my graduation gift to you.” 
Jason exited the vehicle sluggishly but after a few seconds the warm air cleared his senses up a bit. He straightened up as he and Rick walked across Queens Boulevard pass the 59th Street Bridge in Long Island City, Queens. Jason was feeling no pain as they approached the small building with a long burgundy canopy over the front entrance. They walked inside the huge wooden double doors and were met in a small vestibule by two huge black men dressed in black fatigue pants and tight black t-shirts that showed off their tremendous biceps. Printed on the front of the t-shirts in bold white letters was the word “SECURITY” and both men had a hand held metal detector in their huge mitts. Without speaking, one of the guards gestured for Jason to stop then approached him lifting both arms from his side and began frisking him. As Jason was being searched, he turned to Rick who seemed to be getting checked more thoroughly. The other security guard was checking Rick’s boots, his waistband and made him empty out his pockets and then glided the wand over the entire frame of his body three or four times.
“Damn, dem muthafuckas act like they really police and shit!” Rick exclaimed as he entered into the club out of earshot of the enormous bouncers.
“The way they were searching you made me wonder if they knew you intimately.” Jason laughed. 
“That shit ain’t funny nephew.” Rick said grabbing Jason playfully around his neck. 
The inside of the club was a hazy red with different color strobe lights bouncing off the walls. To the right of Jason was a coat check and directly in front of him was a bar with numerous people sitting on stools. The music inside was deafening and Jason had never heard the song that was being played. A DJ announced, “Ok people, there’s a special treat tonight for you. She’s been gone for a while but now she’s back with a new bag of tricks. Coming to the stage, Magic.” 
Jason followed behind Rick, who obviously knew his way around the club. There were young, beautiful women walking around in different color thong sets and sexy lingerie. Jason was overwhelmed and amazed by the scantily clad women. Where he and Rick sat, there was a giant stage that was designed in a “U” shape. There were small stools lined up against the outside part of the stage with a small area to sit drinks on. There were men and women sitting along the inside of the “U” shaped stage as well and money was strewn all over the stage floor. 
Jason’s eyes darted back and forth not able to focus on any one thing because he was engrossed with all he was witnessing. When Rick finally sat down, Jason got a chance to focus on the woman hanging upside down on stage, her body snaked around one of the many poles mounted on it. His eyes were fixed on the dancer named Magic and the rousing show she was putting on. She had a roasted chestnut complexion and while looking up at her from where he was sitting, he could see that her feet and toes were smooth and toenails perfectly manicured. Her body was like nothing he ever saw in the flesh. Her calves were toned and her thighs were thick and round. Her pussy was fat and lay in her thongs tightly, the form of the lips protruding through the thin fabric. Her stomach was flat with a small shiny diamond positioned perfectly in the center opening of her navel. As his eyes wandered further up her beautiful body, the curves leading up to her exposed breast gave him a shortness of breath. Her nipples were dark brown, the same color as her areola and it collided with her skin color perfectly. Her long blonde weave lay flat against the top of her perky breasts. Her face was round and her eyes were big with hazel contacts to compliment her complexion. When she turned around Jason began to feel a strong urge in his midsection. Her ass curved outward from her waist and continued its full course to the back of her strong thighs. She moved gracefully across the stage on the clear stiletto heels, staying with the rhythm of the music playing through the loudspeakers. She stopped in front of Jason whose gaping mouth proved he was under her spell. She turned around slowly, bent down in front of him, close enough for him to see the shaved part of her asshole and shook her bubble ass in his face. Jason almost exploded in his pants from that alone and was panting heavily like someone who just ran a full court of basketball. 
“I want her. I want her.” Jason heard himself mumbling to his uncle, not taking his eyes off Magic.
“I see nephew. She got your young ass sprung and all you did was smell her ass.” Rick chuckled. 
Jason turned his attention to Rick, “Uncle Rick, I want her. I don’t care how much, I want to make love to her.” 
“Whoa. Slow down pimp. Ain’t no love making going down. Let me school you so you don’t wind up sponsoring this hoe for the rest of your young life. First off, look around and tell me what you see?”
Jason turned around and scanned the club, “I see naked women talking to men and drinking.” 
“Ok, now you have to understand something nephew. These women, if that’s what you want to call them, are here for one thing and one thing alone. Your money. They’re not interested in making a love connection; they’re looking to connect with the bread in your pockets. They’re here to make you feel like you the finest thing they ever seen and to act like you’re the smoothest muthafucka that walked through the door. And when you fuck them, they gonna act like you got the anaconda dick and you slaying the pussy but in reality nephew, it’s all a smoke screen. They’re actresses and customer service agents and here to make you, the customer, happy in the role they play. If that means stroking your ego then that’s what the fuck they gonna do, especially if it guarantees them a decent tip and repeat business.”
“Come on uncle Rick. You want me to believe that every one of the girls in here is putting on an act?” 
“Now don’t get me wrong, the seasoned ones are the ones putting on the act but there are some fresh fish that come here as an escape from their fucked up lives. Those broads are usually damaged goods and fucked up emotionally but once they figure out none of these muthafuckas is taking them serious, they become a product of their environment. Any woman willing to take their clothes off and fuck a thousand different dicks has to be mentally fucked up. They damaged goods nephew and you ain’t gonna ever be able to change that, no matter what you do for them.” Rick sipped his drink. “There have been tricks that tried but when they realize they’re beating a dead horse, they done spent half their life savings. If any of them hoes are in love, it’s usually a sick kind of love with a muthafucka that said it to them first. They want to believe they have real love and tend to want what they can’t have then put up with so much bullshit in the name of it. That’s why I say they damaged goods nephew and are not to be taken serious. Remember this and you’ll both come out ahead, forget this and you’ll lose your fucking mind and your money.” 
“I understand what you’re telling me uncle Rick but I really want her. You said it’s my graduation present from you and that’s the one I choose.”
“Ok, but let’s check out the rest of the inventory and if you don’t see anything else that gets a rise out of you like that bitch on stage then I’ll let you get your rocks off on her aiight? But none of that making love shit!” 
“Ok.” Jason replied happily. 
Numerous dancers appeared on stage and Rick placed crumpled dollar bills inside of thongs, rubbed it up against pussies, patted asses, and squeezed breasts while Jason kept his sights on Magic as she strode around the club sitting with patrons, getting drinks, and giving lap dances. She approached the area where Jason was sitting and he almost lost his voice when she sat down next to him. 
“Hey handsome, what’s your name?” The beautiful and stacked stripper asked when she sat down on the stool next to him.
“I’m Jason.” He replied almost too flatly. 
“Wanna buy me a drink Jay?” 
“Um sure, what are you drinking?” He asked digging into his pocket for some money. 
“Sprite with a twist of lemon.” 
“A Sprite? I thought you would want some liquor or beer.” 
“No baby, you assumed I would want alcohol, I asked for a drink. I don’t drink alcohol.”
“Oh I’m sorry. When you’re not working, do you drink alcohol?” 
“No, I’ve had bad experiences with alcohol, I prefer to smoke.” 
“Would that be marijuana or cigarettes?” Jason asked.
Magic chuckled, “I see you catch on quick Jay. I prefer to blaze some good green.” 
Jason looked over at Rick who was preoccupied whispering something in the ear of a dancer while palming her ass.
“Jay baby, are you going to get me that drink? My throat is kinda dry.” Magic said tapping her throat and looking at the bills in Jason’s hand. 
“I’m sorry Magic, I was waiting for someone to come over to take the order.” 
“It’s ok, let’s just go up to the bar and order.” She said getting up from her seat and heading towards the bar.
Jason jumped up and followed behind her like a puppy, his eyes glued to her ass. She turned to wait for him and saw he was looking at her ass and smiled to herself.
“Is this your first time here Jay?” Magic asked as she took a sip of her drink.
“Yes. I just graduated from high school. I’m going to NYU in the fall.” 
“Oh you ‘bout to be a college man. I like college men with intellect.” Magic said grabbing Jason’s hand in hers and drawing circles in his palm with her middle finger.
“Yes, I’m a Chemistry major.” Jason said proudly.
“Interesting. What do you do for fun when you’re not doing chemistry Jay?”
“I don’t do much. This is the most excitement I’ve had since I can remember. In fact this is the only excitement I’ve had.” Jason said chuckling.
“Well, how about I take your excitement up a notch for you? Wanna a lap dance?” Magic was massaging his hands and stroking her fingers up and down his forearm slowly.
Jason was taken aback by her forwardness. Despite what Rick just told him, he wanted to make love to her and didn’t want her rubbing up on his hardened tool teasing him with a lap dance. 
“I want a little more than a lap dance.” Jason looked at the ground as he spoke, “I want to make love to you.” 
“Oh my goodness, you want to make love to me. That is so cute. But baby, we’re not allowed to make love in here, that’s against the law.” Magic explained then whispered in his ear, “If you want to make love that’s something that we do on our own personal time Jay.” 
Her breath was sweet and warm, and her voice was soft and tickled his eardrums when she spoke. 
“Ok so how can I arrange for that to happen?” Jason asked enthusiastically.
“Hold on daddy,” Magic said to him looking down at the bulge in his jeans, “Let me try and get that thing in your pants tamed first. Let’s go private so I can release some of that bent up tension you have inside.” 
“Ok, let me tell my uncle I’m taking you to a private room.”
“Trust me Jay, once he don’t see you, he gonna know. Now let’s go before my session comes up to go back on stage.” Magic led the way to the back of the club. 
When thy reached the private area, another huge bouncer was standing with arms folded guarding the area like gold bouillons were somewhere in the back. 
“Jay, its $80 to go back there for five minutes, is that ok with you?” Magic asked in her sweetest voice.
“No problem.” Jason replied digging into his pockets and handing her the money.
They walked pass the bouncer and into a room that was about the size of a walk-in closet. There was a mirror on the side of the wall and a narrow bench like chair with carpet covering it along the other side of the wall. Jason sat down and was mesmerized by how beautiful Magic was in the brightly lit room. She turned to him and grabbed her breasts immediately and began to massage them staring Jason in his eyes seductively. She began gyrating her hips and moved close to his face and he smelled her perfumed middle and licked his lips. Her movements were methodical and she turned around and shook her ass in his face. Then she straddled him and grinded her pussy on his stiff tool and pressed her titties between his nose and mouth. He used both hands to grope her ass and pumped with her, pulling her closer to him and sucking her exposed breasts. She moaned and groaned as if he was inside her and this increased his rhythm. As he began to jerk back and forth she dismounted him, undid his zipper swiftly, pulled out his pole and began stroking it feverishly. Jason threw his head backwards and closed his eyes as he felt her spit on the tip of his dick as she jerked him off. Jason moaned and swiveled his waist to the movements of Magic’s soft hands. As he was about to explode, Magic pointed his muscle away from her and let the white cream shoot across the room like a super soaker and cooed as his body went limp. 
She passed him a wet wipe that was kept in the room for such occasions and let him wipe off. 
“Damn Jay, you busted a fierce load outta that monster dick of yours. I was about to suck you but you came so fast.”
“I’m sorry, it’s just that no one has ever done that for me.” Jason said with a tinge of embarrassment in his voice. 
“Oh Jay that’s ok baby. It’s sort of like my first time too.”
“You mean you never did this before?” 
“Not like this, with you I was really feeling it. I wanted to please you. I wanted you inside of me.”
Jason’s manhood began to rise again. He grabbed his pole and stroked it a couple of times looking at Magic.
“Next time I won’t cum so fast I promise.” Jason said almost begging.
There was a knock on the door.
“Oh shit, that’s our time baby. Damn and I was ready for you.” 
“Ah hell!” Jason exclaimed. 
He put his love muscle back in his pants and zipped up as Magic checked herself in the full-length mirror. 
“When can I get a chance to see you again?” Jason asked as they headed back into the crowded club. 
“Whenever you want baby but right now I have to get ready to go back on stage.” Magic said walking away to get ready for her set. 
Jason walked back to Rick who seemed clueless to the fact he had even left until he actually saw him walking towards him. 
“Where you went nephew, to go take a shit? I mean you was gone for a minute.” 
“No uncle Rick, I was with Magic. We went private.” Jason said a feeling of maturity permeating in his voice.
“Couldn’t wait huh. It’s all good nephew, at least you got your rocks off. I hope you strapped up ‘cause you can’t trust these hoes you know. So how was the pussy?” Rick asked downing the remaining brown liquid in his glass.
“I didn’t have sex with her uncle Rick.” 
“Huh? You went to those rooms in the back and you ain’t fuck her?” Rick asked staring directly at Jason.
“Well, she was rubbing up against me first and then she pulled my stuff out and started stroking me before we actually had sex but I came too fast.”
“How much did you pay to go back there?” 
“$80.”
“80 bucks and you didn’t split her slit? She played you nephew.” Rick said. “Did you get some brain at least?” 
“What is brain?” 
“Head boy.” Rick looked at Jason like he was illiterate. “Did she suck your pee pee?”
“No. She was about to do it but my time was up and she had to go back on stage. She said I can hook up with her later on though.” 
“Is that right?” Rick shook his head, “That was an expensive ass jerk off. You gonna have to pay like you weigh if you want to taste that candy son. You don’t believe your uncle, do you boy? I’m gonna let you find out on your own and you let me know how it turns out. I just hooked something up with that fine bitch named Silk so we gonna hang around until she gets off.” 
“All right. I’m going to try and hook up with Magic for tonight too then.” 
Rick excused himself to go to the restroom and Jason waited for Magic to come on stage. When she appeared on stage she was wearing a different outfit and looked more stunning than when he had her in the private room. His eyes followed her as she made her way around the stage stopping and dancing in front of horny men waving money. When she made her way to him she shook her ass but didn’t stay long then moved to a guy two stools down from him and rubbed her breasts in his face as he extracted dollar after dollar out of his pocket to hold her attention. By the time Rick came back to his seat she was completely naked. 
“Damn that bitch got a fat pussy!” Rick exclaimed as he sat down with a fresh drink in his hand. 
Rick pulled out a roll of money from his pocket and waved it trying to get Magic’s attention. Once she saw the money she sashayed over to Rick who immediately rubbed his finger across her clit with the money in his hand. He threw a couple dollars on the stage and motioned for her to stoop down and then he fondled her breasts. She picked up the money and continued to bounce up and down on her heels as Rick continued feeding her financial desires. Jason sat motionless wondering why he was feeling jealous about his uncle messing with his girl. After Rick stopped feeding Magic his money but continued fondling her, she moved on to someone else who was waving money in the air.
“I ain’t gonna front nephew; I can see how you can get sprung on that shit. I might get a shot of that pussy after you done with it.” Rick said not looking at Jason.
Jason was beginning to catch on to what his uncle was doing. There was no way Magic could be interested in him in the same manner he was interested in her if she allowed men to feel up on her for a couple of dollars. He sighed heavily but still wanted to be with her sexually. 
“Why don’t we get her and the other girl Silk to leave and we do them together.” Jason suggested.
“You serious nephew?”
“Yes. I mean why not. We can get both of them and switch up.” 
“Now that’s what I’m talkin’ ‘bout nephew. Now you actin’ like you have Buchanan blood. That’s what’s up.” Rick said slapping his nephew five.

***

Jason and Rick were sitting in the Blazer waiting for the girls to come out of the club. It was club policy for the girls to be escorted out by the bouncers to ensure customers or a jealous ex boyfriend weren’t stalking them. Silk stepped out the club first and was talking to the bouncer. Then Magic popped out with a patron whispering something to her hoping to score for the night. Rick flashed his lights once and stuck his hand out the window of the jeep gesturing the women over to him. Silk recognized him and grabbed Magic by the arm and they both headed to where Jason and Rick were parked. 
“Ok nephew they must be down wit’ it. Now remember, no money until we done, I don’t give a fuck if they leave, I’m not coming out my pockets ‘til we fucked both of them. Got it?” Rick said licking his lips. 
“I understand uncle Rick.” 
“We going straight to the hotel, no pitstops to get nothing to eat or drink. Straight to business aiight?” Rick clarified.
“Ok.” 
Before the women got to the Blazer, Rick jumped out to meet them.
“What’s good Silk? Damn you look different with clothes on.” Rick said jokingly.
“I guess I would if you was only looking at my ass and tits.” She said turning around and poking her ass out. 
“And Magic, you ready to pull a rabbit out of a hat?” Rick said turning his attention to her.
“Tricks are for kids baby, you gotta be grown to fuck with Magic.” She said with sass. 
“I hear that corny cartoon shit.” Rick said laughing. “Well I got some growing up to do. Maybe you’ll show me tonite if e’erthing goes right.” Rick said winking his eye at her.
Rick grabbed both women by their hands and led them to the passenger side of the jeep. He motioned for Jason to get out and as Jason exited the vehicle he greeted both women and let Silk sit in the front passenger seat. Rick opened the back door and let Magic get inside and closed the door behind her. 
“You ladies ready to ride?” Rick asked as he cranked the jeep up and pulled off.
“You know it.” Silk said looking at Rick.
Magic was sitting in the back staring out the window. 
Rick drove straight to a motel in Ozone Park and pulled into the parking lot in the back. He and Jason got out of the car and went inside to the front desk. Jason felt a tinge of embarrassment but remained calm as his uncle filled out the card for a room then told him to fill one out as well. Only two people were allowed in a room at one time so Rick asked for adjoining rooms. The Middle Eastern man behind the clear bullet proof window told him it would be a thirty minute wait and they both went to the entrance of the hotel. Rick stopped near a couch in the lobby and spoke to Jason.
“What’s up nephew, you ain’t said two words to that hoe since we left the club.”
“I didn’t know what to say. She was just looking out the window like she had something on her mind.”
“Nephew, whatever the fuck she got on her mind, you need to make her forget that shit and concentrate on you ‘cause if you don’t, she ain’t gonna be wit’ the menage once we get up in the room.” Rick warned.
“What am I supposed to say?” 
 “You gotta find something to make her responsive. I’m telling you, when we get up in tha room, there ain’t no holding back. We gonna be in the same room and I plan on fucking both dem bitches before checkout time.” 
“Ok uncle Rick, I understand.” Jason said sitting down on the loveseat that was made vacant by a couple who got up when called for their room.
Silk had moved to the back of the jeep with Magic when the guys got out to go get the rooms so she could speak with her closely.
“…the young one is easier to get because he’s green. I don’t think he ever had any pussy.” Magic was telling Silk.
“Shit, then let me get a piece of him too.” Silk suggested.
“Nah baby, I gotta see how deep his pockets is or what kind of cash he has access to. If he ain’t holding then you can have him ‘cause he won’t be worth shit to me if he ain’t got no bread to keep paying on a regular basis. I need a trick like him to pay for my miscellaneous shit like getting my hair and nails done. Something light, nothing really major since he still got Similac on his breath.” Magic said chuckling.
“Shit, I ain’t gonna want him either if he can’t make deposits for some of this silky. But I hear you girl ‘cause once you put it on them young ones they fall in love all fast and shit. I really don’t like the mommy syndrome thing but it can be beneficial if they young ass got some bread, ya feel me?” Silk said snapping her fingers.
“I feel you and if you get the right one you can use they ass as a fuck toy too. You know them little boys’ dicks stay harder than Japanese arithmetic after they bust a nut.” Magic said slapping Silk five.
“You ain’t never lie, them young boys go longer than the Energizer Bunny Rabbit when they get up in some pussy, especially this silky.” Silk added.
“I ain’t gonna lie, I jerked shorty off in private and he busted off in like 3.2 seconds. His young ass ain’t never had a bitch touch his dick. If I get him away from the other dude I could probably mold him to do what I want.” Magic said. 
“The older guy knows the game so you better be careful he don’t peep what you doin’.” Silk warned.
“I know, that’s why I’m gonna wait ‘til his ass is outta earshot. I got this.” Magic said with confidence.
“So what’s up wit’ you and your baby daddy? I ain’t seen you at the club for a minute.” Silk asked. 
“I really thought that muthafucka was gonna stop his bullshit but he tipped me up again.” Magic parted her weave at the base of her head. “This time he hit me in the back of my fucking head with a gun. I couldn’t come to work for a minute after that.” 
“You gotta leave that muthafucka alone Magic. He gon’ wind up killing your ass if you don’t.”
“I know, I know but he going through some shit right now and he just be spazzing.”
“Sound like you making excuses. No muthafucka got the right to put his hands on you no matter what the fuck they going through.” 
“You right and I ain’t really making no excuses. I just know that he going through something right now, that’s all.”  
“Well it seems like he going through it upside your fucking head. I’m only concerned ‘cause you my girl. I just don’t want you to end up dead behind that muthafucka.”
“Don’t worry girl. He having money problems and don’t like that I’m the one baking the bread right now. He came up with this little scam, I would find tricks with a lot of money and he would rob them. It was going well but he started getting all in his feelings thinking I was fucking them first and that just fucked everything up. Now the muthafucka got a bad gambling habit along with his alcohol dependency. It’s just frustrating for him and I can understand that. But don’t be fooled, I put him out this time and I took his keys. I made it clear I won’t take him back unless he shows me he changed all the way and I mean it this time.” 
“I want to believe you baby girl but I heard you say this so many times and the same thing always happens. His name should be Magic because he’s the one that has the spell on you boo boo.” Silk said shaking her head. 
“Well like I said, I’m serious this time but if I’m able to talk to him without him spazzing out I’m going see if he’s ready to make some money doing that same shit we was…” Magic stopped talking when she saw Rick approaching the truck. 
Rick tapped on the back window to the truck to tell the girls the rooms were ready. They got out and took their bags and followed him into the motel. Rick gave Jason his keycard and they all walked to the adjoining rooms. 
“Y’all come into our room once y’all get settled in so we can smoke.” Rick said as the green light flashed on the handle of his room door.
“Ok.” Magic said as she took the keycard out of Jason’s hand because he inserted it the wrong way.
Magic stepped into the room and threw her bag on the bed then grabbed the remote and turned the television set on. Jason sat on a chair next to the bed with his hands folded in his lap.
“Hey baby, why don’t you get undressed and jump in the shower. I know you didn’t get a chance to clean up properly in the club.” 
“Yes, I think that would be a good idea.” Jason said getting up and heading to the small bathroom.
Magic followed him into the bathroom and pulled his shirt over his head. She unbuttoned his pants and pulled down his zipper as she had done in the club. 
“Mmmm, I see your man is ready to go. Calm down Junior, let’s get you cleaned up before we take care of this.” Magic said picking his clothes up off the bathroom floor. 
She pulled the shower curtain back and turned the shower on for him. 
“Ok baby, your shower is ready.” Magic said after checking the temperature of the water.
Jason waited for her to leave then closed the door and took off his boxers before he jumped into the hot shower.
Magic waited for a minute to make sure he was in the shower before she rifled through his pockets. She checked his right front pocket and pulled out a tube of cherry flavored Chap Stick, a nail clipper, and some keys. In his left front pocket was $250 in small bills. Then she checked his back pocket where she found his wallet. Upon opening it, she saw a picture of an older gentleman Jason seemed to resemble and a credit card. There was an additional $500 found in the inside of the wallet and she let out a big sigh. This boy had a nice amount of dough on him; now her job was to have him spend it on her without her having to take it from him. 
Earlier in the club he was putty in her hands, so she was going to pour it on thick and give him the colossal fuck of his young life. She went into her bag and pulled out her blood red thong set and her blonde wig. She rubbed sparkles over her body and changed into her outfit. She heard the shower turn off and jumped off the bed and prepared for Jason to emerge from the bathroom. 
Jason got out of the shower and grabbed a towel off the rack to dry off. The towel was rough to the touch and it felt like he was drying himself with sandpaper. He put on his boxers then sauntered into the room. His dick immediately rose in his boxers when he witnessed Magic, dressed in red thongs, rotating her hips and massaging her breasts. Entranced, he watched her as she moved like a rattlesnake preparing to strike. Magic pointed at Jason and beckoned him over to her. He crept slowly towards her as she backed up to the bed. She grabbed him around his waist and turned him around sitting him on the edge of the bed. She gently pushed him down so he was laying flat on his back then straddled him, rotating her hips on his hardened muscle. Jason let out a low moan and closed his eyes. Magic placed her hands on his chest and pinched his nipples gently then put her wet mouth on his left nipple and sucked it gently while squeezing his right nipple. She could feel the pulse of his member on her wet cunt and she grinded a little harder and moaned. Jason placed his hands on Magic’s curves and she moved his hands, she wanted full control. She slithered down off his thighs and knelt on the floor and pulled his dick from his boxers and caressed it with the care of a heart surgeon. She put her wet mouth on the tip of his long pole and made circles around the head with her tongue then engulfed his mass as far into her mouth as it would go. She heard his moans get louder and began to genuinely get turned on. She slurped him deeply and held him in her throat for as long as she could without gagging then released him from her mouth slowly. She could feel his legs stiffen and began massaging his balls with her free hand. She sucked him and when she felt his cock spasm she removed her mouth to allow the feeling to subside. She stood erect and when Jason realized she had stopped, he opened his eyes and perched himself up on his elbows looking at the stunning figure. His eyes pleaded with her to continue but she ignored them and removed her bra and exposed her supple breasts. She massaged them and licked her lips, moaning as she played with her nipples. Jason began to rise from the bed but she shook her head and moved back two steps so he could get a full view of her playing with herself. She was enjoying what she was doing and was getting turned on beyond what she had expected, the mere fact she was about to fuck a virgin made her feel like she had to perform at her peak level. She moved her hand down to the triangle below her waist and rubbed her pussy through the fabric. She threw her head back and closed her eyes feeling the sticky wetness through her thong.  
Magic continued pleasing herself until she was ready to feel hardness in her saturated middle. She stepped out of her thong with the grace of a gymnast and slinked slowly to Jason. He lay back down on his back as she pulled a condom from under the pillow and ripped it open savagely with her teeth. She put the condom in her mouth and grabbed Jason’s dick, placed her mouth on the tip and rolled the condom on snug. She grabbed his piece, hovered over him then slowly inserted him inside her tunnel, feeling the throbbing muscle pulsate the deeper it went in. She pumped slowly then increased her rhythm as Jason met her pace feverishly. They kept the same rhythm for fifteen minutes, moaning and panting with beads of sweat forming on their foreheads. Magic gyrated her pelvis while Jason arched his back and jerked up and down. He grabbed her ass and pulled her down onto his pipe and started swiveling his hips trying to push himself deeper into her. Magic cooed as the feeling of climax was near then Jason shook violently followed by her yelp as she dug her manicured nails deep into his chest, screaming as she creamed all over his covered shaft. Magic hadn’t enjoyed sex this much in a while and was exhilarated. She flopped down onto his chest with his piece still inside her, still shaking from her orgasm. Jason’s arms were spread apart like an eagle, completely winded. Magic dismounted Jason and looked at the virile young man lying on the bed, his expression as if he just went to heaven. 
“Damn baby, you really made me feel good.” Magic stated.
“I think it’s the other way around.” Jason replied groggily.
“No seriously baby, it’s been a minute since I came so fuckin’ hard. I’m drained.” Magic said stumbling to the bathroom on shaky legs.
“I’m gonna take a quick shower and then we’ll go next door, ok?” Magic yelled from the bathroom.
“Ok.”
Magic jumped in the shower and let the water beat down on her body and thought of how she was going to abuse Jason’s energetic body when she needed a good fuck.

***

Rick was in his boxers and Silk had on thongs when Jason and Magic entered their room. 
There was a half smoked blunt in the ashtray and Magic immediately spotted it and scooped it up.
“Give me a light hoe.” She said to Silk.
“Get one out of my bag bitch.” Silk replied giggling.
Silk was already high from the potent herb she had smoked earlier with Rick.
“What’s good nephew? You want a hit of that blunt?” He asked Jason who was sitting in a chair near the bed. 
“No thank you uncle Rick, I’m ok.” 
“He so polite and shit. He talks like a white boy.” Magic stated as she inhaled the smoke from the blunt.
“Nah, he just speaks proper ‘cause he edumacated.” Rick explained laughing. “He’s going to be important when he graduates from college.”
“Oh, you’re goin’ to college?” Silk asked turning her attention to Jason.
“Yes, I start in the fall.”
“That’s what I’m gonna do, that’s why I’m dancing so I can pay the tuition.” 
“Bitch, you ain’t hardly goin’ to nobody’s college. Stop frontin’. You been saying that shit since I met you and that’s been like two years ago. Shit, you woulda had your Associates degree by now if you were goin’.” Magic said blowing up Silk’s spot. 
“Fuck you bitch, I am goin’ to college. I’m just savin’ up my money because I can’t get a student loan.”
“Who gives a fuck?” Rick interjected, “We ain’t here to discuss your life dreams, we here to get our freak on.” He was holding up a bottle of Vodka and waving it in the air.
“I know that’s right.” Magic said heading to Rick. 
“Nephew, get comfortable man. Take off your shirt and pants and let’s get this party started right.” 
Jason took off his shirt and unbuckled his pants but before he could pull down his zipper Silk was on him pulling down his pants. 
“Now that’s what I’m talkin’ ‘bout.” Rick shouted watching Silk.
There was a twinge of jealousy in Magic’s eyes but she didn’t say anything, instead she went over to Jason and kissed him passionately on the lips then sucked his nipple.
“Tell her she gettin’ sloppy seconds baby.” Magic said directing the statement to Silk. 
Jason stepped out of his pants and Silk grabbed his dick and massaged it through his boxers. Rick got up from the bed, walked over to Silk and started rubbing her pussy from behind while looking at Magic. Magic put the blunt out in the ashtray on the night stand and slid out of the pants she was wearing and walked over to Rick who was on his knees fingering Silk as she was giving young Jason the blowjob of his life. Jason’s head leaned back as he let Silk have her way with his stiff cock. Magic pulled her thong to the side with her forefinger, grabbed the back of Rick’s head and guided him to her shaved snatch. Once his watering mouth latched onto her clit she grabbed his head firmly with her other hand and pulled him deeper into her cave and pumped in his mouth. Rick greedily licked her clit and tried to suck her fallopian tube out of her tight vagina. Magic moaned loudly from the mixture of pain and pleasure she was experiencing from Rick’s tongue lashing and suction of her insides. Rick squeezed her soft ass and used his index finger to make circles around the rim of her asshole then peeked up to see if she was going with the flow. When he noticed her closed eyes he continued to suck on her clit while gliding his finger slowly into her tight ass hole. She squirmed a little but he took his time as he lapped and sucked her clit feverishly. A roar came from Magic’s mouth when his finger was completely buried inside her ass and he moved it in and out to the rhythm of his tongue movements. Soon Magic’s legs got weak and Rick could feel her about to buckle. She gripped his head tighter and leaned forward and screamed as clear white liquid squirted from her pussy like she was peeing. Rick moved his head just in time as her fluid splashed into Silk’s hair, then Magic collapsed onto the bed shaking and screaming. 
“Damn! I ain’t no fucking joke!” Rick mused as he hurriedly put a condom on then tried to mount Magic while she shook. 
Jason opened his eyes when he heard Magic holler as gooey liquid sprayed from her pussy onto the back of Silk’s head. He never witnessed anything like that in his life as Silk stopped sucking on him and stood up wiping the gook out of her hair. She seemed to be turned on as she watched her friend shaking uncontrollably on the bed. 
“Wow, that shit must be good as a muthafucka.” Silk said walking over to the bed where her friend was laying.
Silk went to the edge of the bed and disrobed immediately and squatted over Magic’s face reverse cowgirl. Magic stuck her tongue out from instinct and started to lick Silk’s shaved cavern. Silk moaned as she watched Rick thrusting in and out of Magic’s drenched pussy like a beast as she massaged her own breasts. Magic was in another world as she lapped at Silk and rubbed her clit with two fingers while Rick continued pounding her kitty. 
Jason was looking on in amazement as the three bodies moved with different rhythmic style. Rick looked over to his nephew and waved his hand for him to come over. As Jason approached, Rick dismounted Magic and slid over to where Silk was still being served. Jason looked down at Magic who momentarily stopped licking Silk to find out why the pleasure she once was feeling inside her had stopped suddenly. She looked at Jason, who was rolling a condom on his member, and used her legs to pull him to her. Jason complied by grabbing her legs and spreading them apart and slowly inserted his hardened staff inside her soaked middle. Jason squeezed Magic’s nipples as he continued to thrust himself in and out of her. Rick was behind Silk squeezing her perky breasts and bending her over so he could insert his pipe into her sticky hole. Silk bent over as Rick pounded her from behind, her titty in Magic’s wet mouth. The pleasure she felt from them getting sucked along with the friction she was feeling from Rick’s plundering was spectacular. Rick was trying not to bust his load because Silk was making her pussy contract while he was going in and out of her. He gripped her hips and started swiveling from side to side and slowed down his pace to stall the inevitable. He felt the buildup and quickly snatched himself out of her and snatched the rubber off, squeezed the tip of his head, turned Silk around and emptied his load in her mouth. Silk lapped at his jizz and rubbed his piece all around her mouth then began sucking him. Rick let out a winded sigh as he looked down amazed at how freaky Silk was. Jason was busy beating up Magic’s box and was on the verge of orgasm. 
Magic wrapped her legs around Jason’s waist so he couldn’t get up, she was going to make sure they orgasmed simultaneously. She pulled him to her with her legs, swiveling her hips then arching her back upward, pumping hard and fast. Jason started to tremble and the spasms Magic felt from his cock inside her initiated the beginning of her orgasm. She pumped harder grabbing him forcefully to her and digging her nails in his back as they both screamed and shook until they were both drained of their juices. The quartet switched up multiple times until they all fell asleep on the same bed next to each other, their bodies twisted together like contortionists.

Chapter 7
Brooklyn Bullies

The sound of pots and pans clanging in the distance woke Jason from his slumber. He slowly opened his eyes but closed them quickly because of the piercing brightness from the blazing June sunlight that invaded his room. He turned over on his belly stretching and yawning from being awakened so suddenly. After a couple of minutes of allowing his eyes to adjust to the brightness in the room, he slowly rose from his bed. He looked at himself in the full-length mirror to see if there was any physical distinction to prove he had officially crossed over the threshold to manhood after his time with Magic and Silk. He didn’t notice any real difference in his appearance aside from the beaming smile that reflected how much he enjoyed his night. He felt different but it wasn’t anything he could see outward, it was all a feeling inside he couldn’t explain. He grabbed his blue terry cloth bathrobe and put it on then headed to the kitchen. 
“Well good morning or should I say good afternoon Mr. graduate?” Paula said upon seeing her son. 
“Afternoon? What time is it?” Jason asked rubbing his chin. 
“It’s after 2:00, you strolled in here around 6:00 this morning. You don’t remember?” Paula asked looking at her son suspiciously. 
“Yes I remember, I just didn’t know it was so late.”  
“Did you have a good time with your uncle last night?” Paula asked skeptically. 
“As a matter of fact, I had a great time with Uncle Rick. First we went out to eat and then he took me to a gentleman’s club.” 
Since the death of his father, Jason’s relationship with his mother had grown so it wasn’t unusual for him to be honest and open with her.  
“A gentleman’s club huh? I hope Rick didn’t get you to do anything crazy with any of those nasty girls in that club. You know they have STD’s floating around in those places like an oil spill.” Paula said with great concern. “Did anything happen?”
“I had sex with one of them but I protected myself. I made sure I used protection.” Jason said quickly.
“Condoms are not 100% safe Jason.” Paula shook her head then breathed out. “I’m glad you used protection but you have to use better judgment with whom you sleep with. Was that your first time having sexual intercourse?”
“I know they’re not guaranteed to prevent catching or transmitting an STD or getting someone pregnant but it’s the only form of protection out for men. And yes, it was my first time having sexual intercourse.” 
“Jason, I’m glad you used protection but what I’m not too happy about is the fact your first time having sex was with someone you didn’t know and had no emotional attachment to. Having sex should not be a physical act solely used for gratification with just anyone.” Paula paused. “Real relationships are developed when both parties have more in common with one another than just sex. I may sound a little old fashioned but the truth of the matter is that there are reasons why black males fail as fathers and husbands and it may be because they were never taught that to maintain a healthy relationship involves more than physical satisfaction.” 
“Mother, I understand what you’re saying but it was my first time…my first experience and it just kind of happened. Please don’t get me wrong, it was physical at first but the way she treated me and the talk we had, there was emotions involved on my part.”  
“But those emotions were ignited by what you saw first and that can confuse you as well as the whole situation. I just want you to be fully aware of the decisions you make and what the repercussions may be. Having sex does not define you as a man Jason, what defines you and what will separate you is your drive and ambition for success, your character, and your accomplishments. I don’t want you to get side tracked with the lust for women because it can destroy all what you’ve worked so hard for in life and can detour the course you’re on for success.”
Jason understood his mother’s concern and what she was trying to convey and in a way he was glad to hear her version on relationships to combat what his uncle Rick told him because he did have an emotionally strong attraction to Magic and although it was his first time being with her she also expressed similar feelings. Before leaving that morning, he gave her a tip but she gave it back because she wanted to hook up with him again and said she didn’t want it to involve any money. She said she enjoyed his company so much she wanted to spend more time with him exclusively. 
“Mother, you don’t have to worry about me getting involved to the point where I will lose focus of what you’ve taught me over the years. Believe me, I understand what you’re telling me and I will be very careful when it comes to women.” Jason reassured her.
“Ok Jason, I just want to make sure. You’re my only child and I really want to see you become successful in life.” Paula hugged her son. 
“By the way mother, I have to go into the city and pick up some things for school. I want to get an early start on it so I don’t have to rush next month.” Jason said as his mother prepared him a steak, egg and cheese sandwich.
“Alright. Would you like me to go with you?” she asked as she sat down and started eating from her own plate. 
“No that’s all right, I think I can manage. You’re not going to be with me while I’m away so I’m going to have to learn to do some things on my own.” 
“I know baby, it’s just that I love doing things for you and when you’re gone I’m not going to have anyone to look after anymore. It’s going to be lonely in this apartment without you and all that quiet time can drive a person crazy.” 
“Don’t worry mother. I’m going to call you and come home as much as I can.” 
“You’re right baby. I’ll be ok, I’m just being silly, that’s all.” 

***

A tall man donned in black cargo pants wearing a thin black hoodie wandered up the tree-lined block, looking at numbers on houses. He stopped in front of a two-story brick home that was in the middle of the block and paused taking notice of the antique brass doorknob on the oak door. He checked his surroundings before walking up the stairs then knocked on the door three times rapidly. No one answered so he descended the stairs then walked around to the back of the house. Out of view from the street, he pulled out a medium sized black plastic bag from the side pocket on his cargo pants as he continued walking towards a six-foot chain linked fence. He untied the bag and grabbed a 12 oz. raw T-bone steak then fished out four acepromazine tablets from the pouch of his hoodie. A 40 lb. brindle colored pit bull ran up to the fence and growled ferociously. The man hurriedly buried the four pills deep into the soft meat then tossed it over the fence as he watched the dog literally devour it in two crushing bites. He backed away from the fence and watched as the dog charged the fence growling. He tilted his head to the side then looked down at his watch while the canine stood on his hind legs and pawed at the fence snarling. After five minutes the pit bull seemed to become sluggish and lethargic, he had stopped growling then suddenly collapsed to the ground. The hooded man walked over to the fence and studied the beast then picked up a stick and poked at the dog through the fence; the dog’s eyes were still open but was unable to move. The man looked behind him before placing the knapsack he was carrying on the ground and pulling out bolt cutters. He snapped the padlock off then picked up his knapsack and pulled his hood over his head before pushing open the fence. He lowered his head as he made his way to the side of the building, pulling out a can of black spray paint. He grabbed an old white paint bucket and positioned it next to the side of the building then stood on it and spray painted the outdoor surveillance camera that monitored activity in the backyard. He did that to four other cameras before going to the door that lead to the basement of the home. He tried the doorknob and it turned easily. Once inside he tiptoed up the cellar stairs to the first floor. He pulled his .380 automatic from his waist then pushed the door open slowly. He did a thorough check of the home, room by room to make sure no one was there. Aside from a 32” flat screen television, one twin size bed and a leather couch in the living room, the house was completely empty. He went back into the smallest bedroom, which was close to the bathroom. The hard wooden floor creaked when he entered the empty room. He opened the door to the walk in closet and stepped inside, tugging at a chain hanging from a light bulb to turn on the light. He kneeled down and pulled the beige carpet from the corner of the wall, revealing an access panel on the floor. He pulled a small Philips screwdriver from his cargo pants and unscrewed the four screws then removed the panel and breathed out heavily when he saw the contents. He grabbed four square packages wrapped in cellophane and deposited them into his knapsack then replaced the panel and smoothed the carpet back over the hideaway spot. He stood up and headed for the back door and broke the door lock with his screwdriver then headed out the front door. 

***

  Jason was finished with his shopping and was on his way home from midtown Manhattan. Macy’s at Herald Square had a sale and he took full advantage of the savings. Both hands clutched bags full of everything from shirts to bed sheets. He had been shopping over four hours and night was falling. His cell phone started ringing and he freed his hand to answer it. 
“What’s up nephew?” His uncle greeted him.
“Nothing, I just finished shopping for some things I needed for school.” 
“I need you to take this ride with me to handle something. You home?”  
“No, I’m in the city but I’m on my way home now.” 
“Cool. I have to make a couple runs right quick so I’ll swing by and pick you up on my way back. You should be home by then.” 
“Ok uncle Rick. I’m going to jump in a cab now so I should be home in about half an hour.” 
“Ok. See you in a half nephew.” 
“Ok, see you then uncle Rick.” Jason said ending the call. 
Jason knew Rick wanted him to ride with him to make his drops to the workers. He didn’t mind because the extra money helped him out a lot especially since the only money he received was his monthly Social Security check from his father. He walked to the corner to catch a yellow cab and pay the expensive fare for a quick and reckless ride back to Brooklyn. He figured he would pick up something quick to eat once he reached home before he met up with his uncle. 
Hailing a yellow cab was hard enough but when it was a young black male asking to go to Brooklyn it was almost impossible. 
“Where you going?” the Bangladesh hack asked from behind the thick plexiglass partition. 
“Right over the bridge.” Jason replied as he rifled through his pocket for some cash to flash before the cabbie denied him.
“What bridge?” 
“Brooklyn Bridge.” Jason replied shoving two twenties into the small square slot.
“Brooklyn? I go out of service in three minutes, I can’t go that far.” The cabbie said ignoring the money Jason slid into the slot. “Please sir. I’m in a rush and I need to go home.” Jason begged. 
After two minutes of haggling and an extra $10 up front, the cabbie agreed to take the ride to Brooklyn.  Relieved, Jason relaxed in the back of the yellow Crown Victoria and fell into a light slumber. 
When the cab turned onto Lafayette Avenue, the cabbie banged on the partition to get Jason’s attention. Jason woke up surprised at how fast he reached home and looked at the meter that read $25.50 knowing he was just beat out of $25 by the nervous cab driver. He gathered his bags and exited the vehicle and before he could slam the door shut, the yellow cab was barreling down the street as if it were being shot at. Jason then walked around the corner to the chicken joint. When he entered there were three guys at the counter placing their order. He waited patiently until they were done, ordered a chicken dinner, then sat down in one of the empty booths and waited for his meal to be prepared. 
“…I’m sayin’ son, if I wasn’t on parole, I woulda slapped the shit outta that muthafucka.” A dark skinned guy from the trio said while drinking something in a white Styrofoam cup. 
“Yea right. You keep letting that shit slide. Soon everybody you give work gon’ do the same shit ‘cause they think you pussy, you betta straighten it now ‘less you wanna be treated like a bitch.” the one with a low cut haircut instigated.
“Nah kid, y’all got it twisted. You ‘posed to body dude so muthafuckas will know you ain’t playin’ ‘bout ya cheese. You feel me?” the biggest of the trio said laughing as if he said something funny. 
“I ain’t gonna front, that shit got me ready to flip right now.” The dark skinned guy said loudly. 
“Chill man, you ain’t gonna do shit, just like you ain’t do shit just now when dude was talking reckless to you and he the one that owe you money.” The big one snickered.
“What? Don’t make me fuck sumthin’ up to prove my fuckin’ point son.” The dark skinned one screamed even louder.
Jason’s heart rate quickened wishing at that moment he could make himself invisible. 
The dark skinned guy gazed at Jason, who quickly shifted his stare from the trio to the Arabic man behind the counter. 
The dark skinned guy sauntered over to Jason after sizing him up and mouthed to his friends, “Watch this.”
“Yo what up kid?” He said to Jason as he sat down and scooted over next to him in the booth placing his arm around his shoulder.
“Um what’s up?” Jason replied his voice barely a whisper.
“Damn kid, look like you did it up at Macy’s. I can’t even pay for my food and this muthafucka here look like he went on a shopping spree.” The last of part of his statement was directed to his homeboys. “Yo my man, I got a dilemma. I need some money to pay for my food and I was thinking you could help me out since you did all that shopping.” He said peeking into some of Jason’s bags.
“I would like to help you but I don’t have any money.” Jason replied as his stomach did somersaults. 
“I don’t understand. What you mean you don’t have no money? Didn’t you just order some food? I don’t believe that.” He said as he continued inspecting Jason’s bags.
“I don’t have any money. I just got out of a cab and that took all my money except what I have to pay for my food.” Jason said cowering in the corner of the booth. 
“Leave that muthafucka alone. If you woulda straightened homeboy out you woulda had money to pay for your own food.” The big one said laughing again like he told a funny joke.
“You tryin’ to play me kid?” the dark skinned guy asked Jason, irate his friend were clowning him.
“No. I really don’t have any money.” Jason was trembling.
“Aiight then. All I find, all I keep?” 
“Please, I don’t have any money.” Jason wanted to pick up his bags and run home but he was stuck in the corner of the booth. 
“Fuck it then.” He dug inside Jason’s front pockets and pulled out some loose bills then stuffed the money in his pocket. “I’ma take these bags too since you lied to me!” The guy slapped Jason in the face, grabbing three of his bags then walked over to the counter where his friends were paying for their food and watching the strong-arm robbery take place. 
Jason rubbed his cheek, waited for the guy to get to his friends then grabbed the rest of his bags and bolted for the door like an Olympic sprinter. 
The dark skinned guy turned just in time to see the door of the chicken joint closing then took off running behind him. Jason turned his head and noticed the guy coming after him and kicked into third gear as he hit the corner at blinding speed praying to make it to his building safely. He could hear the guy yelling something behind him but tuned it out and concentrated on making it to his building. As he got closer to his building he realized the thug had given up chase. 
When Jason made it to his building he felt a wave of humiliation blanket him. He stopped at the front door of the building and leaned up against it trying to catch his breath before going upstairs. He put his head down and could feel his emotions getting the best of him as the eruption of tears grew near. 
“Yo, why was you just running like Carl Lewis?” Rick asked stepping out of his truck.
Jason looked up and when he saw his uncle Rick he felt more shame.
“Nephew, fuck you running like that for?” 
“I was rushing to meet you.” 
Rick studied his nephew’s expression.
“Why you lying to me? What happened?”
Jason hesitated, then breathed out heavily, “I was just robbed.”  
“Get the fuck outta here! You just got stuck up?” Rick was visibly angry and looked behind him up the block. “Who the fuck was it? Did he have a knife or a gun?”
“I don’t know who he was but he didn’t have anything, he just took my bags.”
“He didn’t have a knife or a gun and you let him take your shit?”
“He wasn’t by himself, there were three of them. What was I supposed to do?” Jason was having a flashback of the day his father was murdered.
“You was supposed to fuck up the one that took your shit.”
“And risk getting beaten by all three?
“Are you serious?” Rick looked at Jason baffled. “If it was only one of them that robbed you, that’s the one you supposed to fuck up! See nephew, you still don’t get it. You ain’t learned shit I taught you. Now what you think gonna happen if that dude see you again? It’s open season on your ass ‘cause you ain’t even put up a fight for your shit!”
“There won’t be a next time because I won’t be here anymore.” Jason whispered.
“You think you can run away from this shit by going to college? You gotta stand up and fight nephew! This shit will keep happening, muthafuckas gonna always do you dirty ‘cause you act like you ain’t got no heart! That’s why that muthafucka in your school fucked with you because you always ran and never handled your shit!” Rick shook his head slowly.
“You’re right.” Jason lowered his head.
“I know I’m right. So what he look like?” 
“The one that took my bags was dark skinned, slim build and was about two inches shorter than me.”
“Where you get robbed?”
“In the chicken spot around the corner.” 
“Across the street from the projects?”
“Yes.”
“That’s probably where those clowns are from. Come on so we can get your bags back!”
“They’re probably gone by now.” 
“You saying that ‘cause you want them to be gone. They ain’t gone, they somewhere in the hood. We’ll find them ‘cause they probably thought they caught a easy vic. Come on, let’s go.” 
“I don’t want to uncle Rick. I’d rather leave it alone.”
Rick shook his head in disgust.
“You just want to let that muthafucka get away with it huh? I don’t understand you nephew, I really don’t. But it’s your call. Well go upstairs and put your bags up so you can come take this ride with me.”
“I don’t really feel like going now uncle Rick. I just want to go upstairs.” Jason replied weakly. 
“Are you kidding me? You gonna let that shit stop you from getting some money? Rick shook his head. “That’s your problem kid, you keep lettin’ shit go because you don’t want the drama. You gonna have to learn that if you don’t stand up for yourself you gonna always fall, it’s your choice, you’re gonna either sink or swim out in these waters!” Rick stared at Jason. “Aiight fuck it, I’ll rap with you later.” 
Anger and disgust could be seen on Rick’s face as he walked to his truck. 
“I’m sorry uncle Rick. I know I’m a disappointment to you but it’s just not in me to be like that. I’m not a fighter.” Jason said as he balled up his fists tightly. 

***

Two guys were sitting on the bench in the projects eating chicken. They were unaware of the man who picked up a 40 oz. bottle approaching the bench slowly. The bottle was raised high above his head then smashed over the cranium of a dark skinned guy. He screamed out in pain as he fell forward off the bench clutching the back of his head. His partner, shocked, jumped off the bench and looked at his friend’s bloodied skull. Not paying attention, he was blindsided by a blow that caught him square on his temple and sent him crashing to the ground. The slim dark skinned guy was stomped in his face and kicked in every part of his body as he attempted to cover up from the onslaught to no avail. Blood gushed from the wound to his head and seeped into the cracks on the concrete, forming a small puddle. The brutal beating continued as his partner got to his feet and stumbled away awkwardly, leaving his friend alone to face his destiny. 
“Where the shit you took?”
“What shit?” The guy squealed feebly.
His head was picked up then slammed against the concrete, “Did that jar your memory! Now where the shit you took muthafucka!”
“I don’t have it.” He slurred. 
“You don’t have it? Wrong answer! You gonna have to pay for that!” 
He was dragged to the benches on his stomach by both arms then one arm was held out as his hand was held tightly. His fingers were bent backwards one by one until they were dislocated and broken. His agonizing scream echoed through the night air as he heard the sound of his bones cracking and breaking. His fingers hung grotesquely deformed while he fought to stay conscious despite the excruciating pain he was forced to endure. 
“Let me see you rob another muthafucka with that hand! I’m gonna make you regret stealing. Look at me!” 
The guy looked up slowly and was viciously kicked in his mouth as blood spewed from it like a water spigot. He was then turned on his back and stomped in his throat with the heel part of the shoe as a hideous grumble came from somewhere deep inside his body. The arm with the broken fingers was held out and bent backwards until it snapped then he was stomped and kicked continuously until there was no movement in his limbs. For emphasis, his head was grabbed in both hands and slammed against the concrete with such force it sounded as if his skull cracked open. 
A noise was heard from behind, the friend returned with someone to help, but when they got close enough to see their homeboy laying in a heap on the ground, fear engulfed them at the grisly sight and whatever they had originally planned became a fleeting thought. Their comrade lay motionless on the ground, only a faint whimper escaping his body due to the massive beating he suffered. They never witnessed anyone beaten as brutally as their friend had just been beaten and for a man to deliver such a beating, he surely had to have murderous intentions. They were not ready to chance getting slaughtered like their friend, and as if on cue they both turned and ran in the opposite direction, leaving their friend alone once again.
The face of the guy lying on the ground was stomped into the concrete then the neck of the broken bottle was picked up and held by the jagged edge. It was plunged into his cheek and twisted left and right, ripping his flesh like tissue paper until globs of meat was exposed. The wound bled freely as the bottle was removed with small red chunks of his flesh stuck to the sharp edges of the glass. There was no more noise coming from the guy on the ground. 
“I can’t keep coming to this dude’s rescue every time something happens…but he family and I can’t let him go out like that.”

***

Rick pulled up in front of the two-story brick building then stepped out of his truck and went to the front door. He unlocked it and walked in then proceeded to deactivate the house alarm. He noticed it wasn’t illuminated and quickly pulled two hammers from his waist and put his keen sense on high alert. He walked towards the back of the house, pointing his guns spread eagle when he entered the hallway. As he got to the back door he was about to check the lock and saw that it was broken. He turned around immediately and ran to the sink and pulled open the cabinet and grabbed a Black and Decker drill then dashed to the back room snatching the closet door open. He knelt down and pulled the carpet back and used the portable drill to unscrew the bolts on the access panel. He was sweating profusely as each screw was removed and when he removed the panel he screamed out, “FUCK!” He jumped to his feet and pulled the chain, turning on the light and inspected the metal stash box. It was empty and he could feel his neck getting hotter as he searched hopelessly for what he already knew was not in there. He fumbled in his pocket for his cell phone as he went to the door that led to the basement. He ran down to the cellar and went to the DVR and rewound the events to see if he could get an image of the culprit. As he the tape went in reverse the screen suddenly turned black and he pressed pause as he surveyed the footage. He turned on his heels and headed upstairs in a haste heading for the back door and when he got outside he looked up and saw the lens of the camera was spray-painted. 
“Diesel! Diesel!” he screamed out as he jumped off the back porch of the house. 
He walked around to the gate and saw his pit bull sprawled out on the ground motionless. He knelt down and shook his canine and when he didn’t get a response his eyes filled with blood. He dialed some numbers on his cell phone and waited anxiously. 
“Yo, we need to have a meeting. Get everybody at the gambling house in 30 minutes. Everybody!”



Chapter 8
A Sick Kind of Love

The loud clanging of the hollow metal door didn’t startle Magic, what upset her was the noise could wake her son who was still asleep. She moved swiftly from the kitchen to the front door hoping to stop whoever was on the other side from banging again. Looking through the peephole, she blew out air from her mouth. 
“What you want?” she asked in an irritated tone not loud enough to wake her sleeping child.
“Come on ma, let me in. I told you I was sorry.” The voice behind the door pleaded.
Magic turned and put her back to the door.
“Get away from my door Damian.” She barked.
“Let me talk to you. I’m back on my feet again. Shit can go back to how it was before.” 
“No Damian. I’m not falling for that again.” 
Damian pulled out a mountain of bills from his pocket and put it up to the peephole, “See, look ma. I got stacks!”
“Not interested Damian.” Magic said without looking through the peephole. 
Damian kicked the door again from frustration, “Come on now, open the fucking door! I said I was sorry!”
“Stop kicking my door ‘fore I call the police!”
“Now why would you do some dumb shit like that and all I want to do is see my son!” 
“Why muthafucka? How ‘bout you don’t do shit for him. You gamble and drink all your money up. Stop your bullshit and get away from my door! It’s too early in the morning for this shit!”
“You got somebody in there? Is that why you don’t want to open the door! Yo, you better open this fuckin’ door before I blow it off the fucking hinges!” Damian screamed.
Magic moved away from the door and got her cordless telephone to make her desperation call. She could hear Damian’s threats being shouted through the metal door. 
“I’m calling 911 right now Damian so you better get away from my door.” She faked like she was making the call. “Hello, there’s a man threatening me at my door.” She said as she looked out the peephole.
Damian’s ear was pressed against the door and he could hear her talking on the phone. He pulled out his magnum and waved it in front of the peephole then pointed it and pulled the hammer back, a loud click echoing in the hallway. Magic screamed when she saw him cock the hammer and dropped the telephone then ran to her son’s room. Damian heard the phone drop and chuckled wickedly then turned and ran to the exit to make his escape out the building before any police arrived. 
“I can’t believe that dumb muthafucka.” She was fuming, sitting on the floor next to her son’s bed shaking.
Her house phone rang and she got up to retrieve it from the hallway.
“Hello.”
“You know I wasn’t gon’ do nothing ma. I was just fucking with you ‘cause you called the police. You know I would never hurt you.” Damian said. 
“That’s bullshit Damian. I’m getting tired of your shit!” 
“You know I can’t take you doing that shit at the club.”
“That’s the only way your son eating right now. You not making money like you was before so I’m doing what I have to do. You know that.” 
“I can’t take that shit. I’m getting money again so you don’t have to be in that club no more. That’s what makes me spazz out ma. You know I love you, if I didn’t I wouldn’t give a fuck about you dancing in that club.”
“I know you love me Damian and I love you too but I can’t keep going through the same shit with you. You have a drinking and gambling problem baby, you have to get help with that shit before we can be a family again. If you love me you will get help for that shit.” Magic felt the bump on the back of her head through her weave. 
“Can I come back and talk to you?”
“Not right now Damian.” Magic blinked her eyes slowly.
“Why?”
“I’m not ready for you to come home right now.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s too soon.”
“I won’t hurt you, I’ll never put my hands on you again, I promise. Trust me baby.”
“I don’t know Damian. We’ll see.” 
“We’ll see? You got one of those tricks up in there wit’ you now? Is that why you ain’t opened the door and called the police on me?”
“No Damian. Ain’t nobody in here but DJ. See how you just be spazzing and shit?”
“That’s ‘cause I love you and I don’t want to lose you to none of them dirty muthafuckin’ tricks you be fucking with!”
“Whatever Damian, I’m gone. Good bye.”
“Hold up! Can I come over? I wanna play.”
“No Damian. Please just give me the space I need.”
“So you can fuck? Not gon’ happen. Not on my watch.”
The phone went dead.



Chapter 9
Buchanan Love

Jason sluggishly reached for the ringing phone and looked at the digital clock reading 10:26 am. Yawning, he put the receiver to his ear and immediately straightened up in bed when he heard the voice on the other end of the line.
“Jason?”
“Yes, it’s me. How have you been Magic? I haven’t heard from you in weeks.”
“I was going to call you baby but I got a little tied up, not literally though.” She purred.
“What have you been up to? I’ve been trying to call you hoping to see you before I left for school because I really enjoyed that night we were together.”
“When you leaving?”
“I’m leaving in another week for orientation.” 
“So soon? The summer ain’t really start yet. I didn’t even get a chance to get to know you.”
“I’m going to be here for a week so if you’re not too busy, we can spend some time together so we can get to know each other better.” Jason suggested.
“That sounds kool. What you doin’ today?”
“I don’t have anything planned. I’m free all day.” 
“Well why don’t we hook up and do some thangs?”
“Sounds good. You have anything particular in mind?” Jason asked.
“Nah, not really, why don’t we just wing it and play the day out by ear?”
“Sounds like a plan to me, when and where do you want to meet?” Jason asked getting out of bed.
“How far do you live from downtown?” Magic questioned.
“I’m about a fifteen minute bus ride from there. Do you want to meet somewhere downtown?” 
“Yea, meet me in front of Junior’s at 12 o’clock.” Magic said.
“Ok, I’ll be there.” Jason replied ending the call.

***

The auburn sky and cool wind blowing was a welcomed comfort for the couple sitting down in the grass talking. Jason and Magic had eaten lunch at Junior’s restaurant then rode the subway into the city to Central Park for an afternoon stroll that turned into an evening stroll because of the enlightening conversation they were having. Jason was lying down on a grassy hill with both hands cupped under the back of his head while Magic sat Indian style facing him. Jason was such a good listener that she unconsciously told her innermost feelings and life story to him as if she were in a session with a therapist. Jason was enthralled and listened with great interest because her tale was straight from a script for a Lifetime television series. 
Magic began her story from when she was 12 years old and lost her mother to heart failure and how her drug-addicted step father began raping her shortly after. To escape her molester she left home at the age of 15, seeking refuge with her maternal aunt who inducted her into her already thriving prostitution ring. After two years of forcibly turning tricks, she could take no more and contemplated suicide by overdosing on sleeping pills, but on her way back from the pharmacy she ran into Damian, who unbeknownst to him, literally saved her life when he stopped to kick it to her. She moved in with him immediately as an attempt to escape the world she was living and after a year together he was sent to jail, leaving her to fend for herself. Without any education and a way to pay her bills she was then forced to take care of herself by doing the only thing she knew, selling her body. Once Damian came home from jail she tried to hide what she was doing until he got back on his feet but that never happened and when he discovered what she was doing he became enraged and soon began drinking heavily and gambling. She got pregnant and stopped prostituting but switched to dancing in strip clubs because it was a safe and controlled environment. She would turn tricks occasionally at the club when money was tight.  Damian’s gambling habit spiraled out of control accompanied by heavier drinking which was a deadly combination. He took part in small robberies that didn’t net enough to take care of any household bills then would gamble his proceeds in hopes of doubling or tripling his profits and when he lost it all he would steal from her and continue wasting it on his bad luck. When she finally grew tired of sponsoring his addiction, she refused to give him money, igniting physical abuse, which grew more violent as time progressed; instead of openhanded slaps, he started beating her with closed fists. She would kick him out only to let him back in when he came to her begging and sober. This became systematic and soon was the norm in their relationship until her last beating. Now at 24 years old, she was in the process of rebuilding her and her son’s life and wasn’t sure how or where to begin because Damian remained a thorn in her side with his constant harassing. 
“Whew!” Jason said as Magic paused to take a drink of a Fruit Punch Snapple she bought earlier.
“What?” Magic said smirking. “You’d never think I had that much shit goin’ on in my life, huh?” 
“No, I would have never guessed that. You seem so in control and confident in how you speak and you appear so stable and relaxed.” Jason replied.
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m in control and have confidence out the ying yang but I’m far from being stable. At least what I call stable. Shit I have my own crib but I live in the PJ’s and I have my own money but that shit ain’t consistent, I have good days and bad months. All that ain’t stability to me, I want it across the board.”
“What do you mean by that?” Jason asked quizzically. 
Magic looked at Jason and tilted her head. She studied him closely and could see unsurety in his eyes. 
“Well, the first thing I need to do is get my son’s father out of my life. He thinks just because we have a child together that I’m still supposed to fuck him and let him stay with me because his shit ain’t together and mine somewhat is. I can’t have a stable relationship with anybody because he always doing some dumb shit to drive my friends away.” 
“What does he do to keep guys away from you?” 
Magic looked into Jason’s innocent brown eyes and sighed heavily then continued.
“If he sees me with anyone, he threatens to beat them up if he catches them with me.” 
Jason breathed out deeply and his heart skipped a beat as he looked around as if Damian was lurking in the bushes ready to pounce. 
“He didn’t follow me here.” Magic said recognizing Jason’s fear. 
Embarrassed, Jason looked down on the ground and recovered by grabbing Magic’s hand and holding it gently but firm in his own. 
“I’m sorry Magic. It’s just that I’ve never been in a situation like this before. You’re the first girl I’ve ever been intimate with and I really like you and I would love to be with you but…” 
“But what?” Magic pulled her hand away from Jason, “You don’t want to fuck with me now because you scared you gonna get fucked up? See that’s what I’m talking ‘bout, nobody wants to fuck with me once I tell them the truth about my situation. That’s what I get for tellin you.” Magic bowed her head.
“No Magic, that’s not what I was going to say.” Jason said grabbing her hands back in his own, “I was going to say that I would love to be with you but I’m not sure if you want to be with a guy like me because I’m not from the streets. I’m not sure what will happen with your son’s father, but I’m willing to help you through it. I would like to see if you and I could be together as a couple.” 
Magic looked into Jason’s brown eyes as hers became glassy and misty. She moved in slowly to his face and cupped his chin in her hands and kissed him passionately. Jason wasn’t built for what she needed but his sincerity, honesty, and innocence in the face of eminent danger, if he fucked with her, spoke volumes about how much he cared for her already and that was what she needed. She had to be sure he was sincere because her priority was taking care of her son and that consisted of her taking advantage of any financial gain that came into her fold. 
“Jason, are you serious about what you’re saying? I mean, I don’t want you to feel like you have to say that because of what I told you.” 
“Listen Magic, I’m not absolutely sure of what I feel for you but I do know that out of a crowd of naked women there was something about you that fascinated me. I’ve never felt for any woman, the way I feel for you. I don’t want to say I’m in love because I think it’s premature but I know the feeling I have for you is very strong. I heard what you said and although I sympathize with your situation that’s not the reason I want to be with you. I want to be with you no matter what your situation is and want to help you through it so it will be beneficial for the both of us.”
“Jason, you’re going to make me fall in love with you. I hope you really mean what you’re saying to me. I’ve had a lot of game ran on me, but for some reason I can’t detect that from you and I think I’ve heard the best of them.” 
“That’s just it Magic, I’m not running any game on you, I’m speaking directly from my heart. This isn’t rehearsed or pre planned. I genuinely like and want to be with you.” 
“I believe you Jason. I just don’t want to be hurt again like so many times before you. Do you think you can handle a girl like me?” Magic looked at him carefully. “I’m a stripper. You think you can trust me enough to let me continue to make money doing this without thinking I’m out fucking the whole club? Can you handle the fact that I have a son and a crazy baby daddy that doesn’t want to see me with anyone? Can you handle my attitude when I’m on my menstrual and start wiggin’ out? What about helping me out financially when my money is short? There’s so much to handle with me Jason, do you think you’re ready for all this?”
“Magic, I feel ready. I’m not sure if I’m completely ready because I’ve never encountered anything like this before but if you’re willing to be patient and help me understand all the things I need to handle then I’ll be more than willing to try. All I know is that I want to be with you. I trust you enough to know that you’re only dancing in the clubs because of your financial situation. I will try and handle the situation with your son’s father the best way I can, maybe when he realizes you’re truly happy with someone else, he may leave you alone. Your monthly cycle is something that I will have to learn to deal with and as far as money is concerned, I have enough money to assist you whenever you’re in need.” Jason looked deep into her eyes and then kissed her gently on the lips. 
“Let’s get outta here.” Magic suggested.
“Ok. Where would you like to go now?” 
“Somewhere where you can make love to me and hold me until the sun comes up.” Magic said smiling.


Chapter 10
Buchanan Cougar

“Mrs. Buchanan, here is the patient’s chart.” The young staff assistant handed Paula her patient’s medical records.
“Thank you.” Paula responded as she took the folder and placed it on her desk.
“You need anything else Mrs. Buchanan?” the young staff assistant asked.
“No thank you.” Paula said as she opened it and pulled out a sheet from inside the chart.
Louis stood in the doorway of the nurse’s station and gazed at Paula. Even in her loose scrubs he could see her beautiful form and curves. He had wanted her since he started working there months ago but Paula never paid him any attention.
Louis was 25 years old and although Paula was fourteen years his senior, he was infatuated with her beauty.
Louis, at 5’10, had a muscular frame but refrained from wearing clothing that showed off his tremendous biceps. He kept an exceptionally low haircut, a skin fade, which gave off the illusion of a baldhead. His face was round with high cheekbones and a cleft chin. His lips were full and his bottom lip was amber in color. He had a confident swagger and was a ladies man but something about Mrs. Buchanan had him wanting to be with just one woman. He couldn’t place his finger on it and wanted to explore his options with her.
Lunchtime had come quickly and Paula grabbed her jacket to go outside to get something to eat. On her way to the store she ran into a co-worker she had become close friends with over the years working at the hospital. 
“Hey Paula. How you been girl?” the voluptuous woman asked when she saw Paula.
“Hey Marlene. I’m fine. Are you on your break?”
“Yea girl, I’m going to Josie’s to get a grilled chicken salad. Where you going?” 
“I’m on my way there too.” Paula replied as they walked to the restaurant together. 
After ordering their food they walked back to the hospital. Paula was not paying attention to the conversation Marlene was having with her and Marlene picked up on it. 
“What’s wrong Paula, you ok baby? I’m talking to you but you seem to be having your own conversation in your head.” Marlene said jokingly. 
“I’m sorry Marlene. I just have a lot on my mind.” 
“Things like what girl? You have a son that just graduated with honors and going to NYU. You should be on top of the world.”  
 “You don’t understand Marlene. Jason is my life. After Ronald was murdered I put everything into Jason to make sure he wouldn’t suffer too much without his father being in his life. All my time went to him and I tried to give him the love of both parents. Now that he’s leaving, the reality of being alone is an ever-present thought. I have never been alone since being with Ronald and I’m not sure how I’m going to deal with it.” Paula said as she stood near the entrance to the hospital. 
“Paula, I know what you’re saying and I understand because I lost my husband early too but you have to remember something, you still here, you still young and you still have a lot of years left to live. You don’t have to be alone but if you are, that’s because it’s your choice. I know you might not be ready or think it’s not the right time but believe me, you need companionship now that Jason is going to be gone. You will go crazy in that apartment by yourself if you don’t interact with someone of the opposite sex. I’m not saying you have to be intimate I’m just saying you need to entertain or at least go out,” Marlene disclosed, “or get a cat.”
“You know something? I know you’re right and I’ve told myself I needed to socialize with someone to break the monotonous routine I’ve had in raising Jason but I didn’t know how he would feel about me seeing someone. I wasn’t sure how he would react to another man in our life.” 
Marlene tilted her head to the side and looked at Paula as if she were a prehistoric animal. 
“Girl, I know I didn’t hear you right. This your life we speaking on ain’t we? You don’t need approval for what you do as long as you are respectful in what you do and how you do it. It’s not like you cheating Paula. Let’s just say you tell him you’ve met someone and he disapproves, is that going to stop you from doing what you feel in your heart? And if that’s the case, what’s the difference? If he doesn’t like it now, it only means he wouldn’t have liked it then, so what do you have to lose that you don’t already have?” 
“When you put it that way, I guess I would have lost either way but there was no real way for me to know. I shouldn’t have waited so long. I guess I was being too overprotective with everything when it came to Jason.” Paula shook her head. “This is so confusing for me.”
“Paula, I’m going to ask you a very personal question honey. When is the last time you had your walls scraped?” Marlene looked her directly in her eyes. 
“Are you referring to the walls in my apartment?” 
Marlene chuckled, “No girl. I’m talking about when is the last time you’ve been penetrated?”
Paula was caught off guard by the question and felt uncomfortable responding. Although Marlene was someone she considered a close friend, what she did sexually in her personal life was privileged information and was not to be shared with anyone but the one you were intimate with. 
“Ok Paula, let me guesstimate,” Marlene continued after realizing Paula wasn’t going to answer. “You haven’t had any since you buried your husband.” Marlene studied her reaction. 
“I don’t really want to talk about this Marlene.” Paula responded feeling a little flustered. 
“Believe me, I understand baby but you are still young and have needs and sometimes as women we feel embarrassed to discuss this but it’s a harsh reality and it’s perfectly natural and a very important part of life for us women, it’s what keeps us sane at times. If you need time I can respect that but I’m your friend and I’ve seen what you’ve done with and for your son and while you were doing it, you forgot about yourself. Now he’s going to be leaving and the reality of being alone has come rushing to the forefront because you denied yourself a social life.”
“You’re right Marlene.” Paula said in surrender as they both walked through the entrance of the hospital. 
Marlene stopped to talk to someone and Paula continued walking down the long hallway to the nurse’s station and the bag she was carrying slipped out of her hand. She bent down to pick it up and Louis appeared from out of nowhere and grabbed her bag and as they both rose he stared deeply into her eyes. 
“Here you go. I hope it wasn’t nothing in there to break.” Louis said handing her the bag.
“Thankfully no, it’s just my lunch.” Paula said taking the bag from him and continuing her trek to the nurse’s station. 
“Umm, do you mind if I walk with you.” Louis asked walking up behind her quickly. 
“If you like but I’m just going to the nurse’s station to eat my lunch.” 
“Do you mind if I join you?”  
Paula stopped; turned to look at Louis and for the first time noticed him as the young staff assistant who worked at the front desk. She continued to look at him and although he was wearing a loose fitting shirt she could tell his arms were enormous and had to be attached to a chiseled frame. She never paid any attention to him before so it was like she was seeing him for the first time and was secretly turned on physically. 
“I don’t mind.” Paula said turning around and changing directions, heading to the cafeteria instead of the nurse’s station.
All eyes seemed to be on the couple that entered the crowded cafeteria. Paula took a seat at one of the round tables and Louis gallantly pulled her chair out for her to sit then sat directly in front of her. Paula pulled out her grilled chicken salad platter and a quart of Poland Springs water then placed it on the table. She pulled out salt and pepper packets and napkins but couldn’t find any plastic utensils in her bag. Louis, being observant, excused himself and went to the cashier and picked up a plastic spoon, fork, and knife, wrapped them in a napkin and rushed back to the table. 
“Here you go Mrs. Buchanan.” Louis said placing the utensils close to her platter. 
“Why thank you…Louis…is that right?” 
“Yea, it’s Louis.” 
“Can I ask you a question Louis?” 
“Sure. Shoot.” 
“Why did you ask to have lunch with me?” Paula asked removing the lid from her salad platter. 
“I thought it would be a nice gesture since you were alone.” 
Paula tilted her head sideways, “Come on now, tell me the truth.” She said sprinkling salt and pepper onto her salad.
Louis laughed heartily and responded, “Ok Mrs. Buchanan. You want honesty, here it is. Since I started working here I thought you was a very attractive woman. I wanted to meet you and get to know you so I asked and was told you was a little anti social…”
“Who told you that?” Paula interrupted with a look of shock on her face. 
Louis laughed again, “I’m not going to tell you all that but it wasn’t any of the women you work with. Anyway, I didn’t believe it because I saw how friendly you are with your patients but anytime I tried to approach you to introduce myself, you seemed too busy so I just waited for the right time.”
“And now was the right time?”  
“Now is the best time. I saw an opportunity and I went for it.” Louis said licking his bottom lip. 
“Well now that you have me here, what is it that you want from me, Mr. Louis?” Paula asked taking a sip of her water. 
“Do you want the long or short version?” Louis asked. 
“Seeing that my lunch break is only an hour and I used up 30 minutes already, I prefer the shorter version.” 
“I’m a real simple dude Mrs. Buchanan but I like nice things. I like nice cars, nice clothes, nice homes, and a nice woman. My attraction to you is because you are a very beautiful woman, aside from that, I noticed you are serious when it comes to your job and I figure you must take life serious too. I admire how you carry yourself and as a woman I see that you take pride in your appearance, your scrubs are always clean and pressed, your hair is always flipped nicely, you always smell like a fresh bed of roses, and you’re just plain sexy. I also sense you like nice things and if I’m right, that’s something that we might have in common.” 
“That’s very nice of you to say but you still haven’t told me what you want from me.” 
“All I want from you Mrs. Buchanan is a chance. That’s all I need. Give me a chance to get to know you better and I’ll promise you won’t regret it.”
“How could you be so sure Mr. Louis? What are you going to do to ensure that if I were to give you a chance I wouldn’t regret it in the end?” 
“The only thing I can do. Love you.”
Paula blushed.
“What do you know about love Mr. Louis?”
“What don’t I know? Love is an emotion that is defined by the feeling you have for a person. It’s the foundation of relationships and has to be nurtured and maintained for longevity.” Louis gazed in Paula’s eyes seriously. “Love is about giving me a chance.” 
“Wow Mr. Louis, that was very profound.” Looking down at her watch Paula rose from the table, “My break is over. Thank you for sitting with me for lunch Mr. Chance.” 
Louis rose to his feet, “Thanks for allowing me to sit with you. I’ll walk you back to the nurse’s station, I’m going that way.”
“Ok.” Paula responded as they walked to the hallway. 
“Did you see how everyone was staring at us or am I being paranoid?” Paula asked Louis as they walked down the long corridor to the nurse’s station. 
“Of course I peeped that. People are always looking for something out of the norm. Seeing me and you sitting down eating lunch, they automatically thinking we’re either a couple or soon to be. Don’t be surprised if they start calling you a cougar.”
“A cougar, I’m not an animal.” Paula replied with attitude. 
“Nah, a cougar is an older woman that dates younger men.” Louis said chuckling. 
“Oh. But why cougar? Oh forget it. Well how much older than you do you think I am?” 
“To be honest Mrs. Buchanan, I don’t really care. Your age doesn’t matter to me. I just want a fair chance to get to know you, if that’s possible.” 
“That may be possible depending on the time. We’ll see.” Paula paused and looked at Louis, “How old are you?”
“Will my age play a part in you giving me a chance?”
“It may or may not. How old are you?”
“I’m 25.”
“You’re not that much older than my son!”
Paula turned around and grabbed the door to the nurse’s station and Louis boldly grabbed her hand, “I only told my age because I know you won’t concentrate on the number and concentrate more on my words and intentions. Can we get together sometime so we can finish where we left off today?” 
Paula pulled her hand away slowly and seductively, “Maybe, we’ll see Louis.”
She walked through the doors and was immediately greeted by her co-worker Marlene. 
“You don’t waste anytime huh girl?” Marlene asked laughing as she noticed Louis standing in the doorway.
Paula looked at her friend then smiled and said, “I’m a cougar.”







Chapter 11
Another Buchanan Beatdown

It was 2 am and Jason was leaving Magic’s house, drained from the mind-numbing sex she gave him. He and Magic had grown closer since the emotional conversation in the park and had been spending a lot of time together after he came back home from registering for Fall classes. His feelings for her had grown stronger but he was still a little confused, trying to define if he was in love or in lust with her. More important, he wasn’t sure if she even had feelings for him close to what he felt for her. He enjoyed being around her and was learning the mechanics of being in a relationship from his experience with her and now fully disagreed with his uncle Rick’s idea about strippers because she was proving his theory wrong. She was nothing like Rick described; her story was much different. She was a young woman who experienced hardship because of the environment she was forced to grow up in. It wasn’t her fault her body developed at an early age, it wasn’t her fault her step father was a sick pedophile who cared nothing about robbing her of her innocence, and it wasn’t her fault her mother died before having the chance to teach her how to be a woman and love herself first. In spite of it all, she showed her strength and ability to deal with life’s difficulties. 
Jason waited for the elevator to come to Magic’s floor but it was taking too long. He turned and headed to the stairwell exit to walk down the eight flights to the lobby but quickly changed his mind when he heard the faint ‘ding’ that signaled the elevator’s arrival. He trudged sluggishly back to the elevator and waited for the doors to open. He was fatigued and his mind was spaghetti from all the twisted thoughts of he and Magic. When the elevator doors opened, Jason gathered himself to get on but had to wait until someone else got off. He moved to the side to allow the passenger room to exit and then he boarded. 
“Hey my man.” The man who got off the elevator turned and said. “Where you coming from?” 
“Umm, I’m coming from 8C.” Jason replied pushing the button for the lobby.  
“Really? That’s funny ‘cause she been in the hospital for a week. You must have keys to the crib. Do you have keys to her crib?” The guy asked, his feet blocking the elevator doors, preventing them from closing. 
Hearing that, Jason stood frozen looking at the man. He was trapped inside of the elevator; his exit blocked by the man asking him the weird questions.  
“Now that we both know you’re lying. I’m gon’ ask you the question again, this time you’re gon’ tell me the truth, right?” the man asked, leaning ominously into the elevator as he spoke. 
Jason didn’t answer but nodded his head slowly. He couldn’t speak because the fear he felt engulfed him.
“What apartment did you just come from?” the man pulled a chrome gun from his waist while holding the elevator doors open. 
“Please don’t hurt me.” Jason begged upon seeing the gun. “I just came from 8G.” Jason covered his face with his trembling hands. 
“You just came outta my girl’s house?” the guy grabbed Jason by his shirt and snatched him off the elevator in one sweeping motion and threw him into the building’s hallway. 
Jason hit the wall face first and slumped down to the ground. The guy stood over Jason’s body and pressed the revolver against the back of his head. 
“Yo. You was in there fucking my girl kid? Is you one of those trick ass muthafuckas from the strip club? Huh, muthafucka?” the gun was pressed harder against the base of Jason’s cranium. “You was fucking her while my son in there? Yo, I should murk you for disrespecting my son like that!” Damian said, then he angrily hit Jason in the side of his face with the butt of the gun. 
Jason felt immediate pain on the side of his face as the force from the blow swiveled his head viciously and slammed against the wall, blood splashing out of his mouth onto the floor of the hallway. He let out an ear-piercing shriek and grabbed his mouth with both hands then cowered in the fetal position. 
“Get the fuck up!” Damian yelled as he stomped Jason in his side. “Get the fuck up or I’m gon’ pull the trigger and finish your punk ass!” 
“Please, please. I just want to go home.” Jason begged, trembling and spitting out blood.
Damian grabbed Jason by his ankles and dragged him down the hallway to the rear exit. Jason’s arms were outstretched over his head and his head flopped to the side while being pulled by his feet. He was terrified and completely helpless as the maniac dragged him down the hallway. His head was thumping like a heartbeat, his side was bruised and tender from the kick, and his heart rate was soaring. 
Damian stopped by the back exit then holstered his weapon. He pulled Jason up by his arms and sat him upright on the wall next to the exit door. Damian suddenly grabbed Jason by his head, pulled him to where he was standing and slammed his head against the door numerous times until Jason’s eyes flickered.
“You got money on you muthafucka?” he screamed as Jason cried out in pain. 
He slammed his head against the door three more times as Jason’s body went limp from the pain. 
“Please, please…” he murmured. 
Alerted by the loud screaming, Magic raced to her front door and ventured out into the hallway. She walked towards the elevator and was shocked when she saw Damian slamming Jason’s head against the metal exit door.
“Oh my God! Jason!”  
“That’s your trick’s name?” Damian shouted looking at Magic. “He ‘bout to get it in a bad way! You ain’t gon’ keep having muthafuckas coming to see you. Nobody but me, you hear me! Nobody!” 
“Damian! Don’t hurt him, please!”  
“You acting like you really give a fuck about this dude! You know what? If you so worried about this faggot ass punk muthafucka, doctor on him when I put him to sleep for good!” Damian was seething. “That’s my fucking pussy Magic, you belong to me! I swear you gon’ make me kill this trick if you keep disrespecting me like this!” Damian threatened. 
“I’m going to call the police Damian! You better leave him alone. Jason! I’m so sorry!” Magic yelled, turning to go to her apartment.
“You dirty hoe! You fucked that muthafucka and my son in the crib! I’m gon’ kill you bitch!” Damian banged Jason’s head against the door again with brute force then ran behind Magic. 
Jason lay on the ground dizzy with fear and unable to move. He had no idea how his ordeal was going to end. When Magic told him about her boyfriend being a jealous psychopath, he never imagined it to this degree. He struggled to get to his feet to try and help Magic but his legs wouldn’t cooperate and he slumped back to the ground and held his head with both hands.
“Magic!” Jason screamed out weakly. 
Damian rushed back to where Jason was laying, fire dancing in his pupils as he kicked him in the mouth. “Shut the fuck up trick ‘fore I push your wig back!” 
Damian screamed out, “I’m not letting this muthafucka live, he dead Magic. I’m gon’ kill this faggot ass trick! I told you to stop that bullshit you doing, you think I’m fucking playing!”
Jason lay on the cold floor falling in and out of consciousness feeling helpless all over again, just as he had felt when his father was murdered four years ago.
“Where’s the money?” Damian yelled out. “I said where’s the money!” Damian kicked Jason in his mouth again. 
“I don’t have any money. Please!” Jason whimpered as thick globs of blood seeped out his mouth. 
“If you don’t give me your money, I’m going to torture you, you fucking trick.” 
Damian snatched Jason up off the ground and threw him against the wall.
“You like fucking her?” Damian whispered as he gritted his teeth. 
Jason could smell the alcohol on Damian’s breath and turned his face away. 
“I asked you a fucking question!” Damian screamed then hocked spit in Jason’s face then bounced him off the wall. 
“Please.” Jason gurgled. 
“Please? How much money you gave her to fuck, huh muthafucka? How much?” Damian started going through Jason’s pockets. 
Damian pulled out Jason’s wallet from his back pocket after checking his front pockets and finding only a small amount of money. He backhanded Jason who hit the floor again with a thud. He kicked him in his ribs then turned to look for Magic. He entered her apartment and walked to the back where she had gone. As he made his way through the apartment, he opened the wallet and smiled when he saw three crisp one hundred dollar bills along with four twenty dollar bills. When he looked up, Magic was standing in her bedroom doorway staring at him. She rolled her eyes and went back into her room and came back out with the cordless telephone. Damian looked at her and smiled wickedly then threw the wallet on the ground next to her feet. Magic bent down and picked it up and held it in her hand silently. Damian turned around and walked back to the hallway where Jason was on the ground moaning. He stood over him then flipped him over onto his back and placed his foot on his chest. Jason gasped for air as he tried in vain to move Damian’s foot off his chest. 
“Damian, I’m calling the police!” Magic yelled from her apartment. 
Damian turned his head quickly then stomped Jason in his chest with such force that he spit up blood, then he stepped over him without saying anything, pushing the exit door open and escaping down the stairs. Magic finished up her phone call and ran over to Jason. She cringed at the sight of Jason’s swollen face and eyes.
“I just called the ambulance Jason.” She said as she sat down on the floor and put his head in her lap.
Jason moaned something but she couldn’t make out what he was saying. 
“Shhh baby. They should be here soon. I’m so sorry this happened.” Magic said. “I need to go check on DJ real quick, I’ll be right back.” 
Magic went back inside her apartment and when she came back out to check on Jason the EMT workers were already working on him.  
“Is he going to be ok?” she asked the EMT worker who was checking Jason’s injuries. 
Jason winced as the EMT worker applied pressure to different parts of his upper body to see if he had any broken bones. His jaw and lips were swollen and stained with dried up blood. One of his eyes had a black and blue ring under it and the other was almost closed shut. Damian had really put in some brutal work on him. Magic looked at him and touched his hand tenderly. 
“Jason, I’m so sorry. I can’t believe he did this to you.” 
“Don’t worry Magic.” Jason looked up at Magic with his good eye. “I handled everything just fine.” He chuckled then moaned. “I knew he would eventually hurt his hand on my face.”
The EMT worker snickered and Magic ran her hand lovingly across Jason’s face. 
He looked up at her, winked his good eye and said, “Honestly Magic. I wasn’t sure before but now I am. I love you.” 
Magic’s heart skipped, “And I love you too Jason.” She leaned down and gently kissed him on his busted lips. 
Jason smiled and closed his eye. 







Chapter 12
Meeting of the Minds

“WHAT!” Mrs. Buchanan heart dropped, “Where is he? Oh my God is he all right?” 
Paula dropped the cordless phone and jumped out of the bed and ran to her closet and put a light overcoat over her nightgown then grabbed her cell phone off the nightstand and headed out the door. She was dialing a cab number and nervously gave her address as she reached the bottom of the stairs. She impatiently waited until she saw the black Lincoln pull up slowly in front of her building. She yanked the door open and jumped inside, shouting the address to St. Mary’s Hospital. 
“Please hurry, something terrible has happened to my son.”
The cab driver pulled up in front of St. Mary’s Hospital Emergency Unit in what seemed like five minutes and Mrs. Buchanan bailed out of the car so quickly she forgot to pay her fare. She rushed inside clutching her jacket around her tightly and because she was in such a worried state she spoke in her native tongue to a nurse in Triage and asked could she go in the back to locate her son. The Caribbean born nurse recognized Paula’s accent and personally ushered her to the back.
“Tank you, mi can’t even tink straight.” Paula told her then began her search for Jason. 
Paula walked around the emergency room pulling curtains back to see which bed her son occupied. After checking numerous beds, she stopped at the nurse’s station and asked one of them to help her find Jason and she was immediately directed to his bed. 
“Jason!” Paula cried out when she saw his beaten and swollen face. “Oh my God! Who did this to my baby!” she cried out looking around frantically then walked away to find an attending nurse or doctor to get information on what happened to her son. 
While she searched, she noticed a young lady walking in her direction. The young woman was dressed in a pair of form fitting tights with a long t-shirt that had the words “PEEK-A-BOO” emblazoned on the front. She had a long blond weave that was tied up in a ponytail and she walked right pass Paula over to Jason’s bed. Paula watched in wonderment as the young lady grabbed his hand and rubbed it gently. 
“Excuse me sweety, who are you?” Paula asked walking up behind her. 
The young lady turned around and looked at Paula and in her sweetest voice she replied, “ My name is Michelle. I’m sorry, you must be Jason’s mother.” 
“I am.” Mrs. Buchanan confirmed, her eye twitching. “How do you know my son, may I ask?” Paula was looking at how Michelle was holding her son’s hand in hers. 
“I’m a close friend of Jason.” 
“A close friend?” Mrs. Buchanan tilted her head to the left. “I practically know all Jason’s friends but I never heard him mention your name. Where did you meet him?” Mrs. Buchanan asked placing her hands on her hips. 
Michelle hesitated before answering Mrs. Buchanan.  
“We met right before the summer started and we’ve been dating.” Michelle explained. 
“Dating?” Paula shook her head slowly then looked down at Jason lying in the bed and then turned her attention back to Michelle. 
“Do you know what happened to my son?” 
Paula stared at Michelle, waiting on her to answer. 
“You didn’t answer me. Do you know what happened to my son?”
“No, I don’t know what happened to him.” Michelle finally replied. 
“Well who contacted you and told you my son was here in the emergency room?” Paula asked raising one eyebrow. 
“A police officer called me. Jason didn’t have any ID on him and wasn’t able to talk so they looked through his cell phone and called the last number in his log and it happened to be mine.” 
“He has identification in his wallet. Where is his wallet? Do you…”
Jason began to stir in the bed and both women turned their attention to him. Michelle breathed a sigh of relief because the intensive interrogation from Jason’s mother came to a halt, at least for the time being. 
Jason opened his good eye but his vision was blurry. When his retina finally focused, his mother came into view. 
“Hey mother.” He said through a pasty-filmed mouth. 
“Hey baby. What happened to you?” Mrs. Buchanan immediately asked, inspecting every inch of his facial bruises. 
“Aw mother, it’s nothing. Some guy didn’t like the fact…” Jason stopped when he noticed Magic standing a couple of feet behind his mother. “Hey Magic. What are you doing here? Where’s your son? Are you ok?” 
Mrs. Buchanan turned and looked at Magic. “Your name is Magic? I thought you said your name was Michelle?” 
“My name is Michelle, my nickname is Magic.” 
“Jason, who is this girl?” Mrs. Buchanan turned to her son, searching for a straighter answer than she received from Magic. 
“That girl mother, is the woman I’m in love with.” Jason responded, looking lovingly at Magic with his good eye.
“What?” her eyebrows raised, “Love? Jason, what are you talking about? Are you delirious? What kind of medication have they given you?” Mrs. Buchanan looked at her son unable to wrap her mind around what he said to her. 
Magic stayed silent. She stared at Jason and smiled. It had been a long time since a man, other than Damian, expressed true warmth and love for her. 
“Ok wait Jason. Let’s deal with one thing at a time and what’s really important is what happened to you. Once we get pass that then you can tell me about this girl. So please, tell me what happened to you because that is my only concern at this point.”
Jason looked at Magic then looked at his mother. 
“Mother, before I tell you, can you promise that you won’t be judgmental?” 
“Judgmental?” Mrs. Buchanan looked at Magic. “Hold on one second. Don’t tell me she had something to do with this?”
“Mother, just promise me you’ll allow me to tell you the whole story.”  
“Go on Jason. I want to hear what happened. Please just tell me.”  
Jason looked at Magic again and her eyes seemed to be pleading with him not to tell his mother. Jason nodded his head slowly, then said to Magic softly, “Don’t worry, the truth is always best.“ 
“Mother.” Jason said, turning to Paula. “Magic and I had spent the day together. We went to the movies then to eat at a restaurant. Afterwards I rode her home and she invited me up and we started to talk. We lost track of time and when I looked at my watch it was already past midnight and I decided to leave. Magic offered for me to stay the night on her couch because she said her neighborhood wasn’t the safest place at that hour.” Jason peeked over at Magic who was standing with her hands folded over her breast with a small reassuring smile. “I wasn’t comfortable with spending the night although I appreciated the gesture and left anyway. While I was waiting for the elevator, some guy attacked and robbed me. Magic heard the commotion in the hallway and when she found out I was being robbed, she called the police then came out to try and help me. When the guy saw her, he attacked her too. Mother, she risked her life to help me and if she hadn’t come out when she did I don’t know how much worse this would have been.” Jason rubbed his hand across his face slowly.
Mrs. Buchanan looked at Magic and a scowl grew on her face slowly as she spoke, “I just asked you did you know what happened to my son and you looked me right in my face and lied to me.” She turned back to Jason. “Is that why you don’t want me to judge her, huh Jason? Are you afraid I’m going to see her for the liar she is? You said she was attacked too? How’s that, when she doesn’t have a scratch on her? Did you even know her name was Michelle? I can’t believe this Jason, I can’t believe you would allow yourself to get mixed up with this, this…” Mrs. Buchanan turned to Magic with disgust and waved her palm at her. “And now you want me to believe that what happened to you was a random attack?”
“Yes mother. Is that really hard to believe? I know I can’t excuse Magic’s lying but I can only believe she did so to avoid this kind of reaction from you. The truth is that this happened and it’s not her fault.” Jason closed his eye. “I’ve always been a victim. I’ve always been singled out just because and it has been like that for as long as I can remember.” 
“What do you mean Jason? I’ve never heard you say anything about this before. Why haven’t you ever told me?” Mrs. Buchanan looked into her son’s somber eye when he reopened it. “I’m sorry Jason. I had no idea. I do believe you and I’m sorry if I acted as if I didn’t. I know that violent random acts do happen.” Mrs. Buchanan grabbed his hand in hers forgetting Magic was present. “I can never forget the night your father was murdered. Since that tragic incident I’ve tried to shelter you because you were the last person on this evil earth I loved and I didn’t want anything to happen to you.”
“I know mother. Losing dad was the most vulnerable I’ve ever felt in my life and I haven’t been able to man up since his death. I’ve always been afraid; I’ve always been the guy everyone picked on like the word “victim” was written on my forehead. It’s only after I met Magic and spoke to her did I realize that I wasn’t the only person that has been victimized in this world.” Jason looked at Magic then continued, “Our life experiences may be different but the outcome is very similar. We both have accepted the fact we have been victims and we both have since decided to stop being victims. She showed it tonight by risking everything and coming to my aid. I have yet to prove the same to her. I love her mother. I really do.” 
“Jason, I have to be honest with you, that’s a very moving testimony however, the fact is that the first girl that comes along that you feel you have something in common with or feel a strong connection to is not solid proof of love. Sometimes we can get love confused with lust.” Mrs. Buchanan looked at Magic with contempt. 
“Mother, please believe me, I know what I’m feeling. I know it’s not lust, that feeling is based on pure physical attraction. What I feel for Magic is more than physical, it’s more than mental or spiritual, what I feel for her is celestial.” Jason said, blinking his one good eye slowly. 
“Jason, I don’t want to question your choices because I know I’ve taught you better, but do you really think it’s a good idea to get involved with this girl on an emotional level? I mean, aside from the similarities you share in having been victims or victimized, what other valid association do you both have in common? It’s obvious you both are from two different worlds.” Mrs. Buchanan looked Magic up and down and skinned up her nose, “Look at her.” 
“Opposites attract Mrs. Buchanan. I’m sure you heard that saying before.” Magic said in response to Mrs. Buchanan’s statement. 
“You have raised and taught me how to make conscious decisions in my life mother. I have not forgotten what you’ve instilled in me so you should feel confident in my judgment and trust what I’m telling you. You have to get to know her from the inside out, not the outside in. You’ve always told me never judge a book by its cover. That’s people’s biggest misconception.” 
“Jason. I cannot stand here and act like I approve of what you’re telling me. Yes I taught you better but I don’t think you are thinking rationally. You have such a bright future ahead of you and nothing should stop that from coming to fruition…nothing.” Mrs. Buchanan shot Magic an ice-cold stare. “You have to understand what I’m feeling right now. I get a call in the middle of the night that you’re in the emergency room and here you lay, beaten and bruised telling me you are in love with some girl that you’ve obviously just met and is ultimately responsible for you being here, directly or indirectly.” Mrs. Buchanan looked at Magic and rolled her eyes and sucked her teeth loudly. “This is a lot for me to digest especially under these circumstances. Please tell me this is just some sick dream Jason. I just cannot believe what you’re telling me is real.”
“Mrs. Buchanan. I might be outta pocket by saying this but I think you should leave Jason to his own feelings. You can’t control how he feels and just so you know, he’s not feeling it all alone because I love him too.” 
“Out of pocket? Excuse me? Oh my goodness Jason. Is this someone your uncle Rick introduced you to? Do you hear how she talks? Does she speak to you this way? It’s a wonder you can even understand what she’s saying? Can’t you see Jason; you are better than all of this. You’re destined for success and are going to be something in life; you have to be wary of the people you meet. You have to be careful.” 
“If you’re referring to me Mrs. Buchanan please don’t worry because it’s not your life I’m trying to be in, it’s Jason’s. So you can keep your nasty comments to yourself.” Magic looked at Jason, “I can’t stand here and listen to your moms diss me like I’m trash. I’m leaving. Call me when she’s gone.” Magic turned on her heels and walked away without saying goodbye to Mrs. Buchanan. 
“You see that Jason. No manners. How can she speak to me like that? She has no respect. My point is proven. You can’t teach these street girls how to conduct themselves like young ladies.”
“I’m sorry mother, I can’t agree with you because you were so demeaning to her just now. She’s been through a lot but she has a pure heart. You didn’t give her a chance, you judged her before getting to know her.”  
“You really think I’m wrong about this girl Jason? Think about it for a minute, I’m a woman. I know how they think honey. She has the look of deceit in her eyes, she’s looking for someone whom she can control and take advantage of.”
“You’re wrong this time mother. You’re wrong.” Jason said and closed his eye. 



















Chapter 13
Buchanan Payback

Jason knocked on the gray steel door three times rapidly, waited three seconds then knocked two times and waited. There was a small 4x4 custom square cut out on the door that was covered by a metal grate and bulletproof glass. A black curtain was pulled to the side and then the sliding bolt could be heard being pushed to the side to open the door. A tall muscular man was holding the knob of the door while the other gripped a semi automatic pistol. 
“What’s up bookworm? I heard you ‘bout to head to college. Your uncle is downstairs.” The doorman said to Jason as he closed the door behind him and stood at his post by the door. 
“Thanks Percy.” Jason replied as he headed for the stairs to the basement.
Rick owned a successful illegal gambling/pool hall in Brownsville. His establishment was well known and frequented by everyone who loved the gambling experience of a big casino without leaving the comfort of New York. He had a diverse clientele from notorious drug dealers to Wall Street stockbrokers. Rick prided himself on running one of the safest gambling dens in Brooklyn by being discreet and keeping customer disturbances to a minimum, which resulted in him never being raided by the authorities. 
Jason walked down the dark narrow hallway that was illuminated by fluorescent lights that flickered off and on periodically. He pulled a door that opened towards him and descended the stairs to the basement. There was a beautiful woman in hot pants and a white wife beater standing at the bottom of the stairs who stamped Jason’s hand with ink that could only be seen under an ultraviolet light. She welcomed him as he made his way through the spacious basement that was transformed into a miniature size Las Vegas casino. There were roulette and card tables positioned all around the floor with slot machines positioned alongside the walls. There was an assorted crowd of men and women who were placing bets at the tables and playing the slots. Women in mini skirts were walking around offering the gamblers drinks in small plastic cups. Jason maneuvered his way through the crowd to the back where Rick’s office was. He passed by the bar and greeted the barmaid who, upon seeing him, pressed a button to release the door that led to the Rick’s office. Jason pushed the door open as another armed guard nodded to him then closed the door. 
“What’s up nephew?” Rick said from behind the large oak desk in his office. 
“Hey uncle Rick. It’s crowded out there, looks like business is good today.” Jason responded shaking his hand. 
“Yea man. Business here is fine but I’m having problems elsewhere, somebody keeps hitting my spots but I’m closing in on ‘em. Anyway, how you nephew? You ‘bout to break out huh?” Rick asked as he put a mound of bills into an automatic bill counter. 
“I’m fine uncle Rick, I just wanted to see you before I left. I’m going to really miss hanging out with you.” 
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll still come through and scoop you up. You right in the city, you ain’t far so we can still do how we do.”  
“Before I left I wanted to come by and thank you for all the things you have done for me. You have been like my guardian angel watching my back and taking care of any problems I have.” Jason paused to look around Rick’s elaborate office. “You’ve taught me a lot and the things I’ve learned from you are priceless and I really appreciate you taking me under your wing and standing in for my father.” 
“What I do with and for you comes from the love I have for you. Since I don’t have kids of my own, I’m keeping the promise I made to your pops that I would make sure no harm ever came to you if I could help it. You may not agree with a lot of what I’ve done and what you’ve seen and been exposed to but this is a part of life you need to be aware of so you won’t be surprised by any of the games these streets play. Even though you about to get a college education, you already been educated in another school, The School of Hard Knocks.” Rick smiled and got up from behind his desk and hugged his nephew. 
“I’ve learned a lot.” Jason said after their embrace. 
“I know you have but I want you to come to me if you have any problems. I know you might not want to tell me everything you go through because you might think you’re bothering me but you have to understand that I’m here for you.”
“I know uncle Rick.” 
Rick held Jason at arms length and studied his face. “What happened to your eye nephew?” 
Jason ‘s smile slowly turned to a frown. He thought the ALMAY foundation he applied under his eye would camouflage the healing black eye he suffered from the beating delivered by Damian a couple weeks earlier. He never told Rick what happened because he was unaware he was seeing Magic exclusively.
“I had an altercation some weeks back with some guy and he got the best of me.” 
“Some weeks ago huh?” Rick stroked his goatee with his right hand while he stared up at the ceiling. “Did this happen at Breevort Projects?” 
“Yes. How did you know?” Jason asked surprised. 
“Never mind all that, I hear things. Why didn’t you come to me nephew? I woulda handled it for you. How did that shit go down anyway? Did you know the muthafucka you was rocking out with?” 
“Well no. The way it happened…” Jason didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence because Rick looked at one of the monitors in his office then ran over to his desk where he extracted a small Louisville slugger bat with a black metal ring around the top of it. 
Rick ran out of his office followed by his armed bodyguard while Jason stood in the office staring at the 20” LCD monitor. From what Jason could see, one of the patrons was being escorted by two bodyguards and seemed to be resisting. The bouncers were trying to be inconspicuous and shuffled him through the crowd as quickly as they could. Although Jason was not in the middle of the conflict he naturally felt nervous and his heart revved. He noticed his uncle clearing the crowd so he could get to the man. Once he got to him, he whispered in his ear but the man, who seemed to be drunk, pushed Rick away forcibly. Rick quickly whacked him upside his head with the bat and the bouncers grabbed him in a chokehold and started dragging him to the office. Jason backed up when he heard the door buzz. The bouncers threw the man inside and he landed on the hard wooden floor and slid into a tall oak bookshelf. Some of the books fell from the shelf onto him as Rick walked in twirling the bat in his hand. 
“Close the door. The sound proof one.” Rick instructed his bodyguard. 
Rick put his knee in the back of the man on the ground and applied pressure then leaned forward, holding the bat at opposite ends and placing it under his throat. He pulled back slowly, bending the man’s vertebrae as far as he could without breaking his back. The man screamed out in pain and Rick stopped and held him in that position for thirty seconds then let him go as his face hit the floor with a crashing thump. 
“I hate a snake but what I hate more than that is a thief!” Rick rose up turning to Jason. “This dickhead is a regular and I have a feeling he down with whoever’s robbing my spots. If it wasn’t for the fact that he has buzzard luck, I wouldn’t of figured it out so quickly. He’s a loser, never plays big and runs up a tab almost every other day he’s in here; he has the worst luck I’ve ever seen. Now all of a sudden this muhfucka is paying up his tab and dropping stacks on the table like he hit Lotto or something. I had my boys watch him and he was spotted lurking around one of the spots and a couple days later it got hit. Then this dumb ass gonna come to my spot and start spending all reckless, that’s when I put it together.” Rick looked at the man on the ground and shook his head. “What’s about to happen to him is not good business practice here but his actions is causing me to lose a lot of money.”
“Strap that muthafucka up!” Rick yelled to his bouncers. 
The bouncers grabbed the drunk man and hoisted him up roughly by his arms and pushed him face first into the wall. Both his arms were grabbed and placed behind his back and handcuffed. 
“Turn him around!” Rick commanded. 
When he was turned around his head hung down to his chest. Rick walked over to him slowly and lifted his head up by his chin with the fat part of the bat. Jason’s mouth dropped in shock when he realized it was Damian and he backed up slowly. Rick grabbed Damian’s face in one hand and squeezed his cheeks, “You must have a death wish. Nobody steals from me muthafucka!” 
Damian mumbled something that was incoherent and tried to shake his face to break Rick’s grip. 
“I want to know how you got that ratchet into my spot too.” Rick pulled out a silver plated magnum from Damian’s waist and shoved it into his mouth. “Was you planning on trying to stick my joint with this? Huh muthafucka?” 
Rick cocked the hammer back on the gun and held it steady in Damian’s mouth as his forehead broke out in small beads of sweat. Jason looked on, hiding behind one of the many bodyguards standing in the office. He immediately recognized the gun as being the same one used on him when Damian attacked him. He rubbed his jaw unconsciously as he watched his uncle commence to torture Damian. Rick removed the gun from his mouth and went over to his desk and opened a drawer and placed it inside. He called his bodyguard to him and whispered in his ear, “I want you to get rid of Percy. The only way this muthafucka coulda snuck some heat in here is through the front and that’s Percy’s post. I don’t wanna hear no excuses from him at all, just do it!” The bodyguard nodded his head in agreement then followed Rick back over to where Damian was being held. Rick slapped him viciously as Damian’s head shifted to the left violently. Then he choked him with one hand and quickly elbowed him in his jaw. Damian dropped his head to his chest as blood spewed from his mouth. Rick took one step back, cocked his hand back then swung the small bat delivering a ferocious blow to Damian’s knees that buckled him but the bodyguards held him up as Rick swung again and again at his knees. Damian screamed out in agony each time he felt the hard wood crash against his weakened kneecaps. 
Jason watched as one of the bodyguards hit Damian in the mid section with punishing blows, his eyes wide as saucers. Rick walked over to Jason and put his arm around his shoulder. 
“What’s wrong nephew, too graphic for you? Look, I’m sorry you had to see this but there are things that have to be handled now instead of later. You know what I mean?” He breathed out heavily. 
“I need to tell you something uncle Rick.” Jason replied as he tried to make sure Damian couldn’t see him. “That’s the guy that beat me up a couple of weeks ago.” 
Rick looked at Jason then back at Damian and his eyes lowered into slits.
“This the muthafucka that did that shit to you nephew!” He pointed at Jason’s black eye.
Jason bowed his head, “Yes.” 
Rick rushed over to Damian and uppercut him with his elbow as Damian’s head bounced back and forth from the blow.
 “You fucked with my family!” Rick pounded Damian’s face repeatedly with right and left hooks until his face was a bloody mess. He backed up and shook his hands then continued to beat his face severely. Damian was falling in and out of consciousness, grumbling each time a vicious strike landed on his battered face. Rick turned to Jason, his chest heaving and his bloodied fist down at his waist. 
“Come on and get you some nephew.” He breathed out. “This muthafucka gon’ wish he never fucked with the Buchanans!” 
“I c-c-c-can’t uncle Rick. You’ve done enough. I think he’s had enough.” Jason whispered.
“I ain’t hear you right. You got a chance for some get back nephew, you got a chance to do to him what he did to you.” 
“I just can’t do it, I don’t want to do it. I’m sorry.” Jason lowered his head. 
Rick looked at him with disbelief. “Aw fuck it! I’m not done with him. I’m gonna get him for you and me!” Rick turned around and walked back to Damian who was semi conscious. 
“Get the power drill!” he screamed to one of his bouncers. Rick looked over at Jason and was disgusted. “You might want to leave now nephew, I’m ‘bout to play doctor and I don’t think your stomach will be able to take the surgery I’m ‘bout to perform on this muthafucka.” 
“Please don’t kill him uncle Rick, please.” 
“I don’t understand you nephew. You really don’t get it do you? Don’t worry, I’m not going to kill him but I’m gonna try to come as close as I possibly can.” Rick turned back around and took the Black and Decker drill while the bouncers placed plastic beneath Damian’s feet. “I’ll talk to you later nephew.” Rick said without turning around. 
Jason slowly walked to the door and waited for the bodyguard to open the door for him to leave. He peeked back at Damian who was attached to the wall with arms spread apart like Jesus on the cross. He heard the eerie whirring of the drill and was out of the office before he could hear the blood curdling screams of Damian.  





Chapter 14
Departure

“What’s up baby? I’m gonna miss you so much when you leave today.” Magic said hugging Jason tightly around his neck when he entered her apartment.
“I know. I’m going to miss you too.” Jason responded talking into the nape of her neck. 
“You think I’ll be able to come up to visit you on campus sometime to get me some dick or are you gonna come to Brooklyn and break a sister off?” Magic asked laughing. 
“Huh?” 
“I’m joking baby. I just wanna know how often I’m gonna see you after you leave.” 
“I’m going to come to Brooklyn every break I get to see you and visit my mother.” 
“Speaking of your mother, is she still talking shit about you being with me?” Magic stepped back and looked in Jason’s eyes. 
“Not really. I haven’t spoken to her since that night in the hospital. I’m trying to wait for the right time to discuss it with her.” Jason said squeezing Magic’s hand.
“You know you gonna have to talk to her soon because I don’t want no problems with your moms. I rather have her approval but if she doesn’t give it then fuck it. You know what I’m saying?” Magic shrugged her shoulders.
“I understand Magic but I’m hoping she’ll come around once she sees how much I love you and how serious we are about being together. I think she’s more worried about your intentions than anything else.” Jason responded.
“Well to be honest, I didn’t make a good first impression. I guess when she first saw me I wasn’t dressed appropriately. I mean, my outfit was screaming hooker or stripper.” Magic snickered. “I guess I can understand how she feels. I need to make some changes and for beginners, we’re dropping the name Magic and only using my real name, Michelle, from now on. The second thing I’m going to do is quit dancing and find me a real job.”
“Magic, I mean Michelle. I don’t want you to start changing because of how my mother feels…” 
Magic put her index finger to his lips, “Shhh…baby. Being with you is what makes me want to change and be a better person. It’s the love you’re showing me that makes me want to love you back equally.” Michelle blinked slowly, “Jason, I never had anyone love and care about me the way you do. I want to make you happy and I know changing who and what I am is going to do just that. It’s gonna take some time but I’m gonna do it for me and for you Jason. I love you that much.”
Jason looked at Michelle and his heart swelled. He hadn’t expected to hear anything like that come out of her voice box. Hearing what she wanted to do gave him hope in believing their relationship was going to last longer than he imagined. 
“Michelle, if that’s what you really want to do, I’m going to help you by doing whatever it takes to make us grow as a couple. Going back to school and pursuing a degree is a great start.  Is there anything you’ve dreamed of doing?” 
“Don’t laugh, but I always wanted to be a lawyer or a cop.”  
“I wouldn’t laugh at anything you’re serious about Michelle. I will support any decision you make and anything you want to do. I think being a lawyer or a police officer is a fine career choice. I can look into getting you some information on both if you want.”
“See, that’s why I love you Jason. You’re so genuine and really care about me. Don’t worry baby, I’m going to get all the info I need. I’m going to look into it myself, I might be in school while you’re away at college.” Michelle smiled.
“That would be great. If you were to go now then we would graduate around the same time. I would be able to help you with your studies and that’ll give us a way to spend more time together.” 
Michelle grabbed Jason in her arms and hugged him tightly and whispered in his ear. “I’m gonna make you two promises today. One is that I’m going to be wifey material by the time you graduate and the second promise is that you will never have to worry about my son’s father anymore, I’m going to tell him to stay out of my life for good so he won’t come around and fuck up what we’re doing. This is officially your pussy Jason…for life, if you want it.” 
“Michelle, I need to tell you something.” Jason looked down to the floor.
“What is it baby?” 
“It’s about Damian. My uncle Rick beat him up pretty bad.” 
“WHAT!” Michelle screamed backing away from Jason. “Why the fuck would he do that! Did you tell him what Damian did to you! I don’t believe you did that shit Jason, that’s my son’s father!”  
“No, no, I didn’t tell him about what happened to me. He said Damian stole from him.” 
“You’re lying! Why would you do that Jason, why?” 
“I didn’t. I promise you. I would never do anything like that.”
Michelle turned her back to Jason and walked to the window then turned around, “Where is he now Jason. How bad did he get beaten?”
“I honestly don’t know. I left after he started beating him.” 
“Oh my God, how am I gonna tell my son this, how!” 
“I’m sorry Michelle, I swear I didn’t have anything to do with it. I swear.”
Michelle suddenly calmed down and looked at Jason.
“You know something, I believe you Jason. I’m sorry. I guess its karma. After what he did to you, something bad was bound to happen to him.” 
“I’m truly sorry.” 
“Don’t worry about it. Jason?”
“Yes.” 
“Since I’m not going to be dancing anymore, is there anyway you can give me $2,500 before you leave for college. I’m going to need to pay my bills and have a little pocket money. That’s if you got it.” 
“No problem.” Jason pulled out a wad of bills from his front pocket and handed them over to her. 
“Thank you daddy.” Michelle smiled as she knelt down and undid his zipper. 

***

Mrs. Buchanan was sitting on the bed in her room looking through a collage of pictures of her, Ronald and Jason. Mrs. Buchanan’s emotions were on a roller coaster as she laughed, smiled, and cried reminiscing about the days leading up to Jason’s graduation from high school. She held a picture of Jason lying on his father’s chest just after losing his twin, and then with both hands, she placed it over her heart and held her head back. 
“I’m going to miss our baby so much when he leaves. You would be so proud of him Ronald.” Paula sighed heavily as her eyes reddened from trying to fight back tears. “I miss you so much Ronald. I wish you were here to see how well I’ve done with our son. You know he’s about to leave and it’s just hitting me that I’m going to be here all alone.” A tear danced out of her eye as she breathed out, “I miss you so much and don’t want you to think I don’t love you anymore because I do, but I need a companion Ronald. I just need someone to take away this lonely feeling I have. I haven’t been with anyone since your death and I’m afraid that if I get involved with someone you might feel I’ll lose the love we shared but I promise you, that will never happen.” She looked up to the ceiling as tears flowed freely out of her eyes. “I’m so confused right now but I know I have never stopped loving you or thinking of you. I am still dedicated to finding out who took you away from us. I won’t rest until they find that animal and give me closure and justice. So much time has passed but the wound is still fresh. I pray when he’s found he suffers a terrible death for what he has done to our family.” Paula folded her hands together. “Ronald, I need to begin living again, I need to move on.” She sniffled. “There is someone I have been conversing with and he’s very young but there is something about him that interests me. It could be he reminds me of you in some aspects. I want to give him an honest chance, I want to see if I’m ready to get involved with another man and I need to know that it’s going to be all right with you first. I just want you to know that what you and I have cannot be replaced by any man, ever.” Paula dried her tears and closed her eyes then lowered her head. “Ha! People would think I’m crazy for talking to you like this but they don’t know you’re the reason Jason and I have gotten so far.” She smiled weakly. “Oh and let me tell you one more thing. That boy of yours is seeing some nasty go go dancer that takes her clothes off in front of men and has sex for money. Ugh! And he swears he’s in love with her. I can’t let him get mixed up with that kind of trash, not after all the work we’ve put into him, no sir, I’m not going to let that happen!” 
“Mother. Mother.” Jason yelled as he entered the apartment. 
“In here Jason.” Mrs. Buchanan yelled back checking herself in the mirror to make sure there was no evidence she had been crying. 
Jason walked to his mother’s room and stood in the doorway. He noticed the pictures scattered about on her bed then walked over, sat on the bed picking up a handful and looking through them. Mrs. Buchanan stood next to him and stroked his hair as he looked at the old pictures.  
She looked at Jason lovingly. It was going to be painful to see him go but this was what she worked so hard for, it was what she always wanted for her only son. His success in life reflected her success as a mother. 
“Are you ok mother?” 
“Yes baby, I’m going to be fine.” 
“Do you want to ride with me to the dorm?”
“You don’t mind me accompanying you? You sure it won’t be too embarrassing to be seen with your mother helping you move your things on campus?” 
“Not at all mother. I’m not embarrassed by you, you’re my favorite girl.” 
“Thank you baby. You know exactly what to say at the right time.” Mrs. Buchanan hugged his neck. 
“Let me call a cab and we’ll take the bags downstairs.” Jason said picking up the cordless phone. 
“Mother?” Jason said after loading the bags into the trunk of the cab and sitting in the backseat. “I want to talk with you about my future.” 
“Go ahead Jason. Let’s talk about your future.” 
“You know I value your opinion and I am grateful for your guidance however, there is something that I desperately need your approval and acceptance on.” Jason started. “I will officially be a college student and I am going to be faced with situations where I will have to make decisions and choices that will directly affect my life and future.” Jason looked at his mother as the cab driver swerved around a double parked car. “I’m confident the choices I make, depending on the circumstances, will be based on how you raised me but there are also going to be some decisions I will make you may not agree with. It won’t mean they’re the wrong choices or decisions nor will it mean that I’m not thinking in accordance to how you raised me. What it will mean is that I’m becoming a man willing to take a chance on what I feel is best for me. I will always welcome your opinion but the ultimate decision will always be mine in the end.”
“Jason, I have come to grips with you leaving and you becoming a man but there’s something you too must understand. Yes, I raised you to be determined and driven for success because I didn’t want you to be one of the many black men out here blaming your skin color and environment for failure. I have taught you that you are the one that controls your destiny.” Mrs. Buchanan momentarily turned her attention to a young couple walking down the street arguing then focused her attention back on Jason. “Mother’s intuition.”
“Huh?” Jason looked at her with a puzzled expression.
“Mother’s intuition sweetheart. I’m a woman but when it comes to you, I’m your mother first. I am well aware you will have to make your own decisions but when those decisions are made from the heart then there’s a very big difference. Any choice or decision should be made from a rational standpoint. If it’s based on pure emotions then a lot of times it’s skewed. What I’m saying is you have to think with your mind as well as your heart and draw a practical conclusion from there.” Paula looked at her son briefly and seeing she had his full attention she continued more bluntly. “My disapproval of someone you are romantically interested in comes from me being a woman and being able to recognize false intentions and if I’m wrong baby, which I doubt, you will get over it just as fast as the common cold.” Mrs. Buchanan sighed. “Jason I will not tell you that you’re not in love with this young tramp because I believe you think you are but I will tell you what I do know. Any woman meeting me for the first time should never out right tell a lie, no matter what the circumstances, it speaks volumes of her character and it is a red flag that she’s deceptive. Your friend Magic or Michelle, did you even know her real name before that day in the hospital? Anyway, she looked me in my eyes and lied to me about something very serious that involved you. Now let me tell you what my motherly intuition has told me about this Magic and afterwards you can correct me if I’m wrong. This will prove I’m a good judge of character.” Paula rubbed her hands on her skirt. “First of all, the way she was dressed coming to the emergency room, I sensed she worked in an after hours place like a bar, club, or gentleman’s club and I’m using that word (gentleman’s club) loosely. The second thing I noticed was the manner in which she spoke which suggests she may only have a ninth grade education, which ultimately means, she lacks the educational capacity to have an inspiring or worthwhile conversation with you. The third thing was how she stormed out and told you to call her when I was gone. That was a subliminal message meant for you to choose between her or me. I know I cannot compete with her and what she does for you romantically or sexually but I am not supposed to battle with your women friends. My job is to protect you from making mistakes with anyone who really doesn’t have your best interest at heart.” Mrs. Buchanan ran her right hand through her long tresses then continued. “Jason, you know I have your best interest at heart. I have no reason to dislike any woman you meet or introduce me to because I’m not competing for your love because I already have that. That Magic, I don’t believe she loves you and I feel strongly about this because she didn’t have the same sparkle in her eye as you did when she professed her love for you. It was unfortunate you were attacked but in my heart I don’t believe it was random, I feel the person who attacked you had some romantic tie to her in some way.” Mrs. Buchanan looked at Jason. “How did I do so far?”
Jason stared at his mother and had to admit she was very perceptive in her assessment of his and Michelle’s relationship so far. He did feel guilty about lying to her about what really happened with Damian because she seemed to already know. There was no fooling her. 
“I have to be honest,” Jason smiled, “you seem to be somewhat accurate in your assumptions mother but they are not fact. The facts are, I love Michelle and I know she loves me as well, her intensity may not equal mine but I’m sure she loves me nonetheless. I know you have my best interest at heart but I’ve talked with Michelle and she doesn’t want to compete with you, she actually wants you to like her, she wants you to accept her. I want you to accept us.”  
“I can believe she wants my approval. She wants me to be naïve to her true intentions.” 
“Is it really that hard for you to accept our relationship, even if it makes me happy?” 
“Jason, your happiness is very important to me, that’s why I’m trying to help you realize this happiness you’re feeling will not last the test of time. No one can guarantee your happiness forever but at least you shouldn’t be in love alone.”
“I’m not mother, we’re both in love.” 
“I know you’re in love with her but who and what is she in love with?”
“Me.” 
“Only you huh?” The cab pulled up in front of NYU. 








Chapter 15
Buchanan Gives In

It was six o’clock in the evening and the temperature was just beginning to drop. The sky had that orange reddish hue to it because the sun was setting in the west. Paula stood at the entrance to John Gallo’s Italian Restaurant checking her watch although she was early. She was a little squeamish about meeting Louis outside of work. When Jason left for college, she started having lunch with Louis regularly at work. During one of their lunches, he asked for her phone number and they soon began talking on the telephone every night. There were times their conversation had gotten so intriguing it would last well into the wee hours of the morning. Paula enjoyed the socialization and adult conversation she had with Louis because it was refreshing and broke up the monotonous routine she had when Jason was home. It had been over four years since she even spoke with any male in that way and it sort of revitalized her. She was alive again and the woman in her was reborn. 
Paula was dressed in a smart rose-colored two-piece skirt suit from Liz Clairborne. Her four-inch Valentino open toe pumps fit her feet comfortably and gave her the edge she needed to add a sexy overtone to her outfit. 
Louis parked his metallic gray 2004 BMW 745 in an indoor parking lot on Eighth Avenue. He took his ticket from the parking attendant and grabbed his black leather blazer from out of the backseat and slid it on. Louis had a pair of black denim Rocawear pants and sand paper colored Wallabee Clarks on his feet. He topped it off with a beige Tommy Hilfiger button up shirt and a black Yankee fitted. The diamonds on the watch he wore shined brightly along with the 3-carat earring in his ear. 
Louis finally broke Paula defenses down and she agreed to a date with him. It had taken a lot of talking and schmoozing on his part but it was all paying off because he was rounding third base and hopefully on his way to home plate. He popped a Lifesaver mint in his mouth before he turned the corner and wiped the corner of his eyes, just in case there was some eye doo doo trying to embarrass him. 
“What’s up Paula?” Louis pulled her to him gently and embraced her warmly in his powerful arms. 
“Hello Louis.” Paula invited his embrace and almost shuddered from feeling his hard body against hers. 
“You ready to go inside?” 
“Yes I am. Thank you.” Paula responded, interlocking her arm in his. 
They both walked to the door of the restaurant and Louis opened the door and let Paula enter first then grabbed her arm again once inside. They were seated at a secluded table in the corner of the restaurant. He pulled Paula’s chair out for her then took his seat. 
“You are such a gentleman Louis. I guess chivalry isn’t dead.”  
“Nah, I guess it’s gon’ die with me.” Louis chuckled. “The one thing I’ve learned from my mom’s is how to treat a woman.” He grabbed her hands in his. “How I treat you comes naturally. I’m always gonna treat you like a queen.” 
“I don’t want you to go out of your way for me Louis.” 
“I’m just being Louis.” He flashed a knowing smile. “You ready to order ‘cause I’m starving.”  
“I’ll just have a salad.” Paula said passing her menu to Louis.
“A salad? I honestly thought you only ate that at work. You must really be health conscious.” Louis commented as he took Paula’s menu. “Now that I think about it,” he stared at her body seductively, “I can see how eating a salad can do a body good.” 
Paula blushed. Louis was undressing her with his eyes and she squirmed a little in her seat. It was hard for her to keep her composure from all the sexual tension. 
“You are too much Louis.”  
“I’m glad you decided to come out with me tonight Paula. People usually act different when they’re away from work. You think that’s true?” 
“I’m not sure. Am I acting any different?” 
Louis cleared his throat and grabbed her hand in his briefly, “I won’t be able to answer that until after we finish eating.” 
“Well I would hope I’m not acting any different. What about you Louis? Do you think people change, become more aggressive when they are not in an office setting? Paula had a smirk on her face. 
“I’m saying, it depends on the company. Sometimes you have to be aggressive if it’s something you want. If you just sit around and wait, you may never get it.” Louis responded with a one sided smile. 
“I guess you’re right. But suppose aggression pushes what you want away? Then you lose out altogether.”
“It’s all about taking risks Paula. If aggression pushes away what you want then whatever it is you wanted may not be good for you in the first place. You know what I’m saying?” 
Paula chuckled. Louis was fluid with his comeback and she was entertained, the glow on her face showed it. 
“So you’re saying you’re a risk taker?” Paula asked.
“I’m not just saying, I’m showing you I’m a risk taker.” 
Louis laid his hands on the table, palms up and Paula put her hands in his as he grabbed her left hand and kissed the back of it.
“Paula, I’m going to do whatever it takes to keep you interested in me and make every moment you spend with me feel like you’re meeting me for the first time.” He winked his eye. 
“I have to say Louis, I’m really impressed with the confidence you have displayed thus far. It’s a very attractive and a strong characteristic to have.” Paula said sincerely as she removed her hand from his grip.
“That’s a nasty scar you have.” Paula said.
“Oh, I got that when I was younger.” Louis replied, rubbing the old wound. “I was kinda wild back in my youth.”
 The date seemed to be going perfect and Paula was pleased with Louis and his behavior but this quickly changed when their food arrived and Paula watched in shock as Louis devoured his Chicken Marsala with his hands like a starved vagabond before she even got halfway through her salad. Embarrassment was plastered on her face as she witnessed his caveman behavior and the Neanderthal added insult to injury when he proceeded to pick his teeth with his fingernails. His conduct was appalling and she was unable to finish her salad. Louis suddenly let out a loud belch. 
“Pardon me. Damn that shit was good, I was starving.” 
The patrons in the restaurant looked at the couple with repugnance.
“I’m sorry Paula.” Louis spoke up quickly after seeing the look of discontent on her face. “I didn’t mean to burp like that, it just came out unexpectedly. You know what they say, better out than in.” 
“No, I’m sorry. It’s apparent you are the one that changes when you’re not at work. I can’t believe how you changed so quickly. In one respect, you’re such a gentleman in courting me but now you’re acting as if you don’t have simple table etiquette and don’t know how to act in a restaurant. I guess your age and immaturity has surfaced. What other bad habits or secrets are you hiding? This type of behavior is embarrassing and totally unacceptable.” Paula stated angrily. 
“Hold up Paula, what you trying to say?” 
“What am I trying to say? Are you serious?” Paula looked around the restaurant and lowered her voice. “You’re going to sit there and tell me that you think your behavior is appropriate? Wait, don’t answer. I’m afraid to hear it and I don’t want to further embarrass myself by bickering with you over your conduct in public. This whole outing has been a disaster.” Paula removed the cloth napkin from her lap and threw it on her plate then rose from the table. “Thank you for the meal Louis, I’m going home.”  
“Nah ma. You ain’t just gonna say some slick shit and just break out like that without me saying my peace.” Louis rose from his seat quickly and threw some bills on the table then followed Paula out of the restaurant. “You think you better than me? Is that what it is Paula? You think because you speak a little different and act like you been to charm school that you’re better than me?” 
Paula continued out of the restaurant onto the sidewalk ignoring Louis’ rants. While she stood on the corner trying to hail a cab, something he said caught her attention.
“You know what your problem really is Paula? You so stuck up and stuffy that you can’t see that you need a good fuck to mellow your ass out.”
“Excuse me!?” Paula turned to Louis. “I can’t believe you, you disrespectful slug. You don’t know me and you definitely don’t know what I need!” 
“You right, I might not know you but I’m sure about what you need. The one thing I’ve noticed from the time we been talking is how reserved and careful you are like you looking for an excuse not to fuck with me. But I’ve seen a look in your eye that shows you want to live on the edge just a little. That’s why you’re attracted to me Paula. I’m not stupid, I can see through all that choked up goody two shoe act you putting on.” Louis grabbed Paula by her hand and slowly brought her to him then whispered, “You want me Paula, you want to dance on the razor’s edge and I’m the man that can give you that adventure you’re seeking. Stop fighting me and let go and let me take control.”
Paula was speechless as she felt Louis’ warm breath tickling her neck as he whispered his fierce words into her ears. Her body was sending her messages because it yearned the touch of a man but her mind was emitting something different. 
Louis let his tongue tickle Paula’s neck and her knees almost buckled from under her when he sucked her cheek. There was no disapproving resistance so he let his tongue find her lips and he slowly slipped it into her wet mouth and began kissing her passionately. Paula resisted slightly then returned his kiss and placed her arms around his waist and fell deep into their embrace. Her box was throbbing and she unconsciously began to grind onto Louis and her middle tingled as she matched his passion. When Paula finally stopped kissing Louis, a sheet of embarrassment shown on her face and she backed away from him shaking her head. 
“What’s wrong Paula?” Louis asked grabbing her by the arm gently and bringing her back to him. “Stop fighting. Let yourself go baby. I’m not going to hurt you.” Louis whispered softly. 
“I…I…don’t think I’m ready for this Louis. I’m scared. I thought I was ready.” 
“Come on then, let me drive you home.” Louis said as he guided her to the parking garage. 
He held Paula close to him while they walked and she hid her face in the space between his powerful arms and chest, allowing him to steer and take control. Once they reached the garage and the attendant brought his car to the entrance, he opened the passenger door for her then got inside and pulled off into traffic. He looked over to Paula; her head was facing the window. 
“Are you ok Paula?”
“I’m ok Louis. It’s just so many emotions that I haven’t had to deal with are invading my senses and it’s quite overwhelming.” 
“You feel like talking? We have a while to drive before getting back to Brooklyn.” 
“Louis, I’m going to be honest with you. You’re right about me wanting to find fault with you because I’m not sure I’m really ready to be in a romantic relationship with another man. But there is something about you that draws me to you…”
“I’m magnetic.” Louis cut her off and smiled. 
“I’m very attracted to you although I didn’t intend to be. My husband was such a good man and I never thought I could be attracted to anyone else but when I started to talk with you more, you sort of reminded me of him; I’m not comparing you to him but you have a lot of the same qualities that attracted me to him.” Paula blinked slowly. “The streets raised my husband and he only changed after we met but I knew it was still in him and when he was murdered I felt it was karma. I lost him to such a senseless crime and it sort of crippled me. I’ve noticed that you drive an expensive car, wear expensive clothes and I know you can’t possibly have all this from the job you have at the hospital. I may be wrong but I’m sure there’s more to you and what you do and I’m just afraid to get involved with someone again that’s like that and possibly lose them to karma. Can you understand what I’m saying to you Louis?”
“Yea, I can understand. How did your husband die?”
“He was murdered by some young punks over 4 years ago around the Thanksgiving holiday. They robbed him then murdered him in cold blood in front of my son.” Paula’s eyes began to pool with tears.
“That’s fucked up but now I think I understand what you’re saying Paula.” Louis grabbed her hand and held it softly in his while he steered the car with his other hand. “I know you might be scared of getting involved with someone again because of what you experienced with your late husband but you need to move forward, I’m not saying forget, just deal with the reality of it and not let it stop you from experiencing something new…like what I’m trying to offer.” 
“I want to Louis. I want to believe you, I want to trust you but it’s been so long.”
“How long has it been Paula? When will it be the right time, do you know? Have you given yourself a date?” Louis glanced at her. “What just happened between us means it’s time Paula. You shouldn’t waste any more.”
Louis pulled over in front of Paula’s building. He turned off the headlights and turned in his seat so he was facing her and stared lovingly into her eyes. 
“I want to apologize for misleading you Louis. You seem like a great guy and all but…”
“But I’m not ready to be involved in a romantic relationship.” Louis said finishing her sentence. “Ok fine. I won’t push you tonight but that don’t mean I’m giving up. I’m going to call you, eat lunch with you at work, ask you out on dates, and eventually get invited upstairs to your crib for a nightcap. I’m not the kind of dude that just walks away, I’m here for the duration and when you figure out I’m not going nowhere then we both can start enjoying each other. With that, I’m gonna bid you goodnite baby.” 
Louis leaned in and kissed Paula gently on her lips then slid his tongue in her mouth. He grabbed her by the back of her head with both hands and his passion took over. Paula’s arms fell to her waist limp and she let Louis take control again. Once he was done she looked at him momentarily, her eyes blinking slowly, then pulled the handle of the passenger door to get out. Louis watched as she exited the vehicle gracefully and breathed out heavily. It was the bottom of the ninth and he just got his second strike. He had to hit the next pitch out of the park or his game would be over. He watched as she pulled her keys out her purse and unlocked the building’s entrance door. He turned the headlights on and looked at her one last time before pulling off. Paula turned around and looked at him and mouthed the words, “Do you want to come up?” He turned the headlights back off immediately and snatched the key out the ignition in one motion then jumped from the vehicle. 
“I just hit it outta the park!” he said out loud. 
“What?” She asked. 
“Nothing. Let’s go.” He replied closing the building door behind him.   

Chapter 16
Buchanan Assault

College life was proving to be more difficult than Jason first thought. He was having a hard time adjusting and doing things on his own. His mother placed too much concentration on his academics and failed to teach him independence and it showed when he struggled to do simple things like laundry and cooking his meals. A year had passed and he was now a sophomore but he still hadn’t made a smooth transition. In that year Michelle stopped dancing and he would go see Rick whenever he could to make extra money to assist her with her monthly bills. Their relationship was still strong and they spoke frequently on the phone even though he was unable to spend a lot of time with her. 
Jason had a roommate who was a middle class Caucasian from the suburbs of Long Island. He totally ignored Jason as if he were invisible and hadn’t had ten words for him since them being housed together. Jason figured out why after hearing exchanges of racial jokes among the group of friends he hung around. Beside racism, he was experiencing so many different things at such an alarming rate that it overwhelmed him and at times he yearned the comfort of home. 
Jason, just leaving his afternoon Physics class, turned the knob on his campus dorm door and pushed it open. Before he entered a pillowcase was thrown over his head and he was pulled to the ground. The pillowcase was used as a noose, squeezing his throat and cutting off his air supply, making it hard for him to breathe. He struggled violently in the darkness, kicking and grabbing at the air, trying to free himself. The more he resisted, the tighter the pillowcase was pulled. When he stopped fighting he suddenly felt a blunt pain to his head from being kicked viciously. He was stomped in his chest, his side, and his stomach, all at the same time. He was submerged in darkness and what he felt was indescribable, it was a mixture of pain and fear because he was clueless to who and why he was being assaulted. He was pulled to his feet then lifted into the air. As he hovered, his heart beat faster than humming bird wings as he felt himself free falling and hitting the hard wooden floor. As his head smashed against the ground he felt all the organs in his body shift on impact. The pillowcase was used to drag him as he gagged and tried to stop the suffocation by grabbing and pawing to loosen it from around his throat. Both arms were grabbed and he felt a punch to his face that sent a kaleidoscope of colors twirling around in his head. He was thrown on a bed and his pants were ripped from his waist and pulled down to his ankles. Jason fought furiously and kicked his legs wildly then he felt an elbow slam into his vertebrae, immobilizing him. He prayed silently, the horror of being raped in the forefront of his mind. His assailants never uttered or spoke a word during their assault. He felt a burning sensation on the fatty part of his buttocks and he let out an agonizing scream as he was choked to muffle his cries of pain. He suddenly felt the same pain again in what seemed like the same spot and he cried out helplessly. Jason couldn’t take the torture as he drifted in and out of consciousness. The assault seemed to go on for hours and his assailants laughed but never communicated verbally amongst each other. After the burning stopped he was beaten again in complete silence, the only noise coming from the muffled grunts under the pillowcase. 
Jason’s pillowcase was pulled off his head and he instinctively swung his fists blindly, trying to defend himself from the continuous beating. 
“Hey dude, calm down! What the hell happened to you?” His roommate screamed as he backed away from Jason. 
Jason’s eyes focused and he looked around his room disoriented. There wasn’t anyone there but his roommate and when he looked out the window he was baffled to see night had fallen. He struggled to stand upright because every part of his body was throbbing with pain. 
“Are you just getting here? Did you see anyone leave the room?” Jason whined painfully.
“Yea. I’m just getting in. What happened to you? Who did this?” his roommate asked again. 
“I don’t know. All I remember is opening the door then everything went black. Someone put a bag over my head and started choking and beating me.” 
“That’s terrible dude. You have any idea who would do something like this to you?” 
“I’m not sure.” Jason moaned. “But it was more than one person.” 
“Did you get a look at them?”
“I have no idea. I don’t know why this even happened.” Jason winced as he surveyed the room. “It’s not like it was robbery because it doesn’t look like anything is missing.” 
Jason’s roommate looked around the room and checked his own belongings to make sure nothing of value was missing. 
“All of my things seem to be in order. This could have been some sort of fraternity initiation. Did you sign up for any fraternities?”  
“No and if nothing is missing, then it wasn’t theft, this attack may have been deliberate.” Jason surmised. “Aaaaggh! I’m in so much pain. I need to call an ambulance.”
“Yea, you do that and I’ll go and ask if anyone on this floor heard or seen anything.” His roommate said and headed out the door. 
Jason stumbled to his bed slowly, the pain beating throughout his body like steel drums. He jumped up quickly when he attempted to sit on his bed; it felt as if the skin on his ass had been peeled away. He maneuvered himself carefully then let out a big sigh as he lay on his stomach slowly. His body ached so much he unable to make the call for the ambulance so he closed his eyes for a minute to see if the pain would dissipate. 
“I asked around but no one seems to have heard anything suspicious in the last couple of hours.” Jason’s roommate reported as he entered the room after being gone approximately thirty minutes. 
He looked at Jason and his back was turned to him. He walked over to see if he was asleep, he saw his eyes were closed and was about to call the ambulance when his foot kicked something under the bed. He bent down and felt under the bed and pulled out a wallet. He figured it was Jason’s and it dropped while he was being beaten. He picked it up and opened it. As he started to inspect the contents his cell phone began to ring. He flipped it open and pressed the green key quickly so the loud ring tone wouldn’t wake Jason.
“Hello.” 
After hearing the voice on the phone he whispered and turned to leave the room. 
“…don’t worry, I just found it.” The roommate answered in a hushed tone into his phone as he made his way to the door. “…no, he said he didn’t see anyone and doesn’t know anything. You guys fucked him up real good, fucking jig.” Jason’s roommate peeked back at Jason then closed the door behind him as he walked out. 
When the door closed, Jason’s eyes opened slowly. The whites of his eyes were filled with blood and his mouth trembled as rage slowly rose throughout his entire body. The hurt was replaced with blinding anger and his fist clenched. Jason overheard everything his roommate said on the phone and realized his roommate’s friends were the ones who attacked him. His concern, at that point, was not why they did it, his main concern was to get even with his roommate.  



Chapter 17
Buchanan’s Disgrace

Jason spent two days in the hospital and while in there the campus police took reports and questioned him about the assault. He contemplated about telling the officers his roommate was involved but decided against it.  
He once believed college would provide an escape from the world of abuse he was subjected to while growing up. He was sold on the idea life for him would be different but his roommate’s friends removed those silly thoughts from his mind. He was beginning to feel like a black cloud was over his head following him around because for as long as he could remember bad things were ever present in his life. He was starting to believe that his life was cursed. He felt shame and couldn’t shake the stigma because it was now somehow attached to his character. 
Jason didn’t tell his mother what happened because he didn’t want to worry her but he did tell Michelle and his uncle Rick. Michelle’s reaction was for him to come straight home and make no attempt to do anything to his roommate, while his uncle Rick was livid, telling him he was on his way to whoop his roommate’s ass but Jason convinced him to wait until he was released from the hospital with Rick reluctantly agreeing.  

***

Michelle opened the door dressed in a silk see through black negligee. She wasn’t wearing a bra and the sand colored G-string she was wearing made her look as if she was completely naked. She grabbed Jason’s bag and dropped it inside the hallway in the apartment then wrapped her arms around him and kissed him long and hard. 
“I missed you baby.” 
She grabbed him by his hand and led him inside the apartment and led him towards the bathroom. 
“Baby, don’t say anything. Let me do this for you so just relax.” 
The light in the bathroom was off but it was illuminated in a reddish shade from the scented candles that were lined up against the tub. The shower curtains were drawn back and the tub was full of steamy mint colored water. Michelle unbuttoned his shirt then pulled it off. She was shocked. He still had the hospital bracelet attached to his wrist and had red splotches all over his upper body. She gently rubbed her hands over the bruises and kissed them gently. She unbuckled his pants and pulled them down to his ankles while he held onto the sink to keep his balance. Jason stood in his multi-colored boxers and looked down at Michelle. She put her finger in the water to check the temperature and then turned around and pulled his boxers down as he stepped out of them. 
“Get into the water baby. I put some Aloe Vera in there to treat your bruises. I’m glad I did because I had no idea you were fucked up this bad.” Michelle said, rubbing her hand over one of the bruises on his chest softly. 
Jason turned around slowly and was about to get into the tub as Michelle moved out of his way. 
 “Oh my God!” she shrieked. 
Jason turned around to see Michelle standing with both hands clasped over her mouth and a look of horror on her face. He turned his head and peeked over his back and looked at his buttocks and then looked at Michelle. 
“What the fuck...”  
“I know. I didn’t believe it myself when the doctor told me. It’s humiliating.” Jason said softly.     
Michelle kneeled down and grabbed Jason’s waist as she inspected his buttocks closely. The redness and swelling around his butt cheeks was disturbing but what was more appalling was the brutal way Jason was branded like cattle with the word “NIGGER” seared into his tender buttocks. 
“I’m so fucking tired of this shit!” Jason blurted out.
“I know baby.” Michelle said standing to her feet and stroking his hair gently. 
“I’m always the one that gets victimized. ALWAYS! I’m tired Michelle. I want this to stop!” Jason cried openly and hard. “Why me! Why me all the fucking time! Even across the bridge these motherfuckers can see I’m a weak excuse for a fucking man, they can pick me out of 5,000 people and violate me because I don’t have a spine.” Jason slowly slid to the tiled floor in the bathroom as Michelle tried to hold him up. “Michelle, I can’t do this shit any more. I’m so fucking tired of horrible things happening to me. Why am I being targeted so often?” Jason’s head was buried into Michelle’s shoulder and he was heaving as he wailed like a teething baby. 
Michelle began to cry silently herself as she held him gently. It was heartbreaking to see him so defeated. She didn’t know what to say to console him and wanted to tell him to get even with the motherfuckers that did that to him but he wasn’t built like that. Jason was a coward and she didn’t want to instigate his situation by having him do something he wasn’t prepared to do or even capable of doing. It seemed he always caught the shitty end of the stick. 
Jason stopped crying and looked at Michelle warily then hugged her. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to break down like that but I’m just so tired.” 
“Don’t apologize baby. Just soak in this water before it gets cold and when you’re done, I’ll dry you off and put you in bed. Ok?” Michelle said, helping him inside the tub. 
Once he was inside the tub and Michelle was gone, he lay back and quietly cried again. The struggle to become a strong man in the face of the wicked world he was living in was beating him down. “I wonder when this is going to finally stop, I wonder.” Jason wept.  
 

Chapter 18
Relationship Understanding

“I will call you later on tonight.” Paula said as she stood by her front door. 
“I don’t know why you kicking me out Paula.” Louis responded as he leaned against the wall near the front door. “I don’t want you to think I was ear hustling on your conversation, but I heard you talking to your son last night. Is that the reason you running me off this weekend?” Louis asked. 
“We talked about this Louis. My son doesn’t know about our relationship yet and I don’t want him to find out like this. I would prefer discussing it with him first.” 
“I can respect that but what if he don’t like me or approve of somebody diggin’ his mom’s back out?” 
“I told you to please stop speaking to me like that Louis. If he doesn’t approve of you, the way you talk to me might be one of the reasons. Jason hasn’t seen me with another man since his father, I don’t want to just dump this in his lap.” 
“First off, I talk the way I talk. You already know this so don’t expect me to sound like Mr. Belvidere when I meet your son. Shit, that’s what attracted you in the first place, remember?” Louis said grabbing her by the waist and pulling her into him for a long passionate kiss. “And him not approving of me shouldn’t change how you feel about me, or does his approval or disapproval hold weight over us being together?”
“I’m not sure Louis. I don’t know how to answer that question.” 
“Answer honestly.” Louis countered quickly, looking deep into her eyes like he was trying to read her mind. 
“I just did Louis. I’m not sure. I never thought about Jason approving of me being in a relationship with any man because I never thought it would ever happen. Now if he doesn’t approve of our relationship, I guess it will naturally cause a conflict.” Paula stared up at the ceiling and thought about how she reacted to Jason telling her he was in love with Michelle and how adamant she was about him not getting involved with her. “I’m happy with you Louis and I want my son to be happy that I’m happy.”
“You want him to be happy or do you need him to be happy you’re happy? That’s what really matters. If you need his approval to be happy then your happiness is based on how he feels and to me, that means you gonna be one lonely broad if he don’t approve.” 
“I understand your concern and you’re right but this is all new for me and it will also be for Jason. I just want to approach this the right way so he doesn’t feel like I didn’t involve him or think about his feelings when it came to me making a decision that will have an impact on both our lives.” 
“I can respect that. I just want to be sure of my position with you; you know what I’m saying? It was hard for me to get to this point and I feel like your son is going to be like another hurdle or obstacle for me to get over. I’m feeling you Paula, I see myself being with you for a long time, that’s if you want me around that long.” 
Louis grabbed Paula by the back of her head gently and slid his tongue in her mouth. 
“Mmmm.” Paula moaned as she felt his hands going up her shirt to massage her breasts. 
Louis continued kissing her and pushed her against the wall gently. He took his foot and spread her legs apart and positioned himself snug between her so his manhood pressed against her middle. He started to grind slowly as his erection grew while he pinched her nipples. “You still want me to leave?” he whispered into her ear as he grinded against her with more strength. 
“Uh uh.” Paula murmured as she rotated her hips and pushed herself onto his hard on. 
He grabbed a handful of her ass cheeks in his palms and squeezed tightly as he pulled her to him forcefully. Paula let out a grunt and lifted her leg up so she could feel his full hard on over her wet pussy. She grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him closer to her as she let her tongue dance in his mouth. She released her grip on his ass and slowly dropped down to her knees. As she made her descent she unbuckled his pants and pulled his boxers and jeans down to his ankles simultaneously.  His thick erection met her as she rested on her knees then engulfed his mass into her mouth with ease. She slurped and gargled as she forced all of him down her throat. She continued to stuff him inside her mouth until she gagged. She sucked and massaged his balls as he pumped her face as if he were in her pussy. Suddenly she felt the head of his dick swell and she could feel the hot release of his cream hit the back of her esophagus. She squeezed her jaw muscles as she kept her grip on his shaft with her mouth and sucked him dry. 
Louis’ legs were weak under him as Paula sucked his insides completely out through his dick. When she took her mouth off him, his manhood drooped slightly but still had enough hardness to be inserted inside her drenched tunnel. Louis grabbed her arms and pulled her up to him. His mouth latched onto her left breast like a newborn while he fingered her middle with his right middle finger. 
“Mmmm.” Paula moaned as her hips swiveled.
Paula’s pussy was so soaked her juices ran down Louis’ hand. He removed his finger from her snatch and looked up at her as he licked his finger slowly. He inserted the wet finger into her mouth and she sucked on it as he grabbed his extension and rubbed it on her saturated pussy lips. He continued playing in her middle with his staff then turned her around. He grabbed her arms and placed her hands on the wall, her palms flat against it. He grabbed her hips and pulled her to him then spread her legs. Paula peeked over her back as Louis palmed her ass. He spread her cheeks apart and kneeled down and licked her from her pussy to her asshole. Paula shuddered and her ass jiggled as he tickled her clit. He stood up, gripped her ass cheeks tightly and pulled them apart as he guided his shaft inside her slit. He pushed his hips forward and pulled her to him as he began to pound her slowly. The muscles in her pussy contracted and squeezed as he pumped her from behind. He continued squeezing and spreading her ass as her asshole winked each time he went deep. His stomach slapped and banged against her soft ass as his rhythm intensified. He grinded into her hard and fast until his mass completely filled her tight hole. He heard her whimper and he slapped her ass as he fucked her from behind. 
Paula began to scratch the walls as the feeling of orgasm was beginning to surface. Her legs were about to betray her and she could feel her nipples tingling. She shook her head from left to right and bit her bottom lip all the while throwing her ass back just as hard as Louis was grinding forward. Her legs trembled as the friction from Louis’ thrusting made her pussy do somersaults. Her squeals were becoming more frequent and she began to pant like a thirsty canine. Soon the feeling became too much for her to bear and she screamed out as her pussy caved in and warm juices flowed onto Louis’ shaft and down her leg. 
“Oh my God Louis.” She cried out after catching her breath. “I’ve never came like that in my life!”
“Shit! I ain’t never worked that hard to get a nut in my life!” Louis said laughing, equally winded as Paula. 
Paula shot him a mean look and sucked her teeth then hugged him, her breasts pressed against his sweaty chest. They kissed for some seconds then she whispered, “I appreciate the love making session but you’re still going to have to leave until I speak with Jason.” 
“Aah, that’s that bullshit. Not just a minute ago you said I made you cum the hardest you ever did in your life. My piping skills didn’t change your mind?” 
“What you do to my body when we make love does not change the fact of what I need to do. I absolutely love how you make me feel Louis but I have to inform my son of what’s going on, it’s the right thing to do. Don’t fight me on this, please.” 
“I’m just fucking with you Paula. I know you can’t just dump this in your son’s lap especially after you told me he a mama’s boy.” 
“I never said Jason was a mama’s boy.” Paula proclaimed. 
“You didn’t have to. If how you described him is true, your son is soft as marshmallows.”
“Louis I resent that.” 
“I’m calling it like I heard it.” He said kissing her quickly on her lips. 
“You think my son is a mama’s boy?” Paula looked up into Louis eyes as he stroked her hair. 
“From how I grew up, he’s a shoe in for nerd of the year. Look Paula, ain’t nothing wrong wit’ raising your boy up the right way but you have to make sure he has a backbone too. From what you told me about him it don’t seem like he has any man qualities to him. As a woman you raise him according to your standards and that’s fine but the one thing you can’t do is raise him to be a man. He needs a strong male influence in order for that to happen. You feel me?”    
“You know something? I’ve heard that before from Jason’s uncle, not the same verbiage but the same context.”
“Shit, we both can’t be wrong then.” Louis snickered. 
“Please don’t make fun of me Louis. Am I wrong for not wanting him to be raised up like a gangster of some kind? That’s what his father was. I didn’t want Jason to grow up to be like that.” Paula explained sincerely. 
“Nah baby, don’t get me wrong. What you did is what most mother’s try to do but at the end of the day too much of any one thing is never good. You know what I’m saying?” 
Paula looked away from Louis and stared blankly at the front door. “I guess I’m not as good a mother as I thought. I tried to make sure my son had promising opportunities and in doing so I failed to let him become a man in the process.” 
Louis grabbed Paula and squeezed her naked body against his tightly, “Hold on babes. I don’t want you beating yourself up over this. I’m just speculating, I don’t know for sure how your son is or how he gonna turn out. You human Paula, you only did what you thought was best and that’s all that matters. Don’t go doubting yourself for trying to be a good moms to your son.” 
“Thank you Louis. You have proven to be more special to me than I ever expected.”
“That’s why I always say, you can’t judge a book by its cover. It’s the biggest misconception people make.” 




Chapter 19
Buchanan Plot

Jason put on his boxers and sat up in Michelle’s bed with his feet planted firmly on the ground. He turned and looked at her sleeping peacefully and wondered if she would ever see him as a man and not a coward. He got up and walked to the bathroom where he relieved himself then brushed his teeth and washed up. He wiped himself off and backed up from the mirror so he could see the bottom half of his body, turning only his head, he looked at his tattooed ass and since it being his first time fully seeing it, he gasped. The letters NIG were branded into his left cheek and the letters GER were seared into the right cheek. He rubbed his hand gently over the words and felt a deep disrespect but for some reason he couldn’t feel the anger he knew he should be feeling. Anyone else would be plotting revenge or something equally as horrific to being branded with a cattle iron. Jason looked at the man in the mirror and didn’t see a man, he saw a boy who was failing at becoming a man. 
The bathroom door opened and Michelle came in. 
“Did you sleep good baby?” 
“Yes, I slept well.” Jason responded as he watched her pull her thong down and sit on the toilet. “How did you sleep?”
“Shit, after how you punished this pussy last night, I slept like a newborn.” Michelle said laughing. 
“I’m sorry Michelle. I hope I didn’t hurt you.” 
“Hell no baby. Sometimes I like for you to beat this box up. Let’s me see if she’ll snap back like a rubber band.” She said, wiping herself then flushing the toilet. 
“Ay Michelle?” 
“Yea boo?” She asked turning on both faucets and grabbing her toothbrush and tube of toothpaste. 
Jason looked down at the tiled floor then asked, “Do you see me as a weak person?” 
Michelle stopped brushing her teeth and looked at Jason. 
“What you mean Jason?”
“Since we’ve been together, do you feel sorry for me? Do you regret getting involved with me since I cannot defend you or myself?” Jason’s head was lowered but his gaze was on Michelle. 
Michelle spit the foamy toothpaste into the sink and quickly washed her mouth out then moved slowly to Jason. 
“I don’t regret meeting you Jason. I don’t regret anything about you. Believe it or not you have defended me, saved me, and most importantly, changed me.” Michelle hugged him. “You’re not weak, you’re just going through some bad times but all that will change.” 
“I don’t feel like a man Michelle. I feel like…” 
“Stop it Jason! You saying that because you didn’t do nothing to the guys that fucked you up? Well let me tell you something, you’re different and nothing like the people that do mean shit to you. They’ll get theirs in the end. They do things to hurt you, to try and break you so you’ll give up your future to be fucked up just like them, fucking losers.” Michelle cupped his face in her hands and kissed him on his lips. 
“I need to change my image so I won’t be so transparent. I need to change my character so that I don’t appear weak and defenseless. Would you think of me differently if I changed in that way Michelle?” 
“Of course I would because that’s not who you are. You shouldn’t want to change into someone you’re not. That will make you just like them and that will fuck you up in the long run. You’re not like that Jason, don’t make them change you. I wish I could give you the answer you’re looking for but I can’t. I love you the way you are and I don’t want you to change anything about yourself, just be Jason.” 
Jason held her tightly in his arms. “Thank you Michelle. I love you.” 
They broke their embrace and Jason walked towards the bedroom. “I’m going to go see my mother for a while. I’ll be back later on tonight.”
“Hmmph!” Michelle said, skinning up her nose.  
Jason put on his clothes quickly and Michelle walked him to the door and kissed him good-bye. 
“Are you going to tell your mom’s what happened?” She asked, holding the door open. 
“No, I’m not going to tell her. I don’t want to alarm her.” Jason said walking to the elevator. 
“What if she sees your bruises? What are you going to do, lie?” 
“No. I just won’t tell her the truth.” Jason replied as he walked to the elevator. 

***

The cab pulled up across the street from Jason’s building. He paid his fare and exited the vehicle and was about to cross the street when he heard his name called. 
“What’s up nephew?” 
“What’s up uncle Rick?” Jason answered walking to him. 
“It took you a minute to get here. I been out here sitting for almost half an hour. Where you been?”
“I was visiting a friend. Sorry to keep you waiting so long. How has things been going? Jason asked as he stood next to his uncle’s jeep. 
“Same shit different toilet. Another one of my stash houses got hit. I know it’s somebody in my camp but I can’t figure out which one of these disloyal muthafuckas is doing it. I thought when I did carpenter work on ol’ dude and got rid of Percy’s snake ass everything was good. I switched up houses, drop offs, and even who I use to pick up but I can’t pin point shit. That shit got me tight and when I catch the muthafucka, I’m gonna body them! I think the muthafucka flooding the streets with my product but putting a different stamp on the work, some shit called “twisted”. He fucking the game up selling bundles five percent less than what I’m selling them for.” Rick shook his head. “Enough about my shit, tell me what happened to you at that fucking school you go to. I’m ready to take some of my frustration out.”
Jason looked down to the ground and his hesitance caused Rick to press harder.  
“You don’t feel like telling me or something?” 
“I don’t know where to start or how to say it.” 
“Ok let me help you out. Don’t start from the beginning, just tell me the parts that really matter.” 
“I got assaulted in my dorm room.” 
“Umm. Is that it?” Rick tilted his head to the left. 
Jason looked at a passing car as it sped down the street. “No, that’s not it. I was assaulted and I got branded.” 
“You got branded? Like joining a fraternity?” 
“No. I was tied up and branded like an animal.” 
“What? Tied up and branded?” Rick was shocked. “How many dudes? Where they brand you?” 
“I have no idea how many guys there were and they branded me on my buttocks.” 
“You got branded on your ass? What were they, faggots?” 
“I honestly don’t know uncle Rick. What I do know is that I’m humiliated.”  
“Humiliated? Nah nephew that shit is straight foul! What the fuck did they brand on your ass, an Omega symbol or some shit?” 
“They branded the word ‘nigger’ on my buttocks.” Jason replied softly. 
“They what! Yo, you don’t know who did it or you don’t wanna tell me?” 
“I honestly have no idea who the guys that assaulted me were but I know they’re friends of my roommate.”
“Did you fuck up your roommate?” 
“No. I just went to the hospital and when they released me, I came home.”
“Ok, now we’re gonna plan what you’re gonna do to that muthafucka when you get back to school.” 
“I don’t know what I’m going to do uncle Rick, I mean, I’m mad, I’m upset, and I’m humiliated but I just don’t know what to do or how I’m supposed to do it.” 
“What’s wrong with you kid? What the fuck you mean you don’t know what to do or how to do it?” Rick grabbed his head with both hands and rubbed it wildly. “Some muthafuckas just disfigured you, fucked you up and disrespected you in the worst way and you standing here like you confused on what you should do. What the fuck is wrong with you nephew? What the fuck needs to happen for you start hitting back?”
“I know. I just don’t know what to do.” Jason said feebly.
“You don’t know what to do? Are you losing your fucking mind? Do what the fuck they did to you. Pick them muthafuckas apart piece by piece. Torture the muthafuckas! Take a hammer and smash the hands that was used to brand you then break their kneecaps so they’ll never walk again! You don’t kill muthafuckas like that, you make them suffer. You keep them alive so they will never forget what happened to them, you make sure you inflict eternal pain on them so they will regret ever fucking with you. You…”
Jason listened as Rick rambled on and wished he could show anger instead of fear. Rick was spitting flames as if he were the one assaulted and each word he spoke held terrible intentions behind it. Jason had to admit that Rick was like a loaded weapon, a dangerous force and disastrous if the trigger was pulled. Sadly, he knew he himself was not built for the type of retaliation needed for revenge. 
“…you understand what I’m saying to you nephew? You gotta get them crackers back for that shit. Ain’t no way you ‘posed to let that shit slide.” 
“You’re right unc.” 
Rick smiled sinfully, “All I need to know is what your roommate looks like and I’ll handle it for you.” 



Chapter 20
Buchanan Relationship Revealed

Jason opened the door to the apartment and the smell of oxtails cooking on the stove invaded one of his six senses. His mouth watered immediately as he was guided to the kitchen by the delectable aroma. 
“I smell it mother. You must have known I was on my way over.” Jason said kissing his mother on her cheek. 
“I knew you were coming over but I had no idea what time. I figured you would arrive sometime this evening so I decided to prepare your favorite meal because I know you’d appreciate a good home cooked meal.” 
“You couldn’t be more right mother, it’s been so long since I’ve had cooked food. Is it done?” 
 “Yes. I’m just letting it simmer on a low flame to cook in the flavor. Go wash your hands and I will make your plate and we’ll sit down and have dinner together. Like the old days.” Paula said as she grabbed her cooking smock and tied it about her waist. 
Jason rushed to the bathroom and quickly washed his hands. By the time he came back to the dining room, the table was set and his food was sitting on the table steaming. His plate was decorated with coconut rice and peas, oxtails, cabbage (salad), and plantains, looking like a picture straight out of Jamaica’s West Indian Cooking Magazine. Jason put his hands together in prayer and he blessed his food then grabbed his fork and dug in.
“Do you want me to give you a little more baby?” She asked, observing him being two bites away from an empty plate. 
“Yes, please.” 
“How’s school coming along? Have you finally adjusted; it’s been over a year. Has the transition been rough on you?” 
“Not so much mother. I settled in pretty well.” 
“Has the relationship with your roommate improved? I remember you saying he seemed a little anti social?”
Jason hesitated before answering and chose his words carefully, “Not really but it’s only because we don’t see each other due to our different schedules. I haven’t really gotten a chance to sit down and converse with him.” 
“That’s a shame.” Paula placed steaming food in front of Jason. 
“I guess it is but that’s going to change. I have a strong feeling he is going to get to know me very well when I return.” Jason said grabbing his fork and digging into his second sharing of food. 
“Jason, I want to talk to you about something.” Paula said when he lifted his head up from his plate. 
“What is it mother? Is something wrong?” Jason dropped his fork in his plate and looked at his mother.
“Oh heavens no. I’m sorry I didn’t mean to alarm you.” 
“Oh ok. What is it you want to talk to me about?” He breathed out. 
Paula shot straight from the hip, “Jason. I’ve met someone and I’m in love with him.”  
“That’s great mother. I was hoping you would find someone when I left. I was so concerned about you being lonely.” 
Paula breathed out a sigh of relief, “You wouldn’t believe how worried I was about telling you this. I wasn’t sure you would approve.”  
“If you’re referring to dad, don’t worry about that. I know you still love him mother and I do too. His death left a void and you filled mine by doing everything for me but in the process you never filled your own. You deserve someone that’s going to make you happy and as long as you’re happy, I’m happy.” 
“Look at my son. He has grown up to be such a wise young man. You speak with an old soul.” Paula said as she walked over to him and kissed him gently on his cheek.
“Where did you meet him?” 
“I met him at work. His name is Louis.” 
“When will I get to meet him?” 
“I would like for you to meet him as soon as possible. I think you would like him. When are you leaving to go back to school?” 
“I’m not leaving until Monday night but I want to spend some time with Michelle before I leave.”  
As much as she wanted to accept Jason’s choice in women, she just couldn’t grasp the fact he chose someone with a shady background like Michelle.  
“Well that’s fine as long as I get to spend some time with you. Maybe I can invite Louis over for breakfast or we can have lunch. What do you think?” 
“Yes and maybe I can bring Michelle with me. That wouldn’t be a problem would it mother?” 
“No, not at all Jason. Not at all.” Paula forced out through clenched teeth. 
Jason pushed himself away from the table and rose to his feet and reached out for an embrace from his mother. 
“I want you to be happy Jason.” She whispered in his ear.
“I am happy mother. I’m as happy as you are.” 



Chapter 21
Settling the Score

The sky was gray and ominously dark. The pelting rain was coming down so hard it sounded like hail against the plate glass window. The harsh winds blew the old double wooden doors shut, causing the noise and vibration to startle everyone inside the Irish pub. The crackling, followed by rumbling, and then an earsplitting boom was the signature of the worst thunderstorm the city had witnessed. The month of March was definitely coming in like a lion. The bar stools and booths were empty, save for the regulars who needed to feed their liver the poisonous toxins from the alcoholic beverages they consumed. The bartender was just as loyal, not allowing the torrential downpour to force him to close up his establishment. One of the patrons ordered his fourth Jack Daniels and Coke and was feeling the effects of the alcohol while looking at his watch periodically. The 37” television mounted on the wall showed the news reporter, donned in full rain gear, giving live updates on the terrible rainstorm that attacked the city. 
“Give me another Jack and Coke,” the patron asked the bartender. 
“This is your fifth one. You sure you can handle another one?” the bartender questioned from a professional standpoint.
The patron turned and looked out the plate glass window and pointed outside, “It doesn’t look like it’s going to let up anytime soon so I should be sober by the time it does.” 
The bartender made the drink quickly and passed it to the patron, observing him shaking his head as he looked at his watch, “Whoever you’re waiting on, I doubt they’re coming out in this terrible weather.”
The patron picked up the small rock glass and finished the contents in one gulp then slammed the glass back on the counter. He closed his eyes tightly and shook his head left to right and rubbed his fingers through his stringy blonde hair. He had grown tired waiting for his blind date to arrive and during his wait had ingested too much alcohol. In his inebriated state he stumbled clumsily to the front entrance of the pub. He looked for a spare umbrella next to the door to shield him from the storming rain. Not able to find one, he pushed open the double doors, ignoring the call from the bartender not to leave in his condition especially in the dreadful weather. The blinding rain hit him immediately and he was completely drenched before taking three steps away from the pub. The strong winds kept him off balance as he trudged the six blocks to his dorm. He kept his head lowered and eyes focused on the ground to prevent the hard rain from blinding him as he navigated his way by watching each step he took. As he plodded through puddles and fought against the strong winds, his equilibrium betrayed him and he fell face first into a puddle.  He turned over slowly and tried to get up and struggled to keep his balance. Then someone grabbed his hand to assist him. He tried to focus but the rain along with the Jack Daniel’s kept his vision blurred. He could only make out a figure in dark full rain gear. 
“You gotta be careful out here in this kind of weather.” The stranger said grabbing his hand and hoisting him up. 
On shaky legs, the patron thanked the stranger and continued to stumble in the direction of home. The streets were deserted, except for the few unfortunates who had to literally weather the storm. As the patron crossed the street, there was temporary escape from the harsh rain in the form of a scaffold in front of a building going under massive construction. He grabbed onto one of the beams to steady himself and took a deep breath. He shook his head and smoothed out his hair then suddenly hit the ground with a crashing thud. 
“UMPH!” he grunted as he hit the pavement.
He rose slowly on all fours and reached out for the beam then felt a blunt pain from behind that forced him down to the ground face first once again. He attempted to get back up but felt extreme pressure being applied to his back, preventing him from getting up. 
“Ain’t no fun when the rabbit got the gun, huh muthafucka!”
Jason’s roommate was hit square in his temple with a devastating blow that sent him into an unconscious state. 

***

Jason’s roommate tried to focus but his vision seemed obstructed. He couldn’t make out where he was but the smell of old rotting wood and urine permeated the atmosphere. His heart rate increased and fear engulfed him immediately. His throat was dry and he couldn’t manage to make any noise. He tried to move but his hands and feet were bound tightly then he realized he couldn’t speak because his mouth was stuffed with a rag. 
“Mmmph!”
His wrist was grabbed forcibly and he could feel something being tied tightly around his right arm. He struggled and resisted and was rewarded with a vicious slap that sent snot flying out of his nose and blood spewing from his mouth. 
“Stay still or fuck around and die with a broken needle in your arm!”  
Jason’s roommate felt a quick pinch on his arm and after about ten to fifteen seconds, he felt a drowsy feeling come over him. His head flopped from side to side like a newborn baby and he could hear his assailant’s wicked laugh as he spoke, “How you feelin’? That shit kicked in yet?” Then the voice trailed off.
Some time had passed and Jason’s roommate woke up sitting in his own feces and urine. His mouth felt pasty and dry and he was feeling extreme pain in his stomach area. He had an undeniable urge to puke and was feeling jittery. 
“Damn you stink muthafucka! You done shitted on yourself. You should be ashamed, grown ass college boy like yourself just shitty!” 
Jason’s roommate listened to the menacing laugh as he squirmed around in his chair trying to free his hand to remove the blindfold.
“That monkey on your back now huh? You getting sick, you need another fix buddy?” 
Jason’s roommate was disoriented but felt a strong yearning, he didn’t know why but wanted something to stop the sick feeling he was experiencing. 
“If you want me to make the hurt go away, beg me to take it away. Tell me you want this more than breathing air and I’ll talk all your pain away. TELL ME!”
“Please, make it stop, please, I’m begging you…pleeeease!” Jason’s roommate voice trailed off. 
Bunz looked down at the dope fiend he created then gave him another highly addictive and potent dose of the drug straight to his main vein. He watched as the dope fiend’s squeals of discomfort transformed into sounds of satisfaction. He was hooked. He deposited two bags of the dope inside the breast pocked of the fiend. 
“You have two more killer bags right here in your pocket buddy,” Bunz said tapping the pocket with the tainted drugs. “Use this when the monkey jumps on your back again.” 
Jason’s roommate bobbed his head in agreement while Bunz took off the rubber gloves he was wearing and left the abandoned warehouse. “I couldn’t get the ones that did it but I got the main one. I guess Jason ain’t gonna have to worry about this dirty racist muthafucka no more ‘cause he definitely flunking outta school. ”

****FOUR HOURS LATER****

Dazed and still covered in his own feces, Jason’s roommate staggered out of the abandoned warehouse. The sky was clear and a beautiful sunrise crept up in the eastern skyline. Jason’s roommate squinted and rubbed his eyes as he tried to make it home. As he traveled west up the street, he was met by sorrowful stares from people on their way to work who looked upon him as if he were a vagabond. He didn’t notice them too much because his body began to go through the withdrawal symptoms and he needed to stop it before it buckled him. He stopped near an alley and bent over to see if that would minimize the discomfort he felt. 
When he looked up, there was a throng of what looked like zombies converging on him. He tried to steady himself when he stood upright and his heart rate increased and beat like African drums in his chest. 
“He look like he sick.” One dope fiend commented. 
“Yea, he sick awright, dopesick. Look at him shaking.” Another acknowledged. 
“Hey man, you have any food to get you offa e?” The first dope fiend asked, walking up to Jason’s roommate. 
Jason’s roommate backed away from the fiend with a terrified look on his face. 
“Look muthafucka, you can back away all you want. All I’m trying to do is help your sick ass. I’ma ask you again, do you have anything to get you offa e?”
Jason’s roommate remembered being told, “Use this when the monkey jumps on your back again,” and dug into his breast pocket and pulled out a bag of dog food. He opened the bag but didn’t know what to do with the drugs. 
“Here, give it to me so I can fix it up for you.” The fiend said, outstretching his hand to receive the product. 
Jason’s roommate tried to pass it to the fiend, who looked at it hungrily, but dropped it because his hands were shaking. 
“Shit!” The fiend exclaimed, looking at the ruined product that fell into the rainwater on the ground. “You have anymore or was that it?”
Jason’s roommate pointed a shaky finger to his breast pocket and the fiend grabbed at his shirt feverishly. He pulled out the bag of dope and greedily fixed the drugs to insert into Jason’s roommate veins. He readily grabbed Jason’s roommate’s arm and looked for his tracks and upon finding it, tied a thick piece of rubber around his forearm with the skill of a surgeon. He then tapped the vein and it grew magically. He jammed the point of the dirty needle into the newly polluted vein and squeezed the contents into the bloodstream. 
Jason’s roommate felt the effects of the drug instantaneously and soon began to relax. Then he suddenly felt his heart accelerating then slowing down like someone revving a car while it’s parked. His body jerked violently and he collapsed on the ground and began shaking like he was being electrocuted. The dope fiend backed away from him as white foam was released from his mouth and oozed out the sides. He kicked his feet involuntarily and his arms stiffened at his sides like he was at attention. It seemed as if he were having an epileptic fit then his head suddenly shifted to the left and his eyes remained open in a death stare. 
“Yo! Where you cop that dope from man? I want that shit right there!” A fiend yelled, shaking the corpse’s body while the rest of the fiends rummaged through his pockets looking for more drugs or anything else of value. The dope fiend that delivered the fatal dose looked down at the bag he held in his hand that was stamped, “twisted”.  


Chapter 22
What Happened?

Jason was heading back to his room after chemistry class. As he approached the lobby a large group of students were gathered around the events billboard. He slowly walked by to see if he could figure out why they were all huddled together. 
Somber looks were plastered on the students’ faces as he continued pass the crowd toward his dorm room. He stopped abruptly when he noticed his door wide open. He ventured in slowly and saw campus police and college staff milling about in the room. 
“Jason?” An administrator asked upon seeing him. 
“Yes.” He answered nervously. “What’s going on? Why are you guys here?”
“There has been a terrible accident involving your roommate. Jason, he was found dead from a possible drug overdose.” The administrator explained.  
Jason stood frozen, suddenly realizing the students in the lobby were talking about his roommate.  
 “Dead?” Jason’s mouth hung open. “From a drug overdose? I never knew…” he shook his head slowly.
“It may be hard to believe but the medical examiner report stated significant traces of heroin was found in his system.” The administrator confirmed.
The campus officer stopped searching the room and looked at Jason. 
“Aren’t you that student that was assaulted some months back?”
“Yes, it was me.”  Jason said lowering his head in embarrassment. 
“I’m not the officer handling the case but I remember the incident well because it was bizarre. You were branded as some sort of fraternity initiation.” 
“No sir that’s not correct. It wasn’t an initiation, it was an assault.” Jason mumbled.
The other campus police interjected, “From what I heard, it’s been difficult trying to find the perps because you were unable to identify anyone. Your case is still active and being investigated. I’m sure someone will get back with you as soon as they hear something.” 
“Sure officer.” Jason responded in a bland tone. 
“While we have you here, we need to ask you some questions, Jason is it?” The first officer asked snidely.
“Ok.” 
“Can you recall if you ever saw your roommate using drugs?”
“No, I never saw him use any drugs.”
“Can you remember or did you notice any changes in his behavior, mood or actions as of late?” 
“Not off hand, no.”
“When is the last time you saw him alive?”
“Excuse me?” Jason pulled his knapsack to his chest tightly.
“When is the last time you saw your roommate alive, he’s dead.” 
“Last time I saw him was about two days ago.” 
“Two days huh? That didn’t strike you as suspicious? Two days is a long time not seeing the guy you share a room with Jason.” 
“Well not really and that’s only because he wasn’t ever here like that, he was always out. He would stay off for about two or three days at a time then come by to change his clothes and get books. I always thought he stayed with his girlfriend.”
“Did he tell you that?” 
“No he didn’t. He and I didn’t speak about our personal business our conversations were mostly about school.” 
“What kind of relationship did you have with him? Were you two friends?”
“Yes we were friends. We weren’t best friends but we were cordial to one another.”
“Where were you two days ago?”
“I was at the library with my study group working on our project.” 
“You mind giving us the names of the students that were there with you?” 
“Sure.” Jason gave the names of the students he was with as the officer recorded it on his notepad. 
“That’s it for now. If we have any more questions, we’ll get in contact with you.” 
“Ok.” Jason responded meekly. 
“Well we won’t be in here much longer. Can you give us a few more minutes in here? You can come back in about a half hour.” The other officer said.
“Sure no problem. Can I just get a text book I need for my next class?” 
“Go ahead.” 

***

Outside Jason breathed out heavily. He quickly walked off campus grounds to a park where he flopped down onto an empty bench trembling uncontrollably. He had a strong feeling his uncle Rick was responsible for his roommate’s death. He had given Rick a description of his roommate after the incident and at the time he wanted revenge but when months passed and nothing happened, he figured Rick forgot about the whole thing. Now his roommate was dead and he was feeling totally responsible; he never expected Rick to go as far as killing his roommate. He buried his head in his hands, quivering, as feelings of regret overwhelmed him. The fact that the police interrogated him like he was a suspect frightened him because if they ever found out he knew his roommate played a part in his assault he would definitely be implicated in playing a part in his murder. He wringed his shaking hands and shook his head left to right wondering if he should ask Rick if he killed his roommate.  

***

Paula opened the front door and walked out into the hallway to get the Sunday newspaper. She gathered it up and went to her homemade breakfast nook and sat down to enjoy her Mocha Latte. As she separated the circulars and magazines that always accompanied the Sunday newspaper, her thoughts wandered to her and Louis and how quickly she had fallen for him. Their relationship had grown and was getting stronger as the days progressed. 
Her life was going in the direction she had worked so hard to accomplish with her husband Ronald but his untimely and unfortunate murder denied them the opportunity to see it through. She felt he was always with her in some capacity and helped guide her through some of her rougher times dealing with his absence. Through it all she was content with Louis and smiled to herself at the high school emotion she was feeling. 
As she flipped through the newspaper her eyes were drawn to a disturbing article, “NYU Student Found Dead From Drug Overdose.” Paula read the article and immediately thought the worse. 
“Good morning gorgeous.” Louis said, leaning down and kissing her gently on her lips. 
“Good morning Superman.” She giggled looking up at him.
“I’m not sure I lived up to that name last night. You musta had some Kryptonite under the bed or somethin’.” He replied from the kitchen where he poured himself a cup of coffee. 
He rejoined Paula at the breakfast nook and looked down at the article she was reading. 
“Yo, this happened at your son’s school? You think its someone he knows?”
“I don’t think so because he doesn’t do drugs but then I’m just speculating.” 
“Yea, you right. That son of yours probably only know the nerds.” 
Paula shoved him lightly, “You better stop talking about my Jason like that.”
Louis laughed, “Nah, but that’s serious,” he continued scanning the article, “you wouldn’t think shit like that happens in a school like that. It just proves there’s no real separation or discrimination of classes when it comes to drugs. In a lot of instances, people get it twisted thinking they immune to it because of who they are, where they live, or how much bread they got when in all actuality it don’t mean shit because the drug will make all that shit irrelevant.”
“That is such a true statement. I think I’ve been fortunate enough to dodge that bullet as far as Jason’s concerned.” 
“You have, but as you can see,” he pointed to the article, “not everybody is that lucky. I believe in the end, we all become accountable for things we do or have done in the past and sometimes its not us who pays the piper, it’s the ones closest to us or the ones we love.”
“You are so insightful this morning. What has gotten into you?”
“You. Just being around you makes me a better person. I think about where I came from and the fucked up things I did when I was young and then to have someone like you in my life now…I just feel blessed.”
“Well I think we both were placed in each others life at the right moment because we both were in need of something only we had to give to one another. I am grateful I have you in my life.”
“I am too gorgeous.”
Louis leaned over and kissed Paula with renewed passion. Eyes closed, she let herself go and allowed him to take control as he had done since meeting her. His tongue danced with hers as their heads moved in opposite directions increasing their passion. Louis cupped one of her breasts in his hand and heard her grumble in her esophagus. This noise was sensual and turned him on. He gently pinched her nipple through the fabric with his index finger and thumb and rubbed it until it was hard. Paula went limp as her pulsating middle began to get moist from his touch. Louis pressed his torso against her and placed his hand behind her back and guided her slowly to the floor. He tugged at the loose fitting shirt until her bare breast were exposed and latched onto one like a suckling child. Paula reached down between his legs and grabbed a handful of his testicles and massaged them with care. Louis sighed as his piece stiffened and grew inside his boxers. Paula played and teased him, stroking his pipe first then switching to his balls, each time gyrating her middle on his hardness. 
“Damn baby. Let me put it in.” Louis begged. 
Paula positioned herself over him and held him in her hand firmly then lowered herself until the tip of his cock met the warmth and wetness of her hole. 
“Oooh yes.” She cooed as she descended onto Louis’ rock hard dick. She bounced up and down on it slowly, pinching his nipples as he thrust his midsection upward. Her pace increased and Louis slapped her ass as she pumped hard in circular movements. He finally matched her rhythm and could feel her pussy convulsing. He grabbed both her ass cheeks for leverage and pumped into her like a madman. The friction was too much for Paula and she shook her head left to right in spasms until her pussy walls collapsed and let out clear warm liquid that saturated Louis’ stomach and legs. While she came, Louis was exploding inside her increasing the duration of both their climax. Winded, she flopped down on his chest as he exhaled and inhaled deeply.
“I love you so much Louis.” 
“Yea, after that nut, I would love me too.” He joked as she weakly slapped his chest. 
They lay there together on the floor until they both fell off to sleep. 

***

“Next stop, Jay Street-Boro Hall.” 
Jason grabbed the pole and waited for the train to pull into the station. He was on his way to see Rick. When the train roared into the station he opted to take a cab the rest of the way instead of waiting on the platform for the connecting A train. The cab let him out on the corner and he walked a full block to Rick’s gambling den. Rick was sitting in his truck smoking a blunt when Jason walked by and knocked on the door to the gambling spot. 
“What’s poppin’ nephew?” Rick stepped out of his truck and met Jason with a hearty hug.
“Nothing much uncle Rick. I didn’t see you out here. How are things with you?” 
“Same ole’ same ole’ you know. I did hear that guy I duffed out got locked up.”
“He’s in jail?”
“Yea, I heard he got knocked for tipping a broad up from his projects. Who does that bitch shit? I knew he was a fluff. I still gotta find out which one of these slimeballs in my camp is stealing from me. I’ma get ‘em too, that’s my good word.” Rick blew the herb smoke out his mouth and nose.
 “What’s happening with you nephew?”
“Well unc. I wanted to tell you what happened while I was in school…”
“Don’t tell me some more shit done jumped off?” 
“Um, yes. Some campus police were searching my room and asking me questions.” 
“About what?” Rick inhaled the last of his blunt then flicked it into the street.
“They were asking me about my roommate.” Jason looked at Rick carefully. “He’s dead.”
“So what? Now you ain’t gotta worry ‘bout his ass no more.” 
“But they were asking me questions.” 
“And? You ain’t kill the muthafucka, did you?” Rick laughed. “That’s what they do nephew, they ask questions because they looking for answers and you don’t have none for they ass.”
“But what if they find out he was the one that had something to do with me getting branded. They remembered the incident because they asked me about it too.”
“Good then maybe they’ll find the muthfauckas that did that shit and lock they ass up. It all works out in your favor nephew. Don’t worry about that shit, your roommate got what he deserved…end of story.”
“I guess you’re right.” 
“Shit, I know I’m right. How long you here for? You want to ride with me to handle some business?”
“I’ll be here for a while. I just want to stop by and see my mother, I haven’t seen her in a long time.”
“Don’t worry nephew, I’ll have you home by curfew.” Rick laughed as Jason jumped into the passenger side of the truck.

***

As Rick pulled up to the corner, he passed Jason two keys. 
“A4, it’s on the first floor, the apartment in the back.”
“Ok.” Jason replied as he reached into the backseat and grabbed a knapsack. 
Jason walked around the corner and used one of the keys to enter the door to a three-story tenement. There was a young guy standing in the narrow hallway when Jason stepped in and he asked, “You dropping off some work?” Jason shook his head no and continued to the back of the hallway behind the stairs and used the other key to open the apartment door. Once inside, he locked the door behind him then went into the bedroom and opened the closet door. He kneeled down and peeled the carpet back from the furthest corner of the closet then pulled up the metal access panel. He dropped the knapsack inside then replaced the access panel and carpet. When he left the apartment there was another guy standing in the hallway wearing a hood with his back to him. It seemed like they were making a transaction, as Jason got closer they stopped what they were doing and the one with the hood lowered his head slightly and peered in his direction. Jason walked pass and looked at the hooded man and thought he seemed familiar he couldn’t get a good look because the hoodie kept his face in its shadows.  
“He the one that be dropping off the work?” The hooded man asked when Jason exited the building. 
“Nah, I thought so too but I doubt it, he dress like he go to Catholic school.” The friend replied. 
“He just came outta that apartment. You know who lives there?” The hooded man asked turning in the direction of the apartment Jason had just left.
“Nah, I ain’t never seen nobody come out of there.” The guy answered.
“How long was he in there?” 
“Around fifteen maybe twenty minutes.” 
The hooded man walked to the building entrance door and peeked out the glass panel to see where Jason walked off to but he was already gone. He turned around and walked to the apartment and placed his ear against the door. He didn’t hear any movement then stepped back and looked at the MUL-T-LOCK high security cylinder on the door. 
“Was he carrying anything in his hands when he went into the apartment?” the hooded man asked as he looked up at the ceiling at a smoke detector that was positioned directly in front of the door. 
“Yea, he had a school bag on his back. What’s up?” the guy asked. 
“I bet it was much lighter when he came back out.” the hooded man said as he jumped to the ceiling and knocked off the cover of the smoke detector. 
“What you doing?” the guy asked as the cover hit the floor. 
“See that?” the hooded man pointed up to the ceiling. 
“That’s a discreet surveillance camera. What you think that’s for?” the hooded man pulled his gun from his waist and knocked the small camera from its housing then looked at the guy standing behind him. “This one of the stash houses but it won’t be no more, I’m about to change that!” 

***

“Everything good nephew?” Rick asked when Jason got back inside the vehicle.
“Everything went fine. There was one guy in the lobby but when I came back out there was another guy with a hoodie but I couldn’t make out his face.” Jason replied strapping on his seatbelt.  
“OK, now let me see if my little homie gonna take the bait.” Rick said as he pulled off to drop Jason to his mother’s house. 
“I’m gonna drop you right here so I don’t have to go around the block.” Rick said as they pulled up on the corner of Jason’s building. 
“That’s fine.” Jason said as he took the stack of bills Rick gave him. 
“Aiight. I’ll talk with you later and don’t worry about those cops at your school.” 
“I won’t. Thanks uncle Rick.” Jason said as he stuffed the money in his front pocket before he exited the vehicle.
“Give me a call before you break out nephew.” Rick yelled out the window as he pulled off. 
As Jason walked up the block to his house he noticed a guy walking towards him. When he got closer he recognized him as the guy who robbed him in the chicken spot a couple years back. He trembled as he slowed his gait then contemplated on turning around and running in the other direction, the fear of being robbed or assaulted in his mind. The guy got within a hundred feet of Jason and when he recognized him, the expression on his face changed and he crossed the street quickly. His pace quickened but he kept his eyes trained on Jason until he got to the other side of the street. Jason was confused with the guy’s reaction but kept looking behind him periodically until he made it home safely. 
Jason put his key in the door and pushed it open then entered. He saw a man’s t-shirt flung over the back of the chair and his mother’s nightgown on the floor.  
“Mother.” 
Mrs. Buchanan rushed from the back, tying the belt of her terry cloth robe as she greeted her son. 
“Hey Jason. What a surprise. I had no idea you were coming home today.” She embraced him warmly and noticed the undergarments strewn on the floor haphazardly. Embarrassed, she ran over and gathered them up quickly then turned to her son, “I’m sorry Jason. I didn’t expect…”
Jason waved his hand and cut her off, “Mother, its ok. It’s been a long time since I been home to visit and I’ve forgotten you are involved with someone and need your privacy. I should have called first.”
“I’m very embarrassed because you haven’t even met Louis and here I am carrying on like some love struck teenager. I really want you to meet him Jason.”
“I do too. Tell him to come out so I can meet him now.”
“Oh baby, he’s not here, he left over an hour ago for work.”
“He works on the weekends too?”
“Yes, he does a lot of overtime. He does have expensive taste.”
“Well I’ll meet him another time.” He said taking a seat on the living room couch.
“Are you hungry? She said walking into the kitchen. 
“I’m not really hungry. I’ll have some tea.”
After making tea for Jason and herself, she placed his cup on the center table and sat on the ottoman across from him. 
“Now tell me, what brings you home on a Sunday?” Paula’s ‘mama’ radar was on high alert. 
“Well to be honest, I was planning to come see you anyway since it’s been so long but there was a terrible incident that happened to my roommate last week. From what I was told he…”
Paula cut him off quickly, “Oh my God! Don’t tell me it has something to do with that article in today’s paper about a student being murdered?”
“Murdered? Is that what is said in today’s paper?” Jason looked baffled.
“Yes, it said they thought he died from a drug overdose but his parents had an autopsy done and it showed he had traces of Ricin in his system and they since ruled his death a homicide.” She jumped up and retrieved the paper and gave it to Jason who immediately started reading the article. 
“Was that your roommate?” She asked when he finished reading. 
“Yes mother. He was my roommate.”
“Oh my God, no!” she exclaimed covering her mouth with both hands.  “Did you know he was on drugs? Are you ok?”
“I’m fine mother. I’m not sure if he was on drugs or not.” Jason grabbed his head with both hands. “I have to rethink my future at that school. I think I need to take a break from all of this.” 
“Why? Are you afraid of something? Are you hiding from something…someone?” Paula peered closely at her son. “Were you involved in some way? Do you need my help?”
“I’m not hiding from anyone. And I don’t need any help, I’m not on any kind of drugs and didn’t have anything to do with this, if that’s what you’re implying.”
“I’m sorry Jason, I don’t want you thinking I’m insinuating anything. I just want to be sure you understand that going to this school is not the reason this happened to your roommate. He may have gotten mixed up with the wrong crowd. That shouldn’t have you thinking of dropping out, especially when you’re doing so well academically.” 
“I’m not thinking of dropping out but I’m thinking of taking a semester off. Things don’t seem to be working out the way I thought mother.”
“Jason, I know things are tough and terrible things happen in life that may make us want to disconnect ourselves from the world temporarily but we have to stay vigilant in the face of any adversity…you must stay vigilant. I remember I felt like giving up when your father was murdered and lost complete faith in the justice system because up until now, the police still haven’t convicted anyone for his murder.” Paula shook her head. “Jason, I cursed almighty God for taking your father because I couldn’t understand why and there was no one who could explain it to me. We both suffered a terrible loss together but I couldn’t give up, for if I did, what would have become of you?”
Jason rubbed his hands together, “I’m glad you were strong enough to continue on mother because if you didn’t I’m not sure if I would have gotten this far. You’ve done the best job that you were able to do in raising me and I don’t want to disappoint you. You unselfishly put your hurt and pain to the side to help me deal with his loss. I miss him dearly and know he is proud you made it through the terrible times despite your own suffering.” Jason paused and cleared his throat, “Losing dad has changed me inside and I deal with it daily. I really thought that once I started college that things for me would be different but it hasn’t gotten any better. I expected the things I went through in grade school and high school to change but it’s like tragedy follows me wherever I go like I have a black cloud over my head.”
“Awww baby,” Paula rose and walked over to her son and held him in her arms, “don’t think like that because that’s not true. It just seems that way.” She pushed him away and held him at arms length so she could look into his eyes. “Even when times get terribly hard, pull strength from deep inside and you will persevere. Just promise me you’ll see this through Jason and not make any haste decisions.” 
“Ok mother, I promise.”



Chapter 23
Hard Times

On her way from class at Baruch College, a jeep pulled up beside Michelle and beeped the horn. She purposely ignored the driver who was trying to get her attention and continued walking. The jeep followed behind her slowly as the driver relentlessly tried to get her to turn around by beeping the horn and calling out to her with, “Hey ma!” Finally annoyed, Michelle turned on her heels and began walking in the opposite direction only to hear, “Magic! Magic!” Upon hearing her old stage name, she turned around with every intention of spitting fire at the disrespectful trick trying to call her out. 
“Damn girl, what’s up?” Rick said jumping out his jeep and walking towards her.
“Oh shit! You was just about to get cussed the fuck out for calling my name out in public like that!” Michelle responded after recognizing Jason’s uncle. 
“Shit, I wasn’t trying to call you out like that but you act like you didn’t hear me when I was beeping the horn.” 
“That’s because I’m not a Toyota Corolla.” 
“Ok, I heard that. Where you on your way from?” Rick asked eyeing her tight body. 
“Would you believe I’m coming from class?”
“You? Get the fuck outta here! Wasn’t it your girl who was going to school the last time we were together?” Rick laughed.
“I’m trying to get my shit together. It’s ‘bout that time.”
“Ok, so what you taking up?” Rick shrugged.
“Criminal law.”
“Damn, you ain’t bullshittin’. You gonna be high powered when you done. So I’m guessing you not dancing no more?”
“Nope. Not at all.”
“Wow. I know there’s a lot of sad muthafuckas at that club. So how you gettin’ money now? You turned in the thongs for a regular nine to five?”
“I’m not working right now but I’m looking for a job.” 
“Ok that’s kool.” Rick said pulling out some money from his pocket. “I don’t know if you need it but I got a little something if you do.”
“Nah, I’m good Rick. Thanks though.” She displayed a smirk from the offer.
“Oh well then. Um, do you need a ride home or anywhere?”
“Nah, I’m good, I can manage.” Michelle rolled her eyes.
“Aiight, well fuck it. Maybe we can hook up later on or something.” Rick passed her a card with his number on it. “I remember the last time we had that ménage a four. I can’t get that night outta my mind.” He licked his lips.
“Oh I’m sorry boo boo. That was a long time ago and I don’t get down like that no more. Me and your nephew are official now.”
“What? Get the fuck outta here. Jason? Y’all fuck around?” Rick looked at her suspiciously. “How long this been goin’ on?” 
“It’s been a minute now.”
“No disrespect Magic but I can’t believe that shit.” Rick chuckled. “You know you too quick for my slow ass nephew. What you really up to?” Rick tilted his head to the left. 
“What you mean by that? I ain’t up to shit, we’re together. Is that so hard to believe? You think I can’t change my life? You think people can’t change?”
“Honestly? Hell naw.” Rick chuckled again. “Not how shit fucked up in these streets as far as money is concerned. You don’t strike me as the type to just wanna change ‘cause you met some square ass trick.”
“You can’t judge me based on what I used to do. Y’all muthafuckas kill me with that bullshit. You don’t know me so you can’t say what I’m capable of doing.”
“Look Magic on some real shit. Save that game for my nephew, I ain’t no lame. I got years in this shit. I know what type of broad you are. I saw your horns the first day we met so you can save your breath.”
“So what you trying to say Rick?”
“I ain’t stutter.”
“Fuck you! You don’t know me!”
“Come on Magic, I’m from the streets ma. I’m an O.G. so I’ve ran across a thousand you’s in my life and can spot y’all in a crowd at a Knicks game. Keep it real with ya self.”
“Let me get you straight muthafucka! First off, my name is Michelle, I don’t answer to the other name no more. And as far as what you think of me O.G., you’re a dinosaur and what you talking about is prehistoric. That game you’re talking about has changed since the ‘50’s and so have the players.” Michelle looked him up and down, her nose wrinkling up. “I don’t have shit to prove to you or nobody else that wants to ruin what me and Jason have. Now it wasn’t nice to see you again and because you were so disrespectful I won’t let him know I bumped into your ancient ass. I would hate to disappoint him by telling him how much of an asshole you were to me.”
Michelle turned around and strutted down the street switching her ass so hard in her jeans that each cheek threatened to burst the seams when it bounced.
“That hoe frontin’ ‘bout she don’t respond to that name anymore. Shit, she damn near broke her neck when I called her out.” Rick chuckled to himself. “I don’t know why Jason never told me he was fucking that smut. I hope he see through all that fake bubble gum bullshit she trying to sell his love struck ass.” Rick mumbled to himself. “But damn, I wouldn’t mind hitting that fat ass one more time.”

***

Michelle opened her mailbox and retrieved her mail then boarded the elevator. Damian Jr. was at her next-door neighbor’s house so she went to get him. When the door opened and she called out to him, he came barreling down the hallway with smudges of jelly on the corners of his mouth and leaped into her arms planting sticky wet kisses all over her face. Just seeing his innocence gave her the drive to do whatever it took to ensure she gave him a stable life. She gathered him up and entered her apartment, throwing the mail on the kitchen table along with her college papers. Then she went to the bathroom and turned on the tub faucets to run Damian Jr. a bath. She poured in some Mr. Bubbles then went back to the kitchen and went through her mail while her son watched Cartoon Network. She sifted through her mail throwing telephone, rent and cable bills to the side until she found the letter she was looking for. She ripped open the letter and pulled out the check. She shook her head because the amount of the check was not what she usually received. 
“This muthafucka gettin’ slack. I need to talk to him.” She mumbled to herself. “This ain’t even enough to pay my fucking bills!”
She dropped the check on the table and looked through the rest of the mail and came across an envelope addressed to her from Coxsackie Correctional Facility. She opened it and pulled out a one page letter that was folded three ways and began reading the contents:
“Please don’t rip this letter up. I know I’m the last person you want to hear from but I had a lot of time to think while I was in here and I want to make peace with myself and clear my conscience. I had time to see where I went wrong with you. I made mad mistakes when I was out in the world and I can’t blame nobody but myself. I’m the cause of a lot of your pain and I’m manning up to that fact. I know what you been through in the past and instead of protecting you I abused and took advantage of you. Instead of embracing you and showing you that you could trust and love somebody without them profiting of you I did to you what you were initially trying to escape from. I just want to say…
The phone rang interrupting Michelle as she was reading. She picked up the cordless telephone and answered abruptly
“Hello.” 
“Hey Michelle. What’s up?”
“Jason? Hmm. Where you at? Are you calling from school?”
“No.”
“Well where you at?”
“I’m at my mother’s house. I wanted to come by and see you before I go back to school.”
“Ok. I’m home, come over.”
“All right. I’ll be there after I leave my mother’s house.”
“I’ll be here waiting ‘cause we have some important shit we need to discuss.” Michelle rolled her eyes and huffed.
“Ok.”
Michelle disconnected her call then went into the living room to get Damian Jr. so she could put him in the bathtub. Young Damian removed his clothes when he saw the bubbles in the water and stepped into the tub and immediately began kicking his feet splashing water everywhere. 
“D.J. Mommy’ll be right back. I’m going to get you some toys to play with in the tub.”
“Ok mommy.” He replied, blowing the bubbles he scooped up in his little hands. 
Michelle retrieved a small plastic boat and a couple of action figures from his toy chest then went to get the bills and the prison letter from Damian Junior’s father. She opened the envelopes containing her bills and shook her head in dismay. The cable bill was a disconnection notice along with the telephone bill and she was two months behind on her rent. She shook her head then continued reading her prison letter from where she left off before Jason’s phone call:
“… I’m sorry for what I did to you. I never meant to hurt you. I know that I’m here because of what I did to you. I know what I did was wrong. I’ve been talking to a counselor in here and told her everything. I told her that when I first came home how I beat on you whenever I lost my money.  I told her that I started drinking and gambling. I hope you don’t get mad but I even told her that you dance but I said you did that only because you needed money to hold everything down when I was away the first time. She told me that I have anger problems and it’s true. It’s like she went inside my head and pulled out shit that I been feeling for a long time. I always knew what I did was wrong but she made me see it up close. Look baby, I swear, I’m sorry for beating on you and I can promise you that I won’t ever do no shit like that again. I’m sorry for the hurt and pain I caused you and our son. I want to be a better man to you, I want to be a better father to our son. I now understand that I treated you the way I did because I couldn’t deal with not being man enough to take care of my family. Being in here has changed me. I know you might not believe me but it’s the truth. I’m asking for another chance. Can you give me one final chance to be good to you and our son? I hope I’m not too late but whatever your decision, I want you to know that I will always love you and I will be a better father to our son when I touch down. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me and give us another chance. Think about it baby, no man or woman should be judged by what they have done in their past, they should be recognized for what they do in the present. 
Yours forever,
Damian

Michele folded the letter and bowed her head to her chest and blew out a burst of air.
“Mommy, what’s wrong?” Damian Jr. asked when he looked over to his mother.
“Nothing D.J.” she whispered.
“Then why are you crying?” 
She didn’t know she was crying and wiped the tears from her eyes. 
“I don’t know baby.”
“Are you sad mommy?”
“Yes D.J. mommy is a little sad.”
“Maybe you need a hug. You hug me when I’m sad sometimes.”
Michelle looked into her son’s eyes. He was the splitting image of his father. Their resemblance was uncanny. She rose from where she was sitting and pulled him out of the tub then kissed and hugged him tightly as he dripped sudsy water all over the bathroom floor. 
“I love you Damian.” 

***

A light rattle on the door awakened Michelle. She looked at the clock on the cable box and huffed. She got up and walked to the front door then looked out the peephole. Recognizing Jason’s silhouette in the dark hallway, she unlocked the door and opened it wide for him to enter. Jason entered, kissing her softly on her lips. 
“Hey baby.” 
They walked into the living room and took a seat on the couch. 
“You want something to eat or drink?” Michelle asked him. 
“No. Thank you honey.” 
Michelle turned on the television and the glow from the tube lit up the dark room. She sat across from Jason and unconsciously rolled her eyes. She was about to say something when he got up and walked over to her and kissed her lovingly on her nose. 
“I love you Michelle.” 
She looked up at him. “What’s wrong now?” 
“Nothing. I been thinking of taking off a semester or two from school.” 
Michelle sat up quickly, “What?”
“To be honest I’m feeling a little overwhelmed. So much has happened to me in life and to go through more hardship while in college is just too much. I think I need a break, I need some time to clear my mind and make some much needed adjustments.” 
“Wait a minute Jason, you can’t do that, you can’t quit now.” Michelle shook her head. “What about me, what about us? What about our plans? If you stop now then what’s going to happen to us?”
“I know Michelle but I just need to take a break, a short break to try and get my priorities back in order.” 
“Wow Jason. That’s real selfish of you. All you’re thinking about is yourself and that’s not fair to me. If I was selfish like you’re being right now I would go back to how things were before we got together. How would you feel then? Hold on I need to show you something.”
Michelle got up and left the room while Jason looked at her with sullen eyes then lowered his head. Michelle returned with a letter in her hand then suddenly dropped it in his lap. Jason picked up the letter and read it then looked up to Michelle. He couldn’t believe what he was reading. 
“That’s my syllabus for this semester. I registered for college a couple of months after you left for school and have been going to classes since. I never told you because I wanted to surprise you. I’m doing my part Jason. I ain’t give up and it’s hard as hell for me. Remember it’s not just me, I have a son that needs to be taken care of.”
“I don’t know what to say. I’m sorry. I feel so bad for being so selfish thinking of myself and forgetting about our future. I have to remain focused. Can you forgive me?”
“I can but what guarantees do I have with you now after all this quitting shit you talking about.” 
“You have my word. I am going to see all this through. I spoke with my mother and she told me the same thing. I guess the two women I love really wants what’s best for me.”
Michele pulled out her bills and the check Jason sent. 
“What happened this month Jason? I’m behind on my rent, I’m surprised the cable is still on.”
“Oh I’m sorry. My monthly stipend was short and I had to pay for some school supplies. I thought this would have been enough for this month.”
“Well it ain’t. If I don’t pay these bills I’m gonna be out on the streets. I can get the money up but I know you don’t want me to go back to my old ways of getting money, right?”
“Absolutely not.” Jason dug into his front pocket and pulled out a wad of bills and placed seven hundred dollar bills in the palm of Michele’s hand. 
Michele smiled, “Thank you baby.” she hugged him around his neck tightly.  “No more talk about this school quitting business and I’ll make sure my part is taken care of daddy.” 




Chapter 24
Fast Forward to Senior

“Upon graduating, 15% of you are going to work for a Fortune 500 company, 35% of you are going to go on and become successful business men and women, 8% are going to own and operate their own profitable business and the remaining 42% of you are going to work as a city employee earning just enough to be considered middle class.”
The students in the auditorium looked around at one another. 
“I see you looking at your fellow students. I see you looking at your neighbor sizing yourself up, wondering if it’s going to be them who will wind up in the 35% or if it will be you in the unlucky 42% paying back those enormous student loans and living paycheck to paycheck. It’s a dog eat dog world out there and it’s up to you to decide who you are going to be, it’s the choices you make that will dictate your status in life. Make the right choice.” 
The professor looked out at the sea of faces and smirked. It was a speech he had given to graduating scholars for as long as he could remember. 
Jason rose and grabbed his briefcase off the seat next to him and hurried out the auditorium. He rushed to the entrance of the school and hailed a cab to 42nd Street where he interned as an assistant to the biochemist at the prestigious Pfizer Pharmaceutical Company. He’d been interning there a little over a year after having the talk with his mother and Michelle and was glad they both played a part in him staying in school because he loved science. Once he made it to the lab, he put on his white lab coat and went into the testing area and sat down in front of a PC and began researching the chemical reaction of the mixture of mechanisms the biochemist was working on. As he checked the reactions of the mixture, he reflected on all he had been through leading up to his last year in school. Overall, he was finally happy with the way things were finally turning out. Michelle was enrolled in Baruch College pursuing her Bachelor’s degree in Law and had found a job working as a paralegal for Bennet & Waltzman Law Group. His mother seemed very happy with her boyfriend Louis, and although he still hadn’t met him, had spoken to him in length on the phone and was satisfied he truly was the right man for his mother. The single most important thing that brought peace to his life was the fact that he was closer to his dream of starting a life with Michelle and had no incidents of bullying after the assault in his dorm. Life was finally going in the direction he always dreamed of and was getting better as the days went by.  
“Buchanan! You have to hurry up with those reports. I need them within the hour.”
“Uhh yes Dr. Sandstein. I’m just finishing up.” Jason replied getting back to work. 
Dr. Sandstein turned to leave but before he walked out the office he added, “By the way. You’ve been doing a great job since you’ve been here.”
“Thanks Dr. Sandstein, thanks a lot.”

***

The cold air whipped through the thin leather jacket Michelle was wearing. It didn’t help that she was wearing a strapless thigh high form fitting silk dress. She shivered as she stood on the line waiting to enter the club with some of her co-workers. One of the young black lawyers at the office where she worked had just made partner and was celebrating his promotion at a posh club in Midtown called Serenade. He rented out the top tier of the club and invited most of the black paralegals and secretaries because he was originally from the hood and although he was educated and a graduate from Stamford, he never lost sight of where he came from. 
Michelle and her coworkers were impatiently waiting for someone to come down to confirm they were VIP and when someone finally came down, the bouncer gave them access and they rushed in out of the cold. Michelle walked in and was momentarily overwhelmed, it had been over three years since she was in a club setting and it took some time for her ears to adjust to the noise and crowd. The beautiful women strutted through the horde of people confidently and made their way to the stairs that lead to the VIP section. 
“Over here ladies!”
Michelle saw Marvin, the young black lawyer, with a bottle of champagne in one hand while the other was placed firmly on the ass of a petite white woman. 
The ladies made their way up the stairs and each hugged and kissed the young lawyer. Michelle took a seat immediately as the women she came with grabbed a flute and helped themselves to the champagne that was plentiful on all the tables. She looked out over the crowd and could see women and men dancing. They were enjoying themselves and she began to feel the invigoration of the club scene once again. 
“Come on Michelle, this is a celebration!” Marvin screamed into her ear. “Let’s party!”
Michelle got up and walked over to the table and grabbed a champagne glass and poured herself some bubbly. After her third drink she unconsciously began moving to the rhythm of the beat blaring out the loud speakers in the club. Before she knew it she was dancing along with everyone on the tier. Another drink was handed to her and she downed it quickly then closed her eyes as the music continued to take over her mind. As she danced by herself, someone came up behind her and began dancing with her. She continued dancing and turned around to face her dance partner, they danced to two songs as drink after drink was thrust into her hands. The DJ played, “Drop it Like it’s Hot” and Michelle’s hips began to sway seductively, she was on the balls of her feet and her heels swung left to right. She turned around quickly and backed her ass up on her dance partner and pushed onto him and let her ass shake. She turned back around and stepped into her dance partner and grinded her front on him then dropped down and bounced on her ankles three times then sprung back up turning around again, bending down and touching her toes while shaking her voluptuous ass. She stood back up and raised her arms above her head and snaked them while her entire body followed suit. She swung her head around and stared her dance partner in his eyes as he made a valiant effort to keep up with her but he was no match for the skilled ex-dancer. She grabbed him by his waist forcefully and snaked her body onto his, sticking her tongue out then shaking her head furiously. Everyone on the tier stopped dancing and watched her in amazement. She continued freaking her partner and when the song concluded, loud applause could be heard from the tier and from down below on the dance floor. The clapping snapped Michelle out of her trance and she stopped dancing almost immediately.  
“Girl, you was freaking the shit out of that dude!” one of her coworkers exclaimed. 
“Damn Michelle, you was dancing on shorty like he was a stripper pole.” Her other coworker added laughing. 
“That’s that Dom taking over.” Michelle replied. 
“If that shit make you dance like a stripper then I need to drink some more.” Her coworker commented. 
“Where is the ladies room?” she asked her coworker to end the conversation on her dancing performance. 
“It’s down there on the side of the bar.” Her coworker pointed in the direction of the restroom. “I have to go too so I’ll go with you.”
Michelle and her coworker descended the stairs and made their way towards the restroom. The club had gotten packed since they first arrived so it was difficult to maneuver through the crowd. Drinks were being offered, her arm and hands were grabbed, and her feet were stepped on as she navigated her way to the bathroom and stood on line.
“Damn! I gotta go bad.” Her coworker said annoyed. 
“Tell me about it. I need to pee like a racehorse.” Michelle co signed. 
Michelle leaned on the wall and thought about the spectacle she made of herself when she was dancing. Before landing her job with the law firm she had battled hard to distance herself from her past life and old ways but the temptations were too much for her to fight at times. Money was an issue and she sometimes succumbed to the lure of the almighty dollar.  Being in the club, drinking the champagne and hearing the music naturally brought her Magic days back and it felt refreshing. Her dancing days were long behind her and her past was something she wanted to keep just where it was…in her past but just like tonight, she always slipped up.
“I liked the way you were dancing up there, it was almost like you do that professionally.” Michelle heard someone say to her. 
“Excuse me?” Michelle turned around and her bottom jaw dropped. 
“Hey baby. Don’t look so alarmed. How are you?” Damian asked.
“W-w-what are you doing here? When did you come home?” Michelle backed away slowly.
“Be easy. I don’t want to do nothing but talk to you. Did you ever get my letters?” Damian asked outstretching his hand and gently grabbing hers. 
“I did get your letters but I never wrote you back because I honestly didn’t believe one word.” Michelle answered but didn’t resist when he grabbed her hand. 
“I understand. I know it was hard for you to believe what I wrote was true but it was and still is. I was sincere and meant ever word I wrote.”
“When did you get out?” Michelle asked again. 
“Oh my bad. I been out about a month and I came here with one of my boys, it’s his birthday.  Is it cool if we go somewhere and talk for a minute?” 
“You been home a month and you ain’t come check your son?”
“I didn’t want to pop up at your crib and spook you. I tried to call but your number changed. I even went by the spot where you used to work but them broads said they hadn’t seen you in years and didn’t have any info on you. I did make the effort.” Damian explained. 
“Well a lot has changed. I’m in school and I’m working now.”
“That’s a good look. A lot has changed for me too. That’s why I want to talk to you. Can we go somewhere so we can talk real quick?” 
“I have to use the bathroom…”
“I’ll wait. I just want to talk to and it’s hard to hear with all this loud music.” Damian gestured to the speakers over their heads. 
“Umm…I don’t know Damian. I don’t think that’s a good idea. I mean, I’m with my co-workers and…”
Damian cut her off again, “I see you with your peoples, I ain’t trying to keep you long. All I need is five minutes, can I at least get that?”
“Aiight, five minutes Damian.” Michelle said then turned and walked inside the ladies room.
Damian made his way back to the bar and brought another drink while he waited for her to come out of the bathroom. 
“Who was that cute guy you were talking to?” Michelle’s co-worker asked while they were at the sink washing their hands. 
“Oh that’s my son’s father.” Michelle answered being short. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Don’t worry about it girl. We’re not together.” 
“I didn’t mean anything by it but…he is sexy.” 
Michelle ignored her co-worker because she knew she was drunk. They exited the restroom and Michelle scanned the club for Damian. She didn’t see him and started to make her way back to the VIP area with her co-worker leading the way. By the time she reached the stairs, Damian appeared and tapped her on her shoulder.
“You ready to talk?” 
Michelle turned around and when she saw him she smiled weakly.
“Where do you want to go to talk?” 
“Downstairs. There’s another level down there. It’s not as loud or crowded as up here.”
“Ok.” She turned to her co-worker and told her she would be back shortly then followed Damian down to the lower level of the club. 
Damian was wearing a black blazer with a black buttoned down shirt that had three buttons unbuttoned from the top showing off part of his chest. On his feet was a pair of hard bottom black loafers. Michelle thought he looked like he was coming from a funeral or going to one. Damian found an empty loveseat and they both sat down. Michelle looked into his eyes and could see there was something different about him but she didn’t want to fall for anything because he had lied to her too many times in the past. She was doing well without him and didn’t need him trying to throw a monkey wrench in what she was planning with Jason. 
“Look baby, I want to talk and you just listen to what I have to say. If at the end you don’t want to see or talk to me again, I’ll stay outta your face from here on in.”
“Let me be honest with you Damian. After what you did the last time, I don’t think I can trust or believe anything you’re about to say to me.”
“That’s just it. What happened was the last time. It’s the last time I will ever put my hands on you except in a loving way, it’s the last time I’ll ever lie to you, and the last time I’ll make you cry. There’s no excuse for what I did to you but I now know why I did it, I was hurt and didn’t know how to get you back in my life. I didn’t know how to be a man and take care of you and love you for what you were willing to sacrifice to make sure our family was ok. While I was locked up I voluntarily went to anger management and counseling and learned things about myself and realized all my faults and I accepted them because I know how much I really love you. You and DJ is the only family I have and I don’t want to lose y’all. I can say sorry this last time and truly mean it. I ain’t angry no more. I’m serious about getting my family back and I just need one more chance to prove to you that I’m a better man. I have a son to raise. We, have a son to raise.” Damian looked deep into Michelle’s eyes. 
Michelle looked at the cup he was nursing.
“Oh, this is cranberry juice. I don’t drink anymore either.” He put the plastic cup under her nose. “Straight cranberry, no chaser.” 
Michelle was becoming emotional but kept her poker face. She couldn’t fall for the story Damian was giving her 
“Damian, I hope you did change for the better and if you did that’s really a good thing. I just don’t think I can take another chance with you again. I tried it so many times and every time I took you back the abuse got worse, your change shoulda came then but it didn’t that’s why I had to move on.”
“You still with that chump, I mean the same dude?” Damian laughed nervously but his eyebrows furrowed.
“Yea. He has no idea I was involved in what happened that night you beat him and he trusts me, I want to keep it like that. He treats me good. He don’t beat on me, he don’t put me down, he don’t…”
Damian cut her off, “He don’t know he’s fucking up our family. I hear what you saying about what homie is doing for you and shit but that wasn’t how it was supposed to be. I will be that man for you if you only give me the one final chance I’m asking to prove myself to you and our son. We have a son together, a boy that should be raised by his real father. That dude was never supposed to be in the picture like this, it wasn’t in our plans.”
“I used to think that but so much time has passed Damian. My life has moved in a totally different direction and I like where I’m going. I don’t want to jeopardize all I invested by taking another foolish chance with no guarantees. And as far as Damian Jr. is concerned, I hope you will play a role in his life because no one can replace you as his father.”
Damian moved closer to Michelle and she trembled slightly when he grabbed her hand in his and turned to look at her so they were facing each other. She couldn’t look him directly in his eyes and averted his gaze. 
“I still love you. I always loved you and will always love you and I know you know this. I might be sounding like a broken record right now but I did change and I want a chance to get my family back. What is scrams doing that you think I can’t do? I know he ain’t more man than me and I know he can’t protect you the way I can and will. I know what you like, I know what you want in life and we can finally have that because I’m ready to be that man and treat you like my woman, no holds barred. I know you still love me baby. You know how I know?” Damian looked in her eyes seductively. “You never pressed charges on me and you wasn’t the one that called the police, that’s why I didn’t get an asshole full of time. I can look in your eyes and I can see that you want to but you’re scared. I won’t hurt you again. I promise.” 
Michelle shook her head slowly and pulled her hand away from Damian’s. She stood up and turned around and folded her arms across her chest. Then she turned back around to face Damian and looked at him momentarily. She could hear him pleading with her, begging her to give him another chance but it wasn’t verbal, his eyes were talking to her. She frowned as she stared at him looking up at her. 
“Damian I can’t. I just can’t. I’m sorry.” Tears pooled in her eyes as she headed for the stairs. 
Damian got up and went after her. He stopped her before she reached the first step and grabbed her arm. 
“I hear what your mouth is saying but your heart is definitely saying something else. I’m not gonna put no pressure on you, I’ll fall back and let you breathe but I won’t let go unless you tell me you don’t love me no more, unless you tell me right now that you want that lame in your life instead of me. I won’t let go unless you tell me that right now.” 
They stood there for five minutes while Damian held onto her arm lovingly, stroking it gently until she pulled away from him in slow motion then ran up the stairs.  
  




Chapter 25
Gift from the Dead

Jason lay in the bed staring up at the ceiling. The cracks in the drop ceiling looked like abstract art as he relaxed and thought about what he was going to do for the day. He put in for the day off from work and cancelled all his classes for the day but didn’t have anything planned. He wanted to spend the day with Michelle but as of late she had been busy with work, going to school, and taking care of her son. His other option was his mother and although her schedule was pretty much similar, working and spending all her free time with Louis, he was positive she would have something planned for him. Without much of a choice, he decided on going to see his mother then catching up with Michelle later. He slowly got out of bed, took a shower then took out a crisp steel gray two-piece suit and put it on then slipped into his burgundy square toe shoes. He admired himself in the mirror then walked out the door. 

***

“But it’s his birthday and I want to do something special for him. He’s turning 21 and he’s getting ready to graduate from college.” Paula was telling Louis over the telephone.
“I hear you baby girl but I don’t think he gonna want a house party. He a college boy and I’m sure he got plans with some of his nerdy friends.” Louis chuckled. “Nah, but seriously, I don’t think he gonna want a surprise party in your crib. You know what I’m sayin’?”  
 “I haven’t seen him in so long, almost nine months. I just want to make sure I at least do something special for him even if it’s just a dinner. I know he may have something planned but I just want to share part of this day with him.”
“Well a dinner sounds good. Let me know what time and I’ll be there. Shit, at least I can finally meet him face to face instead of talking to him on the phone.”
“I know and a dinner will definitely be the appropriate setting for you two to meet, finally. Well then it’s settled, I’m going to give him a dinner party and I don’t care if he brings his prostitute girlfriend along.”
“Wow, that’s below the belt, even for you Paula.” Louis laughed. 
“I didn’t mean it like that but after all this time I still don’t like her and I don’t believe she really loves my Jason. Well, I’m going to give him a call and tell him now.”
“Ok, just tell me what time and I’ll be there. Can I do the Tims and jeans or you want me shoe down?”
“I would like for you to wear a blazer and some slacks. I’m going to invite some people that you haven’t met and I don’t want to hear any negative comments. I’ll have everything prepared by five, you should be home from work by then.”
“There you go with that image shit again Paula. You not my publicist or stylist, so stop trying to have me look and act a certain way for your peoples. If they like me it ain’t gonna matter if I got on Tims or Oxfords.”
“I’m not trying to change your image Louis. I love you the way you are; I’m just asking that you dress casual. Please don’t make me out like I’m ashamed of you.”
“I’m just fucking with you baby girl. I like ruffling your feathers. Aiight, I’ll be there around six because I’m gonna need to go home after work to shower, shit and shave before making my appearance.”  
“Ok, see you then honey.”
“No doubt.” Louis blew a kiss in the phone then hung up. 
Paula dialed Jason’s cell phone number while she ran downstairs to check the mailbox.
“Happy Birthday baby!” Paula sang when Jason answered his cell phone. 
“Thank you mother.” 
“Jason, I know you may have something planned today but I want to have a small dinner party for you this evening.” 
“That’ll be fine mother. I’m actually on my way down to see you now. I had an idea you were going to do something, I just didn’t know what. You are the best.”
“That’s because I love you Jason. It’s been so long since you’ve stopped by so I wanted to do something special for you. I hope you don’t mind.” Paula said as she took the mail out of the mailbox and headed back to her apartment. 
“I don’t mind mother. I was planning on spending the day with Michelle but she’s been so busy that we hadn’t had time to see each other. I figured I’d surprise her for my birthday and do something special with her.”
Paula shook her head when she heard her son’s comment.
“What time did you plan on cooking and have you invited anyone yet?” Jason asked.
“Other than Louis, I haven’t invited anyone but I do plan on inviting some of my co-workers and some of the neighbors. Is there anyone specific you want me to invite?”
“Well, I was thinking about uncle Rick. I’m sure he would love to come.” 
“Sure, you call and invite him. Tell him everything will be ready around six o’clock.” 
“Alright, I’m going to give him a call now. It’s still early so hopefully he doesn’t have anything planned for this evening.”
“Is there anything special you want me to cook for you?” 
“Yes. Make your famous oxtails. You know it’s been a long time since I had a home cooked meal.”
“Oxtails it is then. I’ll see you when you get here.”
“Thanks mother, see you soon.”
After prepping the food she was going to cook for Jason’s dinner party, she sat down and went through her mail. As she sorted through it she saw a letter with Jason’s name on it from a law firm. She put it aside and continued looking through her mail. She came across a similar letter but this one had her name on it from the same lawyer office. She quickly opened the letter and read the contents and gasped. There were two checks in the envelope, one for $250,000 and a second for $100,000. The letter contained legal jargon explaining how the money was to be held in escrow in the event of Ronald’s untimely death and was to be distributed to Paula on the day their son turned 21 years old. It didn’t state where the money came from nor did it state how she was to spend it. Paula held both checks in amazement and couldn’t believe how even in death her husband made sure she and their son would be ok. She had received a hefty amount from his insurance policy when he died and Jason received a monthly social security check but as far as any other monies, she thought that was it. She sniffled, trying to keep the tears from coming but she was overwhelmed with emotion. Then suddenly she felt anger, she was angry Ronald had all that money and allowed them to live in the conditions they were subjected to when he was alive. He should have moved them out of Brooklyn or at least to a middle class neighborhood and maybe he wouldn’t have been murdered. He robbed himself of his own life by not utilizing the money to give them a safer existence. She began to mourn all over again wondering what could have been. 
She pulled herself together and tried to concentrate on the task at hand, preparing Jason’s birthday dinner and making the phone calls to her guests. She gathered up the mail and remembered the mail for Jason from the lawyer’s office. She was tempted to open it but couldn’t violate his privacy. She took her checks and Jason’s envelope with her into her room and sat on her bed. Her life had just changed financially and although it was what she always wanted she was confused on how she should feel. In one sense, she was happy she had the money but at the same time, depressed because Ronald wasn’t there to share the wealth.
“What am I going to do? This is what I’ve always wanted but I wanted it with you Ronald. But now that I have it, I want to share it with Louis. Is that wrong? Is there a difference? You’re not here with me anymore, not physically, can I start making plans with Louis? We’ve been together over two years and the relationship is growing. Will you be all right with this? Please let me know. Send me a sign.” Paula looked up to the ceiling and sighed.
It was twelve noon when Paula heard the front door locks opening and figured it was Jason coming in. She went to greet him and brought the envelope with her to show him. 
“Hey mother.” Jason said as he met her coming out of the kitchen. 
“Hey baby. Happy Birthday.” 
“Thank you mother. It smells like home in here.”
“I have your gift in the back but there’s something very important that we need to talk about.”
“What is it mother?”
Paula gave Jason the envelope and he took it into his hands and looked at the return address and then looked at his mother suspiciously.
“What’s this?” 
He slowly opened it then read the contents. He had to read it twice to make sure his eyes weren’t playing tricks on him. The letter stated he was the recipient of $250,000 left to him from his father when he reached the age of 21. There was also an additional $75,000 that was in a CD account that had grown interest over the years that was also left to him. Jason was shocked to see the check made out to him in his name. He looked up at his mother with questions marks in the pupil of his eyes.
“Wh-wh-where did all this money come from?” Jason waved the check in his hand.
“How much is it?” 
“Two hundred and fifty thousand in this check and another seventy five thousand is in a bank account.”
Paula gasped again and clasped her hands over her mouth. In total there was over a half million dollars between the both of them.
“Oh my God!” Paula’s eyes watered. “Jason, I received a similar letter also and there were two checks in there that equaled three hundred and fifty thousand dollars!”
“Where did dad get all this money from? Did you know he had this kind of money mother?”
“Of course not. I had no idea he had this amount of money. Your father was a plant manager at a warehouse and only made $38,000 a year and couldn’t have possibly saved all this money.”
“Wow. Then where did it come from? Its a lot of money mother.”
“I know Jason. I truly don’t have any idea where all this money came from.”
Jason sat down on the couch and thought for a second. He looked at the check in his hand and stared at it for a long time. 
“I know where it came from mother. Dad used to rob banks before he met you and this money is probably some of the proceeds from it.”
“Who the hell told you that!” Paula’s voice raised two octaves. 
“Mother, it’s the truth. I found out after he was murdered.” Jason said softly.
“That fucking Rick!” Paula blurted out.
Jason was shocked to hear his mother cuss and looked at her strangely. 
“I’m sorry Jason. I never wanted you to know that about your father. I didn’t want you to see him in a negative light, but thanks to Rick…”
“No mother. Knowing that never made me think of dad negatively, it actually did the opposite. I will always hold him in the highest regards and will always look up to him and aspire to be a man just like he was.”
“I’m sorry I kept that from you Jason. I just wanted…”
“You don’t have to explain mother. What we should be concentrating on is what we’re going to do with all this money.”
“You’re absolutely right. I haven’t thought about it, it’s all so new. I mean, you pray for a financial windfall but when it comes unexpectedly it kinds of overwhelms you.”
“I know what you mean but I know what I’m going to do first. For beginners, I’m going to buy me a nice car and some nice suits. Then I’m going to look for a place for Michelle and I.”
Paula frowned when she heard Michelle’s name mentioned in Jason’s plans. 
“Wanting to splurge is a natural reaction but be sure that you manage your monies wisely Jason. I’m not going to tell you how to spend it but just exercise a little discretion.” Paula forced a smile. 
“Well what are you going to do with your money mother?”
“I haven’t really thought it out completely but I definitely want to purchase a home for us. Then maybe I’ll get a financial advisor and invest a little in stocks. That’s pretty much where I’m at with it. You should also consider getting a financial advisor.”
“Yes, I may do that as well. I’m going over to Michelle’s house and share this good news with her.”
“You think that’s a good idea. I mean you just found out yourself.” 
“We’re going to be together so there’s no reason for me to hide anything from her. We’ll be back later mother, for my birthday dinner.” Jason said heading for the door. 
“Ok, be careful baby.” Paula said as she walked Jason to the door.  



Chapter 26
Things Getting Better Now

“Hey Jason. You always surprising me.” Michelle sang as she hugged Jason’s neck and kissed his lips softly.
“Good afternoon honey. You know I love to surprise you.” Jason said smiling wide as he sauntered into the apartment. 
Michelle closed the door and followed Jason into the living room. 
“You want some lunch baby?”  
“No, thank you.” Jason responded sitting down on the love seat in the living room. 
“What’s going on Jason? You’re sitting over there smiling all hard and shit.” 
“Here...” Jason passed the envelope he retrieved from his breast pocket to Michelle, “…read this.” 
Michelle unfolded the letter and began reading. 
“Oh my God Jason! Is this real?” 
Jason pulled out the certified teller check and presented it to her.
“Oh shit! Baby we rich!” 
“I think so.” Jason said laughing as Michelle held the check as if it were a newborn and kissed it.
“This is great news baby. What we going to do with all this money?” 
“The first thing we’re going to do is go shopping, then we’ll sit down and figure out what we’re going to do next.” 
“Well, whatever you choose to do you know I’m with it. I just want to get a nice whip. I’m so excited. Are we going shopping now?”
“Yes, go get dressed. We’re going to go shopping and celebrate!”
“Ok, I’m going to get D.J. dressed and take him over to the neighbors while we go out.”
“You don’t have to Michelle. Bring him with us, he’s going to be a part of this too. He has to share in the celebration.”
“Ok, I’ll go get him dressed.” Michelle said running to Damian Jr.’s room.

***

“Mommy, mommy, mommy. I want that!” Damian Jr. pulled his mother’s hand pointing wildly to a remote control racing car in Toys R Us. 
“Come on buddy, let’s get you that car.” Jason said.
“YAY!” Damian Jr. screamed at the top of his lungs as he bolted into the entrance of the store. 
“Jason you are the greatest.” Michelle kissed him on his lips. 
“Anything for you and your baby. This is my family.” 
Damian Jr. ran up and down the aisles looking at all the toys in amazement. He pulled toys off the shelves as Jason and Michelle tried to keep up with him, laughing at his excitement. 
“Take this.” Jason pulled out a large bankroll and passed it to Michelle. “Get him whatever he wants. I’m going to the jewelry store and buy myself that watch we were looking at.” 
“Ok baby. After we finish up in here, meet us in the food court downstairs.”
“All right.” Jason said as he turned and left the store. 
After their shopping spree, the trio loaded all the shopping bags into the first big thing Jason bought for himself, a silver Mercedes Benz S500 and drove home to Michelle’s house.
When they got inside the apartment, Damian Jr. immediately went through the bags filled with toys as Michelle took her bags into her room. A strong sense of happiness overcame Jason as he watched Damian Jr. and visions of being a family entered his mind and he hoped he and Michelle would have a child of their own so their family would be complete. 
“How I look in this?” Michelle asked, strutting into the living room wearing a tight full body dress by Caroline Herrera. 
“Wow. You look beautiful.” Jason responded catching his breath. 
“You want to come see me try on the rest of the stuff I bought?” 
“I’m playing with Damian. Why don’t you just come out and model them for us?”
“I would but I have some stuff I bought from Vickie’s Secret and I want to model that for you in private.” Michelle winked her eye. 
“I’ll be right there.” Jason watched as she shook her ass all the way to the bedroom. 
Jason played with Damian for a while longer then set up the X Box video game system on the living room television to keep him busy while he went into the bedroom to watch the fashion show. Michelle was wearing a fire red see through thong set. The fabric brushed against her skin as she turned around so he could get a full body view. Jason immediately became aroused and stood at the door staring at her in awe. Michelle traced her hands over the curves of her hips as she swiveled them slowly. Jason licked his lips enjoying the show that was being performed for him. The tension was building in the room as Michelle bent down and shook her ass then pulled up the see through gown to expose her bareness. She palmed both cheeks then rubbed them gently, then quickly slapped them making them jiggle. The slit of the thong was invisible because it was buried between her ass cheeks. Jason moved closer to her while she was bent over and she peeked under her legs as he approached her like a snake about to strike. She giggled to herself and shook her ass some more then stood erect and moved over to the bed. She turned around and Jason was still coming towards her. He reached his hands out and grabbed her waist gently and she backed away from him. 
“No baby, we can’t. D.J. is in the living room.” 
“I know but I can’t help myself. It’s been so long since we’ve been intimate.” Jason replied as he released his hold on her.
“We can finish this later when he goes to bed. I promise.”
“I don’t think he’s going to go to bed anytime soon. It’s like Christmas in there for him.” Jason laughed. 
“I know, Santa Clause.” Michelle sat down on the bed and looked through some of the bags on the bed and pulled out another sexy lingerie set. “Jason?”
“Yes sweetheart.” Jason was panting like a thirsty canine.
“Can I have money to buy me a car?” Michelle purred. 
“Of course you can. We can go and look at some right now if you want.” 
“Ok. I always wanted a Lexus. Can I get a Lexus?”
“Whatever you want baby.” 
“I want a white one baby. Then I want to drive around ass naked so you can break me off in luxury and…”
“Oh man, I forgot. What time is it?” Jason looked down at the Rolex he had just purchased. 
“It’s 5:00. What’s wrong baby?”
“With all the excitement I forgot today is my birthday and my mother is having a dinner for me.” 
“Oh shit! I’m so sorry baby, with all that happened today I forgot too. Happy Birthday!” Michelle grabbed him around his neck and hugged him tightly. 
“I know, I forgot too and it’s my birthday.”
“I feel so bad. I’m sorry Jason.” 
“Forget it honey. It’s nothing serious. Look, put on one of those nice outfits you bought and get Damian dressed.” 
“You gonna take me and D.J. to your mom’s crib? Did you tell her that you were going to bring us? I don’t want no problems with your mom’s Jason. You know she don’t like me.”
“Don’t worry about it. She invited you.” 
“Oh really? That’s hard to believe.” 
“She knows I love you Michelle and she has no choice but to accept it. We are going to be a family.”
“I want that Jason. I need that.”
“And you will get that.” Jason held her hand is his gently. 
“I’m sure she knows about your money. What did she have to say about it?”
“It’s our money and I’m going to take care of you and D.J.”
Jason leaned into her and kissed her softly on her lips and embraced her warmly. 
“I love you Jason.” She whispered in his ear. 
“And I love you too Michelle.”

***

Paula was in her room looking at herself in the mirror. The black evening gown clung to her and stopped short of her knees. It covered her voluptuous body snug, conforming to the shape of her supple breasts and the curves of her wide hips. Her thick thighs were toned all the way down to her sculpted calves that were bare since she opted not to wear any sheer stockings to accentuate the beautiful bronze color of her skin. Her hair was pulled up in a bun showcasing her slender neck and the cultured pearls added extravagance to the evening gown she was wearing. She turned around in the mirror and peeked over her shoulder admiring the shape of her still round and firm robust ass. She blew herself a kiss in the mirror then retreated into the dining room to prepare the table. 
She was putting the steaming food in large rectangular glass bowls and placing them on serving trays when she heard the door buzzer. Peering down at her watch she realized it was time for her guests to start arriving. She pressed the door release button on the hallway wall then unlocked her front door and immediately went back to setting the dining room table. There was knocking on the front door and Paula yelled from the kitchen, “It’s open.” 
“Where is everybody at?” she heard the male voice. 
“You’re the first one here. I’m in the kitchen.” 
The refrigerator door was open when Rick entered the kitchen. Paula was bending down, her head inside the refrigerator as she reached for something on the bottom rack. Her ass shook and jiggled as she struggled to free a wine bottle that was stuck behind a large tub of Parkay butter. 
Rick ogled the wobbling rump then asked, “You need help with that?”
Paula stood up and turned around. 
“Oh shit. Paula?” 
“Yes. Who do you think would be in my refrigerator?” she said facing Rick with the bottle of wine in her hand.
“I don’t know but I know I ain’t expect to see you dressed like that. What’s up with that dress?” Rick asked pointing at her.
“What do you mean? What’s wrong with my dress?”
“Ain’t nothing wrong with it. It’s just not something I never seen you wear. It’s all tight and shit.”  
“Please Rick.” Paula brushed pass him as he moved out of her way. “I’m guessing Jason called you and told you about his birthday dinner?”
“Yea, he told me. That’s why I’m here.” Rick replied still staring at her ass. 
“You’re the first one here so have a seat in the living room. Would you like some hor d'oeuvres or something to drink?”
“Yea. But do you got anything harder than that sweet ass shit you got in your hand?”
“I have homemade punch, red wine, and Zinfadel.”
“You don’t have nothing stronger than that? I need something that’ll get me twisted.”
“You can help yourself to whatever is at the bar.”
Rick went over to the bar in the living room and looked at the selection then picked a bottle of White Hennessy then poured himself a glass. 
“Ay Paula. You still ain’t tell me what’s up with that tight ass dress you wearing.”
“Please leave me alone about that Rick. You don’t have anything else to talk about other than my dress?” Paula yelled from inside the dining room. 
“Not really because that’s what caught my attention. You must have a man or something. Is that what it is?”
“I am not going to discuss my personal life with you Rick.” 
“That must be a yes.” 
“It’s a mind your business.” 
“Whatever Paula. Anyway, what’s good with my nephew? I ain’t hear from that dude in a minute.”
“He’s doing well. He’s about to graduate with his bachelor’s degree in Chemistry.” 
“I expected nothing less.” Rick said taking a large gulp of his drink.
“I hope once he graduates he gets rid of that no count girlfriend of his.” 
“I hope you not talking about that broad from the strip club.” Rick said as he poured himself another drink.
“I knew I wasn’t wrong about her. She’s no good for my Jason!” 
“I don’t know if she still works in a strip club ‘cause last time I saw her, she said she was in college. That’s how I found out that she was fucking with Jason. I didn’t know he was fucking with that hoe like that. He never told me but I’ma tell you something though, she suspect. I know that for a fact.” 
Paula rushed into the living room and looked at Rick.
“What do you mean she’s suspect?”
“I mean, she not to be trusted. She with him for a reason, I don’t know what exactly but I know her type, you know what I mean?”
“I think I understand but please explain what you mean in detail Rick.”
“She a gutter broad looking for a come up from a square ass trick and that’s what my nephew is to her.”
“She’s using my Jason.”
“Fo’ sho. And I know she used that mean ass head game to fuck him up.” 
“Are you serious?” 
“As a heart transplant.” Rick gulped the remainder of his drink. “She’s driven by that almighty dollar.”
Paula cringed hearing Rick’s statement knowing Jason just came into a large sum of money. Once Jason told her of his financial change she would be sure to dig her claws deeper into him. 
“Rick have you told this to Jason?”
“Nah, I told you I ain’t hear from him since I saw that broad. She probably got the little muthafucka brainwashed, you know what I’m saying?”
“If you really know for a fact that this girl is using my son for financial gain, I’m going to need your help. He knows I don’t care for her but hearing this from you may make the difference.”
“I tried to school him about those type of broads years ago when he graduated from high school but I guess he wasn’t paying attention. She a freak.” Rick chuckled.
The doorbell buzzed and Paula went to the door to let some more of her guests in. She and Rick had to end their conversation about Jason and Michelle so she could entertain her company. 
Two hours passed and Jason still hadn’t arrived. Paula was about to call him but before she could dial the numbers she heard a key in the door. She walked into the hallway and as the door opened Jason walked through with a young boy and Michelle in tow. 
“The birthday boy finally arrives.” Paula said with a wide smile on her face. 
“Sorry I’m late mother.”  
“And who is this handsome young boy you have with you?” 
“This is Michelle’s son Damian.” Jason looked down at little Damian, “Say hi D.J. This is my mother Mrs. Buchanan.” 
Damian Jr. looked up at Paula and shyly waved his little hand at her. 
“Oh my, he’s such a cute little boy.” 
Michelle stepped from behind Jason and spoke. 
“Hi, Mrs. Buchanan.” 
“Hi Michelle. Nice to see you again.” Paula said with great difficulty. 
Jason grabbed Michelle’s hand and led her into the living room where he was greeted with, “Happy Birthday!” from all the guests. When he saw his uncle Rick he immediately ran over to him and they both embraced with a strong, loving hug. 
“Damn nephew! It’s been a minute since I seen you. You done shot up and tall as me now.” Rick said as he observed his nephew’s height and facial appearance. “I see your goatee came all the way through and connected.” Rick grabbed his wrist and studied the watch closely. “That’s a nice timepiece you got on your wrist nephew. Is that a Rollie?”
“Yes, uncle Rick. It’s a Rolex.” Jason responded proudly. 
“Get the fuck outta here. That joint costs a grip!”
Jason laughed then greeted the rest of the guests with hugs and thanked the ones that had given him gifts. After proudly introducing Michelle as his girlfriend, he found her and Damian a seat in the living room then went into the kitchen. 
Rick freshened his drink then made his way over to Michelle. 
Rick took a seat next to her and leaned over then whispered in her ear. “Now you know it’s rude to come into someone’s house and not speak.” 
“You’re right. I just don’t want no problems with nobody.” Michelle whispered back, a smirk etched on her face. 
“What kind of problems you talking ‘bout?” Rick asked slyly. 
“Come on now Rick, this isn’t the place or the time ok.”
“I was just saying you were being rude by not speaking when you came in.” 
“Ok, hi Rick. Feel better? Now will you leave me alone?” Michelle rolled her eyes.
“What’s with all the attitude?” Rick’s grin was one sided.
“I don’t have no attitude. I’m just not in the mood for any shit Rick so please just leave me alone. I’m here with Jason and I don’t want no problems.” Michelle hissed in a low tone.
“What kind of problems you don’t want?” Rick was eyeing her bustline. “You don’t want your shit exposed huh? You the one that took my money right?” Rick’s speech was slightly slurred from all the alcohol he’d consumed. 
“Don’t try and play me while I’m here with Jason muthafucka!” Michelle looked around the room then lowered her voice. “Why you doing this now?”
“What? You think I’m gonna tell my nephew you still turning tricks for money.”   
“Why would you do some dumb shit like that? Huh Rick? Why? You such a fucked up muthafucka. You the one that kept coming up to my school offering me money and shit. I never went looking for you.” Michelle was seething but kept a crooked smile on her face so the guests would not see her disdain for Rick. 
“Doesn’t matter that you wasn’t looking for me. You woulda found me or another muthafucka either way because I had what you was looking for. So don’t act like you was forced to take my bread.” 
“Look Rick. I only did what I did because you kept pushing your money in my face and at one point in time I really needed it. Once I got my job all that shit ended so don’t act like I pressed you for anything.” 
Rick laughed low in his throat, “Try that mind game shit with somebody else Magic. Don’t act like you didn’t enjoy me piping your box out because long after you got that bullshit job you was still calling me to come smash you out ‘cause my nephew wasn’t coming through enough to satisfy that wet pussy of yours.” 
“I fucking hate you Rick! I swear to God!” Michelle whispered through clenched teeth. 
“Ain’t no need to hate me, hate yaself.” Rick stood up, brushed his pants with both hands then leaned into Michelle and whispered into her left ear, “You don’t have to worry ‘bout me blowing your spot to my nephew. I’m a G. I respect the code and wouldn’t hurt my nephew like that anyway, even though I told him about your type from day one.” 
“Fuck you Rick!” Michelle said and turned around in her chair giving Rick her back.
“Damn right. Fuck Rick ‘cause he love some wet pussy.” Rick chuckled then wobbled over to the bar.
Jason was in the kitchen leaning on the counter talking with his mother. He was filling her in about the things he had bought so far with his money and the plans he had for his and Michelle’s future. Paula listened in awe and tried her best to hold back from expressing what she thought. He looked so happy telling her his plans and she was dreading ruining his happiness but it was a burden she was willing to carry to ensure he didn’t make the worst mistake of his life. She’d been there for him through his worst times and this would be no different. As he continued talking without pause, Rick walked into the kitchen and she could tell he had ingested one drink too many and sucked her teeth.  
“Are you ok Rick?” she asked. 
“I’m great. Just wanna tell my nephew that I’m proud of him.” His speech was indistinct. 
“Thanks uncle Rick.”  
“I’m really proud of you nephew. You really turned out to be a good looking dude.” Rick smiled, “That Buchanan DNA is the best kept secret. You gotta make sure you keep your eyes peeled for those snakes nephew, keep your grass cut low so you can see the head before they strike. You gotta be careful they’ll try and take you for everything you got.” 
Jason looked down at his watch, “You talking about my watch uncle Rick? Don’t worry, I’ll only wear it on special occasions like today.” 
“I wasn’t talking ‘bout the watch but you do have to be careful with that joint too ‘cause that’s a good come up for a muthafucka that’s doing bad. I’m surprised you could afford that shit anyway, I know that shit had to run about…”
“It’s his birthday slash graduation gift from me.” Paula interrupted to avoid Jason from telling Rick about the money his brother had left them. “I believe every man should have a nice watch.” 
Rick looked at her with unbelieving eyes then sucked his teeth as he rocked back and forth on his heels. 
“Ok sure. Now I’m boo boo the fool. Ay nephew, I don’t know how you copped that but it’s definitely a nice piece of jewelry, just be careful when you wearing it.” Rick turned and walked back into the living room. 
“Jason, I need to tell you something and I don’t think it can wait.”
“Is it about Michelle and I mother?”
“Well yes. I know you may think this isn’t the right time but I think it’s something that can’t wait, under the circumstances.”
“What circumstances mother? It has almost been four years and we’re still together. What more proof do you need that she really loves me?” Jason exhaled deeply. “I know you don’t approve of our relationship but there’s nothing you can say to me about her that will change how I feel.” Jason shoulders hung low and the blissful spirit he once felt disappeared. 
“I don’t want to change how you feel about her Jason, I want you to open your mind to the realities of your relationship. There are some things that I know and think you should know too.”
“Aww come on mother. Don’t do that. What could you possibly know about Michelle? You haven’t even tried to develop a relationship with her, you’ve never held a conversation with her over the years to even have a candid opinion on her. The problem you have with her is that you don’t believe she’s good enough for me. But you’re wrong, she is. She has proven her love and loyalty to me numerous times.”
“Jason you know I love you and would never tell you anything to hurt you intentionally. I have always supported anything that you’ve done but this is something I am very sure about. You have to trust me on this one baby. You have to believe that this girl means you no good. She has ulterior motives Jason.”
Jason turned to walk out of the kitchen, “I don’t want to have this conversation anymore mother. Please.”
“Wait Jason.” Paula grabbed his arm gently as he half turned to her, “You can ask your uncle Rick, he’s the one that confirmed my suspicions.” 
Jason pulled away from her, “Uncle Rick? When did you start listening to anything he has to say? You dislike her so much that you will believe what uncle Rick says? What did he tell you about her?
“He said she’s still prostituting.” 
“When did he tell you this?”
Paula looked down to the tiled floors in the kitchen then rose her head up slowly, “He told me this tonight, right before the guests arrived.”
“He told you this tonight? Was he already drunk when he told you this? Were you searching so hard for something on her that you went to uncle Rick?” Jason shook his head in disappointment then turned to leave but before he walked out the kitchen he added, “I bet if I looked deep enough I could find a thousand things wrong with Louis but you know what mother, I wouldn’t do that because I know how you feel about him. I love that you’ve found someone that makes you happy, why can’t you be happy for me in the same way?” Jason smoothed out his hair with the palm of his right hand, “I want you to accept our relationship but if you can’t it will not change the inevitable.” He walked out the kitchen. 
All the guests had eaten and the wine bottles were nearly empty. The soft music playing through the speakers had sparked some of the guests to get up and start dancing. Rick had turned on the stereo because he had his sights on one of Paula’s neighbors who acted like she was looking to have a good time. While they danced to a slow song, Rick caressed her soft curves in hopes of enticing her to leave with him at the end of the night. He was about to make his move when the music stopped abruptly. 
“Excuse me.” Jason waved his hand as he turned the volume down. “Can I have everyone’s attention for just a moment please? I want to take this time out to thank you all for coming tonight and to let you know that I truly appreciate the love and support you guys have shown me over the years.” Paula came to the entrance of the living room when she heard Jason speaking.
“As you all know, today is my birthday. I turned 21 today and what it means to me is that I am legally recognized as an adult but more importantly it means that I’m a man. Over the years I’ve faced many obstacles and trying situations but I’ve had people in my life that guided me through those rough times and I want to personally thank them now and let them know that I love them with every part of my heart.” Jason looked over to where his mother was standing and smiled lovingly then winked his eye at Rick, who had his arms wrapped around his lovely conquest. “I know there is more for me to face and I can only hope and pray I will still have the same unrelenting support from them. I want to thank my beautiful mother, Paula Buchanan, my uncle Rick, and my beautiful girlfriend Michelle, for keeping me grounded and focused throughout this tough journey. I also want to give a special thanks to the man who I have tried to pattern my life after, my father Ronald Buchanan. Although he is not here with me physically, his spirit lives in me and has pulled me through some of the darkest and roughest times in my life. He was a great man, a great father, and great provider. I dedicate all I do, who I am, and all I will accomplish to his memory.” All the guests clapped their hands and gave heartfelt nods.
Rick walked over to Jason and slapped him five then pulled him in for a bear hug. Paula’s eyes glistened as she took steps to give her son an embrace but stopped when she saw he turned to Michelle. 
   “Michelle.” Jason bent down and kissed her passionately on her lips. “I love you for all you have done for me. I’ve been sure of a lot of things but I’m positive about what I want with you.” Jason got down on one knee and grabbed Michelle’s left hand in his. “Michelle, I want to share my life and world with you. Will you accept my hand in marriage?” 
Paula’s mouth dropped open in shock and shook her head left to right slowly as she backpedaled out of the living room. Rick, in his drunken state, laughed out loud. 
Jason pulled out a red velvet box, opened it, then presented it to Michelle. The gleaming six-carat flawless canary yellow diamond solitaire seemed to illuminate the room as everyone looked on in amazement. Paula palmed her forehead and lowered her head in disbelief. Everyone in the room snaked their necks to get a look at the massive diamond engagement ring and gasped at the size. 
“Yes! Yes! Yes!” Michelle screamed, startling young Damian, who was squirming on her lap. 
Jason removed the ring from where it was perched in the box and placed the ring on her finger then hugged and kissed her passionately amongst cheers from everyone in the room. Paula ran out of the living room visibly disgusted. Rick laughed sinisterly and kept shaking his head. After all the congratulations, Jason searched the room for his mother and was about to go to the back to find her. Michelle grabbed his arm, “When did you get this?”
“I got it today when I went to get the watch.” He smiled and kissed her again on her soft lips. 
“You are so sneaky.” Michelle laughed. “I love you so much baby.” 
“I love you too Michelle, until my last breath.” 
“How much did this cost baby?” Michelle asked holding her hand out and admiring the shining stone.
“It was $21,000.00.” 
Michelle covered her mouth, “Oh my God! That’s a lot of money baby.”
“I can’t put a price on our love Michelle, there is no amount of money to equal the love I have for you.” 
The women began surrounding the couple trying to get a closer look at the ring on Michelle’s finger. As they hoarded over Michelle, Jason slid off to find his mother. He knocked on her bedroom door then slowly opened it to find his mother face down on her bed. 
“Mother.” Jason said in a low voice as he approached the foot of her bed. “I don’t want you to think I did this behind your back and I planned on telling you tonight to get your blessing but after our talk I just knew you wouldn’t give it to me. I’m sorry.” 
Paula turned over and swung her legs over the side of the bed as she sat upright. The whites of her eyes were crimson and her cheeks were moist from the hot tears that had been wiped with her hands. She looked at Jason and although she spoke in a low tone her hurt and disappointment was amplified. 
“Jason, you are making such a huge mistake doing this. I can feel it in my guts.”
“You’re wrong mother. Why can’t you just be happy for us, why?” Jason’s eyes were pleading. 
“I love you Jason but I just can’t accept this.”
“But why mother? What has Michelle done to you to make you hate her so?” 
“It’s not what she has done, it’s what she’s going to do. She does not love you for what you believe she does. She’s using you baby. Please Jason, think about what I’m saying, I’m sure you can see the signs. Talk to your uncle Rick, ask him, he’ll tell you the same thing.” 
“It doesn’t matter what he says because he doesn’t know anymore than you do. This is my life and she’s going to be my wife mother, we’re going to get married regardless of what you and uncle Rick think. I want you to be there but if you’re not, I’ll understand.” Jason sucked his teeth. “I wonder if uncle Rick told you the same thing about Louis would you believe him.” Jason grabbed the doorknob and pulled the door close behind him.
Michelle was still showing off her ring to the guests when Jason came into the dining room. She looked up at him and could read the expression on his face. 
“Get D.J. ready so we can go.” Jason said flatly.
“What’s wrong baby?” Michelle asked sliding her arm around his waist. 
“I’ll tell you later, let’s just go.”
“Ok.” Michelle quickly gathered D.J. and his belongings then bid everyone goodbye and followed behind Jason. 
Rick grabbed Jason by his wrist and gave him a concerned look. 
“Not now uncle Rick. I need to get out of here.” Jason’s look was cold. 
“Ok nephew. Give me a call, I need to holla at you on the real.” Rick said releasing his grip and looking at a smiling Michelle. 
Jason opened the front door and held it open for Michelle and D.J. to exit and took one look back at his mother who was standing in her bedroom doorway looking at him with tear soaked eyes. He closed the door behind him slowly feeling like he lost a vital connection with his mother because he chose Michelle. 


Chapter 27
No More Games

“You haven’t said two words since we left your house. I know something happened between you and your moms. You feel like talking about it?” Michelle asked Jason after putting DJ to bed.
Jason walked to the window and spoke unconsciously. “No one understands how much I love you Michelle. You are such an important part of my life and I want to spend the rest of my days with you.” Jason turned and looked at Michelle who was sitting on the love seat looking at him. “I want to make sure you know that, no matter what happens.”
“What did your moms say Jason? Did she know you were going to propose to me?”
“No. I didn’t tell her. I didn’t know I was going to do it until I found out about the money my father left me today.”
“You think that’s what upset her? Maybe she mad because you didn’t tell her.”
Jason stooped down and took both Michelle’s hands in his, “She doesn’t believe you love me. She is convinced that you are no good for me and that I made a mistake.”
Michelle was about to say something in protest but Jason put his finger to her lips, “I know you love me Michelle, I can feel it deep inside of me. It doesn’t matter what she says or what my uncle Rick thinks…”
Michelle moved his finger from her lips, “What do you mean what Rick thinks? Did he tell her something about me? Baby, don’t believe shit that Rick says, he’s just like your moms, he wants to break us up!” 
“Don’t worry, no matter what they or anyone else says or thinks its’ not going to change what we have planned. I know everything will be fine once we get married.” Jason stood up then pulled Michelle up and hugged her tight. “How fast do you want to get married?” 
“I don’t know. I mean, there’s so much to do…or did you take care of that too?” Michelle smiled. 
“No, I didn’t plan our wedding.” Jason laughed heartily. “I’m going to leave that up to you. You can plan it as big as you like, it’s your day.” 
“I’m so excited!” Michelle looked down at the ring on her finger briefly then slowly back at Jason. “How much do you want to spend on it baby?”
“Don’t worry about cost baby, just plan it, you’ll have more than enough money to do it.” 
“Well, I don’t want to overspend baby. Just give me a ballpark figure and I’ll take it from there.” 
“How does $30,000 sound?” 
Michelle gasped then swallowed.
“I don’t know what to say Jason. This is happening so fast and…”
“Are you having second thoughts?” Jason’s eyebrows rose and his forehead wrinkled slightly. 
“No, not at all. It’s just like a dream to me, I want this and I want it with you.” Michelle stated quickly. “When do you want me to start planning?” 
“As soon as tomorrow if you like. We can open a joint bank account tomorrow and I’ll deposit the money into it, this way you can spend at your own discretion.” 
“Oh my God. I’m going to be so busy, I have to go to different bridal shops and I have to find a wedding planner to help me. Are you going to be here to run me around?” 
“Well, I’m going back to school Monday. I’m going to really have to concentrate on my finals because I need to graduate at the top of my class so I can secure a position where I’m interning. The starting pay is $65,000 a year so money is not going to be a problem for us.”
“Ok, I guess I can manage. Maybe you can run me around on the weekends then.” 
“Why don’t we buy you that vehicle you want tomorrow so you can do all your running around?” 
“Really Jason?” Michelle placed her right hand onto her left breast and closed her eyes. “You the best daddy. I want a Lexus ES300? It don’t have to be a up to date one.” 
Jason smiled, “Of course baby.” 
Michelle hugged Jason’s neck tightly then planted wet kisses all over his face as she thanked him in between. 
When she was done, Jason held her at arm’s length and stared deeply into her eyes. “We’re going to be a family Michelle and I plan on taking care of you and DJ just like how my father...” Jason suddenly dropped his head to his chest. 
“What is it baby?” Michelle asked with concern. 
“The first time in my life I’m really happy and my mother is not a part of it. It hurts because I want to be like my father, I want to be the father and man he never had the chance to be to me. I never envisioned doing this without my mother’s blessing.” Jason lifted his head up and tears were falling freely from his eyes. 
“Aww baby.” Michelle rubbed his back, “She’ll come around.” 
“I’m not so sure. We have never had such a big disagreement before now. I have to find a way to fix this. I need to go back over there and talk with her to see if I can get her to understand that I’m doing the right thing.” Jason wiped his face with the palms of his hands. 
Michelle’s cell phone began to vibrate. She looked down at the number and sent it straight to voice mail then interlocked her fingers in his hands and pulled him close to her. Her head lay flat against his chest gently and she slowly looked up at him and kissed his chin softly.
“Jason, I know you got a lot on your mind and so much has happened but me and you are meant to be. You’re not making a mistake with me, please don’t let nobody talk you out of this. This rock on my finger is proof of how much you love me and I said yes because I want the same things you want.” Michelle stepped back from Jason. “So when you go over there please don’t forget how much we mean to each other. I want to have your last name.”   
“Thanks baby. I’m going to get ready to leave so I can talk to her. I’ll be back later.” 
“Ok baby. I’ll be here waiting. I’m going to go take a bath.” Michelle kissed him on his lips and skipped down the hall to the bathroom. “Oh, why don’t you take my keys with you. It’s on the nightstand in my room.” Michelle yelled to him before closing the bathroom door. 
Jason went into the room and flopped down on the queen size bed. The plaster on the ceiling had yellow water spots and was peeling as his mind drifted to thoughts of his new life with Michelle. He had to find a way to prove to his mother that she was wrong about Michelle but he couldn’t think of anything. He knew life held no guarantees on his happiness but what guarantees did life give? 
He knocked on the bathroom door to let Michelle know he was about to leave. 
“Ok baby. Be careful and remember I love you.” She yelled from inside.
When Jason reached downstairs he slowly walked to the parking lot where his new luxury vehicle was parked. He searched his pockets for the unique Benz key and not finding it he went back to retrieve it from Michelle’s house. He put the key in the lock and turned the key and as he entered the apartment he walked into the living room and looked for his car key then went into the bedroom. He found it on the carpeted floor and picked it up then walked to the bathroom to let Michelle know he had left his key. The door was ajar slightly and he could see her silhouette as he approached the door. He was about to push it open but heard her talking on the phone and stopped. 
“No, not tonight.” Michelle said then paused.
“I do love you but you have to wait until Monday.” She paused again. 
“I know, I miss you too and I feel the same way.”  Pause. 
“I thought about it and I’m ready but let me tell you something, I don’t want a repeat of what used to be because I’ll be out.”  
“Well it won’t be much longer. I know a lot of our problems came from not having money and all that is about change so I know we should be good. But I promise you Damian, if you ever put your hands on me again, I’m gone for good. I’m doing this because I still love you and I want my family back.” 
“I love you too Damian.”

***

Jason pulled up in front of his mother’s building and parked his car. He gripped the steering wheel so tight his knuckles turned white then he screamed pulling the steering wheel back and forth towards him. His chest heaved as his breathing got heavy and his eyes bulged. His eyebrows furrowed and his pupils began to dilate. He balled his fists and punched the roof of the car numerous times then closed his eyes tightly and when they reopened, calm blanketed him. He grabbed the silver handle and pushed open the car door planting his left foot on the asphalt firmly then stepping out the vehicle slowly. He shut the door and unbuttoned the two top buttons on his shirt and pulled his pants down a little off his waist. He patted his shirt and pants pockets with both hands then looked up the block and walked to the bodega on the corner. He went inside and purchased three loose cigarettes placing one in his mouth and leaned over the counter as the man behind the register flicked a lighter. He sucked on the Newport and the tip turned red as the tobacco filtered nicotine into his lungs. He blew the smoke out in a steady stream then left the store, a smooth bop added to his walk while he made his way back to the car. Once in front of the car he leaned on the hood and stared up at the clear starlit night as he finished his cigarette. His forehead wrinkled at a thought he had and he flicked the cigarette into the street then strolled over to the driver’s side and was about to get in when he heard loud voices behind him. He turned around to see his uncle Rick staggering out of his mother’s building with the same woman he was dancing with earlier at his party. Rick noticed him and stumbled over to the car.
“Nephew? Is that you nephew?” Rick asked squinting. He turned to the woman he was with, “Wait a minute baby.” 
“What’s good unc?” 
“I know that ain’t your five you ‘bout to get in?” Rick stared at the S500 Benz then back at his nephew.
“Yea man, you see it. Paid in full too. You always said to treat yaself when you got it, well I got it now, plentiful too.”  
Rick leaned his head to the left while the woman he was with held him up by intertwining her arm in his. He turned to her and pointed his finger in Jason’s direction.
“That’s my muthafuckin’ nephew, look at him.” Rick turned his attention back to him, “I ain’t mad atcha nephew. I love this shit! I love it!”
Rick stepped over to where his nephew was standing and grabbed onto his shoulder then turned to the woman and winked at her. 
“I need to talk to my nephew for one minute ok baby then we out.” He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out the keys to his vehicle and tossed them to her “Take these ‘cause I can’t drive any fuckin’ way. I’ll fuck around and wrap us around a pole ‘fore we get to our destination so it’s best you handle the wheel baby. I’m parked over there on the corner.” 
The woman picked the keys up off the ground and swayed as she walked away towards Rick’s car. 
Rick sauntered over to the passenger side of the Benz, holding on the trunk for support, and pulled on the handle, “Let me sit in some of this luxury.” He flopped down onto the soft leather and stretched his hands out in front of him. “Damn, this shit roomy as a muthafucka. I can do some thangs in here.” He snickered. 
“Ay nephew, you aiight?” Rick asked feeling the dash with his hands.
“Yea unc, I’m great. Why you ask?” 
Rick suddenly straightened up in his seat. “You left outta your own party fast as a muthafucka and when I tried to stop you, you brushed me off.” Rick peered up at Jason, his eyes narrowed, “I ain’t mad though because I figured you had a lot on your head after that shit you pulled in the crib. Now you know I ain’t neva lie to you and I ain’t been wrong about shit I been telling you over the years so I hope you’ll listen to what I’m about to tell you.” He cut his eye at Jason. “I think you made a mistake with that broad nephew. She cool to fuck around with but she definitely not wifey material. I didn’t even know you was still fucking her after that night we freaked out.” Rick shook his head. “She a snake, can’t you see her fangs? She looking for a come up and on top of that, I don’t think she got love for you the way you do for her. I’m only telling you this because I don’t want to see you lose everything behind that broad and excuse me for saying this but a hoe is a hoe is a hoe.” Rick laughed snidely and when he looked at his nephew he was staring back at him strangely. “You hear me Jason?” 
“I hear you and I ain’t making that hoe wifey, Jason ass is!”
Rick gaped at his nephew in bewilderment. “What you just said nephew?”
“Man unc, that stupid muthafucka just found out that bitch still fucking with her ex and plotting on him.” 
“Hold on, I know I ain’t that drunk. You losing me man.” 
“Aiight listen unc. Jason just found out that bitch still fucking with her ex, the same muthafucka that ballooned his eye and stomped him out.”
“Wait, wait, wait! That’s not what I’m talking ‘bout. Why you keep saying Jason like you talking ‘bout somebody else. What you mean by that?” 
“Oh, my bad unc. I’m Bunz.” 
Rick shook his head left to right, “What the fuck you talking about nephew? I must be buggin’! Who the fuck is Bunz?”
“Ok let me try and explain it to you real quick unc ‘cause I got business to handle. It’s like this, Jason calls on me when he having problems and I handles it for him.”
“Huh?” Rick was scratching his head. “Stop. You not Jason?” Rick pointed to Bunz. “You telling me your name is Bunz?”
“Yea.” 
“Then where the fuck is my nephew!” 
“He here.” 
“Fuck outta here. Jason, Jason, Jason.” Rick yelled searching Bunz’ eyes. “What the fuck is going on!”
“I’m trying to tell you unc, just listen. When Jason left her crib he forgot the keys to the whip and went back to get it and when he got inside he overheard the bitch talking to her baby pops on the phone. She planning on bouncing with his bum ass after she get that gwap from ol’ Jason boy. But you wanna know the crazy shit? Instead of stepping to that bitch and mum rocking her, this slow ass muthafucka sneaks outta the crib like a fucking cat burglar. He tissue paper unc, no fucking backbone. Then he wanna come over here sulking and crying over that slimeball!” 
Rick’s bottom jaw was hanging and his expression was one of shock as he tried to digest what he was seeing and hearing coming out of his nephew’s mouth. 
“Unc, I see you having a hard time understanding. It’s like this, I been holding Jason down since our pops murder. I been the one making sure that whoever fucked with him got dealt with, straight like that!”
“You trying to tell me you and Jason is the same person?”
“Fuck no! We different. Jason soft. We just share the same vessel, I’m nothing like that dude. I’m more like you and my pops.”
“Your pops?”
“Yea my pops, your brother, Ronald. Jason not built like us, I be wondering how me and him could be brothers ‘cause he don’t act like he got Buchanan genes.” Bunz half smiled. “I know you a little fucked up but you hearing me right.” Bunz snickered. “Jason’s pussy, he full of cotton, you know that unc. He just a brainiac with no heart. He a twinkie, soft and cushy on the inside.”  
Rick blinked slowly trying to focus on his nephew. 
“Jason is in there somewhere right?” Rick asked grabbing Bunz by his shoulders and shaking him gently. 
“Yea he here unc. He only call on me when he can’t handle pressure.” Bunz pulled out a loose cigarette. “Let me get a light unc.” 
Rick fumbled for a lighter in his front pocket and slowly handed it to Bunz then watched in shock as his nephew lit the cigarette and blew out smoke through his nose and mouth. Rick was temporarily speechless. 
“You not trippin’ unc. You been know Jason ain’t built for no drama. You hear how he talks, always wanting to avoid beef and shit. Who you think was handling shit when he was getting picked on in school?”  
Rick looked at him wide eyed but listened intently. 
“You remember the day you saw him running from some chump in high school? He was so embarrassed you peeped it. When he told you and you went to go after the kid he was all worried you would get in trouble because of him so he called on me and I straightened it out for him. Homie never fucked with him after that either.”  
Rick scratched his head, “I remember that day. I went after that young dude but he hauled ass in the school and the security guards wouldn’t let me in. When I got back to the car you was gone and when you came back you said you went to the bathroom.”
Bunz laughed sinisterly, “I did go to the bathroom. I splattered homeboy’s skull while I was in there. I washed him up something decent too. I told Jason that muthafucka was a bitch and he still didn’t believe me after that workout I put on him. The same thing happened when them dudes took his bags. That muthafucka should be a track star instead of a chemist, you know what I’m sayin’ unc? After you busted him doing the 100-yard dash again he was tight so he summoned my services once again. I broke the kid up real bad and made sure he knew I was with Jason so him and his man’s wouldn’t fuck with him again.”
“So you the one that handled that shit with the guys that branded you?” Rick asked.
Bunz threw the cigarette down and buried it into the cement with such force that the butt disintegrated under the weight of his shoe. 
“Those muthafuckas ain’t brand me! They did that shit to Jason’s punk ass! See that shit right there is why I did that devil the way I did him. Jason thought when he got to college shit was gonna be different but I told him he couldn’t sleep on nobody, I told him he had to toughen up, especially after he got whipped out in the building by that bitch’s baby pops. He didn’t call on me then because he ain’t want her to know how I get down but when that shit popped off with his roommate he came calling.” Bunz showed a one sided smile. “I couldn’t get all the muthafuckas that was down with it so his roommate had to pay for all of them! I did him real dirty. You know how that one ended unc but Jason played his part too, that’s all I’m gonna say about that.” Bunz gritted his teeth. 
“Oh shit, so you the one that murked him?” 
“Hold on unc, I ain’t off that dude. He offed himself and Jason the one that mixed the dope with some chemical shit he be using in school. All I did was administer the medicine.” Bunz laughed again. 
“You gave him some bad dope? Where you get the dope from?” 
Bunz eyes lowered, “I got the dope from one of your workers.” 
“So you laced the dope and gave it to the white boy and he overdosed?”  
“Yea, pretty much. I kept him in this abandoned warehouse down in Soho like two days and shot him up with  mad bags of dope and then left him with two of the bags Jason laced.” 
“This shit is crazy. I can’t believe what I’m hearing.” 
“Believe it unc and I ain’t bullshitting either. Truth be told, the only reason the white boy got it the way he did was because of that bitch Magic. I told him to let me handle her baby pops when he was pistol whipping and stomping him out but he didn’t want the hoe to see me put in work, he was worried about what she was going to think. It’s like he chose her over me and I’m his fucking brother!” Bunz bit his bottom lip. “I told him he was gonna need me again and he swore he wasn’t gonna call on me no more but I promised if he did I was going to make the next muthafucka pay dearly. And that’s what I plan on doing now!” 
“So he hid you from everybody, nobody knew you existed, not even Paula?”
“Nah, he kept me hidden like I’m a secret and that’s what pisses me off. I told him mom’s would understand, shit I’m her son too. She always looked out for his punk ass so you know she would understand.” Bunz half laughed, “Check this lame shit out. Can you believe that before this clown found out what Magic was up to, he was on his way over here to ask moms, once again, to accept that hoe once and for all or he was cutting all ties? Is that muthafucka stupid or what unc?
Rick looked up at the night sky briefly then looked at Bunz, “Look Bunz, let me talk to Jason right quick just so I can…”
“Nah unc. No disrespect but he licking his wounds and pouting. I’m not letting him out no more ‘cause he fucking everything up. You know this dumb fuck plan on giving that dirty bitch about thirty stacks and cop her a whip?”
Rick’s jaw dropped. “Are you serious? Why the fuck would he do that?”
“To show her he trusts her. He’s an ass and I’m not letting that shit go down. He trying so hard to be like pops and have the family we never had. I keep telling him pops wouldn’t do no shit like what he tryin’ to do. Pops was a G!” 
“I’m gonna have to agree with you on that.” Rick smirked.
“True story unc. There’s no doubt about it and I’m just like him, that shit is in my DNA but Jason, I just don’t know, he’s a straight coward.” 
Rick nodded his head slowly. “Come on let me talk with Jason real quick to make sure he aiight. You know what I mean?”
“I hear you unc but I told you if I let you speak to him now he might try and throw a monkey wrench in my shit and I can’t let him do that. You know what I’m sayin’? I’m ‘bout to take care of that slimy bitch and her pimp before she cash in on the check this dickhead gonna give her.”
“You talking like you already got the shit planned out.” Rick said. 
“I don’t but it don’t take me a minute to make a plan.” Bunz looked at Rick and smiled. 
“Hold up, don’t go nowhere just yet. Let me go put that broad in a cab.” Rick said running to the corner quickly. 
“You wanna ride shotgun? Aiight but hurry up, I got shit to do unc!” Bunz screamed as Rick ran up the block. 
When Rick returned he was winded from running back so quickly. Bunz was sitting on the passenger side with the door open pumping Jay Z’s latest rap song. 
“You gon’ ride out with me unc?” Bunz asked as he stepped out the car.
“Um yea but first I wanna know what you planning on doin’ to that girl.” 
“You gonna have to ride then. If I tell you what I’m plannin’ unc, it’s called premeditated, you feel me? I got a score to settle with ol’ boy that whipped Jason out and I know shorty gon’ take me right to him.” Bunz rubbed his palms together. 
“Yea but what you plan on doin’ when you see him? You can’t just impulse and do shit.” Rick’s street politics came back into play. 
“If I tell you, you’re gonna be an accessory unc.” Bunz laughed again with an evil overtone. “To be honest, I just want some get back from the muthafucka unc. Jason wasn’t on a even playing field when he got duffed out.” Bunz pulled out a rubber glove, slid his right hand inside then leaned into the car and opened the glove compartment pulling out a nickel plated nine millimeter automatic handgun. 
“Where the hell you get that hammer from?” Rick asked.
Bunz cut his eye at Rick, “Oh this, this is Jason’s trophy. This the same ratchet Magic’s baby pops used to beat him with so he took it that day you was lacing dude’s ass in your club.”
“What the fuck? I was looking for that iron and I got rid of one of my boys because I thought he cuffed it. Yo, I don’t like that move right there, you shoulda told me. That’s like stealing from me.” 
“I’m sorry unc but Jason the one that took it. I’ll give it back to you when I’m done.”  
“When you done? Listen to me Bunz. Just from talking to you, I can see you impulsive and reckless. I understand your anger but what you thinking ‘bout doing is major, you ‘bout to lay the murder game down but I don’t think you looking pass the bodies dropping.” Rick’s tone was serious. “Nothing is fool proof so there’s a chance you can get caught and the way I see it, you not alone, you have to think about Jason. Seems like you only thinking about yourself because you willing to jeopardize his entire life because of your own selfish reasons. Emotions are dangerous son and you need to get yours in check before you leave here.” 
“What’s up with you unc? You don’t think I can handle this? You think I’m reckless and I can’t plan this right? I’m the one that held this muthafucka down his whole adult life. If it wasn’t for me he’d still be getting victimized by people that can see and smell the fear on him. I stopped it, I did it by myself, reckless emotions and all!” Bunz beat his chest like an ape. “I was tired of people doing foul shit to him, I was tired of hearing him cry, I was sick and tired of listening to him say things would get better. You don’t understand unc, you don’t know what it feels like to go through the shit I been through with him. It hurts to see him defeated, we share the same blood but mine is boiling, I won’t allow no fucking body to victimize me! I’m not gonna let it happen! You hear me unc! NO fucking body!” Hot tears were flowing down Bunz’ cheek. “Our father was murdered by a bunch of young muthafuckas our age and I ain’t do shit! Jason wouldn’t let me, he cowered in a corner and watched as those muthafuckas took away the only person who protected us! I watched him die and I promised myself that if anybody, any fucking body, ever tried to make me a fucking victim I would kill them! That’s what I do unc. I turn the tables and become the victimizer so they know how it feels! I’m gonna get this bitch and her man no matter what you say unc, it’s their turn to feel what I’ve always felt!” 
Rick walked over to Bunz who was crying openly in a rage. “Bunz, do me a favor fam. If you really want to do this, let’s do it right. Let’s plan it to make sure none of this shit falls on Jason, ok?”
Bunz backed away from Rick wiping his cheek with the back of his palm, “Aiight unc, let’s set it up right but we don’t have a lot of time because Jason planned a whole gang of shit to do with her tomorrow and I’m sure the bitch can’t sleep waiting for the sun to rise.” 
“Don’t worry nephew, I got this. Just follow me to the club and we gon’ take care of this shit the right way.” Rick said walking to his car.  






Chapter 28
Bunz

“I’ll be downstairs waiting in the car.” Bunz yelled as he walked out the door. 
“I’m coming.” Michelle yelled from her room. 
Michelle came out of the building and skipped to the car then opened the passenger door and gracefully sat down. 
“Whew, I’m glad you put the air condition on because it’s blazing out here already.” She said as the car pulled away from the curb. “Where we going first baby?” 
“I figured we go to IHOP first since the bank don’t open ‘til  ‘bout nine.”
“Ok, I am hungry but I’m more excited than anything.” 
“I bet.”
“After the bank we going to the car lot?” 
“Yep, that’s the plan.” 
“Why you answering me all short and shit, you ok?” 
“Sure am.” 
“See what I’m talking ‘bout?” 
“What?” 
“You’re acting strange Jason. Did something happen when you spoke to your mom’s last night? Did she say something to make you have a change of heart? You’re not acting like you’re excited. You still want to get married right?” 
“No question.” 
The car pulled into the parking lot of the IHOP restaurant and Michelle exited the vehicle first and headed into the front door of the restaurant. Bunz laughed to himself as he watched her walk into the restaurant.
 “This bitch gonna make me splatter her fucking brains all over my whip with all that phony shit.” He stepped out the car and walked into the restaurant and stood next to Michelle who had already given their name and was waiting to be called for a vacant table. 
Michelle looked up and forced a smile, “Baby, tell me what happened last night. I can tell something’s wrong because you have a distant look in your eyes.”
“Everything cool. Nothing happened last night. I told you it’s all about you.” 
“Buchanan!” The waitress called out into the crowd standing in the lobby.
“That’s us!” Bunz yelled and followed the waitress who was holding two menus in her hand. 
Michelle watched as he bopped over to the table and noticed his pants were sagging slightly off his ass then followed behind him shaking her head. When she got to her seat she grabbed the menu and opened it up wide covering her face. There was awkward silence until the waitress came over and asked if they were ready to order. 
“Let me get french toast, bacon, egg and cheese and some O.J.” Bunz answered. 
“I’ll have the same.” Michelle replied putting down her menu.
The waitress took both menus after writing down their order then turned and left.
“Jason?” Michelle called out softly but didn’t get a response. “Jason?” she said a little louder.
Bunz looked at her, “Yea.” 
“Why don’t you want to talk to me about what you and your mom spoke about?”
“She ain’t say nothing. I told you everything good.” 
Michelle twirled the engagement ring on her finger then looked up, “Jason, I want you to know that I don’t want to come between you and your moms but I want us to be happy. You understand that don’t you?” 
“Sure I do.” 
Michelle shook her head slowly, “It’s hard to believe right now because you’re not talking to me the way you were before you left to go talk to your moms. I just hope you’re being real when you say everything is fine. I’m not gonna ask anymore because I believe you and I trust you.” She grabbed his hand in hers. “I do love you Jason.” 
Bunz cringed when she took his hand and strained when he said, “I love you too.” 
“I know baby and I just want to make sure you know that I really do.”
Bunz pulled out his cell phone and placed it on the table, “Don’t worry, I know.” 
“I’m gonna go to the restroom.” Michelle said getting up from the table.
“Ay, let me use your phone, mine dead.” 
Michelle searched her purse then handed him her phone then left the table for the restroom. He waited for her to get out of sight and made a phone call then sent a text message. Michelle came back to the table just as the waitress was bringing their food then sat down and began to eat immediately. Halfway through their meal Bunz said, “I’m waiting for a call on your phone so if you see a number you don’t recognize give me your phone.” 
“No problem baby.” Michelle replied as she sipped her orange juice. 
Bunz looked at his watch, “It’s almost nine, let’s hurry up so we can be the first ones when the bank opens.” 
“Ok.” Michelle said wiping her mouth with her napkin.

***

The car pulled into a municipal parking lot. Bunz rolled the window down and grabbed the parking ticket and the black and white mechanical arm lifted up and he guided the car up the winding ramp to the second landing. He saw an empty parking space next to a wall between two cars and backed into the space carefully. He rolled his window up and pulled the key out of the ignition and looked over to Michelle who was already getting out of the car. He exited and hit the button on the remote and turned to walk to the elevators. Before they both got to the elevators Bunz felt a presence behind him. By the time he turned around he felt a blow to the back of his head that sent him sprawling to the ground. Michelle saw him tumbling in front of her and when she turned around she was looking at a man wearing a mask, pointing a black gun in her direction. He put his finger over his mouth, gesturing for her to keep quiet. 
“Don’t make a noise!” the masked man said to her then looked down at Bunz.
Michelle swallowed hard in her throat and her mouth instantly became dry. The gunman searched Bunz’ pockets and grabbed the keys to his car then kicked him. He pulled him by one arm near a car then tied his hands behind his back with a rope. He grabbed Michelle by the arm and pulled her to a beat up black Dodge caravan parked nearby. He pulled the side door open and helped her inside then got in and sat next to her pulling his mask up. 
“Oh my God! What the fuck are you doing!” Michelle screamed. 
Damian looked at her with a puzzled expression etched on his face.
“You ‘bout to fuck everything up! I told you to wait until I got the money. What the fuck are you doing? We was on our way to the bank!” 
“What you talkin’ ‘bout? You told me to do it now.” 
“Do what! I ain’t tell you to do shit! I told you he was putting the money into my account!”
“You did so! You text me last night and told me that he wrote you a certified check already and had a hun’ed stacks in cash in the trunk of his whip. You don’t remember?” 
“Damian I didn’t text you last night, when I spoke to you on the phone I told you I was gonna handle everything. Oh my God, you fucking everything up!”
“You ain’t just text me and tell me to come here and get him? How the fuck would I know y’all was gonna be in this fucking…’
The van door slid open and Damian was smashed in the face hard with the butt of a gun and he fell into Michelle’s lap as she shrieked. 
“Shut the fuck up bitch!” 
“Please, don’t hurt me.” Michelle begged. 
“Not gonna hurt you bitch, don’t worry ‘bout that.” Rick laughed wickedly as he grabbed her cheek between his thumb and four fingers squeezing tightly. He pushed her head back hard enough to bounce off the window then turned his attention to Damian.
Rick threw him on the floorboard of the van and turned him on his stomach forcibly then tied his hands behind his back tightly. Michelle backed up in her seat, her back flat against the window. She heard a tap on the window and when she turned around her eyes grew wide.
“Jason? What’s happening?” she mouthed.
Rick giggled, “This is gonna blow you away. Look bitch, turn around and make this shit easy on yaself!” Rick said pulling out another tie wrap.
“Jason, please baby? What’s going on?” 
Bunz walked over to where Rick was tying up Michelle and peeked into the van.
“You’s a foul bitch!”
“No Jason, you’re wrong! I don’t know what’s going on!” Michelle pleaded as Rick secured her in the seat. 
“Yea, yea bitch. I know.” Bunz quipped.
“Look we need to transfer this garbage into the truck, we don’t have time to have a love discussion!” Rick said grabbing Damian and sitting him upright on the van floorboard. “Pull the truck over here.” 
Bunz brought the truck to where the van was and parked it vertically then jumped out. He opened the barn doors of the Chevy Tahoe and went over to where Rick was taping both Michelle and Damian’s mouths with duct tape. The backseat in the truck had been removed and there was plastic covering the entire floor. Rick grabbed Damian’s feet and Bunz maneuvered to get his shoulders but Damian was kicking his legs wildly so Rick firmly held his ankles then yanked him out as Damian’s head hit the pavement with a crashing thud. 
“Don’t have time to play wit’ you muthafucka! You getting in here sleep or woke, your choice!”
Bunz grabbed Damian by his shoulder then he and Rick hoisted him up then threw him inside the truck. They turned to Michelle who had tears streaming down her face and her body was shaking uncontrollably. She was pulled by her feet and she resisted. 
“Look bitch, you can get your shit split open too!” Rick hissed.
Her eyes were pleading with Bunz but his stare was like icicles. She was thrown into the truck like a bag of dirty laundry then the barn doors on the truck were slammed shut. 
“You drive the van and follow me.” Rick directed. 
Bunz closed the side door of the van then jumped into the drivers seat and pulled out following the Tahoe out of the parking lot. 





Chapter 29
Plot Thickens

The Tahoe circled the block two times before coming to a stop and pulling over on the side of the street. Rick jumped out and waited for the van to pull up behind the truck and walked over to it. 
“I’m going to go and open the gate and you pull in after me. We can’t chance anyone seeing us bring those bodies out.”
“Got you unc.”
Rick walked to the side of the two-story house and unlocked the driveway gate and pushed it open then went back to the idling truck. He got into the driver’s side and put it into gear and slowly turned into the driveway followed by the van Bunz was driving. Once both vehicles were inside the backyard, Rick quickly closed and locked the gates. Bunz exited the van and went to the back of the truck looking up at second floor windows of the house next door. When Rick opened the back door of the truck both Michelle and Damian were rolling around kicking their feet wildly. There was a look of terror on Michelle’s face as Rick tried unsuccessfully to grab her by both ankles and slide her out. 
“Yo, I’m ready to knock both these muthafuckas out. They making too much noise!” Rick said to Bunz as he passed him a pair of surgical gloves. 
“Hold up. I got something that’ll calm both their asses down!” Bunz said as he pulled a syringe out of his pocket. “Hold her still for me.” Bunz directed as Rick grabbed her by her shoulders and held her down tightly. Bunz pulled the plastic top off the syringe and pulled her sleeve up and jammed the needle into her arm and pushed the plunger down halfway as the toxin entered her system. Michelle’s eyes were wide as plates as they bulged out of her sockets, pleading with Rick and Bunz through muffled screams. 
“Keep holding her ‘til it takes affect. It should be about a minute or so.” Bunz said turning his attention to Damian. 
Damian eyes were filled with tears and the middle part of his pants was soaked. He mumbled softly as his eyes darted to Michelle whose eyes closed slowly. Damian’s eyes turned back to Bunz and the tears started to flow freely. He was weak with fear and his body was limp from struggling. Bunz’s piercing eyes read defeat and a dastardly smile formed as he pulled up Damian’s sleeve and stabbed his arm with the needle and pushed the remainder of the toxin into his system. 
“What the fuck you inject them with?” Rick asked as Michelle’s body went limp. 
“Propofol. It’s a sedative. Jason had some in the crib and I took it just in case we needed it. It works fast so we need to hurry up before the shit wears off.” Bunz said as he grabbed Michelle’s feet while waiting for it to take effect on Damian. Rick pulled her up by her arms then Bunz bent down and threw her over his shoulder. 
“Let me open the back door.” Rick said as he went up the stairs to the back porch. He was about to put his key in the door but noticed the lock had been broken and the door was ajar. He turned to Bunz who was coming up the stairs behind him, “Motherfucker! I think somebody hit my fucking stash again!” Rick pulled his weapon from his waist and pushed the door open.
***

The hooded man stopped filling up the knapsack when he heard a sound come from upstairs. He stood motionless as he sharpened the audio in his ear to confirm there was movement coming from upstairs. He looked around for an exit in the basement but there was only a small window on the far side above a boiler. He zipped up the knapsack quietly and put it on his shoulders and pulled out his gun and tiptoed to the stairs that led to the first floor of the house and continued to listen for movement. He waited thirty seconds then grabbed the staircase handle and placed one foot on the first step and slowly placed his other foot on the next landing, trying not to make a sound. His heart rate increased as he ascended the stairs keeping his gun pointed at the door. When he reached the top of the stairs, he put his ear to the door softly and grabbed the doorknob tightly. He turned the brass knob slowly and pushed the door open slightly and peeked through the crack. He couldn’t see or hear anything and pushed the door open a little more. The door creaked but in the quiet house it sounded like a trumpet so he stopped abruptly and waited to see if he could hear any movement, not hearing anything he pushed the door open slowly, just enough for him to squeeze out. He slid out the opening sideways and turned his head to the left to see if the coast was clear then dropped in the doorway from a crushing blow to his head that sent an array of colors dancing in his eyes. His body lay between the door and the basement and the gun fell from his hand. He reached out for it and a boot slammed down on his forearm, pinning it to the floor. 
“Who else in here with you?” Rick whispered as he pulled the hood off the man and placed his gun to the back of his head.
The man was face down and never looked up, he just moaned and Rick asked him again, pushing the barrel harder to the base of his cranium. 
“Nobody.” The man breathed out. 
Rick picked up the gun from the floor and tucked it in the small part of his back, “Get the fuck up muthafucka.” 
The man rose slowly, stumbling against the wall and holding his head with both hands. Rick quickly pushed him back down and slammed the basement door shut then stomped and kicked the man relentlessly. 
“Turn over!” Rick demanded. 
The man turned over slowly and Rick hit him in the face with his gun, “You the muthafucka that been hitting my stash huh? Well, today’s your unlucky day!” 
The man peered up at Rick and had a defiant look in his eyes, “You gonna kill me?”
Rick hit him in the face with the butt of his gun repeatedly then said, “Yep. You already dead!” Rick checked him for any other weapons and called out to Bunz. 
Bunz walked in to the hallway where both men were. 
“I don’t know if this muthafucka by himself, I need you to tie him up so I can check to make sure he alone.” 
Bunz pulled out a tie wrap and went over to the man lying on the floor. His face was bloodied but he looked familiar. He bent down while Rick kept the gun pointed at his head and grabbed both hands and tied them in front of him. 
“You want me to get the duct tape and tie his legs up too?” Bunz asked. 
“Nah, let me check to see if anybody in the basement first, then I’ll take care of his ass!” Rick passed Bunz the gun he was holding. “If he blinks nephew, squeeze the trigger!”
Rick went to the basement door and opened it slowly then disappeared downstairs. Bunz stood up and stared down at the man, the gun pointed directly at his skull.
“I never shot anybody before you know. But if you move, you’ll be my first.” Bunz laughed wickedly. 
Rick appeared from the basement minutes later, his eyes were slits and his hand gripped his gun tightly. He walked over to the man on the floor and kicked him in his mouth then bent over and looked in his swollen eyes, “Who told you about my stash houses?”
The man smiled showing his blood soaked teeth, “Your mama.”
Rick looked at him and heat crept up his neck and he smashed the butt of the gun into his mouth wiping the smile away, replacing it with agonizing pain.
“Get the duct tape and let’s finish taking care of our business. I’m gonna torture this muhfucka ‘til he tells me who the fuck betrayed me!” Rick said turning to Bunz. 
“I left Damian in the truck, I need you to help me with him.” Bunz replied walking towards the back door. 
“Aiight.” Rick dragged the man by his feet to the kitchen then sat him upright against a wall next to the counter then went out to the truck to help Bunz. 
Once inside the house they dropped him in a bedroom adjacent to where Michelle was laying. Rick wiped the perspiration from his forehead with the back of his hand leaving a streak of blood. Bunz stood in the doorway and looked into the room where Michelle was laying and gritted his teeth. 
“I’m ready to just off that bitch unc. I can’t stand looking at her!” 
“Hold up. I want to get rid of all three of these muthafuckas at the same time. I need to find out who the fuck was giving that muthafucka all the info on my stash houses.” 
“He wasn’t talking like he was going to give no names up unc. I think we should just get this over with and get rid of the bodies like you planned.”
Rick walked back to the kitchen with Bunz right behind him. The man’s head was hanging down to his chest. Rick kicked him and he looked up at him slowly. The gun was pointed to his forehead and he closed his eyes.
“Cut the knapsack off him before I body his ass!” Rick told Bunz. 
Rick passed Bunz a box cutter and he approached the man and kneeled down next to him and pulled him forward so he could cut the straps on the knapsack. The man leaned his head to the left and Bunz noticed a deep scar on his neck. He stared at it as he severed the straps and snatched the knapsack from his back. He pushed the man forward and slowly pushed his head back to the wall and wiped some of the blood from his face with his trembling hands. He turned his face to the right and noticed a part of his ear lobe was missing. He backed away and never broke his stare and rose to his feet slowly. 
“This the muthafucka that killed my pops! I knew he looked familiar!” He said pulling the gun from his waist slowly and pointing it at the man’s forehead. 
Rick’s head tilted as he looked at Bunz in shock, “What!” 
“I’ll never forget those beady ass eyes! And before pops died, he carved that fucker up and cut a piece of his ear off and cut his neck. I checked unc. He’s the one that killed my pops!” Bunz growled low in his throat and tears stained his cheeks as he cocked the hammer back slowly on the gun he was pointing at his father’s murderer.
Rick looked at the man who suddenly had a look of fear on his face. 
“This the muthafucka that killed my brother?” Rick dropped his gun and charged the man and pulled him to his feet and started pounding his face with his balled up fists. Blow after blow connected and Ronald’s murderer screamed out in anguish. 
“Move out the way unc, I didn’t get a chance to help my pops back then but I’m gonna redeem myself now! Move unc, I want to see his brains hanging from the holes I’m ‘bout to put in his cabbage!”
As Rick prepared to move out of the way, he heard a low humming noise. He waved Bunz off quickly before he pulled the trigger then checked the pockets of the murderer and pulled out a cell phone that was vibrating.
“This probably the muthafucka who set shit up for him!” Rick said looking at the name on the display and gasping. “Oh shit nephew!”
Bunz snatched the cell phone from Rick’s hand and looked at the name on the display reading, Paula Buchanan. He looked at the murderer and screamed, “How the fuck you know my moms!” 
The phone stopped vibrating and the call ended. Bunz chopped him in his throat then whacked him on top of his head with the gun then choked him with one hand. The murderer struggled for air as he became lightheaded and started to fade. Bunz let him go just before he passed out and smacked him in the face with the gun again, jarring him back to attention. The cell phone began to vibrate again and Bunz accidentally pressed the talk button. 
“Louis? Louis? Can you hear me honey? Where are you? I didn’t know you were taking the day off…” Bunz had his ear to the phone and couldn’t believe what he just heard.
“You LOUIS!” Bunz screamed unconsciously.
“Jason?” Paula yelled into the phone recognizing her son’s voice.
“Oh shit.” Jason said in a hushed tone looking at Rick. “What I’m supposed to do?”
“Hang the shit up!” 
Jason disconnected the call then looked at Louis.
“Unc, this the muthafucka my mom’s fucking with. That’s Louis!” Bunz screamed. “She been sleeping with the fucking enemy…”
The phone vibrated again and Bunz passed it to Rick, “I can’t talk to her unc, I’m going to kill this muthafucka right now!”
“Hold on nephew. Wait! We can’t kill this muthafucka until you speak to your moms and tell her who he really is. I can’t chance her getting all emotional and snitching when his bloated ass is found at the bottom of the Hudson River. Now answer her call!” Rick passed the cell phone back to Bunz.
“Mom?” 
“Jason? Is that you? What are you doing with Louis’ phone? Are you with him? Where is he?” Paula voice rose with each question. 
Bunz removed the phone from his ear and breathed out heavily as he stared daggers at Louis. 
“Jason? Jason? What’s going on? Did you hang up on me?” Paula was frantic. 
“Ma, I need you to listen to me and try to calm down…”
“Jason, you’re scaring me. Please tell me what’s going on. Is Louis all right? He didn’t come to work today, are you at the hospital. Please Jason, tell me he’s all right.” Paula whined uncontrollably. 
“Ma, you have to calm down and listen to me. Please!”
“Ok, I’m sorry. Just tell me what’s going on.”
“Ma, there’s no easy way to tell you this so I’m just gonna come straight out with it…”
Paula’s heart rate increased and her right hand was resting on her chest as the hand holding the phone trembled with every passing second.
“…your boyfriend Louis is the man that killed my pops and I have him here and I’m going to take his life for ruining ours.” Bunz said effortlessly.
Paula was silent, she couldn’t believe what she just heard and suddenly dropped the phone. It took a full minute for what Bunz said to register and she slowly picked the phone up off the ground. 
“Jason?” her voice was low and feeble. “Please tell me I didn’t hear you right, pleeeease!”
“I wish I could but it’s true. This the muthafucka that took my pops from us and I’m ‘bout to send him to Satan!” Bunz’s voice was ice cold.
“But…but how can you be so sure? How did you find out? I mean, you never met him before, how did your paths cross?”
“Fate ma, it was fate he landed in my hands. Look, this is going to happen so I need you to keep quiet about this until I can explain it to you. I’ll call you when I’m done.” 
“NO Jason!” Paula was coming to her senses. “What are you talking about when you’re done? Don’t you do anything to jeopardize your life or your future. Call the police baby and let them handle it! I don’t want anything to happen to you.” 
“I’m not calling no police! They didn’t do their job in finding this muthafucka so I’m gonna get justice my way and don’t worry about anything happening to me, I’m here with uncle Rick…”
“Oh my God Jason. NO! I knew you shouldn’t have gotten mixed up with him. Why are you with him? Did he put you up to this? Please don’t let him ruin your life further by putting blood on your hands. You are not a murderer Jason. Please don’t do this!” Paula pleaded. 
“Uncle Rick don’t have nothing to do with this! I know Louis is the one that killed my father! I was there! I was there mother, I was there!” Bunz started to cry.
“Jason, where are you baby? Tell me where you’re at so I can come to you before you make the mistake of your life. Please Jason, I’m begging you!”
Bunz took the phone from his ear and looked at Rick.
“She wants to come here unc. What should I tell her?”
“Look man, we don’t have all day to do this. We got them other muthafuckas we need to take care of too so we need to do something now!” Rick said with urgency in his voice. “You know what? Matter of fact, give her the address and tell her if she’s not here in thirty minutes, this muthafucka dead!”
Bunz put the phone back to his ear and gave his mother the address.
“I’m on my way. Don’t do anything crazy Jason, don’t let Rick talk you into doing anything! You’re no murderer Jason, you’re nothing like him! Promise me you won’t do anything foolish.”
“I can’t promise you that.” Bunz said as he ended the call. 
“Why you want her to come here?” Bunz asked Rick.
“I’m gonna let you put this muthafuckas lights out so I don’t have to worry about her talking to no police after that!”

Chapter 30
Gruesome Ordeal

Paula got out of a cab a few houses down from the address Jason had given her. She walked up the block quickly and hurried up the stairs to the brownstone and knocked on the door repeatedly. When the front door creaked open she dashed inside uncertain of what she was going to see. 
“Jason!” She screamed, grabbing her son and hugging him the tightest she ever had in his life. “Oh God Jason! What is going on!” She cried into his shoulders. 
Through tear soaked eyes she could see Rick standing off in the distance, streaks of blood on his forehead. 
“NO! Please tell me you didn’t kill him Jason!” She released her embrace and backed up looking at her son. His eyes were empty and his expression showed a combination of hurt and rage. 
“I need you to listen to me. Louis killed my pops…”
“No Jason.” Her lips quivered and she shook her head staring into his eyes, still wishing what she was hearing wasn’t true.
“…and I am going to make him pay for that. I would never lie about something this serious. He stabbed my father to death but dad fought him like a gladiator. He took the knife from him and cut him on his ear and neck. Louis looked me dead in my eyes after it happened, I will never forget those eyes, they’re seared in my memory. I’m 100% sure he’s the one that did it.” Bunz paused. “You might not want to believe it but it’s the truth and there’s nothing you say that will change it.” 
Paula bowed her head as she digested the shocking information that was just revealed to her. Her emotions were in disarray and a wealth of confusion tormented her mind as she fought to understand what was going on. 
“Where is he? Is he still alive?” She asked in a barely audible voice. 
“He’s in the back but he doesn’t have any time left on the clock.” Bunz said. “Before I take you back there let me tell you something else.”
Paula looked at her son and dreaded hearing more disturbing news, “What else could there be Jason?” 
Bunz eyes were steady and sure, “You were right about Michelle too. She’s in the back too with her son’s father.” 
Paula looked at her son with confusion, “What is she doing here?”
Rick walked over to Paula and she shot him an evil stare. 
“Look Paula, there’s so much shit to this that it’ll make your head spin. It’s going to take too much time to explain and right now we don’t have that luxury.” Rick said to her.
“Don’t you say anything to me, this is your fault! You always wanted to get my Jason mixed up with your shit!” Paula pounded her fists to his chest. 
Rick grabbed her by her wrists and shook her violently, “Hold the fuck up! I ain’t have shit to do with this! I’m here to make sure my nephew don’t go down for the rest of his life!” Rick turned to Bunz, “Tell her who the fuck you are so we can take care of this shit now! We don’t have no more fucking time to waste!”
Bunz looked at Paula as Rick held her, “Ma, I’m Bunz. I’m the one that’s been protecting Jason since pops died. I’m the one that put an end to all his problems when he was being victimized.”
“Wh…what are you talking about Jason?”
“He gotta split personality or some shit Paula!” 
Paula stared at Bunz blankly and what she heard was too much for her and her legs got weak beneath her and she passed out. Rick picked her up and carried her to a sofa then laid her down. Rick walked over to Bunz. 
“This is fucked up nephew. I don’t know how she thinking but we need to put a punctuation mark on this shit before we both’ll be facing double life!”
“What about my moms?”
“What about her? I ain’t worried about her now, I’m worried about those three bodies in the back. Come on, let’s go finish this!” Rick turned and headed to the back with Bunz right behind him. 

***

Michelle was laying face down on the carpet that was covered in clear plastic and she could hear Bunz and Rick talking. She was turned over on her back forcefully and she stared up at Bunz and Rick and shuddered when she saw them both wrapped in black hefty bags, wearing plastic gloves with meat cleavers in each hand. Bunz had a sick smile etched on his face as he approached her slowly. 
“You won’t feel any physical pain right now but what you’re about to see will prepare you for it!” 
Rick left the room and came back with Damian who was kicking and squirming around wildly. Bunz kicked him in his head to pacify him then helped Rick place him in the middle of the floor. There were four black hefty bags in the corner of the room. Rick went over to Michelle and pulled her to the furthest corner of the room and sat her upright facing Damian. He walked back to the center and looked at her and shook his head then flipped Damian over. Bunz pulled out the gun given to him by Rick and shoved it in Damian’s mouth then looked over to Michelle who turned her head away. Damian was trying to move his head back and forth but Bunz chopped him in his forehead then cocked the hammer back on the pistol, turned his head away and pulled the trigger. Michelle jumped and her heart felt like it was going to explode in her chest because it was beating so fast. She turned her head slowly and quickly shut her eyes tight upon seeing the grisly sight. Parts of Damian’s skull and brain fragments were scattered about on the plastic and his body lay lifeless in the center of the floor. 
“You’re up next bitch!” Bunz said to Michelle. 
She shook her head violently and protested but her words were muffled from the duct tape. Her eyes pleaded with him but he held no emotion for her at all. 
“You shoulda never fucked with him bitch. You was gonna do him dirty and leave him fucked up. Didn’t expect the tables to turn on you huh? The world is better off without a heartless bitch like you! Say good bye!”
Bunz raised the gun to her forehead and cocked the hammer back slowly. Michelle’s eyes were shut tight and her muffled screams vibrated in her throat as her life flashed before her in a blur. 
“STOP!” Paula stood at the door horrified at the scene in the room. 
Michelle said a silent prayer as her ordeal was put on hold for the time being. 
Rick looked at Paula and shook his head slowly but didn’t say a word. 
Bunz turned around and looked at his mother. His eyes were blood shot and his chest was heaving uncontrollably. His grip on the weapon was tight and his palms were sweaty. 
“Jason, listen to me, hear my voice son. This is not who you are. Please don’t do this!”
“I’m not Jason ma” Bunz grumbled, “I’m Bunz and I’m gon’ do this, I don’t have a choice now.” He looked down at Damian’s lifeless body.
Paula looked at the body on the floor and cringed, “Did you…you…you didn’t do this did you?”
Michelle was listening and although fear was the forefront of her emotions, confusion became evident. What she was witnessing was bizarre and she knew for sure that Jason was a certified nut and her life was doomed. He was not the same man she thought she was manipulating, he was not the timid young man she met in the strip club, in front of her was Jason’s alter ego. She looked up at the monster standing in front of her, heartless and unfeeling with every intention on taking her life. She didn’t understand and would never get the chance to understand the mind of an unstable person.
Paula walked up to him slowly and grabbed the hand holding the gun, “Jason, I know you can hear me. This is not the way, this is not who you are. You are not a murderer. I’m sorry for the hurt you’re feeling, I’m sorry for the hurt people have caused you over the years but you need help baby. What you’re doing is going to make things worse, not better.” She pulled the gun from out of his hand slowly. “You told me you have always been victimized but look what you’re doing now, you’ve become the victimizer. Look at what you’re about to do to this young lady. Whatever it is she’s done to you, it can’t be worth you killing her. You can’t take that back Jason, there’s no turning back from that. I feel your pain and confusion because I’m hurting too baby. I don’t want you to ruin your life any further by killing this young lady. We need to get you some help, we need to help you deal with this problem.” She pulled Bunz close to her and hugged him.
Rick interrupted, “Paula look. It’s obvious my nephew has a problem but there’s bigger problems right here. Look around, this shit is a priority and needs to be cleaned up or we’re all going to jail for life!”
Paula ignored Rick and rocked Bunz in her arms. “Mommy is here for you and she’s going to make everything better.” 
“You think you gonna make all this shit disappear Paula. This is real!” Rick was pointing to the dead body on the floor and Michelle. “Something needs to be done and now! I’m not going to jail behind this sloppy shit!”
“Rick, let’s go out in the living room and talk.” Paula said taking control. 
Rick and Bunz followed her into the living room, closing the door behind them leaving a terrified Michelle in the room with her baby’s father lifeless body. 
“Rick, I don’t understand how you agreed to do something as crazy as this with Jason. What were you thinking?” 
“First of all, when I saw him he was on his way to do it on his own and there was no talking him out of it. I came to make sure it was done right so it wouldn’t fall back on him.” 
“It’s my fault ma, I was tired of the bullshit and I wanted to end their miserable lives for Jason so he could stop being a fucking victim all the time!”
“Ok baby. What we need to do is figure out what we’re going to do from here.”
“It’s cut and dry. We gotta kill all of ‘em and dump the bodies in the Hudson River. End of story.” Rick said undeterred. 
“I don’t agree with that Rick. There must be another way to handle this.” Paula said looking at her son who seemed distant all of a sudden. 
“You forgot that muthafucka you was fucking back there too. You want to keep him alive!” Rick spat.
Paula looked at her son and bowed her head. Reality hit her hard and feelings of regret blanketed her entire body. 
“Jason, are you absolutely sure Louis is the man that killed my Ronald?”
“There’s no question in my mind ma but can you please call me Bunz. Please.” 
Paula spoke softly, “Ok son.”
Rick paced the floor then said, “In two minutes, I’m going to make a decision and I don’t give a fuck how you feel about it Paula. We don’t have time to sit here and politic! Two minutes more then I’m going to body them!”
“Ok Rick. If Louis is the one that killed my husband then he does deserve to die. He was your brother, my husband, and Jason’s father. The police never found him so I guess this is bittersweet justice for all of us. I just want to talk to him before you do it. I need to hear him tell me he was responsible for taking my Ronald away from me.” Paula wiped her eyes. “That young lady Michelle, I don’t want you to kill her, she is young and she has a son Rick. I don’t want that on my conscience. You think of a way to spare her life while I go talk to Louis. Please.” Paula walked towards the back.
“He’s in the second room next to the bathroom.” Rick shouted as she went down the hallway. 
“You alright nephew?” Rick asked Bunz.
“I’m good. It’s just that I don’t want my moms involved in all this shit. I never wanted her to be a part of this, you know what I mean?” 
“I hear you nephew. You still want to off the bitch?”
“Yea but moms not feeling it. I don’t know how we gon’ let her go and she don’t run her mouth to the police about Damian, that’s her son’s father.” 
“You right. Let me think, we might be able to do something that’ll make sure she won’t talk.”

***

Paula opened the door to the room and when she saw Louis bound by his feet and hands with dried up blood smeared across his face, she gasped. The floor was covered in clear plastic and he sat against a wall with a look of shock on his face. She closed the door slowly behind her and rested against it, holding onto the doorknob with her hands behind her back. She didn’t know how to feel, she didn’t know why she wanted to see him. Confusion, hurt and sadness plagued her mind and her eyes welled up with tears. She breathed deeply, her chest rising and falling slowly. She released her grip from the doorknob and took slow careful steps toward him. His eyes were blank and empty, showing no indication of emotion, he just stared at her as she approached him. When she reached him she pulled the duct tape from his mouth and took three steps back not knowing what her ears would hear when he spoke. 
“What the fuck you doing here Paula?” He said in a strained tone. “Untie me so I can get out of here.” 
“I…I…can’t Louis.” Her voice trembled. “I need to ask you a question.” 
“Ask me while you untie me, hurry up before that crazy muthafucka come back in here.” Louis said quickly. 
“Louis, did you kill my husband?” Paula asked looking down at his battered face. 
“Hell no! I ain’t kill your husband!” Louis blurted out.
“Louis, I need to know the truth. It’s important to me.” 
“Come on Paula, you know me, I ain’t no killer. Those two muthafuckas, your son and his uncle, they crazy! Come on and untie me before they come back in here. They gonna kill me.” 
Paula walked up to Louis and bent down over him, “Where did you get that scar Louis and how did you lose your ear lobe?” 
“Shit Paula, I told you that happened when I was younger. Come on, you don’t believe I murked your husband do you?” Louis was peeking over her shoulder. “Please just untie me Paula.” He whispered. 
“Did you get those scars in a robbery gone bad Louis? Tell me the truth.”  
“Aiight, I’ll tell you but untie me first so we can get outta here and talk.”  
“Tell me the truth and I’ll untie you. Are you the one that killed my husband?” 
“Ok, ok. When I was young me and a couple of guys were looking to rob somebody around Thanksgiving. Some man and his son pulled up in a Cadillac and the guys I was with figured he would have a nice amount of bread on him and chose him as the vic. I went along with it and he resisted and was beating my friend up. I thought he was going to kill him so I stabbed him, I didn’t mean to kill him Paula, I didn’t know that he was your husband. I was young Paula and it was a long time ago. Now please untie me.” 
Paula backed away from him slowly. She was blown away by his confession and a mixture of rage and pain invaded her senses. She looked at the scar on his neck and the missing bottom part of his earlobe then she remembered seeing Ronald lying on the ground in the parking lot bleeding out like a slaughtered pig. Images of the thick globs of blood that ran from his mouth and the multiple holes in his body from the stab wounds that killed him tormented her.
“It was a long time ago Paula, how the fuck did I know that was your husband and I would be with you years later? Come on and untie me. What the fuck you waiting for?” 
 “I asked you Louis.” Paula whispered. “I asked you where that scar came from and you didn’t tell me. You knew that day at the restaurant when I told you he was murdered on Thanksgiving.” She began to cry. “Had you told me the truth then you would have went to jail instead of…this.” 
“You gonna let them kill me Paula, after all we been through? You just gonna let it go down like this! I thought you loved me!” 
“I did love you Louis but I love Ronald and Jason more. You should have never lied.”  
“I didn’t lie! I just didn’t tell you! How the fuck was I supposed to know, you fucking bitch!”
Paula turned around and looked up at the ceiling, “Thank you Ronald.” 
She walked toward the door and it opened slowly. Rick was standing in the doorway and Paula fell into his arms and he held her tightly. 
“It’s over Paula. I got it from here.” Rick whispered in her ear. “Go in the living room, I’ll be there in a minute.” 
Bunz watched as his disheveled mother walked pass him like a zombie. His fury was ignited and Louis was going to feel his wrath for having his family relive the loss of his father and opening up old wounds. He entered the room while Rick reapplied the tape to his mouth and closed the door.  
“Go get the meat cleavers and the bags.” Rick said calmly. 
Bunz came back with the items and dropped the bags on the floor then went over to Louis and kicked him in his mouth. 
“Rick, I want to make his suffer! I want him to die slow and painful.” 
Rick untied Louis’ shoes and pulled them off his feet. He threw them in a one of the hefty bags. Then he picked up a meat cleaver and grabbed his left foot and held the meat cleaver high above his head then brought it down in one motion and severed his foot by his ankles. Louis let out an unidentifiable noise from somewhere deep in his diaphragm and shook his head left to right rapidly. His eyes were bulged and tears of pain emptied from his sockets as blood soaked the plastic. Bunz squealed wickedly at the pain he saw inflicted on Louis and grabbed a meat cleaver and repeated what he saw Rick do. His cut wasn’t as clean and he hacked away at his right ankle until the right foot was completely severed from his leg. Louis passed out. Rick deposited the body parts in a separate bag and untied Louis’ hands. He slapped Louis until he came to and held his head upright. 
“I don’t want you to go to sleep just yet. I want you to feel a world of hurt before you leave her muthafucka!” Rick spat. 
Rick grabbed his arm and chopped his hands off by the wrist as Louis lay in shock, his screams muffled by the duct tape. Jason did the same to the other hand and threw them in the bag. Bunz was sweating profusely as he watched the suffering of the man who murdered his father. The bags they were wearing was smeared with blood and the plastic on the floor pooled with blood. 
“You think you want to stay and watch this part nephew? This might give you nightmares.” 
“This is one nightmare I want to have! Finish it!” 
Rick turned Louis on his side and lift his chin up. He stood up and almost slipped in all the blood that was on the plastic. He steadied himself then held the cleaver high above his head again and brought it down on Louis’ neck with suck force, blood squirted everywhere as Louis decapitated head rolled a few centimeters from his body. Bunz couldn’t take the grotesque sight and threw up. Rick grabbed the head and quickly stuffed it into a bag and tied it up immediately. 
“You aiight nephew?” 
“I’m good unc. Justice is done.” 
“Ok, there’s one more thing we have to take care of and then we can get the fuck outta here.”








Chapter 31
Buchanan’s Secret

Michelle had heard the commotion in the other room and urinated herself from the fear of being next. When the door opened she trembled uncontrollably as the duo entered dressed in hefty bags smeared with blood. It was her time and sheer terror consumed her entire body.
Rick stepped over Damian’s dead body and made his way to her as she shook against the wall, her eyes wide as plates. Bunz glared at her with hatred and gritted his teeth as he closed the door. Rick slowly pulled out a gun, his gloved hands steady as he aimed the gun at her forehead. She shut her eyes tightly and said a prayer. 
“Open your eyes bitch!” Rick said nudging her head with the gun. 
Fear wouldn’t allow her to comply with his orders and she felt a slap that stung and her eyes opened as tears streamed out of them like a waterfall. 
“Listen up bitch! As much as I want to put a slug between your eyes and send you somewhere dark you’re going to get a pass.” Rick said. “Before we let you go, we gonna get some insurance to make sure you ain’t gonna tell the police about what happened here. Do you understand?” 
Bunz ripped the duct tape from off her mouth so forcefully that it tore some of the skin from her top lip leaving specks of blood. She breathed out deeply and her eyes darted from both men quickly. 
“I won’t say anything, I swear to you!”  
“I don’t believe shit you saying bitch!” Bunz boomed. 
“I swear I won’t say anything. I promise!”  
Bunz pointed to Damian’s body, “Even when you think about him you lying bitch?” he turned to Rick, “I just rather do her too to be on the safe side.” 
“NO! Please. I don’t want to die, please let me go!” 
“Shut the fuck up!” Rick screamed. “This is how it’s going down.” Rick bent over and untied her hands. 
She twisted her wrists with her hands and listened to what Rick was saying. 
“Take this.” Rick passed her the pistol. “Don’t think of nothing stupid either bitch ‘cause it’s not loaded.” 
Michelle took the gun in her shaking hands and held it towards the floor then Rick snatched it from her and passed it to Bunz who placed it in a plastic bag.
“Now listen to me. That gun you just had is the gun that fired the bullet that killed your baby’s father.” Rick said to her.
“Yea, and it’s the same gun he used to pound Jason out with so his prints already on it too bitch!” Bunz spat. “You go to the police, we’ll make sure they get this murder weapon with your prints on it. And just in case after we let you go free and you start thinking about going to them later, keep in mind he went to jail for duffing your ass out so you would have a better reason than anyone to want him dead!” 
Michelle had no intentions on saying anything if they would let her go. She only wanted to get home to her son and try to get her life back.
“Keep your mouth shut while we finish up here and once we’re done we’ll let you go.” Rick said as he tied her hands up again.

***

Paula was sitting down on the couch drying tears that wouldn’t stop falling. There were so many things flooding her mind and she needed to sort them out before they consumed her.  So much had happened so fast that it was difficult for her to make sense of it all. The man she loved turned out to be her husband’s murderer and she signed his death warrant and that behavior was too much for her to bear, it wasn’t who she was. Then there was Jason, he was experiencing some serious mental problems that caused him to become dangerously violent and deadly. Getting him the help he needed was her priority and greatest concern. Jason needed her so she had to put all what happened to the side and concentrate on his well-being. 
“Oh Ronald, this was the sign you sent for me when I asked you to let me know about Louis. Was this your way of exacting justice for your murder? You brought him to us for this very reason didn’t you? Your son needs help, did you know he was this way? I’m going to get him the help he needs. Don’t worry. It’s funny, the very thing I detested and looked down upon, I have become a participant in. Guess your brother Rick was right when he used to say I was bourgeois huh?” Paula chuckled. “Life is funny. I’m just glad this part of it is over. I will always love you Ronald. Thank you for giving us all closure. I guess this is going to be the Buchanan’s Secret.” 


Epilogue

Jason jumped up from his sleep; he was having another nightmare about his father’s murderer. It was one of the side effects from the drug given to him to battle his psychological condition, Disassociative Identity Disorder. He sat up in the bed and grabbed a cup from off the table next to him and took a drink of water. Every six months he had to spend a night in the hospital to monitor the medication he was taking to make sure it was working and his mother would always be right by his side. He looked over at her and she stirred in the chair she was sleeping in next to the bed and he smiled warmly then lay back down in the hospital bed and went to sleep. 
After the murders of Damian and Louis, Paula and Rick discussed Jason’s mental health. She first sought out a private doctor who would keep Jason’s condition a secret then she had to coerce Bunz into seeing him. It was difficult to get him to commit to taking any medication because he didn’t want Jason to come back. Paula promised him the procedure was necessary and was not to bring Jason back and he finally agreed. He was then diagnosed him with DID (Disassociative Identity Disorder) and administered shock therapy and a new medicine that was not cleared by the FDA, metyrapone, which was used to erase bad memories. With the shock therapy and drug treatment, Jason reappeared but his memory of the murders and bullying were repressed. Jason saw a psychotherapist weekly and Paula was happy with his progress; it was a small price to pay to be rid of Bunz for good.
Jason graduated from NYU and landed the job at Pfizer. He and his mother bought a brownstone in Prospect Heights and were living a full productive life. Paula opened a foundation for the Mentally Challenged and Abused and donated a substantial part of her money to medical research for DID.
Rick continued with his underground gambling den but slowed down with drug dealing. He and Jason’s relationship wasn’t the same but they were still close. His business continued to bring him a hefty profit and he too donated money to Paula’s foundation. 
Michelle stopped going to school and remained in the projects with her son. She soon returned to dancing at the strip club. After the murders, Paula and Rick went to see her. Rick was there to threaten and remind her not to go the police and while Paula was there, she slipped the drug that was given to Jason, metyrapone, into her drink. They visited her a week later and when Rick told her to remember to keep her mouth shut, she was unable to recall what he was talking about. Rick and Paula smiled to themselves knowing the Buchanan Secret was safe with them and Bunz and vowed to keep it that way to protect Jason from ever being victimized again.

