


When Good Men






By
Max Simms


This book is a fictional dramatization based on research and true case studies drawn from a variety of sources, including published materials and interviews. The characters, places, locations, establishments, organizations, and dialogue are entirely created from the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Third Edition

WHEN GOOD MEN. Copyright © 2020 by Max Simms. All rights reserved. Printed in the United States of America. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. For information contact maxsimmswhengoodmen@gmail.com.

Cover Design by Justin Jensen, Jensen Design Co.
Editing by James Van Dongen, Roger Dowell, and Janie
Illustrations by “Buddy”



Dedication


WHEN GOOD MEN is a work of fiction, passionately composed to speak for the broken, to shine a light, that they may be seen without judgement, and instead with compassion. They walk amongst us, and yet are unseen, even to themselves.

This book is dedicated to them…

The Survivors



Character Index


Chase Andrew Manning
Frankie; Francine Alexandra Manning
Tsar

KC

Nan; Francine Justice Churchill
Joseph Miller
Julia Miller
Cody Workman
Hunter Freeman
Sylar Downs
Samantha Manning
Janice Manning
Ronald Fitz
Senator
William Ked
Fox
Butterfly
Dogs; Warden & Bouncer
EnokKim

Colonel
Gloves
Buddy
Matrix
Shelter Nurse
Baby
Bunker soldiers
Baby’s Nurse



Prologue

Jagged Island; 1940s

Just off the Northern New England Coast, a long causeway from the mainland led to a beautiful isle of nearly a hundred acres, heavily forested and protected by large boulders. A paved road ran through the island leading to an extended pier where trucks rolled to and from a large warehouse.
Trucks carried medical supplies, equipment, and uniforms for American soldiers to be shipped overseas. As the war came to an end, so did the use of Jagged Island until some years later.

The headlines of the Coastal Daily News, May 1952 read:

Jagged Island To Become Private Youth Camp

Private investors purchased the entirety of the beautiful island to construct a youth camp, seemingly only for the world’s wealthiest. Soon after, strangers began to appear within the neighboring townships.
Outsiders invaded the surrounding communities of the island like aliens from a foreign world. With riches they began to buy land and houses. They purchased businesses; real estate, retail stores, banks, and restaurants. Many new faces took positions within the postal service, banks, schools, and hospitals. The invaders ran for elected town, county, and state positions and some even embodied the Honorable Robe.
Over the next several decades, the alien-like invaders and new faces became one. While the natives blended with new blood, a coalescing evil emerged, and like lava, its toxicity spewed forth to the four corners of the earth…

*****

Jagged Island Today

Exiting the causeway from Jagged Island, she was certain of the coordinates now. It could be leverage in the days to come. A multiple agent, her position had been perfected by keeping true to her first promise.
She glanced at her notes sitting on the passenger seat; the symbol, Fox’s day timer, and the incoming cargo. The System – coming full circle.
According to the elitist calendar, he had returned. He may, or may not have, come by way of ship, but, he was near. They were all near. She could feel it.
And like magnets placed close together, we will be drawn to each other; one and all.
Rounding from the short side streets leaving the island, she drove along the small township – the island now to her left was in full view. She was able to see the road leading to the island and the extended pier directly on the other side where the warehouse sat. The island was a beautiful and magnificent site. Yet the powerful spirits that revolved around the island could not be battled by mere men.
Turning to the highway ahead, she saw a camouflaged jeep pulled over to the side of the road. A man dressed in full military garb, walking in the break-down lane, came to a halt at the jeep’s passenger side window.
She tapped her brakes for a closer view. The hitchhiker was wearing gloves.
Strange for June.
If her eyes could be trusted, the gloves didn’t match; one gray, the other green. She tapped the brakes again, slowing just enough.
The soldier with mismatched gloves reached the passenger side window to face the driver of the stationed Jeep. Both men were now directly in her line of sight. They looked in her direction and narrowed their eyes during the brief, passing exchange as she slowly rolled past.
Casually, she turned back to the highway and putting enough distance between them, she glanced to the rearview mirror one last time before heading home. The words of the past resonated in her mind…

Know the times

Seeing the southwest sign, she took the exit whispering aloud this time, “Like bloody magnets.”



Chapter 1

Shadow Village Today

|OOO|

Chase Manning leaned the seat forward to scoop up the morning’s scattered coffee cups. Keeping busy as he waited for his appointment, he placed each Styrofoam cup within the other and then folded and stuffed all the lids inside the top cup. With Bouncer, his Australian Shepherd, positioned on the edge of the seat, he let the seat fall back gently, “Watch the truck, girl. I’ll be right back.”
Inhaling the warm, late spring morning that tasted more like mid-summer, he looked across the road to where a beaten-down path led to a recreational trail. The spring colors had turned now to a deeper forest green with summer claiming her season a little early this year. There’d be no complaints from the people in Shadow Village after the snow-deep winter they’d just survived. And yet seasons here, often invited adjoining seasons.
Today was a special day, the night even more so. Images of a luscious evening to come brought a bounce to his stride as he turned from his truck and headed toward the dumpster. Carrying the used styrofoam cups, he walked to the side of the store.
It was still quiet this time of year in this mostly retired, lake-resort area. With the early morning rush come and gone, the old timers moved about at their leisurely pace. The parking lot was empty all except for one vehicle; a black SUV that was parked so close to the building it looked like an ugly growth – a huge, cancerous mole.
Chase lifted a chain with a sign that read NOT FOR PERSONAL USE and whipped it back, lifting the heavy lid. He threw the cups in and let the lid slam back into place, sounding off an echo which was mostly lost in the midst of the forest all about him.
Headed back to the truck, the sound of tires broke wind as a vehicle approached the T section. The vehicle slowly advanced. He sneered at the sight – a Village cruiser. He held the tame-less bird to his side. He had hated cops for as long as he could remember.
Given the time and direction the vehicle came from, it would be none other than Capt. Sylar Downs, his next-door neighbor. As the cruiser rolled by, confirming the identity of the driver, of its own accord the bird took flight and flew high in the air. Sporting an innocent smile as the cruiser passed by, Chase caught sight of a backseat passenger. The passenger brought a stutter to his wave and a halt to his stride.
The man in the back was dressed in military camouflage. The hood on the camouflage sweatshirt pulled over his head, concealed his profile. The man looked straight ahead. The sun was high in the sky at 7:30. As the cruiser passed directly in front of the sun, Chase shielded his eyes to see through the blinding glare.
Losing his juvenile gesture, he dropped his arm to his side and focused intently on the passenger, willing the man to look in his direction. Without turning his full profile, the man turned just enough for Chase to get a glimpse.
The camouflaged colors from the hood continued down, concealing the man’s face, his face painted in warrior colors.
A nagging recognition taunted Chase. Leaning forward and losing some of his smug confidence, he pushed the memory away before it could fully emerge.

|OOO|

Waiting for Uncle Lou to meet him, Chase busied himself organizing the exterior tool compartments of his utility truck. Joseph Miller, one of his crew members, never put anything back where he found it.
Hearing a car come in from the T, Chase looked up as the car headed up the slightly elevated hill, the same hill that Downs had just come in from. The driver was staring at Chase’s truck before he swung his head to look directly at Chase. Medium-sized kid with dark hair draped around his face, driving a noisy little white VW.
Chase watched the car as it passed. “Herby the Lovebug.”
The car spat and sputtered followed by a large cloud of black smoke in its wake, dispensing a sulfury smell. As it spread, the sulfur smell suffocated the natural aromas of summer.
Idiot.
Turning to the sound of Main Street, another vehicle approached. This was his man. Chase got a fluttery feeling just thinking about all the work ahead.
Uncle Lou pulled his truck in behind Chase’s, sparing about six feet between the two. With a salutation wave, Chase hollered out, “Good morning, sir.”
With a twinkle still in his aged-blue eyes, and a wide smile on his face, the old man replied, “How you doin’, Chase?”
Uncle Lou put the truck in park and opened his door as Chase dropped his tailgate, with a clang.

|OOO|

Standing in the parking lot of the Villages sole gas/grocery, this parking lot was Chase’s unofficial office. He claimed it as such some years back when he started his business as a framing subcontractor.
Uncle Lou tugged at the plans that were spread across the improvised desk and began to roll them up. After some usual negotiation antics, they both knew it was all about the visit. The price per square foot had been the same for years.
Uncle Lou handed the oversized sheets to Chase along with a smaller set. Chase secured them with rubber bands and tucked them into a tall, rectangular box behind his seat, specially made for blue prints.
“Can you get my office a final estimate by Monday, Chase?”
“Yes, sir. I’ll have Frankie get in touch with Shelby over the weekend.”
Lou extended his hand. “Get the job done by fall, Chase, ‘n I’ll throw you and the boys a hefty bonus.”
With just a three-man crew, Chase felt confident that barring any unforeseen events, they could easily get the 4,000 square-foot structure framed up by the first of September. Roofed and sided by mid-September.
Chase smiled as he took the man’s hand. “Thanks, Uncle Lou. I appreciate the work.”
Pulling himself into the truck, the older man looked back at Chase and chuckled as he always did when he called him Uncle Lou. Chase acknowledged the man’s chuckle with a grin. The man’s name wasn’t Lou. As far as Chase knew, he wasn’t his uncle either.
Lou positioned himself in the truck and Chase closed the door. Nodding his head in gratitude, Chase tapped lightly on the bed of the truck. “I’ll be in touch, boss.”
The old man hesitated, looking rather uncertain in the moment. He studied Chase up and down before he spoke, “You remind me of an ole friend who lived here many years ago – Hunter Freeman. You heard of ‘em? We worked together a bit before they pressured him to go into a different field.”
“No, sir, never heard of him.”
“Ask your mother, she’ll remember.”
Chase reviled his maternal parent, yet this question would soon be answered and life as he knew it – was about to end.

|OOO|

Waving “Uncle Lou” farewell as he pulled out of the parking lot, Chase headed for the store entrance and there sat the black mole, still.
Looking from the SUV into the oversized stationary glass window – there it was; a fat, short man sitting at the counter, who was none other than… the Village’s Chief of Police, Ronald Fitz.
There is hatred and then there is something beyond hatred that words simply cannot justify.
Standing next to the black mole, Chase threw out his arms, followed by a loud and penetrating shriek. The old man pretended to be absorbed with the Village newspaper. This time Chase chose to use words as he screeched again, “Haaaayay... Old man!”
The chief looked up momentarily, locking eyes with Chase, as he turned the page. Chase held his stare long enough to work up a mouthful of spit.
Sleeew. Spit bounced off the tire of the SUV.
The fat man slightly lifted his eyebrows before returning to the newspaper. Chase turned back to study the SUV, which looked more like a rig the CIA might ride into town. He walked to the front and bent over in an overly dramatic fashion, noting how there were no official plates on it.
Interesting.
Holding the door wide open, Chase stood in the threshold and shouted again, “Hey, old man! You’re looking fit as a fat, swollen tick today. And as always, it’s appalling to see you… Chief.” Chase choked out the title.
Smelling fresh brewed coffee mingled with the odor of cooking grease, Chase stepped over the threshold and inside the store. The door behind him closed with a familiar chime. The coffee would wait as he simply stood momentarily and hovered over the fat man.
Julia Miller came from the restrooms from the side of the store, wiping her hands with some paper towel, missing the pleasant exchanges between himself and Fitz.
“Hey, hey! Good morning, Chase.”
Nodding toward Julia with a wave, Chase returned her greeting without a word before sneering at Fitz one more time. He was the kind of cop that desecrated a uniform, and yet he looked oddly strange without one.
No uniform and riding a civilian vehicle, hmm.
Speaking low enough so that Julia couldn’t hear him over the radio in the background, Chase whispered, “Sold enough drugs last year to finally buy your own vehicle, huh? And stop riding the taxpayers, huh, Fitzy? Or did you do a few favors for the selectmen ‘n request they replace the cruiser with an unmarked vehicle using civilian registration to make your drug dealing less obvious? Or perhaps human trafficking this week?”
The chief didn’t look up, he didn’t respond. Chase hated the man. Hell would do him well.
The sound of a chugging muffler slightly vibrated the building.
Chase glanced to the parking lot as the lost love bug choked and gagged its way past the front door.
Avoiding eye contact with Julia, Chase walked back to the coolers. Grabbing three bottles of orange juice, he took them to the counter then walked to the coffee station.
The bells chimed. Chase looked up to see the “bug-wonder boy” walk in.
Julia called out on cue, “Good morning.”
The boy nodded toward Julia in acknowledgement then turned to the newspapers. Fitz glanced over at the kid then back to his paper. The kid picked up a newspaper when Fitz looked over at him again. Fitz seemed to be studying the boy with a distant recognition as he tilted his head, squinting his left eye.
Chase poured coffee while watching Fitz watch the boy. The kid laid the newspaper down, picked it up and put it down again, repeating several times. Whether or not the kid felt Chase glaring at him, he wasn’t sure, but the kid turned and looked straight at him as though Chase should recognize him.
Chase didn’t.
With all his eye movement to the left, Fitz seemed to have made a connection with this boy somewhere in his twisted mind. Then the old man turned to Chase. Moving his head from the kid, then back to Chase a few times before he leaned into the table and rolled off his perch. The man sounded like a suffering swine.
Approaching the coffee station, Chase could see by the look on Fitz’s face that he was drawing conclusions, whether real or imaginary, and these conclusions threatened the old man. And if Fitz felt threatened by the kid, then Chase wanted to know why.
Covering his medium-sized black coffee with a lid, Chase grabbed a jelly donut from the glass shelves to the right as Fitz came to a halt on his left. With the man in such close proximity, the feel of a thousand needles brushed his skin. He laid the donut on the counter in front of the man.
“What you need, Pork Chop, is another donut.”
No response as Fitz poured coffee then returned the green-rimmed pot to the burner.
Chase looked at the man’s fat hands. Creepy. Not a visible callous, soft as any woman’s. Yet, that old man’s soul was as calloused as a legion of demons.
Chase spat, “Hey listen, Porky, it’s not free refills here.”
Ignoring Chase, Fitz walked back to his throne as the kid moved down the aisle, mindlessly looking up and down the candy section. The kid, now head-on with Chase, Fitz would see only the kid’s profile. Chase picked up his coffee and grabbed a small bag of apples at the end of the aisle where he hesitated… waiting. The boy looked directly at him and shook his head back for the hair to fall away from his eyes.
Greasy, black, curly strands masked the sides of the kids face. Early twenties. Small in size, slightly shorter than Fitz. Not a bad looking kid, just greasy.
Could you be any more obvious, boy?
If this kid was trying to get some sort of silent coded message to Chase, he was an amateur for sure.
The kid must’ve realized his mistake as he shook it off and looked back to the candy counter. He chose a candy bar. As Chase approached the counter, he thought the kid would come up behind him. Instead, he went back to the newspapers.
Moron.
Julia rang Chase up at the register while throwing a sideways glance to the boy. “You know the guys will want donuts instead, Chase.”
Chase mumbled, “ah huh.”
Julia continued conversation, while Chase continued to be distracted with the kid and Fitz. “Heading for the city tonight, huh? LakeRidge Seafood I hear?”
Chase turned momentarily to Julia and gave a polite smile with an affirmative nod and then quickly returned his attention to the kid. The boy continued with a newspaper, picking it up and putting it down, up and down, up and down. He wanted to rip the paper out of the kid’s hand and whack him upside the head, instead, Chase muttered, “Mindless idiot.”
Again, Julia looked over at the boy. He was making them all uncomfortable. Not because he was dangerous but more likely, stupid.
“Frankie’s stopping by this mornin’, huh, Chase?”
Chase looked politely back in Julia’s direction again and nodded affirmation with a half-smile as he ran his hand over his head. He felt a shift from within and like a commanding officer, he turned to the kid and barked, “Move along, boy, or Chief Fitz here will shoot your ass.”
A startled chuckle let loose from Julia. “Chase Manning!”
The kid looked surprised as he dared a quick glance toward Fitz before walking over to the counter. He dropped two dollars for the candy bar and headed for the exit. Fitz looked back at Chase, eyes squinted.
Something about this kid had Fitz on edge, and Chase would pay a thousand bucks to know what.
Julia called out mechanically after the kid, “Have a good day.”
Fitz turned back, observing the boy through the picture window. He waited until he had walked around the corner of the building, out of sight, before getting up and waddling out behind him.
Outside, Fitz positioned himself at the back of the SUV, now having an open view of the kid.
Julia sighed with relief. “Thanks, Chase.”
She bagged the items and handed him the change.
Chase responded directly this time, “Yeah, sure. Why don’t you meet us at Nan’s for lunch today? Frankie, Joe, and Cody’ll be there.”
A bit of shock displayed in her facial expression followed by a rush of purple and reddish colors, starting with her neck and spreading to her face. She just got busted.
Avoiding his eyes, she said, “Sure. Thanks, Chase.”
Julia may be discreet in her feelings, but Chase was pretty certain of her crush.
Bag in one hand and coffee in the other, he thrust the bottom of the door open with his foot. The door swung back far enough and in a rhythmic fashion for three men to follow before closing behind him.
He would wait for the kid to leave and others to arrive before he left. The kid wasn’t a threat, and Chase knew it. But Julia didn’t.

|OOO|

Coming to a halt at the side of the building, Chase looked from Fitz to the boy. “You’re practically drooling, old man. What is he, one of your catamites?”
No response.
The kid opened his passenger door. Chase walked to his truck to empty his hands should he need them.
Bouncer was on alert but not growling yet. Her eyes darted back and forth from the kid to Fitz. Bouncer hated Fitz.
Chase grabbed a biscuit from behind the seat as he heard a car door slam. Handing the biscuit to Bouncer, she wasn’t interested. Instead, she stared in the kid’s direction and began a low guttural growl. Chase looked at her. She glanced at him. Her growl turned nervously into moans, as she moved her tongue in and out like a lizard before returning her full attention back to the kid. Bouncer took offense position.
The boy was headed their way. Commanding her to stay, Chase shut the door and closed her in.
Turning sharply, Chase snapped, “Whaddya want, kid?”
Bouncer hit full bark mode now.
Chase, surprised as the kid handed him a sweatshirt.
A sweatshirt?
With a turned-up nose, Chase yelled at the boy, “That’s what this is all about? A damn sweatshirt!”
The boy appeared to be lip-syncing as Chase could not hear a single word over Bouncer’s ferocious barking.
Agitated himself, Chase yelled at her, “Quiet!”
He glared at her to let her know this was a one-time command. At this, she toned it down about seven notches to only three, a bearable level. He turned back to the kid with much the same tone in which he just commanded his dog, “Whaja say, boy?”
The boy’s eyes darted all around him with uncertainty.
Chase put the boy’s fear into words, “You made a mistake stopping here.”
Affirming with a nod, the kid abruptly turned from Chase and picked up a light jog toward his car. Chase couldn’t place him. He’d worked on a lot of jobsites, both in the Village and in LakeRidge. He’d worked with many subcontracting crews, directly and indirectly.
This sweatshirt must be from an old jobsite, but why all the fuss to give it to me?
He watched as the kid pulled out and headed for the T. Fitz, still stationed at the rear of his SUV, was staring after the boy as well. The kid led a trail of black smoke lingering in his wake.
Okay. What in the hell was that all about?
Chase dropped the sweatshirt behind the seat when he got a whiff of… mothballs. Ignoring the shirt and the repulsive scent along with it, he turned to Bouncer. With Fitz at a distance and the kid gone, she would now chew on her biscuit. He assured her everything was okay. Having cleaned his truck thoroughly earlier, Chase’s eyes swept the interior for something to take to the dumpster. Anything.
The kid was a threat to Fitz. Why? Chase hoped he might learn what it was for future leverage. Though Fitz would tell him nothing, not directly at least, Chase would carefully watch the man’s body language and listen to what the man didn’t say – maybe learn something. Fitz would also try to learn what Chase knew about the kid – which was nothing.
Taking Bouncer’s box of biscuits from behind the seat, he dumped them into a small built-in compartment on the floor beside the blue prints. Letting the seat fall back into place, he closed the door and headed to the dumpster.
Fitz stood watching as Chase ignored him.
Pushing back the heavy lid to the dumpster once again, Chase tossed the box in and let the cover drop with another loud and nearly echoless thud. He replaced the sign and headed back toward the truck, pretending like he wasn’t playing the game.
Chase feigned slight surprise that Fitz had cornered him. Now about eight feet away, Fitz was just where Chase expected him to be. No matter how many times he saw the fat man, he was repulsed at the sight of him – anew each time.
Chase halted… waiting.
Glancing over to where the kid had just been parked, Fitz nodded before turning towards Chase. Rubbing his hands together, Fitz looked down at them. He spoke barely above a whisper, “He’s not my catamite. He didn’t return my sweatshirt.”
Chase raised his upper-body to a height that felt like he was ten feet tall. His facial expression gave nothing away as he silently applauded Fitz for the witty comeback. Instead, Chase sneered, “And you, old man, have been a cop since before I was born. Isn’t it time you expired?”
Fitz shifted his grossly distorted body. Pulling his shoulders back, he brought his hands to his waist and tucked his thumbs in the sides of his belt for lack of hips to settle them on. His elbows pointed like extended wings. He appeared to be readying for battle. Chase chuckled at the sight.
A perfect diamond shape – absolutely pitiful.
“Okay, old man, let’s do this.”
Chase considered the spats with Fitz at this level as cat and mouse play. But inside… there was a much more fatal game playing out. How many would get caught in the crossfire?

|OOO|

Fitz did a slow 360 of the parking lot turning from one side to the other. The place was momentarily abandoned, except for Julia inside the store. She wouldn’t be able to see Chase from her location inside the building, because the outside wall where he stood was solid brick. Chase looked up and saw the surveillance camera.
It just might be on.
With no one near to hear, the old man whispered, “Throwaway?”
Chase had been half staring at the sky when the word “Throwaway” settled just outside his mental grasp. Cocking his head to the left, Chase studied the man for a moment as the word wormed its way into his mind. Flipping back the pages of time, two letters surfaced, K and C.
Throwaway…
KC?
The face of a young girl began to take shape in his mind…
Throwaway. Prostitute. The bug-wonder boy really is a prostitute?
KC?
His mind unable to sort it all out, but still, he could see the pain in her face… and he knew why her face was pained without knowing the details. He also knew that Fitz just made a psychological attack on his mind, his childhood.
The children of the Shelter.
Chase looked upon Fitz as he bubbled with momentary satisfaction; pleased with the reaction that he could clearly see on Chase’s face.
His adrenaline spiked. He could kill the man – here, in this moment!
Chase pulled his head high and stiffened his neck, pitting one foot just in front of the other. Rolling his fingers into a hard fist, he allowed the rage to build as he squeezed his hands with all of his strength. Logic quickly departed and all masked humor vanished. Chase entered a dangerous zone. Lethal hissing disgorged from his lips, “I ain’t ten anymore ‘n your pine box is waiting, old man, however that day may come.”
In silence they stood off, but Chase’s mind was anything but silent. Inside his head he heard a low rumble in the distance moving fast at him like a jet-powered train. The rumble quickly moved to a roaring protest, and he was uncertain if the rumble was for him, or against him.
Chase silenced the babble with an image of a diamond-shaped casket, custom-made.
Like a pregnant woman in her ninth month, Fitz began to soften, unable to hold his weight upright. A look of uncertainty replaced his smugness. Chase was certain his own body now displayed what his intentions were screaming.
Kill... Kill… Kill now!
Good.
Fitz swept the surroundings once again. Likely this time, actually looking for a witness should he need one.
“This is my time now, Fitz. Your ruling days in this Village and over me are done. Done, damn it!”
No response.
Chase held his position, “You started this and I’ll finish it.”
These words mustered up the feel of sweat in Chase’s right hand.
Fitz remained silent, though he was likely searching his mind for another verbal assault to toss out.
Chase bolted his upper body forward without moving his feet.
Fitz stumbled back.
With a light but sarcastic chuckle, Chase mocked, “You know it.”
Chase may never know what leverage just sputtered up the highway in that Volkswagen, trailed by black smoke and sulfur, but something was evolving and Fitz appeared to be losing control.
The old man teetered. Color drained from his face. Chase could see by Fitz’s expression that his confidence was shaken. He let his mind conjure up an image of a lid opening… the lid to a casket. He imagined the diamond-shaped man inside the casket as a grin twisted on his face.
God, I hope so. And let it be soon.
Fitz regained his sense of false dignity as he pulled his thumbs out of the sides of his belt and let his hands fall loosely to his sides. He pulled back his weight, while tugging at his belt to right his pants. Fixing his eyes on the dumpster, the old man studied the distance between them – looking for that safe distance.
He wanted a witness.
Julia.
Though she would stand for Chase, she would not lie for him. Fitz knew it as well as Chase, and Fitz would use it to his advantage. Fitz’s smugness returned again. He felt safe. Chase readied himself for the blow.
He watched as the old man made his transformation. His facial features began to relax. With his eyes slightly squinted, a smile slowly formed on his tubby cheeks.
The man’s voice returned to a repulsive whisper and mingling with another, perhaps a wicked spirit… the two voices resonated as one.
“Thrown away and Forgotten.”
Chase narrowed his mind and his eyes as he stared at the lips that just whispered… death?
And he knew this without knowing how he knew this; that the combination of these words meant death. Chase thrusted himself forward, and with only a few feet between them now, he could easily kill the man.
Chase spewed, “Who the hell’r you threatnin’ here?!”
Fitz remained still with his eyes fixed upon Chase.
Somewhere in the midst of it, Julia had stepped outside. Other vehicles were pulling in now and Sylar Downs was amongst them; all in total, a small audience.
The old man studied Chase for his reaction to those words, probing inside of Chase’s mind for the memories. Although greatly decreased, Fitz continued to have this power over him and God help him… Chase would kill the man for it someday.
With his back to those who had pulled in, Fitz held his ground as some lingered for gossip-sake while others went about their store business. Sylar Downs had been one of those to go inside.
Chase relaxed his hands only for a moment, enough to allow the blood to return to them.
In a voice as town friendly as he could muster, knowing that he had an audience and now one of his cronies within a safe distance, he dared… “Say hello to Frankie for me would you, Chasee boy.”
In a few strides, Chase closed the distance. Ready in his hand was a… knife.
A knife?
With the feel of sweaty metal in his hand, he knew he looked like a mad man ready to kill as the onlookers began to shift.
Somewhere in the far distance, he heard a small voice. “Chase.”
Blinking once, twice, three times, he gave a light shake of his head shaking the voice off with it. Like a boomerang, the small voice found him again; “Let’s be best friends.”
He let his head bounce part way down, a slight display of momentary defeat. He remembered why he didn’t kill Fitz… why he hadn’t killed him to this day.
Frankie.
Chase looked up and found Julia. It wasn’t Julia’s voice he heard, yet she echoed Frankie’s voice in her steadfast presence. Nan would say, “God speaks to us when we need Him – and in a way that we understand.”
Chase would never understand this spiritual game all about him, but he knew it was real because he’d watched from a distance… both sides of the battle field.
Julia stood her ground. She would not leave now until Chase left. She’d been here before with Fitz and Chase but today – they reached a lethal level.
Chase felt his sensibility being restored. The toxicity that Fitz just spewed all over him was losing its grip. For now at least.
Sylar Downs came around the corner, by now he realized something must be wrong, as the store was completely unattended. With Fitz’s back to him, Sylar looked from Fitz to Chase, then from Chase to Fitz, before turning to Julia.
Julia took her eyes off Chase and looked towards Sylar. Without a word, Chase could hear Julia’s challenge to Sylar, “Are you with us or against us?”
With everyone still, every one silent, Sylar moved first. He slightly tilted his head towards Julia before twisting his upper body in her direction. Having formed a conclusion, he turned back to Chase and nodded.
Using a casual tone, Sylar spoke to the backside of Fitz. “Hey Chief, few things happenin’ you might wanna know.”
With his eyes steady on Chase, Fitz replied to Sylar, “Yes, Captain. Be right there.”
Fitz shot Chase one more challenging glare, and with a neighborly nod he said his farewell, “Good day to you, Mr. Manning.”
With a plastic smile, Chase nodded in continuous affirmation as his words followed Fitz toward the black SUV, “However that day may come…”
Fitz turned to face the onlookers and waved at the small audience with his pudgy, putrid hand as he yelled out, “What a lovely day people. Lovely indeed.”
Julia went back inside. Sylar glanced at Chase with a friendly nod, turned, and headed for his cruiser.
Chase spat on the ground where Fitz had stood and then walked to his truck. He stood there for a moment without opening the door. He watched as Fitz pulled out and Sylar got inside his own vehicle. Chase took a few deep breaths, steadying his heart rhythm. A lot had just transpired, and those who had witnessed it, had no idea how much.
His right hand still felt the phantom sweatiness of metal. Finding it safe now, Chase looked down and opened his hand. It was empty. No knife.
He looked to the back seat of Sylar’s cruiser. No military man with war paint.
Chase Manning knew that his mind worked differently than most. Someday he would snap. He whispered to himself, “Maybe not today. But someday.”
He tapped his pocket, the knife was secure.



Chapter 2

|XXX|

Tsar rolled the knife back and forth in his hand, feeling the weight and solidity of it. This knife, more than an object, represented a way of life, a reminder to be vigilant, always.
I hate this knife.
A light tap from the bunkroom hall door echoed into the scarcely furnished conference room.
Gloves. Gloves was a new member and the only other soldier currently present at the Southside Bunker.
Beginning with the Colonel’s arrival, the Bunker would soon be in full activation. Some soldiers would accompany the Colonel, and even more would follow in the coming days.
“Enter.”
Gloves opened the door and stepped inside quickly, standing to attention, then saluting.
“At ease, soldier.”
“Yes, sir.”
Tsar motioned for Gloves to sit. They’ve learned to share a chuckle or two on occasion tickling their imaginations as to what freedom might be like. Within the System, there was no other that Tsar openly engaged. Gloves spoke the same tongue, had the same built and strength as Tsar, yet their skills and their goals were as different as life is to death.
The gloves he wore; one green and the other gray, Tsar could only guess why. Gloves nickname was obvious, but why he never removed his gloves was a mystery. The grenade that hung from his belt-loop was live. And for this – they both knew why.
Like Tsar, Gloves was mission-oriented; Tsar to survive and Gloves to self-terminate, should the System fail in its duty to serve the Network. The System and the Network… not one in the same, and yet, both served to the same end.
Sitting up straight in his seat, Gloves made direct eye contact, “Sir, when is the Colonel scheduled to arrive?”
“I’m waiting for the official call from the Senator. I suspect it’ll be some time tonight.”
“Is there anything in particular I can do to be of service?”
“No. Not yet, soldier.”
Tsar would be working from three different locations; The Jr. Command Center, the Sr. Command Center, also known as The Communications Center, but primarily he would work from the Bunker, also known as the Networking Room.
They both looked around the Bunker. It was designed to resemble the Detention Center that Tsar had been sentenced to in Germany. But here, the prisoner’s chamber was vacant – for now at least.
“So we’ll be running this little Village according to the ways of the Network. That’s the immediate goal I understand. What exactly is the end goal? Ugh, umm you know boss… the big picture?”
“I don’t know the details like the Colonel does. But here’n there I pick up on some things.”
Swiping his forefinger in front of his own face, Gloves insisted, “Do tell.”
Leading with a light cough to clear his throat, “Well now, I do know that the Network is rapidly moving their agenda toward the famous One World Order – a “Global Rule” as some call it. I stumbled across an article while I was in Germany about the Georgia Guidestones constructed out in Elbert County by a Robert Christian or an R.C. Christian. And as far-fetched as it sounds, the richest and most powerful men on earth plan to depopulate the world to approximately 10% of what it is today to conserve the planet’s natural resources. Once their desired infrastructure is complete, only a maintenance force of slaves will be needed. The rest of humanity, well, they are considered to be useless consumers of the earth’s resources.”
With a sly chuckle, “You don’t think we will be amongst the few survivors when they actually pull this off do you?”
“Maybe. Maybe not. But let’s remember that I finished within the top 10 percent worldwide during my training days. I’m a good soldier, good slave, whatever. And I have their blood. I do know this much; if we’re not on the side of the Network, it’s a definite lose. Either way”… Tsar tilted his head and arched his eye brows… “It’ll be a helluva ride.”
Gloves chuckled in response and then asked, “Sir. How do they plan to actually pull this off, annihilate like what, seven billion people?”
“Well, the few times I’ve been co-present with the Colonel, I learned that they plan first for a financial collapse that’ll make the great depression look like a picnic. They’ll manipulate stocks and interest rate changes. Governments will recall all debts immediately, and most people will not be able to pay their debts, and this will cause a worldwide financial panic. Then, there’ll be a military takeover, region by region, as the government declares a national emergency and martial law.”
“People will panic. The government will justify its move as being necessary to control the hysteria. Those who are not sympathetic to our cause will resist. That’s where our training comes in. We’ve been trained for hand-to-hand combat, crowd control, and, if necessary, we… will… kill – to control the crowds. And just as we are doing here in this Village; military bases are being setup all over the world.”
“Speculation of two, even as high as ten percent, of the entire world’s population is either Network, or sympathetic to the cause of the Network. Even the local non-Network military will be overcome as the Network will have regional cell groups with highly trained leaders and immeasurable weaponry and ammo at their disposal. We are counting on the element of surprise.” Tsar winked as he finished his summary of the events to come.
Gloves raised his hands in the air and spread his arms wide, “That’s what we’re here for then – to control the crowds? Oh hell! It’s a great time to be alive.”
Tsar smirked, “Yes, it is.”
“How many organizations are involved?”
“It’d be easier to mention how many are not involved. The Network has infiltrated every level of the media, banking systems, educational systems, government agencies, the sciences including the medical fields, and every religion on the face of the planet.”
“Then you make a good point, sir. If we are not on the side of the Network, it’s a definite lose.”
Tsar looked up at the clock on the wall and nodded his pre-dismissal before dropping his head to the pile of reports in front of him. He began shuffling the reports as he replied, “There’re a lot of factors that need to align first. But I know this much – I’m here and you’re here. They are positioning us all around the globe – so it seems as though the majority of dynamics necessary to move forward, have been met.”
Pointing to the door for Gloves to exit, Tsar concluded, “If there’s nothing else…”
Holding up his index finger, “Yes, sir, actually there is. I understand that you made contact with your personal target. Will you be inspecting his old stomping grounds – the Orphanage?”
“Yes. I’m heading out around noon to check the structural integrity of the building, and to answer your question about Chase Manning, not exactly.” Tsar considered how Manning had stepped forward earlier, seemingly sensing his presence nearby. He may even sense his days were now numbered.
“Will he be a challenge, sir?”
With a slight dip of his head, Tsar responded, “Perhaps.”
Pointing to his own grenade, Gloves questioned, “Why not blow him into a big pile o’ crap? I’ll have it done before nightfall.”
The truth was, that even within the System, there were rules. The Colonel had constructed the Southside System long before Tsar could remember and dictated who moved and when they moved. The Colonel even had rules on the touching of hands.
Tsar raised his eyebrows. “Where’s your sense of sport, soldier?”
Shifting in his seat, Gloves also shifted the conversation with a smug expression of satisfaction as he looked around the Bunker, holding his arms wide open. “We’re finally here, sir.”
“Yes, we are. And it’s about damn time.”
“That it is, sir. That it is.”
After a short time of silence, Gloves nodded to the door on his left which led down into the tunnels, “Have you begun to explore the tunnels to see if there’s any activity?”
With a quick wave of his hand, “Now there’s something productive you could do.”
Tsar stood. Gloves followed his lead. “I’ll do it right away, sir. May I be dismissed?”
With a nod of approval, Tsar responded, “Dismissed.”
Tsar had been dreading the tunnel expedition and particularly these ones, and he wasn’t sure why.

|XXX|

As the door closed behind Gloves that led down the stairs and into the underground tunnels, Tsar caught shadow movement on the wall. The mirror captured his image. From across the room, he took a moment to look at his reflection, turning his face in all angles. He turned and spat on the floor. He hated his image.
Meeting Manning twenty years ago for the first time on Jagged Island, it was kill or be killed. Everything was a setup, everything a test. Manning failed a crucial Systems test. So began the harshest two weeks of Tsar’s life.
After surviving youth camp and their additional four-year sentence before them; Manning went on to somewhat of a normal life; high school, math nerd, sports freak – while Tsar went into lockdown. But the championship game, that belonged to Tsar.
A smile broke on his face. Tsar held in his possession the championship sweatshirt titled for the winning game; a game that he won – not Manning.
From high-school, Tsar went into Special Forces, Network Special Forces. Manning went off to the Navy. Neither had a choice.
Turning to the wall on his right, a picture hung there which reminded Tsar that beyond his vengeance of Chase Manning was his allegiance. He looked into the faces of the double-headed Phoenix and bowed in honor of the Network Forces. With his hands opened at his side, he curled them both into tight fists, reciting the ritual;

..WITH A FIERCE HAND..

Each Phoenix head appeared to nod in the direction of battle, one to the east and one to the west, commanding followers to engage the rebel and dominate the land. Above the double-headed creature, a jeweled crown of royalty was shared, topped with a triangle enclosing the double number three. In midair, the Phoenix claws clutched the sword of death as the smoke rose from below. Engulfed in smoke… there lied the earth.

Out of chaos comes order.

Now an overused phrase desensitizing its true meaning, nevertheless, it would all be beneficial as Network forces were being activated in most parts of the world. The more desensitized the populace was, made them more adaptive for the changes to come. The underground movement had transitioned to the surface slowly over the decades, and unless people were involved with Network goals or strongly opposed, the majority didn’t notice or didn’t care. This movement rising with only a shifting of words…

The One World Order.

The final phase had begun. Countless centuries before him, his ancestors had hoped they would see it, trained for it… lived to train the next generation… and died waiting.
The one essential that had remained constant throughout the years – was funding. To fund the world’s most fierce war to end all wars, massive amounts of funds, in all forms, were being generated and stored. And like his part in the high school football championship game, Tsar had a very small part here in this Village, incognito of course.
Meanwhile, Chase Manning had a debt to pay. He owed Tsar his life and his freedom.
Tsar would take his freedom.



Chapter 3

|OOO|

Chase pulled into the jobsite. The trip from the store to his workshop, from the workshop to the jobsite was a blur. A blur of questions…
The kid who handed me a sweatshirt, what was that about? Why was Fitz so threatened by the kid? How would I know that a throwaway is a child prostitute? And that forgotten means… death? And KC. KC from my childhood KC?
He tucked away the thought of his childhood friend for now. He’d have to deal with Fitz before Fitz brought any harm to the people that Chase loved. The memory of his childhood dog, Grizz, came to mind. His rage began to mount.
Chase and Fitz have had many skirmishes over the past ten years, and Fitz usually kept a safe distance – but today lines were crossed, from both sides.
He looked to the rearview mirror, and behind him was the trunk of a beech tree. Today was a special day and Fitz be damned if he thought he was going to steal it.
However that day may come…
Chase turned his eyes back to the driveway in front of him and ruffled his hair fiercely, chasing it all away. He imagined the chaos inside his head now running away from him, scurrying up into that beech tree like the chipmunks and squirrels do when they seek refuge from Bouncer.
Taking a deep breath, he nodded to reassure himself and then looked at his hands. “These are my hands,” he whispered.
He got out of the truck as Bouncer jumped to the ground behind him. Starting at the edge of the forest with her nose to the ground, she began to make her rounds, reminding the nearby creatures that the boss was back. The usual squawking of red squirrels began to protest.
Walking to the newly framed structure, Chase inhaled the smell of fresh milled pine, a scent that empowered his manhood even. He let off a loud whistle to be heard over the blaring radio playing John Mellencamp and his Little Pink Houses.
Bouncer, who was roaming the edge of the forest halted, looking to her master. Realizing this call wasn’t for her, she went back to her rounds.
Joseph Miller and Cody Workman made their appearance as they descended from the building. Cody is a tall, square man and Joe is short and well… just a short man. Chase walked over and set the fruit down on the saw horse.
As Joe shut down the compressor, Cody walked towards him announcing, “Got the roof all shingled, boss, ready to start the second level windows after break.”
Chase threw Cody a juice. “Nice work, or as you Mainerd’s would say… pissah.”
Cody chuckled and confirmed, “Yessah. It’s pissah, boss. But we are Mainers not Mainerd’s.”
All three chuckled. Cody was becoming more comfortable with both Chase and Joe. Friendship and trust amongst them was building.
Cody’s an average looking man. He’s twenty-six years old and stands a bit more than six feet tall. He’s strong with his square features and has feet the size of Sasquatch. His dark brown, military buzz-cut hair matched his eyes. Joe Miller followed directly behind Cody.
A few inches behind Cody, Joe sneered at the man, “Suck up.”
Joe, a Village native, is the same age as Cody. He’s strong, witty, and way too chatty. Several inches shorter than his co-workers, Joe is wiry and fast. Handsome at 5’7” with a head full of dark hair pushed back by sunglasses, exposing his sky-blue eyes. The boy had a rugged build to make up for his small size. For as lippy as he could be, he certainly had a way of changing negative atmospheres.
Chase threw a juice at Joe like a football, “You get those windows carried to the second floor, little Joe?”
Catching the juice with precise and swift movement, Joe answered, “Got the single-windows to the second floor and getting it prepped, boss. I need help with the large stationary windows. And don’t call me that.”
“Call you what? Little Joe?”
Joe sneered at Chase.
The job would be done a week early. Frugal use of materials and good weather had worked in their favor. Frankie would share some of the profit with the crew. Chase would keep them busy between this job and the lake job with odds and ends, or, they could take a few days off with their bonuses.
All teasing aside, Chase had an exceptional crew, small as it was. He looked to both and complimented them, “Good work, men.”
Walking toward a small oak tree shaded from the sun, Joe scoffed at the bag of apples sitting on top of the saw horse as Chase and Cody took their seats on turned-over five gallon buckets.
“You want junk food, use your own dollar. If I’m buying, that’s what you’re gettin’. We all know you’ll take a free apple before you ever pull a dollar from your own shallow pocket.”
Joe looked at the apples as though he suddenly remembered that he was starving, grabbed one from the bag, and took a huge bite. Apparently a wide airway as he continued to run his mouth, while taking bite after bite.
Smacking the chunks around in his mouth, he took his seat and looked to Cody. “Hey, dude, you gotta date this weekend?”
Staring at his boots as though the boots had asked the question, Cody flatly replied, “No.”
With assurance, Joe winked and replied as he finished the first apple and grabbed another, “I can set you up, brothah.”
Cody didn’t say anything. Instead, he threw his head back a bit and raised his eyebrows. He snorted as though that were a ridiculous idea. Cody kept his conversations work-related but Joe? He was a piece of work.
Trying to save Cody, Chase yelled at Joe, “Shut your mouth with all that food in it, or I’ll shut it for you!”
Joe smacked louder even, “For goodness sakes, Chaseman. This is a jobsite, not church.”
Chase smirked. Being a church man, Joe didn’t indulge in the same jobsite lewdness as Chase was used to. With his charm and personality, Joe had a menu of ladies interested in him. But he had eyes for only one. Joe denied the truth that his girl’s intentions had shifted direction or that she had bigger plans for her life than what this small Village offered.
Chase took a swig of his orange juice and asked Joe, “What about you, boy? You gonna see your ole lady?”
Joe grabbed a stick next to him and whipped it at Chase. Chase fell back as it sped past his chest. “Why do you call her an ole lady, Chase? She’s only 23. And her name is Lauren.”
Cody watched their childish exchange then looked back to his boots, “She’s good to look at, too.”
As though it were the first time Cody had ever spoken in his life, both Joe and Chase stopped all bantering. Joe sucked in his breath and held it with his eyes wide in shock. They were both impressed that Cody spoke so openly. Chase straightened his torso and raised his eyebrows in mild shock himself.
Joe finally let the air out of his lungs and gave Cody a friendly punch in the arm. “Thanks, Cody. So…? How bout I set you up this weekend? That’d be wicked cool, huh?”
Slowly looking up from his boots, Cody moved his gaze out into the forest. The forest stretched as far to their right as the eye could see. Beyond that, the forest fell into a deep valley. From the valley, a mountain rose high on the other side. Cody lowered his eyes back to his boots and replied. “Nah, girls think I’m weird.”
Chase looked to Joe. He looked to Cody, then back to Joe. He busted out in mocking laughter. “Hey, man, if Joe here can get himself such a looker, anyone can, and he is weird and definitely ugly.”
Joe grimaced. “I am?”
With a nod confirming his opinion, Chase looked directly at Joe, “Yes, you are.”
Rolling his shoulder in Chase’s direction, then throwing him one of his steely glares, Joe appeared dead serious. “I’m gonna tell Nan you’re picking on me again, Chase.” Joe snapped back around and whipped the apple core out into the woods as though that would be the last word on the subject as he quickly moved to yet another subject.
“Hey, Frankie just got back from the conference, huh? Gonna see Julia today do you think, bossman?”
Chase noted how Cody shifted a little at the sound of Julia’s name and let his eyes settle back on those Sasquatch feet of his. His instincts were right on both accounts. The crush was mutual. Chase replied to Joe, “I imagine they’ll see each other today, do their silly little welcome dance and all that ridiculous oohing and awing kind a thing that girls do.”
“Hey, man, that’s what best friends do. Just like me and you.” Joe sang the last sentence like Howdy Doody making both Cody and Chase roll their eyes. Chase would never admit it, but Joe and his sister Julia were some of the most loyal of friends. Together with their parents, they were some of the finest people he’d ever known next to Nan and Frankie.
Chase stood up and waved his arm towards the structure as he walked to the truck to get his tool belt. “We are not friends, punk. I’m your boss, and you are my paid slave. Now get outta my face, and get back to work.”
Joe stood and cocked his head. “Now you know that’s not true, Chaseman. You ‘n me… we are brothahs.” With a harrumph, Joe left for the frame and Cody laughed at Joe’s melodramatic performance as he fell in behind.
Chase let out a stifled chuckle as he walked to his truck to get his tool belt, yelling over his shoulder, “Lunch is at Nan’s today.”
The boys shouted out their gratitude and Joe especially so, with yet more free food to devour.
Opening one of the side utility boxes, Chase slid out his tool belt. Going through it quickly, he noticed the cat’s-paw was missing. He fumbled through more items in the utility box searching for it when he sees it, hidden under two heavy extension cords.
He put it back in his tool belt and muttered, “Sure, Joe, you put things back, just never where you find them you little twit.”
Bouncer let off a yelp as the sound of a familiar vehicle slowed down on the main road. Chase looked up.
Frankie.
This could be a pleasant distraction.
Chase considered the morning’s events with Fitz and grumbled, “Or not…”

|OOO|

Given the signal, Warden jumped out of Frankie’s SUV. He ran towards Chase, licked his hand, then turned to Bouncer who growled at him. Frankie’s German Shepherd out-weighed his Australian Shepherd by fifty pounds. Growling at Warden, Bouncer didn’t want him near to where her water, fortress, or biscuits were.
Warden backed down.
“Knock it off, Bounce.” Chase turned to Warden to reassure him, “Okay, Warden. Good boy.” Bouncer grumbled in disgust and moved to the side while Warden licked Chase’s hand again in gratitude. Warden took a drink from Bouncer’s dish.
Chase leaned back on the grill of his truck and watched Frankie closely. He lost himself in her, while the rest of the world shrank from view.
Coming to a halt six inches from him, hands on her hips. Defiant. Defiantly sexy. “What? No hello?”
Forming a half grin, his eyes danced as he slowly pulled her into his arms, “Happy Anniversary, Francine Alexandra Churchill Manning.” Leaning back into his truck, he pulled her with him. He was sure she would not protest. Not today.
Locking her in his embrace, with his arms crossing down into the small of her back, he stared deep into her soft blue eyes encircled by brilliant white. Certain to draw the attention of his men, he lingered to show them just what true love was all about. Frankie blushed. Only on special days could he get away with this. And today, was a very special day.
Submitting herself into his embrace, her body relaxed on his and her lips began to part slowly. “I know what you’re doing, Chase.”
Inhaling her breath, he could taste her even before their lips touched. With a twinkle in her eyes, he took advantage with a long, slow, and wet kiss. For a brief moment, they were lost to their surroundings when she pulled back. With a smile in her eyes, they didn’t need to say it; she was his… and… he was hers.
She smiled and whispered, “Happy Anniversary, husband.”
He marveled at his wife’s genuine wholesomeness and beauty, but only briefly, as she began to squirm in protest of the sensual embrace. With a sort of shyness to her grin, she seemed to do her best to sound business like, “I’ve come for a reason, not to be part of some manly display.”
Chase eased up his hold and she stepped back from him, pulling her ribbed tank-top back in position around her thin and firm waist. He lowered his head and rubbed the back of his neck, “Oh, yes.” Clearing his throat for effect as he waved his hand in the air, “Of course, boss lady, what can I do for you today?”
He studied the intensity on her face; a look of satisfaction and not question.
She hasn’t heard about the incident at the store yet, but she’ll know soon enough.
By her expression, she was prepared to share something that she believed would delight him, and yet nothing could delight him more than having her for his wife. Still, he’d play along.
“Last night you authorized me as the accounts receivable manager, remember?”
Chase nodded, and put on a serious face. “Yes, ma’am.”
She had arrived home from the conference late last night and was all fired up. He’d only agreed to her new position so he could get back to sleep.
She pulled some papers from the side waist of her shorts like magic and smiled, “Here.” But the paper was more valuable than just paper.
Five checks! Chase was pleasantly shocked. Looking over the check amounts, his mouth dropped. “Wow, baby, you got all this – just this mornin’! That‘s what I make for building two of these houses. I been waiting for these cheap sonsa…” Remembering who he was talking to, he dropped the last bit, “for three years to pay me. How’d you do it?”
Hands on those sexy hips and leaning to the left slightly, she smirked as she looked from the corner of her eyes. “It was really, really hard, Chase.”
“Frankie?” Chase turned up his tone so that she’d stop teasing, sincerely anxious to know, and extremely pleased about the delayed income.
Like a diva, she let her right hand float freely. “I simply told them that I’d be there within the hour and to have a check ready.”
“Noooo! Really? That was it?” Now she certainly had one up on him or five if he counted the checks.
Flipping through, “Wow, woman, you are amazing! These men have no regard for the big, bad carpenter with a hammer, but send the innocent, sweet, little woman in to do his job and the checks are signed!” He grabbed her by the waist and pulled her back to him again, “I’m so glad you’re my woman, you are smarter and braver then ten men!”
Frankie replied, “But... one outta the six held back his payment, said he needed to discuss some things with you first. I told him you’d be over sometime next week.”
Chase flipped through the checks again, “Which one was it? Ah, it was Mick. Figures. Hopefully, I won’t need any more work from these slackers and Uncle Lou will keep us busy around the Big Lake.” Flashing a grin, he twirled her around, “Ten percent was the agreement, right?”
“Sure, Chase, I’ll take my ten percent and put it into our checking account.”
Hardening his face to show her how serious he was, “No, I want you to have it. Just for you, whatever you want. Anything.”
He winked at her, walked around to the driver’s side of the truck, and grabbed the floor plans that “Uncle Lou” had given him. Pulling them out, he rounded the truck again to where she stood. “If you get a chance, babe, run these numbers ‘n get back to Shelby at Uncle Lou’s office, okay?”
Kissing him, “I will. And you remember the plans for the rest of the day, right?”
Double checking that nosey Joe was watching, he handed her back the checks to deposit. Chase could see Joe’s arms flailing from inside the windowless picture frame, and certain that his mouth was running without volume, mouthing what he’d never dare speak aloud, at least not to Frankie. The boy had a tight hand with a dollar. He’s so cheap; he started riding to work with Cody, not wanting to spend money on gas to drive the few miles to work every day. Cody couldn’t be more willing and it had little to do with Joe.
“Yes, ugh, um… plans.” He tapped the side of his head with his finger and looked up as he recited them. “I’ll be at the Resort with the guys for lunch around 11:15, but keep it light, doll, tell Nan it’s too hot for a Thanksgiving dinner today. Okay?”
“Having sandwiches ‘n chips, don’t worry, dear.”
He nodded gratefully. Nan loved to cook and she had perfected her hobby.
Chase continued, “Then this afternoon I’ll meet you at the house, shower, and then off to LakeRidge City for dinner, and then… dessert at home. I won’t be late. Promise.”
Frankie gave him a quick peck on the cheek. “I love you, Chase.”
He slapped her backend as she walked off, “I love you, too, babydoll, and thanks for bein’ the man I ain‘t.”
Whistling at his wife, Joe waved and yelled out, “Looking good, Frankie baby.”
Frankie smiled and yelled back. “Thanks, little Joe.”
His Frankie, she sure could put a man in his place, big or small. Chase could see Joe as his hands started in protest by her comment, before slowly dropping them to his side, in a show of defeat. He didn’t wait for Frankie’s car door to shut when he started towards Chase.
Throwing his arms out, “Boss man, are you working today? Or are you just waaay too important for common labor? Remember, I need a hand inside with them picture windows. I am but a small man as you people remind me every single day of my life!”
Ignoring Joe’s performance, Chase yelled out after his wife, “Hey, woman. Don’t believe all the dramatics you hear in town.”
She yelled back, “Don’t worry, husband, if it’s about you, I will.”

|OOO|

He watched as Frankie turned the vehicle and headed out. She tooted the horn as she hit the paved road.
Joe came out into the open. He wasted no time and was practically seething. “I knew it. You give her all the money!”
Chase picked up a rock and whipped it at Joe.
Zing.
Joe dodged the rock and now he sneered. “You’re a fool, Chaseman. Givin’ a woman all yer money. Hah! What sorta man can’t handle his own money?”
With a rock in each hand now, Chase whipped them simultaneously, swinging wide from his mid-section. One of the rocks hit Joe’s boot and Chase laughed the words out, “She makes me a man.”
“Stop it, Chase! I think you broke my toe.” Joe took off in a dead run and darted to the side of Chase’s truck.
“I don’t think so, twit. You’re still running ain’t cha?”
Zing.
A look of awe crossed Joe’s face that Chase might dent his new work truck just to throw rocks like a child.
With boisterous and mocking laughter, “That truck don’t mean nothin’ to me little Scrooge boy.”
Seemingly more concerned for Chase’s truck than Chase, Joe put his hands up in surrender. “Okay, you win, boss. No more throwing rocks at the nice new truck.”
Joe popped open the door to the side utility box and started rummaging through it. He ranted on… “I need the cat’s-paw. Where’d ya put it this time boss? Givin’ a woman all yer money, what a loser. I might be a little man, but – I am – at least a man.”
Chase walked casually around the side of the truck to where Joe now stood. He lifted his foot into the back of Joe’s knee, using only enough force to cause him to fall back into him, when Chase locked his arm around Joe’s neck and together they went to the ground.
Breaking Joe’s fall, Chase dropped back first, hitting the ground with a thud. Pushing him off to the side, Chase rolled his legs over the top of Joe’s waist like a wrestler. Pinning him to the ground with his forearm pressed over Joe’s chest, their faces but an inch apart, “Now where did you put the cat’s paw, little Joe? You never put anything back where you find it.”
They stared off into each other’s face. One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three…! Joe burst out in laughter as spittle flew all over his bosses face.
Chase didn’t dare move to wipe it, the wiry twit might slither away. “Stop laughing you sawed off nit-wit!”
Now with a muffled sound, Joe’s face and eyes exploded with laughter as Chase’s weight restricted the boy’s lower abdominal movement. Chase might be in control of the boy’s movement but certainly not his will.
Chase could see that Joe was trying to get his laughter under control as he pleaded, “Get off me, Chaseman. I can’t breathe!”
Chase didn’t move. Joe, trying to look serious, stopped laughing. One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three…! Joe busted out in Chase’s face laughing again with what air he had left in his lungs.
Glancing up at Cody, who stood on the second floor of the roughed in Colonial, Chase could see that Cody, too, was also cracking up.
We must look ridiculous.
Chase began to chuckle. Noting that Joe was turning somewhat purple, he eased up and removed his hold. But before Chase could roll off to the side, Joe stretched up and gave Chase a quick kiss on the cheek.
Joe declared, “I’d die for you, brother.”
Taking Chase off guard, Joe rolled away, fast on his feet, and into a dead run.
Wiping his face from all the contamination of Joe’s spittle, Chase threatened the boy’s life while trying not to laugh through clenched teeth, “You’re dead, kid!”
About ten yards before Joe reached the stairs of the frame, he stopped suddenly. Turning back, he mocked Chase. “Bring the cat’s-paw when you come if you remember the last place I put it… because I can’t!” Proud of himself, Joe threw his arms into the air, then spun back to face the building. Chase could hear Joe’s mocking laughter echo inside the house.
Goof ball. Idiot. Sawed off twit.
Cody’s laughter settled enough to yell, “Ladies! Am I the only one workin’ today?”
Chase heard Bouncer whine, breaking his attention from the sawed-off twit. She needed reassurance that no one was really angry.
“Hey, girl, everything’s okay.” Bouncer came near so Chase reached down to pet her. “Well, everything but little Joe, he’s a nut.”
Chase muckled the five gallon water jug in the back of his truck, tilted it towards him, and rolled it to the tailgate. Dropping the tailgate, he slid the jug to the edge and refilled Bouncer’s water dish. He sat the water dish under the truck. “You stay down here, Bounce, ‘n watch the truck.” Bouncer complied on demand by licking his hand and then took her place.
Chase put his head under the spout and let the cool water pour over his head and face, before heading for the frame. The troll man would need some help with the second-story windows.
The sound of another vehicle slowed down on the highway. Chase looked up to see a black SUV with black windows.
Fitz.
Keeping his eyes firm on the man, Chase stood dead-still, in battle mode, until Fitz was out of site.
He slipped his hand in his pocket, feeling for the knife. Wrapping his fingers around it, he pulled it out.
The words sounded off in his mind, but this time it wasn’t Fitz saying them, instead, a different voice…
“Thrownaway. Forgotten.”
An evil voice. Perhaps more evil than Fitz’s voice, echoed within Chase’s memory.
He looked down to his knife remembering the phantom feel of it in his hand from earlier. Fitz had triggered locked up memories with those words.
Thrownaway. Forgotten.
The words combined intended the threat of death.
Frankie? You dare threatin my wife? That’d be a certain death for you, old man.
Then Chase remembered the greasy kid.
Was it the bug-wonder boy? Is that who you were threatening?
The kid meant no more to Chase than a stranger on the street.
Fear set in at the thought of Fitz near Frankie. Chase never shared his fears with anyone having long ago learned that to reveal fear… only brought more fear.
This time, he let a memory surface without pushing it away.
KC.
Looking over the jobsite slowly, and then out and onto the highway before his eyes settled into the forest beside him… someone was there.
He saw no one, only a large forest of trees. He turned to the other side. No one. But someone was watching.
I’d bet my truck on it.
The thought of his old friend, KC, rushed Chase with another memory. He could see Nan hugging and holding her. KC stood straight, her arms at her side. Perhaps KC was unable to comprehend Nan’s sincere embrace. Nan cried hysterically...

Summer of 1993

“Promise me you’ll always protect my Frankie. Promise me, please.”
When KC didn’t speak, nor return the embrace, Nan pulled back.
Taking a good, long look at KC, Nan said, “I’m so sorry, deeyah. I’m scaring you. You’re young, and you don’t understand a grandmother’s heart. Thank you for saving my Frankie. Thank you.”
With a stoic and nearly robotic tone, KC finally spoke, and with the determination of a dutiful soldier, “Yes, ma’am. I will protect her with my life.”
KC surprised Nan as she reached out and wrapped her arms around Nan’s waist before running off into the woods.

|OOO|

A whistle from Joe broke his reverie. Chase looked out to the road. Slowly the black SUV reappeared, heading back the way it had come. Chase hated him. If he could kill the man, and keep his life with Frankie and Nan as it was now, he would kill Ronald Fitz.
Looking at the slow moving SUV, Chase let the knife fall to the ground. He raised his hands high and let both birds fly.
Not even Joe spewed off his mouth as he looked from Chase to Fitz as Fitz disappeared back up the highway. Chase spat for as far as it would reach and then bent over to pick up his knife.
He looked at it. He hated this knife and the haunting dream that came with it. But he held onto the knife, as though the knife itself could right the wrong that had haunted his dreams for nearly as long as he could remember.
But it was only a dream. Wasn’t it?



Chapter 4

|OXO|

With her back to the front door, Julia was busy sweeping the floor behind the counter. Frankie wondered how much dirt could’ve accumulated as the time was only 8:30 a.m.. At the sound of the chime, Julia yelled out, “Good mornin’.”
Frankie stood silent in the entry way, with the door closing behind her, and watched as Julia bent over to scoop up a pile of dirt into a dust pan.
After not seeing one another for nearly six months, Julia and Frankie had missed each other by only a few hours; as Julia returned home, Frankie was just leaving for a seminar.
Frankie held her position as Julia emptied the dustpan into the trash. With brown hair all about her face, partially covering her twinkling blue eyes, she peeked through to see Frankie grinning at her.
Julia’s eyes took in Frankie’s composure, and as though their thoughts were as one – out rolled the laughter. Laughter of excitement and irony mixed with the love of best friends. Julia dropped the broom and dustpan where she stood, walked from the other side of the counter, and grabbed Frankie around the waist, pulling her in close. Frankie returned the fierce embrace as they continued to hold one another and giggle like children.
“How is my bestest, best girl?” Julia squealed with the delight of a ten year old.
Frankie giggled at the sound of her lifelong friend’s excitement as she replied, “Now that you’re home, I am perfect!”
As Mr. and Mrs. Jedowski from Pine Street entered the store, the girls turned towards them. Julia yelled out her greeting and then turned back to Frankie, laughing once again at how childish they were acting. Composing herself, Julia pursed her lips tightly to stifle her boisterous laughter, while pulling Frankie to the side of the checkout counter. Near a table where they had minimal privacy at least, Julia took Frankie’s hands. Julia’s face softened and her eyes sparkled. “Happy Anniversary, Frankie baby.”
“Awe, thanks, Jules. It’s just like you to remember.”
“Don’t go nowhere.” Julia demanded as she walked behind the counter to her duties.
While waiting for the Jedowski’s to leave, Frankie grabbed a newspaper. Walking back to the table, she passed the glass display filled with ice-glazed Danishes and an assortment of donuts. She really wanted one or two or… maybe one of each. Her mouth started to water at the sight. But she would be strong today. Not that she needed to lose weight; she was strong and fit, exercising every day. But her husband, a nutrition nut, constantly commented on her food choices. She turned away from the temptation.
Frankie watched as Julia tallied up the items for the customers. Julia with her petite figure, she and Joe could be twins they looked so similar. Her facial features, much like that of India Eisley, a brunette with blue eyes and a smile as big as the Village. Joseph is 26 and Julia is 24. Frankie, four years her senior, had babysat them both.
Julia turned to Frankie and chuckled as the door closed, leaving them to speak and act freely. She walked over to Frankie who stood near the table and studied her for a moment. Tilting her head in a sarcastic manner, she said, “Look at you, Frankie. You tease me – you dare you do! What’re you doing today, hmm?”
Frankie’s shoulders fell in agreement. Chuckling she confessed, “Cleaning the cottages with Nan.”
Both chuckling now, they settled into another sisterly embrace. “So why don’t you ‘n Nan hire someone to do that? Nan’s the manager of the Resort and Hotel and you, my dear, the assistant. And… Mr. Silverton paid for your education to assist in the management- not the cleaning.”
Frankie waved her hand casually in the air, “We love it, Jules. We been doin’ it since I was little. Besides, I get to be down at the Lake for these last few weeks with my Nan before the busy season kicks in, instead of the stuffy office at the Hotel.”
With a look of admiration, Julia’s face lit up, “Nan looks wicked good, Frankie. She works hard like she did when we were kids. It keeps her young and definitely spunky. People in this Village either love her or they respect her and stay out of her way… like Fitz.”
With the mention of Fitz, Frankie noticed a shift in Julia’s features. Fitz was a creep and it was no secret. Yet, he ran this Village, and no one challenged his position nor his ethics. Nan says, “It’s all in God’s good timing.”
For Fitz’s sake, his redemption better be soon.
“Sooooo tell me. Whatcha go and get Chase for you guys’ anniversary?”
With a mischievous wink, Frankie put aside the reservations that came to mind, “It’s more like… what did I get us?”
Raising her eyebrows, Julia insisted, “Well?”
If any two people knew how Chase would respond to such a gift, it was Joseph and Julia. Frankie rattled it off, “A second honeymoon in the same place as the first.” Then she held her breath waiting for Julia’s response.
Julia arched her eyebrows.
Not a good sign.
“Wow. Good for you,” she replied flatly. Frankie studied her without responding and waited.
Julia shook her head lightly and as joyful as she could muster, “Hope it goes the way you plan, Frankie baby.”
Frankie lifted her chin with determination exaggerated beyond her true feelings. “This next week’s only the siding and the guys can handle it. It’s a good time and we will go.”
Mirroring Frankie’s excitement, Julia shifted her body language and switched her tone. “And what a wonderful time you’ll both have, because I’m going to pray it to the heavens.”
Dropping her chin and her shoulders, Frankie conceded and confessed. “We’ll need all the prayer we can get, Jules.”
“I won’t let you down, Sis.” Julia’s voice traveled off as she pulled her eyes away, looked out the window to the parking lot, and then back to Frankie while shifting on her feet.
She noted how Julia’s demeanor shifted also. Frankie’s curiosity began to build as she spread out her hands and asked, “So… is there anyone new in your life you’d like to introduce me to… maybe?”
Julia’s cheeks blushed while she shifted eye contact. “No.”
A quiet pause as Frankie studied her.
“Julia?”
Julia giggled. “You nabbed the cutest man on the east coast – more handsome then Chris Hemsworth himself! You left the rest of us around here scroungin’.”
“Come on, Jules, come out with it! Who is he?”
Julia confessed, “Okay. Yes. I am interested in someone.” Tilting her head she added, “He just don’t know it yet.”
Frankie threw her elbows on the counter and leaned in, ready as a sponge to know more as she demanded, “Who?”
Julia smiled as she rang in the paper, and with her eyes twinkling and her shoulders dancing, she teased Frankie, “I’ll letcha know as soon as he knows. Fair?”
Frankie wrinkled her nose. “You know you have to tell me. It’s sisterhood law.”
“I promise I will.” With a more serious tone, “I’m just afraid to step out again, Frankie.”
Sliding a dollar bill on the counter to pay for the newspaper, Frankie spoke with complete confidence. “Fear not my friend and that… is God’s law.”
Julia straightened out a bit and smiled with some reassurance. “Thanks for the reminder. And you’re beginnin’ to sound a lot like your Nan these days.”
“Geeze, thanks! It’s a mighty fine compliment.”
While Julia handed Frankie the change, she turned at the sound of a car as it passed, heading up Center Street. Frankie’s eyes followed her direction. Sylar Downs.
With a slight “hmm” escaping her lips, Frankie turned back to Julia. All giggling aside, Julia’s countenance became serious at the sight of the man. The cops in this Village were all questionable with the exception of Fitz. Fitz, without question, was evil.
Frankie had hoped that when Sylar Downs joined the force that finally there would be one that they could all respect, particularly since this one had built his house right next to her and Chase’s home. Sylar was neighborly enough – but Chase despised him even more so, having accused Fitz of purposely settling Sylar next to them to watch their house and – to watch them.
Frankie wasn’t sure whether or not Chase’s feelings towards Sylar were discriminatory, based upon a general conclusion of all police, or personal. If Chase knew something about Sylar Downs that he didn’t trust, he kept it to himself.
Grateful for the snow machine trails and natural borders of soft and hard wood trees between them, still, Sylar Downs place was close enough that he could hear their conversations at a normal tone in the summer months. And in the autumn when the leaves fell; they could actually see him from their yard when he stood on his back deck.
Turning back to Julia, Frankie noted how she lowered her eyes as though measuring her words carefully. Indeed, she did have something she was holding back, and it was not about her new secret crush.
Julia nodded her head toward the parking lot, “Fitz and Chase had a close one this mornin’, Frankie. So much so, that I left the store unattended to be a witness just in case Chase needed me.” She hesitated then finished, “worse than their usual.”
Frankie felt the familiar knot in the pit of her stomach that invaded when Fitz and Chase were mentioned in the same sentence. She pulled herself to full height, “What happened?”
“I don’t wanna make no trouble for you guys on your anniversary, but I was scared, and I think as his wife you should know.”
“It’s okay, Julia. I won’t say a word to him about it. I promise. Please. Tell me what happened.” Frankie thought back to Chase’s last words to her before she left him at the jobsite, “Don’t believe all the dramatics you hear in town.”
“Well… Chase followed Fitz outta the store this morning and Fitz cornered him at the dumpster. Before that, there was a mysterious third party.”
Frankie squinted and turned her head slightly. “Really? Who?”
“Never seen’m in the Village before, but he was looking for Chase. And that he was looking for Chase is what got Fitz’s attention. The kid left the store. Fitz followed the kid. Chase followed Fitz. I had a bad feeling, so I turned on the monitor to the parking lot. I saw the kid give Chase a jersey, then he took off up the road. I’m not sure why Fitz was so worked up about it, but he stood out there ‘n waited for the boy to leave. I could see that Chase was in a bad way by the way he buffed up. With no sound from the surveillance camera, I went outside to be a witness so that Fitz couldn’t bully Chase. It was the closest I ever seen Chase for wantin’ to strike out at Fitz. Had it not been for Sylar to break Chase’s momentum by simply walking on the scene…”
“Sylar Downs? Chase don’t like him neither.”
“Everyone in this Village knows that, Frankie, neither do most of us in this Village trust him and definitely not Fitz – yet I was grateful he showed up when he did. Him just speaking to Fitz broke the tension and split up the scene. It was good timing. Things were getting real ugly. Sylar even nodded towards me as though he understood my concern.”
Julia seemed to take a moment to collect herself for Frankie’s sake, “I dunno, Frankie baby. I sure hope Chase learns to deal with his hatred of Fitz before he kills Fitz or worse; the hatred destroys Chase.” Turning her head towards the parking lot before looking back at Frankie, Julia added, “Ronald Fitz ain’t worth the spit on the ground in our opinions, even so, let God decide his punishment. Not man, not you, and not me.”
Frankie winked in spite of the moment. “You’re sounding a lot like Nan there yourself. And thanks for telling me, Jules. I won’t say anything to Chase about this, and just maybe he’ll tell me first. I don’t wanna ruin our anniversary, and I don’t want him upset with you.”
Putting her hands out to cover Frankie’s, “It’s fine by me if you wanna share with Chase that I told you this, he’ll know anyway. Besides, I tell you from my heart and not with malice.”
“I know you do, Jules, and thank you for being such a good friend to me ‘n Chase.”
Even more so with this news, Frankie hoped that Chase would accept this gift of a second honeymoon. Maybe some time away might quench some of the endless rage that he had toward Fitz, before Chase’s face made it to the six o’clock news.
Shaking off the thought, she turned to a lighter subject. “So, when I get back from Maine, let’s go shopping, huh?”
“That sounds perfect, and hey, Chase invited me to have lunch at the Resort today.”
Frankie looked at Julia, and in spite of the morning’s situation with Fitz, she was pleased that her husband had been so thoughtful. These sorts of things Chase usually left to her. Progress indeed.
“You never need an invitation, Jules, goodness sakes. I hope you stay home for good now ‘n never leave us, not ever again!”
Julia dipped her head and winked, “You know it, Frankie baby!”

|OXO|

Getting into her SUV, Frankie acknowledged her two-year old, 110 pound German Shepherd, “Okay, boy. Off to Nan’s we go.”
She started the engine. Warden began to bounce around in the back like a puppy at the sound of Nan’s name. Bouncing off the side of the SUV with a thud, Frankie warned him, “Calm down now or no treat.” He dropped into a sitting position on his back end with a thump, trying to be obedient. Unable to contain his excitement as Frankie backed out and directed the vehicle toward the Resort, he began his famous, deep, long groans of excited anticipation. Frankie laughed at his antics. “You are such a performer, Warden.”
She waved to Julia as she left the parking lot. Julia and Joe had been surrogate siblings to Frankie since they were born, as their mother was a surrogate aunt to her. Frankie’s own mother died giving birth. She took with her to the grave, the secret of Frankie’s paternity. Julia’s family was true family, to both her and her grandmother. Chase knew that Julia would tell her about his morning’s skirmish with Fitz. It’s who they are and how they are. Not spiteful but protective.
Stopping at the T, she looked over at the corner of the store. When they were young, there was an ice cream window there. It was where she and Chase had their first date. He was nine or ten and she was five. If it was possible, she was in love with him even then. They’d sat on one of the picnic tables until she finished. He kept reminding her to catch the drips from the melting ice cream, and then like a big brother, he’d wipe her chin. To this day, he wipes her chin.
On their way back to the Resort after their first date, they crossed over to the lake side of Main Street when Fitz pulled up next to them in the cruiser. He called Chase over and told him to come alone. Chase’s hands had begun to shake, and he started breathing really hard like he was scared to death.
He sat Frankie on the embankment facing the lake and told her to sit there and wait for him. Frankie, frightened for Chase, did as she was told. Nan had warned her to mind Chase, or she wouldn’t let her go with him again. After a few minutes the cruiser pulled off, and Chase came over and reached out to Frankie. “Come on, Frankie, I’ll get you home safe.”
Instead of going along Main Street and cornering into the Resort by the road, they crossed through the woods. Chase was trying to act brave. With his entire upper body shaking, he kept looking over his shoulder to where Fitz had been parked, while urging her forward to the Resort in a rush.
He never told Frankie what Fitz had said to him that day, but halfway along the path, he got sick and started throwing up. Twenty-five years later, Fitz still gets to him. They have a history, and whatever the history is, holds the mystery to Chase’s childhood torment that has followed him all through his life and to this very day.
Frankie had a mental puzzle of her husband but she was missing crucial pieces. Those missing pieces, floating somewhere in the past and also in the present, were dangerous to his mental health. And she was sure that most of the missing pieces from his youth had to do with Fitz – and even Chase’s own mother. Chase despised his family claiming that Nan and Frankie were his real family.
Turning left into the Resort, Warden began yapping once again with uncontrolled excitement. “Settle down, boy.” Smiling back at him, Frankie had to admit that this place did bring a sense of excitement. Nan’s love and warmth, mingled with the natural beauty of the Resort, was a perfect treasure.
Hardwood trees lined up on both sides and tunneled over the driveway. Frankie made the slight descent toward the cottages. The big lake was spread out like a mother with open arms. Just past the main house, Frankie came to a stop at Nan’s small lakeside cottage, the staff quarters. Nan’s cottage was nestled in pine trees and sat a few feet higher than the sandy beach, which made for a utopian view.
The owners of the Resort had the main house, eight cottages, and one staff cottage. Frankie had lived in the staff cottage with her grandmother since birth. A widow and an orphan… lived in Paradise.
Getting out and closing the door of the SUV, Frankie turned toward the open water and deeply inhaled. She filled her nostrils with the moisture of the lake, mixed with wet sand and pine trees. She intended to live life here and… to die here. This was where she was born and raised, where she took a knee to Christ. And this was where she met her husband, and all the mystery that came with him.

|OXO|

Opening up the back of the SUV, Warden waited for Frankie to dismiss him. And although his front feet were fast and furious in one place, he remained disciplined. His excitement she could not contain, nor did she want to. It was the best part of his personality. Chase had spent hours each day with the pup for months, reinforcing Warden’s natural instinct to protect Frankie. Voice commands or hand signals were all he’d needed since the age of six months. Truth be known, Frankie felt safer with Warden than she did with her husband. Dogs could hear things, smell things, and see things well beyond human capacity.
She gave the command, “Go.” Seconds later, the back screen door opened and closed. That’s when she heard that beautiful and familiar chuckle filled with delight. Nan.
Frankie kicked off her flip flops, tossed them in the back of the SUV, and grabbed her walking shoes. With her purse over her shoulder and sneakers in hand, she headed for the cottage. The screened-porch went the entire width of the cottage. Nan yelled to her through the screen, “Frankie. Come sit on the porch and have your coffee, deeyah.”
Frankie smiled. “Good mornin’, Nan, and thank you.”
Nan and Gramp migrated from Northern Maine, where the R’s are rarely used in their words. Frankie having been raised by Nan, used the same voice and pronunciations in the early part of her childhood. From grades one through six, Frankie’s speech class diluted that Northern Maine twang, though it still slipped out on occasion.
Stepping onto the porch, Nan sat Frankie’s coffee on a table connected by a chair on each side, a one piece that Gramp had crafted many years ago. Turning toward Frankie, Nan embraced her as though they’d not seen one another in months, and yet they spent time together for work every day except an occasional Saturday.
Frankie inhaled the smell of blueberry muffins that clung to her grandmother’s apron. “Nan! You baked muffins, and you didn’t bring me one?” Any willpower with food drifted away at the smell of her grandmother’s home-made muffins.
“You wait, deeyah, until after our walk. You know you can’t eat only one, and they bloat the tummy like a balloon. You don’t want to get fluffy like your ole Nan, now do ya?”
Raising her eyebrows, she flared her nostrils, “Of course not… Chase.”
Nan chuckled as she walked off with Frankie’s mocking words following her. As soon as the door closed to Nan’s bedroom, Frankie opened the screen door leading inside the house, guided it as it closed softly without sound, and then tiptoed to the kitchen.
Taking a knife, she sliced into the muffin. With her face directly above, she inhaled the steamy aroma as she opened the top of the butter dish for a dab of butter. The butter slid off the warmed knife, and she used the muffin to catch it. Spreading it evenly, she savored the first bite as she looked around the tidy little cottage. 
Home.
With two small bedrooms in the back; one to the left through the kitchen and the other to the right through the living room, a bathroom separated them. A combination kitchen and living room overlooked the lake through a wall of windows. Just above the windows was a small plaque; a plaque with carved handwriting etched with only words, words that her grandfather had lived by.
This small cottage was quaint and cozy, a beautiful place to live life. The winter wind that whipped across the open lake could be brutal, but the beauty of spring, summer, and fall minimized the memory of it. Until of course, winter returned.
Gingerly, she walked back through the living room stuffing the rest of a muffin in her mouth with one hand, while another buttered muffin sat in the other.
Frankie settled back in the seat overlooking the lake. She took a few sips of her coffee and then gathered the checks she’d collected earlier to prepare them for deposit. She chuckled at the simplicity of it, while Chase had complicated it so. This would get them through the winter, and he wouldn’t have to work at all. But he still would.
Warden gave a quick yelp for her attention. Now satisfied from his treat, he sought approval to go hunt down some of those flying-feathered creatures on the lake shore. “Go ahead, boy, but not too far and play nice with them ducks.” He would chase them until they flew off, but what he’d rather do was have them stay and play with him.
Unlike most German Shepherds, Warden loved the water as though creeks, rivers, and lakes were just one big playground. He especially loved the birds, the poor frogs, and the helpless turtles. Frankie had to save many frogs and turtles since he was a pup. He hadn’t meant to hurt them, yet he had trouble with relationship boundaries where turtles and frogs were concerned. He’d gotten better.
She finished the deposit slip and looked up to the large stepping stones that led from the cottage to the stairs, then down to the sandy beach. Chase had placed those stepping stones, and it was the last job he did at the Resort before his family took him away. He was fourteen, and she was nine.
Before the sadness of that day could settle in, she stood up, slipped back through the screen door, and into the kitchen.

|OXO|

Frankie tucked the deposit for the bank in the small of her back, tying the string tightly on the waistband of her shorts to hold the checks firmly in place. She pulled her shirt down to cover them as Nan stepped out and onto the porch.
Tilting her head innocently, she remained silent while her expression spoke for her; Nan, you knew I would.
“Now, deeyah. Indeed, Chase will be pleased. Not one. Not two – but three muffins!”
Frankie patted her tummy. “Worth every bite.”
Chuckling at Frankie’s lack of self-control, she pointed to Frankie’s waist. “Now what’s this that you’ve tucked in your shorts?”
Three claps and Warden was running toward them. “All these months I been naggin’ at Chase about the people that hadn’t paid him. They paid, all but one. I got all these just this mornin’.”
Nan let out a hearty laugh as they turned heading up toward the Village, “Your grandfather couldn’t discuss money with his bosses either, Frankie. I think it’s more a pride issue.”
Warden positioned himself right between Nan and Frankie as they began the incline to Main Street. “It’ll make the winter a little easier, Nan.”
Reaching the top of the Resort’s drive, Frankie hooked Warden’s leash. Crossing over Main Street to the Hotel where the parking lot was near empty, it wouldn’t be for long beginning with next weekend.
Warm air drifted in from the lake behind them carrying the damp smell of earth, mixing with the sweet smelling perennials and annuals planted throughout the Hotel landscape. Nan had the gardens planted a few weeks ago, and they were beginning to fill in nicely. “Wow, Nan, those are stunning.”
Clusters of white and red; snap dragons, impatiens, and begonias blended with very light pink begonias. The edged gardens ran along the front of the Hotel and in circles around the beech trees along the front entrance on both sides. Bending down to caress the softness, “They are perfect, Nan.”
“Next to the people, it’s the best paht of my job, Frankie.” Nan’s voice trailed off as they headed around the corner to the Village bank. Frankie turned toward Nan to see what grabbed her attention.
Fitz’s cruiser.
He lifted his hand in greeting as he rolled by them. Signaling with his directional, he turned into the Corner Church.
Nan nodded acknowledgement to Fitz, keeping her hands to her side. Not one to be silent of her mistrust for the cops in the Village; she grabbed Frankie’s hand and prayed out loud, “Lord expose the evil. Loosen its grip on this Village.” Nan squinted in disdain as the cruiser pulled into the other church as she continued her prayer for the lost people in the Village. “Save the souls of the wicked walkin’ dead. Breathe eternal life into them.”
Frankie turned to look directly at Nan. “Fitz got under Chase’s skin again this mornin’. Julia witnessed it at the store and filled me in.”
Nan shook her head in disgust. “It won’t be long now, Frankie – I can feel it. God’s positioning the people in this Village. All in His own good time. He will expose the evil and most often that exposure is at great cost.”
Nan stopped and drew Frankie’s eyes to hers with such intensity, “Remember, deeyah – seldom do things work out’n life as they do in owah minds – yet God will give us the strength we need. He promises.”
Nan turned back to face the road as Frankie put her arm around her grandmother’s waist. Nan nodded her head repeatedly up and down as her eyes filled with tears. She had suffered much in her life with the loss of her young husband and only child. Frankie wasn’t sure as Nan never confessed it, but somehow, Fitz had something to do with Gramp’s death. Through her suffering, Nan chose prayer over bitterness. Yet, the woman was not to be underestimated.
“I love you, Nan.”
Nan smiled and nodded toward the bank’s entrance before turning in the direction of the hard granite bench to the side of the front door. As she walked toward the bench, she spoke to the heavens. “I love you with all my haht, Frankie.”
Waiting until Nan made her way to the bench, Frankie bowed her head and shook off the rage that built within her at the thought that one man could do so much damage to such a small circle of people.

|OXO|

Greeting the teller, Frankie pulled the envelope from her waist band for deposit and slid it across the counter. “Good morning, Edith, how’re you today?”
“Very well, thank you. It’s always good to see you, Frankie, how are you and Nan doing?”
Deeming it unnecessary to discuss her grandmother’s momentary grief, Frankie responded, “Good as ever, thank you for askin’.”
Frankie also slid a withdrawal form on the counter so that she and Chase would have cash if they decided to do something more than dinner tonight. Edith handed over the cash, winked, and said, “Happy Anniversary to you and the husband, Frankie.”
With a smile, she pulled her shoulders back, “Thank you, Edith, you’re so thoughtful.”
Edith attended the same church as Frankie; the Village Community Bible Church. The Pastor had prayed a marital blessing from the pulpit this past Sunday, knowing that her and Chase’s anniversary was the coming week. He prayed for them to live as one all the days of their life.
Frankie bid Edith good day as she tucked the envelope with cash and deposit receipts back into the small of her back. Heading towards the door, the bank’s president stood just right of her exit, “Ms. Francine, how are you today?”
Moving closer toward the exit, Frankie responded with a very dry tone, “That’d be Mrs. Manning for ten years today, and all is well, thank you, sir.”
He moved between her and the exit, settling his hands in his pant pockets. “Very good then, Mrs. Manning. Tell me if you would, has Mr. Silverton’s heirs decided what they will do with the Resort and Hotel now as it has been a year since the father passed on?”
Frankie blinked her eyes at the man’s audacity. She loved Mr. Silverton like a grandfather. Composing herself, she took on a stern voice and locked eyes with him, “Yes, sir. Indeed, they have.” Without another word, she moved directly toward him so that he had to move to the side or she’d walk right through him. Reaching the door, she used her anger and thrust it open wide. Frankie had no clue as to what the Silverton’s plans were with the Resort and Hotel; the will had not even been read yet.
I hope you stew on that you old fart.
Able to read her expression, Nan stood up quickly and came to her side.
“What a class act that guy is, huh, Nan?”
Nan looked to the bank’s entrance and could clearly see as the man stood there glaring at them both. With a slight wave of her hand; Nan dismissed the man and his meddling. He’d never dare ask Nan about Mr. Silverton, and Nan would not indulge herself to give her opinion, because Nan… she is classy.
Nan changed the subject, “Chase’s been in good spirits lately, yes?”
“Yes. But it doesn‘t take much for him to do a one-sixty, and by day’s end, Fitz’s little performance this mornin’ may catch up to him.”
Nan tilted her head, amused, “Chase won’t let Fitz ruin your special day. And, Frankie, that’s a one-eighty, deeyah.”
Heading out through the Village to finish their walk, they looked at one another and busted out in chuckles.



Chapter 5

|OOO|

Just after 11:30 a.m., Chase pulled a right onto Main Street and then took an immediate left turning onto Lake Resort Drive when his phone rang. He saw Warden standing next to the front door of Mallard Cottage, so he pulled next to it when he checked the phone hoping it was the Jeweler.
Warden was the perfect birthday gift a few years back, but Chase didn’t do so well in the romantic gift department. He hoped this anniversary would be different. To give her something she wanted, while it was something he had resisted, until now.
Looking at the phone, Chase thought he recognized the number but couldn’t place it. He answered the call. “Manning.”
A series of numbers rattled off, a marketer perhaps. Chase mindlessly let the call run its course, only hearing garbled communication on the other end. His eyes locked in on his wife as she took step by step down the stairs. She kept her eyes steady on him as well. He grinned mischievously, taking in her appearance, as she walked towards him. Dark brown hair parted mid-right and combed over with long bangs swaying about her forehead. Her hair only partially pinned up with some gentle waves falling about her face and neck. She made the raggedy tank top look good with toned arms, strong shoulders, and sweet-looking short sweats to show off the strength of her sexy legs.
Ten years… and loving on her only got better.
Oblivious to the conversation on the phone as he’d been so captivated with his wife, he nearly forgot he was still holding the device to his head. Dead on the other end, Chase tossed the phone on the dash, turned back and hung his arms out the window as though it were a pickup. “Hey, baby. You look sexy all messy.”
With a quick kiss on the lips, her inquisitive eyes met his, “Who was that?”
Shrugging, “I dunno. Marketer, wrong number, I ain’t sure.”
Chase nodded his head toward Mallard Cottage where Nan and Frankie were working, “How much longer you gonna be? The boys ‘r at the store. They’ll be here in a few minutes.”
She kissed him and then turned her back to him. Walking back toward the cottage, she spoke in a poor British accent, “We will come now. Immediately we shall come. Be it as you wish oh wondrous Prince of the Resort.” She waved both hands in the air with that cute little twist she does.
“That’s King to you, woman.” Watching her all the way back inside the house, he grinned as he yelled out before the door closed, “King now, you hear!”
She ignored him and then disappeared inside the cottage.
He tried to wipe the smirk from his face as he looked ahead into their anniversary evening, past the dinner and into their bed chamber.
Chase eased off the brakes and rolled down toward the lake. Coming to a halt where normally the Resort’s guests would launch their boats, he got out and commanded Bouncer, “Come.”
Dropping down first to the floor of the truck, she used her paw and swiped out the Frisbee from under the seat where she tucked it for fear she’d have to share it with Warden. She followed Chase down to the beach and dropped it at his feet. He sent it gliding. The breeze picked it up perfecting the glide. Bouncer watched closely. Catching it in midair about five feet up, Bouncer’s entire body did a slow motion flop into a twist as she caught the Frisbee and dropped swiftly, but gracefully, back down into the sand.
The sun now almost directly above was hot, yet the breeze from the lake cooled the beads of sweat on his face. The mixture of tastes and smells filled his nostrils, reminding him of the wonderful childhood he had at this Resort, thanks to a woman and a child who noticed him.
Chase turned toward the spot where he’d first met them, his surrogate mother and his bride to be. Nan had been outside working around the Resort when he was delivering the Sunday newspaper that early morning some twenty years ago. How he’d come to be delivering newspapers at all was the work of others.
Chase’s earliest memory wasn’t what he got for his fifth birthday nor meeting his first grade teacher. No, instead, his first memory was standing before a young boy and a bossy girl at the Old Orphanage…

May 1992

The girl gave Chase a bag of newspapers and a list of where they would deliver them. She called herself KC and said the boy’s name was Buddy. The three of them began, from that day on, to deliver the newspapers together every day. Sometimes Buddy and Chase would wait together while KC went inside the houses to deliver the newspapers. She would often be very quiet when she returned, and at other times, really mad.
Chase was afraid of her at first, but after a while, he realized how protective she was of both him and Buddy. Chase hated the Lodge meetings with Pap. The Lodge was a scary place with all those goat heads and bizarre rituals of drinking red juice.
KC stood in for Chase soon after they would arrive at the Lodge, and Pap seemed okay with that. Chase and Buddy would run and roam the underground tunnels while they waited for KC. That’s where Chase met the Nurse for the first time.
She was nice. The Nurse would fix them peanut butter sandwiches while they put puzzles together until KC returned. But the Nurse warned Chase from his very first visit to the Shelter…
“You can never tell anyone about us or the secret things we do. There’s a time for everything, Chase. There’s a time for denial and a time for survival.”
And then she added… “This is your time.”

|OOO|

He would come to learn what it was that they made KC do, especially Ronald Fitz. Chase’s biological mother, Janice, was also involved. Chase had never told anyone what was really going on. He did as the Nurse told him; he became a master at denying. And in doing so, he seemed pretty normal to the outside world; normal enough, to become part of a real family.
He and his friend, Buddy, had been delivering the paper to the Resort as they had done for the past month. Buddy would wait as Chase delivered the paper. On one particular day a little girl, near his sister’s age, had come up to him pushing her bike.
Francine Alexandra Churchill.
Frankie.

June 1992

Chase had seen the little girl around a few times but never close up. Holding the handle bars of her bike, she looked up at him and said, “Hey. My name’s Frankie.” She squinted up at him as fearless as he’d ever seen a little girl before. Bold but friendly.
Buddy stood to the side, watching cautiously at the exchange.
Chase had told her his name and noticed the chain on her bike was hanging. He bent over, put the chain back in place, spun the pedal, and set the bike back down. The little girl so delighted, she grabbed him by the waist and hugged him tight as words rushed from her lips, “Thank you. Let’s be best friends.”
Chase learned to be very cautious around people, especially girls because of the one that he lived with, his biological sister; Samantha.
The little girl got on her bike and rode it around him in circles. “I’m just learnin’. I’m doing good, huh?”
He nodded to encourage her. He watched her for a moment before he picked up the bag of newspapers. He said goodbye, and then headed up to the Village when he noticed an older woman walking towards him. Because of Samantha, Chase was in trouble most of the time at home. He wasn’t sure that this little girl may have inadvertently just done the same thing. Waiting as the woman approached, he let his eyes settle to the ground near his feet.
It was safer to look down.
He heard her voice as she approached. “Young man! You hold up there a minute now.”
Still looking at the ground, he couldn’t tell if she was angry by her tone because he didn’t know her, but it was safest to assume she was.
“Yes, ma’am.”
The woman stood before him. Reaching down, she brushed his cheek with a gentle touch and then lifted his chin to look up. She was smiling down at him. That tender touch would see him through many difficult years yet to come.
“I been in need of a young man to help me around the Resort and help keep an eye on my granddaughter. It‘s not great pay but a free meal and an ice cream heeyah and theyah, plenty to drink, your own beach in the off-season, and $50 a week. It’s hahd work. You know anyone that might be interested?”

Chase finished delivering his newspapers and started that afternoon. Nan had asked him to make sure it was okay with his mother. Chase never asked. The woman, who called herself his mother, only cared to know what he was doing and where he was when Fitz needed a job done or if Pap was home on military leave and it was a Lodge meeting night. Other than that, no one cared where he was. They didn’t even notice if he’d come home and slept in his bed at night.
That was on a good night.
Chase was at the Resort from that time on, seven days a week, working for the next five years. Soon after he started work at the Resort, the jobs for the newspaper and Ronald Fitz ended, Nan having part in the latter he was certain. When the day’s work was done, sometimes he went home at night and other nights he hung out with Buddy and they slept at the Old Orphanage, especially on the nights that it stormed out.
Chase believes that the job at the Resort saved him as a human being. Nan may’ve needed a hand, especially with Frankie, but Chase survived because of them. He had determined to be useful and work real hard so that Nan would keep him around.

|OOO|

Bouncer dropped the Frisbee about six feet away from his feet. “Closer.” She picked it up, careful to minimize the sand in her mouth, and dropped it at his feet. Chase sent it gliding again with some of the sand spinning off onto him.
Wiping the sand from his face, he looked all about him seeing the place through the eyes of his younger self; the Resort with the cabins and the main house; the lake, the sandy beach, the tall pine trees, and the little cabin tucked on the side… his real childhood home.
The work around the Resort was steady and solid when he was a kid. Chase worked hard, but his most challenging position was caring for Frankie. She was five going on twenty-five. And for as often as Chase looked after Frankie, it wasn’t always Frankie who needed looking after.
Walking back from the ice cream stand with Frankie from the Village store on their “first date” as she referred to it, Fitz had rolled past them, pulled over just ahead of where they’d been walking, and called Chase to his window.
Safely, Chase sat Frankie on the embankment and went back to the driver’s side of the cruiser. All these years later, he still couldn’t remember what Fitz had actually said to him, but he remembered being terrified for both him and Frankie. Also, that someone sat in the backseat of the cruiser. A girl. And although the memory of Fitz and the girl was in pieces; vividly, he remembered Frankie’s flaming temper once Fitz pulled away that day…

Fall of 1992

Half his size, she nearly dragged him the rest of the way back to Nan‘s. Chase was going to leave after being certain that Nan was home for Frankie, because he was embarrassed, but Frankie dragged him up the stairs screaming all the way. “Nanna! Nanna! Come quick! Chase is pukin’ everywhere!”
Nan came out, took Chase by the shoulders like a frightened mother would, and asked what happened. With Frankie around, Chase didn’t need to speak.
“That mean cop, Fitz, made Chase come to the police car. Chase got sick, Nanna, and puked everywhere! I want you to spank him, Nanna. He’s very bad!”
Nan got down and looked Chase square in the eyes, “Chase, what happened?”
“I don’t know, Nan, I just got sick.”
As angry as he‘d ever seen her, Frankie was persistent, “Spank him, Nanna. Spank Fitz!”
“Frankie, I cannot spank a grown man, a police officer at that. Now quiet down so I can see to Chase.”
Nan questioned Chase about what Fitz had done to make him so sick. He would not lie to Nan, but instead he shook his head nervously. Nan’s eyes narrowed into a look of horrified disgust... a conclusion.
Frankie ranting around, jumping up and down like she had the best idea in the entire world. “Make God spank him then, Nanna! God can spank Fitz.”
“That’s a good idea, Frankie. Let’s pray for Fitz, and let’s pray for Chase.”
“Not Fitz, Nanna, he’s real bad. Pray for Chase.”
“Dear God…”

Chase would come to learn, in the days and years ahead, that Frankie had the self-assurance and strength at the age of five that Chase didn’t find in most grown men, not even himself – still, to this day.
Fitz never approached Chase with Frankie around again – not ever.
Nan had asked God to expose the evil and protect the child. She had also said some nice words and Chase wasn’t sick any more. Then she cupped his face with her hands and said, “You are a blessing from God Himself, Chase Andrew Manning, may He watch over you all the days of your life.”
They were the kindest words he’d ever heard; first from Frankie for God to spank Fitz and then the prayer of protection from Nan. Chase was safe as long as Frankie was around, but Frankie wasn’t always around.
Chase wasn’t sure how she knew, but Nan knew about Fitz. Maybe not the what of it but she knew. As Chase left for home that day, Nan hugged him and whispered, “There are no secrets from God, Chase. God knows the truth. When all else dies, truth survives.”
Chase looked up into her eyes as Nan finished, “For as long as I live, I will be here for you, Chase. I promise.”
Nan would’ve believed Chase, but, he kept the Nurse’s sacred rule never telling Nan about the kids in the Shelter. If he did tell Nan and Fitz found out, Fitz would do all that he threatened. And the day that Chase’s mother told him, “Fitz doesn’t need you anymore” was the day that Chase knew, without a doubt, that Nan knew, and she was the one that somehow intervened. Chase had wanted to kill Fitz then and does to this day, and if it wasn’t for Nan and Frankie’s love, he would have already.



Chapter 6

|OXO|

Frankie and Nan returned to the Resort, back from their walk in the Village. “Frankie, I’m leaving early tomorrow mornin’, and I’ll be visiting with your Aunt Edna as well while I’m in Boston for the reading of Mr. Silverton’s will. He had wanted a full yeeyah before it was finalized, and as you know, that day is Saturday. We’ll also be going ovah some of the Resort’s financials with Mrs. Silverton, so I’m not sure when I’ll get back but certainly before you leave for your trip to Maine so I can take the pups for you. Chase will be resistant at first, but give him some time without showin’ your temper too soon. In the end, he’ll not want to disappoint you.”
Two chipmunks raced alongside them, scurrying throughout their path quite brazenly with the dogs in close proximity. Birds of every sort were singing, chirping, and squawking in the background, seemingly celebrating the beauty of the day.
It is a beautiful day, Lord, please keep it that way.
“Why is it so hard for him to just take a simple vacation?”
Taking her granddaughters hand, “Chase didn’t enjoy the same comforts of childhood as you and I did. Perhaps he only feels safe at home with you. His mind works differently. He’s always had an ayuh of mystery to him, even as a child Frankie. Present your gift well, don’t expect too much in return, and give him some time to consider what you want to shayah with him. He’ll come around. You’ll see.”
“I hope you’re right, Nan. Thank you.”
The lake came into full view with a constant but gentle breeze. Leaving the shaded trees overhead, they walked out into the direct sun as Frankie pulled down her sunglasses to shield her eyes. Just below, there he sat, her prince.
You can be King when we have children.

|OXO|

Joe and Cody cleaned up after lunch and put away the trash. After thanking Nan and Frankie, they headed for the lakes cool water. Julia waved goodbye to everyone, and Frankie noticed how her friend appeared a little more reserved than normal. Chase turned to Frankie and winked before turning his attention to Nan.
“Nan, you need anything done this weekend?”
“I think we’re ready for the season, Chase. But I do need something from you on this very special day. I need a picture of you ‘n Frankie.”
Without words, Frankie could see her husband’s thoughts by the way his face tensed up, I hate pictures, Nan. He looked from Frankie to Joe and Cody swimming in the lake when he seemed to push past it and simply smirked, “It would be an honor.”
Chase poised himself as well as any model while Nan blasted off about twenty pictures on her digital camera. When Nan was done with her pictures, she winked at them both. “Thanks.”
Chase dipped his head, “You’re welcome, thank you, Nan.” Turning to his men, Chase yelled out like a commanding officer, “Let’s move!”
Joe and Cody scrambled out of the water. They shook their heads making the water fly in all directions, and yelled out loud enough for Nan to hear them, “Thanks, Nan. Wicked good food as always.”
“Thank you all for coming. Come by more often now, you heeyah.” Nan waved at the guys as they headed out. Turning back to Chase and Frankie before she gathered up the remaining items left from lunch, she said, “I’ll have your anniversary gift for you in just a bit. And, Frankie, I found a new spiced tea you might like. I’ll tuck it in the gift bag as well. You both have a wonderful time tonight, and Chase, I’ll see you when I get back from Boston.”
Chase and Frankie both thanked her as she turned toward the cottage, carrying her canvas bag with the lunch leftovers.
Chase took Frankie’s hand, and together they walked down to the beach. She looked up to him and asked, “What’re you doing from now til our date?”
“I have to pick up your gift in town, stop at the shop ‘n pick up a few tools, then finish putting in the second floor windows. How bout you?”
“Well. Because Nan and I worked really hard for the past month, I thought I’d take a little beach time to rest up before our date.” She winked at him then stretched up for a kiss.
Instead of kissing her, he rolled her in his arms sending her off balance. He fell back to the ground and pulled her down with him. She landed gently on his chest. With a firm hold around her waist, she held herself up so that their lips would touch. Loose strands of her hair tickled his cheeks. With a quick kiss, she whispered, “I love you, Chase Andrew Manning.”
“I love you, too, babydoll. If you ever leave me, I’ll follow you.” As she closed her eyes, he pressed his lips hard into her smiling lips to seal the promise.
After kissing him back, she pulled up and winked, “I’ll leave a trail.”



Chapter 7

|XXX|

Just off the walking trail, Tsar stood before the Old Orphanage. He studied the building, his mind taking him to similar places; places he’d visited… dark places. Places where the murmurs of demons were as audible as any human.
Something vibrated against his thigh as a cool whisper iced down his neck. The simultaneous actions sent his torso into an unexpected twist. Righting himself, he pulled out his phone and opened a text from Gloves…

Northern tunnels small shadow

Tsar wrinkled his forehead.
A small shadow? A child perhaps. In the tunnels?
The Bunker files reported that any and all activity, aside from the underground Bunker, was snuffed out decades ago.
Tsar checked the time on his phone before he shoved it back in his pocket; 12:27 p.m.. Any moment now, his local connection would send the ten-minute signal to meet at Jr. Command. Taking advantage of the few minutes remaining, Tsar began his inspection of one of the four buildings that connected underground operations here in the Village.
He checked the foundation of the building; no basement windows all the way around, only two breathers with heavy dark screen, and those were located at each gable end. The building still looked solid. Looking from the front porch to the southern side, not even a broken window or any real signs of graffiti.
The Old Orphanage had been scheduled for demolition by the Villagers, but with the recent local political influence of the Network, it was now designated for resurrection. The building, more than just a building; was a cover for what lied beneath…
The channels.

|XXX|

The channels under this building currently connect to the Lodge and the Corner Church. There was a fourth connector that had yet to be accessed – the Hotel. Tsar had studied the Orphanage history preparing for his role in the Village. The underground, engineered and structured by the Network during the Second World War under the guise of public utilities, meant no one questioned the details of the work. Maybe a dozen people alive today within the Village know the channels even exist.
They were all Network.
Given the reports, not everything went according to plan during and immediately after the construction phase of the channels; The Network did not complete the purchase of the fourth site after renovations to the Hotel. Buffered by several layers, the Network had a contract with the Silverton family who owned the parcel along with the Resort. The state restructured the Village map by constructing a state highway dividing the Resort and the Hotel. An offer was made for the Hotel only, and Silverton accepted.
The contract stated that Silverton would renovate the twenty-unit, two-story Hotel. Once the Hotel work was completed, technicalities stalled the final sale. And while underground operations continued with the other three sites intact, the Network could never fully develop and meet the demands intended within the area.
Sometime later, one local man made a discovery bringing Village Network operations to a near standstill that lasted for decades. With potential exposure looming over their heads, the Regionals shut operations down and pulled out of the area altogether.
The Network never fulfilled their contractual obligations. To this day, the Silverton’s held title to the Hotel property. But with the old man dying last year, and the reading of the will coming on the one year anniversary of his death, they had plans to take possession of the Hotel now that Network operations had been reactivated in the Village. They would get the Hotel one way or the other.
Tsar tapped the side of the building as though it were an old soldier buddy, “Time to wake up, time to work.”

|XXX|

Walking onto the porch of the Old Orphanage, Tsar caught a glimpse of his repulsive reflection as he grabbed the doorknob.
Locked.
He reached in his pocket retrieving his knife to use as a key. Positioning the knife between the door and the jamb, he looked again to the glass pane. This time he did not see the repulsive reflection. Instead, there stood an image on the other side of the door. The image having appeared as quickly as a ghost!
Snapping his head back as though he’d been slapped, he took a moment to collect himself. Then carefully, he leaned forward into the image. His eyes wide with wonder that perhaps he was hallucinating. He stepped back a few inches from the door and lightly shook his head. Tsar looked first to the right of the building before doing a near full circle looking over the front area of the grounds – no one was around. He shook his head again before returning to the glass pane. A woman was still staring back!
She looks real enough.
He lowered his head from her penetrating eyes as he gripped the door knob trying to shake it open. Nothing. He looked back at her and banged on the door trim with the palm of his hand. She didn’t even blink. An irritated sigh escaped his chest as his eyes met hers in a standoff as they studied one another.
Her hazel eyes penetrated his. He studied those eyes and found a maze of tiny creatures darting and searching all about. He wasn’t sure but those tiny creatures were looking for a way out, or perhaps even, a way in – inside his mind.
And mask or no mask, hood or no hood, she knew who he was; he could see it in her eyes.
He took his pocket knife once again as he held her eyes. He slid the knife in between the door and the jamb, letting it find the metal with a small clinking sound. Wiggling the knife, he began to pry the catch as he looked back to the woman.
A partial smile slowly formed on her face, perhaps mocking him even. Putting more of a wiggle to the knife, still, it would not pry loose.
With a low, threatening voice, he demanded her. “Open this damn door – NOW!”
Speechless, she responded with a dip of her head as though he should somehow know who she was. He narrowed his eyes in on hers, some from annoyance and also with curiosity. Vaguely, a hint of recognition registered from his long past.
Who are you and how dare you!?
Her face softened. She could read his face that he recognized her. But the look revealed more than simple recognition between the two of them, something deeper – mysterious even. The woman was physically striking, but her lack of fear was her most attractive quality… a challenge.
Slowly she moved her right hand to her chest… to her heart. Her eyes bore into his with such fierce intensity and – purpose. She lowered her head in what appeared to be… humility?
Tsar jerked his head slightly, feeling a sense of loss, vulnerable even.
Did she just pay homage to me?
He shook it off and immediately hardened himself as he made tight fists and pounded both sides of the door. “Open this damn door now, woman, or I’ll bust it down!” Even as he threatened, he knew he would not, could not, bust the door down. Network rules.
His phone rang in the midst of his rage. He answered it. He was more focused on the strange woman than the call as he subconsciously took in the details; a colleague from the Phoenix, a restaurant, 6:30 p.m., and…
Is this damn woman Network or just someone messing with my head? A spy or a plant perhaps? But who would dare challenge me in this Village? Network or not!
The other end of the phone went silent. Before he could sort out his confusion, she saluted him, turned, and moved quickly toward the door in the foyer leading down to the basement, where she would no doubt disappear into the channels. He glanced at his phone for the time. The signal would come any moment now, yet he was nearly desperate to follow her. She could be a threat to their plans. He looked back to the foyer. The woman was gone.
He pulled back his fist to shatter the window, only catching himself before he smashed the glass. Leave no evidence, no trace of entry. Network rules.
Even if I could get in, there isn’t enough time… the phone vibrated again against his thigh… to search for her.

|XXX|

Tsar arrived at Jr. Command with but a few minutes to spare. Still reeling from the unexpected, indirect contact with the woman who made an appearance at the Old Orphanage, he noticed on his desk a manila folder labeled; Operation Memories.
What’s this?
Inside the folder he pulled out a typed written report titled:

Cargo One – Jagged Island.

Instantly, images displayed in his mind as a mixture of aromas assaulted him; human waste, rotting flesh, and chlorine. He rubbed his nose trying to rub the offensive scents away as he looked to the symbol heading.
The heading had the same symbol that was also on the entry door of the training school; a small owl sitting on a book. Tsar read quickly through the few paragraphs, and on instinct, he pulled out his knife.
The report stated events that Tsar mostly knew about because he’d lived them. But what troubled him was – who had left this? When, and why?
Within the windowless chamber, Tsar sat at his desk with a small fluorescent light capturing only the document directly beneath. At the bottom, an entire sentence was scratched out.
Is this another test?
Three light taps at the door averted his attention from these questions: why was there a sentence scratched out and why a report on this particular time in his life? He looked over his shoulder to see the door push in, just wide enough for his contact to slip inside.

|XXX|

Without turning to directly face the man, Tsar inquired, “Did Chief Fitz receive the invitation?”
“Yes, sir. He’ll be in attendance for the upcoming Regional meeting.”
Tsar tapped the desk, “And the players for Solstice celebrations?”
“Yes, sir. Several will be in key places and in variety. Each has their method of receiving orders. No locality will be left unattended during the celebrations.”
“Do you have pictures so I can familiarize their faces?”
“Yes, sir.”
Tsar turned to his contact as the man pulled out several photos from an envelope and set them on the desk. Tsar shuffled through them. Some were beautiful, some crude, some plain, some ugly, some fat, some emaciated; Men and women, young and old. Strange is strange. Sex is sex. Keep the members and associates happy, keep them addicted, keep them subjugated.
Tsar put the pictures back in the envelope and set them on the side of his desk. “What’s arranged for the elite members?”
His contact reached into his back pocket, pulled out another envelope, and handed it to Tsar. “Some of the best from the surrounding cities.”
Tsar quickly rummaged through the faces, memorizing each one. Flipping to one in particular, he hesitated, a female he worked with in the studio from LakeRidge.
Butterfly.
Tsar handed Butterfly’s picture back to his contact, “Take this one off the list. Her caliber is of a different class. Understood?”
“Yes, sir. Will there be anything else?”
Setting the pictures of the elite players to the side, he scooted his chair back, stood, and faced his contact. Tsar squared his shoulders and stood to full height, hovering over the man by a clear four inches. Quietly he studied the man’s demeanor; his body language, his face, and finally locked eyes with him. Having only been recently introduced, Tsar detected a weakness in the man. Network records showed him to be incredibly efficient, and with his ties to the Village, his position, and his history in general, Tsar had agreed to work with him.
Still…
“You know the saying, ‘a man’s command is only as strong as his weakest link.’ Do you understand?”
His eyes held steady with Tsar’s and, without hesitation, his contact responded, “Yes, sir.”
Not convinced that the man was as loyal as was necessary for this position, he ordered him, “Watch the house and property. Keep me informed on any activity that might interfere.”
Again his eyes steady, convincing, “Yes, sir.”
Tsar handed him a list of items. “Prepare tracking devices and establish both video and audio surveillance immediately but not in the bedrooms. The home will be available this evening, you have two hours. Get me some cocaine to keep on hand should I need to be alert.”
“Yes, sir. Surveillance will be set up this evening. Should I leave additional necessities here as well?”
Tsar handed him a key. “Yes. And surveillance is also set up in here. If I have trust issues with you – you die. Understood?”
Without any quizzical response or expression, the man replied, “Yes, sir.”
Tsar held his eyes upon the man for a few seconds longer before turning back to business, “You know Chief Fitz fairly well. Tell me. Will he challenge my position?”
Without wavering, the man answered, “Yes. Yet I believe the meeting’s agenda tomorrow night will relinquish any challenge from the start.”
To be certain to stay within time perimeters, his contact looked down at his watch.
Tsar inquired, “I understand Fitz made a special request and that the Regional’s will be responding to it at this meeting. Do you know what it is?”
“According to my contacts, the Chief frequents the Phoenix Center for services. I’d wager with the new possibilities here in the Village, he’d like to initiate sister operations.”
So the Chief is, at least in-part, responsible for the resuscitation of the Old Orphanage and the channels beneath. Hmm…
Tsar had studied the Phoenix organization. His contact was not privy to know the depth of operations within the Phoenix Center – only the middle ground. The middle ground held some risk but the operations deep beneath? There’s no way to reconcile such exposure in the Village should it be compromised as it had been decades ago by the local man. This degree of madness left a sick feeling in Tsar’s gut.
Without responding to the information drop, Tsar concluded their meeting, “If you see me in public, you don’t know me. If I speak to you in public, you don’t know me. If you betray me, your family dies. Understood?”
Again, no emotional response as his contact replied, “Yes, sir.”
“We have to move quickly to establish the area in accordance with Network code. Carry out your assignments and prepare to watch the home front. Is there anything else for me?”
“No, sir.”
“Dismissed.”
Tsar looked back at the door as his contact exited and considered that his assigned contact seemed to take things in stride.
He had concluded, upon his first time meeting with the man, that he had a certain respect for Francine Manning. He admired and perhaps even desired her. It was likely that, while it was Captain Sylar Downs assignment to watch Manning’s property over the past few years, the man began to see Chase Manning’s wife more intimately.
Francine Churchill, the young girl that had brazenly entered Tsar’s world so many years ago.



Chapter 8

|OXO|

Having helped Nan to clean up after lunch, Frankie headed for the screened-porch and down the stepping stones that led to the beach as Nan prepared to leave for the Hotel. Stepping on these stones, one by one, brought her mind back to the day that Chase had set them in the ground making this path. He was 14 and she was 9.
As she settled herself in the beach chair, her mind played back the saddest day of her childhood…

Summer of 1997

Chase knocked on the door late one evening, waking her from sleep. She crawled out of bed when she heard his voice and saw him through the glass wall. Nan left the door open as she met Chase on the screened porch, and Frankie fell in beside her. His shoulders hung, and he looked as though he wanted to cry.
He hugged them both and said, “I have to go far away and for a long time, but you will always be my real family.”
Nan looked crushed. Instead of asking a lot of questions, she simply hugged him goodbye with tears in her eyes. When Frankie saw Nan’s tears, she began to panic. Chase told them he was sorry he had to leave and couldn’t help with the Resort anymore and how much he would miss them. He didn’t know when he would be back, but as soon as he could, he would return, and never leave them again. Frankie had wrapped her arms around his waist and bawled, begging him to stay. Nan had to pry Frankie’s arms from him.
As Nan held firmly onto her, Chase looked to Frankie and with a few quick sobs he told her, “You be good for your Nan, Frankie. I’ll be back someday. I promise.”
Nan didn’t know it, but Frankie went to her bedroom, snuck out, and followed Chase to the Old Orphanage later that night.

He had left their lives as quickly as he’d arrived. Without Chase at the Resort, the sounds and activities of life were dulled and became a place of mourning for several months after his departure.

|OXO|

Frankie heard Nan approaching. She came back to real time and brought the memories back with her. She remembered how sad Nan was that Chase had been taken away. Every night Nan prayed for Chase. She prayed that God would protect him and bring him back to them someday. It was a time in their history that brought both confusion and sadness. It was also a time of beauty, because their love story, Chase and Frankie’s… had just begun.
Nan smiled and said, “Frankie, I put you and Chase’s gift in the SUV. Please open it together when you get home tonight.”
With Frankie’s heart and mind absorbed in those moments, she remembered how Nan had fiercely loved Chase as her own. In silence, Frankie got out of her beach chair. She stood next to her grandmother and embraced her from the side, “Thanks, Nan. You always make everything so perfect.”
For a moment they both stared out over the open waters of the big lake without speaking, Nan seemingly sensing Frankie’s moment of nostalgia. Frankie inhaled deeply. She lowered her arm down to her grandmother’s waist and tilted her head to touch the side of Nan’s.
Nan wrapped her arm around Frankie’s shoulder for a moment, turned slightly to face her and searched her eyes, her expression thoughtful.
“Today is a perfect day, a simple day, Frankie.” Nan eased her expression a bit and smiled. Turning to look at the mountains in the background of the lake, she continued, “You know, deeyah, the things I grieved for most after your grandfather died were the simple things we did every day; having lunch, laughing, working side by side, embracing and sharing the love of your mothah.”
Nan pulled herself back from her beautiful and incomplete past and looked Frankie in the eyes once again. “Enjoy every moment with your husband, your family, and friends, for only God knows what one single day can bring… to change it all.”



Chapter 9

|OOO|

Chase tapped the left side pocket of his shorts again. Narrowing his eyes, he let his approving gaze rest upon her face. Her makeup modestly applied. Her darkish brown hair partially pinned up, with some spilling out in loose, spiral curls around her heart-shaped face, a face shaped like her Nan’s. With a quick wink of his eye, he encouraged her to break the silence. Instead, she teased him as she openly studied him.
Chase not only felt his stomach growl but heard it as well. It’d been six or seven hours since he had lunch at the Resort. Wafting throughout the dining room was the smell of prepared meals, coffee, and baked breads making his mouth water.
Or maybe it’s my wife?
Swallowing his appetites back down for the moment, he watched as his wife’s face grew more and more with amusement. She tilted her head with a smile.
“Why are you so nervous, Chase? You keep tapping your leg.”
“Well, babydoll. If it were my anniversary instead of our anniversary, we’d be home in bed.”
As her pinked cheeks darkened into reddish purple, Frankie lowered her head as the waitress moved toward their table and sat down their soft drinks. Chase nodded his appreciation to the waitress without looking up and then raised his glass to Frankie. “To fifty more years of marriage.”
Frankie confirmed the toast with the sound of a clink, “Fifty more years.”
Chase tipped the glass to his mouth, letting the ice slide into his teeth, as Frankie tore the paper from a straw.
“So tell me again why Nan’s going to Boston?”
Taking a few sips, she sat down the glass and slid it to the middle of the table. “They’re doing a formal reading of Mr. Silverton‘s will now that a full year has passed. While she’s there, they’ll talk business of the Resort and Hotel.”
As she was speaking, Chase slipped the ring on his pinky finger only half listening to her response. He felt a culprit creep into his thoughts; a culprit called, doubt. This sent his heart rate up a few beats. He hated to disappoint her and particularly today of all days. As the culprit anchored itself; “maybe she won’t like the style or the size of the diamonds, or maybe she…”
Chase nearly felt an elbow jab his upper arm as an internal voice insisted, “Shut up, for crying out loud and just give it to her!”
Abruptly, and on target, he returned to the conversation. “Maybe the old man left Nan the entire Resort. That’d really piss off the snobbish heirs wouldn’t it?”
Frankie laughed out loud. “Leave it to you to say what most of the Village is already thinking! But you know Nan, she wouldn’t want that.”
Chase teased, “But it’d be a hoot, huh?”
She shook her head. “Maybe for some but not for Nan. Besides, she was overwhelmed with the gifts Mr. Silverton gave her a few years back. She’s all set for as long as she lives.”
“She earned it, Frankie. And not that we need for anything or that I’m being greedy, but you’ve worked alongside your grandmother all your life, the old man should’ve remembered you as well, if only to show his appreciation. It’s not like any of his snooty kids deserve anything or their dreadful offspring, when it comes to the operations of the Hotel and Resort.”
“Be that as it may, Nan will find out soon enough. Oh, oh! I just remembered…” She pulled a small note pad from her purse, slid it on the tabletop in front of him, and continued. “I worked up the figures for Uncle Lou just before you came home and sent them to Shelby at the office. Those were some nice numbers, by the way.” Frankie winked at him.
Chase nodded with a slight sense of humility. He had worked hard in the Village for the past few years since his sobriety to make a reputable name for himself. He worked long, hard hours in all seasons. He asked an honest wage and worked an honest job. He had little to be proud of in his sorry life, but his work and, most of all, his wife were his greatest achievements.
“Thanks, babe.”
She smiled, looked around at the other surrounding tables, and with a slight quick bounce of her head, she asked, “How did you get this private section? No one else is sitting over here?”
“I asked for this area for a special occasion. And have you ever seen anyone sitting over here, ever?”
Slowly tilting her head to the side as she considered his question, “No, not now that you mention it.”
Quite pleased with himself, “Good ain’t I, babydoll?”
Purposely sounding like Nan, “Yes, deeyah, you arh.”
Her sparkling eyes meant much more than Chase just getting a private setting at the restaurant. He couldn’t wait to get her home! “Did you stop by and pick up my gift at the Village boutique?”
“Your gift is at home, Chase, right next to your side of the bed, wrapped and waiting for you to unwrap it.” She arched her eyebrows before she continued. “And I consider your gift, to be more… our gift.”
“Perfect.” He hesitated and then started again. “Almost perfect.” He brought his hands to the table, and her eyes immediately caught the sparkles. With a touch of fear in his words, “And I really hope not to disappoint you.”
Interrupted by the salads, the waitress apologized as she sat the food before them. Walking backwards, she bowed in a humble manner and said, “I’ll be out of your way… ugh… now.”
With awe beaming from her expression, Frankie lowered her eyes until the waitress left.
With a sob in her whisper, “Chase…”
“Thanks for being my wife, Frankie. I don‘t have a lotta love in me, but what I got is all yours.” He slipped the ring on her finger. The new ring wrapped around her diamond, both rings pressing into her wedding band.
“If you want to exchange it for a different style, that’ll be fine by me.”
She leaned over to kiss him, then immediately back to the dazzling sparkle on her finger. Under the table, Chase slipped on the next ring, this one on his wedding finger, and feeling a world of relief.
Frankie held her hand close to her, then back at a distance, as she examined the sparkle. “Exchange it? It’s beautiful, it’s… it is absolutely perfect.”
Relishing his victory on a well-received gift, he replied, “Just like you my beautiful wife. Perfect.”
With her heart in her eyes, “You make us perfect, Chase.”
Chase pulled his hands from the privacy under the table and took her hands in his. She noticed his wedding band. “Till death do us part, Frankie, I promise.”
Frankie looked at his hand with the ring on it and reached out to touch the smooth surface. She circled the ring around his finger, then looked into his eyes with tears in her own. In a whisper, she replied, “I promise, too.”
A quick touch of her cheek, “I finally get it. Sorry it took so long.”
She looked from her ring then back to his, “It was worth the wait.”
He leaned over and kissed the rings on her hand. “Now eat… and build up your strength. My present is at home waiting to be unwrapped.”
His wife took her dinner napkin and dabbed at the corner of her eyes as a chuckled sob escaped. “Thank you, Chase. I love you. Forever.”



Chapter 10

|OOO|

Careful of how much he ate, for fear of being sleepy when they arrived home, he pushed the rest of his food away ignoring the demands of his stomach. He’d been awake since 4 a.m.. A salad, baked haddock only half eaten, and the rest he left on his plate. Frankie ate up for all it was worth; salad, fried scallops, french fries, coleslaw, rolls, and his rolls, too.
“Frankie, in another 10 years, I’ll have a baby whale for a wife!”
She held up her hand to stop his teasing, “When we get home, we’ll take a walk first. Walk it off. Remember your promise, Chase, not to complain about my food choices tonight.”
He closed his eyes and with a phony, humble nod he declared, “Yes, I apologize, dear.”
“Besides, it’s a beautiful night for a walk.”
Chase couldn’t argue. The temperature reading from the SUV was 78 degrees when they arrived. Other than a few clouds, the sky was a perfect, clear blue.
The waitress brought them coffee. Chase drank his black, Frankie added a bit of milk to hers. A few sips and Frankie started twirling her rings. She’d become very quiet, and he wondered why. She only does that when…
Oh no, not tonight, Frankie. No surprises.
Frankie loved surprises, Chase hated them.
She looked up momentarily, her eyes as sweet and innocent as a pup. Then she cleared her throat.
Here we go.
Frankie dropped her shoulders slightly, her prelude shrug, “it’s now or never.”
Oh man, here goes our night. Hold it together, Chase, for whatever crazy idea she’s ready to throw at you. You have a delicious night in store.
“Chase, I also have a gift for you.” And with a hesitant smile, she added, “For us.”
Even her tone made his skin begin to tingle with anxiety and his stomach jump. Trying hard not to show it, “Oh nice, did you bring it here, or is it at home?”
She squirmed in her seat as Chase braced himself.
Oh, this is it…
“Actually, it’s in Maine.” She quieted, then took a deep breath. “I booked a week at our honeymoon cottage on the ocean. Just you and me. We leave Sunday morning and return the following Sunday.”
There it is. She wants to leave. I can’t leave and she’d never understand why, but I can’t. Why does she do this? She’s always testing me. Damn it!
On the verge of a full blown anxiety attack, “Frankie honey, you should’ve passed this by me. You didn’t already pay for the cottage did you?”
Chase tried hard not to let his anger flare up. He could hear his wife’s own apprehension as she announced, “I did, Chase. The guys can do the siding. We need to get away, together. We haven’t left the Village since we got married except for a day or a weekend trip. Please say you’ll go.”
Chase quieted the negative voice that came screeching to the surface. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, then turned his full attention on her. Her eyes pleaded with him, and he was pretty certain she’d cry if he rejected her. Struggling to keep the anxiety under control, he considered how it wasn’t safe to leave the Village for that long and certainly not to leave their house unattended.
“Let’s see what happens between now and Sunday, okay? Hmm? We’ll leave it at that, babe.”
Frankie leaned forward to protest then pulled back in her seat. She seemed to force a weak smile, “Okay.”
Her look of disappointment crushed him. “Don’t worry, honey, we’ll find a balance here. I promise?” As he finished speaking to Frankie, his voice faded off somewhere in the distance as the sound of a horn beeped. He looked up at the clock on the wall, 6:30 pm, and as though someone just turned the channel and raised the volume, he suddenly became aware of all the loud chatter in the room. His anxiety began to build. The place had crowded since they arrived. Waitresses shuffled quickly back and forth with new customers coming and the well-fed ones leaving. The sound of ice sliding from a cooler and clanking into the bar sink, loud laughter coming from the lounge, a baby crying…
With a quick exhale, he pushed the claustrophobia-feel away by focusing on his wife and how they could find a balance before their night spiraled out of control.
He stood up. With a sincere gesture, he put out his right hand. “Your gift is most thoughtful and romantic, Frankie. Somehow we’ll make this work.”
The sadness in her countenance displayed rejection as she gently placed her hand in his and bowed her head before shifting toward the aisle. The image was of a humble princess as she placed her small hand into his. The beauty of the moment chased away his anxiety. He noticed the darting sparkles from her new ring, shining and glittering under the soft ceiling lights. She was his princess, his everything.
He firmly gripped her hand, not with force but with love. How could he keep her happy and not jeopardize the security of their home? He would have to find a way.
“Your ring looks perfect, honey.”
Supporting her up from her seat to stand in front of him, she glanced at him momentarily but with sadness and doubt in her eyes. He dipped his forehead to touch hers and heard her whisper, “Thank you, Chase. I love your beautiful gift.”

|OOO|

Chase paid the tab and left the dining area to wait in the lobby for Frankie. He needed some fresh air to think about how he could work this out. He knew it wasn’t safe to leave the house. They were watching it… always watching.
Maybe Joe would stay? Or Cody?
Leaning into the lobby door to push it open, a woman stood in the corner with a tight, black dress, befitting only for the bedroom. She looked up from whatever she was digging for in her purse. She gasped lightly at the sight of him as though she recognized him.
Chase knew two kinds of beauty; wholesome and harlots. She’s the latter. He dismissed her with his eyes as such, then went to push the exit door leading to the parking lot. And with one single word, one name, she stopped him smack dead mid-stride.
“Tsar?”
Like a trigger, mental pressure began to mount within. Chase dropped his reach for the exit door and placed a hand on the wall next to him to maintain mental control.
That’s a bad name. That’s a very bad name.
Searching his mind, he instinctively lifted his free hand to his head. The woman pulled back some from his slight movement. He gave her a side glance. Now she had the same confusion on her face as he did. With her right hand she made fast movement, like sign language. He barely caught the gesture as his mind still searched memories from the sound of that name, “Tsar.”
Like a fast moving carousel; images whipped around in his mind. Before the carousel could slow, Chase sent it off spinning into the dark folds of his past as he narrowed his eyes in on the woman.
Is this some sort of test?
She dropped her eyes from his and reached back into her purse, fumbling through it. He wanted to walk away but his feet had molded to the floor. As she searched through her purse, he noticed the tattoo on her long, slender neck; a butterfly – a monarch butterfly. He could feel his tongue glide along the wings of that butterfly.
Stop it!
As she glanced his way to be sure that he was still there, he noticed her brown bedroom eyes. Her eyes lingered upon his. His body responded instantly to her sexual energy.
Powerful and deadly energy. The death of your marriage, Chase Manning – now get moving!
Her pouty, luscious lips painted in dark red, parted seductively. Long-wavy, chestnut hair fixed much the same as his wife’s tonight, was pinned up high in the back with loose, wavy strands hanging about a long, delicious neck dropping to a V with bubbled up breasts exposing all but nipples.
Saliva began to build in his mouth. The black dress so tight around her small waist, and so short it could be a long shirt, revealing sensuous, long, curvy legs propped up by five inch heels. Her body language was perfected for the sex industry. Chase hated that his body had responded to her sexual energy, and he hated even more that, in this moment, he was one with this harlot.
Your wife is coming. Run. Run now!
With her hand still in her purse, she whispered in German dialect, “I’m here as requested.”
He responded in English, “Request?”
Why is this woman speaking to me as though she knows me, and why are my feet cemented to the damn floor!
While returning to search inside her purse, she responded back in English. “I got a request to make contact. I didn’t know it’d be you, Tsar…”
He steadied himself once again with the mention of that name. He took a deep breath, and then exhaled. Chase wanted to ask her a load of questions; Who sent you here? Why tonight of all nights? Tsar? Who the hell is Tsar? I know that name, and I don’t want to know that name!
As he opened his mouth to tell her that she had the wrong man, she pulled a closed fist from her purse. She reached out to hand it to him as the door from the restaurant opened. They both turned…
Frankie.
Of course it is.
Frankie walked in the lobby, adjusting her own purse, when she looked up and saw the woman. Reading the woman’s body language, and taking note of her sleazy attire, Frankie’s eyes widened in disgust. His wife swung her head towards Chase. Instantly his face heated up.
Great! I haven’t done anything wrong.
“A man is what a man thinks…” Nan’s preaching hung in the air.
Frankie’s eyes roamed from him back to the woman a few times as though she’d just walked in their bedroom and caught him and this tramp in bed together. Confusion, disgust, and shock simultaneously flashed across her face. Her features hardened and her eyes screeched possession. Her silence and hesitation unnerved him.
The calm before the storm.
Frankie spread out her arms toward the heavens. Disappeared the princess of just a few minutes ago, and in her place was now a possessive, crazed woman. Words began to spew from her lips. Her nose turned up as though there was a sudden smell of manure. “This… this is not!” She paused as she flashed her eyes towards Chase, then back to the woman. “…a pole dancing establishment. If you want to speak to my husband, you get some clothes on first you shameless harlot!”
The woman’s mouth fell open as she stood there dumbfounded. She did not counter, and he suspected she wouldn’t dare. No one had ever challenged Frankie when she was like this, not for as long as Chase had known her. Not even Chase.
Frankie spun Chase around so abruptly that he nearly lost his balance. Feeling his sway, she slipped her arm around his waist in a grip of ownership and openly snarled backward towards the woman one more time before she firmly guided him to the parking lot.
Great. I’m a dead man… and on our tenth anniversary of all days. Damn it!
“Who the hell was that woman?”
Moving together swiftly as one across the parking lot, he pleaded with her, “I don’t know, Frankie, please don’t get mad over it. I never seen her before. She thinks I’m someone else.”
“She certainly looked you up and down like she knew you quite well!”
Her tone accusatory, Chase squirmed out from beneath her grip feeling more certain of his footing and the need for space. Taking the keys from his pocket, he hit the unlock switch on the control button. The sound of the locks snapped open. Frankie headed to the driver’s side.
He knew why she chose to take the driver’s seat – to control the conversation on the ride home. Now she could badger him with a million questions, and he couldn’t defend himself with… not while I’m driving Frankie.

|OOO|

With both doors of the SUV open, she looked through the vehicle at him before he got in, now openly hissing at him, “Why would you even speak to such a sleaze, Chase? I swear! Sometimes I don’t even know who you are!”
He hadn’t seen Frankie this furious since before he’d quit drinking five years ago. Chase climbed in the passenger seat and kept his mouth shut. Nothing he said was going to end well. Sliding into the driver’s seat, she abruptly snapped her seatbelt and headed out of the parking lot. Silent for the moment, she hit the highway with speed and the wheels turned so sharp that the vehicle squealed in protest before she realigned the steering wheel.
Not a request, she commanded, “Put your belt on.”
Chase complied. As he settled into his seatbelt, he leaned back to prepare himself for the marital battle to come. He made the mistake of closing his eyes.
The carousel now began to whip wildly. Dipping and tipping, rising and dropping, moving closer and closer and closer. Ringing in his ears was the voice of the Butterfly woman…
“Tsar.”
Fear stabbed into his heart. In his mind, a face did not materialize but several other senses did. The smell of coppery blood mixed with dry hay, the sweaty feel of his palms as he held solid metal, and the words…

“You start and I’ll finish.”

Words he’d used earlier in the day with Fitz and with the same sensation of a knife in his hand.
He squeezed his eyes tight, hoping to squeeze out all the memory senses as well. Instead, the carousel sped faster, blurring several memories into one big, fast-dizzying image. Chase considered it might be best if it never slowed down.
He opened his eyes to ground himself and caught a peripheral glance at his wife. He wasn’t sure where he was safest right now; inside his cracked mind or trapped inside the SUV with an infuriated wife. Both places were pretty scary.

|OOO|

His wife still waited for a simple explanation as she also added an accusation in the midst of a question. “Do you want to tell me just exactly what that was all about back there, Chase, or should I assume the worst?”
Chase had been in situations with Frankie before where people seemed to misidentify him but never like this. Tonight, Frankie had openly enforced her ownership rights where he was concerned. He loved this about her. His wife was not usually a jealous woman. Yet this other woman had clearly studied him as though she knew him – intimately.
A tramp she might be but there would be few men who could resist her. Chase thought back to how his body sexually responded. He was both stimulated and disgusted – still.
Pleading, “I don’t know who it was, Frankie. Mistaken identity. Please, sweetheart. I’m all yours and you know that.” Even as he spoke, he felt the hypocrisy slip into his words and hated himself for it. He hated the tramp even more. His mind was beginning to slip, and his lips began to spout babble, “I don’t know, Frankie. I don’t know, baby, I don’t know…”
Frankie pushed, “Since we’ve been married, Chase, I have watched as other people silently signal for you and repeatedly you have told me that it’s mistaken identity. Maybe it was and maybe it is. But tonight, that woman had a look in her eyes of more than just mere recognition.”
As he continued his effort to disarm her, his mind continued to tumble back to another time and place. A place he never wanted to return to.
The injustice of it all. These people leave me out to hang. Why? Why does everyone screw with my head?!
“She didn’t try to pick me up, Frankie. She thought I was someone else. Please don’t let it ruin our night.” He felt a sense of relief that when he heard his own voice, his voice sounded calm, masking the building rage within.
“Just who did she think you were, Chase?”
Chase held out his hands in a pleading manner, “She called me Tsar, and she spoke mostly in German.”
“German? Now that’s interesting. What’d she say?”
This was going to end badly, and there was no other way about it. He felt his sense of balance shifting, his tone sharpening now. “First of all, she addressed me as ‘Tsar.’ I am not ‘Tsar.’”
Frankie picked up on the change in his tone and turned toward him. Instead of meeting her gaze, Chase turned away from her and looked out his open window. He took a moment to enjoy the cool air as it rushed through his hair, face, and neck. It would be the end of any and all enjoyment for the day he was sure. He took a deep breath and started.
“And she said, ‘I’m here at your request.’ Obviously it’s at Tsar’s request, whoever the hell he is. Just mistaken identity. Don’t make more of it than it is. Don’t let some floosy who can speak German ruin our anniversary night.”
Frankie kept her eyes steady to the road before them. “Somethin’ ain’t right here, Chase.”
Beginning to slip now and before he could filter his next words, they rolled off his tongue… “Who needs Bouncer with a wife that barks like that?” Eyes rolling back in his head, he chuckled lightly as an internal voice mocked him. What’re you, an idiot, Chase? I can’t believe you just said that – out loud!
Her words had a slicing effect, “Comparing me to our dog, Chase? Really. You want to deflect and turn this around on me? Fine. But whatever just happened back there was real, and something is definitely wrong.”
And he knew she was right. He had sensed it himself this morning with Fitz. This morning was the beginning of the end – the end of life as he knew and loved it. And he knew this without knowing how he knew it.
I am such a freak.
Angry with his wife’s lack of trust, repulsed with his sexual response to the tramp, and disgusted with fate and any god that might exist.
Why do I get all this grief!
“Thanks for your lack of faith in me.” He looked down to his ring.
A perfect evening. Then some tramp comes along and ruins everything.
He slid the ring off, opened the glove box and bounced it in, then slammed the box shut. Pressing the seat buckle for release, it clicked. He threw the belt back and it slammed against the door with a thud. He shifted his weight and got comfortable in the seat; it would be a long and silent ride home.
She threw a quick side glance his way. “Oh, that’s priceless. Punish me to protect your sense of denial.” With tears in her voice now, he would do his best to completely shut up. He laid his head back to the headrest and twisted his body to the right to avoid any further communication.
Life sucks.

|OOO|

As the ride was now completely silent with the exception of the seatbelt alarm chirping every few minutes, Chase focused on his surroundings hoping to avoid any conversation with his wife, and mostly to control that carousel that pursued him.
LakeRidge was a small and old northern New England town – a hotspot for tourism. Main Street was filled with small grocery stores, mom and pop businesses, as well as diners and pizza shops. No chain restaurants. Clean grounds with modest homes and sidewalks lined the streets leading from the city. At the corner of the main highway, and also where the lake ended on the east side, sat the Phoenix Conference Center. The Center was a place where prostitutes, such as the Butterfly woman, were called upon to pleasure the likes of particular men and women. Something he’d known since he was a child. Something he’d never share with Frankie or Nan for their own protection.
He closed his eyes. She called me… Tsar. The wench called me, Tsar. Damn it!
The carousel was slowing down now and coming to a complete halt. Chase wanted to run from it! Or just open his eyes, and escape. And he would, if he could.
But he couldn’t. Because there he stood, right there in the center of the carousel. Staring back and looking Chase straight in the face…
Tsar. The boy with the painted face.

Fall of 1997

The stifled wail of an animal sounded in the distance; A cat? A monkey? An elephant?
Trying to move his limbs, they would not move. His eyelids would not flutter. He was metal on an earth-size magnet. His throat parched, he could not work his jaw to muster up enough saliva to swallow.
The sound of swishing beneath lulled him back into a heavy slumber.

|OOO|

From within his magnetic coma, the sound of tapping and weak moaning found him once again.
His senses muddled, “Who am I? Where am I? What day is it? What year is it?”
The magnetic forces weakened, he opened his heavy eyelids to see slivers of light flowing through vertical lines of spaced boarding.
“A barn?”
He looked around the room, and there was no one else there with him. Instead, sounds floated in the distance; whimpers, soft wailing and foreign mumbling.
Opening his dry and cracked lips, he mustered up enough saliva in his mouth to wet his tongue. He licked his lips. Salt. His senses began to identify the sounds around him as he heard rushing waves rolling beneath the hard surface of which he lay. Just like the rushing waves, his memories came rolling in.

|OOO|

Soft and weak moans, mixed with non-sensible foreign words, continued to utter just outside his reach.
His senses returned. Chase Manning moved to a sitting position and reached for his head. He had been called from class to attend a “special” testing. Testing that always included the ritual of drinking blood-colored juice from the chalice.
And like always – he woke in a strange, different place.
Moving with precision to his feet, Chase steadied himself, using the wall for stability.
With enough lighting that streamed through the boarding, his eyes swept all four walls for a doorknob. No door knob. He turned to face the wall, pressed his hands into it, and kicked softly. Suspecting this might be another test, he quietly made his way around the square room. Tapping lightly with his foot at the bottom of the boarded wall, every two feet or so, when the third wall gives. It was a door but without a knob from the inside.
His strength nearly restored now, he considered his choices; to stay or to go, to protect himself or to follow the sounds of helpless moaning.
He heard Nan’s words, “Be good, Chase. Always be good to people.”
He missed Nan. He missed little Frankie. Chase stopped the grief in his chest and moved onward. He pulled out his knife, the one that Pap had given him for his thirteenth birthday, and slid it in between the boarding and the door. A metal lever released that held the door closed from the other side. Chase slipped through the threshold and slid the lever back into position.
The smell of chlorine and dead fish thickened the air. He tucked his knife back into his pocket wondering if this was a test, then, what kind of test would this be?
Taking a second to adjust to the atmosphere, he listened to the sound of the moaning. It was coming from his right.
He whispered, “I’m in the warehouse.” He looked over to the stairs leading up to a balcony. The sound of moaning was coming from a room beneath the balcony. Inside that room was a secret trapdoor that dropped into the water below, depending on the timing of incoming tides.
Chase looked around one last time and saw no one. Uncertain what the correct response would be if this were a test, he reached for the lever, flipped it up, and pulled open the door.
In the corner lay a boy, hog-tied. He’s as long as Chase but much, much skinnier. The boy was grayish blue. His eyes were sunken in his head and too crusty to open more than a sliver. Every rib was visible. The sound of raspy rattling – heaving in and out, in and out. The only thing covering the boy’s flesh was leather bindings around his wrists and ankles. He was soaked with an intolerable stench of human waste.
Chase stood there with his eyes wide and his mouth open as the boy’s body convulsed with a weakened shiver.
Under them was the trapdoor. The water was high, and he could hear the waves slapping beneath.
If this was a test, he wasn’t sure if he was to help the boy or find someone to help. He looked around for Pap. For anyone.
No one.
Chase took off his sweatshirt and covered the boy’s chest. He also took off his T-shirt and laid it over the boy’s privates.
Again he reached in his pocket for his birthday knife.
Pulling it out, he flicked it open and sliced the binding to release the boy’s hands and feet. The boy was too weak to sit up and too weak to stand. Chase bent over to pull him up. The boy was dead weight as Chase coached him. “You can do it. I’ll help you.”
Chase moved the boy to a sitting position, which conjured up even more stench. Chase forced back a gag as he heard footsteps moving swiftly in their direction. In the far background he heard Pap’s voice, but he could not understand the words that Pap yelled out.
Chase yelled over his shoulder without taking his eyes from the boy, “Pap, please help! This boy’s real sick – he’s gonna die!”
Chase’s words echoed but with a mocking tone and with another’s voice. “He’s gonna die… he’s gonna die…”
Chase turned toward the mocking voice. A boy with a painted face slid into him as though he were home-base, and struck him hard over the head.
Chase couldn’t help anyone.

|OOO|

Chase awoke in the camps infirmary. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been there; an hour, maybe a year. He couldn’t measure time like other people did using a clock or a calendar.
Without the heaviness of the blood-colored juice this time, he knew where he was. He was within the training base on an island, a youth camp. They were told that the island was in Germany, but they could’ve been on Mars, and he wouldn’t have known the difference. He was just glad to be alive.
Remembering the sick boy, Chase shifted his head to look around the room. There was just his bed and no other. And as he confirmed no one else was in the room, sickening dreams of the hog-tied boy flashed in and out of his mind; dreams of the boy dangling from a rope high in an old barn.
Chase’s hands began to sweat and the air began to build in his lungs when the sound of tapping broke into his thoughts. Chase turned his head toward the door, noting the symbol upon it as it opened. It was identical to the one on the entrance door of the training school. A strange owl sitting on a book.
The attendant opened the door and standing next to her – was Pap.
The attendant hardened her eyes on Chase as Pap passed through the threshold.
With the voice of a mouse, Chase addressed his father, “Hello.”
Pap’s expression made clear; he’d wished Chase was dead.
“You were reported to the U.S. Military for aiding and abetting a terrorist. You’ll go before a five-man council and answer to the charges. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.”
Drilling Chase with his eyes, Pap nearly spat out the words, “If you make me look like a fool in front of the members, I can make you disappear.”
It had been another test.
Chase went before the council and told them everything they wanted to hear, and everything Pap demanded him to say. Later that night, while Chase was in his room, Pap personally delivered his sentence. He held in his hand, a paper cup.
“You’ll report to the Youth Detention Center for the next four years. At which time the four years is complete, they’ll review your case.”
“Yes, sir.”
Pap finished drinking whatever was in the paper cup, squished it in his hands, and threw it in the trash as he gave a cryptic warning. “As far as that kid that you found tied up like a pig…” A twisted smirk formed on his face before he finished, “thrown away and forgotten.”
Terrified, Chase nodded in compliance.
Feigning the look of a concerned father, Pap left Chase that night with these words; “Anything since the day you cut that kid terrorist loose is a bad dream. Let it go.”
Pap raised his eyebrows and nodded as he urged Chase to follow his lead.
“Yes, sir. A bad dream.”

|OOO|

Chase felt the car slow down. He opened his eyes. An angry and disappointed wife was to his left.
She turned onto Center Street, passing the Village store and headed up the hill. They were a few miles from home. Chase looked out to the Trail, directly across from the store, with so many questions.
How did Pap know about my dreams? Did I talk in my sleep? They were dreams weren’t they?
Damn it! That Butterfly wench really messed with my head.
Chase Manning didn’t experience memories, or dreams, like most people do. He lived them… over, and over, and over again. It’s why he worked so hard to suppress them.
Memories were dangerous, he might get stuck there and never return.



Chapter 11

|XXX|

Tsar had received the official call from his handler, the Senator. The Senator had fully authorized the Colonel to lead the transition within the System.
Patiently standing at ground level above the bunker, Tsar stood with his head bowed and eyes closed… listening, searching for the churned-chopping sounds. He honed into his right and hearing the distinct hewing, he lifted his head to the darkened sky and opened his eyes. There it was… the shifting speck of red and white.
He drew in the distant light of hypnotic, swirling circles. His imagination drifted into the days ahead – days of supremacy – the rise of elite leadership. Tsar would have a small part in this quaint Village, and with the appointed authority, he would finalize his revenge on Chase Manning. Part of that revenge would include his wife; Francine. He remembered their first meeting; a young and brave little girl.
It’ll be interesting to see how brave she is in the days to come. How brave she might be in the face of the Colonel.

|XXX|

With the Colonel’s arrival tonight began the shift of power that Tsar had been promised and had slaved for since his earliest memory.
As 14 year-olds, Tsar had observed Chase Manning from the background during training on Jagged Island. The training involved a two-week boot camp program for Network youth soldiers, followed up with another four weeks of brutal conditioning. The program chose the best and the strongest.
Part of training was to expose weaknesses as well as strengths. Because of Manning, the System failed the test of indifference; the ability to ignore the pleas of an enemy.
Colonel Harrison Manning examined Tsar after the training was complete. He determined there was instability within the System. The Colonel called upon a “helper.” Tsar stood tall as the Colonel summoned another. Someone came to a halt beside him. Tsar did not look to his side where the other stood but put his hand out as the Colonel had commanded. The Colonel sliced a gash into the palm of Tsar’s hand and ordered him to take the hand of the one who stood beside him. A white gloved hand rose mid-chest, palm up, and Tsar laid his blood-line across the white glove as the Colonel gave the consecration, “And the two shall become one.”
After the Colonel’s consecration, what may’ve been days, weeks, or months; Tsar awoke and found himself in Isolation. Yet, he felt a presence – a strong presence as though someone had downloaded into his mind knowledge that he’d not possessed before; combat skills, strength; both mental and physical. The Colonel had hoped that this “consecration” would bring about stability within the System. Tsar spent the next several years training, and the System grew in power and in intelligence – until one day, the botched mission in D.C.
The System destabilized once again.
Tsar found this note immediately after…

There is a time for survival and a time for denial – know the times.
KC

Someone named KC left the note. KC, the one with the white glove.
Tsar was just a kid. He didn’t understand all the ins and outs of his training. What he would come to clearly understand in the many years to come, was that he would spend every day training and slaving in isolation due to Manning’s interference with a terrorist.
Tsar suffered for the choice Manning made that day and for the next twenty years to come. Twenty years of preparing to bring them both together here in this quaint little Village, but this time, Tsar would not be the prisoner staring out of a cage.
Prior to birth, the two had been chosen for their bloodline to serve the Network. Jagged Island profiled them for their positions within a sifting process. While Tsar was a natural warrior, Manning had strengths in academic areas; math and art. Tsar graduated at the top of his class, so did Manning. The Colonel kept the two separated from the first time Tsar hammered Manning from behind. Once, and only once, was Tsar set free to seek Manning out; the championship game. A time relished by Tsar, having long-held the trophy sweatshirt from that victory.
He pushed away the memories of the past, because today, his future would finally begin.
Tsar turned his attention again to the sky – to the man that would breathe life into him. This man would set into motion the reign and rule of Southside within the System and also set into motion, the System’s part within this Village.
The vibrations turned into a choppy roar as the helicopter moved into the airspace over the Bunker. Hovering above him was the force of a thousand horses trotting in place. The interruption of nature rebelled at the aircraft with its ability to defy the law of gravity, to determine timing and course of direction, manipulating natural forces instead of simply dropping like dead weight to the earth. The impact pounded at Tsar’s chest, rattling his cheeks, and shaking his equilibrium with nearly enough power to force him to his knees.
Trailing above the chopper was a shiny and slithery silhouette, so black in the night-time sky, it was nearly invisible if not for its movement. Unable to measure the distance from the ground to the creature, it could be a large bird with many wings, or it could be a fire-breathing dragon with several heads, or IT was… the Master of the System.
EnokKim.

|XXX|

The propellers wound down. Tsar stood to attention as the Colonel stepped down from the aircraft. With sweltering pride, Tsar saluted the Colonel, and to be heard over the propellers he bellowed out, “Colonel, sir!”
Equally as loud, the Colonel returned the greeting and saluted, “Soldat.” The Colonel nodded for Tsar to stand at ease.
“Wie geht es dir?” The Colonel sat down his suitcase as he walked closer to Tsar and extended his hand.
“I am strong, sir. Welcome to Southside Command.” Tsar firmly gripped the man’s hand with a smile as he made brief eye contact.
Tsar nodded at the soldier to the right of the Colonel. The soldier eased his stance, stooping over to pick up the suitcase, and then returned to his stiff position at the Colonel’s side. The soldier to the left moved to open the trapdoor leading down into the Bunker. With a briefcase at his side the Colonel nodded, and Tsar led them single-file.
Entering through the vaulted door; every movement was magnified with an echo. The sensor lights activated, revealing a near-replica of their training base in Germany.
The Colonel responded in approval. “Ahhh, yes. Well done, son.”
Upon entrance, the wall sized, double-headed Phoenix hung to their left, and illuminated with outstretched wings to welcome them.
The Colonel bowed to the emblem as a man would to his god and recited the ritual, “WITH A FIERCE HAND.”
Walking across the room to the desk, facing opposite of the entrance, the Colonel lay down his brief case. Anticipating the Colonel’s moves, the soldier with the suitcase quickly sat down the luggage and moved behind the Colonel to help him with his coat. The Colonel nodded his gratitude as the remaining soldier picked up the suitcase waiting for his next order.
“Dismissed, soldiers.”
With the Colonels suitcase, hat, and coat, the two soldiers moved left of the Colonel and headed toward the bunks.
The Colonel’s face beamed with pride. He moved slowly, taking in the view, as he walked behind the mahogany desk coming to a standstill. His composure and movements relaxed from military guard – to that of a father. Locking his eyes with Tsar, he slowly closed them just before he nodded. “Excellent work indeed.”
“Thank you, sir.”
The Colonel directed his attention to the wall of entry which displayed maps from around the globe. Moving out from behind the desk, he walked over to the Regional map which was speckled with white and black pins. Black pins represented areas where Network operations were presently engaged. White pins were placed for territories soon to occupy.
Tsar joined him near the maps as the Colonel located the white pin tacked on Shadow Village and pulled it out. Turning to Tsar, he grinned with pride, then twisted to face the map once again. He lifted his voice in reverence, “It’s time.” The Colonel replaced the white pin with a black one.
Forbidding the expression of victory welling up inside him, Tsar maintained composure and simply responded, “Yes, sir.”
The Colonel turned to Tsar and studied him for a moment before speaking. “You understand your first assignment, soldier?”
“Yes, sir. I went to the location of the abandoned Orphanage earlier in the day. It’s a strong building, easily penetrable for the underground channels as it is practically isolated from civilians.”
He chose not to interrupt the flow of the debriefing with the mention of the strange woman inside the Orphanage; instead he moved the conversation forward. “It will labor once again and serve its purpose.”
Tsar forced himself to sound professional, yet how the place would labor once again rightly sickened him. Those decisions were above his position. His duties required him to serve the Network and command the Village members, along with all of its Network activities.
“Very good then.” The Colonel walked back to the seat behind the mahogany desk. He took a long and seemingly thoughtful look at the Networking Room, the main room. Scarcely furnished, there were two additional matching chairs facing where the Colonel sat. To his left, a projector on top of a small stand, along with a forty-inch monitor hung on the wall with two smaller monitors on each side. Three computers lined up on a long, narrow table under each monitor.
Pointing to the door behind the Colonel and to his right, Tsar confirmed, “The training room’s down one more level, equipped and ready for use as new soldiers will be arriving, sir. Just like the training center, we also have a prisoner’s chamber.”
The Colonel smiled, “Well done, soldier.”
“Yes, sir.”
The Colonel pointed to a chair, motioning for Tsar to sit.
Tsar pulled the chair up to reach the desk and slid the reports prepared for this debriefing in front of the Colonel.
“Get me up to speed on current business here in the Village then we’ll discuss internal affairs.”
“Yes, sir. We have the aviation community; approximately fifteen percent of residents are sympathetic to our goals. We’re moving into the Village a steady supply of; weapons, artifacts, drugs, and war spoils from designated pickup locations, including the ports. Any storage needs are brought directly to the Community Center hangar and put into a secure underground holding. We have a client’s list of buyers, and we’re moving the goods out by way of small aircraft, box trucks, and automobiles. Goods move in and out quickly and covertly.”
“What are the plans to increase operations?”
“Captain Sylar Downs is my closest contact in the Village. Tomorrow night is the formal initiation for all council members as well as our first official council meeting in the Village.” Tsar pulled out the projected revenue report and slid it over to the Colonel.
Quickly reviewing the report, the Colonel raised his eyebrows and looked at Tsar, “Impressive.”
Nodding affirmatively, Tsar responded, “Yes, sir.”
“Beyond that, we’ll organize the entire council membership and appoint each according to their strengths within committees, along with the use of couriers to build revenue to its maximum. We work closely with the LakeRidge sister council and maximize upon what they’ve already begun.”
“Certainly off to a great start. Tell me, do you trust this Sylar Downs?”
“Not entirely, no, sir. He has a weakness.”
The Colonel cocked his head slightly as he narrowed his eyes, “Go on.”
“Francine Manning. She may soften his guard. He’s not able to disconnect from his emotions as our people are.”
The Colonel nodded thoughtfully, “We’ll watch him closely. He does have the local contact sources we need. It’s always a problem when we depend upon those outside our bloodline. It’s a small Village in which to pool resources from. Please. Continue with Village Operations.”
“Yes, sir. A Network associate, code-named Fox, will be executed tomorrow night for embezzlement of Assets from a place that is referred to as the “Tombs,” the deep underground workings of the Phoenix Hotel & Conference Center, where he is currently the sales and promotion manager.”
Squinting with curiosity, the Colonel inquired, “This Center is a lucrative prostitution operation, on the surface as well, correct?”
“Yes, sir. The investigation conducted was in partnership with one of our Regional members. Along with a local courier in LakeRidge, the investigation discovered a large financial discrepancy that our associate, Fox, could not account for.”
The Colonels eyes widened, “Interesting.”
“I’m not certain, sir, of the Regional operative, only a code name was given in the report; King Charles. But the courier’s name is William Ked, non-bloodline. He’s also one of the surface prostitutes used to service the upper class – Ked is a spa masseur who also works at the Phoenix Center.”
“King Charles discovered this embezzlement how?”
Handing the full report to the Colonel, Tsar summarized what he’d learned so far. “By studying the numbers which were grossly short in comparison to other Networking markets with similar demographics. The numbers of Assets purchased should’ve produced far more revenue by way of rentals or sales.”
The Colonel put up his hand to stop Tsar and spoke slowly to emphasize clarification. “Son, give me an example in dollar amounts.”
“Yes, sir. For every dollar reported as profit should’ve shown approximately four dollars. This went undetected and unquestioned for decades.”
“Did they recover the money, what ‘n hell was this Fox doing with such large amounts of cash?”
“Sir, they recovered only some of the money, they intend to find out more just before his execution. King Charles discovered that most of the money was stashed in foreign accounts and currencies. The man doesn’t seem to be spending much or even any of it.”
Stunned by the prospect, the Colonel questioned, “A hoarder?”
“Yes, sir, with no apparent motive or intention to spend the money. But we know that Fox fancies boys, young men. Aside from them and his association with the Network, he has a squeaky clean life; married, two sons, decent home, and a stable career.
Tapping the desk top, “Hmm.”
Tsar continued, “King Charles used Network contacts within Fox’s own monitoring company to tweak his surveillance. While one of the agents would keep Fox distracted from the area, the other would investigate his home, personal finances, phone notes, and calendar, also his computer activities and such. They monitored his movements and activities finding codes, keys, combinations.”
The Colonel shrugged with respect, “Nice work, I should like to meet this King Charles.” He showed the palms of his hands and continued, “So who and where are the main movers and shakers in the Village at this time?”
Tsar turned on the overhead projector revealing a prepared list of those involved in their cause. He read them out clearly, one by one:

Judicial branch: Town Hall, Court, Jail, Dispatch
Educational branch: Elementary School, Recreation Department, Daycare
Business branch: Bank, Post Office, Real Estate Office
Transportation: Aviation, Individual Couriers
Spiritual Branch; Lodge, Corner Church

Facing the Colonel, Tsar made direct eye contact as he completed his report. “We also have infiltrated heavily; the hospital and Mental Health operations in LakeRidge. Here, in the Village, only a few of the old council members are still alive from three decades ago; Chief Fitz runs things in his haphazard way. I have gathered he’s not as riveted with money as he is the benefits of membership. He, too, has a thing for younger throwaways; his traits are similar to Fox from the Phoenix Center.”
“As you already know, sir, outside the bloodline council is Captain Downs along with a few couriers that live in the Village. We also utilize some of the LakeRidge members and associates. We have a new group of couriers currently in training and another dozen or so that are bloodline. They will soon be activated as well.”
Touching his hands together in a triangle, the Colonel smiled with satisfaction, “Excellent work and you’ve only been at it a short while. I’m impressed.”
As the Colonel studied the list displayed on the projector, he nodded pleasingly and spoke off into the distance. “We have a small army in which to work with; key players in all fields. This little Village has been sleeping now for many decades – sleeping, but not dead. Soon, we’ll be very much active here in Shadow Village once again, and if we do our jobs well, few will ever know that we are even here or that the Network actually exists, including our very own Chase Manning.”
“Until of course… it’s time for the entire world to know.”

|XXX|

“Now for our internal assignment, soldier; locked somewhere within Chase Manning’s memory is the truth of what happened on Jagged Island as a youth. He remembers parts of it but not all of it…”
“With all due respect, how will we know which parts, sir?”
The Colonel tilted his head and raised his eyebrows, “Clinic made sure which parts he would remember before his exit interview from the Detention Camp. But soon…” The Colonel sneered a foul look. “Soon… we want him to remember all the horrors of his crime. It will break him, and we’ll have him at our mercy then.”
Tsar confirmed his earlier conclusion, “Operation Memories.”
“Precisely.”
Waving his hand, “Our ultimate goal within the System, of course, is to gain executive control, pooling our most powerful and committed attributes to serve the Network. To accomplish this, Manning has to be immobilized completely. According to the records, he slipped to the front during at least two of the tests on Jagged Island while under your watch. We cannot allow that to happen again, especially at this time. Forcing his past into his present, I believe is the key. He cannot survive that – which he cannot deny. His programming will bring him into a mental meltdown with the truth. That’s who he is and what he does. And at the right time, with the accurate sequence of words, his time as a free man will end – and your time will begin.”
“A trigger sequence, sir?”
“That’s correct, just as it is stated in the report. The key is to know when to activate the trigger sequence, and I trust that you will know when that time is right.”
Tsar remembered the sentence that was scratched out but he dare not ask – for this was likely a test.
“And while we want him in the proper timing to remember Jagged Island, there are some memories deep within the System itself, which if discovered, could be lethal to our operations and with that, comes an entirely different set of applications.”
Tsar ventured out with his next question, “Set of applications, sir?”
The Colonel took a deep breath. “Sometimes, it is the history that controls our future. To be certain that we are in control, we need to secure history to safeguard the future. Every System has a library of events; records and files of their history. To have complete executive control – we need to control that library. Some records and files are organized and others in disarray; even so… to have executive control, we need to control that library.”
He watched as the Colonel’s countenance turned very serious, narrowing his eyes as he inched a little closer to Tsar from the other side of the desk. “There are places within the System where some of the darkest secrets lie dormant, inaccessible even to our superiors. That they lie dormant is perfect – but what we don’t want – is for Manning to access them, potentially exposing the darkest of deeds.”
Holding his breath, Tsar nodded as the Colonel continued.
“During the vigorous training on Jagged Island as a youth, Manning underwent a shattering program, blocking off all areas of the System that were not with us. Still, we must always be vigilant in seeking out opposition.”
Tsar remembered Gloves report of a small shadow in the Northern tunnel. He would keep this in mind for the coming days.
The Colonel shifted and, lowering his head, he began to rub his chin. Tsar thought he seemed a little uncertain. “However, while you familiarize yourself with the area, the people and places, including the channels or the tunnels, depending upon your perspective – should you discover any incriminating evidence that Manning may have access to, secure only and do – not – engage.”
Firming up his tone, “Understood, Soldier?”
“Yes, sir.”
The Colonel studied Tsar and, with great intensity, reminded him, “You know the System rule.”
“Yes, sir.”
“While we do not want Manning to have access to any evidence that may incriminate the local Network of decades past, we do in the perfect timing, want him to remember Jagged Island. It’s a fine line we walk here, soldier. You need a solid, yet balanced, plan of action. Keep vigilant on matters we do not want exposed while preparing Manning to remember the wicked deed of his past.”
The Colonel squinted and slapped his palms to rest on the desk. “Break him. He does not want the world to know his shame from that day so long ago on the island, least of all, not his wife. Break him with his own truth, and he’ll be forced to surrender.”
“Yes, sir.”
“My primary position is to assist with the transition of executive power within the System.” The Colonel reached out for Tsar’s hand, “I’ll be back and forth within the Bunker. My assigned role is to keep the Senator informed on all System activity and perform my duties at the Solstice celebrations. But know this; it’s good to be back with you, son, and I’m only a phone call away.”
Tsar shook the Colonel’s hand.
Their closing statements were prematurely interrupted as Tsar heard Gloves enter and ask the Colonel for permission to speak. The Colonel walked toward the door leading to the bunks, bidding Tsar goodnight. As the door began to close behind them, Tsar could hear Gloves whisper to the Colonel.
“There’s been a breach. We just got a report from our contact at the Regional Level…”
The Colonel’s exit sounded off a clicking echo throughout the Networking Room as the door closed behind him.
Tsar pondered the Colonel’s command to break Manning; it would indeed be Tsar’s pleasure to do so. He let his mind wander back in time, to the day the prized championship jersey mysteriously came into his possession just after the botched mission in D.C.. And the mysterious note left behind by the one called KC…

Ten years earlier

The air felt like it had been vacuumed out of the training area when Tsar realized that someone had entered the Hall of Isolation.
The sound of footsteps moved toward him in a steady fashion. Sitting on his cot, his head lay forward in the palms of his hands. No command was sounded to stand to attention. Tsar considered it may be a new clinician come to observe, or someone checking equipment or even maintenance.
As suddenly as they entered, they exited, leaving these words in their trail;

This is not your time.

This was the first time that anyone had exited through the north end of the Hall of Isolation in all the years he’d been a prisoner. He knew it was the one called KC by those words. Then he saw it, lying on the floor inside his cell, the championship jersey.
Picking up the sacred garment, he looked it over. Not one single thread out of place. Turning it to the backside, he saw the name; Manning.
He spat on the floor.

The day the shirt had been dropped on his cell floor was the same day that Manning would also be discharged.
As soon as Tsar was able to obtain the materials necessary to make the changes, he patched over the back and added the rightful name on the prize-winning jersey…

TSAR
77

Tsar stored the jersey in his trunk. He had never worn it. Tonight he would.
Officially, the black pin had been placed and the Village was now occupied as Network territory. It was time to celebrate.
Leaving the Networking Room, Tsar walked to his bunk to get the sweatshirt.
All was quiet as the other soldiers, along with the Colonel, were resting. Walking in his near-bare room, his cot sat along the right wall, his dresser to the left, and in between, a small bathroom with a closet.
Going inside the closet – his trunk was already open…



Chapter 12

|XXX|

In the shadow of darkness, he watched him as he fumbled around in his workshop. Tsar watched and waited for Manning’s next move.
While Tsar could easily take his rage out on Manning for his stolen jersey, he knew without doubt that Manning would not have the guts to enter Southside – ever. Still, Tsar would watch Manning because whoever dared take the jersey would be… because of Manning.
Manning finally opened the door of the workshop and stepped out. Tsar expected him to go back inside the house, when instead, Manning headed for the trail, snapping on the light to his headlamp.



Chapter 13

|OXO|

When they arrived home, Chase moved quickly from the passenger seat in silence, opened the front door of the house, and put the dogs out without so much as a “hello” to them. Bouncer was confused by his lack of contact, but Frankie quickly called both her and Warden over and lavished them with attention.
Once inside, Chase went directly to their bedroom suite and shut the door. He would likely leave by way of their bedroom exit and go to his workshop as he often did after an argument.
Needing her own space, Frankie went to her garage, and grabbed her backpack from the SUV. There were sneakers inside, along with a few sets of T-shirts, shorts, and underclothes. She changed from the beautiful dress for their special occasion into a white t-shirt and charcoal gray cotton shorts right there in the garage.
Getting into the glove box, she took out the insect repellent. She sprayed high above her head, her neck, and a light spurt on her bare arms and legs. Returning the can of spray, she left the wedding band right where he’d tossed it. Slamming the glove box shut, she closed the door of the SUV.
Grabbing both leashes, she called out to the dogs. She wrapped the leashes around her waist. Armed against insects, beasts and mankind with her best friends, and scented with the sexy smell of bug repellent, Frankie set out for a long and thoughtful walk.
Reaching the trail, she looked above to the skyline; the sun had set, leaving behind magnificent tones of pink, red, and purple. The colors splashed and sprayed all about the deep-blue and steadily darkening, night-time sky.



Chapter 14

|XXX|


Tsar followed discreetly in the background as Manning walked to the steps of the Old Orphanage, climbed the stairs, stepped onto the porch, and came to a halt at the front door. Studying his reflection in the glass pane, Manning brushed the top of his head.
As Tsar waited, hoping that Manning might lead him to where his prized sweatshirt would be, he spun several scenarios around in his mind as to who, or why, someone would take his jersey. But instead of entering the building, Manning just turned, and left for the Main Trail.
Silently seething, “Damn it!” 
Tsar stepped out from the darkened shadows and watched as Manning disappeared.
He came to a halt now himself in front of the glass pane. Feeling somewhat baffled as he studied his own image - an image that he despised - he let his hand slide from the top of his head and settle to his side. Looking beyond his reflection on the other side of the glass pane, he hoped that this time no strange and beautiful woman with hazel eyes would appear. And with that thought, he lowered his eyes quickly for fear she might actually do… just that. 
Slipping his knife in place he unlocked the door, and this time without difficulty.
Stepping inside the foyer, he walked from room to room, poking around for several minutes, and found nothing. No jersey.
And then…
Standing now in what once had been a library; he heard light footsteps climbing the stairs outside, followed by a light thud. He snapped off his headlamp, and as though he walked on air, Tsar tiptoed back into the foyer. From the side of the front door, he peered out. 



Chapter 15

|OXO|

Landing heavily on the front porch of the Old Orphanage, she shut off her flashlight. With only the sliver of a new moon in the sky, Frankie felt safe with the dogs nearby. They showed no hint of danger. Bouncer went about sniffing everything while Warden stayed at her side.



Chapter 16

|XXX|

Careful not to give away his position, he watched as the young woman quietly sat on the front steps of the building with the German Shepherd nearby guarding her. Manning’s dog was on the grounds sniffing everything – appearing to guard the perimeter.
Good dogs. Good team work.
Manning was certainly protective of his wife. He even had their dogs well trained to watch over her. Tsar looked from the dog guarding the perimeter to Manning’s wife, who sat with her knees to her chest, looking out into the darkened night.
Something about her… like that day so long ago, made him take pause.



Chapter 17

|OXO|

Frankie looked down the shadowy path that led back to the main trail. As her eyes adjusted with only the sliver of light above, she sighed deeply with brokenness, brokenness from both the past and the present. Her husband’s childhood would always haunt them if she couldn’t find a way to help him. She thought back to that night, a night from another lifetime, before the trails had been officially established and groomed…

Summer of 1997

Frankie had snuck out of the house and followed Chase the night he’d left their cottage having said his goodbyes to them. She followed and came up beside him as he walked along the edge of the forest. She slipped her hand into his. He jumped slightly. When he turned to find it was her, he gripped her hand, and together they walked the beaten path to the Old Orphanage.
When they arrived, Chase turned the knob, but the door was locked. Frankie, surprised that Chase hadn’t simply used his knife as he had done before, gently reminded him.
Once inside the building, his eyes grew wide, and he looked frightened even. He tried to speak, but no sound came out.
He froze.



Chapter 18

|XXX|

Now daring to take a stifled, deep breath, Tsar slowly exhaled as he let his mind take him back to the first time he’d ever laid eyes on the young girl…

Summer of 1997

Awakened by whispers that would frighten the dead, he pushed open the door from where the secrets were buried. It opened. He climbed out of the Box like a vampire awakened to feed.
I am a warrior; a fearless Leader.
The whimpering of a child below the tunnels stirred him to life, his release only temporary. Standing at the front, he narrowed his eyes at the sight of a girl. Not a girl of the Shelter but a foreign girl.
He studied her for only a moment… maybe it was an eternity.
Searching his face, she narrowed her eyes. She looked upon him as though she knew him. Her lips tightened, while her eyes sparkled. In this hideous place where fear reigned, she looked fearless, confident even. Her eyes glimmered with joy, perhaps even… love?
He pulled away from his perusal of the young girl and stole a glance at the hovering creatures that had gathered above – they hesitated.
Slowly, his face molded into a smirk; a smirk for her boldness. He wondered what challenge a mere child offered against strength that was drawn from a legion of evil spirits.
Bold.
The pressure of evil energy began to build from all sides, pressing in upon him, and yet, the girl showed no signs of distress. The beasts, likely stifling an impatient screech, consumed the air all around him. He could not breathe, yet he watched the girls every movement – her eyes intently fixed upon his own as she moved directly in front of him.
Surprised at her touch of farewell, she took his hand and gently squeezed, drawing him deeply into her gaze. The intensity of her eyes – like she knew something he needed to know.
He dared another glance above. The creatures now seethed with rage as they were forced to maintain their positions.
Why?
What was it about this girl that the vile demons dared not challenge?
Remarkable! She didn’t even notice them.
Turning from the hideous creatures and back to the young girl; he watched as she stepped down from the porch and onto the path ahead.
Extraordinary.
As the young girl distanced herself from them all, his confusion was pushed aside as a girl from inside the Shelter appeared. She moved swiftly past him without acknowledgement, then down the stairs, slowing her pace as she came up beside the foreign girl, a girl who dared make entry into their world.
Lost to the scene before him as the two girls faded into the night; the creatures from above dropped to the foyer behind him. The Leader turned towards the scene as the creatures shuffled to the opened cellar door, moving closer to the spineless kid who had tried to hide behind the protection of the young, foreign girl. Shoving him, the kid fly-dropped to the floor below. There were no stairs that led to the basement, a basement that opened up to the deep, black tunnels.
The Leader shut the door.
So began the mingled wailing of both the spineless kid and the Baby. The entire residence shared the confusion and the pain, even he, himself.
But this little girl, this young woman… she did not belong to the Shelter. She was free.
The Leader walked to the front door and looked through the glass pane into the moonlit night, wondering, maybe even hoping, to someday encounter the foreign girl once again.

And now that same confusion found Tsar as he watched Francine Manning, a young and bold woman, step down the same stairs with the grace of an angel, embraced with genuine innocence, and an aura of strength and courage that he’d never witnessed before from a civilian.
She’s gonna be a problem…



Chapter 19

|OXO|

Frankie scooted her chair back from the kitchen table and went to the sink where she rinsed out her teacup. She’d thought to try out Nan’s new tea but wasn’t in an adventurous mood after the devastating evening they’d had. She stuck with the Sleepy Time. Glancing to the clock on the living room wall, the time was 10:30 p.m..
Chase would need payroll for tomorrow. She walked to the living room where her desk sat, collected the checks she’d printed earlier from the drawer, and put them in envelopes. She left them near the coffee pot so that Chase wouldn’t miss them in the morning.
The dogs were settled for the evening, both to their appropriate beds, lined up in the utility room which led to the garage.
Looking around their living room, and despite their circumstances, she could never deny how much she loved life being married to Chase Manning – no matter his oddities. The hutch door was slightly ajar. The gift that Nan had given to her and Chase, Frankie had put it inside the hutch earlier this afternoon, wanting to share the surprise with Chase when they returned from their anniversary dinner.
Gently she shook her head in despair. The hutch itself had been a gift from Chase a few years back. On rainy days, he kept himself busy in the workshop making furniture and other wood products for her and Nan. This hutch was one of his first, made in shaker-style, simple, yet magnificent. He had chosen a deep walnut stain. His talents with wood knew no boundaries. Inside the hutch, their gift remained as tucked away as Chase’s haunted past.
Ready to be done with this day, she brought the dogs some fresh water. Amazing how they knew when emotions were strained. Warden kissed her hand as she sat the water dishes down in their place, a – “thank you” kiss. Bouncer rested her chin on the side of her bed, letting out a long, drawn out moan.
“We’ll get through it, Bounce. We always do, girl.” Squatting down on the floor with them, she scrubbed their furs like Chase would, and Bouncer looked up at her with a little more sparkle in her eyes this time. “Goodnight, babies.”
Checking both the washer and dryer, Chase being as he was, there were no dirty, clean, dry, folded, or any kind of laundry in the utility room; the results of being a military man’s son. She decided her shorts and T-shirt would be just fine.
Going back through the kitchen and around the corner was a small, but full, bathroom tucked in between the master suite and kitchen. Using a clean washcloth, she brushed her teeth and rinsed her mouth with water. Rubbing her tongue across her teeth, and trying to smack the unpleasant tastes from her mouth, she determined to put backup toiletries in there tomorrow.
Walking up to the master suite door, she listened for any signs of life. None. Only the lone humming sound of a fan. Frankie went to the guest room, to settle in for the long, lonely night.
At times like this, Chase might be in his workshop and work through midnight even until early morning. In the early days of their marriage before he built the workshop, he would wander down to the Old Orphanage and spend hours there.
During those times she would try to comfort him. Without Chase actually saying, “I need my space, please,” he made it clear that the only comfort he could get during sleepless nights was to walk or work off his restlessness. Frankie learned to give him his space. There were nights he slept only a few hours and other nights that he slept for twelve. She sensed that his sleepless nights had to do with the unresolved issues of his childhood.
Frankie wanted to begin a family right away but Chase had opposed. Even now, he opposed. His view of the world being that it was not a safe place for children. He also teased her, “I don’t want to share you with anyone.”
Frankie had been fine with his view of a family up until the past few years. Now the maternal longing nagged at her every single day.
Sad and angry with herself, Frankie opened the window a few inches, and glanced around the room for a book to read. Her tablet was in their bedroom. She needed a distraction. No books in sight, she went to the living room and there laid her Bible on the coffee table. She wanted to resist but she couldn’t.

|OXO|

Lying in bed on top of the covers, she positioned the pillows to sit up enough to read. Fresh, warm air moved the curtains in a gentle flow. A large bug began to bounce on the screen, seeking the light on the night stand for warmth. The sound of frogs screeching, stretched a long and loud distance into the night.
The Bible opened to the same place every time she opened it; Jeremiah 33:11. This was the place in the Bible where there was a picture of Frankie on her sixteenth birthday. And this was the Scripture whereby Chase and Frankie discreetly declared their love one to the other.
This picture had begun their two year courtship, a long distance courtship and a very quiet one. Nan had said that true love was spoken by actions, not words, and in long suffering, not impulsion. True love would wait.
The wait had been painful.
Frankie read a few verses and meditated on them before putting the Bible in the drawer of the night stand. She leaned over to click out the night lamp when she took a moment to look at the picture on the wall. It had hung there since they moved in, having become a part of the wall itself. She seldom took a moment to cherish the memory. Yet tonight, the memories began to stir her soul.
She got up from the bed and removed the picture. Chase was fourteen and Frankie was celebrating her ninth birthday. In the picture, Frankie looked to him with adoration.
Nan’s words echoed in her heart…

“Enjoy every moment with your husband, your family, and friends,
for only God knows what one single day can bring…
to change it all.”

Frankie looked hard into the faces of her younger self and Chase as a teenager. In that moment of contentment as a child, she’d had no idea what was soon to come.
Mourning Chase’s departure lasted several months after his family took him away. Nan attempted many times to find a route of communication. Nothing.
Until…

|OXO|

Two years went by before they got their first letter. Overjoyed he was doing okay, they both sat down and wrote one back. The letters from Chase were scarce and treasured by both Nan and Frankie. There were three in all. He didn’t mention his family or anything about his school. But he did mention his sports and some brief descriptions of the area where he lived.
It was another five years before the second letter arrived. Chase responded to the pictures that Nan had sent him a few weeks earlier…
Nan had called a celebration for Frankie’s sixteenth birthday at the Resort’s restaurant in the conference area. She invited Julia, Joe, their parents, a few friends from church and school, and Mr. and Mrs. Silverton had also attended. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she’d hoped that Chase would walk through that door and surprise her and Nan. At this time, Chase was 21, Frankie wasn’t sure if he’d gone to college or right to work, but she held on to his promise that someday he would return to them.
He’d been gone for nearly seven years and though little communication, not even a picture, somewhere along the way she’d fallen in love with him. She had loved him even when she was a child. Perhaps as only a big brother figure yet, through the years, she found that none of her friends could match his friendship, loyalty, and the way he watched and protected her. Though not old enough to be one, his fierce protection matched that of a father figure.
Nan snapped a dozen photos of Frankie’s birthday party that day. Frankie hadn’t known it at the time, but Nan had sent copies of those birthday pictures to Chase in Germany. A few weeks later, Frankie received the most wonderful gift a girl could receive at her age. Chase had sent her his class ring from high school along with a simple note:

Sorry it’s late
Happy Birthday

She had wanted it to be more than just a birthday gift; she had hoped that the ring represented a promise of their future. In response to his gift, she scoured the Scriptures, searching for just the right one to speak on her behalf;

“the voice of joy and the voice of gladness,
the voice of the bridegroom
and the voice of the bride,
the voice of those who will say:
“Praise the Lord of hosts,
For the Lord is good,
For His mercy endures forever” -
And of those who will bring the sacrifice of praise
into the house of the Lord.
For I will cause the captives of the land to return as at first,
says the Lord.”
Jeremiah 33:11

Love, Frankie

At age 16, she couldn’t imagine life without him. She wasn’t certain how he felt about her. He may’ve only felt for her as a sister still. Perhaps he had a girlfriend in Germany; even so, she took the chance and bared her soul. She hoped Chase would understand that she accepted his ring more as a marriage proposal than a gift. For three long weeks, she waited for his reply. It came. His third and final letter…

“Who can find a virtuous wife?
For her worth is far above rubies.
The heart of her husband safely trusts her;
She does him good and not evil
All the days of her life.”
Proverbs 31:10

Nan sent pictures tell her thank you.
You’ve grown into a beautiful young woman Frankie.
I’ll be home in 2 years. Wait for me.

Love, Chase

“Wait for me?” It was more than she could’ve hoped for! And yet, he had not sent a picture. A picture to put by her bedside and to dream of what life would be like when he returned. She was hurt but not surprised. He hated his picture taken.
Two more long years, she’d waited.
Keeping herself busy with school and work, she felt certain that soon he would come.

|OXO|

Frankie worked as a waitress at the Village Restaurant. Just as things were slowing down from a busy afternoon, a young and strong-built man came in and sat alone in one of the booths.
He was not friendly. He offered no eye contact, not even when he gave his food order. He had a sense of basic manners; hello and thank you but not even a tip.
His presence had brought about such energy. A strange, yet welcomed energy. For three days in a row, and with only fifteen minutes before closing down lunch to prepare for the dinner crowd, the strong man came in.
Frankie would return to the dining room from the kitchen, and he’d just be sitting in the booth like magic. He was the only person there each day. She would put in his order and then do her side work while waiting on the cook. She could feel the man staring at her when she wasn’t looking. He stirred up a desire that made her feel unfaithful to Chase, and she was helpless to stop it.
On the last day, the strong man walked out. She went over to clean his table. He had barely eaten half the food on his plate. Nan was coming in as Frankie was taking the dirty dishes back to the kitchen. When Frankie returned to the dining room, she walked over to clear the table.
A sparkle glistened under the light…
The sparkles became more brilliant the closer she got. She stopped short of the table and caught her breath.
A diamond ring?
She looked out to see if the strong man was still in the parking lot and he was. He was standing back to her with his arms draped over the side of a beat up truck, looking across the road and down toward the Resort. He didn’t seem to be in any hurry. Holding the ring tightly in her hand, she walked out the door and approached him.
“Hello, you forgot something.” She extended her hand for him to see the ring.
He turned to her voice. He flashed his eyes her way.
Those eyes?
She didn’t dare hope. But how many people did she know that had such unique and mysterious eyes?
He had a quiet, shy smile on his face. A beautiful face.
Without responding, he looked to the ground in serious thought.
Did he hear?
“Excuse me, sir, you left this?”
Looking up to her briefly from the corner of his eye, he had a serious almost saddened look.
Then his eyes went back to the ground, searching something. Still, he did not speak.
Feeling rather awkward, she walked closer to him, her hand extended with the ring.
With his eyes still aimed toward the ground, he slowly got down on one knee.
Confused, she looked back to see if anyone else was there when she realized that Nan had come out and had tears in her eyes.
Frankie knew then. Her stomach flipped and her knees weakened.
Hearing a deep, intense voice, she turned back to the strong man.
He looked up at her, “I didn’t forget anything, Ms. Frankie. The ring is yours for waiting on me today and for the past 9 years.”
She dared to breathe and whispered, “Oh Lord my God, is he really home?”
She stood staring at the most beautiful and strongest creature she had ever laid eyes on. And when his name passed through her lips, the sound was barely above a whisper…
“Chase?”
His chin quivered slightly as his brilliant and mysterious eyes drank in the sight of her. With tears in his voice, a deepened and hardened voice, his words were simple…
“Hello, Frankie.”
Quickly he stood to steady himself as she ran and jumped up into his powerful embrace and wrapped her legs around his waist. He buried his face in her neck and held her tightly like a man would his wife after returning from a battle zone – a miracle he’d survived.
With gentle sobs, she heard the most beautiful words of her life time, “Marry me, Frankie.”

|OXO|

Frankie touched the sparkle of her new diamond ring. Tears warmed her cheeks as she remembered the beautiful proposal. In this moment of nostalgia, she got up from the bed, replaced Chase’s picture on the wall, walked to the threshold of the guest room, and looked to their bedroom door.
Before taking that next step, her beautiful decade-old memories faded and were replaced with the recent images of their devastated evening and the memory of the harlot from the restaurant.
Frankie let out a long sigh and turned back to the small bed, closing the door behind her.



Chapter 20

|XXX|

With his work done for the night, Tsar let his mind wander between the fate of his jersey and fantasizing about Mrs. Chase Manning as he finished his shower.
There’s something so irresistible about her.
He shut off the faucet, stepped out, and reached to the side for a towel. No towel.
Having had just set a towel out before he got in the shower, he knew someone was messing with him and it wasn’t a huge mystery as to who. Turning behind him to the wide open area in the shower room, there stood Butterfly, and in her background was a wall of steamy mirrors. Slowly she made her way over to him as he stood there with trails of water rolling from his body and forming a puddle at his feet.
A terry robe hung from her mid arms, tied low at her waist, fully exposing well-rounded and surgically produced breasts. Her dry hair pinned on top of her head. The palm of one hand rested on her rear as she held a towel out for him with the other.
“Sorry about earlier, let me make it up to you.”
His manhood responded to her body language simultaneously while considering what she had just said.
What is she talking about? Ahhh… Whatever it is, is likely why the Colonel called an unscheduled meeting. The vibes in the bunker… not good lady.
Moving within a few inches of her, his eyes penetrated hers. This woman – was nothing but a slave… a porn star. Having been careful not to wet her hair, she covered the smell of tainted lust with small spurts of perfume and hair spray, and if she used any soap at all, it had been fragrant free.
With pupils the size of pennies, her lips slightly parted at their close proximity. He stood over her and let his eyes roam her facial features. Flawless. She rubbed her lips together, then with her tongue, she took one long lick making a full circle and ended where she started. Then like a snake, she wiggled her tongue for him, her eyes darting back and forth from his mouth to his eyes.
She had been delicious to touch, feel, and to deeply penetrate while on the set. Her body had fragrances with combined scents of fruits and flowers. The sweat of their musk combined as one had been intoxicating. But he’d sobered from the lust.
Her ambition, like many others that worked with him in the past, was to possess numerous sex partners to be at her disposal, like a drug addict ensuring a ready supply. She could have a career in professional porn, yet like many Network members, she wanted to keep her secret art from the mainstream and likely from her husband as well; the notorious double-life of Network members.
He stepped back. Their triple session on the set was now complete. Over! And so were they.
Sneering, his nostrils flared, pulling at his upper lip as he growled at her. He turned to her left and spit at her feet.
Next!
He turned from her and walked to the closet, grabbed a towel, and rubbed hard and fast on his wiry hair to dry it quickly. Then wrapping the towel around his chest, he rubbed, making way down to his ankles, then draped the towel around his back and squirmed back and forth until he was dry.
She kept her focus on his every movement.
Most of his costars would like to add him to their sexual recreational list – he did not. There were Network whores for any purpose and he kept them all in their place.
Really, bimbo, I’d like to get the hell out of here and kill the person who took my sweatshirt. Instead, I have to tiptoe around you!
Unmoved by his crude antics of spitting and growling at her, she turned her back to him and walked over to the mirrored wall. She pulled up the terry robe exposing all but the middle of her back, and with her tongue, she licked some of the heated steam from the mirror. Her legs propped up by high heels and spread apart, she squatted up and down, up and down.
Her sex dance was about to end.
Tsar pushed his arms through the sleeves of his dark gray T shirt. Grabbing his black sweat pants, he pulled them up and reached for his socks and boots. The Colonel would not find him being sexually manipulated when he arrived. He’d been ordered to stay in the locker room after the set. Why exactly? He wasn’t sure.
Whatever it was had to do with Butterfly and something she did earlier. If the Colonel ordered to see her, then she was in a world of shit!

|XXX|

Tsar received a text message:

On site

The Colonel had called additional members for assistance. Tsar curious, rubbed the top of his head.
Sitting on the bench, he looked all about the area as the female continued to have sex with herself in the mirror. He took mental inventory of her profile, looking for clues as to what he might expect from this meeting: The woman was married, lived in LakeRidge, desk manager at the Phoenix Hotel, placed there by the Network.
So what’d you do, wench?
Tsar moved his hands to his temples, massaged them before running his fingers the length of his skull. He clasped his hands together behind his head, leaned back into the wall, and closed his eyes. He waited to hear the sound of the Colonel’s footsteps on the stairs or the ding of the elevator sound off.
The studio level was two stories below ground, underneath the community center, located in the aviation development. In a B-shape design, the elevator and stairway were in the center. The level above them was an identical floor plan but used for administrative, executive, and judicial purposes.
The sound of footsteps pounded down the stairs.

|XXX|

The door opened and two men entered the area. Immediately they rushed the woman and pinned her to the wall. Touching his forehead in a partial salute, Tsar stepped aside as the Colonel took the lead. Walking straight for Butterfly, the Colonel came less than an inch from her face.
Butterfly looked at the Colonel both with excitement and fear. He ripped the clip out of her hair, wrapped her long, dark hair around his hand, and snapped her head back. She liked it. Brutality was a precursor to sex and had been a part of her life most likely – all of her life. They were conditioned to respond as such.
Spitting on her naked breasts, the words spilled slowly from his lips as though she had the understanding of a child, “You – called – Chase – Manning… ‘Tsar!’”
Tsar’s breath caught in his chest. Before he could react to the severity of the Colonel’s statement, the Colonel pulled out the Taser. He thrust it hard into the upper flesh of the woman’s arm as he whispered the master’s name repeatedly. The name likely meant nothing to the woman but Tsar knew.
Butterfly screamed out in stunned reaction. Her body immediately went limp, so the Colonel pushed his palm hard into her chest to keep her from dropping to the floor but not for her sake.
He nodded to the men, one at each side. They strengthened their hold on her by pushing hard into her shoulders and wrists as the Colonel shoved the Taser into the inner fleshy part of her thigh. She screamed out in agony again before her head dropped forward in a near unconscious state.
At this level, the woman was certain to experience severe disorientation and temporary loss of her limbs. The Colonel turned around and faced the showers. With the men keeping her pinned to the wall, the Colonel walked away and set his eyes on a small refrigerator on the other side of the room. With a voice loud enough to reach the entire complex, as well as the woman’s hearing no matter her level of disorientation, he thundered, “Why were you at the restaurant in LakeRidge?!”
The woman might hear him, but she would be unable to respond immediately. Tsar knew too well how this method affected the body; within minutes, the effects would dissipate.
It seemed as though the Colonel was counting down…
At the count of about thirty, the Colonel turned back to the woman. She had found the strength to pull her head up. Yet, unable to hold her head up for long, she let it gently fall back into the wall. Hair all about her face blew back and forth with labored breathing. Though she seemed to be trying, she was unable to form coherent speech. The Taser’s voltage was higher than what was allowed by public enforcement. The Colonel was not public enforcement.
Again he pressed the palm of his hand into her bare chest as both men stood to her side and held her in an upright position. The robe hung open, with most of her body exposed.
With his foot, the Colonel moved her feet slightly apart putting her into a vulnerable position. Getting close enough that one would think he was going to kiss her – or head butt her – he stopped just before their lips touched.
Without threat he warned her, “The next thrust will be internal so you will be certain to know that you will never manipulate any measure of me. Understood?”
As the men kept her pinned, she nodded. Her breathing still labored.
The Colonel would have to give her another minute to recoup so that she could properly answer. He removed his hand from her bare chest and walked over to the small refrigerator. He laid the Taser on top, opened the door, and pulled out a small plastic bottle. A whiskey shot. He downed it. After two more of the whiskey shots, and with a bitter scowl, he grabbed the Taser once again and walked back to the woman.
Her strength and control returning, the Colonel would ask only one more time.

|XXX|

The Colonel started with his tone at a level that was evenly tempered and tilted his head gently from right to left, repeating his question. “Why were you at the restaurant in LakeRidge?”
With her head still back against the wall, she responded. “I was given orders to… to do aaa... a drop off.”
Feigning calmness, the Colonel asked, “By who?”
Her strength beginning to return, Butterfly pulled herself up and threw her head to the side to clear her hair from her eyes. She began speaking directly and specifically now.
“William Ked. We work together at the Phoenix.”
The Colonel twitched at the familiar name. Ked would be the LakeRidge operative that worked with King Charles on the Phoenix assignment.
Still in a calm demeanor, he nodded to both men to release her. “What exactly were the orders?”
Butterfly had now made a complete shift in character. She began by straightening herself as she pulled the terry robe over her shoulders and covered her chest. She tightly secured her belt and stood as a soldier, looking past the Colonel as she responded. “Sound off three. 6:30 p.m.. LakeRidge Seafood. Lobby. Hand signal, 2 and C.”
“To what end were you given this order?”
“To drop off an SD card, sir.”
“Where is the SD now?”
“Ked retrieved it once the delivery failed, sir.”
“What did the SD card contain?”
“I am not privileged to that information, sir.”
The Colonel looked to Tsar and nodded toward the exit.
“Return her to her house untouched, unmarked.”
Turning on his heels toward the elevator, the Colonel touched his forehead in a partial salute and exited the same way he’d arrived.
Tsar took the lead as soon as the Colonel made his exit. Concluding the meeting with the other two men, Tsar commanded, “Dismissed.”
The elevator doors dinged and opened. Walking freely now, Butterfly entered the elevator with the two men. She did not try to make eye contact with Tsar. She was not the same woman she was just a moment ago. The elevator door closed.
Tsar moved swiftly throughout the area beginning the shutdown and security process of the lower level. Exiting himself, he took the stairs to the next level up. He’d have to do a bit of research to locate this Ked.
Tsar thought back to his earlier encounter with the woman at the Old Orphanage who had paid him homage. The orders that Butterfly just rattled off were similar, if not exact, to the words he’d heard on the phone during the stare off with the strange, yet beautiful woman that magically appeared when he first inspected the building.
Sitting at the Sr. Command center, he punched in the code to bring the monitors to life. He also viewed each surveillance monitor above him, watching as Butterfly left, escorted in a black SUV back to LakeRidge. One man drove the SUV and another drove her car.
The woman was a financial Asset to the Network, on the screen and in the beds of many local politicians. Due to her usefulness as a slave, she was afforded protections that many other slaves were not. The Colonel allowed her to leave without letting the assistants that had pinned her to the wall, make sexual sport of her.

|XXX|

Leaving the underground compound, Tsar stepped out into the night, heading first to Jr. Command. A sudden rush of wind kicked up from the South and disappeared as quickly as it had arrived. Although warm out, he kept himself tucked under the concealment of a hooded sweatshirt. He mounted a bicycle. With the faint, crescent moon pressed toward the North West, not giving much light, he switched on the bike’s headlight and aimed it directly at the ground in front of him to minimize attention.
He set out to meet this William Ked, having forwarded all the information he’d gathered to Sylar, who set up and confirmed the meeting for 1 a.m..

|XXX|

He dropped the mountain bike at Jr Command. He would go the rest of the way on foot to the rendezvous point; the Old Orphanage.
The database had nothing on a “King Charles,” which was no surprise as it’s a code name. Ked worked in the spa and he was much in demand at the hotel as a paid masseur – a prostitute.
Background detailed that the target, “Fox,” had approached Ked earlier for a casual relationship. Ked had refused until this King Charles made it financially worth his while. Because of Ked, Fox was a dead man… tomorrow.
Tsar pulled off his hood. He ruffled his wet, thick, wiry hair with both hands when his peripheral caught movement followed by the sound of shuffling feet in the distance. On instinct, he pulled his hood back over his head and concentrated his focus.
He could make out two forms. One took off in the direction of the highway and the other headed for the Old Orphanage. This would be Ked.
His phone vibrated. As much as he hated the timing of the distraction, he pulled the phone from his pocket. A text from an unknown number that simply read:

Code 55

It wasn’t a code he was familiar with.
Perhaps a mistake?
He tucked the phone back in his front pocket and watched as a car pulled around to pick up the kid that headed for the road. It was a black SUV. His stomach momentarily seized in warning. Someone else was near. Tsar rubbed his temples in an effort to concentrate his vision better and did a 360 of the perimeter.
In a flash, the outline of a woman moved quickly in the direction after Ked. He heard the woman whisper loudly, “Go! I will meet you there.”
His orders to Sylar were that this be a private meeting.
So what is this?
Moving quietly in a light jog and at a safe distance, Tsar was armed only with his pocket knife and a small flashlight.
He followed the pair. They led the way to the Old Orphanage.

|XXX|

In a few long strides, the woman cleared the steps. Moving to the window on the right of the porch, she slid the window open and crawled through.
That was complicated you moron.
Tsar had been so focused earlier on the front door, he hadn’t considered the window might be unlocked; the strange and beautiful woman had muddled his senses.
Ked followed the woman through the window and partially closed it behind him.
Tsar was close enough to hear as the woman spoke with a loud whisper. He noted her British accent as she paced the floor.
“Your assignment was to go to the jobsite this morning, not the Village store. Why would you be foolish enough to hang out in public, and in particular, in this area? I gave you specific instructions, Ked.”
Ked hesitated at first as though confused. “The truck wasn’t at the jobsite. I checked the house, came down around the dirt road, back into town, and then found it at the store. I drove by a few times, the truck didn’t move, so I pulled in to make the delivery.”
Tsar remembered Manning’s truck at the store.
Ked tried to persuade the woman. “It all ended the same. I made the drop, which had nothing to do with our assignment, and I did it as a favor to you. What’s the big deal?”
“What you’ve done is put yourself and perhaps even Francine in danger. You really botched that one you know. That was Chief Ronald Fitz this morning at the store, a close associate of Fox. If Fitz ties you into our target, things’ll get very complicated; he might get the wrong idea that he’s the one we’re targeting. And that he saw you with… ” she hesitated and lowered her voice as though she sensed someone listening, “...Chase Manning this morning. There’s a long history there. Bloody fool!”
Confounded by the scene playing out before him, he wondered who the hell this woman was.
Ked and a “King Charles” worked the Phoenix investigation together, who the hell is she? There was nothing in the report about another associate involved.
Her tone shifted, softening, “I have battles on every front. Why must you add to the complications? Stay exactly with the plan from now on, or abort completely, understood?”
Ked began to mumble an apology, “I did this as a favor…” His voice trailed off. Confused perhaps? Tsar wasn’t sure.
She snapped, “Give me the SD, Ked.”
With the tone of a scolded child, he replied weakly, “Okay. Alright. Calm down.”
Silence.
Ked sheepishly inquired, “Why didn’t you take the card last night when the contact arrived?”
The woman seemed to seethe out her response, “Because your contact got all goohgooh-eyed when she walked into the lobby and let her hormones spew all over the place. She stepped outside of protocol. She stalled the handoff. And before I could establish a presence, Francine arrived on the scene.”
“Wow. You are so hard to follow.”
“Me, Ked? Hard to follow? You botched the entire bloody day!”
She was silent again as though contemplating something before she continued, “You’re back into the drugs aren’t you? That’s why you screwed up so much today, isn’t it?”
Silence.
“Damn it, Ked, answer me or I’ll punch the crap outta you!”
In a small voice, he answered, “Yes. Only a little.”
“There’s no such thing as a little. Our assignment is complete. You honored our agreement to stay sober during the investigation, but for your own sake, stay off the damn drugs!”
Silence for a few more moments before the boy spoke again. “Why did you need the sweatshirt delivered this morning if you were just gonna meet me tonight anyways?”
“It doesn’t matter now. It was delivered. I just hope it doesn’t cost more than it was worth.”
Running his hands through his hair, Tsar wondered if he’d heard them right…
The sweatshirt? My damn sweatshirt?!
I’ll kill them both.
Tsar startled as his phone vibrated, disrupting his kill intentions. The woman seemed to somehow sense the vibration as well, because she turned directly toward him.

|XXX|

Closing the window, the woman quickly moved from the porch, jumped from the front stair to the ground, and turning back to Ked, she whispered as loud as a whisper could be, “Get outta this area and stay out until I code you. Go to the safe house. Don’t even go to work n’til I give you the clear, understood?”
Seeming a little off cue, Ked nodded as though he were tired, drunk, or… drugged.
And like magic, the woman was gone.
Tsar squeezed the palms of his hands to his temple. Reeling from the sudden shift of events only added to his fury that some punk dared to touch his prized sweatshirt!
Reaching inside his pocket, Ked lowered his head when Tsar aggressively moved toward him. Before Ked knew what was coming, Tsar clothes-lined him.

|XXX|

Having pinned the kid to the ground, the words fumed from Tsar’s lips, “Where.. is... my... sweatshirt?!”
“Dude, what’re you talkin’ about? I was told to get outta here, what’re you doing!”
Tsar grabbed the kid by the collar of his shirt and shook him, “Where is it, damn it!?”
Tsar went for the kid’s throat. The boy’s eyes rounded in fear, he spit out the words while he still could, “I don’t know, man, I guess I misunderstood. Hey, I’ll get it for you right now if you want. Maybe it’s still in the truck. And here.” The kid started to slap at his pant pocket, “Here. Take the SD card, but you have to let me go!”
Tsar was hard pressed to respond to what could only be a distress signal – still he wanted this kid to know his place. “If that sweatshirt is damaged in anyway, I’ll kill you myself!” Tsar pinned his shoulders now, “Why the hell would you have a Network SD card delivered to a public place in LakeRidge and attempt to give it to Chase Manning? Are you an idiot, boy?”
The boy’s face crumpled. Maybe fear, maybe confusion, maybe both. Tsar didn’t care.
Stammering, Ked responded, “No. I still have it here in my pocket, and I was fol… following orders.”
“From who?” Tsar demanded.
Turning his head, he whispered something Tsar couldn’t hear. He slapped the boy’s face, forcing him to look him in the eyes. Tsar lowered his head closer to Ked’s. Noses nearly touching, Tsar raged, “Speak up!”
Now looking straight at Tsar, the boy took a deep breath, “From… ugh the umm – the one called K... K… King Charles.”
His peripheral caught movement. In the distance, a safe distance, the woman watched.
Tsar’s phone vibrated again.
Squatting on top of the kid’s mid-section, he pulled out his phone and checked it:

Leapers

Spit grazed the side of Ked’s head. Tsar wiped his mouth then cursed the ground. “Leapers” was a code for watchers who jump from place to place to covertly look for the movement of targets. If Tsar hadn’t ordered them, who did?
He pulled the kid up by the waist of his pants, “Where’s the card, boy?”
“Right here… ah ah… in my pocket. Hold on, I gotta… getum…” Patting all four pockets, he looked up at Tsar as he stuttered his words. “My wallet, it was right here, in my pocket.”
Tsar spat near the kids foot this time. “Pitiful.”
The kid’s shoulders sank, “Oh no, man. I just paid for my fix. I must’ve…”
Tsar punched him hard in the gut. Dropping to the ground, Ked struggled to breathe. Tsar pulled off Ked’s sneakers and then his pants. He felt in every pocket for the SD card or a wallet. He took a quick look at the ground using his small flashlight. Nothing. He cursed and spat again.
The woman may’ve slipped it before she bolted.
He threw the pants back at the kid who was beginning to catch his breath. “You really need to know who is who around here if you want to survive, boy.”

|XXX|

Having received the last coded signal from Sylar, Tsar moved fast in the direction of Manning’s house. Ked confessed that the sweatshirt was given to Manning at the store this morning.
Why would the woman want Manning to have the sweatshirt? How much does she know? Who the hell is she?
The meeting with Ked brought no solutions, more problems, and now Leapers were crawling all through Manning’s yard. The mini flashlight lit up his path enough to press a safe speed, for as limited as his vision was, in the night atmosphere.
In a mind-rush, he tried to make sense of the recent revelations when…
BAAAAAM!



Chapter 21

|XXX|

Midair, Tsar raised his arms to protect his head from slamming into the ground, positioning his body to roll. He rolled to a stop in a ditch along the trail leading to Chase Manning’s house.
Before he could right himself, someone rolled him flat on his back and was on top of him with impossible speed. Placing their arm long-side, parallel to his shoulders, the person applied the right amount of pressure from their elbow against his windpipe.
A head bounced to within a fraction of his own and a mocking whisper fell upon his face. “Hello, Tinman, remember me?”
Stunned with how quickly he was taken off guard and having had the wind knocked out of him, he took notice of the woman’s royal accent.
“We’ll do this my way, Freeman.” Hesitating briefly before she applied more pressure to his windpipe, she spelled the words out slowly; “do… you… understand?”
Daring to nod affirmatively, he slightly moved his head. There was just enough light from the streetlamp to see her outline. She spoke with the authority deserving of a commanding officer. It was the same woman who was with Ked a few minutes earlier. And it was the same woman from earlier in the day with those penetrating hazel eyes. But there’s something more…
Who are you, woman? How do I know you?
Apparently satisfied with his response, the female let up, yet maintained her elbow as her primary weapon, keeping it close to his windpipe. Tsar was not fearful. He was impressed. He could become intoxicated by her sweet, wine-smelling scent and reach up and lick her lips, if it weren’t for the fact that she might crush his windpipe in the process.
His instinct told him that this woman just might be the source of information and strength that he needed on all levels.
Readying his voice the best he could, he demanded, “Who are you?” Hearing his own words squeak through his lips like a wounded mouse, he rolled his eyes, disgusted with himself for allowing this predicament.
“It’s not about who I am. It’s about who you are, and what you’ll do with… who you are.”
Tsar was quite confident in who he was. He wanted to know what she knew, and he was pretty certain that it was all relevant.
Again, he squeaked, “Why’d you take my sweatshirt?”
“I could care less about your stupid shirt. It’s only a game piece.”
So she is at least in part responsible for my missing jersey. She’s gutsy enough to even admit it!
Applying a little pressure, then easing up again but only slightly, she continued. “Remember for your own good that I’m asking the questions.” She nodded toward Manning’s place. “Why would Downs signal you?”
What!
“Answer me damn it, Freeman! Why would Downs signal you?”
Even if she’d felt the vibration, how the hell could she know it was Downs?
“I can’t be sure ‘ntil I get back to Jr. Command, and to do that, you have to release me.”
Like I’m telling you, female.
“Not yet, Freeman.”
“You got the wrong, man, I’m not Freeman.”
“Tosh! Who are you then?”
“That’s classified.”
With light laughter, she mocked him, “To be clear – Tsar is not a name, it’s a title you moron.”
She leaned in again, this time hard enough to make him cough. She enjoyed his helplessness for another moment before she backed off, but, only a little.
Still a struggle to speak with any authority, he continued to squeeze out his words, “Earlier you paid homage to me, and now you want to kill me! Are you insane?”
Her countenance grew serious and then she busted out with mocking laughter in his face, “Yes! You. Me. And all of weeee E…” Shifting quickly back to serious mode, she added, “And what you’re planning is going to go very bad. Yes. Bloody awful, unless I buffer you.”
“You don’t know me, lady.”
“You plan on a hostile takeover. Now tell me, am I wrong?”
Tsar felt lightheaded; confused by the effect that this woman had on him, or maybe, it was lack of air.
How could she know so much?
“Where’s the SD card, lady, before they slit your throat?”
Releasing him, she jumped to her feet, her face twisted in shock. “Ked still has it? He didn’t bloody give it to you?”
Tsar stood as well. Taken back by her sudden shift in character and the ability to breathe easily once again, he responded honestly as he caressed his throat. “He didn’t have it on him, and I shook him like a rattle.” Tsar remembered something about a fix when he questioned as to what she just implied. “Why would he give the card to me when he works for you?”
They held each other’s glare, both standing their ground, when a smile began to curl her lips. “Let’s see how long it takes for you to answer your own question – Einstein.”
Before he could consider a response, she slammed him again. “Just so we’re clear, Freeman; decommissioning Manning is the least of your worries. If this highly sensitive information gets into the wrong hands… we’re all dead.”
Tsar grabbed her arm and rolled her into him; wrapping her into his body with her back pushing into his chest as he put her into a chokehold. “How do you know all these things about me? Who are you? Where’s my sweatshirt!? Why would you take it?”
Able to barely pass her words through the pressure he now applied to her throat, she choked out the laughter, yet still maintained a strong voice. “The moron is worried about a bloody stupid sweatshirt.”
Tsar’s spoke more fiercely now as he repeated, “How can you know so much about me, damn it? Tell me!”
The woman coughing now, Tsar let up on his chokehold but only so he could understand her next words. “What you know is trivial. I know a lot of things… things that you need to know.”
With what seemed little effort, she was out of his grip and facing off with him. Gagging as she rubbed her neck, she swallowed hard then hissed at him, “As for your stupid shirt, only Manning can return it to you now. Forget your bloody sweatshirt and your senseless power play with me. It’s useless. And you! You are useless without me.”
He scoffed at her, “Before I’m done, you and Manning will both be dead.” Turning his head from her momentarily because what he just said was a lie, knowing he couldn’t kill Manning because of the System rule, but… he could kill her. He turned back to face her.
She sneered at him in disgust, “You’re a lot stupider than we thought you’d be.”
I am. I’m gonna kill her!
In the distance, he could hear shuffling.
The Leapers?
He looked to her. She also strained to listen. On instinct, they backed into one another – and back to back – moving as one, he could feel the heat of her body pressing into his as they turned scouting the perimeter.

|XXX|

Doing a full 360, having assessed the immediate area for intrusion, Tsar and his adversary turned and faced one another. Tsar could see the woman clearly now with the light shining from a distant street lamp.
She was extraordinary. Never had someone been able to anticipate his moves like she did. Drawing close to one another, he could feel her breath on his mouth as his body warmed to the feel of it.
Get a hold of yourself, man!
Barely a whisper, she directed him, “It ain’t safe to be flashing a light around here; I’ll take care of it. Get back to Jr. Command. Check the monitors.”
His mouth fell open.
How can she know all this?
Before he could ask the question, Sylar signaled him again but this time with laser-red bouncing off the tops of certain trees. Before Tsar could react to the signal, the woman dropped to the ground, and with one quick sweep of her leg, she took both his feet out from under him. He landed hard on his back again with another breath-taking thud.
Trying to stifle his cough, he looked over at her and wanted to strangle her right where she lay – right next to him, or maybe he just wanted to slide his tongue across her lips… instead, with a threatening, raspy whisper, “Would you cut the shit, woman!”
Again, the trees reflected bouncing red laser dots. Where the light bounced, Sylar revealed the locations of the Leapers. Two were on the path, two at the end of Manning’s driveway, and one each on the north and south side of the garage.
What are they doing and who ordered them?
Tsar rolled to his knees.
Without another word, the woman shot off in the direction of Manning’s house. He watched as she passed the tree line and dropped to a monkey-like crawl as she reemerged from the shadows. She closed in on the kid near the south side of the garage, Tsar watched him drop. She silenced him without even so much as a protesting whimper. She entered the backside of Manning’s garage. She was risking their position, and he had no idea what she hoped to gain by doing so.

|XXX|

Manning’s dogs were suddenly in the yard with ferocity, yelping and snapping as they protected the perimeter. The dogs forced the Leapers back, and they scurried like scared rats. Brake lights flashed, giving away the position of what was a black SUV swallowed up in the shadow of a large beech tree stretching over the dark road.
Crawling over top of one another, they piled into the back with both dogs at their heels snapping and growling. The SUV moved clearly into view now under the light of a street lamp. At least one leaper still hung from the vehicle as the SUV made it’s exit. The leaper was face down on the floor board, his legs thrashed about, bouncing from the road and back into the air.
Using Manning’s dogs was quick thinking and it worked.
She whistled and the dogs… came. She put them back inside and vanished to the south side of the property.
His mind reeled with questions; Why had the dogs responded so well? Why would they trust a stranger? Was she a stranger? How well did she know Chase Manning on a personal level? Maybe a lover?
If he could, he would kill them both.

|XXX|

Tsar focused on the kid who had been on the south side of Manning’s lot, the one that KC had silently laid out on the ground. He messaged Sylar to collect the boy and haul him to jail.
Tsar headed to Jr. Command. He hoped to salvage what he could from a meeting that could not have been more screwed up.
No SD, a powerful unannounced foe, some idiot ordered a move on Manning, and where is my damn sweatshirt!?
Coming around the corner of the building toward Jr. Command, a sliver of light shone through the slightly opened door.
Downs?
But he’d given him orders to take the kid to jail. Tsar reached in his pocket and pulled out his knife. Using his foot, he thrust the door wide as he flipped his knife open.
It wasn’t Downs.
Stunned, his eyes bulged and his mouth agape, he shoved out both hands, the knife extended, “What’re you doin’, lady?!”
She turned to him but only to silence him as she spoke into the phone. “Order a sweep of the area at sunrise – there’s loose and highly sensitive information in a civilian zone. A thin SD card inside a wallet.”
Woman, you have got to die.
She rattled off the location in Network code and disconnected the call. She stood and faced him. Ignoring his shock, she turned his attention to the monitors. The monitors showed the Leapers crawling through Manning’s back yard.
“You really need to be more careful, soldier boy.”
He looked at her, rolled his eyes, then dropped his head.
I am a bloody moron…

|XXX|

“Hello, King Charles.”
She turned from the monitors, simply smirked at him, then turned back to the monitors.
“Or can I just call you Charlie for short?”
She moved directly in his face. She came so close to his lips that once again he could taste her breath. “You can call me anything you like, jolly good boy, but I’ll answer only if it suits me to do so. And remember this; I don’t work for you, Freeman.”
She shoved him aside and disappeared into the crescent moonlit night.

|XXX|

Sitting at his desk, Tsar watched the video feed from the last twenty minutes of the Manning property. His mind split between Charlie and her inside Network position combined with those who dared to invade his assignment with Manning.
Turning to Sylar who’d just returned from the station, “Whose Leapers are crawling the area?”
“Fitz’s boys.” Pointing to the screen, Sylar continued, “Fitz pulled in and out three different times. That’s his cruiser.”
Tsar glanced at Sylar, “I saw a black SUV picking up some boy who’d been walking with William Ked.”
“Somebody else could’ve been driving the SUV. But that’s Fitz’s cruiser, sir.”
“What do you think he’s up to?” Tsar asked with genuine curiosity.
“Certainly a power play. He’s no idea yet of just who he’s up against. He’s jumping the gun. Might even get himself killed…” Sylar’s voice trailed off at the idiocy of the Chief. No one wanted Manning out of the way more than Tsar did, and no one would take that privilege from him either. Not King Charles and not Ronald Fitz.
“Do you want me to make a few calls and shine the light on Fitz?”
“No. I’ll take it from here, Captain. Dismissed.”
Downs nodded as he moved toward the open door when Tsar remembered, “One more thing, Captain, did you share with anyone about my meeting with Ked tonight?”
Sylar scowled in confusion and without hesitation replied, “No, sir. Absolutely not.”
Tsar locked eyes with the Captain and said, “Dismissed.”
If Downs isn’t giving King Charles direction, who is? And does the Colonel even know about her?
His attention turned toward the monitors. Again, he replayed Fitz’s cruiser as it pulled into Manning’s driveway.
Ballsy mother.
Watching the playback on the monitors, Tsar considered whether or not to confront Fitz before the man buried himself.
With all the chaos playing out in Manning’s back yard, Tsar couldn’t imagine what would be going on inside the Chief’s head.
What’s your end goal in all this mess? How is it that Manning poses a threat to you? Manning knows something about you – something lethal to your career or to your reputation?
He decided against confrontation with Fitz. He’d give him another day to hang himself and then… Tsar would cut him loose from his self-made noose just before the man choked to death in it. He turned his attention back to the monitors inside Manning’s house.
The monitor in the living room showed both doors to the bedrooms shut. The monitors in the kitchen, garage, and workshop showed no signs of life. The grounds now quiet.
With all the commotion, the mistress of the house never stirred. Hmm?
Tsar’s thoughts drifted back to the woman who was code-named, “King Charles,” and how she was so closely connected to Manning’s household. And then the conversation between her and Ked about the Chief, “If Fitz ties you into our target, things’ll get very complicated; he might get the wrong idea that he’s the one we’re targeting.”
Tapping his desk, Tsar mentally zoomed out the entire picture of the evening. He watched it play out from a birds-eye view; beginning with seeing Ked on the trail with the other kid who disappeared just before the “King” arrived, and then up to the time that Tsar shook Ked like a rattle looking for the SD card. Tsar was able to see all locations, people, and events at once.
He remembered Downs’s summary on Fitz, that he, too, frequented the Phoenix Center where Ked worked, where Ked and King Charles just completed their investigation on Fox. The kid just got a fix… from who?
Tsar slammed the palms of his hands on the desk and spoke to the empty room. “That’s it! Fitz was positioning them, both Manning and Ked. I should’ve seen this.”
He pushed back his chair and, in a rush, headed out for the Old Orphanage.

|XXX|

He had taken the trail back to the Orphanage. Ked was nowhere in sight. Maybe he was wrong or maybe he was right. It was out of his hands now.
Sitting on his bunk, he took off his boots. He put word out to Downs to check on Ked’s location via his cell phone. Should Downs locate Ked, he was ordered to retrieve him and mandate Ked follow orders to the assigned safe house.
The Jr. Command had been set up prior to Tsar’s arrival in the Village. He had assumed it was put together specifically for his position to lead there. He’d had no idea that King Charles, or anyone else, might have been operating from that location, off and on, for what could be a decade now.
The radio played at a whisper in the background as Tsar lay on the bunk and closed his eyes. He let his mind shrink all of the night’s events from view as well as the players involved; Butterfly, Ked, Fitz, Downs, Manning, the Leapers, and all that came with them.
But this King Charles, Charlie, he put in the forefront of his mind…

“I never heard a single
Word about you…”

No, not a word but I’ve seen you before.
Tsar relaxed his breathing as he let her image waltz right inside his mind. There she stood. In the corner of the hotel room just before…
You!
King Charles?
Washington D.C...

There is a time for survival and a time for denial –
know the times.

KC.
KC?!



Chapter 22

|OOO|

The low sound of humming in the distance draws him in. Opening his eyes, he looks down for his hands but instead gets lost to the scene below.
He’s on a balcony overlooking a pulpit beneath. Centered in the pulpit, is a bride in pure white, who stands next to a groom in shimmering black. The bride and groom face a man wearing a flowing black, hooded robe who speaks with a magnified voice, “And the two shall become one.”
He’s not sure where he is or who the people are that stand at the altar, but he knows it’s all a dream. Within the dream, he knows it’s a dream.
He looks down for his hands again when his attention floats to the walls, from the walls to the windows…
Windows painted in darkness mirror the flame of burning wicks, one centered on each of the window sills. Drifting trails of waxy smoke snake up towards the ceiling in a bluish gray wispy curl of confusion. Movement below draws his attention away from the hypnotic imagery.
The man in the long, black, flowing robe begins chanting mysteries to the two people standing in front of him. The woman in white and the man in black turn to face one another. The few spectators sitting in the pews bow their heads, chanting in unison. Trails of drifting smoke from every side begin to thicken into fog.
This dream is a revelation? This dream is lost in time? This dream represents the future?
“Oh God! Maybe this isn’t a dream at all…”
Looking down to the center of the chapel, the smoky fog dances in and out with a twisted rhythm, confusing his vision and his thoughts. The man in the black, flowing robe breaks his garbled chanting and speaks in English again, “You may kiss the bride.”
He focuses with all his strength to see the man who faces the woman, but the fog still hovers, masking the man’s face. The man lifts the woman’s veil. Keeping her focus downward, she tilts her head slightly toward the spectators, searching… hoping. Chase can see her tear-streaked face, her eyes swollen and red.
“Frankie? Frankie. She’s searching for me!”
His body is as dried cement. He struggles with all his might to move, to cry out to her, but his weakened cries carry like lost balloons floating off into the dark places of the heavens.
In a unified vacuum motion, the flames on the candles swoosh.
No one below notices as a strong man enters, his hood pulled over his head. He walks to the center of the room where the bride and groom stand. No one acknowledges him as though he is invisible.
“Is that me?”
Unable to move or be heard from his elevated position, he closes his eyes and tries to hear the words of the chanting below when the man wearing the robe repeats, “And the two shall become one.”
He opens his eyes and looks back to the chapel. Barely able to focus, the balcony where he stands begins to free-float upwards into even darker places in the heavens. Higher and higher into the pressing darkness he floats helplessly as his weighted body remains cemented to the floating surface beneath him.
He will die. She will die. They will die.
Looking down, he searches for his hands inside the fog. Wiggling his fingers and turning his hands, he focuses only on them now. With practiced effort, he extends his wrists pulling his hands upwards, bringing them both into a blurry view.
My hands…

|OOO|

Reaching for a conscious state, the sound of humming was closer now. He could see through closed eyelids that the surroundings had brightened. His body felt as though it were still floating in outer space, having minimal control of his limbs.
He remembered searching for his hands.
It must’ve been a dream, only a dream… Wake up!
Weight began to return to his body; his limbs began to find strength and mobility as he felt fabric spread out beneath him. Grasping at the fabric, he focused his hands to wrap it tightly, to stop the weightless floating into darkness.
He opened his eyes.
Collecting his senses, the sun was still rising. He turned his head back and forth until things began to look familiar.
I’m home!
He was in his room, their room. Not some little chapel with freaks running around and chanting!
He thought to analyze the dream, but it was just a dream coming from another world. Not his world.
Let it go, Chase, let it go.
His eyes followed the source of humming. A fan.
He pulled himself up and swung around, letting his legs fall to the side of the bed as he reached out and shut the fan off. He remembered now that he’d turned it on high to drown out any sounds that would remind him of a lost, beautiful evening with his wife, because he was such a loser.
Getting out of bed, he saw the fancy box tied with shiny, silver strips and topped with a large, silver bow sitting on the bureau. Their anniversary gift. Their ruined anniversary. Her gift to them as one, which they were to share into a long and intimate evening.
What a waste.
He fell back onto the bed, bouncing to a stop, as his body began to feel the weight of despair within the conscious world. Reaching back where his wife should lay in bed, he grabbed her pillow and pulled it to his chest with the tip of it at his nose. He deeply inhaled her scent.
His incredible wife, what had he done last night? She’d offered him a perfect gift – just the two of them to get away, and he’d practically sneered at it.
I’m a damn fool!
More than not trusting to leave their home unattended, there was also his child-driven fear; if he left again, this time, he may never make it back.

|OOO|

He was only fourteen the night his mother told him they were leaving the Village. They left that very next day. His mother never confessed it, but she had a silent fear of Nan as though Nan could somehow stop her. Janice didn’t want to give the loving woman a chance to save him from her… his own mother.
Chase slipped out of the house late that evening to say goodbye to Nan and Frankie. After his goodbye’s, he’d left Nan’s and walked up into the Village.
The whimpering sounds of a Baby seemed to echo all throughout the Village. Chase sought to find the child. He couldn’t remember the first time he’d ever heard the pitiful sound of the child’s cry; it had seemed to always be a part of him.
He went in search of the child, hoping to save the Baby and bring him back to Nan’s for protection before he left the Village...

Summer of 1997

As Chase walked toward the edge of the forest, Frankie came up beside him. He’d been so engrossed in the sounds of the child that he hadn’t heard her. At first jumpy, he calmed immediately as she slipped her small hand into his with such determination. Frankie, never knowing fear as he’d lived with all his life, nor the ghostly cries of a Baby, was steadfast by his side that night.
Nan would be angry with Frankie, but Chase would see to Frankie’s safe return. He didn’t want to go alone. Not this time.
Chase doesn’t remember finding the Baby, and he can’t remember how little Frankie made her way back home that night.

|OOO|

Forcing himself, he dragged himself to the edge of the bed beginning to feel the full weight of his emotional misery and physical exhaustion. Slowly he stood. Rubbing his forehead, he felt like he’d tied on a good one last night.
Looking at the clock, “What good is nine hours of sleep to wake up feeling like this?”
Walking into the bathroom, he vaguely remembered the dogs barking in the middle of the night but at a distance. Perhaps Frankie let them out. Or maybe they were coyotes. After washing his hands and face, he brushed his teeth in the slight chance Frankie might wake up and come near him. He looked at himself in the mirror after he rinsed his mouth of the minty toothpaste, and the man looking back reflected just how tired Chase felt.
Opening his bedroom door, he walked out into the living room. The door immediately to the right was the guest room. The door was closed.
He moved through their living room to the kitchen. Part of him relieved there would be no confrontation, but all of him felt deep remorse for his ridiculous reaction to her proposal last night, in part ruining their tenth anniversary. Yet, not much could’ve topped the Bimbo episode.
Turning the water on, he let it run clean from sitting in the pipes all night. The payroll checks were next to the coffee machine like any other Friday morning. She was faithful in everything she did. He didn’t deserve her. But still, she was his and he was hers. Pouring the water in the four-cup machine, he added a heaping scoop of coffee.

|OOO|

Chase gave the dogs an apologetic scruff of the head and a good ear rub. He went to unlock the side door leading out from the garage. It wasn’t locked.
Strange.
Frankie likely took the dogs for a walk last night, but she always locked the door behind her. On a normal day, he might chastise her for this. Today was a good day to just shut up.
Reminding the dogs to stay close, he headed back to the kitchen through the garage, but first he opened the passenger door to the SUV and snapped open the glove box. Taking out his wedding band, he slid it on his finger. He tenderly touched the smooth, shiny gold as though it were his wife’s face. Bringing his hand to his lips, he kissed the ring as he let out a sigh of regret for a special evening lost forever.
In the kitchen, he poured water in the coffee machine. It spilled over to the counter, soaking the envelopes with payroll checks in them, then onto the floor.
You idiot, you poured water in it already.
He shook the envelopes off, but they were too damaged to bring in. Chase had never had to make a check out, certainly never turned on a computer.
Maybe she’ll forgive me and bring me a kiss with new, dry checks.
Doubtful on the first but definite on the latter.
As hurt as she’d been, she would need her space to work it out on her own. He owed her that much. The last argument they had, she left early in the morning and returned late in the evening, silent but not angry. Hurt but not mad. He encouraged her to be candid, strong, and independent no matter how much he squirmed while she was working things out.
Removing the coffee and filter, he tipped the machine into the sink to drain out all of the water, filled it a third time, and returned the coffee and filter back in the machine. He flipped the switch; the red light appeared on the coffee machine. Grabbing paper towel, he dried the watery mess.
I know what she wants.
His wife had often tried to get inside his head, to heal him. Chase let out a soft but helpless chuckle. Frankie had no idea that to take that lid off and expose all that was within his twisted mind was a danger so severe, that no one could contain it. He would have his wife nowhere near him should that lid ever get taken off, particularly where Ronald Fitz was concerned.
Chase thought about the safe zone he’d prepared as he drained the pot of coffee into the thermos and tightened the lid. And should that lid come loose, I have a backup plan to protect her. A safe room.
He chuckled at his own insanity. It’s better than nothing.
He opened the door and retrieved Warden to come inside. Bouncer took her place next to the work truck. Chase double checked all side and garage doors. Secure. Leaving through the kitchen for the front door, he glanced over to the office/guest room. The door was still shut tight. He drew closer to it and then reached for the doorknob.
He hesitated.
With his hand stopped midair, he wanted to open the door, go in, and drop to his knees next to the small bed. He wanted to show her his hand with the wedding band on his finger, a peace offering. Instead, the thought of rejection ruled him, followed by a worse scenario that somehow his offering of peace would all backfire, and they’d be worse than before. He hung his head in defeat.
If you want me, babydoll, I’m right here. I promise.
Chase pulled his hand back from the door knob and let it drop to his side.

|OOO|

The warm and muggy air greeted him. The temperature was nearly sixty-five degrees already according to the thermometer hanging on the side of his workshop, warm for an early morning at 5:30, even for summer days. Today was forecasted in the low nineties. Tonight would be a stormy night, tomorrow would feel like a day in April… it’s just how the weather rolled in and out, back and forth, up and down – here in New England.
Checking the door to his workshop, it was locked. Chase looked around before walking in. He could feel someone watching him.
Who the hell is watching me?
He pulled his truck around and loaded up with the tools and equipment he would need for the day. Everything felt surreal this morning, why? That damn dream made him feel like he was light-years away.
He snatched a Red Bull from the refrigerator in the back of the shop. Opening the can, he swigged it down in one breathless gulp. The fake cherry taste sent massive amounts of caffeine and Vitamin B through his blood. He crushed the can and threw it in the trash.
Thrown away and forgotten.
Fitz threatened Frankie yesterday like the days when they were kids. The thought set into motion, a chain of childhood memories. And last night, the Bimbo at the restaurant?
Did Fitz send her? Trying to drive a wedge between me and Frankie?
Chase remembered Julia mentioning their dining destination in the store yesterday.
Probably so, that filthy pig!
Locking up the workshop, he let Bouncer take her position inside the cab, then started up the work truck. Heading out the driveway, Chase considered the bimbo’s non-sexual gestures from last night, and if she knew Tsar, then she was one of them. And those hand signals? If Frankie hadn’t interrupted when she did, the woman was also about to hand him something. What? It could’ve answered some of their questions. 
Or... it could have ended their marriage.
Tapping the steering wheel for some answers as he pulled out onto Mount Road, what were the hand signals?
Two?
No. K? Yes.
K and C.
KC?!



Chapter 23

|OXO|

Frankie pushed herself up into a sitting position on the edge of the bed. Her body felt three times its normal weight. Looking out the window, the sun high in the sky already, she guessed it to be about 8 a.m..
Having slept later than usual, the Sleepy Time tea had been most effective. She lingered on the edge of the bed slowly rocking back and forth, to get the blood moving. Eyes heavy, they kept closing.
I really just want to fall back on the bed.
She rubbed her eyes until they were so dry they burned. She leaned forward from the bed and stood up. Standing for a moment, she tried to balance herself. There were times when she slept like a rock for no particular reason and last night was one of them.
Opening the door to the living room, Warden was there waiting for her. She reached down to him and nuzzled his head, careful not to fall into him. “Good morning, buddy.” Standing back up, she felt light headed.
She went to their bedroom, and noticed the comforter pulled up in a bachelor fashion. She opened the French doors to the patio for Warden to go out, and commanded him with a tired voice, “Stay in the back yard, Warden.”
He licked her hand and headed out.
Part of her was moving on autopilot. She could work through the fog.
Just keep moving, Frankie baby.
She didn’t feel sick, just heavy.
She noticed the package still on the dresser, the gift for them to celebrate their anniversary night together, still wrapped and unmoved. “Ugh!” She reached down and pulled his pillow into her face. Sitting on his side of the bed, she hugged the smell of him.
Quietly she moaned at the sadness of it all… until the memory of him tossing his ring into the glove box surfaced. All the beauty from the gift, lost in a single motion. Hurt became anger.
She stood up. Taking the pillow, she whipped it up and down on the bed until her light-headedness returned. She fumed, “What an ass you are!”
You could’ve handled that so much better, Chase.
She paused for a moment and considered… maybe I could’ve too.
Still, you’re an ass.
Scooping up the pillow, she slung it at the wall. Leaving their bedroom, she looked down to the pillow that now lay on the floor. She sneered at it as though it represented her husband.
Stepping inside the kitchen, “I hope he made coffee this morning. I don’t think I’ll stand long enough to make it myself.” She noticed the wet checks beside the thermos. Odd. She picked up the thermos. It was full.
She looked around for some sort of note; a suggestion of reconciliation, make up anniversary celebration, an “I love you” note, anything that would show his heart and how he was feeling. Nothing. He had made her coffee, and this was his unwritten note to her...“Fill in the blanks baby doll and while you’re at it, I need new checks.”
She splashed some milk in a coffee mug, filled the rest with coffee, and set it on the table. Plopping heavily into the chair, she exhaled some misery.
Sipping the coffee, she wondered who she could give the Maine vacation to so it wouldn’t be an entire waste. Closing off the tears as they stung her eyes, she gently slapped her cheeks and determined that sitting around the house brooding was not how she would spend the day. Only she could choose to make it a good day. She finished her first cup of coffee and made another.
Calling Warden back inside; she decided to plan out her day while drinking her second cup of coffee. The first item on her list? A shower.

|OXO|

Showered, new checks printed, backup toiletries in place, she grabbed another mug of coffee. She and Warden stepped through the French doors of the master suite to the patio. Feeling sixty percent, she hoped the third cup would bring her to seventy percent.
Warden went off chasing his little friend in the backyard. Chip, as they referred to him. Chip made his home beside the propane tank. The tank was tucked under a small roof, next to the house. It wasn’t clear if Chip liked Warden, but Warden enjoyed the sport of chasing Chip.
Standing next to their patio table, she sipped from the mug of coffee when a sparkle caught her eye. Hanging from a small hook on the outside kitchen window, crystal sun-catchers danced to the reflection of the sun, twisting with magnificent colors.
A breeze kicked up from the south; Frankie, moving gingerly, stepped down the stairs and off the deck to catch it on her face. The house had broken the wind, yet as it continued to pass through, it soon found and embraced her.
She closed her eyes and chose to believe that it was a hug from God Himself. Along with the breeze whispering all around her, she heard the birds chirping with busyness and the leaves as they tousled on the branches.
Within the darkness of her eyelids, bounced thousands of tiny, shredded diamond ribbons free floating around her in a majestic dance of celebration. As she slowly opened her eyes, the sparkles of diamonds continued to dance all around her as the reflection of the sun bounced off the crystal.
The heavy fog that had weighted her body was lifting, though still she struggled with her emotions from their lost evening. With tears in her eyes, “God, lift my spirits.”
She wondered if Chase would be at work when she arrived with the new checks. Sometimes he had boss things to do. Often times he had to run back and forth to LakeRidge Home Supply, which was the closest lumber yard in the area. This happened a few times a week. At times he’d go in the early evening before Frankie was home, stop, and pick up a pizza for dinner. Perhaps she’d get lucky and today, he’d be in LakeRidge.
Finishing her coffee, Frankie went back inside, grabbed the new checks, locked the doors, and headed out for the jobsite with a little dread and an arm load of embarrassment.
Just get it over with.

|OXO|

Returning home, she hit the remote for the garage door to close. That went well. She seethed out a cynical chuckle.
Frankie opened the back door of the SUV and letting the back seat down for Warden to jump out, “Come on, boy, let’s leave this place of despair and try to make it a good day.”
Frankie wasn’t sure if Chase had seen her pull in and avoided her, or not seen her at all when she stopped by with the new checks. None of the guys came to the windows or doors with the loud music, generators, and compressors in the background. Bouncer gave the signal, but likely her sound was lost in the midst of all the noise. No doubt the entire jobsite was wrapped in a sour mood today.
As she opened the driver’s door of his work truck to put the checks on the dash, the seat was pushed forward slightly. Before pushing the seat back in its place – she noticed a balled up sweatshirt, forest green and silver. She assumed that the shirt was the same one that had raised the big scene yesterday morning at the Village store with Fitz. She held it up behind the seat. It was rather heavy for a jersey. As it dropped open, the scent of mothballs released, fanning her face. She turned it to find the numbers 77 on the back but there was no name. It appeared to be Chase’s high-school football jersey.
Immediately her female suspicions kicked in. This shirt, that he’d last seen in Germany, appeared after all these years, and on the same day that some harlot approached her husband who spoke the same language.
Opening the utility door leading to the kitchen, Frankie mumbled her misery all through the house on the way to the bedroom.
“I will find the trashy tramp and smash her!”
She conjured up an image of slapping the tramp-like beauty and ripping at her hair with the woman cringing in fear. Frankie rolled her eyes. Even in her mind the image was ludicrous. Would she waste time looking for a woman of whom she had no idea of where to start, then what would she do if she did find her – force some strange woman to answer for Chase? Her husband!
Ridiculous.
Shut up, Frankie, and get moving. If you want answers, start with your husband not some strange trollop. If you don’t like his answers, smash him, then find the bimbo, and smash her!
Laughing at her own madness, she slid open her drawers and found a pair of black, nylon sport shorts and a neon pink tank top. Frankie kicked off her sandals and went to the closet. She pulled on a pair of gray ankle socks then grabbed her pink sneakers. She sat on the side of the bed to put them on when she noticed their wedding gift, still there. She thought to take a knife and stab it!
Hastily tying her shoes, she remembered the sweatshirt - Chase’s football jersey. Frankie felt somewhat slighted through the years that it was a part of his life that did not include her.
Frankie had seen him in his high-school yearbook wearing it. When she had asked Chase where the jersey was, he had said he’d left it in the ceremonies hall that night before he went to the party.
His pictures showed him to be strong and athletic. Never was there a picture of him and a girl but several with many guys and girls in them. He was a jock through and through. He even participated in fundraising events.
He’d been voted most athletic his senior year along with being the football captain, wrestling, and track captain. He had said that he was too busy with sports for a girlfriend and was saving himself for her. Yet, he did confess to one drunken night with a classmate. Maybe this classmate, a cheerleader or something, was the same bimbo from last night? The more she considered it, the angrier she became. She tried hard to remember if any of the pictures of the girls from his high school resembled the one from the restaurant yesterday. She considered going in search of his yearbooks when she did a one-eighty…
“Warden,” she yelled out louder than she’d meant too, “Get your leash we’re leaving!” Grabbing her keys from the kitchen table, Warden met her at the front door with the leash in his mouth. She took it, wrapped it around her waist twice, then clipped it.

|OXO|

At 9:45 a.m., the sun hovered above a humid sky blanketing the Village. Inhaling the heaviness of the damp air into her lungs, Frankie and Warden made their way to the beaten path from their backyard which led to the Main Trail. The summer morning sun stretched the shadows of the trees, bushes, and ferns distorting their length and width. Tree trunks became as thin as wire and as long as a mile.
Frankie declared, “No weapon formed against me shall prosper, and in this mood, I could take on an army Lord!”
Stepping up on the path; she looked the distance before her, behind her, and to the sides. All alone, just she and Warden.
“Well, Warden, Nan’ll be gone til tomorrow. It’ll be just you and me at the Resort. Today we’ll swim, kayak, and chase the ducks. Oh and yes! Blueberry muffins for sure.” Although hurt, angry, and disappointed, the Resort always had a way to change the mood.
Home.
Then, she remembered… “Ahh, Warden. I don’t know how much longer we’ll be able to even chase the ducks at the Resort.”
Nan and Frankie knew the likely fate of the Hotel would be decided by the children of Mr. Silverton. Nan would know the details before the weekend was over. If Frankie had the six million it was worth, she would buy it. It was one of the last Resorts on the lake that had such a large amount of beach frontage. Her, Nan, and Chase were as close to that amount as they were to reaching the moon in walking distance. The banks president already had investors lined up.
Feeling her distress Warden moaned, drawing her attention back to earth. She stopped. Warden came near and Frankie got down on her knees, grabbed him by the ears, and nuzzled her head into his. “It’s a beautiful morning, buddy. Thank you for spending it with me.”

|OXO|

There were several trails in the area; some snow machine trails like the one over near Fallen Mountain, as well as walking paths, all maintained by the towns which they ran through. This trail behind her home was both a winter and summer trail. People walk, jog, and bike in the warmer months and in the winter; cross country ski, snow shoe, and snow mobile.
Their own home was built within fifty yards of this trail. Frankie was delighted when Chase chose this lot to build their home. Owned by his family for over two hundred years through his mother’s side, Janice Leigh Manning, the land was a gift to Chase and Frankie for their wedding. Chase had been reluctant, not wanting anything from his mother. He moved aside his pride, because during that time, he didn’t even own a vehicle that would pass state inspection.
They’d stayed in one of the Hotel suites for a few months while Chase cleared, stumped, and prepped for the septic and well. He bartered work on the weekends for materials and the use of heavy equipment. With a dug well and septic holding tank, he purchased a camper about twenty feet long, and there they camped for the next twenty-four months. With Nan’s help, they got approved for a small construction loan. Chase, Joe, Julia, and Frankie worked together, off and on, until their home was complete. Chase worked fourteen hours a day, seven days a week.
They were the hardest and sweetest days of our marriage.

|OXO|

Warden went about sniffing everything in sight acting more like a hound dog than a German Shepherd. He stopped several times discovering scents that were peculiar to him. He looked back from Frankie to the spot where the scent was, and then sounded off with a low groan. The scent could actually be his own or Bouncers from their walk the night before.
“It’s okay, boy.” She reached down to pet him. “You’re a very good protector.”
Warden walked another twenty yards and stopped at the rushing brook that ran underneath a newly constructed walking bridge. He looked back for approval to get a drink. She nodded as she spoke, “Go.” 
Warden finished his drink and returned to his lead position. Frankie looked out at the stretch of clear-paved trail in front of them as though an answer to her husband’s troubles would be easily found there. She shook her head.
I doubt it.
Then she looked off to the sides, to the bushes, and to the forest. “Yes, the answers to Chase’s dysfunctional childhood are there, hidden in a critter hole and buried deep underground, just like the answers as to why some tramp called him, ‘Tsar!’”
In the midst of her confusion and anger, she recalled her grandmother’s teaching… Nothing is hidden from You Lord.
Frankie turned her attention back to her four-legged companion.

|OXO|

Warden followed his nose, just off the trail and into the woods. Calling him back, she clapped her hands. Without hesitation, he came back to her and moved back to his lead position. He remained distracted by the scent in the bushes when a large, gray squirrel ran across their path being chased by a chipmunk. Warden looked to Frankie, anticipating a chase with new little friends.
In a firm tone, “No.”
Frankie knew that her tone was harsher then she’d intended as Warden drew back his ears. She reached down and scruffed his head. “It’s okay, boy.” She pointed to the trail ahead, confirming he take his position, and stay close to her.
Running around the beaches and chasing the ducks where he was in plain view was fine, but she didn’t want him roaming through the heavy woods. Between her disappointed evening with Chase last night, the bimbo, and then the sweatshirt… having Warden close by brought as much comfort as a girl could get right now.
Trotting a few steps ahead, Frankie noticed as he perked up his ears and turned sharply to the left. He tilted his head back and forth as he filtered the sound. Sniffing followed. Frankie held back, giving him some space so as not to distract him. This time it was more than a gray squirrel. She could tell by how sharp, yet wary, his movements were.
He threw her a cautionary glance – stay put.
She did as she was told, and he moved forward to investigate. His eyes had darted toward the Old Orphanage about thirty feet ahead to the left, hidden still by trees and underbrush. In a sprint he hurried to the cross trail, with his ears pointed as sharp as the tip of a triangle, where he could get a clear and safe view. A few seconds later, he trotted back to Frankie. Intelligent, he knew not to sound off – not to draw any unwanted attention. With the pride of a mother, Frankie watched Warden show off his skills.
Looking to the left in the direction of the Old Orphanage, the trees so thick along with the under growth, that the deeper her eyes burrowed into the forest, the darker it became. She would have to do a direct visual of the old place by waiting until they reached the cross trail to find out what had Warden’s ears at full attention.
Walking closer to the place of her husband’s childhood refuge, she cringed at the thought of how many nights he’d hidden there when he was little, pretending he was sleeping at a friend’s house. Nan had a habit of calling Janice Manning to see that Chase made it home okay. If no one answered her call, she’d pace for a bit, and then speak to Frankie, “Come now, deeyah, let’s take a stroll and enjoy the beautiful evening.”
Nan made it seem as though they were just taking a walk along the path when they would stumble upon him at the abandoned building. He was only ten, maybe eleven. He’d been a little embarrassed and nervous the few times they’d found him at the Old Orphanage. Nan would make light of it. She would invite him to spend the night, call his mother and let her know he’d be there with them overnight helping with Frankie, and he’d be paid for his time. Chase would come back with them to the Resort for the night all chatty and excited.
With these memories surfacing, a flash of guilt struck her for being angry with Chase. Still, she moved forward.
As for Janice Manning; Frankie considered how one could neglect a child – her own child; a beautiful child with amazing skills and talent.
Shame on the woman and all her kind!
And where are my children? Grrr…!

|OXO|

Frankie was now able to see around the corner of the cross trail to the left, which led to Chase’s old hiding place. Following Warden’s glare about a few hundred feet away, to the front of the Old Orphanage, were several uniformed people shuffling about. Frankie had heard a few town officials propose that they decimate the abandoned and obsolete Village-owned buildings. Why they were out in such force was overkill.
The sight generated a vague sound memory; the sound of dogs barking ferociously in the distance last night.
Neighbors dogs perhaps?
In the moment, simultaneously with the sound memory of the night before, she became convinced that the two situations were connected. She looked to Warden for his response to the scene. He tilted his head back and forth, seeming uncertain. All things combined brought a chill to her, in spite of the hot, humid morning.
Suddenly, she felt naked out in the woods without a human witness. Not wanting to bring any attention to herself, she continued walking at an even pace until she was out of sight. Then she picked up her speed to a fast moving jog. Trotting, Warden maintained his distance ahead of her. About another half mile ahead and she couldn’t get to the Resort quick enough.

|OXO|

Paddling smoothly around the lake in the kayak, Warden had his place. He was as steady as the trunk of a tree riding in the back.
Frankie would hear soon enough what all the commotion was about on the trail. But out here, this was where she wanted her attention to be.
Looking about her surroundings, she’d made the right choice. Here, the only troubles were the ones she chose to focus on. She decided to focus on the beauty of her surroundings and leave the marital and Village woes behind.
The softwood trees, lightly leaning into the water, displayed their new growth like a lady with freshly painted finger nails. A seaplane floated overhead. The water so calm, it reflected perfectly the beautiful sky above. She glanced at her watch; 10:45. Chase would break for lunch at 11:00, maybe? She wanted to be with Chase and yet she wasn’t ready to be, not yet.
I need a break from all of it. Hmm. A vacation perhaps?
Considering all they’d been through last night, the feelings were still too raw to discuss anything; with her husband, with Nan, and even with Julia. Frankie didn’t stop at the store on her way through. She was embarrassed that their anniversary evening had been ruined and that she was partly to fault. She had shut down her phone when she returned from dropping off the checks, shutting out everyone. She needed some space and she would have it.
Frankie had never spent a single night by herself except the one time at the Hotel when she left Chase…

|OXO|

His last day drinking came on a Sunday after a weekend binge in LakeRidge. Nan drove to the city jail the following Monday morning to bail him out. Frankie had moved out of their home and into the Hotel before Nan returned to the Village with Chase that morning. Frankie refused to tolerate his drinking any longer and all the deceit that came with it. She had made it clear that if Chase took any initiative to contact her, she would make it long-term and move to an apartment.
Having never played the move-out and move-back game before, he knew she was serious. Her grandmother made it clear to both of them that part of being married was working it out. Nan would not be used as a housing intermediary. A week later, Frankie got a phone call she couldn’t resist.
Pastor Dave had asked if she would meet with them. Chase had actually on his own, gone to see the Pastor and asked him to intervene on his behalf.
Frankie was excited, nervous, and even a little shocked when she first saw him with the Pastor. He’d lost ten pounds in one week. He reached out to hold her hand, and as he shook slightly, the faint smell of smoke clung to him. His eyes were a bit glassy. He was jittery, like an alcoholic in withdrawal, but that wasn’t why he jittered. He looked terrified that he might lose her. She was surprised to see such vulnerability in him. That of a child even.
They agreed to a summer of counseling. The Pastor took her aside and reminded her of her marital vows as well as to acknowledge that his drinking alone did not make way for a physical separation. Although troubled, he’d never harmed Frankie. Not ever. She agreed to move back home, but only if Chase continued with counseling and quit drinking completely. It took a few years before she began to relax and acknowledge that it was more than a temporary change.

And yet even with the alcohol no longer interfering in their marriage, there was a hovering that remained.

|OXO|

Frankie paddled the kayak along and thought more about needing a break. While she had left Chase for that week and stayed at the Hotel, she was surrounded by people that she knew.
I’ve never really been anywhere on my own.
The thought of going somewhere all by herself seemed enticing. Liberating. She let the anticipation build. A grin formed as she considered Chase’s response if she actually dared do it…
He would be ripped.
Frankie laughed out loud, her laughter bouncing off the water and echoing clear to the other side of the lake.
It would serve him right.
The thought of how ridiculous she must sound made her laugh all that much louder, making Warden moan with warning.
Yes, Chase would be ripped!

|OXO|

Frankie swam to the floating dock. Upon the dock was a cushion that Chase had placed there for her. She lay down to consider the next few days.
Swaying to the rhythm of the gentle waves as they lapped against the floating dock, she began to fall into a slumbered state somewhere between heaven and earth…

Suspended by the breath of God, she floated on water as soft as silk. Turning from side to side at the magnificence and splendor all around her, she settled her eyes on the floor beneath the water and relaxed her body. She allowed herself to sink downward, deep into the air-filled water. She opened her mouth and inhaled living water, quenching a lifelong thirst.
Beneath the water and along the edges, a great pool was lined with smooth, flawless gems of deep blue sapphire and light blue aquamarine dancing in contrast to each other.
Stairs leading from the water were adorned in jewels of crimson red. The reflection of the water swayed in rhythm to the splendid colors, creating an echo of images on walls fashioned with pure diamond. 
Even the colors celebrated His majesty…
With a gentle whisper moving her, she floated toward the stairs. Ascending from the pool, her body glided along a crystal surface. With delight she rolled around, distracted by every magnificent color that moved the walls gently in a circular motion. Slowly another opening appeared, with towering pearl doors held open by creatures so beautiful and so bright, eyes could not behold. Beyond the creatures was an endless staircase also made of pure pearl.
Her knees pulled close to her chest as though she were crawling, though she never touched the floor as she made flight. Each stair was attended by the most magnificent creatures, an aura of pure love emanating from them. Her body moved toward the brilliant Light at the top of the mountainous stairway… the Source of all pure love.
This is where she came from, this is home.



Chapter 24

|OOO|

Several times Chase took off his sunglasses to wipe the steam, only to realize the entire world was smoldering. The simmering heat of the day was making radio news every fifteen minutes. At 2 p.m., it was 89 degrees and rising. The humidity so thick and with the heat, he was wrapped in smothering thick sweat.
His emotions from the night before and into this morning continued to mount instead of subside; and for it, he wanted to make somebody pay and not just anybody…
Cody left to cash his check while Joe stayed back to help wrap up from the day. Joe rolled the compressors inside the site trailer while Chase put the nail guns, rounds of nails, and smaller tools in the utility truck. With all the guns and equipment quiet, the sound of fluttering from the wings of butterflies could be heard.
Bouncer had signaled when Frankie stopped by to drop off the checks this morning, but Chase was too embarrassed to face her in front of the men. Yesterday, he had paraded his wife in front of them as his princess, and today – he couldn’t even be in her presence with them around.
I’m such a freak.
He’d tried all afternoon to call Frankie and let her know that they could leave Monday morning for Maine. He’d need the weekend to get things buttoned up so both he and his men could take next week off. She didn’t answer, causing his mood to go from sour to rotten.
Chase heard Joe approach from behind. “Hey, bossman, I’m gonna sweep the top floor and wait for Cody.”
Chase wiped the rolling perspiration from his face with the inside of his sweat soaked T-shirt then turned to Joe. “Yeah. Thanks, Joe. Take care this weekend, huh?”
Joe’s eyes flashed to the gold on Chase’s wedding finger for the dozenth time today without mentioning it. “You know it boss. You, too.”
Chase heard a vehicle slow down, but from his angle, he could see nothing. It wasn’t loud enough to be Cody. He walked toward the building to collect the tool belt he’d left on the ground as Joe trotted past him and bounced up the stairs. Chase swiped up the tool belt as he heard a window slide open above. Joe discreetly yelled out, “Yo, boss, we got company.”
Chase was rushed with a mix of hope and uncertainty, Frankie? He looked at Joe and shook his fist, “Don’t mess with me, Joe, it’s not a good day.”
Joe stuck his entire head out the window and responded with an incredulous scowl, “Yeah. We got that by 6 a.m., boss.”
Chase had kept the conversation all work chat today. One look at him this morning and both his men knew – his anniversary night had been a disaster. He tried hard not to take it out on the guys but it spilt over just the same.
Visual distance minimized in the forested mountainous areas, whoever the company was, must be sitting directly in the road on the other side of the house for Joe to have him in sight. Otherwise, the car would’ve passed by now.
Turning his ear to the road, Chase heard the sound of rolling tires begin to slowly slap along the blacktop.
Maybe it’s Frankie and she’s having second thoughts about pulling in?
Before he could further guess, there it was – a cruiser coming into view at the end of the drive.
Fitz.
Idling to a near stop, Chase could see a large head bob back and forth, scouting the area. “Come on, Porkchop. Pull in damn it.”
Fitz rolled by. The cruiser disappeared behind the closely-spaced pine trees.
Chase stood still and waited. In the silence, he could hear the crunching of gravel in the next driveway over. The sound stopped then started again, backing out. He watched as Joe disappeared from his sight to the other side facing the north, where he’d have a clearer view.
Joe returned to the side of the building where Chase stood, popped his head out the second-story window, nodding affirmatively.
With a commanding glare, Chase warned him, “Stay out of sight, Joe, and I mean it.”
“Yes, sir.”
Joe disappeared from view, and Chase could hear him pounding down the stairs to the first level. He’d wait beside the open door – hopefully quiet.
Fitz wouldn’t get to his point if he thought someone else was watching or listening. Doubtful either way he’d even get out of the cruiser. With no other vehicle in the driveway, maybe Fitz would think Chase was alone.
He walked to his truck high from his own adrenaline; the anticipation of a life-long confrontation beginning its final conclusion.
It’s about time!
Bouncer began her sharp barking yelps. Fitz turned the cruiser at a snail’s crawl into the jobsite. Chase opened his truck door and ordered Bouncer inside. She hesitated, looked back at the road, then to Chase. Staring at him with a look of desperation, she tilted her head and moaned, “Please don’t make me, daddy.”
With a sharp tone, “Now!” Bouncer jumped from the ground directly into the seat without further command. Chase threw his tool belt in on the seat beside her and started the truck. He snapped on the a/c, and rolled the window up to three-quarters, and shut the door. In the past, Bouncer had squeezed through less when she sensed Chase’s aggression toward someone, and Fitz would shoot her for certain.
Turning on his fatherly tone, “It’s okay, girl. It’s okay.” She stared at him with big, round eyes, “How can I do my job locked inside?”
Chase was just ten years old when he found his beloved German Shepard, Grizz, strung from a tree. Fitz made sure that Chase knew he’d done it and who would be next.
“It’s okay, Bounce. This way you can do your job for many more years to come.”
Chase walked to the front of his truck and casually leaned back into it. His heart beat with the pounding of a warrior, preparing for battle. He veiled the excitement by crossing his arms across his upper abdomen. He was drenched in a sweat-soaked T-shirt that now clung to him revealing every muscle in his upper body. Chase steadied his eyes on the driver. The sound of gravel cried out for mercy under the tires that held the pompous weight of the despicable man, as he continued a slow ride in.
Coming to a stop, Fitz continued to look in his mirrors and out the sides of his windows. Satisfied, he eased down the window about an inch.
With about thirty feet between them, Chase propped a twisted grin on his face, and with a nod, he addressed Fitz. “Hey, Porkchop, what brings you to a place of physical labor?”
His jowl shook as he yelled through the near-shut window. In his obesity, he couldn’t comfortably twist to turn in Chase’s direction. For as much as he did twist, his squash-head turned purple.
“Official business, Mr. Manning.”
Let it begin...

|OOO|

Chase kept his eyes locked on Fitz. He let his arms fall to his side as he moved toward the cruiser in a leisurely manner. Stopping within a few feet and careful not to touch anything Fitz touched, Chase simply nodded.
Pulling his god-like tone, “How are you today, Mr. Manning? Did you sleep well last night?”
Chase grinned at the old man, “I’m great. Thank you, Chief Fitz. How bout you? You sleep well in your pig pen?”
Uncertain, Fitz was being cautious and careful as he continued to sound official. Either Fitz was recording this conversation or the man wasn’t sure if one of the guys might be nearby and listening.
Ignoring Chase’s rude comment, Fitz asked, “Where’s your men? Did they get off early today, Mr. Manning?”
Chase broke eye contact to turn and spit on the front tire of the cruiser. He turned back with a half-cocked smirk, “You tell me, Fitz? You’ve watched this place all day. You know where my men are better than I do.”
Still speaking through a sliver of open space between them and as casual as he could muster, “Where’s the Miller boy?”
Chase looked over the roof of the cruiser and forced out a sneering chuckle. He yanked the collar of his shirt out and buried his face into it; moving the sweat from his face all to one side and then scooping it downward. “I thought you said you had official business? Is it with me or my men? Do you even know why the hell you’re here, old man? Maybe call the station for a reminder as to why you just rolled into my jobsite like you own the damn place!”
Silence.
“Listen, why don’t you drag your sorry, grossly distorted, oversized ass out of the cruiser and let’s stand face to face. That’s how men do things. Or would you rather write it on a piece of paper and slide it out through that inch-wide opening for me?”
Playing god again, “Mr. Manning, there’s been a possible homicide just behind your house.”
With an extreme and unexpected response, shock waves struck Chase’s heart. Frankie hadn’t answered her phone…
Oh my God!
In full blown panic now, Chase thrust his fingers into the small opening of the window and gripped the glass. Pouring all the strength from his mind and body into his hands, he positioned the glass to snap it backwards. “I’ll kill you, you mother…”
Just before the glass snapped, Fitz stopped him with rapid, anxious words streaming through the small, open space between them. “Tell me what you know about Ked, the boy murdered!”
Instant relief warmed the blood in his veins, and Chase didn’t care if Fitz saw the confusion. He continued to grip the glass but loosened the pull he had on it. His head bowed in relief as he blew out the fear that had ballooned in his lungs. He pulled his head back up and looked squarely at the fat man before sliding his hands out of the window. He spat on his hands and rubbed them together as though that would somehow wash away some of the filth of being so close to Fitz.
Stepping back, he turned to the road to gather himself wondering if Joe had heard what Fitz had just said. For a few moments, he’d forgotten Joe was still there and in obedience waiting… Stay there, Joe, be patient. I’ll need a witness.
Fitz had become completely silent as Chase continued to gather himself. The old man was looking for a verbal response. Instead, Chase picked up a golf-sized rock and flung it with force over the top of the cruiser, flying jet-speed out into the woods; the powerful thrust sending him back a few steps. He righted his position. Again, he exhaled the momentary fear that had overcome him. Then he turned back to face Fitz. He let the feeling of relief continue to move the blood to his heart as he picked up the conversation from there, now that all was right in his world again. “I don’t know what kid you’re talking about. Stop speaking in riddles, we both know your dirty secrets – no need to riddle me old man.”
Chase looked at Fitz’s left pudgy, white-knuckled fist as it gripped the steering wheel, while in his right hand there was an object.
He wouldn’t dare be holding a gun.
Chase darted close enough to the glass to see what he held in his hand; a long, thick, black, rectangular radio. Rather outdated radio.
“What business did you have with William Ked? I saw him at the Phoenix Center the other day and then I saw him here with you in the Village… ahh, umm… at the store yesterday.”
“That’s a bit of a stretch, Fitz, even for you. What’re you really doing here, huh? Whadda you looking for?
Fitz moved his gaze to look over his steering wheel, trying to disguise his uncertainty. He remained silent but he wasn’t through.
What’s he waiting for?
Chase looked in all directions.
Or rather… who’s he waiting for?

|OOO|

“Get to it, old man. I have better things to do than to smell your putrid jackass at my jobsite. You have two seconds before I walk away, do you understand?”
Fitz turned back to Chase now. “The kid from the store yesterday morning, the one who returned your sweatshirt, William Ked. He’s dead. What do you know about it?”
Had Chase not just been terrified for his wife’s life then rushed with sudden relief immediately after, he might be able to feel the shock of what was being said but he didn’t. Not yet.
“Tell me, Mr. Manning. What was your involvement with the recently deceased?”
Chase grinned, pulled back slightly, and stared at the old man for a moment, then slowly dropped his head, shaking it lightly. Certainly, he never saw it coming. But now, here it was…
A set up.
“You filthy sonofabitch!”
How’s this madness going to affect Frankie and Nan?
Slowly, Chase pulled himself back to full height and glared into the fat man’s face, “You know this has nothing to do with me, so it must have everything to do with you. You’re afraid, I can see it. You were yesterday, too, with that kid at the store. The one that’s DEAD today because of you! He’s the reason for your fear isn’t he? So why don’t you tell me – you pig from hell – what YOU know about it!”
The radio rattled. Without turning from Chase, he pulled it from his lap and spoke into it. “Please check in with Captain Downs. Over.”
Fitz dropped the radio back in his lap, relieved.
Chase understood. “Calling in backup, huh? You’re really going to do this aren’t you? You have no idea what you’ve just done.”
Chase felt the pit of his stomach turn for Frankie’s sake. This would be a nice, belated anniversary gift. Her husband arrested for… murder.
The fear melted away from Fitz now. His facial and body features relaxed. Backup was on its way. He felt safer. Fitz was taking off his serious cop mask, and whatever torment he’d come to dish out, he was ready to serve.
Phlegm snapped as he cleared his throat. “A few people identified you out with Ked last night on the trail, heading for the Old Orphanage. You realize he’s a prostitute don’t you?” Fitz smirked then whispered just in case someone was in ear shot, “So he was one of your catamites, huh?”
Chase was aware of every nerve-ending in his body. “Just remember, old man. You started this.”
Fitz looking directly at Chase, his god-like tone returned and his cop mask back in place. “Answer me please Mr. Manning. The throwaway, how much do you know about him?”
Without warning, flashbacks assaulted his mind on cue. Throwaway? Thrown away and forgotten. Death? Just yesterday Fitz had dismissed the kid with these words, as though he were a piece of trash. Just like Pap did about the hog-tied boy on the island.
Fitz killed this boy simply because of a connection at the Village store yesterday. A misidentified connection. Adrenaline stormed his body; he sucked in his breath just before his heart stopped. Chase was beginning to realize the severity of what Fitz was telling him. Some innocent kid was murdered to put Chase in his place, to control him.
Who would be next? Joe? Nan? Frankie? Where would it stop?!
Chase clenched his fist as his jaw flexed simultaneously. He slowly exhaled, flaring his nostrils as he asked himself, “Where would it stop?” This question sent his mind back to… “Where had it begun?”
KC? Yes, that’s it. KC! She was the one in the back seat of Fitz’s cruiser the day he’d pulled up beside him and Frankie as kids. He remembers now. He screams somewhere in his mind… Why do I remember all this now? Damn it!
The memories of all those terrified kids at the Shelter rushed at him. The Nurse, Buddy.
Buddy’s Shelter – the Diamond Shelter.
Fitz had terrorized every one of them, whether directly or not. He made sure that they were all terrified and put in their place, just like what he was trying to do to Chase right now. Only now instead of terrorizing – he’s killing them!
Chase moved with almost superhuman swiftness forcing a reaction. Hurriedly, Fitz raised his left arm up to shield him from further force as he anticipated attack. Chase thrust the window so hard with the palms of his hands; it bent inwards with the force of it. Fitz’s smirk disappeared in an instant and was replaced with fear that he’d likely never known before. His blood-red face turned pale and ghostly white, within seconds.
Fitz hadn’t timed his assault on Chase’s mind quite as well as he’d thought. Backup was nowhere in sight.
“More than one of us knows what you are and that you’re a sick, twisted pig! What’re you gonna do, old man? Kill all of us!”
Chase watched as Fitz’s head began involuntarily twitching, his chin jittering with no words spilling out. He looked to all his mirrors; then turned to look through the passenger window. He fumbled for his gun, but trying to move around his own weight was impossible. He couldn’t get a grip on it.
Past the point of no return, Chase felt his mind tipping and his heartbeat was as rapid as if he’d run for miles. Frankie called this anxiety. Chase called it well deserved rage. He took both hands, and with calculated force, he thrust the window to cave in just at the side of Fitz’s head.
“That’s right. I remember what you did to her and she’s coming back, I know it and you know it. This is why you’re trying to control me again, isn’t it?”
Chase heard movement behind him.
“Chaseman! Back down.” Joe yelled out, surrendering his position, as he pounded down the entry stairs to ground level. His voice moving rapidly in their direction, he ran to Chase’s side.
Spitting on the pushed in window, “That’s right you pig. Your time has come. I promise you before God, I will kill you!”

|OOO|

The sound of vehicles came rolling down the hill. A car slowed to a stop on the highway, but Chase didn’t turn to look and Fitz was too fearful to take his eyes from Chase. The shock of Joe’s eavesdropping registered keenly on the fat man’s face. Joe should have heard everything from his position, except for Fitz’s whisper. Another car slowed down. And still another car and another and another…
Somewhere in the midst of it was Cody. Chase heard the old, loud truck chugging and slowing down.
Sneering with spittle flying all about him, “Remember, Fitz, you started this and I’ll finish it.”
Joe had reached Chase. He grabbed his arms and pulling them back hard – like a cop would do, he buried his face into the back of Chase’s shoulder blades. Chase could hear his words filled with tears and pleading.
“Back down, Chaseman, I’m begging you!” Using enormous force, Joe restrained Chase by holding his arms in place behind his back. Chase didn’t fight him.
Stumbling back and forth, Joe maintained his hold on him by jerking him back and away from the cruiser. Chase refused to be silent, “The whole world will know whatchu did to those kids.” Chase heard tears in his own voice now; tears that stung his eyes then slowly rolled down his face. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d cried. It hurt. It hurt in places that had been dead for a long time.
Car doors were slamming in the background, closing and slamming in a domino fashion. Chase kept his eyes dead straight on Fitz as Joe struggled to keep his hold on Chase as they swayed back and forth. Chase wouldn’t fight Joe, but he couldn’t keep still either. His mind began to fade out as it went into meltdown mode.
The voice that spoke now from his lips became more distant. His conscious thought was fading but he heard the words…
“You started…”
A booming sound came from behind, snapping Chase back to the present. He felt dizzy like a drunk. He was somewhere between a conscious state and meltdown when it sounded. A megaphone.
Beginning with a snicker leading to a wicked chuckle, another voice rose up within Chase; Sure, Chief Fitz, I’ll accept the cards you just dealt, but will you accept the trump that I hold in my hand?
Through his rising chuckle, Chase found his own voice once again as the words came through, pushing up from his gut, “What a shit show.”
He stared at Fitz’s putrid squash head while his chuckle gave way to hysterical laughter, screeching out for all of them to hear, “All you pigs are nothing but a shit show!”
“Step away from the Chief.” Echoing from those words continued into the next as they repeated, “Step away from the Chief!”
In all the madness, Chase realized that something much bigger was surfacing – perhaps too big for him even. Change was near and there was no stopping it.
Truth survives. Nan’s voice steadied him.
He shook off the meltdown once again. Having recovered unwanted memories, he promised himself he’d never hide them in his broken mind, not ever again. He’d keep them. He’d hold them. He would kill because of them.
Chase would wait to see what cards he held in his own hand, cards he couldn’t see yet but knew that his hand was better than that of Ronald Fitz. He hung his head but not in defeat. He mustered the mental strength of a warrior collecting himself as a distant voice carried itself across the decades to find him.
The Nurse; “There is a time for denial and a time for survival.”
Yes. I will deny my rage for the sake of survival. For now at least.
Sucking in air and exhaling it, calming his heart and easing his adrenaline back to a normal level, it took a few seconds but it worked. A skill he’d mastered years ago. His heart beat having returned to a healthy rhythm, the rage now subsiding.
However that day may come old man.
With the voice of reassurance, he spoke, “It’s okay, Joe. Let me go. I promise I won’t do anything stupid.”
With Joe there and with Cody on his way, he didn’t want to put the people he cared for in harm’s way. He’d take the battle away from them. Chase considered the man behind him as they swayed back and forth – Joe holding him back in a protective manner.
Where was Janice and Pap all those years? Why didn’t they protect me? Hell, I needed someone to protect me from them! A lot of people should die – Fitz is only one of them.
The megaphone sounded off again with increasing demand, “Step away from the Chief. Now!”
Joe held his grip and yelled loud enough for everyone to hear. “If I let you go, they’ll kill you. I can see it. I’m not letting go!”
Chase chuckled in his fury, he wondered if they’d drawn their battle weapons. He hadn’t turned from Fitz yet long enough to look. Nor did he want any of these pigs to have the satisfaction that he cared enough to look in their direction. With Joe’s fierce loyalty displayed, Chase’s bottom lip quivered in spite of his efforts to collect himself. “It’s okay little brother… let go.”
The cops had to be watching the change in his body language, as this time their words had lessened in intensity. “Step away from the Chief. Put your hands behind your head and drop to your knees, Manning!”
Whatever collective efforts Chase had made, just bottomed out again. He would never bow down before Fitz or any cop. Not ever! He started to squirm from Joe’s grip in frantic desperation, as he threw his head back and let out a blood curdling scream to the heavens. It was pure rage that screamed upward, ripping and tearing the flesh in his lungs. 
Joe tightened his hold on Chase.
Barely able to hear it through his screeching, the intensity returned to the megaphone and the volume now full blasting, “Step away from the Chief. Put your hands behind your head and drop to your knees. Now!”
Joe held his grip on Chase, swinging back and forth with him, sending them both off balance. Chase regained his step when this time Joe spoke with fear in his voice, “Drop, Chase. I’ll drop with you. Please, Chaseman, I beg you, brother.”
Before Chase could consider, a stir sounded from behind them, the sounding of guns shifted. Chase felt Joe tug him to the side and ease his grip just enough to see their distraction. In a frantic whisper for Chase alone to hear, “It’s Cody. Back down, Chaseman, do it for us, because we won’t until you do!”
Chase screamed and hissed, but this time not to the heavens, not at Nan’s God. Instead, he screamed at the devil, letting the screech burn from his lungs into Fitz’s face.
Chase continued to stand over the cruiser, once again his heart pounding in his chest. His nostrils flared like a wild dragon as he exhaled fury that had raged in him for years. For the sake of his men, he would force the remaining fury back to a safe place, and do his best to collect and maintain his emotions. After several quick exhales, he slowly brought his heart beat to a reasonable pace. With heavy breaths, and moving fast in their direction, he heard Cody scream, “I got no weapons, don’t shoot!”
Chase pulled and Joe flung with him. Chase quickly took in the number of cops swarming the jobsite. As was their plan, the numbers were overwhelming. Chase, fearful for both his men, continued to bring his raging fury under control.
Awkwardly, Cody ran fast toward them with his hands in wide view. There were dozens of cruisers lined up along the road and even more cops surrounding the site; Sheriff’s Department, Village Police, Fish and Game, State Troopers – all in place. A SWAT truck was also pulling in beside the cruisers in the driveway. Chase chuckled at the sight of it all.
A Fish and Game officer was talking into the radio. They must have held a different frequency than Fitz, or he had turned off his radio so Chase couldn’t hear.
The megaphone screamed this time in Cody’s direction, “Stop and drop to your knees!”
Cody was moving fast toward them. Closing in, Chase could hear it in Cody’s voice as he yelled, “Don’t you shoot at me, cause I ain’t stoppin!”
Joe had moved from Chase’s back to his side and pulled hard on his arm sending him sideways. Chase let him. They both went to the ground. These boys were going to pay a price for their loyalty.
End this now, Chase, before they get killed.
Joe quickly rolled and straddled Chase, pinning his arms as Cody reached them. Cody dropped at Chase’s feet and pinned his legs with his hands pressured on each ankle.
Cody screamed at Joe whose backside was in his face, “What the hell is goin’ on?!”
Joe was sobbing like a child, “I don’t know, dude. I think Fitz’s trying to frame Chase for some kid’s death.”
Now that Chase was pinned by his own men, he could hear the cops shuffling nearer to them.
Cody screamed in disbelief, “What’s goin’ on?!”
Fitz got out of the car but maintained a safe distance. “Okay, boys, thanks for your help. Now please move away from Manning.”
Cody screamed, “Back off, old man!”
Chase considered the consequences for his men beyond this moment. They would become targets, Fitz’s targets, just like the kid from the store. In fear, Chase hurried out the words, “Do what the fat man says – go on now, I’m alright.”
Joe smarted through his tears, “Yeah, you said that a few times already, boss, and lied. No way, dude. You are not alright!”
Chase pleaded for their sake using a voice as sincere, and as serious as he could muster, “Joe, let go little brother. It’s okay now.” Joe, in his innocence, had no comprehension of just how evil Fitz was and half these cops along with him.”
Cody let go first and stood over Chase. He twisted his upper body, turning to face the small army of cops. Then Joe, moving swiftly, hopped off to the side and jumped to his feet. Joe had his back to the scene behind them, maintaining a personal perimeter around Chase.
With a boldness that Chase had never witnessed before, Cody turned the full front of his body to face the armed officers. Standing tall, he leaned back the weight of his upper body, and quickly snapped forward, toward the officers, sneering. He made his steadfast position clear, holding his position momentarily for emphasis before turning back to Chase. He lowered his large, square frame, extending a hand. “Come on, boss.”
Both men leaned over, each reaching out to take a hand. Chase gripped their hands and tugged fiercely, forcing them to hesitate and to look into his eyes. Taking a quick second to look at each, he honored them both as men and as friends. He closed his eyes briefly, and with but a brief nod of gratitude that only they could see, it was over, for now.
With little effort, Chase was in a standing position, now face to face with Fitz. The old man immediately stumbled backwards.
Trying to reassure Chase, Joe declared, “Don’t worry ‘bout it, bossman, we’ll have you out in an hour. I’ll make your bail.”
If it’s a murder rap, I doubt that but thanks anyway, little Buddy.
“I’ll be alright. Whatever you do, don’t go to Nan or Frankie with this. I’ll get it sorted out. I know people too…”
Fitz started to say something when Joe snapped. “Shut up, old man, or I’ll take your gun and shoot you myself. Nan’s gonna kick your sad jackass!”
Chase’s men were acting more like him than themselves. He looked to the cops. They took that threat seriously as they pulled their guns back into position. 
“Shut up now, Joe. It’s over. I’m going.”
Fitz had a smirk on his face and likely at Joe’s comment – a nervous smirk. Most everyone in the Village knew that Fitz had a fear of Nan.
Fitz opened up the back door of the cruiser for Chase to get in. Before Chase could respond, Joe picked up his right foot and kick-slammed the door shut. Then he spat at Fitz’s feet. “He ain’t riding with you – you disgusting pig.”
Joe looked at both Cody and Chase before yelling into the crowd of cops, “He ain’t riding with this pig, so one of you others step forward. And you better know whoever it is that takes that step – Nan is watching you!”
Cody lowered his head and snickered at Joe’s uncharacteristic audacity. Most of the cops here were from out of the area and wouldn’t even know who Nan was.
Cody pulled his head back up and, with sincere intensity, he locked eyes with Chase. “We’ll both keep watch at the police station and not leave until the sonsabitches release you, boss.”
Chase held Cody’s intense eyes, “You’re good men, thanks.”
Chase noticed how all the cops shifted at once to look at the one man who was stepping forward. This would be the cop who volunteered to the task of officially arresting Chase Manning on bogus charges, today, Friday the 13th.
Chase looked to the center of everyone’s attention. None other than his friendly neighbor; Captain Sylar Downs.



Chapter 25

|XXX|

Sylar Downs managed the spectacle that Chief Fitz created earlier in the day with Manning. While Manning was being held at the Village jail, Tsar met with the Captain.
Downs reported after searching the Old Orphanage and the trail that he’d found no trace of William Ked. Tsar had shaken the kid like a rattle so if he had heard someone approach; he may’ve hidden in fear. Most likely Ronald Fitz had the boy pumped with enough heroin to kill him. Sylar had located Ked’s Volkswagen parked at the Lodge. He jimmied the lock and found his phone inside.
No one would ever know for sure what happened to William Ked. It would only appear that he died out in the woods, alone, from a drug overdose.
As Captain Downs worked his channels, Tsar noticed how faithful Manning’s men were. Making their presence known, both in and out of the station, moving between the parking lot and the lobby until Manning was released. They will be a problem as well as Manning’s wife. Tsar would keep this to himself and not trouble the Regional Leader with… what ifs.
But Manning and his men would be minor compared to the royal King Charles, aka KC.
Unable to weigh the future trouble that this woman had the power to wield, Tsar turned his focus to the meeting at hand.

|XXX|

The Regional Leader stood at the pulpit, reviewing the legalities of Manning’s arrest and also any potential damaging implications from the murder of William Ked. While the Regional Leader was occupied, Tsar familiarized himself with one of the several meeting sites throughout the Village. This site being under a church in a basement that connected to the channels.
Inside a rectangular-shaped room; the front was about twenty-four feet wide and ran back thirty feet on the sides. To the left side of the room, a curtain was drawn, concealing about a third of the wall. Behind the drawn curtain was the baptismal area, and Tsar’s temporary station. Tsar studied five monitors on the wall, which displayed the activities on the other side of the drawn curtain and the waiting room.

Screen 1: The Pulpit
Screen 2: The Members
Screen 3: The Waiting Room
Screen 4: Baptismal Tank
Screen 5: Blank

The sound of muzzled whimpers could barely be heard next to the pulpit coming from inside the baptismal tank between the violent snaps of lightening followed by thrashing and rolling thunder. Everything was set to run on generator in the event the electricity got knocked out during the meeting. The forecast predicted a severe thunderstorm and downpours for the next several hours.
In the center of the room, behind the pulpit, were a few chairs lined up against the wall. To the right of the room, a chalk board on wheels. Six rows of four seats turned slightly to the left facing the chalkboard and the pulpit, having a clear view of the baptismal tank.
Soft scents of rose and lilac lightly perfumed throughout the large expanse of room covering over the faint, yet distinct odor of hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, and methane from improper venting; the stench of underground sewer.
The lights were dimmed above the pulpit and along the ceiling throughout the room. Tsar watched as Gloves explored the area studying the pictures hung on the walls; pictures made by small hands. Long tables were folded and resting along the right wall with several folded chairs. Gloves walked to the back left of the area where bathrooms and showers were available. Just beyond the bathrooms were sickrooms, with minimal first aids and roll up beds.
Gloves turned, faced Tsar, and raised his eyebrows, partly impressed. Settling next to him at the row of monitors, Gloves asked, “So what’s the history?”
Quietly, Tsar explained, “From what I’ve read, the church’s been here since 1910. About eighty people are members. The Corner Church is dubbed by the Villagers as the other church. Of the eighty that attend, only a few of the elders are Network-affiliated. The Reverend of the church is the same Reverend that was here when the Network went into low-status mode some decades ago. The old man is in his late seventies and soon to retire, but for now, he’ll be assisting us with the transition.”
Gloves scrunched his face, “I passed him earlier, man. He looks dead already.”
Tsar grinned as he looked to Screen 3; The Waiting Room, where all other ten members stood waiting and the twelfth member scheduled for a well-timed late arrival. Both Tsar and Gloves now looked to Screen 3. None of the ten members spoke as the cameras were not hidden from their view and audio was hooked up. All of them chosen from the Regional level, would serve three-year terms on the council, and would also be considered for re-election.
The Senator would bring the other members in only after he had debriefed Tsar.
To keep the gathering discreet, members arrived from different locations. Some arrived from the Lodge channel, Tsar entered through the Old Orphanage channel, and those from LakeRidge, were picked up in the church van by one of the Reverend’s elders. From the Reverend’s garage, there were stairs that led down to his basement, connecting to the church basement through a secret passage.
Gloves tapped the monitor, “Have you talked to any of these people yet, sir?”
“No. But I’ve studied their profiles.” Pointing to the screen, he named them off to Gloves and each with a brief description of their positions, their familial status, their Village connection, and history within. “This one is the Village Manager, this one the President of the Village Bank, and as you’ve already acknowledged; this dead looking man, he’s the Reverend.” Pointing his finger to each of them, Tsar continued. “This one is the owner of Village Realty, this one is the Village Postal Supervisor, and ah, um, I wonder who the guy is wearing the Sheriff’s uniform?”
Grinning, Gloves rolled his eyes at the obvious question.
“And guess who’s scheduled for a late arrival?”
Gloves smirked and nodded knowingly. “It’s gonna be a helluva performance.”
Tsar continued with the one-sided introductions as he pointed to the center left of the screen; “These ones are from LakeRidge. This big guy is the Judge of Superior County Court, and this one’s a Principal of LakeRidge Christian Academy. The buffed up guy, he’s the LakeRidge Cities Recreation Director and she’s a Records Clerk who works in LakeRidge down at the city hospital but lives here in the Village. She’s also the elected high priestess otherwise known as Chase Manning’s mother; Janice Manning.”
“Just wait until our man Manning finds out this huh? He’ll be easy to take down.”
Tsar responded with hesitation, “Maybe. But somewhere within, he already knows the witch who bore him. Instead of weakening him when he finds out, it may actually give him some backbone, we’ll see.”
With a curious look, Gloves conceded with a nod.
“We also have about a dozen stealth guardsmen, heavily armed throughout the building and the area, to keep our location safeguarded.”
Gloves pointed to screen 1; the pulpit. “And he’s the boss of bosses here, correct?”
Tsar nodded affirmatively. “Yes. He’s the Northeast Regional Division Leader and also a retired US Senator; he lives here in the summer.” Tsar barely moved his lips, “He is effective.”
The Senator would work with the members remotely for the most part, and Tsar directly but tonight, he was here to officiate their first informal meeting. He would follow up by leading ceremonies next Saturday as well. The Senator’s personality was the opposite of the Colonel’s, yet his methods met the same end. Effective.
The Colonel worked directly with Tsar and indirectly with the members except for the high celebrations. Other than the celebrations, the Colonel and the Senator would communicate mostly through phone conversations.
“Have they chosen a place for the high celebrations?”
“Yes. Fallen Mountain.”
Gloves nodded without full understanding of the history behind this particular location. Tsar was not in a position to make an argument against Fallen Mountain. He had concerns of an open fire for fear of exposure, yet he made no protest. While thirty years ago this would go unnoticed, today’s world was very different. The Senator likely committed to his choice simply because the place was the oldest ritual site on record in the tristate area. Tradition, over common sense, usually ruled with the old people. So be it.
“So it looks like you’re just a hop, skip, and a jump away from taking your rightful, official position right here in this Village?”
Before Tsar could answer, Gloves lightly dipped his head and saluted, leaving Tsar to the business at hand. Tsar turned his attention back to Screen 1 as the Senator was shuffling and lining up the manila folders. As the Senator appeared to be ready for the meeting to begin, Tsar moved out beyond the curtain, now fully within the man’s range of sight.

|XXX|

Holding up a blue folder with the symbol of the Owl of Minerva, the Senator waved it at Tsar. Clearing his throat, he laid the folder flat on the surface and flipped to the first page.
The Senator turned his attention towards him and began, ‘Ah… yes. Yes, that’s it. Tsar correct?”
“Yes, sir.” Tsar walked directly before the pulpit and stood to attention before the man.
“I studied the Phoenix investigation briefly, a job well done.”
Tsar had also studied the file. And he hated who it was that would get credit.
The Senator ruffled through the files looking rather bemused. After a few minutes, he looked back to Tsar with squinted eyes. “I’m not sure, but there appears to be a broken link in your chain, son. The file indicates a counter-part having Regional status but without a current assigned handler. Peculiar. Perhaps the previous handler began the program without proper documentation.”
Tsar did not respond, uncertain what the Senator was trying to communicate as he continued to stand waiting for an order. Instead, the Senator looked back to the files again shaking his head in disbelief, irritation, or perhaps both.
Closing the file, he looked directly at Tsar. “That’s alright, son, we’ll look into that broken link soons’ we get through the Solstice celebrations. I need to speak to the one code-named King Charles. Kappa 55. Is he here?”
What!
Tsar did his best to maintain his composure.
What does the Senator want with King Charles? Why not the Colonel?
After placing the woman at the scene last night as he recalled the events of their past, then remembering his failed mission in Washington D.C., Tsar hoped never to directly associate with that woman ever again.

|XXX|

From the back of the room a door opened. The sound of footsteps came to a stop to his right. Tsar was immediately sickened.
Using what he knew now to be a phony British accent, “Yes, Senator Sir. I am here and I am a she. Thank you, sir.”
The Senator shifted on his feet seemingly rather bemused by the change of tone in the room. Tsar had realized that the woman was Network with authority but at the Regional level? He was annoyed. He was intrigued. He would kill her!
King Charles stood to attention facing the Senator.
Scratching the top of his head, grinning, “Ah yes, of course, forgive me please.” The Senator tightened his lips before asking, “Do you currently have a handler, Ms. King Charles?”
“No, Senator Sir. From a young age, I served in the pleasure department. My previous handler discovered that I could also be used to balance the System during uncomfortable situations and so designated me to a symbiotic-type assistant during the Jagged Island programming. As the System began to advance, I was forgotten. I have no personal identity, and yet, I am clearly the backbone and brains of the System. I have a photographic memory along with many other gifts. And when the previous handler died, I found ways to make myself useful to the Network. I gave myself an identity, reported my position to the Regionals, and… here I am.”
Openly amused now, the Senator responded, “Impressive, King Charles. Impressive indeed.” Pulling the Phoenix investigation folder out and waving it in the air, “If we were not so pressed for time preparing for the upcoming celebrations, I would insist we sit and discuss this further. I believe it is unprecedented.”
“Yes, Senator Sir.”
His eyes narrowing, he cautioned, “Your position within the Network necessitates a handler on file. Until I can sort through this, I’ll be your handler. Understood?”
“Yes. It’s an honor to serve you, Senator Sir.”
She nearly sang with pleasure as she spoke. Tsar could puke.
Appearing muddled, the Senator made some notes in the files and asked her, “Please tell me your opinion of Chief Fitz?”
Tsar could see her mouth muster up spit. She swallowed it instead. “I’m not in agreement with this decision to add the Chief of Police to our local membership. Not only has he brought potential exposure to our operations here in the Village, but because of him, we lost a valuable informant last night along with a missing SD card that contains highly sensitive Network information. Not to mention the man’s reckless history from decades ago, Senator Sir.”
All was spoken in a tone of authority until she added, “We could also strap the bloody Chief in the tank tonight and use Sylar Downs as our main official contact instead, Senator Sir.”
The Senator chuckled. “I understand. Thank you, King Charles. Sylar Downs is not bloodline. You know and understand our ways, hmm?”
“Yes. Forgive me, Senator Sir.”
Finishing his chuckle, “Now, Ms. King Charles, you ordered a sweep of the area this morning to look for the missing SD card. Did you, or did you not, find and secure it?”
No wavering, she delivered her response as a true soldier, “No, Senator Sir. We did not.”
Slowly nodding as he continued looking at the report, “Do you’ve any ideas what may have become of the device?”
“Only about twenty speculations, Senator Sir.”
With a slight dip of his head and a wink, “Give me your best scenario.”
“Before Ked was needlessly murdered,” she bit out the last word. “He traveled by foot along the path beside Sylar Downs house toward the Old Orphanage. He was intervened by at least one of Fitz’s daft leapers according to the surveillance at our Jr. Command site.”
Tsar’s mouth dropped. “Our?”
With a menu of killing options flipping through his mind, Tsar listened as she continued.
“Both Tsar and I engaged Ked at the Orphanage. Captain Downs alerted us to a disturbance at the home front, a disturbance initiated by Chief Ronald Fitz before either of us was able to secure the SD card.”
Again Tsar was astounded. “Us!”
“Do you know any dates, times, or locations from the SD card other than it being a delivery of Assets?”
“No, Senator Sir. I didn’t get the chance to open the device itself, although I did examine the shell of it briefly while searching through personal items in his house. So as not to bring any attention to our investigation due to a stamp on the front, it was necessary to make a replica of the stamp first for a decoy card. During this time it was only convenient for us to finish the switch via William Ked, and Sir, you know the rest of the story of how the unfortunate lad tried to get the information to me.”
“Can you tell me what sort of stamp was on the device?”
“Yes. A standard Network symbol, the Owl of Minerva.”
“Explain to me why if you set up a meeting with Ked to secure the original device, how it became so complicated.”
King Charles lowered her head with some embarrassment. Before looking back up, she first sneered at Tsar as though it were his fault that she was answering for this. “Tsar set the meeting up. When I found out, I intervened as Ked was my partner and I could communicate best with him. Tsar followed in the background. When things got personal for Tsar, he lost his temper. He finished the meeting with Ked. Tsar failed to collect the SD card.”
I will cut her heart out with a spoon!
“Hmm. I see. With the current transition underway, it appears there may be a few bugs to work out. We’ll look into that further, but for now, what do you suggest is our next move to locate and secure that card?”
Without a flinch, she responded, “Senator Sir. I don’t know if we ever will at this time. We will be vigilant to learn if someone discovers it, and if so, we will secure it. I have leapers out looking for it and offering a hefty reward. Yet, it’s possible that something as trivial as a bloody chipmunk found it, dragged it off, and buried it somewhere.”
The man pursed his lips, “This may well cause serious problems at this vulnerable time as we are kicking in for our grand re-opening of the Village.”
“Senator Sir with due respect, the depth of encoding within this SD card, considering the type of Assets arriving in these cargos, are so complex that not even the CIA could decode them.”
“That may be, Ms. King Charles. Yet we do have a number of rogue Network members that certainly could decode the device as they’ve been Network trained. They continue to elude our capture, torture, and kill policy. We’ve just discovered a deep underground apostate group calling themselves… “The Kings Warriors.” They are active here on the East Coast from Maine to Florida. A foolish name yes, but do not underestimate their skill set. Most are ex-Network, and some ex-military.”
“I’ve not heard of these, ah… um… Warriors.” We will be vigilant in our search of the SD card I promise you.”
“Did you by chance locate the passwords to access the card, should you find the card itself?”
“I have secured several passwords, but I have not interrogated Fox to find out if I have the specific password for this SD card. I understood that you, Senator Sir, would do this tonight. As you will see in his files, there are videos that will encourage him to cooperate.”
The Senator pulled out a file, and there was another SD card there. He questioned, “This one?”
Nodding affirmatively, King Charles responded, “Yes. The first five minutes should be the most convincing. Also, we have an associate parked out front of Fox’s house, ready to move in, should you need further enforcements. The contact information for the associate-in-waiting, is on the front of the folder there before you.”
“Well, thank you. Certainly aside from the confusion between you and your counterpart, you’ve done an excellent job in handling this matter. And we’ll follow up with Fox to learn the passwords during the meeting here in a few minutes. Should we be fortunate enough to recover what was lost from your unfortunate informant last night, we can put this mess behind us.”
“Again, I apologize, Senator Sir, for the confusion and mishandling of the SD card.”
Without responding, the Senator pushed Fox’s file to the side and opened another file.
He cleared his throat then looked to the King. “Interesting. There are a few random notes here that imply the previous handler started a program but didn’t follow through with details. Now tell me. Who is Fancy in your profile?”
Tsar felt the air vacuumed from his space. He looked from the Senator and then to King Charles. For the first time since the wretched woman had tormented him, beginning with the reflection in the glass-pane at the Old Orphanage, her self-confidence melted as her head fell forward and her shoulders dropped.
“King Charles?”
Tsar wasn’t sure exactly what the Senator was implying. Fancy? It must be a code to remind her of something in her background that could expose her – or dispose of her. Tsar would find out what.
King Charles pulled her head back up dutifully and with her self-determination only partially restored she responded, “Understood. We will not disappoint you, Senator Sir.”
“Very good. Now can you tell me what you’re doing to ensure that there’ll be no interference from the household?”
“Yes, Senator Sir. We are using mild, yet effective sedatives when the schedule calls for it.”
“Excellent. As soon as our upcoming celebrations are over, report to me immediately so we can look into your programming complexities.”
“Yes, Senator Sir.”
“Thank you… ah, um… Ms. King Charles. You’ve been an incredible resource to the Network and also a mystery. You’re dismissed now.”
The Senator called on Tsar who stepped forward.

|XXX|

King Charles took three military steps back, twisting a one-eighty; she headed out the same door she’d arrived through. Tsar threw her a look filled with indignation as she walked past him. She did not return any challenge but quietly exited.
He would find out exactly what this Fancy was all about and use it to his advantage. Tsar stared ahead as he heard the back door close.
Squinted, yet playful eyes sought Tsar’s, “We will keep vigilant in our search of the SD card yes?”
“Yes, sir, we will.”
“Please understand that I do not say this lightly, I hold you completely responsible should that SD card end up in the wrong hands.”
“Understood, sir.”
“Now. I would have your opinion on the matter of Chief Fitz?”
Tsar stood tall with his hands to his side, “Sir, I believe that Chief Fitz has several valuable connections to the Network and also ties to the area as no other local official could match at this time. He is cantankerous and has a difficult time with any authority above him, but I believe we should get what we can from him before we make any definitive decision to dispose of him. He’s a relic, but he is also bloodline.”
The Senator tilted his head, “You and King Charles both have valid arguments, and as the Local Leader, you make the final decision. We either make him a member or we dispose of him, anything in the middle would be a liability. What’s your final decision, Tsar?”
“I say he joins us, sir.”
The Senator looked at the clock, and tapped the tip of his pen on the pulpit like a judge would a gavel. “Very good then. Now let’s get our first unofficial meeting underway. Huh? We’ll bring the others in from the waiting room to join us now. What say you?”
He stood proud and with a bowing gesture, “Yes, sir.”
Tsar moved behind the curtain and removed a long, black and red robe from the hanger. He slid the robe on and pulled the hood over his head. Reaching over and above, he tugged the heavy, purple curtain. The curtain sweeping along the floor, he pulled it past the side of the baptismal tank. He completely concealed the tank and himself from the audience, sliding the curtain up to the front wall, just beside the pulpit.
The Senator had wanted Tsar to remain a mystery; sort of a “shock and awe” for the locals to see who would lead them here in the Village. “To make sport of them” were his words with a playful grin. Tsar had learned a few things about the Senator; his professional career, his Network career, and his playfulness was anything but… playful.
The muffled moans and scuffling sounds had escalated, sounding with more panic now from inside the baptismal tank. The Senator pulled back the heavy, purple curtain and with the voice of a loving uncle he warned, “I can bring your children here to watch if you like, perhaps even your wife as well. We will play this out quietly or I promise you, tonight, four will be baptized instead of one. Are we clear?”
The muffled moans and scuffling feet were silenced once again.

|XXX|

The meeting was well underway as the members addressed local issues; the Resort, fundraising efforts, the numbers of Village Network members and associates, both bloodline and non. The members were given specific assignments, each with a role to play within the Village, to raise funds and take control of as much of the Village as possible.
Tsar studied them all carefully and quietly from his place behind the curtain. The code of silence on the surface of mainstream life had been perfected amongst them, as it was with the majority of all bloodline; Network training tactics most effective, beginning from the infant stage and progressing toward perfection in their preadolescence.
As they rattled on about matters that Tsar was already aware of, he took this time to review the history reports of Network operations within the Village...

1980s

Operations had stilled to near nothing for some thirty years due to the death of Frank Churchill. He was killed for stumbling upon sensitive Network operations at the Orphanage. Operations that were in full swing at the time of his discovery.
Fitz was around when Churchill was killed. Reports indicated that Fitz was in part responsible. His carelessness was what led Churchill to discover the truth behind the purpose of the Orphanage. The same Reverend present here tonight was also an integral part of operations within the facility back then.
Upon Churchill’s death, his wife Francine had shaken down the entire Village Network with the grief of a widow. Her grief, combined with her boldness, was in large part why they shut down mainstream operations. Regionals determined the risk of exposure too great to continue.
They had considered terminating the widow as well, but before they could get to her, she had involved many other Village folk. The louder she became the more fearful the Network was of exposure. Any further action by the Network would only confirm her testimony. Sparing her life, they’d hoped that the Village people would simply think she was grief-stricken. It didn’t work out that way. And the woman was revered in the Village and feared by the Network, apparently even to this day.
Tsar considered the power of one woman, a grieving widow; a woman who had power over an entire local Network force and enough power to shut down New England’s oldest ritual site for decades. It was a power that intelligence could not ignore.
Soon after Churchill was eliminated, the Local Leader was reported AWOL, details unavailable. Classified.
Tsar’s thoughts were interrupted as the Senator walked back to the pulpit, “All rise please.” The members broke up from their small sections and returned to their seats as the Senator began the ritual prayer and the rest repeated each sentence after him.

Lucifer, god of the night and prince of the darkness
may you lead us into all the mysteries of Ancient Babylon
Mysteries given to your servants; Nimrod and Semiramus
may you find our sacrifice to you this night pleasing
and may you delight in our worship of you in the days to come…

Tsar did not recite the ritual, instead bowed his head as the Colonel stepped forward, yet remained veiled from the crowd as well. Such rituals belonged to the Colonel and to the Master of the System; EnokKim. And for that, Tsar was pleased not to take part.
The Chanters, Preparers, Slicers and Dicers entered quickly and prepared the mobile sacrificial altar. A goat bound by the legs was brought in as Janice, the High Priestess, took her place with the Senator.
Tsar tuned out the ritual until the Colonel tapped him on the shoulder. Tsar watched as the door closed that led from the basement; the Slicers and Dicers had cleaned up and left the area. The Colonel stepped out of view.
The Senator continued with the meeting; “We’re confident in our goals that the present day elitists, of whom have taken the historical agenda from the history of Nimrod and Semiramus, are on the edge of realizing this awesome movement in victory; our Network Rule in the One World. The one critical factor we do not underestimate, is the power of our Enemy.”
With his hands, the Senator used quotation signals and turned up his nose, “I know how the ‘Good Book’ ends and I know how He protects those who serve Him. He will try to thwart the plans of our god, Lucifer, who plans to annihilate the worthless masses. He plans to end the Book His way, but instead, with our joint effort to fight against Him, He will lose. And for those who stand here with me today, know this: all your names are within the lottery of the chosen, to serve the elites during the One World Order, elites such as myself. Continue to worship and beg mercy that you will serve the one true god for all eternity.”
The Senator became silent as he turned and pointed their attention to the movement on Screen 3.
Fitz had arrived.

|XXX|

The curtain was slowly pulled back by the Senator. He was careful not to expose Tsar. The members could now clearly see the baptismal tank. The first sounds of awe were heard. The Senator chuckled quietly with delight before opening the door of the tank so that Fox had a clear view of his audience. The Senator turned back to the members.
Tsar watched as the animated Senator introduced Mr. Fox, as he sounded like Mr. Rogers introducing a guest on his TV show. Tsar studied the faces of those in the room. They stared straight ahead at the Senator as though hypnotized, their faces unreadable.
“My dear friends and fellow members, let me present to you the man we call “Mr. Fox.” He is the highlight, and indeed, the entertainment of our evening. Please everyone say hello to Mr. Fox.”
As though the Senator were a kindergarten school teacher, he used his hands to encourage them to say it all in unison. “Hello, Mr. Fox.”
The sound of moaning racked the inside of the baptismal tank.
“Come now, brothers and sisters. That was not what I call welcoming. Let’s try it one more time.” Again, the Senator encouraged them to join in, using his hands as he increased his own volume this time, “Hello, Mr. Fox.”
A near roar fell over the room.
Tsar watched Fox as he attempted to squirm in the tank. His sounds of despair had been temporarily drowned out by their collective voices. Now, as their voices quieted, his moans were so loud they echoed throughout the room.
The Senator went over and in front of everyone reminded the man, “Now, Mr. Fox, remember that I have three additional treats for you tonight if you insist with your whimpering. Should we bring them to you?”
The threat quieted Fox once again.

|XXX|

The Senator presented Fox’s crime before the members; embezzlement. Tsar noted that he held back the estimated amount that the man stole. Exposing the amount would certainly raise question as to their Intel which allowed his embezzlement to go unchecked long enough for him to stash untold millions. Embezzlement outside of the bloodline was punishable by swift death so as not to bring unnecessary attention to operations. Within the bloodline, the punishment was brutal for days and often a spectacle for members to watch as a warning to them.
Tsar turned his focus to the monitor with Fitz in the next room. His escorts had him black-bagged. His hands bound. Even with his head covered, Tsar observed his defiance as the man jerked himself about. He looked somewhat of a penguin. Pathetic. If he didn’t prove his value and be in complete compliance, Tsar would personally put him out of his misery.
Monitor 5 flashed on. Tsar looked into Monitor 1, where the Senator was rolling the mouse on the laptop in front of him. Monitor 2 showed one of the members pulling down a rolled up screen on the wall opposite of Tsar and also in clear view of Monitor 4, where Mr. Fox would be able to view what was being projected.
The Senator snorted as an image appeared on the screen. Tsar was immediately sickened by the image. What was shown on the screen crossed every line of basic humanity, scenes that were common-place to most members of the Network, yet, minimal compared to those whose work involved the “Tombs.” The Senator fumbled with the mouse to pause the image.
Tsar turned his attention to Monitor 1. He noticed a shift in the Senator’s features and body language before he continued. “Now my fellow members, I want you to consider what you are about to see. Imagine yourself in an open courtroom sitting in the defendant’s seat, or in Mr. Fox’s case, in an open court for the whole world to see while… you… are… DEAD!” The Senator emphasized the word dead by leading up to it and then yelling the word while slamming both hands on the pulpit like a preacher would when speaking of hell and damnation.
After a brief pause for effect, the Senator shifted gears, “Understand that we’re happy that you’re all now officially to be a part of an effective team here in this rural area. The Network serving the agenda of the One World Order, has little time and with much to accomplish. Worthy of mention also is our upcoming splashing celestial event, the Super Blood Moon. A time in history selected to begin the final phase. May we be so blessed by the god we serve to have a clear night for celebrations.”
A pretense of excited mumbling started and the Senator gave them a moment before he spoke again saying, “As you know, we have zero tolerance for stray associates or stray members such as our Mr. Fox here.”
The Senator cleared his throat and rapped on the tank, “Mr. Fox! If I see you blink while I show these screens, I will personally slash the throats of every family member you have. Are we clear?” This statement sobered everyone in the room as the Senator’s tone now turned – Nazi commander.
His eyes nearly pinched shut from puffiness, his face with broken blood vessels from torture and grief, Fox simply nodded, “yes.”
The Senator looked up into the faces of each in the audience and studied them one by one. There was complete silence in the room. Without another word, he twirled the mouse and for the next 5 minutes the room was dead silent.
Tsar glanced at the monitors; watched as the members reacted, the Senator as he dictated, Fitz as he squirmed, and then Fox, the man who would suffer his final misery.
Fox continued to struggle, to keep his swollen eyes open during the entire viewing.
The Senator moved himself from the pulpit. He now stood next to Fox reminding him, “Keep your eyes open, infidel. There’s more.”
Fox blinked rapidly then opened his eyes as wide as he could in compliance.
At the Senator’s tone, Tsar looked to Monitor 5 should there be something revealing that he needed to know. Live video appeared on the monitor this time, and a house shown across the paved road on the screen was Fox’s house. 
The Senator had his phone out, and using the Phoenix folder, he tapped the numbers on his phone, signaling the messenger to move in.
A camera positioned on the messengers forehead bobbed up and down as he walked across the street to the entry way. The motion lights came on, and the man held up the manila folder in front of the camera for the Senator to see.
If Fox refused to comply, then inside the folder were more pictures and videos of Fox’s sadistic, sexual behaviors. These proofs would first be seen by his wife, and then be delivered to covert members within the local police, CIA, and FBI for further enforcement. Everything they owned would be seized. His wife would become a suspect in her husband’s operations.
The performance tonight was unnecessary. Fox would’ve complied giving the Senator all that he demanded. But this performance wasn’t about Fox and his past. It was about the local membership and its future.
Tsar looked at Fox through the Monitor. He knew the Network would follow through if they said they would, it was their honor code. If they promised not to dishonor the man if he spoke the truth, than they would not dishonor him. Otherwise this powerful leverage would not be useful for future threats on other wayward associates or members.
As long as Fox played his part, his wife would know nothing of her husband’s illicit involvement with the Network throughout their entire marriage, nor how dark his soul really was. According to his profile, Fox would choose to protect his family. Research had confirmed a closeness that Fox shared with his wife in spite of his sinister ways. His sons kept a distance from him, yet adored their mother. His wife would continue to live in delusion that her husband was a good man throughout the rest of her days.
The messenger now stood in front of the door, he started with a finger count in front of the camera’s view. He would count to ten, and if no signal from the Senator, he would hit the doorbell.
The Senator was enjoying himself as he played god. But as a finite god, he began to wane. His age and his fatigue now apparent, he began his conclusion with this part of the night’s agenda. “Now, Mr. Fox, please for the love of your family; tell me what I need to know so that these videos do not go public. And I’m getting really tired, you understand?”
Fox looked up from his death tank and blinked his eyes in resignation.
Using his phone, the Senator signaled the messenger at Fox’s doorway to abort the mission. Tsar turned to Screen 5. The messenger’s head movement revealed him walking back toward the street just before the screen went blank.
Preparing a needle, the Senator spoke, “Mr. Fox, you do realize if I find you kept even one thing back from me after you’re dead, which will be in these next few minutes, I’ll take out a family member for each lie. Do you understand?”
Again Fox nodded. The Senator grabbed a recorder and went over and opened the door to the baptismal tank. He gave Fox a second to work up saliva in his mouth so he could speak.
The Network offered no choices.
In a scratchy voice, Fox spoke into the recorder giving the Senator the codes and Asset information. It took some time to complete as the man was nearly dead already from his time of torture.
Tsar considered the information that Fox gave to the Senator.
Perfect. We have the access codes to an SD card without… the SD card.
Tsar switched his attention to Screens 2 and 3. Screen 3 showed Fitz nearly bouncing in the other room with fury. Those on Screen 2 did not look horrified. They had participated in similar settings in LakeRidge throughout the quiet period in the Village, their bloodlust now rising.
Tsar heard the Senator speak, “Very good, Mr. Fox. If all that you’ve given me is accurate, you have the word and honor of the Network that your family will simply believe you died in a boating accident.” The Senator kissed the man on the head. “May you be content in hell serving your god.”
The Senator stabbed the needle quickly into Fox’s neck. Although exhausted, the tranquilizer would ensure a struggle-free and more painless execution for Fox’s cooperation.
The Senator called out the order as he closed the door to the baptismal tank; Delta seven-seven, menu eight six…
Without hesitation, Tsar flipped the switch from where he stood and the imported lakes water began to pour in.

|XXX|

The Senator signaled the men in the waiting room. Tsar watched the monitors from Screens 2 & 3.
Still in handcuffs and black bagged, it was no mystery to the Village people who the birdfish under the black bag was as he waddled into the room. That he would be trusted on any level to serve the Network after his fall from grace decades earlier was a shock to those who were privy during that era. Grumbling inside the room sounded off in unison. Tsar checked Screen 1. The Senator chuckled at their response.
Fitz entered under the guard of escorts, and they positioned him in the center of the room. First they removed his cuffs and then they removed the bag. The man even moaned penguin-like grunts.
“Now members of our sister operations here in the Village, please let me introduce to you, mine and yours twelfth member, Chief Ronald Fitz.”
Instantaneously, the Chief of Police showed his arrogance with a demanding glare as though someone in the room had better explain things to him immediately. The Senator quickly redirected him to the dead man.
The same guards that had brought Fitz in walked over to the baptismal tank as the water had now completely drained, and opened the door. They each grabbed a wrist and dragged Fox out like a wet towel mopping the floor as they exited. The Senator cleared his throat. The guards passing by Fitz stopped. “Mr. Ronald Fitz, do you know this man?”
Fitz was speechless and it was doubtful because of the dead man himself. More likely, it was the association of how Fitz knew Fox. Fitz knew him from frequenting the Phoenix Hotel where Fox had worked. The operations that Fox conducted under the surface of the mainstream were precisely the same operations that Fitz proposed to begin here in the Village; a Tomb to be setup within the underground channels.
With a soft wink, the Senator encouraged, “That’s it, Chief Fitz. Take a good look and remember, for your own sake.”

|XXX|

The doors closed behind the guards dragging the dead man as the Senator and the Village people all turned to look at the Chief of Police.
“Ronald Fitz, are you aware that you killed a valuable informant last night?”
Tsar watched as the penguin squirmed. Fitz certainly considered, that he was, to be next in the baptismal tank. Nervous, he ignored the question and got to his reasoning behind William Ked’s death.
“There’s a man in the Village who mocks me, threatens to exploit me. It was my plan to use the death of this kid to blackmail that man, as a means of leverage. You know… to show this punk his place in my Village. Surely your leadership understands such methods?”
“You do understand, Chief, that our agreement to keep you on with us is based solely upon our terms and not yours. This is a Network Village, not your Village. We have researched your old files with the Network. During operations several decades ago, you were reckless. You brought much attention to operations, and ultimately, operations were shut down to near nothing, and in large part, due to your recklessness.”
Ronald Fitz opened his mouth to speak. Yet with only a slight movement of the Senator’s hand, he remained silent. The guards returned, having passed off the now-dead man to his next method of travel to the lake as they quietly stood at the door awaiting the Senator’s next command.
The Senator continued. “Because of your position, authority, and knowledge of the Village, the chosen Leader generously determined your value within local operations. Quite frankly under the circumstances, I’m surprised he didn’t simply order your execution, I would have. Especially after the stunt you pulled last night and again today. It’s as though no time has passed and no wisdom gained all these decades later. So for your sake, remember that you’re more disposable to the Network then the life you took last night. Understood?”
The Chief shifted his large body, yet not stupid enough to argue as the floor was still wet from the dead man just dragged out.
Fitz responded to the Senator, “Yes, sir.”
The Senator seemed to delight in Fitz’s misery.
“Now, Chief, please be a man and look me in the eyes when you respond. I cannot trust a man who doesn’t look me in the eyes.”
Fitz pulled his weight up and looked directly at the Senator. Perhaps he was beginning to understand his lowly place within these walls. He answered, “Yes, sir.”
The Senator pointed for one of the guards to move over to the baptismal tank, preparing to reveal the man behind the curtain. The Senator continued to explain the present process of membership and authority to Fitz, while comparing the differences of the past era and what would be expected of him as an official member – in the new era.
Tsar heard footsteps come to a stop just on the other side of the curtain. He felt a rush of adrenaline, excitement, and… but he calmed it.
“Every local area occupied is comprised of a thirteen council membership. Some of the members here tonight Mr. Fitz, you already know. You have worked with them on occasion throughout the quiet period here in the Village. Those members here tonight from outside the Village area, you will soon get to know. You will respect our ways, as our ways have certainly developed over the years. We will give you a position within the council that comes with all of your favorite benefits as long as you accept and adhere to our ways.”
Fitz regained some composure with the invitation. “It’d be an honor, sir.”
“We have also considered your proposal for Tomb operations within the Village and will have an answer soon. Much of our response to your proposal will depend upon what we learn as to who the heirs will be of the Hotel. Or, however the old man Silverton and his wife have prearranged operations to continue after his death. All of this to determine the depths of which we can safely and covertly operate, by knowing how much control we’re going to have over the entire underground area, including the Hotel. And if your proposal is approved, the Tomb operations would be on a trial basis. You will report to the local leader weekly. If there are any questions as to cheating us…” The Senator pointed to the wet floor.
“That’ll not be an issue, sir.”
Shaking his head lightly with disgust, the Senator continued, “Had you and that deserter not screwed things up so badly decades ago, the contract would be long completed by now. We will get the Hotel one way or the other. But you! You, Chief Fitz, got sloppy and our underground infrastructure was discovered before the contract was fully executed, leaving Network operations in the Village, even to this day, as a three-legged dog!”
The Senator aimed his voice in Tsar’s direction as he continued, “So if you wonder why you’re not the lead man in the Village, chew on that for a while.”
Tsar turned his profile slightly to the wall beside him, enough so that only the Senator could see his face when the curtain was drawn.
Collecting himself, the Senator finished the induction of Ronald Fitz. “For you to accept your position as the twelfth council member within this local chapter you will adhere to the chain of command or you will be immediately eliminated. Understood?”
“Yes, sir.”
The Senator had paused. This was Tsar’s moment.
Light flooded his eyes as the curtain was completely drawn back by the guard. Tsar squinted a bit as the Senator nodded toward him. Tsar bowed in respect.
The Senator turned back to Fitz. “This member we will all refer to as Tsar. He’s both a trained and natural leader from our camps in Germany. He has proven himself beyond the capability of ninety percent of our worldwide membership, and, before the age of 21. His abilities are far more than what is necessary to assist me with these small operations in the Village. His maternal bloodline dates back with historical ties to this area with direct ancestry having participated in the very first ritual over 200 years ago on Fallen Mountain. He’s chosen both for his elite bloodline and for his master skills. I want you to remember every breathing moment of your remaining days, that this man has the power of life and death over you. No executive decision within this Village is to be determined without his approval. Understood?”
Fitz complied, “Understood Sir.”
The Senator turned his head toward the other members, “Understood?”
In unison they responded, “Understood!”
“Rise to your feet members and welcome Tsar, leader of local operations in the Village. Tsar. Our thirteenth member.”
Tsar turned toward the members, stepped forward, and removed his hood. Pulling his torso up to full height, his eyes locked with Ronald Fitz as though no one else were in the room.
Gasps echoed throughout the Sunday school class area. The Senator chuckled loudly with delight as Janice Manning looked on, with a false sense of dignity.
Ronald Fitz let his mouth fall open as he wobbled and stumbled backwards like a penguin. One would think the man was choking to death as the name squeaked through his lips…
“Chase Manning?!”



Chapter 26

|OOO|

Drip. Blood drips, dropping to the dusty hay below. Drip. The stench of filthy flesh squirms. Drip. Tap.
Tap. Inhaling deeply. Tap. Lungs balloon with air. Tap. Tap. Drip.
Who am I? What am I?
Drip tap drip tap.
I have to release air… I’m dying.
Burning candles suffocate the air, mingled with rotting flesh. Unseen people stand at the highest level looking down – watching. At the lowest level are shimmering metal points gleaming through the surface of thick, scattered hay. Orangey flames cast a ghostly glow off old, brownish-charcoal barn boards.
Somewhere in the middle, I stand on one of those boards, a make-shift plank. A knife in my hand, I’m going to die and I don’t even know who I am!
Drip. Tap.
Someone slides their hands from under my arms, down to my elbows, and push my hands together to grip the knife.
Drip. Tap.
The air is trapped in my lungs. Each time I try to exhale, I only inhale more air. I stagger back and sway. I will fall to the bed of dusty hay with the sharp metal gleaming points and I will die!
Tap. Tap. Tap.
The one behind catches me and I hear his words, “You start and I’ll finish.”
I’m dreaming!
I struggle to be in control and away from the rope, away from the dying flesh swaying before me, and away from the hands that now grip my own with a mighty force.
A voice inside screams, “Open your eyes… OPEN YOUR EYES NOW!”

|OOO|

Shooting up into a sitting position, he pawed at his face to free himself from whatever it was that kept him from breathing. He exhaled all the air that had ballooned in his lungs.
Nothing was there. Nothing covered his face. He slapped his face. It hurt.
The voice quieter but still firm directed him, “Exhale… out! Blow out, out, out…”
Exhaling again… “I’m alive. Yes, I’m alive!”
Blowing out the last of the dead air in his lungs, panic blindsided him.
I’m alive but who am I?
His heart pounded in his chest. His airway started to close as fear struck him again. Desperately, he looked around the room and though it was familiar. It was not. He closed his eyes and slowly pulled his fists up to see them. He opened his fists with palms up.
“Yes. These are my hands!” He began his breathing ritual; breathing, in and… slowly out, in and… slowly out.
In less than ten seconds, he brought his heart rate down to a safe rhythm, evenly inhaling and exhaling; in and out, in and out.
Combing his hair with his fingers in backward strokes; who he was and where he was, came flooding in like a light switching on, with only a flick of the finger.
It was just a dream. Just a dream.
Breathe.
My room. Our room.
I am home. And she is not… again.

|OOO|

Damn it! Where is she?
Chase lay flat on his back. The first memory that surfaced was that his pillow had been thrown to the floor by her side of the bed.
Not a good sign.
As his conscious state began to fully rouse, miserable memory after memory piled in like dominos.
Frankie was gone when Cody and Joe brought him home from the county jail last night. Not having a clue where she would be after he and the guys checked Julia’s, the Resort, and Hotel lounge, he’d called his sister Sammy; spawn of the witch-mother.
Sammy had not been working dispatch when Fitz planned the setup with the locals yesterday. But she was able to access the information outside of work. She informed Chase that while Fitz had filed with the judge for a search warrant and the cops were watching the house, that Frankie had pulled in and out in a short period of time during the afternoon hours. She did not return. Sammy had tried to persuade Chase that Frankie was fine. Instead of thanking her for her help, Chase had accused her of not giving two bits about his wife.
Sammy hung up on him.
Chase was afraid for Frankie. And he couldn’t trust his sister much more than he could his mother. Still, he had no one else to turn to.
Downs neither questioned him, nor did he make small talk on the way to the station yesterday afternoon. He apologized to Chase as he locked him in the holding cell. Chase spat on the floor in response. He had expected any moment to see Fitz gloating on the other side of the cage, but oddly, the swine never came near.
Chase had lay back on the small cot in the single-hold cell and closed his eyes. Downs returned a short time later and handed him Chase’s cell phone. Chase didn’t trust it. Why would Downs give him the phone? Without a word, Downs waited outside the cell.
Before Chase could grasp Downs intentions, his cell phone rang. A strange number. Perhaps an attorney. He pushed aside his reservations, and connected the call. The person on the other end spoke in gibberish. Chase looked out where Downs waited, raised his eyebrows, then tossed the phone across the floor at him as the gibber continued.
Ignoring Downs as he stood guard, Chase lay down for what seemed to be seconds, minutes, or hours when he heard his cell door open again. He didn’t move, nor acknowledge Downs. But this time when Downs walked away, there were two sets of footsteps moving down the hall towards the interrogation room.
They were watching him…
Always watching.

|OOO|

Now, lying flat on his back in his own bed, Chase thought about those two sets of footsteps. The memory of it caused the hair on his arms to stand on end. He knew he couldn’t escape their “all-seeing” ways.
As he mulled over the miserable situation that he was in, the sound of tapping started again.
Wait. What? The tapping from my dream followed me into the real world?
The tapping seemed to vibrate the entire house.
Or maybe it’s my head that’s vibrating.
Involuntarily, his shoulders shook as a delayed response to the chill he’d felt a moment ago, and now this…
Tap. Tap. Tap.
He raised his eye brows. Maybe? Just maybe? He knew it was a long shot, but maybe it was his wife at the front door. He moved from the bed as quickly as his body allowed.
His mind was wide awake, but his body remained heavy with exhaustion. Reaching for the bedroom door took more effort than it should have. He pulled it open and made his way through the living room, to the front door.
Jerking the door open quickly, “Frankie?”
No one. He stepped out onto the front porch and scanned the sides and front of his yard. The storm had thrashed around many loose branches, several of which now littered his driveway and lawn. The morning’s temperature was brisk and felt more like mid-spring then early summer.
What a day can spin…
He shut the door, and closing his eyes, he wanted to see her face. Instead, and without warning, another face appeared behind his closed eye lids.
William Ked…

|OOO|

I’m crazy. Maybe I did kill someone.
He looked down at his hands, hearing Fitz’s words; “Tell me what you know about Ked.”
Chase studied his hands.
Did these hands kill that kid? Oh God! What if I did?
Panic seized him as he clamped his eyes, trying to shut out the kid’s face. He began to hold air again.
The same voice from his nightmare yelled out; Open your eyes damn it!
He opened his eyes and began his oxygen balance yet once again. He looked down at his hands then steadied himself. He walked over to the couch and dropped. “God if You’re real, please keep her safe.” He exhaled with some relief, remembering also that she had Warden with her.
When he was released from holding, Cody and Joe drove him around to look for Frankie before bringing him home. They stayed with him until about 10 pm, when he insisted they go and get some rest. He had put out his hand to shake Joe’s, to thank him for his loyalty, when Joe threw his arms around him like a frightened little brother. When he pulled back, Joe’s eyes were bloodshot with tears. Cody put his hand out for Chase. Chase decided that Joe’s sentiment was accurate, though not one to embrace men, these were more than men. Chase pulled Cody into an embrace and quickly slapped him on the back. “You’re both good men, the best of brothers.”
But now, Chase felt embarrassed. His gut recoiled at the memory of Joe hearing the abuses of Fitz against him and the kids of the Shelter. Disgust, hatred, embarrassment, and shame filled him.
He needs his wife. She reminded him of the man he’s become and not the boy that Fitz tormented. Chase needed to know that she was okay and that they were okay. Fitz and his shame could go to hell.
The tapping started again. He dragged his weighted body off the couch and followed the sound. This time the sound came from the garage. Walking through the breezeway, Chase opened the door into the garage and scuffing the cement; he walked over to the side door and pulled it open. Nothing. He listened again for the tapping. Nothing.
He yelled, “What? What the hell do you want from me!?”
He closed the door and headed back inside the house to get his flip-flops on. He needed to get Bouncer from the workshop. He remembered leaving her out there last night. When he was angry, she sensed it and became very nervous. She preferred the workshop under the circumstances. She had gone right to her place and lay on her old bed.
Tap, tap, tap. This time the sound was coming from the other side of the house. Rubbing the top of his head, he seethed, “Whoever you are… you have picked the wrong damn day to mess with me!”
Chasing down the sound, he went back into the master suite and using the hanging rod on the side, he whipped open the blinds that covered the French doors...
His heart stopped.

|OOO|

Outside his bedroom, a woman stood before him. Not his wife-woman.
Dread, maybe even fear, rolled its way throughout his upper innards while his knees weakened with anxiety of who and why this person stood outside his bedroom holding a plastic bag. His mouth fell and stayed open, while he stared in open shock.
Without taking her eyes off him, she slid the door open… slowly. With her gradual movements, he sensed she was trying to disarm any aggression that would naturally rise up with her unannounced and sudden appearance.
She was dressed in khaki shorts and wore a white blouse opened to a white tank top underneath, and on her feet were hiking boots with white socks. He held her hazel eyes as she opened him up like a book. He knew her. He knew that he knew her, just not how.
Not yet.
Slowly, even gently, she stepped into his bedroom. Everything about the way she moved displayed characteristics of confidence, courage, and strength. Her dirty blond hair was pulled gently back in a ponytail, her hazel eyes studied him; eyes of intrigue, sadness, perhaps even regret. She looked inside him, she knew him – and to the depths that no one else did, nor ever would… she knew him. They were like two soldiers reuniting after a fierce battle.
“Hello, Chase.” He noted the British accent.
“Hello.” His mind muddled with confusion, his voice didn’t sound his own.
“For your protection,” she paused with a partial smile and lowered her head in a way of humility, “I am known as King Charles.”
He tapped his temple and then pointed his index finger at her, “You were in Germany. I remember you at the championship party. You served the military leaders.”
“Yes, I did and I still do.”
Tapping his temple again, he turned from her to better study his own mind. “And you were the one who carried my sweatshirt?” Twisting his face in confusion, he turned back to her, “Why did you have it? Why would you have it?”
Spoken matter-of-factly, “It’s a way to connect us all.”
“Us?”
Bowing her head, she hesitated before turning and walking into the living room. He followed her and watched as she looked at the faces in the pictures on the wall. The faces in the pictures seemed to convince her to continue, for whatever she was about to do – she was doing it for them.
She opened the bag and the movement conjured up the repulsive smell of mothballs. She pulled out a folded up hooded sweatshirt, letting the plastic bag drop to the floor. She took the shirt, held it from shoulder to shoulder under her neck, letting it fall open.
He looked at it without responding. She turned it around to reveal the backside. No longer was his name on the back, only his numbers.

77

She tossed it at him and catching it, he sent it right back to her. The weight of the jersey in the millisecond he’d held it – felt oddly heavy. The fabric like nothing he’d ever felt before.
Trying to cover the building anxiety, he spewed out a chuckle, “Us? I don’t get it… King Charles.” He raised his eyebrows with amusement. “A normal guy, a prostitute and an assassin? Us? You’re crazy.”
She tossed the sweatshirt on the couch, “Yes, you do get it. You just said so yourself.”
Shaking his head, “What’s that mean?”
Tapping him on the shoulder as she walked past him to look at more pictures on the walls, “I bloody didn’t tell you who and what we were, you just told me.”
Before he could tell her that made no sense at all, she carried on, “Now I don’t have much time to fill you in. No time for a brother-sister reunion sorta thing. Germany has come to the Village; aka, “The Network.” We have loose and sensitive information on an SD card, lost somewhere around the Old Orphanage to the path leading to the highway nearby your house. If you find it, get it to me quickly. It has dangerous and sensitive data on it. If they find the card in the hands of civilians, it could be lethal to the one who has it.”
“Am I supposed to know what the hell you’re talking about, woman?”
“No, sorry. I forget that the Network is mostly too complicated for your modest sensitivities. Your purpose has always been to live life free of the underworld – to deny the very existence of its existence even. But…”
There’s a time for denial and a time for survival.”
Chase cocked his head at the familiar words but let her continue. “We will deal with this in the immediate days to come, but for now, if we’re to survive these next few days we need to locate that SD card. You live nearest to the location it was lost.” Then with words mixed of adoration and regret she added, “You and your wife that is.”
With no regard for the woman’s personal agenda, Chase’s heart ached at the mention of his wife. The woman could see it on his face.
Shaking her head, “Your wife is fine. Let me suggest you follow through with her plans to go on that second honeymoon.”
With a hint of desperation, “You know where she is?”
“Yes, I do. She is safe in Maine at one of the hotels, awaiting the cabin to be ready.”
“How would you know that? How would you know any of this?”
Holding out her hands in a matter-of-fact gesture, she replied, “It’s my bloody job to know.”
Chase no longer sensed the “soldiers reuniting” feel about the woman, he raised his eyebrows in mistrust, “Which hotel?”
With a partial smile, she winked, “I will only tell you that she’s fine. A woman needs her space.”
He stepped in closer toward the woman. His aggression apparent as he squinted his eyes, locking his with hers; hazel, hypnotic, amazing eyes. Momentarily forgetting himself as he could get lost in those eyes, he forced himself to shake it off.
“Listen, Chap. I’m sorry that I’m not here under better circumstances. I tried to prepare you by sending ahead the sweatshirt. It was a fatal mistake on my part. It was the reason Billy… ah um… William Ked was killed.”
His stomach dropped.
Oh God! I didn’t kill that kid. I know I didn’t. These people are messing with my mind.
Chase pushed away his fear and considered how the woman had just stumbled over the kid’s name calling him Billy. She knew him intimately. How? Why? To cover her stumble she moved into the kitchen and asked for coffee, assuring him, “Don’t worry, it wasn’t you that killed Ked and we both bloody know who was behind it.”
Uncertain about the woman, still, Chase actually felt a sense of relief at her statement but didn’t respond.
Remaining silent, Chase went through his morning coffee-making ritual, only this time not for his wife but for some strange prostitute from his past. Two different prostitutes in less than a week. Nice.
Well, I’ll be damned. This is sure to be another delightful ding-dong of a day!

|OOO|

Pouring the water into the machine, Chase returned the pot back to the burner. He removed two cups from the hooks on the mug-tree and set them next to the pot. He turned back to the woman, who stood at the corner of the open counter that passed through from the kitchen into the living room, as she began to enlighten him.
Shaking her head adversely, she answered a question he hadn’t asked, “Ked’s death was not a random act. Fitz purposely had his dose of heroin to be of lethal measure. The Chief’s intent was to frame you. Ked and I were involved in a covert assignment dealing with a Network embezzler, code-named Fox. Fitz had ties to the man as Fox worked at the Phoenix. Ked also worked at the Phoenix. No doubt he’d seen Ked at the facility as often as he patronized the place. Ked was not supposed to be seen in public, not here in the Village. He was supposed to go to the jobsite. He balled-up protocol. When Ked approached you at the store the other day, Fitz likely thought the two of you were trying to set… him up. He’s no idea how far off he was and William Ked was killed because of it.”
Confused and angry, he opened his arms wide in frustration, “I still don’t understand what ANY OF THIS has to do with me or my wife!”
She threw up a hand in her own frustration. “Because you don’t want to know Chase. You can sort it all out in your own way, but for now.” She looked directly into his eyes, inhaled deeply while raising her eyebrows, then exhaled… “He’s here.”
His hands held out in question, as he demanded. “Who? Who the hell is he?”
Her hazel eyes large and round, “Tsar. He’s here.”
Chase stood in utter shock and yet he already knew; the man in the back of Sylar’s cruiser, it was him, the man with the painted face. The bimbo even used the name, calling him Tsar.
His wife didn’t know about his days in detention. He never wanted her to know. If she knew, she’d never see him the same again.
Turning from her, he faced the upper cabinet doors. Using the palms of both hands, he slapped into the doors in a swift motion, careful not to go through them. “This will ruin me, it will ruin us damn it!”
“What the bloody hell’r you talking about?”
“The damn Detention Center, woman!”
“You were just a young’un. That wouldn’t matter to a woman who desperately loves you, chap.”
He remembered the dream that chased him back into the real world earlier. The dream, this woman, Tsar… There’s more to it inside his head.
Damn it. If Frankie ever gets even an inch – she’ll walk right inside my twisted mind!
His dreams were more frequent the past few days and certainly more intense. Chase paced back and forth a bit. The more he paced, the more suspicious he became. He turned to look directly at her once again.
“What’re you doing here anyways… ugh um …King Charles?”
She dropped her eyes to the floor and looked at the tip of her boot, tapping it gently with the heel of her other boot. Shaking her head in regret, or maybe at his ignorance, he wasn’t sure which. She spoke slowly, “I’ll be more specific this time. Last night Tsar arranged to meet with William Ked. Ked was to bring him highly sensitive coded information contained in an SD card. Somehow and somewhere, Ked lost it between the highway and the Old Orphanage, likely on the trail. After a thorough search of the area, it was not discovered. If you find it, for your protection and for your wife’s, you must contact me right away. Her life would be in imminent danger should she be found with it.”
She picked up his cell phone and tapped in something. “Call me if you hear anything. She handed him his phone. I’m programmed for 55.”
Chase sensed some danger in what the woman was communicating. He was also annoyed how she used his phone like it was her own. He took it from her and tossed it on the counter. Locking eyes with her, he swiped the palm of one hand and then the other, “I am not calling you, and you are not really here. It’s time for you to go – now!” He reached out to grab her arm.
She pulled out of reach and walked around him into the kitchen, “You should also know that the fact that Tsar is here, which in and of itself may, or may not, expose your past – all of that is really the least of your worries, Chase.”
Switching places with her, his tone became accusatory, “Why didn’t you just deliver the sweatshirt yourself? Why send some oblivious kid? Are you playing games with me?”
She turned to the coffee pot and poured coffee for both. He noticed a magazine folded and tucked between the small of her back and held by the waist of her khaki shorts. Something Frankie would do.
“It doesn’t matter what I tell you. You will deny the bloody truth, it’s what you do and it’s who you are.” She spoke this casually as she handed him his cup.
He put the cup down and his tone demanding, “How do you know what I do and who I am?”
Leaning against the counter top, “I know everything about you, Chase. I’ve studied you since the day you came into my life. And for the record, our System doesn’t operate like the free world does. We are limited to how we initiate contact and also when and how we communicate.”
“Fine then, you’re here now, why not yesterday?”
Sipping her coffee, “I am. And why I’m here today is because of you. You requested me. And it’s a bloody good thing.”
He scoffed now. “Request you? I don’t even know you!”
She disregarded his scoffing and asked him, “Do you remember the last time we saw each other?”
He tapped his front right pocket. Without removing the knife, he felt its form through the fabric.
Nodding her head like a teacher would to a child, “That’s right, the Detention Center. I left that knife for you, so that on this day, today, you’d remember that I gave it to you and ask me why I left it for you back then. Do you remember the words I spoke as I passed you by on my way to the Hall of Isolation?”
Letting his features relax in defiance, he stared straight ahead in silence. Yet, his mind filled with memories of that day. He always hated this knife and the dreams that came with it. As though she said the words just yesterday, Chase remembered every word she had spoken that day ten years ago. But he wouldn’t give her any satisfaction, not like this.
She let her head drop, slightly amused, and conceded to his defiance. She switched direction and upped the ante…
“It’s why we are here that should matter to you. Tsar’s first official Village trophy, a salesman out of the Phoenix Center, known by the Network as… ‘Fox,’ is floating face-down in the lake this morning as a result of our covert assignment. Tsar’s programming has been activated and they want access to the Hotel, and they will use Tsar to gain that access.”
He turned up his nose, “Who are they?”
“The Network. Don’t you bloody hear anything I’m saying to you?” She sneered at him and shook her head as though he were an idiot. “They want to place contacts inside. Move in and move out throwaways, stage blackmail settings, photography, videos – their usual. They’ve set up official operations within the Village for the first time in several decades.” Her hands fell to her sides in a show of defeat.
“Why here?”
“Because Chase… Fallen Mountain is the oldest ritual site in all of New England. And now, as they are resuming operations after decades, they want the bloody Hotel and are prepared to do whatever it takes to get it.”
Chase knew why they wanted this particular Hotel and not just any hotel; for the channels that run beneath. It would be impossible to replicate the schematics within this small Village that could serve them by building another. Not to mention all the attention the construction would bring.
He folded his hands across his chest and leaned back against the kitchen wall mirroring her defeat.
People are dying!
This was real and he knew it was coming and he’d known it since he was a kid. It was why he’d worked all these years on the safe room for his wife. All his life, he’d pretended he was not a part of it, and yet he was… from the moment he’d been born. Born to a witch-woman.
The King finished her coffee, rinsed the cup out, and left it in the sink. Pouring the coffee into the thermos, she rinsed the pot out as well, and dumped the wet grinds.
“Thank you… ahh umm… King Charles, for letting me know all this, but I have things to do today. So, if you have any final words please get on with it, and then out of my life, and back to your castle.”
“It’s time now, chap, and you know it.”
“Time for what damn it!”
With a nod of certainty, she walked past him, through the living room, and then rounded to the right facing his bedroom. He followed her as she walked past the foot of the bed and stepped through the French doors onto the deck. She pulled the magazine from the back of her shorts and held it in her hand. Turning to face him, she answered his question, “for the truth.” She tilted her head and lifted her eyebrows, “Well… some of it at least.”
Less than a foot from one another, they stood off silently for a few seconds when he asked her, “What else is there?”
With one hand on the doorframe, she leaned in, letting her head drop forward for a moment – hesitating. She pulled her head up, and gently whacked the wood frame with the magazine. “Find out all you can about Hunter Freeman, he used to live here. He’s a key, just as the knife in your pocket is a key. A key to your past.”
“I don’t care about any Hunter Freeman, or Tsar, or you for that matter. I just want you all out of my life, go back to your freak worlds and stay the hell out of mine. Why can’t all of you just do that? Leave us be – damn it!”
She shook her head at his unwillingness to cooperate and pursed her lips. “They won’t bloody let us, and we can’t stop them. Not like this.”
“Like what?!”
“Something’s broken. We… are broken, Chase. To put Humpty Dumpty back together again, we need all the pieces. They break us and only give us the pieces they want us to have, enough to survive but not enough to live. Help me, help us – to find the pieces they’ve hidden so we can put ourselves back together – so we can fight.” The woman looked over at the bed Chase shared with his wife and then added, “Fight for her.”
“You speak in riddles.”
She scoffed in protest, “You hear me in bloody riddles; it’s how they break us.”
He twisted his grin, “You do realize that I don’t care about any of this. I only care about my wife and her grandmother. The rest of you can wallow in the demon beds of hell that you’ve made for yourselves.”
She looked at Chase and gave him an incredulous glare, “You don’t know what you’re saying. Good grief, how can you be so pitiful?”
Chase stood boldly without responding.
“You need to know this, Chase, whether you want to or not – you need to know this! The bloody plan and purpose for why Tsar has come here…”
He studied her; she took no pleasure in these revelations or in his misery. He hated to admit this to himself, no matter the rage welling inside. She held his eyes and bore herself into his mind.
“Tsar has come to finish what you started. It’s why he’s here in the Village.”
Knowing and not wanting to know what that meant, he inhaled and then exhaling, he demanded. “To finish what damn it?!”
She handed him the magazine, stared straight at him, and answered simply…
“Life.”
He pulled his eyes from hers and looked down as she handed him the magazine.
Staring up at him was a photograph. A photograph of himself – nude. Hanging all over him was the beautiful bimbo, wearing nothing but a tattooed butterfly on her neck!
He felt himself falling back into his nightmare, where he could not breathe again as his lungs began to balloon with air.
Somewhere in the distance of his mind, he heard her parting words. “The only difference is… the eyes.”



Chapter 27

|OXO|

Pushing against a gust of wind whipping from the North, the steady cool ocean breeze pressed in from the East tipping her slightly off balance. Frankie steadied herself. She tugged the zipper of her fleece, pulling it up to rest at her chin, and pulled the hood over her head. At the noon hour, dry air mixed with a breeze and a temperature not yet sixty, felt more like early spring.
Frankie had fallen asleep yesterday at the Resort, lying in the sun on the floating dock at the lake. She recalled the glimpse of heaven…

At the top of the mountainous stairway, the floor where He stood was flawless gold. Truth and love flowed from the center, spilling over, pouring down the sides to where His majesty stood. Flowing with a never-ending stream was the gift of eternal life from Him to His people. The Great River of Life.
In all His majesty and within a whisper of eternity, she was the center of His attention. The center of His love. In this place she wanted to be forever and always.
In a crawl position, she was drawn weightlessly to come before Him.
Her eyes remained closed by the brilliance of His glory. It was He, her Savior. He held her with all power, all might, and all authority over ALL things, the Creator of all creation.
He held His hand above her head without touching her. He spoke her name, a new name. A name which could not be spoken by any other.
Her spirit combined as one with Him. Carefully, she began to stretch into a standing position; still, her feet did not touch the floor as she came upright before Him, His Spirit beckoning hers.
He lifted her up.
Fear was cast out and lies had no place here.
Never had she felt such pain.
The cost of love was pain. Suffering. Sacrifice.
Their pain locked as one.
He spoke, yet without words…

“Behold I have given you authority
over serpents and scorpions
and over all the power of the enemy
and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Rejoice for your name is written in heaven.”

In His majestic presence and with His forgiveness, she remained before Him.
Head bowed, eyes closed. She felt his breath upon her; vibrating through her soul and spirit. He kissed her forehead with pure and perfect love.
The gift of love was mercy. Forgiveness. Salvation.
Their love locked as one.

Frankie crossed her arms to her chest, still able to feel the perfect and powerful love of God. Though a beautiful dream, a beautiful vision – personal sacrifice was at stake.

|OXO|

She shut off her phone yesterday, pulled out the battery, and headed north. She needed time to think, she needed some distance.
Liberating. Definitely liberating.
She looked down at Warden and smiled, “Except for you, of course. You’re my bodyguard.” With all the confusion of the past few days, there was no better place to be than… away.
Warden looked out to the water then back to Frankie. “Go ahead boy. But these are a different sort of birds around here, play nice or you may be their lunch!”
Warden spun out the soft sand from his feet as he ran towards the water’s edge and then stopped, only tapping the surface of it with his paw. Frankie found a dry spot just outside the water’s reach and sat in the sand overlooking the ocean. Ducks surfed, rolling high and low with each wave. Seagulls squawked, dipping in and out of the water fishing for lunch. Warden frantic with delight as he ran back and forth, back and forth, waiting for them to come closer to play.
The scene before her, so simple, so innocent. And then Nan’s words…
…“It won’t be long now Frankie – I can feel it.”

|OXO|

Nan was right. The vision, maybe only a dream, was preparing her for something.
Before leaving the house yesterday, she’d remembered the distant sound of dogs barking the night before. She had walked the grounds around their house and Chase’s workshop. Most of the area covered with grass, there was nothing distinguishable. But... she did see odd-sized footprints in the sand outside of Chase’s workshop. None at the front entrance, but footprints could be seen at the back entrance to his old office.
She thought that this might be best kept to herself, not wanting to give Chase the opportunity to accuse her of being paranoid.
She also thought about the boy with Chase’s sweatshirt and the harlot from the restaurant. On a whim, she considered that just maybe her husband was unfaithful; he went to LakeRidge often enough. Nothing about his love for her seemed incomplete but then again, that harlot brought about a lot of questions.
Frankie had set out her old voice recorders from her college days, packed up the car, and headed out.
I cannot believe that my life has become so complicated.
She let her eyes flutter in a backward roll as she shook her head and then spoke to the oceans cool breeze. “Your marriage has been beautifully complicated since the beginning. Who’re you kidding, Frankie baby?”
She chuckled at this admission, as it was the truth. Frankie had been in college during the worst of Chase’s drinking days. There would be times that Chase would act more peculiar than others. Frankie began to see a pattern. Chase had a fetish with the outside lights; front and back, on or off.
Frankie had several voice recorders for notes. She would set them up in different places throughout their property, including his workshop when his actions became obviously peculiar. Yet, when she played them back, she wouldn’t hear anything unusual, maybe; light coughing, closing of doors, music… certainly nothing worth investigating.
Then Chase would return to the perfect husband, and she would tuck the puzzling pieces in the recesses of her mind. Until… it would happen again.
Frankie had few secrets from her husband. Setting out recorders during his peculiar times during the days he drank was one of them. As another day had passed, and some distance from Chase, Frankie believed that perhaps she over reacted by setting out the recorders.
She stood up and kicked off her sandals. Picking them up, she let them dangle from her hands at her side. The cool, wet, and silky sand under her feet was much different than the gritty sand of the lakes beach. The oceans aroma of clams and seaweed filled her nostrils.
Warden looked back to her as he ran in and out of the waves and up and down the shore while keeping a constant eye on her.
Looking out to the endless body of water, she thought again about Heaven’s Great River of Life…

|OXO|

Frankie clapped to get Warden’s attention and immediately he was at her side. Together, they continued up the shore, back to the hotel where she would stay one more night.
Laughter from behind caught her attention. She turned to see a middle-aged couple laughing and holding hands. Sighing with grief, and perhaps a bit of self-pity, she was lonely for her husband and only after two days…
Poor Nan, how do you do it?
Two men passed by and glanced her way, yet did not make eye contact. Frankie realized that she’d been so lost in her thoughts that she wasn’t being cautious. Openly sweeping the area, she noticed another man in the distance, standing high above on an edge, watching her. 
I need to be more careful.
Seeking reassurance, she reached down to pet Warden, “Come on, boy. Let’s get us a bite to eat.” The thought of food moved her feet just a little bit faster. Water, salad, and bread perhaps?

|OXO|

The waitress brought her a cheeseburger and French fries with a glass of cold chocolate milk.
Whatever…
Taking a seat at the bar, Frankie had left Warden in the SUV with the windows down half-way, parked under several trees lined up on the backside of the hotel. She had a clear view out the window to her right, where she could keep an eye on him.
Glancing through some brochures and a map of the park, the Harbor itself was stunning. And once her cheeseburger and fries was rightly settled in the pit of her stomach, she’d take a hike with Warden around the beautiful park. Being without Chase was a new experience, and there was no doubt; Frankie missed her husband.
Tomorrow he would come. She left a trail.
Frankie handed a generous tip to the waitress when she heard a soft hello beside her. She looked briefly and saw a grown man coming in closer. The man fumbled his way into the seat right next to hers. She felt uncomfortable that with dozens of empty seats, the man would sit right next to her.
Frankie turned to get a closer look at him. The man looked up, and he smiled at her as though they’d known each other all their lives. His eyes were so clear, so gentle, and as innocent as a small child’s.
Frankie smiled back and said, “Hello there.”



Chapter 28

|XXX|

Gathering around Francine at the bar was an older couple with a younger man who appeared to have down-syndrome. The young man’s face lit up as he reached out to Francine with his arms open. Without hesitation, she twisted out of the bar stool and stood before him. They embraced like old friends.
“Is she drinking?” Tsar asked Sylar as he looked at the clock. It was 12:45 p.m..
“I’ve only seen the bartender serve her chocolate milk.”
Tsar studied Manning’s wife. She had a way about her. She’s as sweet as candy and as tough as nails. People were drawn to her. Sylar was smitten with her. There’s a strong possibility that Sylar would step outside of the Network and battle Fitz for Francine’s sake. He also had a tolerance for the old man but Tsar was certain that it would take little for Sylar to slit the Chief’s throat to protect Francine.
Tsar found himself wondering if Sylar would’ve enjoyed the events of last night. The memory of it made Tsar chuckle at the look on Chief Fitz’s face as he soaked in the sight of his new local leader. Certainly, he was comparing the similarities between himself and Chase Manning, all of it having performed perfectly to the Senator’s expectations. It would be a humorous scene to remember for decades to come.
“Stand by, Captain.”
Tsar had notified Sylar to track Francine as soon as they’d realized that she had left the Village yesterday afternoon. Sylar followed her to the Harbor. With tracking devices embedded in her purse, vehicle, and also with the standard tracking chip previously injected into the German Shepherd – it took no time to locate her.
Sylar would stay in Francine’s vicinity for as long as need be. Police replacements were arranged to cover for him in the Village.
Tsar spoke into his earpiece, “Give me the details of her activities over the past twenty-four hours.”
“Yes, sir. Mrs. Manning arrived around 6 p.m.. She has stayed in the area, taking long walks on the beach with the Shepherd at her side. No phone calls, no contacts. She kept to herself. She’s now in the lounge speaking with other customers. All appears to be casual, no drama, sir. Management set me up in a room on the same floor as hers.”
Tsar watched as Francine left the lounge area with the young man waving after her. She’s not as physically beautiful as the Butterfly, but there was a distinct beauty about her. Manning was a fool to marry. If he truly loved her, he’d have stayed away. And yet Francine Manning was a perfect cover for their underground operations.
“Anything else to report, Captain?”
“Yes, sir. I was approached by two locals who coded. They’ve been dispatched to monitor Francine Manning by one code-named; King Charles.”
Instinctively, Tsar stood up and slapped his pocket checking his knife. This woman had been a step ahead of him since he met her. He pulled out the knife and, with a quick snap, flicked it open. “Stay near Francine, I’ll check back within the hour.”
Tsar disconnected the call. After a moment of pacing, he sat back down. Flustered, he planted his elbows on the desk, letting his head fall into his hands, wondering…
Where is she so that I can kill her! She cannot be allowed to continuously usurp my authority.
He looked at the knife, closed it, and slid it back in his pocket. Lost in frustration, a breeze whispered across the back of his neck.
With a tsk, “You’re an idiot.”
Solid, cold metal pressed into his temple.
Staring straight ahead without moving, he wasn’t sure if those were the words of another, or his own thoughts.

|XXX|

King Charles kept the gun pressed to Tsar’s right temple, while embracing his left shoulder.
Whispering, “Only I can give you what you want, Tinman. My terms, of course.”
Gritting through his teeth, “Right now the only thing I want is to kill you – dead!”
Teasing laughter flowed from her as though they were co-mingling somewhere at a lavish cocktail party, “Strange coming from the moron who always has the disadvantage in my presence.”
Not for much longer, King Charles. As soon as I discover who or what Fancy is, you will be putty in my hands, just like you were the Senators.
“Okay, what is it that I want then oh Royal King?”
Kissing the back of his head like a mother would, she snuggled her chin against his ear. “Let’s begin with learning who you really are. The truth is locked away in a safe place but not for long. You seem to be having identity issues.”
Speaking with a near perfect British accent, he mimicked his rival. “This coming from the bloody woman who calls herself a King!” He let out a chuckle when the gun pressed even harder into his temple.
He remembered how close she was with Ked. She might be Regional level Network to his local level Network, but she also had a certain private agenda.
What is it damn it?
“Tell me then; am I the tinman or am I Freeman?”
Tapping his shoulder, “You’re both, plus one more; Tinman, Lucian Freeman, and Tsar.”
“You can’t mess with my head, I won’t let you.”
Bursting in laughter, “You’ve got to be bloody kidding, Freeman. No one has screwed with your mind like the Network! How about I call you TFT for short, huh?”
He nearly spat out the words, “I know who I am, female, and I know what you are – a throwaway.”
“A tinman could never understand the true heart of a throwaway.”
“Sure lady, just tell me where my jersey is, and we never have to see each other again.”
“I told you, darling. Only Manning can give it back to you now.”
“It’s just a stupid sweatshirt, what does it matter to you or to Manning anyways?”
“It bloody doesn’t. Now call Sylar off and have him return to the Village.” She cocked the gun – “now.”
“Why? Sylar knows her better than any of your people would.”
The King stated the obvious, “You don’t see it? He’s infatuated with her, he can’t think objectively. When she’s in the Village, he is the most suitable to watch her. It’s why he’s positioned next to her house but not this far away, not alone with her.”
He considered that this throwaway had bounced back and forth through the Village, off and on, throughout the years, while he had just arrived.
Actually, she was only confirming his own perception about Downs. And for Downs to “happen” in the area where Francine was four hours away was enough to bring unnecessary attention. Should she be in any danger, Sylar would likely expose himself to protect her without thinking of the repercussion. But Sylar would not act upon any physical attraction he may have for Francine, for this, Tsar was certain. Still the female was right; Sylar may not be objective, possibly giving away his position. This would jeopardize his watch over the estate as well.
Using the ear piece, he double tapped it for redial and ordered Sylar back to the Village. Disconnecting the call, the woman removed the piece from his ear and laid it in front of him on the desk. With the gun still firmly planted in his right temple, together, they watched Francine Manning on the screen as the King lightly breathed on Tsar’s skin.
He could feel the warmness of her breath reach around to the front of his neck and fall upon his chest. He inhaled deeply to disguise his breath-taking reaction and kept his focus on the monitor.
On the screen, Manning’s wife was saying goodbye to her new friends and leaving the lounge. Meanwhile, in Jr. Command, the female shut off the monitor and with as many different tones as a musical instrument – this time she used a tone of lethal threat, “I,” she drew out the single-letter word and started again. “I bloody choose what works best for Mrs. Chase Manning until I am certain that you can be trusted to handle things effectively. I’m watching you. Is that understood, soldier boy?”
No one has ever gotten under his skin like this woman, and he hated himself for letting her. “Francine Manning is only an obstacle to be kept quiet and safe in her own little, pretend world. You have no idea what the real plan is so back off!”
She pulled the gun away from his temple slightly, and with her left arm, she put him in a choke hold. Applying enough pressure to maintain control over him, she brought her mouth close to his ear and whispered through a witchy, soft laughter. “You’re here to finish what Manning started. It’s why I’m here also. It’s why we’re all bloody here. Waiting. Waiting for you…”
Tsar’s mouth fell open.
What the hell am I missing here? How does she know every damn detail of our operation?
He strained far enough away from her hold, twisting his head towards her as she drew him deep into her mind with those all-knowing hazel eyes.
How can this woman know so much about me, about Southside – and our plans?! How can she? Has she somehow infiltrated the System?
With conclusion in her tone this time, “You have forgotten who we are.”
She had given him a second to study the intensity in her eyes before she pulled him back into a squeeze-hold. And then she raised the gun in front of them and pulled the trigger.
A silencer had no effect for the slam caused by a bullet in such close proximity or for the loud ringing vibration that followed. The monitor that had displayed the empty barstool from where Francine Manning just vacated, now vacated itself into a million pieces all over his Jr. Command.
Unable to resist her squeeze-hold as though he were in stasis, he felt the slamming of metal against his temple. Following, was the faint sound of something as it slapped onto the concrete floor behind them. Tsar’s body followed the slapping sound, though his sounded more with a heavy thud as he hit the concrete floor. Her words followed him...
“It’s time to remember where we came from.”



Chapter 29

|OOO|

Chase wandered mindlessly about the workshop until heading out for the Old Orphanage. He had not been able to go back inside the house after having the strange visitor.
Bouncer, in her happy mode, bounced beside him. The muggy skies had left with last night’s storm. The temperature today was 25 degrees cooler than yesterday. Spring had made a comeback as the wind chased the clouds in the sky, spitting out sudden gusts like magic. The forces of nature created mini vortexes that were visible only with the funneling of fallen leaves, pine needles, and light loose debris.
The strange visitor with the hypnotic, hazel eyes seemed real but Chase couldn’t be certain. His mind had been slipping the last few days. He looked at his watch; 1:03 p.m..
Damn it! I’m losing time.
Who is this woman? Whoever she is – has something to do with Ronald Fitz!
Nearly at the Main Trail and junction of the Old Orphanage, with Bouncer at his side, his thoughts now took voice… “You will die. You started this… You started this, Fitz…”
Satisfied that his wife was safe away from the Village and Fitz; unsatisfied that he didn’t know where she was at this moment. But, she’d left him a trail. Chase looked to the Bible sitting on the coffee table before he left the house earlier. Tucked inside, was a copy of the vacation lease. Check in time – tomorrow.
He’d been resistant to go before, but now, was counting the minutes.
With a bit of time on his hands, and considering the events over the past few days, the happening place had been at the Old Orphanage. The King had mentioned an SD card and just maybe, like a needle in a haystack, he’d find it. Whether any of this was real outside his mind he couldn’t be sure. But, if so, better he find it, than some unsuspecting civilian.

|OOO|

Rounding the corner from the Main Trail to the Orphanage, Chase inhaled the aromas of the fresh wet earth, observing how the leaves and the grass shined with hydration. And where the sun reflected on the wetness, rainbow colors spewed forth.
Bouncer reached her head up to him for a pet of approval and then immediately went in search, following her nose. Chase followed her to the building.
There were a few foot prints but certainly no trace of a murder scene. Chase snapped a branch from a tree, about six feet long. With his pocket knife, he sliced off the leaves, and began to inspect the surroundings. Using the branch, he pushed back some of the thicker bushes that lined the path leading to the old building, places where Bouncer had snooped first.
After an hour of poking around, he knew he wouldn’t find anything but maybe he was hoping to find… someone.

|OOO|

His journey to the Shelter turned up nothing and no one. Part of him considered this morning’s visit with King Charles as a dream, or perhaps a desperate mind trick. Another part of him, doubted his doubts.
Chase pushed the anxiety away as he returned home. He looked to the side door entrance that led to Frankie’s garage. He couldn’t open the door and go inside their house. Instead, he went to his workshop and gathered the boards he’d need for a new picnic table for Nan, anything to keep his mind busy. He wanted an eight foot table to replace the smaller one she had. He was determined that they would keep him around, they would remember they needed him as he… needed them.
Bouncer sounded off an alert – a friendly alert. Chase watched as Joe pulled in, driving his parents dark blue SUV. Chase felt butterflies hoping to have some news of Frankie.
Emotional over the entire scene from yesterday still, Joe walked in with his head down and straight for Chase’s chest and buried his head. With a bear-squeeze, “Everything’s good. Don’t worry, Joe.”
Chase pulled back from the embrace, “Have you heard anything from Frankie?”
“No and the town is buzzing. I’m glad Frankie isn’t here. Nan just got home. I went over and talked to her before someone else gave her a twisted version. Frankie’s givin’ us all the silent treatment, her phone goes directly to voice mail. You know how she is, she’s gotta sort it all out in her own mind first. Pastor Dave ‘n Julia came over to Nan’s while I was there and we did some prayin’. Nan believes that Frankie went on ahead with her plans to Maine.” Joe choked up and Chase turned away.
“Ahh, it ain’t nothing, Joe. I survived worse and Frankie’s tough.”
“You know she’ll be expecting you tomorrow. You goin’ up aintcha, boss?”
Digging his hands through his hair, “Yeah, I’m counting the minutes.”
“Me n’ Cody will take turns stayin’ at the house. Nan wants me to drop Bounce off but she’d rather you brought her.”
The thought of being completely alone tonight was not appealing. “Can you pick her up here at the house in the morning?”
Pointing toward the house, Joe replied, “No problem. I’ll pick her up then. I got my key.”
Chase felt as though he owed Joe, at least in-part, an explanation. He cleared his throat as he hung his head in humiliation. “Our anniversary went horribly wrong. I was selfish and pretty much rejected her gift of a second honeymoon. Then, as we were leavin’ the restaurant, some bimbo approached me like she knew me. Between the bimbo and my rejection, well, you can just imagine.”
Joe winked at Chase, “Perfect timing, perfect combination.” Shaking his head with a feigned look of horror, he added, “Dude, that really sucks.”
They both laughed out loud in spite of the somber mood. Joe openly looked about the grounds. The water hose stretched across the lawn from the side of the house to the distance of the workshop. Chase could see on his friend’s face that Joe knew he was avoiding the inside of the house.
“Mind if I go ‘n and get us some cold waters, bossman?”
Chase pointed to the house, “Yeah, that’d be good.”
Avoiding the house, he’d been afraid that his mind would spin out of control again and imagine that a woman walked around his house carrying the title of a King.
As Joe walked off, Chase went to the workshop and prepared the boards to cut to proper lengths for the new picnic table.
When Joe returned, he came out with four bottled waters.
“Hey, bossman, Cody stop by without me this mornin’? Suckin’ up was he?”
Chase felt an unsettling creep in. “No. Why?”
“There’re two coffee cups in the sink.”

|OOO|

Damn it. I knew she was real, why did I deny it? I have tramps coming up to me in public and now meeting me – in me and my wife’s bedroom! If Frankie finds out, I’m good as dead!
Joe helped Chase finish the picnic table and went off to have dinner with Lauren. Chase’s heart ached. How he longed to have Frankie with him. They would go to Nan’s for dinner or take Nan out to dinner. He didn’t want their way of life to change, or much worse, to end. Until just a few days ago, he hadn’t realized how perfect his life was, and now he’s surrounded by tramps seeking to destroy their marriage!
His sugar level had dropped to the point that he had to have something to eat before he dropped. He went inside the house to the kitchen and grabbed a banana. Spoiled rotten fruit, like me. He forced it down with an immediate boost to his sugar level. He turned to the sink. There were definitely two cups sitting there.
He went to the living room, and there sat the sweatshirt that King Charles had held up for him. He walked over and picked it up, holding it out to look at.
Memories that had been buried for decades now rushed him. He fell back on the couch and let this memory transport him back to the last time he saw this shirt. His detention, his prison sentence, finally over…

10 years earlier

The Administrator shook his hand, “Good luck, boy. You are indeed an interesting subject.” The administrator exited through the side door, leaving Chase all alone in the Detention Center and confused over the farewell statement.
Going back to the conference table to gather his discharge papers, the front door of the building pulled open. He didn’t look up. The sound of footsteps echoed down the hall way. Discreetly, he caught a glimpse of a woman headed towards the back door, which led to the Hall of Isolation.
No one had ever entered the hall except for Trainers and the Administrator. There was only one prisoner back there. Tsar.
During his high-school years, Tsar had spent the majority of his time in total confinement as he’d been the one left holding the knife the day Chase had tried to free that dying kid. Chase assumed that Tsar, too, would be dismissed and also sent into military duty. He wasn’t sure how they stood; he’d never seen Tsar after the championship game. Honestly, never wanted to see him, not ever again.
Now that the woman had passed, Chase looked up and openly studied her. He recognized her profile immediately. She was the same woman at the championship party five years earlier who had been called out by Janice Manning.
The woman had swiped up his championship jersey that night, as well as his trophy, and with no resistance from him. And here, five years later, she walked by with a folded garment draped over her left arm. The garment had the same colors as his high-school; forest green and silver. No doubt the same jersey.
She pulled open the door to the Hall of Isolation. She was only a prostitute. Why would she be here, and why would she go into the Hall of Isolation with the jersey? If the woman was baiting him, he wasn’t biting. He headed for the exit.
Then nearly with a tune to the words, she sang;

There is a time for denial and a time for survival.
This is your time.

These words made him hesitate.
Haunted by the words, still, he chose to ignore the woman. He turned to the front exit with his back to her and started walking out with his discharge papers when he heard an unusual clunk.
The door to the Hall of Isolation did not close with a clicking closure sound but an obstructed clunking sound.
He knew he should keep walking straight ahead but, after the Administrators peculiar statement, then this woman… he feared these matters might follow him home. And also, there was something down this hall that drew him, even against his own will.
Chase had never been interested in the sex games that the students and officers played. He’d learned his lesson after that night that he had blacked out, only to find one of the bimbo cheerleaders in his bed the next morning. So if this woman that carried the jersey was looking for him to take part in a sex-game, she would be disappointed.
He walked to the Hall of Isolation’s door that she had propped open with an object. Nearing the door, he heard muffled mumbling, perhaps chanting. Unable to make out the words, he pulled the door back to see what hindered it from closing. Then, he heard the words more clearly…

“You start…”

His knees weakened at those words as fear struck his nerve endings. Before he could be seen by the voice that taunted him at the other end of the hall, he would leave. Bending over to remove the obstruction so that the door would close tightly, the voice spoke again louder this time…

“…I’ll finish!”

He partly recognized the words as he simultaneously noticed the object obstructing the door. It was a knife. This time he felt a punch straight to his gut.
This was the knife that Pap had given him, the knife that he had used to cut the boy free. And the dreams, oh God… this knife was in every one of his nightmares!
Unable to stop his feet from moving forward, he was drawn toward the sound of the eerie chanting and the pounding on the wall in numbers of three.
“You start…” boom, boom, boom. “You start…” boom, boom, boom. Over and over and over.
Stuffing the evidence deep into his pocket, Chase moved down the corridor following the chanting and the pounding. The wall was of solid concrete to his left. On the right were two rooms with tiny windows in the doors. Drawing closer to the end of the hall, from both curiosity and fear, he looked in both of the tiny little windows as he passed by. Each small window revealed equipment. Equipment for; muscle strengthening, monitoring machines, also metal tables and a chair that looked like a chair of execution with straps for all limbs including the head.
Horrified. He’d known. Chase Manning had always known. But he didn’t want to know.
Coming to the last room, it was only a wall of bars. No door with a little window but rather shiny, hospital sterile silver bars. It reminded him of a combination hospital-prison. Chase slowly walked within view of the taunting voice. He could see a man standing in the left corner, facing the concrete exterior wall, his hands pressed high into the wall above.
Turning to the right of the cell, Chase had a near-full view of the rooms; what had appeared to be two rooms with a cell at the end of the hall was really one long rectangular-shaped room. Separating the bunk area from the training room was the same shiny, metal bars that now stood between him and Tsar.
The man turned around, and inside a hooded shadow, his face was concealed. Slowly he walked into view. His face painted. No longer did he have the body of young teenager. No. Now, a man who had worked with training and exercise equipment for many years, he was a strong and powerful warrior!
Tsar leaned forward so that Chase could see his eyes; green and icy. With his lips drawn tight to his face, staring hard into Chase’s eyes, the man spewed the words out. All of them, and all together this time…

“You start and I’ll finish!”

The words he chanted… “You start and I’ll finish,” were the same words in Chase’s nightmare. How could he know Chase’s dreams, his nightmares?
Chase feared the man and felt pity for him at the same time. More than anything, he had to get away from him. He couldn’t breathe being in such close proximity. Whatever they’d done to Tsar at the Detention Center during the four years that Chase had been off in the Navy had turned him into a savage.
Fumbling into his pocket, he pulled out the knife. With a few stabs and clicks, the door opened. Chase looked back one more time to Tsar as he stuffed the knife deep in his own pocket once again.
“I’m sorry, man. I’m sorry about all this stuff. I’m sorry for what they’ve done to you.”
Chase walked out into the fresh air, into the sunlight – free. With the door coming to a close behind him, the man’s words followed him out, repeating…

“I’ll finish.”

|OOO|

Chase leaned forward on the couch and looked at the sweatshirt. He wanted to burn it, hoping to burn the memory with it – but he couldn’t, not yet. Instead, he decided to get it out of his house and away from Frankie, away from him, and away from their marriage.
What is King Charles thinking? Does she want a war in this small Village?
He jumped up and whipping the sweatshirt, he curled it around his arm; the weight of it baffling. Walking over to the dishwasher, he pulled down the door, uncurled the jersey, and stuffed it inside. He closed the door and locked the lid. He would dispose of it later when it got dark. He glanced at the clock; 3:15 p.m..
Walking into his bedroom, he checked the closet. He needed to keep busy. Frankie could use a few shelves. Studying the dimensions and the best location for the shelves, he pulled out his tape for measurements. He left for the workshop hoping to maintain a present state of mind.
Grabbing a piece of dry bread, he shoved it in his mouth, and grabbed a few more cold waters.

|OOO|

Chase finished Frankie’s shelves for her closet. He was listening to the local station to see if perhaps anything was mentioned about the kid that Fitz murdered.
Nothing. But then…

“The identity of a man found dead in the lake today is confirmed to be the Sales Manager of the Phoenix Hotel and Conference Center…”

Chase wavered and every nerve ending in his body lit up simultaneously.
This was really happening! Chase realized that he was teetering on reality and denial, sanity and insanity; he had been for the past few days.
More like all of your life, man!
He needed to find some answers. His wife might be safe for now but for how much longer? Would Tsar target her?
Oh hell! Fitz, and now Tsar.
Chase needed some answers before he left to be with Frankie tomorrow, and Janice was useless for the truth. But there was one other person that might know.
Sammy.
She hated him or maybe he hated her.
Same difference.
He pulled out his cell phone.

|OOO|

Driving to his sister’s house, he considered the way he’d handled the conversation.
Not so smart, Manning.
Threatening her wouldn’t gain her cooperation, and yet, he was sick to death with the pretenses from both her and Janice. Despite his callousness with Sammy, she agreed to meet him at her house. She had longed for a sibling relationship with him for years, but he couldn’t trust her. She had been a source of pain for him since she was born.
Pulling into her driveway, he saw that she’d been watching for him through the picture window. The last time he’d called her for anything was also the first time.
Sammy lived in the house that had been their off-and-on childhood home. Pap left it to her while Janice gave the land to Chase and Frankie. He hated this house and hated any memory connected to it.
Nausea filled his gut.
Samantha Manning yanked the door wide open for him, and without greeting him or waiting for him; she walked straight to the kitchen threshold. With her back to him, she shook her head, then whipped around to face him. Silent.
Chase stepped through the entrance into the darkened room. The only respite of light streamed through the kitchen window. The movement of the entrance door stirred the air, conjuring up the earthy scents from the root cellar. Inhaling dry, dusty dirt dried his throat. He wanted to gag but stifled it.
He turned to the heavily draped windows. These were the same drapes that had hung there from his childhood blocking out the free world. He walked over and tore them back before claustrophobia overcame him. This place sickened him.
He looked to his sister, who now stood glaring at him with her arms folded. She had a look of near-hatred that darkened her already unattractive features. She, too, sickened him.
“Do we have other siblings that you know of?”
First her jaw dropped, leaving her mouth wide open, then she let arms fall to her side. She was shocked, appalled, or maybe both. But there was something about her eyes that squinted into a question mark.
Yes! There is definitely a question mark there.
Her eyes quickly shifted to the right and then back to him several times. Her movement mimicked curiosity. Sammy had not gotten their mother’s beauty, yet took more after Pap’s side; chunky and ill-proportioned, plain looking but stout. She could handle herself well. They both despised Janice. And yet like Chase, she played her part with the woman, bare minimum perhaps – but far more than the old witch deserved.
She overlooked his lack of pleasantries and after a moment of staring down one another, she turned the conversation back on him. “Wow, what an opening question, brother! What a stupid question as well. You were five when I was born, why would you ask me?”
“But you know something, Samantha. I see it in your eyes. Now tell me what you know!”
She clamped her lips tight and shifted her entire body away from him.
Chase persisted, “Do the names King Charles or Tsar mean anything to you?”
She studied him to see how serious he was. When he didn’t budge, she busted out in laughter. “Yeah. Duh. Royalty… helloooo!”
“Don’t mock me, Samantha. I was arrested yesterday for murder. I’m not in a humorous mood, damn it!”
This sobered her reactions, and she took a more serious countenance as she questioned him with the name, “Tsar?”
“Yes. Tsar.” He felt a rush of fear and relief that maybe she could help.
She stared at him, “Tsar is a title, like King is a title. Tsar isn’t a name at all.”
It’s a start. It’s more than I knew before I walked through the door of this hellhole.
She continued to stare at him.
She definitely knows more.
“Tell me what you know or I will make your life miserable, Samantha. I’m in a real shitty situation here, and you better damn well help me if you know something.”
“I’m not afraid of you so back off! And if you wanna know what I know, shut up ‘n wait here.”
She left him standing there as she walked up to the second floor of the New England cape and pulled down a stair-ladder that led to the attic. Ignoring her command to wait, he followed her to the next level. When he got to the top stair, she started an awkward climb up the ladder toward the attic and shouted over her shoulder, “Well then wait there at least, b’cause there isn’t room enough up here for two of us.”
Chase paced back and forth through the hall until she came back down the steep ladder.
In her hand was a… Bible?
That’s a stretch.
She led Chase into his old bedroom and sat on his bed. Holding the Bible, it fell open to a page with a picture inserted. She took it out and handed it to him.
“What’s this?”
“I dunno, thought you might. Not sure who the kid is, but the old lady next to her is Gram.”
Chase looked at it intensely. A beautiful child, barely old enough to walk, and dressed in a laced-ruffle pure white dress to her ankles. Janice’s mother stood hunched. As she leaned down to the child, a gold chain with a circle hung from her neck. The circle nearly touched the child’s face. Within the circle was a double-headed eagle with a crown above their heads.
The old woman and child stood on a cement gray floor. The child had her hand placed in the old woman’s, while both looked straight at the camera. The background spewed with different shades of soft wild yellow and orange fanning out behind them, candle flames. Both the child and the old woman had a blank, distant stare, although the camera was only a few feet from them.
Chase wasn’t sure why, but he felt bile rise up in his throat at the sight of it. Turning the picture over, he checked the date stamp; October 31, 1986.
30 years ago.
“When did the ole lady end up in the looney bin?”
She’d already considered it herself as she replied with a quick response, “December of 86.”
A cold chill resonated up his spine as he pressed Samantha of the girl’s identity, “A cousin maybe?”
She shook her head, “Not any that I know of.”
Looking directly at Sammy now, “How’d you get it?”
Sammy pointed to the attic. “It was here in the attic. I found it going through old Christmas decorations a few years back.”
“Does Janice know?”
She turned up her nose. “No. Not that I ever told her.”
Pointing at the picture, “Who do you think she is?”
“She resembles you Chase. And Janice.” Since the two reached adult age, they had refused to call the woman anything that might identify her as a mother.
Sammy went into her room across the hall and brought back an old photograph album. She pulled out a picture and handed it to Chase. It was a young picture of their mother, maybe two years old herself. Certainly there was a resemblance, a very strong resemblance actually. Yet a niece could also look like her aunt.
“Can you get me anything else, anything that might indicate that I have a brother?”
She narrowed her eyes at him, “That’s crazy, Chase. Why would you even ask that?”
Chase kept both pictures. He abruptly stood up from the bed and headed for the stairs.
Taking several steps down at a time, he yelled loud enough for her to hear him as he was nearly running from her now.
“I dunno but whoever was last seen with that kid who got killed looks like my twin, and it appears the sonofabitch is a model of sorts.” Chase rolled his eyes with the word model as he reached the main floor and added, “His eyes are more greenish than blue, though.”
Sammy followed quickly behind him, her words bouncing as she too, bounced, heavily down the stairs. “Are you losing your mind or what, Chase? What reason would you have to even consider that?”
Chase stopped in the entry way and turned toward her defensively as she reached the main floor. “For the same reason you suspect the little girl in the picture might be our sister. I dunno, hell… maybe because I have memory blocks from all the blows to the head when I was a kid!”
Sammy winced. She had witnessed many beatings where Chase could barely walk afterwards. She had instigated some of those beatings herself.
“We both know it. We had about a dysfunctional life as any kid could. Who knows who that little girl might be? But you are stretching it, if you think you might have a twin brother who’s trying to frame you, Chase. That’s friggin’ crazy!”
He rubbed the sweat from his forehead, unable to hide his confusion.
It is. It’s friggin’ crazy!
Feeling repulsed, he hated being so desperate.
“Think about it, Samantha? Is it really that crazy to consider that Janice had a child and sold her or something?”
Samantha lifted an eyebrow. She took a few seconds to consider his statement when she weakly replied, “I guess not.”
After an awkward moment, Sammy came over and touched his arm. Instinctively he pulled back as though her touch was like fire, burning his flesh. He knew he couldn’t trust her, but still, he had no one else to turn to from his childhood that could possibly help him.
She stepped back, but her face had softened. “Chase, if you could move past it all.” She hesitated and looked down to the floor, “If we could move past it all, maybe we could learn to be a real brother and sister.”
“Move past it, Sammy? Every time that belt came across my back or my legs, you stood there with a smirk on your face. You did things purposely so I’d get beat. Still now even, I wonder if you have that same sadistic gene as Janice! I took more beatings b’cause of you than I can count.”
Chase exhaled loudly trying to pull it together. He waved both pictures at her, “I’ve never asked one thing of you our entire lives. I am now. Find me something – something solid. You have access to Janice’s house, comb through it. I need it, and I need it today!”
Chase stuffed both pictures in his back pocket as Sammy questioned him, “Today?”
“Yes, today!”
Sammy started pacing, then she turned on him. “You weren’t the only one who suffered, Chase Manning. You had a little sister at home that needed you, but you couldn’t see past that snot-faced princess of yours!”
She walked out of her house, leaving the door wide open and him dumbfounded, as she got in her car and drove off. Watching as she left the driveway and headed up the road, Chase stepped out onto the porch and pulled the door closed behind him. Instead of answers, all he got from his sister was more questions…
Who’s the little girl? Could she be our sister?
Janice and Pap always treated Samantha like a princess. They adored her, didn’t they?



Chapter 30

|OOO|

Leaving Sammy’s, Chase headed out for his getaway spot. He had to admit, her words stung. She’d felt abandoned by him. He’d never seen it from her perspective. This only added to his misery. He had to have a smoke.
A few miles later, he pulled off the main road to the right and onto an isolated dirt road heading down towards one of the smallest lakes in the area. It was more like a pond than a lake and the road more like a logging road than a dirt road. In the winter, the town closed this road from connecting two of the town roads.
Overwhelmed, he heard himself chuckle; is it possible for a man to lose so much control over his life in such a short period of time?
Managing the steering wheel, he pulled the pictures from his back pocket that he’d gotten from Sammy. As he looked at the unknown child, a thought popped into his head…
King Charles? No… Is it? Nooooo. It can’t be!
He looked from one picture to the other. They were nearly identical but from different generations. Now, as a woman, this King Charles resembled Janice. 
Could she really be my sister?
That’s a stretch, isn’t it?
Grabbing his wallet from the glove box, he slid the pictures inside and threw the wallet on the dash board. He looked up to the narrow dirt road with lined rows of beech, maple, and oak trees hanging over the pathway in a tunnel fashion with streams of sunlight spilling through. Only a few houses were built on this side of the small lake, and they all sat in about a half mile from the dirt road.
Nearly a mile in, Chase turned right. He drove another 300 yards or so down to a log road then straight to the lake’s shore. Getting out of his truck, he looked over to the little cabin with weather-stained cedar shakes for siding. The Smith’s owned the property. They only came in August. Aside from August, Chase claimed the beach area as his own.
He grabbed his pipe, his weed, and a lighter. All were safely tucked under the seat in another self-made compartment.
Chase packed the pipe. Toking up, he listened to the sizzle of the weed burning while deeply inhaling the smoke. Holding long and deep, the smoke suffocated him before it began to escape in choppy wisps through his mouth and nose. After the usual gagging and coughing, he took a few more tokes.
The drinking nearly ruined his marriage so Chase found a safer way to self-medicate. Frankie accused him of “closet smoking.” He didn’t deny it; he just didn’t tell her what he smoked.
Giving the weed a few minutes to work its magic, he took in the sights.
I need a break from it all, if only for a few minutes so I can think. The picture of this unknown little girl… Why would she be with Janice’s mother and dressed like she’s going to be a flower girl in a wedding?
He thought about what the woman had said, the woman with the title of a King, “Find out all you can about Hunter Freeman, he used to live here.”
“Freeman?” Something about the name sounded familiar as he spoke it out loud. The dead man in the lake had been real, so likely this Freeman was real, too.
Just recently, I heard this name, who was it that mentioned the name Freeman?
He remembered being at the Village store when he heard it.
Fitz? No. Julia? No. Hell, who else did I see in the… Yes, Uncle Lou!
Uncle Lou mentioned that a Hunter Freeman was a builder too. So he was a real person and with a history right here in the Village.
He hadn’t wanted to go see Nan before, but now, if anyone knew about people who used to live here, it was Nan. Looking at his eyes in the mirror which were now a bit glassy, he put eye drops in, and using water from the bottle along with sanitary wipes, he scrubbed away the smell from his hands and face. Then to cover up the taste in his mouth, he took a spoonful of peanut butter from the jar that he stashed behind the seat alongside his saltines. He looked in the mirror and pulled down his sunglasses.
Who me? I don’t smoke.
He headed back out to the old logging road. He was going to Nan’s. But first, he needed to load up her new picnic table.

|OOO|

Driving up on the Village store, Chase pulled in to gas up for the morning’s trip to the Harbor tomorrow. Nan’s new picnic table on its face, lying flat in the back of his work truck on an old blanket, was ready for delivery. Several people were parked at the store. It being the weekend, things were busier in the Village. Most of those who arrived pre-season were the richer folk coming to open up their summer homes.
Instead of using his card at the pumps, he went inside to pay cash.
Julia wasn’t working today, just some fluffy lady who taste-tested everything in the store. Chase walked in and immediately put himself next in line, setting three others behind him. No one spoke up. About a dozen were gathered outside and another dozen inside. Most of them kept their eyes to the floor when he entered. He chuckled at their awkwardness towards him. He handed a fifty to the cashier.
The fluffy attendant handed him his change. Chase stuffed a five dollar bill in his pocket and threw the change back on the counter with some bouncing off onto the floor at the cashier’s feet.
Before the woman could smart at him, he headed for the door and yelled over his shoulder, “Have a nice day.”
Starting up the engine, he headed for the T. Taking a right, he heard the phone ring. Hoping it might be Frankie, he answered it.
It wasn’t Frankie.
“Where you going, chap?”
“Who’s this?”
“You would know if you listened to me with your ears and looked at me with your eyes.”
The picture of the small girl played with his head. He took and placed that image on a shelf inside his mind before answering his caller’s question.
“I thought I might take the advice of a madwoman who calls herself a King. I’m goin’ to Nan’s and ask about Hunter Freeman.”
“It’s not what you ask but why you ask, remember what’s at stake.”
Before he could question her about that statement or the picture, she hung up on him.
Either the King is real, or I’m crazy. Maybe both.

|OOO|

Nan must’ve heard his truck coming as she was on the front porch before he even opened his door.
He watched her walk out as he moved from the seat of his truck and stood waiting for her. Nan walked out in a hurry. Her eyes were puffy from crying. He reached out to hold her. She embraced him with the protection of a mother bear and burst into tears.
“What happen’d yesterday, deeyah?”
Reaching down to hug her, he patted her on the back of the head a few times and tried to reassure her. “Some kid I don’t even know dropped off a sweatshirt at the store the other day. Was no big deal, I leave ‘em here and there, but Fitz was at the store and saw everything. For some reason, he seemed threatened by the kid. I didn’t look at the shirt until a while ago, and I was surprised to see that it’s my jersey from high-school.”
Nan pulled back and he hung his head before finishing. “The poor kid got killed Nan, and I feel horrible about it.”
Nan swiped at the tears rolling down her cheeks. “So you think Fitz was behind it all?”
“Yes, I do. I think Fitz had the boy killed, because something about the kid threatened him. Then he wanted to frame the murder on me to control me. They released me without formal charges, and I was told by the lawyer not to worry. There’d be nothing more to come from this except an apology from the PD. They can shove their apology. I guess Fitz doesn’t have the pull he thinks he does. I don’t care about any of that really, except that poor kid. But right now, I’m more worried about losing Frankie over all this.”
“My Frankie loves you, Chase. Love endures all things. Trust me.”
He hugged her again, “Thanks, Nan. I wouldn’t know what to do without you.”
With her hands she grasped his forearms, “We wouldn’t know what to do without you, deeyah.”
“I’d like to ask you a few questions that maybe you can help me with, Nan.”
“Of course, Chase, what is it?”
Turning first to look out over the lake and collect his thoughts, he had a memory flash of Frankie drowning that day when she was little. How he failed to protect her. He pushed the terrible memory away.
“When I first started coming to the Resort as a kid, I had a coupla friends. One of them was a girl named KC. Do you remember her?”
Nan looked to the ground, seemingly searching her memory. Shaking her head, “No.” She repeated her answer again. “No. I don’t believe so. It’s okay, though, I’m getting on in years.”
Chase snickered. “You’re the sharpest lady I know.”
Nan smiled when Chase got to the bigger question at hand, “Do you remember a man by the name of Freeman? Hunter Freeman?”
Nan’s arms dropped as did her mouth. She stared at him as though seeing him for the first time. There weren’t too many things that took her off guard, but this name did.
His face twisted with concern, “Nan?”
Turning away from him, she stumbled slightly. He reached out and steadied her. He gave her a moment as she stood, looking over the lake. She looked like a woman who stepped through a portal and into another time dimension. She knew Freeman. And it hurt.
“Did he hurt you in some way, Nan? I’ll killum.”
He stepped up beside her as she waved off his dramatics, “Yes I knew Hunter Freeman.” She stopped and considered her next response. “Has your mother mentioned him?”
“My mother, why?”
She turned to face him. Her eyes said so much more than her words, “He was on the force when my Frank was killed.”
Chase had never met Gramp. He’d died before Chase was born, but Nan had shared so much of him over the years that the man still lived, and, he lived through her.
Chase remembered his conversation with Uncle Lou. “Hmm, that’s strange. Uncle Lou said this Freeman was a builder.”
Nan nodded in the affirmative. “Correct. He was a builder before he became a police officer. His father was also a police officer in the Village. It seems as though Hunter Freeman wanted to be different than his father and do his own thing. But the pressure mounted and even the Village pressed him. So he left his career as a builder and became a police officer.”
“Is that all you can tell me about Hunter Freeman, Nan?”
“He was your mother’s fiancé. They’d announced their engagement in the paper.”
A warning shot off in his mind. Perhaps a discovery he didn’t want to discover but still, the words came gushing through his lips. “What happened, why didn‘t they get married?”
“That, I’m not sure. But he left town soon after my husband was killed. Then soon after Hunter left, your grandparents took your mother to Germany. She married your father there, and they bounced back and forth from there to here a few times with you and your sister.”
Chase really didn’t want to know, but his mouth just kept running, “You happen to remember what year that was?” Knowing there was no need to beat around the bush, as it was written all over his face. “Could he be my father?”
Nan did the math in her head as she studied his features. “Well, he left about eighteen months before you were born.”
Nan searched his face and studied his physique even. Perhaps she was comparing him to this Hunter Freeman.
“Does Freeman have some connection to Gramp’s death?”
Looking apologetic, “I can’t discuss this any further with you right now, Chase.” She turned from him and headed for the cottage. “Now you wait right here, and I’ll return in a jiffy.”
He watched her walk away. She seemed to need a moment.
His mind wandered off to new places. Chase had always sensed that Pap wasn’t his real father. They looked nothing alike. And though his appearance favored his mother’s side, Chase had no resemblance to Pap, not even in expression. And yet, this Hunter Freeman wouldn’t be his father either if he left his mother eighteen months before he was born. Somehow, King Charles had made a connection between himself and this Freeman. She’d been right about things so far.
Nan returned and handed him a glass of iced lemonade. “Why all these questions about a time before you were born, Chase?”
“I don’t have all the answers, Nan, but for the first time in my life, I dare ask. If I don’t find some answers to my past, it may hurt me and Frankie in the future.” Chase bottomed up the glass of lemonade.
Nan smiled. “God be with you, Chase. May He strike the eyes of the enemy with blindness.”
She took his empty glass along with hers and set it on the ground. She looked at him and took both hands.
“The truth sets us free. Truth survives. Don’t be afraid of the truth when it comes, Chase. Everything is in God’s perfect timing, and know that I am prayin’ that God’ll strike down the enemy that oppresses you. When our lives get crazy, God is doing something wonderful in them.”
He pulled back and smiled at the older woman. “I don’t think mine can afford to get much crazier, Nan.”
She chuckled as he pulled her in close and whispered, “Thank you, Nan. And thank you for Frankie.” Chase kissed the top of her head. He watched as she turned, walked back to the cottage, and went inside.
He pulled himself into the truck and backed down to the beach. He unloaded the new picnic table and loaded up the old. On his way home, he dropped off the old one at Cody’s apartment.
He decided on the drive that he would remove the jersey from their home. And he knew just where to take it.

|OOO|

Heading towards the Old Orphanage, he rounded the corner in a light jog from the path leading to his hideaway. With the championship sweatshirt concealed under a light coat, he looked to the building straight ahead and half-expected a surprise.
This had been his place of refuge during childhood. Even today he found solace here. He would stash the sweatshirt in a hiding place, keep it away from his house and hoping to keep all that came with it; far, far away from his wife.
The night-time sky closed in as the remnants of reflection from the sun displayed faded lines of soft pink and baby blues. The mosquitos, usually persistent this time of evening, were scarce due to the cool temperatures. The temperature would continue to drop into the early morning hours.
Chase felt both restlessness and excitement for what the next day would bring. Frankie’s check-in time was at three tomorrow. He’d check the shoreline in the morning hoping to find her there.
As Chase closed in the last few steps to the stairs of the Old Orphanage, Bouncer looked up at him. Something was up, someone was near.
From his right, a woman stepped into his line of sight from the shaded darkness of the forest.
King Charles.

|OOO|

Chase held back as she approached him. She held no threat in her movements, nor did she address him. She simply walked toward him in a casual way. Still, she wore the same clothing as this morning. She smiled as she came to a stand right in front of him.
“There is a time for everything my old friend.”
Chase studied her. They were not old, nor were they friends. Yet those deep hazel eyes spoke of his future. No threat, just certain, that what would be, would be.
She nodded towards his chest, seeing the heavy sweatshirt underneath his light coat as though she had X-ray vision. She repeated, “There’s a time for everything. A time for denial. A time for survival.”
Again, the familiar words from his past. And the sweatshirt seemingly a secret symbol between them all. Chase considered the millions of questions he had, but somehow, in this moment, none of them were important.
Holding his eyes, she spoke as a sister even. “Go. Be with your wife and make it last a lifetime.”
She nodded. Her face revealed both respect and regret as she turned from him and left in the direction that he’d just come from. Chase walked to the steps of the Old Orphanage, stepped up onto the porch, turned, and sat down. He watched as she disappeared into the dusky evening.
Again, his thoughts went to the little girl in the picture.
Maybe?

|OOO|

Chase stashed the jersey in the safe room and then came back around the building. He sensed that Tsar was nearby as he stepped up onto the porch, and put his back to the exterior wall.
Would Tsar show himself? No. Not yet. It’s not time. But soon…
He slid his back down the exterior wall, into a sitting position, and pulled out his packed pipe with a lighter and toked up. Sucking in the smoke as the weed sizzled; he savored the smell of it while his thoughts gave warning.
Your mind conjures up all sorts of things. You’re on the edge, Manning. Watch it.
Pushing the voice aside, his thoughts turned to his wife. Tomorrow, he would see her. He would heed the advice of a King who was a woman. He would do his very best to make it last a lifetime, because it was almost over, and he knew this – without knowing – how he knew this…



Chapter 31

|XXX|

Tsar watched from the shadows.
Manning had his dog nearby. He leaned back into the building and settled after inhaling the mind-dulling smoke.
Tsar waited. He watched.
Manning finally rested into a slumber.
Tsar took the lead and headed for Manning’s house.

|XXX|

Standing inside Manning’s garage, Tsar heard Sylar enter through the side door just before midnight. Without turning in Sylar’s direction, Tsar continued his visual sweep of the garage in search of the sweatshirt. His frustration was mounting after having searched the workshop first and found nothing. In addressing Sylar, Tsar would be careful to use only his native tongue while inside Manning’s garage.
“Did you tamper with the house surveillance?”
Sylar responded in English. “No, sir. Absolutely not.”
All video footage from inside the house since Francine Manning left had been sabotaged. Tsar didn’t have the opportunity to view the day and evenings events. Using the computer monitor to review the footage, there was none. He suspected that the woman was responsible, King Charles. Likely when she knocked him out with the gun, she took it upon herself to reset the equipment. This made it impossible for him to follow Manning through the house and grounds to find the jersey.
Walking over to Manning’s work bench, he recalled the magazine left on the floor of the Jr. Command. The King having dropped it as though it were a calling card; the page dog-eared with he and Butterfly in pose-mode.
Tsar called out to Sylar from under the work bench as he pulled out a few drawers continuing to use his native language. “Maybe a power surge earlier.”
Realizing that the drawers were only deep and wide enough to hold nuts and bolts added to his increasing irritation as he yelled out to the Captain. “Replace the monitor in my office.” Bending over, he twisted his neck to see if Manning had stuffed the shirt in any of the shelves underneath the drawers. No sweatshirt but…
Hmm. What’s this?
Sylar, responded to Tsar’s order to replace the monitor, “Yes, sir. I’ll take care of it.”
A heavy electrical cord under the drawers was plugged into the wall. Tsar followed it down the wall, through a hole drilled into the floor, and then out… but to… where?
Odd.
“Yes, see to it right away, Captain.”
Frustrated in general with all the turn of events; KC had far more control then Tsar was prepared for. Francine had run off, making it harder to keep tabs on her, and when he looked for answers, he only found more questions; like this damn electrical cord!
Remembering what KC said about Sylar’s infatuation for Manning’s wife; Tsar stopped looking for the sweatshirt and pulled himself up to full height turning toward Sylar. Narrowing his eyes on the man, he spewed out in his native tongue some of the paranoia and frustration that the past twenty-four hours had thrown at him. “I am not convinced I can trust you.”
Sylar stared directly into Tsar’s eyes without blinking and responded in English, “I choose what I die for.”
Sylar’s intense and immediate response caused Tsar to smirk spontaneously. Tsar studied the man’s body language and, in particular, the resolution in his eyes. Sylar glared with certainty right back at him.
Instead of a direct answer, Sylar responded with a strong statement, ludicrous but strong. Network members and associates died for the Network, in the Network, or by the Network. There were no choices.
Without explaining his intense response, Sylar inquired as a butler would. “Is there anything else, sir?”
He studied Downs for a brief moment; his intense response had been noble. Downs appeared to Tsar in that moment, a bit of a mystery, perhaps even hard to profile. His responses and body language did not suggest any deception but instead, obedience. But why he thought he could choose anything within his association to the Network was both amusing and gutsy. He wasn’t sure… but Sylar had just impressed him.
Tsar nodded affirmatively without responding to Sylar’s statement. Speaking again in his native tongue, he confirmed the rendezvous location and details to Sylar for the Summer Solstice for the following weekend. He returned to using English when he ordered him, “Be on standby during the event.”
“Yes, sir.”
The man was without a doubt smitten with Francine Manning. Although he was used as a courier to and fro like the rest of the pawns; Tsar had come to realize that Captain Downs did not partake of the same sadistic pleasures as most.
With no other words, Tsar dismissed the Captain with an intense glare and a slow nod of the head.
After the door closed behind Sylar, Tsar did one more visual sweep of the garage for any hint of the jersey.
Nothing.
He headed back to the Old Orphanage.

|XXX|

The trophy shirt may only be a game piece to King Charles and a sore memory for Manning, but to Tsar, that sweatshirt represented the only freedom he experienced in his entire youth. Even if only for a few hours, that blink of freedom was his key to survival for the next 15 years to come.
Stepping up onto the front porch of the Old Orphanage, Tsar took one last look around before trying the door. He saw no one. He heard nothing but the screeching sound of crickets and the squawking of frogs. The wind had died down to a light breeze. The sound of leaves rustled in the distance, chased by the light breeze and headed his way.
Not feeling another presence, Tsar scanned the area quickly as a precaution. Nothing.
Twisting the door knob, it was locked. He snapped open his knife and worked the lock. Like magic, it opened.
Closing the door, he pulled out a mini flashlight, switched it on, and kept it aimed downward. The building smelled of must and dead mice, but otherwise, it was clear of any trash and vandalism.
He heard scurrying and scratchy movement. Using his flashlight, he followed the sound to a hole in the wall where mice burrowed their way back inside. The nerve endings in his neck turned ice cold. Taking a moment to shake off the icy feeling, he forced himself to think past the mice. Dead mice were okay, live ones terrified him.
Tsar checked the rooms on all levels, every nook and cranny. Nothing. No sweatshirt.
His mind whirled in frustration when he heard a distant tapping. The sound was coming from beneath him. He may not find his sweatshirt tonight, but if there was someone in the building or in the channels, he wanted to know who, and he wanted to know why.
He opened the door leading to the basement and started down the stairs. Reaching the lower level, he searched the surroundings. A commoner would only see a basement. But according to the building’s schematics, there were closets in here. One of them would lead to a secret entry into the underground channels. Feeling slightly mystified, Tsar could not remember which closet.
Finally, moving to the last of the four closets, he turned the levers on both the right and left of the pocket door. The levers looked like hooks to hang coats, but when turned from their upward way to the sides, the pocket door would slide to the right. He slid the door open and stepped onto rough-shaped cement stairs. Pulling the pocket door nearly back to a closed position, he moved down one more level, down into the channels.
Tsar pushed past the unexplained anxiety that seized him about these particular channels, when he heard distant tapping sounds.

|XXX|

Tap, tap, tap. Tap, tap, tap.
The sounds were moving. A sense of excitement made his heartbeat quicken. Tsar followed the sound with his mini flashlight shining the way. The sound of tapping took him several hundreds of feet deeper into the channels, and he found himself becoming disoriented. He wasn’t sure if the disorientation was caused because of the rhythm of the tapping, or because the tapping seemed to change directions as he moved closer.
His journey towards the tapping finally ended with an open door – not far from the training room in the underground… bunker?
With all the twists and turns, Tsar was off balance and confused as to how he ended up near the Bunker, no longer in the channels but now in the tunnels. The sound of tapping was the second time that confirmed there was indeed activity on the Northside, the first being the small shadow reported by Gloves.
Or maybe this is Gloves still searching the tunnels, or maybe it’s a trap?
Without hesitation, he took his chances and advanced toward the tapping sounds.
In front of an open door Tsar saw a shadow, a twelve foot shadow. As he moved closer, the shadow shrunk to that of a young child. Gloves had reported a small shadow and so this must be it.
The small shadow offered no acknowledgement of Tsar before disappearing inside the open door, leaving the door open behind him.
This is definitely a trap.
The Colonel’s words sounded off in his thoughts; …locate any incriminating evidence that Chase Manning may hide.
Tsar proceeded cautiously. He may not succeed in finding his trophy sweatshirt tonight, but the Colonel would certainly be pleased should he find and secure any possible incriminating evidence that Manning may’ve stored within the dark places of the underground.
Tsar walked to the open door. The sound of tapping now ceased. No person and no shadow in sight. He noticed the door had a deadbolt. He leaned in for a closer look as he held the door from closing.
His eyes roamed the small area, there was nowhere for someone to hide – but there was another bolted door directly at the other end of the room. He listened carefully. No sounds.
The shadow must’ve gone through that second door. He or she is either waiting quietly on the other side or made an exit from the other side.
With the door still open, he rechecked his simple gear; a headlamp, mini-flashlight, lighter, and a knife. He pulled out his pocket knife and placed it on the floor to obstruct the door from closing tightly behind him. He switched on his headlamp.
A large walk-in closet, both side walls lined with floor to ceiling shelves, some empty and some with lose papers scattered. Cautiously, Tsar entered the small room walking past shelves and filing cabinets before reaching the second door. He reached out and tried the knob.
Locked.
Trying the bolt. Double-locked.
He rapped on the back door a few times waiting for a response. Nothing. He looked around the room; a room filled with Records and Files.
Files about what, or rather, whom?

|XXX|

“Secure only and do not engage.”
Tsar lowered his head for a moment and considered the Colonel’s command.
First, I need to find out if any incriminating files against the Network even exist… Feeling justified, he pulled up a few of the loose papers scattered on the shelves and looked at them.



Gibberish.
Tsar returned the notes to the top of the pile with the other scattered papers and then turned to the other shelves. More loose notes. He pulled down a handful and rummaged through them. More gibber. He returned the papers to the shelves.
And while loose papers were scattered upon the shelves; the filing cabinets appeared to be more organized, more official. Standing on each side of the Double-Locked door and facing him, the filing cabinets stood like gargoyles.
Again the Colonel’s voice, this time with warning… Secure only do not engage.
Again, Tsar lowered his head and shook it. Taking a moment’s pause, he decided to put aside the warning. Convinced that whatever he might discover in these filing cabinets would please the Colonel and push them forward in their agenda of executive control.
He shifted his eyes to the one and only unfiled folder that lay on top of the filing cabinet.
Dated June 11: He opened the folder and read the subject page:

Location: Phoenix Center, LakeRidge
Incident: Chief Fitz and William Ked crossed paths.
June 13: Ked is dead.

Tsar nodded to himself as he remembered once again the heated conversation with King Charles and Ked the night he was killed;

“If Fitz ties you into our target, things’ll get very complicated; he might get the wrong idea that he’s the one we’re targeting…”

Speaking as though King Charles were in the room with him, “So I guessed right then. When Fitz recognized Ked trying to make contact with Manning at the store that morning, he made a connection. A connection that got Ked killed due to your attempt at a power play between me and Manning with MY damn jersey! A stupid and fatal move on your part.”
Dropping the folder back on top of the cabinet, he laid his hand over it and took a moment, considering once again the Colonel’s command. He took a few deep breaths knowing he was walking the line when his hand lifted and moved of its own accord.
Watching his hand move as though it were someone else’s, and yet he could feel his own fingertips slip under the cool metal handle and pull the file drawer open.
Never having violated his duty to the Colonel, an internal struggle continued to pursue him. He bartered within his own mind to justify this violation, or not to justify. Perhaps it was just another test. Perhaps it wasn’t.
And I may die a slow and painful death.
He took a deep breath and urged himself in spite of the warnings. Although he could not justify disobeying a direct order no matter how he let the impending end result play out in his mind, he pulled out that first folder.

|XXX|

Tsar stood. He felt a bit of forbidden excitement stir in his gut as he stared down at the birth record of ahh, umm… Chase… ahh, what? Chase Freeman?
Freeman? Chase Freeman and not Chase Manning?
King Charles had referred to Tsar as Freeman.
But he didn’t trust King Charles.
Do I?
He studied the date of Manning’s birth and was certain that this was not Manning’s real birth date. He looked over the legal document, memorizing it all before returning it and then pulled out the second, third, and fourth file; each file with its own label…

Mitchell Freeman
Lucinda Leigh
Samantha Manning

He noticed the way that the label was written on Lucinda’s file, written in block style.

L U C I N D A

A mental image of small hands began to move in front of him, shifting wooden block-letters around…

L U C I A N D

“Lucian.” That’s what the royal witch called me.
Tsar had no idea of what he was expecting to find in this closet-sized room when he first walked in, but birth records would not have been anywhere on his list. Wetting his thumb and forefinger, he pulled out the documents on Mitchell Freeman and looked at his birth record. Stapled to the back of Mitchell Freeman’s birth record was an index card.

1988. Died in house fire.

Tsar looked again to the birth certificate, found the date of birth for Mitchell Freeman, and compared it to that of Chase Manning’s. His utter shock was interrupted by the sound of his knife spinning across the floor towards him, and the door behind him closing firmly with a clunk, followed by another sound…
A sliding deadbolt.



Chapter 32

|OOO|

Chase made the four hour trip to the Harbor and arrived at 10 a.m..
Climbing out of bed this morning, his head felt heavier than usual. After stashing the sweatshirt last night, he sat on the porch, leaned his back against the wall, and dozed off for a brief time like in his childhood days. Having smoked a little too much weed, he barely remembered the walk home.
He looked down at his watch before scanning along the edge of the sandy beach; 11:49 a.m.. A steady, cool breeze skimmed the ocean’s surface as he tugged the bottom of his dark tan t-shirt. He pocketed his hands into army-green canvas shorts. Staying between the ocean’s edge and the beach where the waves wet and compressed the sand, helped to steady his balance.
His wife was nowhere in sight.
Before leaving the house, he shut off his phone and pulled out the battery – no interruptions. He had tucked the unopened gift that had sat for days on his dresser inside his backpack, their anniversary gift.
Chase had checked the rental cabin five times already hoping to see her SUV parked in the driveway. Nothing yet. Check-in time was after 3 p.m.. Scouting along the beach for higher ground, he headed for a cluster of boulders mounded high and just south of the cabin. From there, he’d have an aerial view.

|OOO|

In the distance, he spotted a small person sitting on the beach with what was either a large blanket folded up long ways beside the person, or a… Warden! His pulse quickened at the sight of them.
Excitement mixed with hesitation as his hands began to tremble. He feared rejection, he feared humiliation, but most of all, he feared losing her.
He picked up his pace a little, the best he could as his feet moved clumsily through the sand. He moved his way closer to the wet area once again where he could move a little faster. With about a hundred yards between them, he let his eyes discreetly roam the edges above in the distance. She was being watched, he could feel it. A weight appeared in his gut.
Of about a dozen people looking down onto the beach, he noted three men standing at different locations and all with similar stances.
Watch dogs.
Pushing aside his juvenile fear of rejection, he advanced toward his wife wondering why three watchdogs had her in their sights. By the way she sat there; she was completely oblivious to them.
Staring out over the endless ocean scenery about twenty-five feet from the water’s edge, he watched how she dug her feet into the wet sand. Sitting there safely, holding her knees to her chest with one arm while petting Warden with her free arm, deep in thought and vulnerable. His wife always sheltered and naïve to the ways of this world.
I want to keep you that way, babydoll. And I’m not sure if knowing is better than not knowing… but. The Shelter rule. Never tell. Never confess. And now, I’ve been arrested for murder. I have rivals and prostitutes from my past coming right into our house. There’s so much danger around you, Frankie, that if I share some things with you, will at least put you on guard. Hopefully keep you safe.
What to do? When and how to do it?
Frankie had badgered him for the first few years of their marriage to have children. Chase desperately wanted to make her happy, and yet the memories of the Shelter’s children had hovered in his subconscious throughout their marriage. Would their children suffer like those in the Shelter had? He couldn’t chance it.
He rechecked the surroundings one more time before coming within her peripheral perimeter. Looking back to the three watchdogs in different locations, they had watched him as he advanced. Chase felt for his knife.
Check.
He gestured toward them by making fists before crossing his arms over his chest, and with a swift motion; he threw his arms out, displaying open hands, and held his position… waiting. The response was immediate. Each one nodded acknowledgement, and then turned away. One by one, they left in three different directions.
Chase stiffened his arms to his side and smirked.
King Charles. She’d sent them.
She had assured him, “I will only tell you that she is fine.”
Chase turned to his wife and pushed all of the strange happenings around him far from his mind and far from them. Feeling safe, he began to close the fifty yards between them. His anxiety was returning, but with it, came a sense of relief. Relief because she was there, she was safe, and that she was his. He felt a sob of sweet emotion rise up in his chest.
Within the last few feet before he reached her, she caught him from her peripheral. Turning in his direction, a gentle smile formed on her face at the sight of him.
“Hello, Frankie,” his voice steadier than his heart.
She pushed her sunglasses from her face and settled them to the top of her head before she spoke, “Hello, Chase.”
Moving to the front of her, he put out his hands. She reached out and took them. The touch of her hands against his own created a stir in his soul. He pulled her to her feet and slowly drew her close to his chest, wrapping his arms around her tightly.
“You left me, so I followed you.”
With a mixture of light laughter and gentle sobs, “I left a trail.”
His chest heaving to keep his own sobs in check, he declared, “I love you.”
With the sun shining down upon them and others passing them by, he gently rocked his wife back and forth in his arms.
She kissed his neck, “I love you, too.”
If he were to lose his life this very day, he’d already lived a married life more beautiful than most men would in eighty years.



Chapter 33

|OXO|

Having a late breakfast, Frankie made Chase a two-egg omelet with goat cheese, garlic, and tomato. Unaccustomed to breakfast, Frankie noted that his usual mannerisms were more relaxed. He seemed to be making extra efforts to please her. She, too, wanted him to enjoy this time. Their lovemaking the past few days had been possessive, yet passionate. They walked through the historical park for hours yesterday, a beautiful and romantic time together.
She grabbed his hand and touched the smooth surface of his ring. Before she could look up at him, he also gently took her hand and moved it to his lips, kissing her ring. “I’m so relieved that you like it, Frankie.”
“Like it? I love it! Thank you, Chase.”
Frankie left him with a wink, picked up her beach bag, and headed toward the porch. Chase, at her heels, reached over and held open the screen door leading to the porch as she stepped out. Frankie swiped up the beach chair with her free hand and following close behind was her forever faithful Warden.
Chase followed Frankie outside, “Go ahead down, babydoll. I’m gonna get some rest here on the porch and sleep off some of that breakfast before we go do the tourist thing in town.”
“Oh? So my cooking made you sleepy? It’s not even eleven yet, dear.”
“Well, we are on vacation.”
Frankie winked as she left for the sandy beach, “Come get me when you wake up.”
With a change in his light tone to more of a command, “Keep Warden next to you. No wandering about, Frankie, and I mean it.”
Using a mildly sarcastic tone, “Yes, dear. I promise, dear.”
Things were turning out just as she’d hoped when she first booked this vacation. Better even. She practically skipped with joy.
With six hundred feet of frontage and natural buffers on both sides, the place was private and picturesque. As a vacation home, the owners were not there. The ocean-front property had three cabins along with the main house. Chase and Frankie would be the only ones staying until Friday night. The owners, who were also friends to the Silverton’s, lived in Boston and came up at times on the weekends.
Frankie was quite pleased that Chase made little to no argument as she snapped photos over the past few days, hundreds of them. Chase had even allowed a passerby to snap photos of the two of them with the ocean in the background. Their lost anniversary night, would now be lost itself, in the shadow of their beautiful week here in Maine.
Settling in the chair, she looked back to see her husband still watching. She waved him off as he headed to the front porch for his nap. She looked forward to seeing him wear his official tourist flip-flops for their afternoon adventure.

|OXO|

Having traveled from their cottage north, they stopped around 2 p.m.. Chase had wanted to check out a museum with a large selection of antique tools. Frankie was delighted to find a used-book store in close proximity. Chase dropped her off to do some browsing while he did his.
Warden had not been too happy to be left behind at the cottage, yet it was too hot to sit in the SUV.
They agreed to meet up at 3:45; Chase would meet her at the bookstore. From there, they were going to an ocean-side restaurant for an early dinner.
Frankie had browsed through several books and, 45 minutes later, had chosen a few for herself, and a few for Nan. She placed them on the counter. The store had an entire section of Christian books written by renowned Christian authors concerning prayer life, study guides on Revelation, and her favorite; fiction by Francine Rivers. She chose one of her books titled, Redeeming Love. Nan would like the choice of authors that Frankie chose for her; Dr. David Jeremiah, Adrian Rogers, and Chuck Swindoll.
She also wanted to find a book on spiritual warfare, a subject her grandmother had often brought attention to. She left her purchases sitting on the counter and browsed quickly through one more time – when a title caught her attention:

“THE RED DRAGON CAST DOWN”

Frankie felt a pull from both ends. She felt God nudging her to discovery, and she felt the need to avoid that book like a satanic plague. She went with the nudge…
Opening the book, she turned to page 101. She read from there to the beginning of page 103; “Violence in Columbia.”
As she continued to read, repulsion filled her with such heaviness that she felt her knees weaken. She could feel her face furrow with repugnance. She put the book back on the shelf.
God! Do these things really happen?
She wiped her hands on her waist; touching the book alone tainted her sense of innocence.
Distracted by what she read, she didn’t remember walking to the checkout counter when the clerk spoke and startled her, “Will that be all, ma’am?”
Frankie nodded yes as she paid the clerk. He bagged the dozen or so books, and she thanked him. Turning, she headed for the exit. She felt drawn to take a glance back at the book, having left it just where she’d found it, on the shelf. And yet the toxicity from the words she’d read would follow in a close distance, like hovering minions preparing to strike.

|OXO|

They sat overlooking the ocean, having their early dinner. Her free-spiritedness had left her, replaced by the burden of the book which had followed her. She had left it on the shelf, but the message had not only followed… but it clung to her. Chase noticed the change.
“Hey, woman.” His eyes studied her face. “What happened to you? I left you at the bookstore with eyes wide like a child in a candy store, and when I picked you up, it was as though you lost your best friend.”
She straightened herself in the seat and switched her focus. “I’m sorry, Chase. I know we have some things to talk about, and I been dreading it because I never want this week to end.” She could never share with anyone what she’d read in that book left on the shelf. Well, maybe Joseph or Julia. Certainly not Chase and that made her even more uncomfortable.
Why couldn’t I?
Chase looked at her, and with a half a grin, his eyes saddened. “I know, babe. But for now, let’s enjoy this okay? It’s costing us a fortune.”
She could’ve had a greasy burger and been happier. “Thanks, Chase, it’s delicious.”
Her husband had shrimp and pappardelle pasta with portabella mushrooms. Frankie had Lobster served out of the shell with whipped potatoes. They both drank iced tea.
When the waiter came with the dessert menu, they declined and instead agreed to get a hot fudge sundae at the harbor later in the evening. They ordered coffees to go. Frankie had iced coffee with cream, and Chase had hot, black coffee.
They paid their tab and walked out onto the long pier. The restaurant extended its hospitality, accommodating guests with “over the ocean” seating but without food or drink service. A little after 4 p.m. and still early for the dinner crowd, they enjoyed the entire pier to themselves.
The ocean was calm with waves that rolled in steadily like a heartbeat underneath them. The gentle, yet constant breeze drifted a steady stream of salt-dipped air. The rolling waves lapped at the shore as seagulls landed on the rails at a distance. Other seagulls walked about freely on the pier sounding off their nasally squawks.
Chase stood with his strong back to her, leaning over the rail. His attention focused over the endless stretch of water as Frankie sipped her iced coffee through a straw and studied him. She loved him. No matter what and forever, she loved him.
A haunting drifted inside her mind, “Even if he’s one of the murderers that you read about in that book?”
A cold chill traveled up her spine and sent her body into a short spasm.
Chase seemed to sense her intensity as he turned to her. “What is it, babydoll?”
“Nothing. Everything. I don’t know for sure, Chase.”
He took her hand. “Come on. Let’s try to make some sense of what’s going on. The good, the bad, and the ugly.”
With that, he puckered and curled his lips with uncertainty. They began the walk back from the long stretch of pier, heading for uncertain places with an uncertain ending.

|OXO|

Around 5:30 p.m., Frankie and Chase returned to their ocean side cabin, collected Warden, and headed to the beach. Chase walked slightly ahead of her and came to a stop overlooking the ocean.
Frankie came to a still next to him. She let Warden off the leash and warned him to stay close as she took her husband’s hand. This being the warmest part of the day, the sun behind them, perfected the temperature, mid-seventies. A steady, yet soft ocean breeze set a peaceful atmosphere.
Chase looked to her and dropped her hand as he reached in his back pocket and took out his wallet. He pulled out a picture, two pictures. He handed one to Frankie.
He cleared his throat and started. “Some strange things surfaced in the few days that you were gone from the Village, babe, strange things about my family. I had no one else to turn to, so I went to Samantha to see if she had any answers about our childhood because my memories are so vague. She gave me this. She found it in Janice’s mothers old Bible.”
Frankie studied the picture. She recognized the old lady as Janice’s mother. The setting was very eerie, something one would see on the front cover of a horror book. The little girl seemed almost zombied. She resembled Chase in his younger pictures. Chase handed her the other picture. “This is Janice when she was a child.”
Frankie was utterly stunned at the similarities yet held her questions. She didn’t want to discourage him.
“Sammy isn’t certain and neither am I, but we both consider that wherever this little girl is today, that she might be our sister. These next few weeks may be about discovery and trials, so hang in there with me, babe. I can’t remember much before I met you and Nan. And I don’t know why.”
Frankie gave him a sad smile but kept silent in spite of the mind-blowing discovery. She watched Chase tear the picture of his mother into many pieces. Then he twisted a hole with his foot into the sand, bent over, and buried all the pieces. Yet, he tucked the picture of the little girl safely back in his wallet.
“I have picture memories and only a few of ‘em from when I was a kid. And I think those memories actually came from pictures that I’ve seen of myself when I was younger. They may not even be real memories.”
Frankie turned away from him and into the breeze that brushed back the hair from her face. The intensity in her eyes would’ve dissuaded him from saying more.
“It gets worse, more complicated even. But first I need to know that you will stand by me.” She felt him touch her face, urging her to look at him, “Will you, Frankie? Will you stand by me?”
She took his hand, and made intense eye contact. Turning back out to the ocean, she repeated her vows. “Til death do us part. That’s what we promised, right?”
“Yes, we did, Frankie. Go ahead. You start. It’s all so crazy, I don’t know where to begin.”
She looked over her shoulder at him as he stood to her right. She knew that while he may be willing to answer questions, certain questions would shut him down. She vied for the easier questions first.
Looking back to the ocean, she watched as Warden’s attention went from her and Chase back to the flying seagulls and the little moving treasures on the beach. She voiced her first question. “That kid that gave you the sweatshirt at the Village store, did you know him?”
Chase tugged at her hand as he motioned for them to sit. The sand where they stood was not wet as they were far enough from the water’s edge. Once they’d both settled on the sandy beach, Chase answered, “No, I’d never seen him before that day, Frankie, not that I remember at least.”
She nodded quietly for a moment and considered her next question as she made great effort to keep the edge from her tone, “When I dropped the replacement checks off the other day, I noticed your high school jersey behind the seat, Chase. You said that you’d left it in Germany. How’d it end up here then? And that sleazy woman from the restaurant, she called you Tsar. I know you said that you didn’t know her, but what’s the chance that on the same day some kid brought you a jersey that you’d last seen in Germany, is also the same day some trampy woman in a public place speaks to you in German while addressing you as ‘Tsar?’”
He blew out a long exhale, and placed his hands flat in the sand beside him. After a moment, her husband pulled his hands from the ground, turned them over, and looked at them as though he needed to be certain that they were his own. He balanced himself once again with his hands flat on the sand and replied.
“Frankie doll, please never say that name again. I’m not sure why, but it really messes with my head when I hear it. But I’ll tell you what I know.”
She wasn’t sure how to react to his response so she kept quiet.
He pulled his head up and stared out over the water as he spoke. “I don’t think it’s a coincidence. It also is not something I can explain. I’m not sure of the best order to share the things that I do know, so, I’ll just ramble on as it comes to me, okay?”
Frankie kept her voice calm and steady, as the churning continued in her gut. “Go on, babe.”
She watched the profile of her husband as he began his story from the age of fourteen, when he’d first met this boy; now a man called, “Tsar.”
Without knowing what Chase would share, she realized that whatever it was – their lives would never be the same.

|OXO|

Chase scratched his head. “I was about 14 and asleep somewhere on a strange island. I heard noises and didn’t know where I was. I had a hard time waking up. That happened a lot during this time. Now that I’m older, I think they drugged grape juice and made us drink it. I heard some kid moaning, and it roused me from my sleep. After some time had passed I finally could process things, and my last memory had been in a study or a testing room at camp where everyone spoke German. I’m not sure but we may have been in Germany. My memory is foggy.”
Frankie looked back and forth from her husband to the ocean as he struggled to tell the story. She kept her emotions in check as he started. The thought that children were forced drugs, anywhere for any purpose, was inconceivable. But for him to continue, she had to at least appear neutral and emotionally disconnected so that he would continue. He kept his gaze steady looking out over the ocean. Mentally, it was as though he’d left her and was transported back to his youth.
“I found this kid. At first, I thought other kids played a prank, took off all of his clothes and hog-tied him with leather binds. But I realized as soon as I got close and saw him, how little he was. Nothin’ but skin ‘n bones. He was dying. I pulled out my knife to cut him free and yelled for help. The kid was too weak to speak, he mumbled in another language. He couldn’t sit up and no way he was gonna stand. I kept yellin’ and yellin’ for help when someone came up behind me.”
Chase lowered his head and pulled in slightly as he clawed with his left hand in the sand. Getting a fistful, he watched as the sand slowly poured back into the hole he’d just dug.
“A kid with camouflage paint masking his face came up behind me. But he didn’t come to help; instead, he tried to kill me. The next thing I remember was waking up in the camps infirmary. I don’t even know how many days I was there. Pap was mad as hell at me. Apparently it wasn’t a prank, but this kid was a threat – some sorta terrorist threat.”
Chase sneered with disgust. “Me and the painted-face kid who tried to kill me, we were both charged with aiding and abetting a terrorist. It was all a lie. The kid I tried to help wasn’t a terrorist; he was just a boy, a boy like me. I got four years of detention in minimal isolation and then four years of military duty for imaginary charges.”
Chase broke his trance and looked over at his wife for the first time since he’d started speaking. His head tilted as he cast his eyes downward telling her, without words, that he was not only allowing her to respond – but that he wanted her to.
Frankie was hurt, even a little angry by the confession, but kept it from her tone. “We’ve been married for ten years, and I never knew you were in the military.”
“I told you, babe. I told you I was out traveling the world, waiting for you to turn eighteen so we could be married. I didn’t give you specifics, because I wanted to protect you, but more than that, I didn’t want to jeopardize our future by my past, a past that was tainted with so much deception.”
“Which force did you join?”
“The Navy. I did my time so that I could get back to you and Nan. I was the best at whatever they put me to. Mostly, they worked my skills with numbers.”
Frankie had to stifle her mixed emotions to keep the conversation moving forward. Scratching the back of her neck, “Was this painted-face kid there as well, in the Navy?”
“I don’t know for sure. It was better not to ask questions.”
“What happened to the kid that you cut free on the island in Germany?”
“The whole thing was most likely a setup. Everything on the island was a test. Nothing was what it really was. They messed with our heads. While I was in minimum security, I got to go to school, sports, and work. The painted-face kid was in maximum security the entire four years before I went into the service. I only saw him a few times that I remember and mostly at a distance. His face was always painted like a warrior. It was weird, but damn, so was my life.”
“No one ever told you what happened to that poor, dying kid, Chase?”
He looked over at her and with a sad grin, “No. But I have these dreams. Sometimes I’m not sure. Maybe… ahh… umm, maybe they’re not dreams. I dunno, babe.”
The book on the shelf seemed to punch into her thoughts. She kept her voice steady still, “What happened after you served your time in the Navy?”
“I had to report to the Administrator back on the base in Germany after my four year military term was done. Just as the Administrator signed off and walked out, a woman carrying my sweatshirt strolled by and opened the door to what we referred to as ‘The Hall of Isolation.’ She obstructed the door from closing by placing an object on the floor.”
“Why would she have your sweatshirt? Was she a girlfriend?” Frankie asked this hastily before filtering it.
Chase looked at her and with a knowing smile; he answered her with a wink, “No. She was not a girlfriend, I assure you. Like I told you before, I’d left the jersey behind in the ceremonies hall, not caring what happened to it, or the trophy.”
“Why would you do that? Pap said you were amazing that day.”
Chase sneered. “Pap had his own agenda and it only ever served him.”
Chase pulled out his switchblade and then repositioned himself on the sand. He stretched out his legs and leaned into her, supporting himself on his elbow. “The lady baited me by leaving this knife.” He turned it back and forth for Frankie to see.
Frankie scrunched her face in curiosity, “Why?” Part of her felt a twinge of jealousy. She was not used to her husband fraternizing in any way with other women. But this time she held her tongue.
“Because this is the same knife that Pap gave me for my thirteenth birthday. And this is the knife I used to the cut the kid free. They must’ve taken it for evidence or something. How the woman was connected to it all, I’m not sure, not even now. As I reached down to remove the obstacle so the door would close, I realized that it was this knife. Then I heard a deep voice chanting down the Hall of Isolation. I was scared that whoever’s voice it was might screw up everything, including my freedom. And yet I had to be sure that whoever it was, would leave me be so that I could come back to the Village and live a good life with you, as my wife. I didn’t want my past to threaten us.” Chase reached over and softly kissed her lips. “I still don’t.”
Frankie winked at him, “Not a chance, babe.”
He turned his focus back out over the ocean. Frankie’s eyes followed his as the long riding tides washed up onto the beach as Chase continued.
“The youth center was only to hold us until we were eighteen. They couldn’t force us into the military, but they could make it so if we didn’t join, they would always watch us. I just figured that he had also been released, either into the free world or into the military like me.” Chase took a deep breath now. “But he was there that day in the Hall of Isolation, and it looked like he’d never left.”
Hearing alarm in his tone, Frankie turned towards Chase, and after briefly hesitating, he turned and met her gaze. She could see the intensity in his face. She feared he may lose his resolve to finish so she broke their mutual gaze, turned back to look out over the ocean, and asked him, “What did you see, Chase?”
“I walked to the end of the hall, he was in a cell, and caged like an animal. He was no longer a boy but a man and more powerful than I could’ve ever imagined. Whatever they did to him while I was away had turned him into a savage, chanting like a mad man. And I knew I was in some way responsible for it, though not intentionally. And so while I continued to live a pretty normal life, he was caged up like an animal, blamed for something that I actually did and charged as a criminal by the U.S. Military.”
“Do you know what became of him?”
When he didn’t answer, she looked over at him. His eyebrows furrowed as his face filled with a hint of fear even.
“He’s here, Frankie. Well, ugh… I mean.” He shook his head. “He’s in the Village. So is the woman who had the jersey, the one that had baited me with the knife. They’re both in the Village.”
Frankie felt a squeeze in the pit of her gut. Her entire posture froze in alarm while her eyes roamed discreetly to the left and to the right.
What!
She remembered the different sized foot prints out back of Chase’s workshop. These things she would keep to herself, hoping to resolve some of it first, before sending her husband into complete hysteria. Trying to keep the fear from her tone, she asked him, “Have you seen these people in the Village, Chase?”
Patting his thigh, he answered her. “Yes and no. Lemme say that I’ve never seen the man’s face the few times he’s been within my sight. Like I said, he keeps it painted. I thought maybe he did that because he was grossly scarred or something. But recently I saw his photo. I think now I know why he keeps it painted, at least when he’s around me. And yes I’ve seen the woman. She’s hardened for a female, military perhaps. She has a commanding presence and a perfect British accent, though I’d say she could have any accent she chose and can probably speak a dozen different languages.”
He looked over challenging Frankie to meet his eyes, and she did. With a quick, soft chuckle he finished, “And she don’t take no shit.”
Frankie felt herself shrink some on that note. By Chase’s own description, even he felt a sense of inferiority around this woman. A bit of relief; it certainly wasn’t the same woman from the restaurant the other night. She was a harlot through and through.
“What’s the woman’s name, Chase, do you know?”
Chase turned and looked directly at Frankie with a smirk, “She goes by the pseudo-name of King Charles.”
“King Charles?” Frankie couldn’t help but chuckle in spite of the seriousness of their situation. “How befitting for a woman with a commanding presence.” Frankie continued to chuckle at the royal title, and turning to Chase, he began to chuckle along with her.
“Is she dangerous?”
He shrugged his shoulders. “Yeah. She could be given the right circumstances I suppose. But I get the feeling that you’d never have to worry about her.”
Frankie raised her eyebrows almost flattered by the statement.
“That’s… interesting. And what about the painted-face man, do you think he’s dangerous?”
He nodded without hesitating, “Yes, and he seems full of vengeance. So you be careful and no more running off damn it!”
He looked over at her and raised his eyebrows looking for a response.
She nodded quickly to affirm, hoping he’d continue but he didn’t. He stood up and reached down for her hand.
“Do you understand, Frankie? I don’t want you runnin’ off again like you did. I told you all this because there may be some level of danger. And according to what Nan teaches about the Bible, God expects me to protect you, so lemme do my job. Understood?”
She took his hand and he pulled her up. He turned and whistled for Warden.
Their conversation abruptly ended.

|OXO|

They had returned to the cabin and were sitting quietly on the front porch. Frankie had done her best not to push him, fighting against the urge to barrage him with a million questions. She glanced at her watch, 6:16 p.m.. It would do them both good to get back to some basics.
“Hey, remember we promised each other a hot fudge sundae at the Harbor after dinner?”
He smiled with relief, “Sure! Let’s do that, babydoll.”

|OXO|

Arriving at the Harbor, they chose a seafood restaurant where you ordered your food from one window, your ice cream in another, and picked up your order when they called out your number in yet another window. They shared a hot fudge sundae that had more hot fudge than ice cream. Just the way she liked it.
Chase reached over and wiped Frankie’s chin. She smiled at the treasured memory from the very first time he’d done that for her. She considered how strange it would be not to have any childhood memories. She could remember things that she and Nan did when she was three or four years old, memories of working with her grandmother, playing with other kids that vacationed at the Resort, riding in the boat with the Silverton’s.
Chase has no childhood memories? How does that even happen?
Frankie looked around. The area was still quiet with mostly locals as the tourist season would not hit for a few more weeks. They sat at a table, under an umbrella on a patio, about a hundred feet above the ocean, where the water crashed into the boulders below. The ocean so vast, so powerful… made it as intimidating as it was beautiful. 
There were only three other tables who had patrons. Chase and Frankie kept to themselves, at a distance from the others. She stole glimpses of her husband, studying him in new ways now. Chase believed his own mother capable of bearing a child and disposing of her somewhere as though she were an unwanted puppy or kitten. She also considered Samantha; Sammy unable to share such fragile information with the only other person in her world that might be able to help her.
How long had she held onto the secrets and bore the weight of it by herself?
Using the spoon, Chase scooped up all the remaining hot fudge that had clung to the side of the ice cream dish and spooned it into Frankie’s mouth. Then he kissed the fudge from her lips. She smiled as he pulled back. She took the napkin and wiped his mouth. He winked as he pushed his chair out and turned toward the trash can to dispose of the container. Frankie watched Chase walk away from her and how the few others also dining, glanced up at him. He too had a presence about him; and to display such affection in public.
The pretty ladies nearby let their eyes linger on his handsome form. Frankie wasn’t sure if she wanted to thank them for the compliment or smack them for their rudeness. Chase walked back, blocking her view of them, and reached for her hand. He winked as she accepted. Without looking back at the women who had eyed her husband, she wrapped her arm possessively around his waist, certain that the beauty of her wedding rings flashed behind them.
Chase whispered, “Let’s get back to the cabin. I’m not sure, but that new anniversary gift you bought us, might need some alterations with all these treats today.”

|OXO|

Frankie had fallen asleep after their lovemaking and had awakened to find Chase was no longer in bed. Feeling a little sleepy from the nap, she squinted at the clock; 9:46 p.m..
She slipped on her summer robe. Wrapping the sash around her waist, she tied it as she walked out into the kitchen/living room in search for Chase, who was nowhere to be seen.
Calling to him, she heard him just outside. “Hey, babe, I’m here.” He pulled open the door and stepped inside the cottage. He’d been sitting on the front porch with the light turned off, and she wondered if he might be going over his strange past. Perhaps he reminisced about the days of his complicated childhood. But what she hoped he was focused on was something more pleasing, like their beautiful week together here in Maine.
Chase quickly kissed her cheek as he brushed by her. “Hold on a minute, doll.” She watched as he walked to the kitchen and turned on the burner under the tea pot. Then he went to the refrigerator and pulled out some fruits. She found this odd. Normally this would be her job.
She asked him, “Did you sleep at all, Chase?”
As he filled up the tray, he explained, “I slept for a while next to you then got up for the bathroom when I noticed the silver light shining through the windows.” He pointed outside. “It’s almost full, and it’s hanging over the ocean like a picture on a wall. The sound of the waves rolling in, and the moonlight, well, it’s stunning, and I’m glad you’re awake to see it.”
Turning to look out beyond the porch, she could see moonlight brightly swaying on the ocean waves. “I can’t see the moon in the sky from here, but its reflection bouncing over the ocean itself is stunning, Chase.”
He carried the tray out, and she followed him to the porch. Frankie was pleased to put all the heaviness of the day behind them, if only for a while, and to be back on familiar ground as husband and wife.
Before she stepped out on the porch, she looked for Warden and didn’t see him. “Where’s Warden?”
“He didn’t wanna come back inside. I think he misses Bounce, Nan, and home. So when I opened up the SUV to grab a mint, he just hopped right in the front, jumped to the back seat, then over into cargo. When I tried to get him to come back with me, he just laid down. He thinks he’s going home now.”
Frankie puckered her lips. “Ohhh. Poor Warden.”
“He’ll be fine, honey. Just let him stay there for the night. I put the windows down enough so he’ll be comfortable.”
He handed Frankie a tray of cheese, crackers, strawberries, and sliced bananas. Chase urged her to start without him as he went back inside to fetch the hot tea.
Returning, he had a blanket draped over his arm carrying two cups of tea and honey. He sat down the cups then took the throw and wrapped it around her shoulders. She reached up and kissed him.
“Thank you, Chase. You’re so good to me.”
Handing her a cup, he sat down beside her in the loveseat. They could see the moon hanging over the ocean and how it lit up the sky and the waters beneath. There was a light, steady breeze. The night was quiet, all but the sound of the ocean’s heartbeat. Frankie nibbled on the fruit as she became mesmerized by the stunning view. The moon so close to the earth, even though not full, was in awesome form. Intimidating in size, reminding her of how small and helpless humans were in the vast universe.

|OXO|

They finished their tea when Chase asked, “Have you talked to Nan since you left?”
“No. But I sent her emails and told her we were fine and enjoying ourselves. She replied with prayers and love.”
With a questioning and curious voice, “She mention anything else?”
“No. Why?”
Adjusting in his seat but keeping his eyes focused over the waters, he hesitated. Trying not to push him, she remained silent. It had been an emotionally draining day for her husband; having shared so much about himself for the first time since they’d met over twenty years ago. They both looked out to the beauty before them.
Casting a double brightness, the moon in the sky reflected onto the ocean’s surface with a waving, mirrored, and shaded image of itself. The image stretched instead of rounded, out and over the surface. Yet, the distorted reflection was nearly as beautiful and brilliant as the moon itself shining brightly over the darkened waters.
Frankie looked to Chase to see if he was ready to continue. He looked quickly to her then back out over the ocean when he finally spoke. “Did Nan mention Joe, Julia, Fitz, or anything like that?”
Frankie squinted, “No. Why?”
A moment of silence and then he turned to face her; his voice unsteady, his eyes filled with hesitation. He took a deep breath.
“I know I’m gonna lose you, Frankie. I love how you’re so loyal to me. I don’t deserve you. You’ve taken all this crazy stuff I shared with you today and carried it like a soldier. And I know when we get home, you’ll have time to process this, and I’m afraid of how you’ll see it then. Of how you’ll see me. I asked you to stand with me earlier, but I was being selfish, not thinking of your safety.”
“Stop it, Chase! That’s crazy. Now stop it!”
Putting his finger to her lips, he silenced her. “I was arrested, Frankie. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner, but I really needed to have these last few days with you before I lose you. You say you won’t leave me, but to protect you, it’s just best that I leave.”
She was horrified and shocked. “Chase! What happened? It was Fitz. I just know it!” She put her tea cup down, pulled the blanket off of her shoulders, and got down on her knees in front of him.
“Please, Chase, tell me what happened!”
He pulled his head up and leaned it back into the exterior wall so she couldn’t see his eyes. “Yes. Fitz killed a kid. The same kid who brought me the sweatshirt the other day at the store. Fitz killed him and tried to frame me for it. Between the painted-face soldier and Fitz both in the Village now, they wanna destroy me. I can’t have you caught in the cross fire.”
Now his voice cracked with emotion. He tried to cover it by running his hands through his hair. “I haven’t been honest with myself about how bad things really are but today…” He traveled off for a moment and then returned. “Saying those things out loud like I did about the Detention Center, camp, the military and stuff, I just know it’s gonna put you in a lot of danger. Frankie, it’s gonna get worse, I know it, and I’ve known it all my life.”
She was angry now. Chase was right. Frankie was beginning to process the day’s information. It was coming at her like a tidal wave, and the fury mounted but likely not how he thought it would. She got up off her knees and walked to the other end of the porch. Chase was right at her heels.
She turned to him and snapped, “Damn it, Chase Manning! I could care less about this man with a painted face or Ronald Fitz. Fitz is nothing but a soulless vulture. I’m not afraid of either of them. Why should you be? Don’t use them as an excuse to walk away from our marriage! Damn it, Chase. Damn it – damn it – damn it!” She pounded him in the chest with the palm of her hand with each cursory word she spat out.
“I’m sorry, Frankie. I didn’t mean any of it. I’m just scared. I’m not sure how much one marriage can take. I don’t wanna lose you, but I don’t want them to hurt you. I really don’t know what to do.” He force-pulled her into him and held her so tight she couldn’t waver.
Giving in, she wrapped her arms around his waist, sorry for her harshness. Her husband was as vulnerable as a small child.
What am I expecting? For him to tell me all this and go right back to happily ever after? What a fool I am.
Frankie grabbed ahold of her emotions and stopped the chaos in her mind with three simple words, “I love you.”
He buried his head into her neck, and she could feel sobs echo from within his chest. “I’m sorry, Frankie. I don’t know what I’m sayin’.”
“Fitz had you arrested? When I get back to the Village, I’ll confront him myself. I’m done with his god-games. I am done damn it!”
Chase pulled away and settled his eyes back over the ocean. “They ruled it an overdose. The charges were dropped against me, Frankie, but what’s next? Will he hurt you? He killed some kid by pumping him with an overdose of drugs. And no one! No one!... will touch that demon from hell. He’ll walk as he’s always done. I don’t wanna sound like a coward, but the only way I can stop him is to kill him. Then I’d lose you anyway. There’s no way out.”
Frankie paced about and knew she needed to bring her own rage under control, because it would only make the situation that much more unstable. She settled herself in front of him, and though not convinced herself, she tried to convince him. “Chase, we’re being overly emotional. We had a really tough week. We’ve some things to figure out. It’ll take some time, but tonight we’re both tired. Let’s go to bed, and tomorrow will be a new day. We’ll find the answers, Chase. I promise.”
Chase let his head drop to touch hers, “If we ever lose one another, Frankie, remember to leave a trail. Okay?”
She whispered, “If we ever get separated for any reason, Chase, we’ll find our way back. Don’t worry. That’s what true love does. Don’t you believe the things Nan has taught us?”
“I believe Nan but that God stuff isn’t for me, Frankie. I’m not good.”
Frankie agreed with him, “Preacher says none of us are, so you’re not alone. Pastor Dave and Nan are always preaching that our struggle is not against flesh and blood but against evil spirits. And there’s no doubt that Ronald Fitz is the main evil spirit in the Village.”
Chase gently shook his head atop of hers, “I won’t argue with that.”
She pulled back and looked up into his eyes. With a sterness implying that she wanted a direct answer, “Tell me, Chase, where was that kid from that got killed?”
“I think he was from LakeRidge.”
“What reasoning would Fitz have to blame you for any of that?”
“I don’t know the entire story, but of all places, the boy was found behind our house somewhere on or near the trail and close to the Old Orphanage.”
The memory came back of the officials parading around the building, the same day that she’d left the Village for Maine. Frankie felt pained now that she’d chosen that day to leave. It was as though with both her and Nan gone, evil reigned in the Village, and her husband was left without protection.
Frankie remembered the wallet. Warden had sniffed out a wallet on the trail as they walked back after their kayaking.
“Chase, what was the kid’s name that died?”

|OXO|

“Ich kenne den jungen KED nicht. Ich kenne ihn nicht!”
Frankie didn’t know what her husband was mumbling, but he’d repeated this a few times before her cool touch to his forehead calmed him again. Speaking German at night time was nothing new for Chase, but tonight, his voice was more intense.
Continuing to stroke his forehead for several minutes, he’d finally calmed, his breathing now balanced.
An unbroken pattern in his breathing for twenty minutes, Chase was asleep. Perhaps not sound, but asleep. She had stewed over the possibilities of what this all meant for nearly two hours – this kid’s death. She’d made up her mind that if there was anything at all that might help Chase and nail Fitz, then she would take the measures to do so and take her punishment later.
She glanced at the clock. 11:40 p.m..
On their return from the Resort last Friday, Warden had found the wallet by wandering a few feet off the path and into the bushes. Proud to discover his find and with the wallet in his mouth, he brought it to Frankie. The leather had been nibbled on in places, likely by a small animal, but the contents had not been disturbed. She had quickly gone through the wallet to identify the owner. Being in such a sour mood that day, Frankie had tucked the wallet away in her suitcase as she packed, determining she’d deal with it after her vacation.
She remembered how the authorities had scoured the area around the Old Orphanage that morning. What were they really looking for?
A wallet?
Fitz, without doubt, was involved with this young man’s death and his reason was to frame her husband for it. Sucking in the desperation she’d felt over the past few hours waiting for this moment – to see the contents of the wallet for identity confirmation – she inhaled quietly then exhaled.
It’s now or never.
She had not shared with Chase the moment she realized she was in possession of what might be a clue to the boy’s murder. Her instinct guided her. This was something she needed to do on her own. Chase would fight for himself but not like she would fight for him, and Chase wouldn’t let her anywhere near trouble.
I have to do this.
At 11:45, Frankie quietly slid out of bed and walked over to the fan, repositioned it so that instead of blowing on Chase, the air would bounce off the wall at his feet. She turned it up a notch.
After using the bathroom, she went back to the bedroom and found him undisturbed. She looked at him from where she stood. The torment on his face from earlier had eased. He appeared to be sleeping soundly now.
Tears stung her eyes. Most of his life, he’d been fighting a battle to defend himself. He tried to be strong enough to endure the cruelties of his own parents. Only God knew what Fitz had done to him.
Her suitcase lay near the bureau, which sat to the side of where Chase slept, near his head. Quietly, she went over and turned up the fan to the highest notch and picked up her suitcase. Holding for a moment, to be certain he remained undisturbed, before she made her way into the living room.
Squatting next to the outside of the bedroom door, she counted; one thousand one, one thousand two… one thousand five. No movement from the bedroom.
She unzipped the front compartment. The moving sound of the zipper seemed to be magnified a hundred times over. She ducked nearer to the sound hoping it would block the volume.
If Chase woke up looking for her, she’d been prepared to tell him that she was sweaty and wanted to change into something dry. It was a half-truth because she is definitely sweaty, but only dirty laundry was in the suitcase. Her fresh laundry was in the dresser, next to his head.
She pulled the wallet out and left the suitcase compartment unzipped. Inside, she found a driver’s license. The owner’s name…
William Ked.

|OXO|

She looked at his face. A young man. She looked to his birthdate. He was only 23 years old and with eyes, a startling grayish-blue. Shoulder length, dark-wavy hair with long bangs. His bangs draped around his face. His hair looked as though he applied oils to keep the frizz tamed. His appearance was model-like; a very handsome young man.
Frankie’s stomach coiled.
This beautiful young man is dead. Fitz killed him and will certainly get away with it if I don’t do something.
Tears wet her face.
I’m not gonna let you get away with this, Fitz. Not if I can help it. And you will not torment my husband ever again!
A close inspection of the contents showed that the kid had no credit cards, seven dollars, a license, and…
What’s this?

|OXO|

A very thin disk was secured deep inside one of the slits in the young man’s wallet. Frankie looked at the sticker symbol on the front; a teddy bear? She looked closer. It wasn’t a teddy bear, but instead, an owl.
That’s it. An owl. An owl sitting on a book.
She tucked everything back in the wallet, slipped on some worn clothing from her suitcase, and wrote Chase a note. She left the note on the kitchen table. She wanted him to understand, but he wouldn’t.
Frankie put the wallet back in her suitcase compartment and zipped it. Silently, she took the suitcase out to the porch. She would have to start her vehicle, and it was parked right next to the bedroom where Chase slept. Grateful that Warden was already in the SUV, made it one less hassle. She checked on Chase again to be certain that he was still undisturbed.
The sound of the fan was exceptionally loud. Chase still faced the wall opposite of the doorway. She couldn’t see his face, but he hadn’t moved.
Frankie dropped her head as she stood there in the doorway, ashamed as she remembered his words.
“God expects me to protect you, so let me do my job.”
Frankie whispered, “Forgive me, Chase.”
She turned from the doorway and looked around the cabin, regretful to leave early as they had enjoyed such a beautiful time together. If they survived, there would be many more beautiful moments together. But if Fitz had now taken to the extreme, then their days together may soon come to an end.
I just can’t let that happen, Chase.
Quietly with her suitcase at her side, Frankie wiped the tears from her eyes. She left the cottage through the front door, down off the porch, and into the clear, moonlit night.

|OXO|

Pulling into the Wal-Mart parking lot, she parked amongst the RV’s and assured that her doors were locked. Warden was settled in the back, content to be headed home.
Frankie pulled the disk from the wallet and inserted it into her laptop. The screen displayed a bird with two heads. The body was suspended above the earth with a crown suspended above the two heads. Above the crown in a white triangle were the numbers 33. A sword clutched in its claws. The letters INRI beneath the sword. Foreign language was written inside what looked like a measuring tape. There were scattered tools covering the earth and puffy clouds in the back ground, spread out and shaped like thick horns. Beneath the picture were the words, “Future Assets.”
To open the disk contents required a password. She typed in the words on the screen; Future Assets. Nothing. She typed the words in backwards. Nothing. She typed in the word password, nothing.
She didn’t want to chance putting the battery-pack back in her phone to search the meaning of the symbol. She needed to get closer to home and find someone who could help her, someone she could trust.
Not Nan, Joe, or Julia due to their relationship with Chase and besides, could they really help? Yet, there was one that might be able to. Pastor Dave. Certainly he would know something about these two symbols. Maybe all the answers she needed were hidden inside this tiny disk?
She snorted, “It’s a helluva longshot, kiddo.”
She’d wait until she got closer to the Village before rousing the Pastor from his sleep, until she was at least within the Village limits. She looked at the clock; 12:16 a.m..
Pastor Dave had been in the Village preaching for forty years and indeed one of Nan’s longest and dearest friends. He could be trusted, and if he couldn’t help her, maybe he knew of someone who could. She trusted him without question, yet realized that she’d be risking the disk.
Although now ruled an overdose, likely the authorities would want the disk. She’d take her chances with Pastor Dave. But she would not surrender the disk. Period.
She put the disk away and headed for the highway.

|OXO|

Looking down at the speedometer, it read 87 mph. Lowering the window to about a third for fresh air to keep her alert, she slowed down to 80. The speed limit was 75. Using cruise control, she estimated her time to be in the Village around 4 a.m..

|OXO|

3:56 a.m., Frankie parked the SUV on the side of the Village Community Bible Church hoping to keep it from view of the police. There was no officer on duty from the hours of 3 a.m. to 6 a.m., but still, she didn’t want to take any chances. She had called the Pastor 45 minutes prior to her return to the Village.
The Pastor met her at the door. His thoughtful embrace brought tears to her eyes. “You’ve had a rough week, you and Chase. Not to worry, God is with you. Both of you. I’m so pleased that you called me, Frankie.”
Unable to speak through the bunch in her throat, Frankie simply nodded.
With one arm around her shoulder, the Pastor guided Frankie inside the church. “Let’s go have a chat in my office.”
Frankie noticed the pianist Sally. The sweet, fluffy lady had her back to them in the kitchen as they passed by.
“Sally’s making us some coffee, then she’ll go to a nearby class room and keep herself busy while we talk. Her husband is tuning up the piano for us in the other room.”
Frankie respected the Pastor’s accountability rules. After all, it was four in the morning, and the Pastor’s reputation was impeccable due to his own standards. Sweet Sally and her husband willing to sacrifice a good night’s sleep, a rush of guilt flooded Frankie. And that everyone in town was already aware that her husband was framed for murder; was humiliating.
“Please tell them both thank you from me and Chase. We really appreciate their time this morning, Pastor, and I feel horrible for being so selfish.”
He nodded and smiled as they walked to the back where his office was. “They’re happy to do it, Frankie, grateful for all the years you helped with their beautiful grandchildren.”
Frankie and the Pastor sat opposite of one another and between them, a coffee table. She sat her backpack with her laptop inside next to her feet, the wallet tucked inside.
Sally brought in a tray with a thermos of hot coffee, two mugs, two wrapped plain donuts, cream, and sugar. She sat the tray on the coffee table. She reached down and embraced Frankie from the side. Without so much as a word, she left the office with the glassed-door closing behind her.
The Pastor reached over the tray of refreshments and took Frankie’s hands. “Dear Father in Heaven…”

|OXO|

Pastor Dave showed genuine concern over their situation. He had gone to Nan’s several times for prayer over the past few days. They discussed the certain likelihood that Fitz was responsible for Ked’s death and that he had tried to frame Chase.
Frankie booted her laptop and pulled out the disk. She purposely kept back the wallet with identification so as not to put the Pastor in a legal situation.
Pastor Dave looked at Frankie with a saddened smile while she explained all that she’d learned from Chase, along with the discovery of the disk. She could tell by his expression, that he thought her to be desperate and grasping for a hope that would unlikely materialize.
“Frankie. Please remember not to run ahead of God. He has plans for Ronald Fitz, and he has plans for Chase and Frankie Manning. His plans will prevail. I do believe that Chief Fitz is involved with all of this, but we have no proof.”
Struggling to speak through the thickness that had welled up in her throat again, “I have to do something.” She tried to swallow with a dry throat and pressed on in spite of it. “Pastor. This is out of control. Chase is at a loss. I’m afraid for him and for us. I’m no longer going to stand by while Fitz terrorizes him. I will do something, and I need your help. But I’m gonna do something with or without you.”
He reached out and touched her hand gently, “Perfect love casts out all fear. Please remember to call upon the things which you know to be true, Frankie. Don’t let fear make decisions for you. Chase needs you to be sober-minded, not running off with your emotions leading you.”
Taking a few tissues, she wiped the tears from her cheeks, and then took a few more to blow her nose. After a moment to collect herself she detailed, “There are two different symbols. One on the outside of the disk, the other on the inside that needs a password. Maybe you might know what the symbols mean?”
The Pastor nodded hesitantly and poured them coffee.
“Thank you.” She splashed some cream in, took a few sips, and unwrapped a donut as her laptop booted up.
The Pastor made some small talk. Frankie’s mind, full of uncertainty, only half listened as she sipped coffee. Her laptop awaited her password, she sat the coffee down and tapped the keyboard. Before inserting the disk, she pointed out to the pastor the different symbol sticker on the outside of the disk.
“I don’t recognize it right off, Frankie, but let me snap a photo of it and I’ll study it further.”
Using his phone, he took a snapshot of the symbol stamped on the front of the disk. He nodded for Frankie to continue. She slipped the disk into the port, and the double-headed bird came up on the screen.
Frankie watched him with intensity as he looked at the image on the screen, and he responded just as she had hoped he would. Instantaneously he pulled back, ever-so-slightly, but he pulled back enough for her to see recognition on his face.
After studying the symbol for a few seconds, he looked to her. Concern displayed clearly upon his face.
He knows something. This symbol means something to him.
“What is it? Do you know what the symbol means, Pastor?”
He nodded cautiously, “I do.”
And then he fell silent, bowing his head for a moment.
Frankie hoped that whatever he was praying for would bring her some answers.
Please God.
He pulled his head up, sat straight, and looked directly at her. “I have to be considerate of confidentiality. I do have contact information of a ministry that may be able to help you. There’s a man that works with the ministry, a man also that I ministered to many, many years ago.”
“Thank you. Can you tell me what the symbol means on the screen?”
“In general, yes. It is a common occult symbol used by false religions, political leaders, secret societies and such. And this symbol becomes even more peculiar as just a few days ago, a boy was murdered right here in the Village.”
He twisted his head and told her, “Wait here for just a moment.”
Pastor Dave instantly made the connection between the disk and William Ked. Frankie’s instinct was right; to keep the wallet out of his view, to protect him.
Reaching over, the Pastor powered up his desktop quickly before standing up and walking to a closet door. He pulled open the door and turned to her, “I’ll be right back.”
He walked inside, and the door shut behind him.
As the door closed, she sat her laptop on the coffee table and positioned it so that when he returned, they could both see the screen.
She picked up another donut, tore off the wrapping, and took a bite. Sipping coffee, she silently thanked God and asked him to keep her husband safe. She knew that Chase had awakened by now and would be headed back to the Village. Again, her stomach sank at the thought of how she’d left him there. He would never consider her need to protect him, yet he expected her to respect his duties to protect her.
Crinkling the donut wrapper in her hand, she debated whether or not she should get up to throw it in the trash but quickly decided against it. She didn’t want to give the Pastor the impression that she was snooping. The monitor on the Pastor’s desk was also lit up waiting for a password.
She looked at the screen on her laptop and studied the symbol. There were many, many symbols all wrapped into one boggled mess.
The Pastor returned with a folder. “This will just take a moment. I’m not sure if any of this is relevant, Frankie, so don’t get too excited, dear.” He sat at his desk with his back to her.
Frankie could see only the corners of the screen as the Pastor pulled up a web page. Not wanting to appear nosey or rude by getting up and standing over his shoulder, she sat. She waited. She squirmed.
After a few moments, he turned off the monitor and stood up. “Hold on. I need to get one more file.”
Frankie sat while he reentered the closet and again the door closed. Having remained seated, she looked over to the monitor which only shined her dark profile. Next to the monitor sat a manila folder. A folder with details of information that she needed and the only way she would ever get it…
Her breath caught in her chest as she looked through the glass door to see that Sally was nowhere in sight.



Chapter 34

|OOO|

Don’t let fear separate us and never lose your fight to do what’s right – not ever. If God be for us, who can be against us?
I may have discovered information that can help us maybe even keep Fitz off our backs for good.
I’ll meet you at home.
Don’t worry about me and don’t worry about us. Love is like truth – both survive.

Chase had awakened around 1:30 a.m. to a jet landing in the cottage bedroom. The fan was turned up on high, something he would never do away from home for safety reasons.
When he went out to the front porch looking for his wife, she wasn’t there. And when he looked for her SUV, it wasn’t there. In a full blown anxiety attack, he went to the kitchen and there it was, packaged in a short note and lying flat on top of the table. She was gone – again!
He swept through the cottage in a mad rush, threw everything in the truck, and headed back for the Village. As he was packing up the truck, he considered the question that she had asked; “What was the kid’s name?” 
Had she planned to leave before I even closed my eyes to sleep? Damn it! Why? Does she know the kid? Did someone call her and tell her something? What am I missing?!
These questions plagued him for the past few hours as he rushed at top speed to get back to the Village and find her before she could run off on him again.
Several times he’d called her, but her line went directly to voice mail. He pulled into the Village limits around 5:15 a.m.. Briefly, he’d stopped at their house once he arrived and checked their garage. No vehicle, no signs of life.
Cody had texted Chase to let him know he and Warden were headed out to LakeRidge for coffee and a donut, and that he’d drop Warden off later. Not wanting further questions, Chase only responded with, “Appreciated.” 
No doubt, Cody was wondering what was up with Frankie’s early return from vacation and that she’d left Warden with him.
If Frankie left Warden with Cody, there was only a shit-load more trouble coming their way.
Chase drove through the Village carefully looking for her vehicle. Nothing. Passing by the Village store, checking the parking lot, he slammed the steering wheel with the palm of his hand.
What the hell is she thinking?!
Before going to Nan’s, he went back to their house. He’d check one more time before worrying Nan. Chase remembered Frankie’s promise…
I’ll leave a trail.

|OOO|

Before looking for a note, Chase went directly for what would be a worst case scenario; to their bedroom, looking for her suitcase. He found it in the closet and, in its place.
But the duffle bag is gone. I knew it. Damn it! You don’t listen to anything I say. You do just as you please.
Panic rising, he walked to the bed and grabbed her pillow. He inhaled deeply the scent. How much he treasured their aroma as one. And although the scent was the same, everything else seemed to have changed and yet everything appeared the same.
He whispered to himself, “I am losing it – I’m losing her!”
Panic now pushing him, before it got out of control, he breathed in and out, out, out.
I have to keep it together. I need help – but who? Joe? Cody? Julia? Nan?
No.
I need her help.
He pulled out the picture from his wallet of the little girl in the ruffled dress.
I’m probably nuts and this isn’t even the same person, but there’s something so frighteningly familiar about her, and somehow, the two are connected; King Charles and this small girl.
King Charles can locate Frankie.
But how do I locate King Charles?
Chase remembered her words, “I’m programmed in for 55.”
He’d call King Charles. She seemed to know their every move; she seemed to be their best hope. He laughed at the irony… A prostitute from Germany calling herself a King, this is my best hope. Wow, man, you really are a loser.
Chase pulled out his cell phone and dialed 55. After eight rings, no answer. He put his phone away and returned the picture to his wallet. Frustrated, he went back through the house and scanned all tables and counters one more time in case he missed a note or something that might leave a trail. He checked all the rooms, countertops, anywhere he might find a note. Nothing. No trail this time.
Damn it!
Opening the door to the utility room, he walked through to Frankie’s garage when his peripheral caught movement outside the window. He stopped midstride and pulled himself back to the window. Nothing.
I need Bouncer’s eyes.
Continuing through to the garage, he looked over at his work bench and carefully checked it. Nothing.
Chase pulled open the door leading to the back yard, and as he made his way to the workshop, the sound of crushing branches and dried leaves caught his attention. He looked to the same spot his eyes had caught movement a moment ago. Still nothing.
I need Bouncer’s ears.
Checking the workshop turned up nothing as well. Going back outside, Chase checked again the area where he’d thought someone was watching him. Nothing.
I’ll check the Old Orphanage on my way to get Bouncer. Maybe King Charles is out there in the woods and she’s baiting me… Maybe? Hopefully.
Chase opened his truck door and grabbed the note that Frankie had left him at the cottage in Maine. Walking back inside the house to the kitchen, he turned the note over and laid it on the table. He wrote a message to her on the back of it:

I’m sorry Frankie you were right. I gave into fear. I won’t let that happen again. I promise. When you get home please stay and I’ll be right back. I’ve gone to get Bouncer. I’m on the trail.

Without taking time to shower, he grabbed a quick change of clothes. Dressed, he sat on the edge of their bed as he laced up his boots. He stood to his feet in front of the covered French doors. He pushed the covering to the side… hoping.
Nothing, or rather no one, was behind the covering, only his reflection. He stood there in a new white T-shirt, khaki shorts, and his work boots. Beyond the French doors, and into the forest just over the tree line, the skies were painted in storm red.
What a sight the sunrise must’ve been this morning in the Harbor?
He struggled not to dwell on another lost beautiful moment with his wife.
Right now, I just need to find her.
He went through the garage, locked the door, and headed out in a light trot through the back yard. He stopped on the trail and looked over to Downs’s back yard.
Chase knew that Capt. Sylar Downs watched him – always watching, both he and Frankie. Chase moved within an open view of Downs’s raised ranch. On the deck overlooking the backyard, Sylar stood.
He looked down upon Chase as though Chase were one of his subjects. He nodded in Chase’s direction in acknowledgement but did not speak.
Chase considered how the one with the painted face had ridden in the backseat of Sylar’s cruiser. Chase flipped Downs the bird and yelled loud enough for the dead to hear. “For you and all your kind…good morning!”



Chapter 35

|XXX|

Tsar had spent what seemed several minutes, hours, or days locked in a room filled with records and files before he finally heard the dead-bolt snap loose.



Chapter 36

|OOO|

Chase remembered again the missing SD card as he jogged along the trail leading to the Old Orphanage. He scanned along the way, the ditches and the trail. Nothing.
He had a sick feeling that somehow this dead boy and Frankie had a connection, but how?
The words from her note played over and over in his mind as he jogged…

I may have discovered information that can help us maybe even keep Fitz off our backs for good.

His jog came to a crawl, “Oh, God, please no. Don’t let that be what she’s talking about.”
He began to stumble, becoming light headed. At a stumbling halt, his head fell forward as he dropped to one knee. A suffocating weight pressed in.
Oh no. That’s it! She has the SD card, and that’s exactly what she’s talking about!
The panic had seized his lungs, they began to fill with air like a balloon again. He breathed out. Out, out, out.
From memory, he scanned her note in his mind when he saw her words…

Don’t let fear separate us and never lose your fight to do what’s right – not ever. If God be for us who can be against us?

Her words to fight encouraged him as he continued to breathe out. God may have no use for him, but Frankie, the world needed more Frankie’s. He continued breathing, out, out, out…
Chase stood to his feet and trotted the few more hundred feet to the crossing of the Main Trail and the Old Orphanage. He looked down the stretch of path leading to the old building. He focused his eyes on the front windows and he waited.
He knew she was there, she had to be.
After a short time, a shadow moved from inside. He closed his eyes for a moment, letting them relax in preparation to focus again the distance to the Old Orphanage. When he opened and looked again, nothing.
Someone is there. I know it.
His eyes swept all the area in front of him and also to the sides. He wouldn’t ignore his intuition; someone was there…
Images of Tsar and Fitz came to mind.
Maybe… they are all there?

|OOO|

Cautiously, Chase measured each step as he moved closer to the Old Orphanage. When he reached the front door, who would he find; Tsar, Fitz, King Charles? His heart stopped. King Charles? KC. He found himself swimming in hazel eyes.
Her eyes?
No. Maybe. Yes.
KC is King Charles!
He closed his eyes, and like a movie screen on the back of his eye lids, the memories rushed him now. And he was there…

Frankie sat on the embankment.
Fitz spoke through the window to Chase. A girl sat in the backseat of the cruiser. Her head down.
Fitz was talking, but Chase couldn’t hear him. He could only see the girl as she sat in the back seat. When Fitz moved his lips, she kept her head down.
Fitz pulled off, and the girl in the backseat looked to Chase. Her hazel eyes filled with shame and resolution as the cruiser rolled by. Shame for what Fitz had done to her and resolution for what she would one day… do to him.
Someday, she would kill Ronald Fitz. It was there, swimming in her hazel eyes.

KC?!
Chase opened his eyes, and the movie screen disappeared.
Janice did that to you, KC. That was you at the party who took my sweatshirt and trophy. Janice pimped you out as a little girl and still even, as a young adult. But why? Who are you to Janice Manning? You must be the little girl in the picture. So you are my sister?! Then where the hell’ve you been all these years in between? Did Pap know? Did that abusive sonofabitch know, too? Did they do this to Sammy? I will kill Janice Manning!
Before he was threatened with another panic attack, he ran for the Old Orphanage. He remembered how KC protected Buddy and the others at the Shelter when they were children. KC had not only protected those in the Shelter, but she’d watched and protected Frankie, always looking after her, from a distance.
Chase remembered KC’s heroism on that simmering day so many years ago as Frankie splashed around in panic.

Slipping under the lakes surface then bobbing back above the water repeatedly, KC rushed past him and took the lead. She rushed into the deep waters to save Frankie.

If KC is back, then Frankie’s in trouble!
Chase was just a few yards from the steps to the Old Orphanage when he felt a vibration, like a humming bee in his pocket. Startled, he realized that there was a phone in his pocket and not a bee. He pulled out the phone and looked at it. He didn’t recognize the number. He hoped that it was Frankie calling. Maybe it was the King. He connected the call.
“Hello.”
The voice on the other end was garbled. He couldn’t understand it.
Harshly, Chase repeated, “Hello!”
Beyond the garbled call Chase heard the sound of a twig snap beside the Old Orphanage. Pulling the phone from his ear to concentrate more on the noise, cautiously he moved closer, his heart racing in anticipation.
This is it… I know it.
As though stepping into this world from an afterworld portal, a man in a military uniform appeared. With the phone still in his hand – Chase felt his knees begin to tingle and then weaken. Without speaking to the garbled caller, he watched as the person moved closer towards him. This was not KC. This was not Tsar. No, it wasn’t Fitz. This was…
This was a dead man!

|OOO|

He had come to a complete halt as the dead man continued to slowly approach him. Chase tried to move his head in other directions, hoping someone was there, someone to help him, but he could only move his eyes. He tried to continue forward, but his own movements seemed distant as he watched one foot move in front of the other until slowly, all movement went into stasis.
Close enough to see the eyes of the dead man, there was no life in them. Dead, black eyes. So how could it be that the smell of his life lingered still; Old Spice mixed with natural musk.
“Pap?”
Somewhere outside himself, Chase realized that the phone dropped from his hand. In the distance behind the dead man, he could see her, the woman, the one called King Charles.
KC. Protector of the Shelter.
She stood silently watching as the events unfolded. She offered no assistance to either side. Nor did her expression give way to any emotion.
The dead man before him spoke. He spoke with the voice of a demon. His language filled with gibberish chanting, like the garbled phone call just before.
Chase’s world began to blur, then tip slightly, hold for a moment and drop fast out of the universe into a familiar, endless black hole.

|OOO|

What may have been days or minutes later; Chase woke up in the same darkness that had sucked him out of his world. Feeling around, he knew he was on bare concrete. His hands and feet were bound with what felt like leather straps, like the kid on the island.
I am blind-folded and completely at the mercy of a demon that looks like my dead father…
Colonel Harrison Manning.
Without squirming or drawing too much attention, he tested his binds. They were firmly in place. There would be no quick escape. The memory of the hog-tied kid stayed in the forefront of his mind. They tormented the poor boy…

The kid hung from a rope, high in a barn. Beneath was a bed of hay, blanketing sharp, metal points. The kid appeared dead, almost. Chase stood on a plank and as the boy’s body swayed towards him, the air filled with the smell of rotting flesh.

Chase mumbled words that only he could hear, “God! Please don’t let me die the same way. Help me find my wife.”

|OOO|

What may have been days or minutes later, Chase felt himself being rolled to the side, then a needle-sized jab to his butt. His limbs instantly began to feel numb and then – nothing.
He opened his mouth to protest, but instead of words; drool formed at the side of his mouth stretching the distance to the floor, dangling in limbo.
Lying on his side, he felt someone tug at his blindfold. Dim light followed. Focusing his eyes the best he could…
This is the Detention Center. Oh God!
His vision distorted, he could see a form move toward him. Chase blinked his eyes hoping to focus so that if he died today, he would know who his killer was; his dead father, Tsar, Fitz, or maybe even King Charles.
Through his blurred vision, a man slowly came into Chase’s view. The man stopped, standing near Chase’s head. He stooped over him – and no more than a kiss away, the man became as clear as a mirror.
No painted face. No grossly distorting scars.
KC and the magazine were right; the only difference was… his eyes.

|OOO|

While Chase remained paralyzed, Tsar thrust his foot forward into Chase’s ribs. Chase couldn’t feel it, but he heard a sickening snap as the man screeched in German, “Where the hell is my sweatshirt?!”
The pain threatening to send him into oblivion, he closed his eyes so tight that he squeezed the hurt into the recesses of his mind. And after minutes or hours, he opened his eyes again and he searched. He searched for King Charles. KC.
He hoped for Frankie’s sake that she was not here in Germany but instead, that she was still in the Village. He wasn’t sure who KC was anymore or whose side she was on; but now, she was Frankie’s only hope.
Please, KC, protect her. Without your help, they’ll kill her.
He didn’t have a chance in the world to get back to the states in time to save his wife. She was running fast into the arms of an evil that no human force could battle and survive.
A deep voice mocked from above, startling him. Speaking in German, Chase heard words written by his own hand, words meant only for his wife to read…

I’m sorry Frankie you were right. I gave into fear. I won’t let that happen again. I promise. When you get home please stay and I’ll be right back. I’ve gone to get Bouncer. I’m on the trail.

As he lay helpless on the floor, Chase watched as Tsar crumpled up the note and let it drop near his head.
I will die here, in a land that I hate. My wife will think I abandoned her if by a miracle, she even survives.
Bending over him, Tsar sneered. Chase could see his own image, yet spoken, with another man’s voice. “Your wife is waiting for you, so I won‘t be late.”
Tsar stood upright. Again, he pulled back his leg for another blow to Chase’s ribs. Chase braced himself mentally. With exceeding force, the blow sent Chase airborne.
Airborne, he rolled to a stop, now helplessly facing the outer wall.
Chase would hold Tsar’s words in his mind as; once again, the black hole sucked him in.
Tsar was going to find Chase’s wife.
And only one person could help her now…



Chapter 37

|OXO|

Frankie glimpsed out the small window toward the east. The early morning sun blended with a tangled frenzy of orange, deep blue, and red. She looked across the aisle to the west, where the sky flashed thin and crooked silver lines through thick and darkening clouds. The clouds to the west were transporting a raging storm, a storm that would snuff out all of the tangled beauty of the east.
The other passengers on this flight filled the seats in the front. Frankie sat alone near the back of the plane. The twist in her stomach tightening even more as the plane headed south in a direct flight to Philadelphia. She wasn’t sure if she could sleep but she knew she needed to.
Images, as well as the revelations of the past few days, flipped through her mind. Exhaustion mixed with anxiety made her jittery.
Slipping through the middle of the two weather patterns, the Captain’s voice crackled through the intercom. “Good early morning, passengers. We are headed south just in time to miss the storm coming from the west. The forecast predicts overnight storms tonight in Philadelphia.” 
The weather pattern; unpredictable and stormy just as her life had become over the past few days. 
Frankie mindlessly twirled her rings back and forth, sparkling in the overhead light. Uncertainty hung over the future of her marriage, and then there was the grief of the young man’s death… She whimpered to the back of the empty seat in front of her.
She reached for her purse and searched inside for the boy’s wallet. Pulling it out, she flipped it open; the driver’s license boldly displayed the name; William Ked. Sniveling, she whispered out loud, “The owner, dead.”
She put the wallet back inside her purse and zipped it, tucking it beside her. Leaning into the sidewall of the plane, the dark clouds had begun to fade to lighter gray now. She closed her eyes.
Frankie had been awake for nearly twenty-four hours, save the few hours she’d slept before finding Chase overlooking the beautiful ocean in the moon-lit night.
With the mass of information that Chase had shared, she tried to sort through it; William Ked’s death, a man with a painted face, and a woman who called herself a – king. Yet most troubling, was why Chase harbored so many things of his past for so long. That he hadn’t trusted her enough to share his burdens, his secrets, his mysteries.
Chase was not close to his father, Colonel Harrison Manning. It was strange that not one tear was shed over the man’s death the day of his funeral. Not one. Not from Chase, not from Samantha, and not even from Janice.
Why hadn’t Chase’s father protected him? Where was Janice? No one fought for Chase; did he even fight for himself? Frankie would fight. She would fight for her husband, and she would fight for their marriage.
She hated to leave him again, but at least this time, Nan was back in the Village. Frankie had sent Nan an email to pray for all of them.
“Can I get you a pillow, ma’am?” In Frankie’s state of sleep deprivation, hearing the strange voice made her jump. 
Wiping her eyes, she looked up to the flight attendant. Thinking she must look like a battered woman of sorts, she responded with a half a smile. “Yes, please.”
The lady reached above Frankie and pulled out a cushion for her head. With a motherly wink, she asked, “Would you like some juice?”
“No, thank you.” The stewardess kindly touched her shoulder as she moved forward with the drink cart. The kind gesture reminded her of how the Pastor had embraced her before Frankie left the church.
Snuggling up to the window with the pillow to cushion her, Frankie closed her eyes as she felt the vibration of the engines. The face of the Pastor formed behind her eyelids. Frankie’s heart was heavy for her betrayal.
God, forgive me.

|OXO|

Frankie had flipped open the file and seared in her memory the information that she’d found. The folder labeled; “HF 1988.”
Inside the folder were a few ministry pamphlets and an opened envelope. The return address was from James Hunter. James Hunter’s return address was the same as the ministries address on the back of the pamphlets. Frankie noted the builder’s symbol as well; Chase used this same symbol on his business cards.
She concluded her meeting with the Pastor and went back to their house where she’d found Cody in his truck just headed out for the Village store. The sun had not risen yet but was on the rise. She thanked Cody for staying and asked him to bring Warden to Nan’s. Without an explanation, he nodded, and Frankie led Warden to jump in the front seat next to Cody. He was confused and looked out the back window all the way out of the driveway. She waved Warden off like a mother would a small child with tears in her eyes.
Nan would be awake when Cody and Warden arrived. Frankie had moved fast making the flight and hotel reservations quickly from her laptop and sent her grandmother a quick email not to worry, but instead, to pray for them.
Frankie decided to leave her phone behind and would get a temporary cell phone when she arrived in Philadelphia if she needed one.
Packing enough clothing for the quick trip, she noticed the new shelves in her closet. Chase’s way of saying, “You need me.”
She does need him, they need each other. And to protect him from Fitz, she had to make this journey alone. If there was something on the disk that could reveal Fitz for who and what he really was, just maybe he would never be a burden to Chase, or to their marriage, ever again.
No one knew she was leaving the Village. Unlike her trip to Maine, she didn’t feel liberated but rather naked. Naked without the protection of her friends, her grandmother, her husband, and especially her body guard, Warden.
God, keep us safe.

|OXO|

She wanted to rest, and yet, she felt as though she’d forgotten something important that she might need for this trip. Opening her eyes, she reached for her purse to double check that she put cash in her wallet.
Rummaging through the bills, she had plenty for the trip. Returning her wallet, she noticed the rectangular objects that her wallet had been sitting on.
Recorders.
Her stomach twisted again.
Frankie had grabbed them as well while hastily packing for this trip. The recorders had been set up in the garage, living room, and in the workshop before she’d left for Maine.
With strange footprints outside of Chase’s workshop, the bimbo from the restaurant, and the jersey appearing like magic from Germany, her eyes had widened. People were targeting him and perhaps even their home. Chase must feel it, too; it was why he had Cody stay. It was also likely the reason he had anxiety over leaving home for any period of time.
She would have to recharge the batteries in the recorders when she reached the hotel.
She tucked her purse beside her once again and looked out the window at the city of clouds that rested on invisible foundations before closing her eyes, hoping for rest.
The buzzing in her mind blended with the sound of the plane’s engines as she felt her limbs go through light spasms from fatigue. The rocking back and forth of the plane lulled her into a light-surface sleep, dreaming of a woman dressed as a King…



Chapter 38

|XXX|

King Charles stepped up beside him. Chase Manning lay at their feet. Or was it – Chase Freeman?
According to the files, Chase Freeman was twin born to a Mitchell Freeman, who supposedly died in a fire in 1988. This was something that the Colonel had not shared with Tsar.
Why? Perhaps, because it isn’t true. Or just maybe… because it is.
The Colonel would have his reasons for not sharing if, indeed, it were true. Tsar had a gut feeling that if it were true, this truth would take them to places that the System was not prepared for.
The Senator called. The Colonel’s appearance on the scene with Manning at the Old Orphanage meant that the Senator was stepping things up. Manning melted like a handful of snow in a pot of boiling water.
Pussy.
The Senator called looking for an update on the missing SD card; he was none too happy to find out there were no updates.
Considering her placement in D.C. many years ago, her pull in the Network, as well as within the System, Tsar wondered that just maybe King Charles was… System. But System with more Intel and perhaps even more pull than the Colonel.
Tsar shifted his upper body to look at the woman beside him. Although she felt his perusal, she did not make eye contact with him.
Woman. You are hard to read.

|XXX|

He left King Charles in the Network Room and dragged Manning to the prisoner’s chamber. After a bumpety-thumping ride down the stairs to the lower section, Tsar unlocked the door made of metal bars and dragged him in.
Like the Detention Center, it was designed as a prisoner’s cell. Tsar’s lifelong rival would be immobilized. Now for a while. But soon, forever.
He rolled Manning face-first into the exterior wall and left the room locking the cell door behind him. He punched in the lock code, securing the prisoners cell, while taunting the unconscious man. “It won’t be long now and this will be your permanent home. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did for twenty years.”
Tsar spat on the floor before he headed back up the stairs. He needed to get there before the King could make herself scarce. He had some questions for her. And one question, more important than the others.
Tsar rushed back only to find her… what? Waiting for him?
Before she could pummel his brains again, he quickly rattled off the name, “Fancy?”
She turned up her nose.
Tsar firmed up his tone. “Fancy, who is Fancy?”
She smirked. “What do you bloody care? If you really want to know, figure it out for yourself.”
Perplexed, Tsar thought that the question would incite fear as it did with the Senator. Instead, she taunted him!
He brought himself up to full height and stood over her. Instead of being intimidated, she ran right over his question and demanded him.
“Follow Francine Manning. Our sources show that she arrived in the wee hours of the morning and went directly to the church. A short time later, she went to her house briefly, sent her dog off with one of Manning’s men, then left the property. From there, she booked a red-eye to Philadelphia out of Boston.”
The damn woman spoke with a voice that carried as much, if not more authority, than the Colonel…
I really hate this woman!
The King handed Tsar information with Francine Manning’s flight reservations. “You’ll travel by private plane and leave this afternoon. For now we have inside sources standing by. Downs will have preparations in place for your arrival there. They will watch her as soon as she steps off the plane from the Philadelphia airport. She left her cell phone behind; she appears to be a wee bit suspicious.”
She let him come up behind her. He slid his hands around her waist and locked her in a breath-stopping embrace. He whispered the words as he inhaled her mind-altering aroma, “I don’t work for you. If I had my way, you’d be dead! You stole my sweatshirt, you mess with my head. Why would I do anything for you?”
Silence.
The memory of her striking his head with the gun in the Jr. Command surfaced. Still he dared… he pushed. “Why would you leave a magazine behind like a calling card?”
Without word, nor warning, she sent the heel of her boot back and upwards into his groin without mercy.
“Who cares about your stupid bloody shirt! I left behind the magazine so you’d remind me to tell you that I shared it with your good friend, Chase Manning. I wanted him to understand why the trollop with the Butterfly on her neck confused the two of you. We can’t have him thinking he’s crazy now can we, chum?”
Coughing, Tsar fell to his knees in excruciating agony and with a tight hold on his groin. With no concern for him as he squirmed on his knees in painful misery, she mocked him with laughter. Laughter as though she knew something that he didn’t… but should.
“The Colonel is watching you remotely. He’s testing you, Freeman. I watched him from the background when he took Manning down. He doesn’t believe that you have the influence to take him down alone. And let’s be honest here, you don’t. Without me, you’d fail. You ain’t the brightest star in the sky you know.”
He knew she was lying, baiting him even. She was trying to drive a wedge between the Colonel and himself to do her dirty work.
“Tell me, Freeman, did you enjoy your time of solitude?”
Tsar fell back into the wall before slowly leaning forward into his pain, sputtering between coughs. “I did. I learned a lot. Thank you.”
“Our pleasure. Now prepare for the journey to Philadelphia…”
He snorts. He coughs. He growls. She’s a bitch, but he don’t dare say it. “I’m not going anywhere. I don’t take orders from you.”
“Francine Manning has the SD card. Get your bloody things ready. The arrangements for your flight have been prepared.”
She extended her hand to show him a thin SD card; he noted the familiar symbol on the front, an owl sitting on a book. Before he could inquire, she rattled off commands.
“Once you find the SD card and you will, replace it with this one. This one is a blank, yet the startup is exactly as the other one. It will flash our symbol and request a password. I also have other pertinent details that are above your skill level, but I won’t bore your ignorance with them.”
Processing what the woman just said, his adrenaline hit so hard and so fast, it took his breath away. The pain in his groin became a sudden distant memory as he stood to his feet and advanced toward her, coming nose to nose.
“Don’t mess with me about this; I will kill you right now!”
Her features softened just before she let her forehead drop into his. As though she were speaking to an idiot, she said, “You’re an idiot. Our survival depends upon each other.”
Tsar ran it through his mind like a freight train without speaking, while the King stood and stared at him…
If Francine Manning has the SD card – she is right that we’ll need each other to secure it. If the SD card reaches authorities who are not sympathetic to our cause, it will do extensive damage to the Network, particularly now, as we are closing in on the final days.
“I need to know why you believe, that of all people, Francine Manning would have the SD card. Don’t mess with me on this, and I mean it!”
The note that he had crumpled up and dropped at Manning’s head earlier was in her hand. Wrinkled, but no longer crumpled.
“No one else has found it. No one else has reported it. Consider the sizable search done the same day that the SD card disappeared. Also consider the subsequent searches by our members. Most importantly, she was reported walking the path the morning after the SD disappeared and again in the early afternoon on that same day.”
He hated it, but she had his attention now. As she softened her features, she knew it as well.
“Keep this mission low key, because we don’t know where it’s going for certain. I will handle things should we need to debrief the Senator, understood soldier?”
Tsar didn’t respond, but he drilled her with his eyes as she placed the SD card in his hand.
“It’s exact to the one that Francine may have.”
He turned it back and forth a few times noting again the familiar symbol on the front.
He looked at her with suspicion. She had reported to the Senator that the symbol on the disk was standard Network. This was also a standard symbol, though; it would narrow down the possibilities. This symbol stood for education.
She glared at him with an incredulous scowl as she shoved Manning’s note in his hand. As though she saw something he could not. As though it should be obvious to him as well… but was not.
Tsar tucked the SD card in his pocket and then looked at the note.
It’s just a letter with Manning’s hand writing. So what?
The King nearly ripped it out of his hand and turned it over.
More writing. He looked closely and read it carefully. He reread the second paragraph:

I may have discovered information that can help us maybe even keep Fitz off our backs for good.

The King spun around, swiftly exited to the back of the Network room, headed down the stairs, past the prisoner’s chamber, and deep into the tunnels.
Tsar rushed through the Bunker’s exit, up the stairs, and out into the free world, headed for aviation.



Chapter 39

|OXO|

Frankie stepped out of the air-conditioned taxi into a solid wall of heat; inhaling air so thick with moisture, it nearly clogged her airway. Having stuffed her purse and laptop into a back pack, she threw it over her shoulder. She held her medium-sized duffle bag to her side. Checking her watch, it was 11:28 a.m.. There was a lot to do with little time to do it, before she had to report to Nan or Chase where she was.
She thanked the driver with a smile as she paid the tab. He’d shared beautiful stories about his family with her. She pulled out two additional twenty dollar bills and handed them to him.
Trying to hand her back one of the bills, Frankie tilted her chin, “You wouldn’t insult a lady now would you, sir?” Hesitant to let him go and not wanting to be alone in this big city, she smiled her farewell just the same.
“Well, thank you so much, Miss Frankie. Now remember your hotel is at the end of this road. Take a left and walk three blocks over. It’s directly across from the National Bank. You be very careful, young lady, it’s a big city.”
He nodded a smile and left her with a blessing, “Whatever has brought you here, may God protect you and give you wisdom.” He pulled away from the curb with his hand out the window waving goodbye.
Frankie whispered through her smile, “A male Nan.”
She turned in every direction to take in the strange environment. Having always been protected, never had she realized the extent of that protection until this moment. Being exhausted, Frankie wanted to cry as the taxi slipped out of sight. With her backpack slung over her shoulder and carrying the duffle bag to her side, she felt like a lost two year old at an amusement park who couldn’t find her grandmother.
She walked part way down the short street that crossed over to another street, a busier street. To her right was a huge, ground-level parking lot in front of a four-story building facing the busy street. To her left were six old houses lined along the road with well-spaced, soft-wood trees in front. The ministry she was looking for was right in the middle of those old houses. She pulled her shoulders back and walked in the direction of that middle house.
Entering the ministry building, Frankie opened the door to a long hallway with rooms on each side. A staircase to her right and to the left was the lobby and reception area. A few tables with magazines and empty chairs sat in the lobby. She took a deep breath and walked to the reception desk.
“Hello.” Her voice sounded small and lost.
The receptionist, with warm brown eyes and a gentle smile, responded. “Hello, how can I help you?”
The woman appeared to be in her late thirties with short, shiny brown hair fanning around her heart-shaped face. Teeth so white and perfect, that when she smiled, they didn’t look real.
Frankie sat the duffle bag down but kept the backpack slung over her shoulder. She nodded before she began, “My name is Francine Manning.” She handed the woman her business card from the Village Hotel and Resort. “I’m looking for someone that works here.”
The clerk nodded with a smile as she acknowledged another who entered the lobby. “Please have a seat, sir; I’ll be right with you.”
The clerk apologized to Frankie and repeated her question as she looked down to Frankie’s business card. “How can I help you, ahh… umm…, Ms. Manning.”
“My pastor back home said that there was a gentleman here that might be able to help me. He’s a part of this ministry. I need to speak with him, please.”
With a reassuring smile, “Certainly, we will help you if we can. What’s his name?”
“James Hunter.”
The receptionist seemed to pull back slightly.
“Who is your Pastor, Ms. Manning?”
Frankie reached out for her business card. The woman handed it back to her. Quickly, Frankie wrote Pastor Dave’s name and number on the back side, and handed it back to the receptionist. 
The receptionist looked at what Frankie had written on the back of the card before tapping away at the keyboard. She was horrified that the woman might actually call Pastor Dave, right then, while she stood there!
The woman looked up and said, “I’ll be right back, Ms. Manning. You have a seat.” Frankie was unable to read her expression.
“Thank you.” 
Frankie turned from the reception area into the open lobby. She noticed a man sitting with his head down, looking at a magazine. He faced the receptionist desk from an angle. Frankie sat on the long couch backed up to a bay window. She sat her duffle bag at her feet but kept the back pack to her left, resting her elbow on top of it.
The man held a magazine in front of him and flipped through the pages, flipping too quickly to actually read anything. He seemed a little nervous, perhaps impatient. Frankie made little of it. She, too, felt nervous and impatient.
Stealing a glance at him as he flipped the pages, he had on a blue, New York Yankees cap. His nose protruded about an inch longer than the average. His legs near stretched the length of the floor. Frankie looked at his hands. His fingers, long and slender, were strong. His fingernails were grease-stained. Wearing jeans and work boots with a short-sleeve T-shirt, she wondered if he’d come here on an early lunch break. He seemed rather awkward and perhaps shy.
Glancing up to see if the receptionist and James Hunter were in sight, they were not. She grabbed a magazine from the table to her left. She also grabbed a few of the ministry’s pamphlets from the table and tucked them in her purse, when she heard her name.
“Ms. Manning.”
She was slightly startled due to exhaustion and turned towards the voice.
“Yes, ma’am.” Frankie picked up her things and walked to the window. The receptionist remained standing.
“I have given your information to the proper counselor. He will try to make contact for you.”
“Make contact? Doesn’t he work here in this office?” She tried not to sound as desperate as she felt.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Manning. There must be some misunderstanding between you and your Pastor. The gentleman that you’re looking for is not a counselor here.”
“No?”
Slammed with anxiety, her voice became breathy. “I assumed he was a counselor at this ministry.”
With an apologetic smile, “No, I’m sorry. He isn’t.”
The desperation in her voice slipped out before she could filter it. “But you know who he is then?”
Shaking her head “no” as she replied, “I’m sorry, I cannot answer your questions, Ms. Manning. I can only tell you that the information will be relayed.”
Frankie’s mouth dropped open, stricken with disappointment. “Ma’am, I just flew 400 miles to talk to this person, and my situation is desperate. I must speak with James Hunter.”
“Please sit and wait. I’ll get one of the counselors to speak with you.”
Frankie surprised herself as she sneered at the woman while she spoke. “I don’t want someone to speak with me. My husband’s in a lot of trouble. I have come a long way to speak with James Hunter. Today!”
Two people walked into the ministry just as Frankie was near full volume. She instantly brought herself under control. With tears in her eyes, she shook her head trying to shake off the disappointment.
She looked around the room slowly and a bit sheepishly, feeling some embarrassment for her outburst. Frankie noticed the door closing behind the man with the lanky body as he dipped his head making an exit.
She turned back to the receptionist. These people had no idea how desperate the situation was. Or they did and simply didn’t care, or perhaps, plain numb to it as they saw it on a daily basis. Or maybe everyone here was as broken and hurt as she was right now. In spite of her desperation, she collected herself and apologized.
“I’m so sorry, ma’am. Thank you. If you can please get my contact information to James Hunter, I very much appreciate it. And please, ask your counselors if they would pray for our situation.”
Frankie lowered her head, turned, and left through the lobby.
Outside the ministry, she took another deep breath.
Frankie’s answers would not come in the manner she expected, nor when she expected them. They may not come at all.
Lord, please help us.
Looking around as she stood outside the ministry. She needed to go to her left to the next street. The walk would be less than a half a mile. She took a deep breath and noticed how clean the short street was. Trying to get her disappointment under control to figure out what to do next…
Something isn’t right.
With all that had transpired the past week, she was either paranoid or more intuitive. Not sure which, she let her eyes roam the area more slowly this time. A few empty cars lined each side of the street, a few people walking, and a kid with a skate board – no one paying any attention to her.
Still, something isn’t right.
Her eyes settled on the over-sized parking lot across the street. Only a few cars parked there and all of them were empty except for one.
The driver in the car shifted, seemingly sensing her perusal. On his head – a blue baseball cap.



Chapter 40

|XXX|

Looking out over the Atlantic Ocean, Tsar checked his watch; 4:16 p.m.. He tapped his head set and spoke into the microphone. “What’s our location, Captain?”
As though waiting for any sign of communication from the back of the plane, the man immediately responded. “Just beneath us, sir, is New Haven. We’ll be at your destination within ninety minutes.”
“Thank you, sir.”
The plane was piloted by a member of the aviation community in the Village – no questions asked. The storms from earlier in the day had moved northward, brushing Prince Edward Island before moving out and into the Atlantic Ocean. A tropical storm was now headed up from the south, sweeping through Pennsylvania.
Tsar looked back to the schematics of the hotel that that lay in his lap, the hotel where Francine had reserved a room. His eyes looked, but his mind wandered. The things that he had learned in the Records and Files Room were incriminating and mostly against – Colonel Harrison Manning.
If he considered for a moment that the records were true, then he discovered some enlightening information about Janice Manning also. Her son’s paternity was likely a mystery, not only to her son, but perhaps even to Janice herself. She was then, and is still, a Network prostitute.
Janice Manning had birthed four live children according to the files but only two with birth certificates; Chase “Freeman” and Samantha Manning.
King Charles reference to Tsar as a Freeman troubled him. He and Manning were identical in nearly every way. Colonel Manning had explained to him when he was a teenager, that his appearance had been manufactured. He wondered now why he’d never questioned himself more about the subject and how easily he’d just accepted the Colonel’s explanation.
Tsar was familiar with Network practices and how they scrambled the minds of their subjects.
I may’ve been naïve as a teenager, but what’s my excuse now?
Chase was not a blood born Manning but instead was adopted by Colonel Harrison Manning. The Colonel hated Manning.
Mitchell Freeman died by fire 28 years ago. He was age four, maybe five. All this information confused Tsar.
Perhaps that was the plan? But was any of it true?
And then there was the botched D.C. mission that was also recorded and filed. Tsar’s gut flip-flopped as the memory floated by…

Washington D.C.

Sickened by the memory, still, he had to admit, that this report was accurate in its entirety.

|XXX|

Tsar had been given his first political assassination assignment. His target had not complied with Network orders in his voting on issues. The Congressman liked younger men and was scheduled to be at a hotel close to the White House for a conference. Tsar had been flown in for this assignment.
After several hours of debriefing, drills, and preparation for his target, Tsar was assigned to the hotel where the congressman was scheduled to lodge. When the congressman called down for an “on-site” massage, Tsar was sent in.
He’d had no plans to engage in any sexual activity with the creep, only to kill him. But the congressman had prepared a script of which no training could’ve prepared him for. When Tsar walked into the suite, the performance began.
Overcome by three guards immediately upon entering the suite, Tsar was straddled and strapped to the bed, face-up, within seconds. He tried to remember his training but started to panic when one of his assailants whipped out a blanket. As the blanket floated down about his face, he saw movement in the corner. It was a young and beautiful woman.
She smiled and then winked at him as though she had everything under control.

King Charles; aka – KC!
He had put the failed mission out of his mind and moved forward like a good soldier would. He had survived his first assignment because of the woman, and there was the proof in some small room tucked away in hidden tunnels.
The file was brief but interesting:

Tsar failed his first political assassination assignment. Overwhelmed immediately after entering the subject’s hotel suite – he passed out.

She rescued him.
KC.
Nudging his head to the right, he raised his eyebrow and smirked with sarcasm. Never had a woman so impressed him in the field. But if he could find what he needed to control her on some level, she would be useful and likely necessary, in the days to come.
Tsar made a pyramid with his fingers as he recalled that he’d seen no mention in the Records and Files room of a… “Fancy.”

|XXX|

He looked out over the coastline when he felt a vibration. At first he considered it was the plane but soon realized it was his phone. Pulling it from his pocket, there was a new text on the screen from Sylar with the hotel information and specifics:

Return Flight 7:32 a.m. tomorrow
Room 206
Two members inside on notice
Your room is 208
All supplies and equipment prepared and in dresser
Full report of Francine Manning’s activities in hotel room desk drawer

“He’s certainly efficient.” He shoved the phone back into his pocket as the plane’s engine drowned out his words.
Rubbing his face, he blinked his eyes trying to brush off fatigue. Tsar reassured himself that he would have time to rest when he got to the hotel. According to the King’s itinerary, he’d be flying into another Network member’s private strip located only a few minutes from the hotel. From there, another member would drive Tsar from the private strip to the hotel.
The King had assured him that all those involved were under the impression that the trip was of a personal nature. They were paid well for their services on the trip to Philly. Then she handed him a wallet filled with a wad of cash for the return fare.
The King’s need to protect Francine Manning was a mystery. If he couldn’t figure out who this Fancy was, he might be able to use Francine herself. Tsar felt an unfamiliar stirring as he got an image of Francine Manning who would soon be sleeping in the room next to his. The thought sent an evil thrill through his veins. And at some point, while she was heavily sedated, he would actually be in the room with her – alone.
He’d promised himself twenty years ago, that someday he would destroy Manning. Narrowing his eyes, he spoke to the air. “Having your wife would be a good start.”
Two decades ago on Jagged Island, Tsar had vowed to ruin the man. He had suffered humiliation and death-threatening torture because of Chase Manning’s cowardice.
Endurance training they called it. Loud clanging noises for hours on end. Water boarding. Strapped to a table under bright lights with massive wattage screaming in his face. Poked and prodded with thousands of pins inserted into his skin and all throughout his body. Cavity probes and crawling creatures everywhere…
All because of you Manning.

Jagged Island 1998

Within the warehouse, running off a pier from Jagged Island, Manning had cut a boy-terrorist loose having no idea the hell that he’d unleashed along with it. Tsar tackled and maneuvered the knife from Manning’s hand attempting to stop him. He was too late and just in time for Colonel Manning to arrive, finding Tsar with the knife in his hand. Trying to explain would sound like an excuse.
Excuses in the Network were equivalent to slapping a grizzly bear. Tsar held his tongue and was sentenced for a two-week conditioning program that led to eight more years of torture. Manning was sentenced as well but with a widely different curriculum.
For those next two weeks, Tsar fought for his life.
“Kill or be killed.” Tsar left behind a string of dead bodies during his two-week war. Young men, his own age, from all nations around the globe were brought in; modern day junior gladiators. Tsar took out as many of them as he needed to, to survive.
Some were stronger than Tsar but not smarter. Some were smarter than Tsar but not stronger.
He was programmed to survive.
His reward for surviving and conquering the two week battle would be earning a new title. This title would make him the leader over the attending squadron, beginning his preparations to lead in the decades to come.

And at the end of his two week battle… the plank.

At the tip of the plank, an emaciated kid swayed on a rope which hung from the ceiling inside a barn. He was roped under the arms and harnessed at the waist. His chest struggled to heave. He had given up on life several times over the past few weeks, but they wouldn’t let him die. And now he labored with his last breaths and begged for death.
This kid was the terrorist that Manning had cut free. He was convicted of mass murder.
Watching from a corner above was Colonel Harrison Manning. He observed the crowd and studied Tsar.
With the chants of those screaming beneath in one voice, “Kill… Kill… Kill,” Tsar watched as Manning came to the front. Disorientated and horrified, Manning stood with Tsar on the 2” x 12’ plank which spanned across half the barn. The kid that Manning tried to save would now be executed by Manning’s own hand.

The records in the Files Room detailed a different report altogether. Instead of a mass murdering suicide bomber being executed for his crime, the report stated that Colonel Harrison Manning had ordered the boy executed, and that the boy was actually a victim.
Manning had been under the impression that this all happened somewhere in Germany. He was wrong. Because all of this happened on Jagged Island, right here in northern New England.
These were the sort of records that the Colonel wanted secured. Tsar considered his double-bind predicament. He’d been ordered to secure only, but he would have to report what he found. And he should have already.
This information would have serious consequences to the Colonel if it fell into the hands of civilians, whether true or not. Just like if the SD card fell into the hands of civilians.
But that’s not going to happen, Mrs. Manning. I won’t let it.



Chapter 41

|OXO|

She was barely able to open her eyes, unable to process where she was. In the darkness, her eyes settled on blurry, red numbers. She squinted to focus, the numbers displayed; 4:36.
A thin stream of light, came from a door opened but a sliver. Lying on her side, a slight rush of panic moved her to lean forward on her elbows.
Is someone watching me through that door?
Controlling her fear, she let her eyes adjust. She looked around the room, to the foot and to the sides of the bed.
I’m in a hotel in Philadelphia, with a disk, looking for some James Hunter to hack into it.
She fell back to the bed and slowly exhaled. Slapped with the realization of such a hasty decision to leave her husband she whispered, “Really? Am I nuts!”
Frankie had slept for less than two hours. She checked into her hotel suite and searched the internet for over an hour looking for a James Hunter before she decided to rest. James Hunter, builder. Nothing surfaced.
But the mental image of the man who wore the baseball cap in the parking lot at the ministry earlier did surface.
Oh God. What am I doing? I can’t do this!
There had been many people searching that morning as she and Warden walked past the Old Orphanage, most likely searching for the disk. This was probably much bigger than Ronald Fitz.
What have I gotten myself into?
Her adrenaline chased off most of her exhaustion.
I have to get this disk away from me.
Getting out of bed, feeling heavy but alert, she nearly ripped open the heavy drapes that had tricked her mind into sleeping. She remembered the bank across the street. She wondered how she might entrust them with the disk and leave it there.
She wore a light pink T-shirt and white, cotton running shorts that she’d just napped in, she slipped on her bra and slid her feet into the cork-souled sandals.
Reaching to the desk beside the bed, she grabbed her room key and purse. Frankie double-checked her purse to be certain the wallet was still inside along with the contents.
Good.
She got off the bed, walked to the door leading to the hall, and pulled it open.
Looking both ways, one side was empty, but on the other side, there was a concierge. With a friendly nod, he spoke to her, “Good afternoon, ma’am.”
Frankie smiled and returned the greeting. His nametag spelled, “Walter.”
“Do you know what time the bank closes across the street?”
“Yes, ma’am. It closes in about 15 minutes. But the drive-up is open for another hour.” She double checked that her room door was locked and headed for the stairwell.
“Thank you.”
If she could get this disk to a safe deposit box, then she, too, might feel safe. Or at least safer.



Chapter 42

|XXX|

The sound of the fan from the air conditioner drowned out the rat race on the street below Tsar’s hotel window but had no effect on the trembling ground beneath. As a bolt of lightning struck nearby, his eyes flew open yet he remained still. More storms were forecasted throughout the night.
Lying flat on his back with no pillow under his head, and on a bed made of memory foam, he felt as though a cement slab lay on top of him. Without turning toward the night table, he blindly reached over to the left and reached for his phone.
The time was 9:03 p.m.. No messages.
Frustrated, he had been waiting for his inside contact to alert him that Francine had left the room. Nothing. Apparently she had not left her room since his arrival just after 6 p.m., and he needed to get inside her room and set up surveillance. He couldn’t chance the duty to someone else to go inside and find the SD card should it be in her room.
He pounded the mattress with his phone in his fist as he cursed the ceiling above.
Blowing out some frustration, Tsar tapped out the text;

Update for 206

He hated it, but she was right. King Charles wanted this mission low key and for good reason. The Senator would have no mercy. None of the local members in this area knew why he was here, and he would keep it that way. To them, he looked to be no more than a suspicious lover.
Setting the phone back on the bed, and in spite of the heavy fatigue that pressed upon him, he got out of bed and made his way to the bathroom. He would wait for the sound of a doorbell to chime on his phone for the response.
Having showered quickly, Tsar stood in front of the bathroom mirror. He raised his eyes to see the image that stared back at him – a detestable image. He may be identical to Chase Manning, but as much as they messed with his head during reconditioning programs, he was not the “lost” twin.
I can’t be, damn it!
He made a fist but held it to his side. He felt the need to smash Chase Manning’s appearance. Instead, he let his eyes drop to his hands as he moved to hold them out in front of him.
These are my hands.

|XXX|

Complimentary toiletries lined the right side of the sink. Tsar turned on the cold water and held his hands for a few moments on the knobs before filling his hands with cool water. He splashed the water up and down his arms. He also slapped some water on his chest and then patted his face with several handfuls which aroused his vigilance just when his phone chimed.
Tsar walked to the bed, picked up his phone, and opened the text;

Continuing search of local construction businesses.
Ministries for James Hunter

Tsar had hoped for an answer. Now he, too, would have to join the search. He walked over to his desk and booted up the laptop. Waiting for it to start, he walked to the coffee counter and made a four-cup pot. Next to the coffee pot was a row of wrapped chocolates. Unwrapping one, he put it in his mouth and let some of the smooth chocolate melt before biting into it.
I have to move her.
With this thought, he went back to his computer, entered his password, and began his own search for James Hunter. Several names and businesses displayed from his search. He popped another chocolate in his mouth. Scrolling through several, there was one that caught his attention; “JHF Construction.”
James Hunter? Maybe. And the F?
He scrolled through more but continued to go back and study the “JHF Construction.” Uncertain what the F stood for, his instincts demanded attention.
That’s it. The one she’s looking for; JHF Construction. But why?
Tsar sent out a text to his contact:

Move her

Using his phone, he punched in the location for the business of “JHF Construction.” He noted the distance from the hotel. Not far. He would send a man to the location of this “JHF Construction” and see if he could safely penetrate the office without detection.
Walking to the dresser, he pulled open the drawer. There were two boxes of tissues, a smoke alarm, and a digital clock – all equipped with surveillance cameras. These were identical to what was already in the rooms and were often used as surveillance items that all Network-affiliated hotels used. Also a few vials filled with Ativan, enough to relax someone into a deep, drug-induced sleep.
Taped on the bottom of the next drawer up was a small zip bag with cocaine, a straw, and a mirror. He’d use it later if he needed it. He hated drugs.
He poured a cup of coffee and walked back to the desk where a computer sat with three additional monitors lined up beside it. Tsar sat himself in front of the computer.
The monitor to the left observed the Main Lobby and Tavern. The one to the right showed the corridor leading from the elevator and stairwell to their rooms. The monitor in the middle was black – for now.
Soon it would be broken into quarters with four cameras set up in Francine’s room.
His phone chimed again. He looked at his phone and opened the text;

Please remain in your room for the next fifteen minutes while we evacuate
other rooms on your wing. There has been a reported plumbing issue.
Your room has not been affected.

Tsar replied;

Confirmed

With a somewhat alert Francine Manning, they were smart not to single out her room.
He opened the desk drawer and reviewed the report in more detail from Sylar about Francine Manning’s day in the big city.

11:40 – Freedom Christian Ministries; inquiring of James Hunter. Backpack & purse close at all times. Outburst with receptionist – Hunter unavailable.
12:00 – 2:00 Check in at hotel, made several searches for a construction business using the name James Hunter.
Another report – this one from the hotel clerk which had arrived with Francine’s activities:
4:45 p.m. Entered National Bank, left the reception area to go into the vaulted area. Returned to her room continued searching for James Hunter, a builder, Construction businesses and also Ministries seeking the same name; James Hunter.

As the right monitor came to life, Tsar lay down the report and watched as people began to enter the corridor, making their way to the elevators and stairwell. Francine Manning was amongst them and headed for the Tavern.
Vaulted area Francine? That’s not going to work out the way you think, pretty lady.
Tsar tried to wrap his mind around what she might be thinking with the SD card as he watched about a dozen or so people as they filed into the Tavern at once. As he watched the bartender motion for them to partake of the refreshments laid out on the bar, he sent a text message to Sylar:

Any change in her return flight?

Tsar sent the message and returned his attention to the monitor in the Tavern just as the bartender looked right up into the camera holding a pot of fresh brewed coffee.
That would work. Yes.
He texted his hotel contact;

Dilute 2mg Ativan

Tsar had planned to inject her with a mild sedative once he entered the room but diluting it in her drink would be easier and certainly less risky. She would wake up in the morning feeling groggy, but the side effects would be minimal and subside reasonably.
His phone flashed another message. This one from Sylar Downs;

No change in flight reservation
Return flight 7:32 a.m. Friday
ETA Boston 11:20 a.m.

Raising his eyebrows he thought, whatever she plans on doing, she still thinks it can be accomplished by early morning tomorrow. If that SD card is in the vault…?
Tsar responded to Sylar’s message:

Any info on James Hunter within Village?
History, Network, or otherwise?

Tsar hit send as he opened another chocolate.
His phone flashed, and he read Sylar’s text:

Checking now

The chocolates were addictive. This time, Tsar opened two and stuffed them in his mouth at the same time. He washed them down with the last of his coffee. Six wrappers lay on the desk. He scooped them up and threw them in the trash.
He looked into the monitor covering the Tavern and Lobby. Focusing, he zoomed in on Francine and noted how closely she held her purse. Keeping his eye on the monitor, without looking down, he swiped up the reports. He watched how closely Francine held her purse. He looked to the reports, then back to the monitor.
She either has that SD in her purse, or she left it at the bank.
Either way, he’d know in a few hours if she still had it in her possession. He reviewed the report once again, narrowing his focus.

4:45 p.m.: Entered National Bank, left the reception area to go into the vaulted area. Returned to her room continued searching for James Hunter, a builder, Construction businesses and also Ministries seeking the same name, James Hunter.

If you intend on leaving anything in the bank’s vault, then you must intend to return at a later date, little lady, to retrieve it.
If it wasn’t in her room after the search, then Tsar would place a Leaper to follow her. Once she retrieved it from the bank, they would have to take the SD card by force.
Staring at the blank monitor to her suite, he whispered, “Don’t make me do that, Francine.” Not only would Tsar and the King be at risk, Francine would as well, should any of this be reported to another Network member.
He turned his attention to the monitor which displayed the Lobby and Tavern. He studied Francine’s profile and mannerisms as she sat next to a young family. It was obvious she was drawn to the small child, maybe six months old.
You should have had children by now Francine...
The child reached out to touch her smile. He was impressed with how easily she could spark up conversation with strangers and how quickly they responded to her.
He remembered the brief file on Francine in the Records room; she was a bastard child. Her father marked as “unknown” on the birth certificate, and her mother died giving birth.
An orphan with class, interesting.
The only orphans Tsar knew were referred to as throwaways.
Then again, this King Charles was in a class all her own, and she was a throwaway.
Coffee was delivered directly to Francine from his contact. Tsar continued to watch the monitors. He watched closely as Francine sipped the sedative-soaked liquid. There was a wholesome attractiveness about her, an attractiveness that Tsar was not at all familiar with.
An innocence.
An innocence that he wanted to touch and to taste…



Chapter 43

|OXO|

The window and door locked tight; Francine Manning finished her bed time routine before crawling in between the sheets. The comfort of the bed, welcomed her state of exhaustion.
She’d been wary of the plumbing issue but more at ease when the other guests met her in the hallway. She’d secured her belongings in the safe but kept her purse with her. She checked the safe when she’d returned and saw that nothing was out of place.
Able to eat if the world were ending, she had coffee with a piece of triple chocolate cake while at the lounge. She remembered the touch of that small hand on her lips. Her body yearned to carry her own child.
With mixed emotions as to how this might turn out in the end – her grandmother had repeatedly recited a promise. “…All things work together for good to them that love God…”
Frankie’s yearnings would certainly have to be put aside for the moment, as she focused on her husband, and keeping him safe from Ronald Fitz.
God, please get that disk safely to James Hunter.
Rolling over on her side to face the heavily draped window, she grabbed the additional pillow and pulled it close to her chest to snuggle.
I miss you, husband.
She had charged the recorders earlier. The evacuation messed up her plans to listen to them, but in the morning, she would listen on the flight home. She could listen to them at top speed, listening for sound and skip the silence. She’d done all she could do for one day. Turning to the bedroom clock, it was 10:33 p.m.. She set the alarm for 5 a.m.. Her flight was scheduled for 7:32 a.m..
Closing her eyes, she held her pillow close to her heart.
If death were to come through those doors while she slept, her body was too tired to resist.



Chapter 44

|XXX|

Within a few minutes and without issue, Tsar had set up all four wireless surveillance cameras in Francine’s hotel room during her absence.
He’d watched Francine get into bed and gave her a full ninety minutes of sleep time before his own alarm went off. The time was now 12:03 a.m..
The effects of the drugs, combined with her running around these past few days, caused him no concern about her being in a deep sleep when he entered the room. Flushing the cocaine down the toilet, his adrenaline now fueled with desire.
Wearing a brown T-shirt with khaki shorts, he slipped on a pair of flip flops. Before he made entrance into the hall, he texted his contact to confirm that surveillance had been paused on their floor. His contact confirmed.
Tsar opened his hotel room door and entered the hallway. All clear. Letting his door shut softly, he walked the few feet to Francine’s room and inserted the key card. He entered without looking up and down the hallway, which was something that only a thug would do. Instead, he entered her room as though it were their room.
As soon as the door opened, his breath caught in his chest simply at her scent. Even her smell was one of innocence.
Keeping the room dark, Tsar went over and tugged the heavy drapes to open a bit for the street lamps to lighten the room. He looked to her bed. She was turned on her side and cuddled up to a pillow facing him. She let out soft, whispery breaths. Undisturbed by his presence, he walked to her bedside. Her scent began to beckon him as his body responded to her natural fragrance, a fragrance unhindered with smelly perfumes.
Standing over her, he took a few seconds to inhale her innocence, her sweet aroma. He stroked the hair from her face as his body began its own demands. He put his face down into the nest of her neck and tasted her silky skin. He slowly licked his lips after.
If I find what I’m looking for, you will be filled with me when I leave.
Pulling himself away, he remembered the rules of the System. It was against protocol to have relations with an adversary, for reason of compromising the assignment and potentially allowing emotions to interfere. The Colonel clearly labeled Francine Manning an adversary.
If he violated this protocol, this would be the second disobedience. The first violation being that he’d engaged the Systems Records and Files. Reconditioning and severe repercussions could likely follow. If the Colonel were to inquire, Tsar would not, could not, lie.
His body groaned again, no longer under his control as Francine’s body drew his to hers like a magnet. He shook his head and considered the consequences.
I am a fool to even consider.
Looking around the room, he began the search.
Entering the bathroom, he checked her overnight bag. Nothing. He moved quickly to her closet for her duffle bag and poured through it. Nothing.
He knew she had a laptop with her. He looked under the bed and in the drawers. He rummaged through the closet. Only empty hangers. No purse, no backpack, and no laptop.
It’s not as though there are a lot of hiding options here.
He looked at the safe. It certainly didn’t appear deep enough for a laptop; but she never left the room with it, so it was the only other place it could be. He looked around the room a few more times. Nothing. He looked back to the safe.
What is she? A magician!
He sent a text to his contact who’d been sitting at the front desk when he last viewed the monitors from his room:

Pop the safe

Tsar received an immediate response:

Once the safe is opened we do not know personal codes
In the morning she will have to come to the front desk

Tsar replied;

Proceed

|XXX|

All three items were perfectly stuffed inside; he could already taste his reward.
The vibration in the room as the safe popped open, nudged Francine slightly. As she turned over on her back, she moaned lightly.
Her purse was squished as thin as it could be in front of the computer. He removed her purse. The computer sat on top of a flattened out back pack.
So you are a magician Francine.
He took out her purse and quickly rummaged through it, feeling for the SD card more than looking for it. Inside, was what felt like two rectangular metal objects. He pushed them aside when he felt a wallet!
He rummaged through quickly and pulled out the state ID.
William Ked.
The King had been certain, and Tsar trusted her reasoning, but now it was actually confirmed! So you did have the wallet and SD card this entire time you little genius, you.
As he continued to fumble through things, there was nothing of value in the wallet and no SD card.
Damn it!
Feeling and searching through her purse, he pulled out a wad of cash. Finding the soft stream of light in the room from the street lamps, he flipped through the bills; twenties and fifties.
So what was the bank for then?
And for a quick moment, he considered that she did indeed put the SD card in a safe deposit box.
He felt a flash of anger as he laid her purse on the floor. He took a deep breath, pulled out the computer, and unzipped the protective slip. He slid the laptop out and looked through all ports.
Nothing. Damn it!
And then, he felt it; in its own special little port – a thin disk; identical thickness and width to the one the King had given him. He slid the SD card out, put it deep in his pocket as relief and hot blood flooded his veins, tingling his manhood. He pulled the decoy from his other pocket and slid it into the port.
Setting the laptop back in the protective slip, he zipped it, and stuffed it back inside the safe on top of her backpack. He replaced her purse as it was before and closed the safe door, barely. The code numbers would now turn automatically back to 0000.
He slid the deadbolt to the lock position. He turned back to her bed. His breath thickened with anticipation. Francine lay there peacefully, her breathing steady, serene. Slowly he walked to the head of the bed, savoring the anticipation of true intimacy. Something he’d never shared with anyone. The fact that it would be unilateral was fine with him. Perfect actually.
Pulling his shirt over his head, he let it drop to the floor. He removed the sheet that covered her body, now fully exposing her as she lay there. She stirred, yet not conscious enough to fight him. If she remembered any of what he was about to do, it would be a dream-like memory only.
Her night gown was a thin-strapped, light gray, cotton chemise. The cups were extra small, enhancing the size of her small, yet firm breasts. Her body perfectly toned; not too much and not too little. Healthy. Her arms lay flat at her sides, she moaned but not in fear. Her body beckoned his as a long-lost lover would. Stepping out of the flip flops, he unzipped his shorts and tugged at the sides until they dropped to the floor.
Tsar was in awe of this woman, who in her innocence, so beckoned him. He spread himself over top of her and began kissing her neck, gently at first, but quickly his kisses turned to that of a starved man. He’d never engaged in sex his entire life before where he did not wear a condom. Tonight, would be his first time. Never had he considered that his revenge on Chase Manning would be so delicious.
Her scent, her skin, her moans overwhelmed him. Lifting up her nightgown, he caressed all of her body and soaked in every inch of her as he scooted back off the bed, taking her panties with him.
He began to explore his body with hers, touching her without the use of his hands. He felt her warm, thick moisture guide his penetration allowing for a smooth entry. Within a few strokes, the two bodies began a slow rhythm – as one. Together, they worked to a slow, erotic and mutual climax.
Tsar spent himself inside of her and lingered after, studying her closely. He wanted to embrace and hold onto this moment. He would never be able to repeat what he had just experienced. Not ever.
He looked upon her in a way he’d never seen another person. He gazed into her eyes, they were heavy and stoned, not fearful but content. She struggled to keep her eyes open but she could not. Tsar spoke gently into her ear; “You are beautiful, Francine.”
Mixed with the sound of exhaustion and drugs, her words slurred as a drunken woman whispering, “I love you.”
His phone vibrated, startling him. He shook his head in confusion. He’d been so lost inside Francine that he forgot his place. Quickly he jumped from the bed. His heart immediately began to pound.
What am I doing? What’ve I done!
Part of him was thrilled, the other terrified.
As his training had taught him, he brought his heartbeat back to a normal rhythm with a few deep breaths and looked at his phone. A text from Sylar:

Nothing definitive on James Hunter

Tsar dressed, careful to make everything appear “untouched,” including Francine. He worked quickly and took his leave.
But Tsar left something behind… a part of himself which he could never reclaim.



Chapter 45

|OXO|

Intrusive forces assaulted her and faded. The tumultuous sound would quiet, stop, and then begin again, over, and over. Her eyes rolled in their sockets, blinded by eyelids too heavy to open.
Beeeep. Beeeep. Beeeep………………..
Gradually, the fundamentals began to surface.
Move. Stop the noise.
Blaring only a few feet away, an alarm shrieked for attention.
Struggling to move and to stop the screeching noise, she rolled to her side. She tried to push herself up with her elbow, but her own weight was too much to bear. She dropped back down again.
The blaring continued to shriek.
Frankie wanted to sleep. And she would, if only she were able to find the strength to stop the intrusive noise.
I have a plane to catch. Move, Frankie baby.
The thought that she hadn’t accomplished much, maybe even nothing, assaulted her mind even more than the blaring noise that was now screeching for attention.
She found the strength to reach the alarm and shut it off. She squinted through heavy eye lids. The clock read, 5:11 a.m..
Falling back to the bed flat on her back, tears stung her eyes as she remembered her dream. Chase was making love to her like a desperate man. He called her Francine with a heavy accent.
A sense of fear struck as she considered that the dream felt so real. She could smell him. Feel him. Even taste him but something was wrong. Something was dead. Love? That was it; there was no love, only lust and possession.
The strange dream made her feel sick to her stomach.
With some effort, she pulled herself up and sat at the edge of the bed. Slowly she stood. Nausea, dizziness, and sadness met her all once. She was forced back down to the bed to steady herself.
Tears gathered in the corners of her eyes. The reality of her failed mission could not be denied. She had failed to learn anything of significance to protect her husband from Ronald Fitz.
Please don’t let me go through what Nan has all these years without Gramp. Please help us, God.
Slowly the tears made their way, streaming gradually down her cheeks with a stinging sensation as they pooled at her chin.
She had some reservations about letting the disk go yesterday. She wasn’t sure if it was the right thing to do or not. Still, she hoped that God was in control of it all.
Disappointed to learn that while inside the vault, FDIC rules enforced that only the owner of the safety deposit box could access the contents. She was unable to leave the disk for James Hunter to retrieve. The representative offered her an alternative; to have a secure courier deliver it to a destination. Frankie graciously accepted the offer. She filled out the appropriate paperwork, paid the fee, and left the disk with the representative. That was all she could do.
Wasn’t it?
Yesterday she had run around like a crazed woman with that disk.
Had I not been so crazy and exhausted, maybe I would’ve thought to leave the disk at the ministry to begin with.
God! What am I doing? And who, and where on earth, is James Hunter?
An image dropped into her mind, and as clear as a still-shot picture, there it lay… on a reddish desk top in Pastor Dave’s office. A manila folder labeled; HF 1988.
Curiousity sat her back to the edge of the bed. Tilting her head back and forth, she rolled the image around a bit before she mumbled softly to the empty room.
I am following James Hunter. Who is HF? If the H is for Hunter, then what is the F for? Hmm.
She pondered this as she sat on the edge of the bed.
She could feel some of that hope from yesterday begin to stir. She could also feel the need to get to the toilet.

|OXO|

Taking a shower had added a great deal to her physical strength, the heaviness now lifting. Still not a hundred percent, she could now think more clearly and move at triple the speed than she could before the shower.
If there was a man in the Village with Hunter in his name during 1988 – and he spent any time in the Village or their church, Nan would remember. There was also the chance that this James Hunter never visited the Village personally. The Pastor had only said that he’d worked with him. It could’ve been over the phone counseling, a group ministry, or a pastors meeting perhaps. And if the man was a carpenter, what place would he have in a ministry?
Rechecking her last thought, she chuckled at her own ignorance. “Thank You, Jesus. This is it. This is my breakthrough, I can feel it!”
She glanced at the clock on the desk: 5:42 a.m.. Picking up the complimentary pen and pad of paper, she wrote out the letters; J H & F and then the word – Construction. If anything were to stall her flight plans at this late hour, she would miss the flight.
Maybe there is one more thing I can try.
She checked the clock again, still 5:42 a.m..
What’s a missed flight when so much is at stake?
If nothing turned up, then she was done here. If something turned up, then it might just lead to a trail of answers and a missed flight.

|OXO|

Frankie had stared in disbelief at the open phone book. It was right there – J H F Construction. The office was located a few miles away. She was exhilarated! She looked out her hotel room window, held her hands open and gave thanks to God.
The exhilaration helped her to move past all the heaviness now as she planned her next move. Offices usually opened around 8 a.m. in the construction field, and she hoped James Hunter would be in his office and not at a jobsite. If she had to follow him to a job, she would.
She’d called for a taxi to take her to the airport. But Frankie wasn’t going to the airport.
She had forty-five minutes to get her breakfast and meet the taxi. She left for the dining room. Taking the elevator down, she stepped out onto the main floor, and right there in front of her was the breakfast area. Looking around the room, she inhaled the aromas and took in the colorful assortment of choices.
Now this is no continental breakfast...
Bacon, sausage, ham, scrambled eggs, French toast, beans, and home fries in warmer bins. Cold cereal in variety. A waffle maker with the mix next to it. Juice, coffee, milk.
A baby whale… Frankie baby.

|OXO|

She had a half of waffle with bacon, milk and coffee and left before she was further tempted. There were too many important things on her schedule this morning to fall asleep from a food-hangover.
On her way back, she noticed how closely the concierge watched her as she walked down the hall to her room. He was the same man from yesterday. She steeled her eyes at him and moved past him without intimidation.
Move along, mister.
In light of the revelation with JHF Construction, Frankie felt more confident. Her grandmother’s voice steadied her and gave her strength. With a sense of victory and assurance, she recited the Scripture out loud; “If God be for me who can be against me?”
She didn’t look back to see if the man still watched or even heard, instead she stepped inside her hotel room.
The taxi would arrive in about thirty minutes. Using the coffee pouch, she started the coffeemaker, then gathered her few things in the room and threw them in the duffle bag, mixing clean with dirty clothes. Chase would be disgusted.
She looked around the room, satisfied that she had everything except her purse, backpack, and laptop. Squatting down to the safe, she punched in the code; 0206.
It didn’t open.
What? I know that’s my code. A zero first, then the room number. What’s going on here?
She tried a few more times. She tried putting the zero after the room number. Frustration began to smother the confidence she’d felt a moment ago. Racking her brain over the events of last evening, she ran them through her mind quickly. A deep unsettling gripped her – the memory of sitting in the lounge and drinking coffee. The same man that had told her what time the bank closed was the same man walking the halls just now. They’d been evacuated from their rooms. He had served her coffee last night as well.
Do you work 24 hours a day, mister?
Nor did she remember anything once she went to bed, only the dream.
The dream, it was so real.
She could even smell her husband while she showered this morning. The faint smell of their love-making was still there, as she’d not had time to shower since Maine. Or maybe it wasn’t so faint?
Was I drugged? Is that why I woke up feeling so heavy?
She felt her adrenaline rush so quickly, her stomach jumped. Frankie picked up the phone and dialed zero. A lady with a professional voice answered and identified herself as Trista.
“Hello, this is room 206. My name is Francine Manning. I can’t open my safe.”
A calm voice responded, “It happens. No need to panic, ma’am. Did we take a copy of your license upon check-in?”
She breathed a sigh of relief, “Yes, ma’am.”
“Thank you. Our protocol is for two to be present for safety purposes. One stands in the hallway while the other comes inside the room and approves over the phone with the front desk to open the safe. Please hold.”
For a brief moment, the line was silent and then the woman’s voice returned. “Yes, I have someone to cover the desk for me. We’ll be right there.”
Frankie was relieved. “Thank you.”
She began to pace back and forth when the welcomed smell of coffee found her. She poured herself a cup and shut off the burner. She dumped the rest and rinsed out the pot. Walking to the window, she couldn’t see anything outside. She was unable to see past her suspicious thoughts.
What happened last night?
Sipping her coffee, she paced. Frankie reasoned that she really had nothing of value in there that couldn’t be replaced. Even her laptop had been recently backed up to an external drive.
Thank, God, I got the disk out of here.
She began to consider the worst case – her purse would be missing. It would be an inconvenience, but she would survive. She couldn’t board a plane without an ID. She couldn’t rent a car, she wasn’t even sure if she could take a bus.
Can I get a wired transfer without an ID? Would someone have to fly out, rent a car, and drive me home? Oh, please no. That would be completely humiliating!
A soft knock at the door made her jump. Taking a deep breath, she turned, walked toward the door, and checked the peephole. A woman with an ID tag etched, “Trista” stood smiling on the other side of the door. Frankie could clearly see her face and her name tag. A young man stood beside her.
Frankie slid back the deadbolt and opened the door.

|OXO|

A few miles from her destination, JHF Construction, Frankie mulled over the mysteries of the past night. Someone had access to her safe. They took the slim disk of pictures she’d taken of her and Chase while in Maine and replaced it with a decoy. The decoy had the same owl symbol sticker on the front as the one she had sent with the secure courier yesterday. When she tried to open it, the screen showed the same symbol requesting a password as the original did.
She considered she should be grateful that was all that was missing. She’d copied the pictures onto her hard drive and uploaded them to her Dropbox account, leaving the disk in the port. An inadvertent decoy.
It just mighta saved my life!
More convinced now that she had been drugged, the dream of making love with her husband made her uneasy.
Uneasy?
She should be terrified but she wasn’t. Certainly there were no signs of being harmed or violated when she woke – only the heaviness. She suspected that she could have been drugged. Or maybe that she was just exhausted. Careful not to become paranoid-centered, she pushed it all aside and remembered her goal.
Nail Fitz.
Save your husband!
She focused on her new mission of the day; finding JHF Construction – James Hunter. She took a deep breath, exhaled, and relaxed a bit as she looked to the swaying trees lined up along the highway.
Today was windy but clear. The weather had been stormy through the night, and she knew this only because of the wet pavement and mud puddles spotted here and there.
The driver spoke, breaking the silence. “Where’re you from, ma’am? Your accent is neutral with a hint of Massachusetts. New England area?”
She flashed him a smile and responded, “Yes. I’m from New Hampshire.”
“I hear it’s beautiful.”
“It sure is but mostly in the late spring, summer, and early fall. The winters are also beautiful but very long.”
The driver smiled at her. “I’d love to see it. I’ve made it as far as New York, but I hope to make it to Northern New England someday.”
Pulling into a near-empty, over-sized parking lot, Frankie let out a soft chuckle. “I suggest you do that in July then, sir. Otherwise, you may be coldly disappointed.”
He smiled as he pulled into the obsolete strip mall. “Thank you for the advice, and I’ll plan accordingly.”
Frankie nodded a smile at him and then took in the view of the parking lot. Her eyes found and settled on a small and subtle sign in a large, display window; “JHF Construction.”
She pointed to the office sign and with a bit of excitement and relief she directed him, “Over there, sir. There it is.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
He pulled in front, and Frankie opened the door. She walked to the driver’s window and handed him three twenties. “Thank you, sir. I hope you are able to come up our way someday. It is beautiful there.”
As she spoke with the driver, the beauty of the time together she had just shared with Chase as husband and wife in Maine came to mind. These memories surfaced making her sound more vulnerable than she’d intended.
He thanked her for the generous tip and must have noticed the sound of vulnerability in her voice. “Would you like me to wait for you, ma’am?”
Frankie smiled, “You know what. That’d be great, thank you.” Frankie looked at the clock on the meter, 8:02 a.m.. “If I’m longer than ten minutes, go on without me.” She handed him three more twenties.
“I’m happy to wait, ma’am.”
Frankie nodded graciously and turned. She stepped out into the parking lot of what appeared to have been at one time, a busy market place with about thirty separate units. The place was now outdated and filled with emptiness, having only a few units occupied.
She grabbed the doorknob, feeling a little queasy, but hoped that just on the other side of that door were the answers that would protect her husband and their marriage.

|OXO|

There were two desks in the room of the spacious front office. To her left, a hall leading to two more rooms. Frankie studied the friendly face that softened when she entered.
“Hello, can I help you?”
Frankie smiled and said, “Yes, thank you. May I speak with James Hunter, please?”
The lady tilted her head and then replied. “Hmm, I’m afraid he’s much in demand at this time. Is there something I can help you with?”
She held back her disappointment, not wanting to repeat her embarrassment from the day before. “No, thank you. But I really need to see him this morning. My return flight leaves soon.”
“I’m sorry, but he’s away right now. Something of a personal nature and I’m not sure when he’ll be back.”
To cover some of her anxiety, she lowered her head to take a business card from her purse and handed it to the receptionist. She spoke with a voice that was contradictive to her emotions. “Please have him call me as soon as he’s available.”
The receptionist handed Frankie a business card as well; JHF Construction with contact information. Frankie thanked her and turned, walking for the door.
“I certainly will Ms… ah um... Manning.”
Startled at the sound of her name, Frankie casually turned back to the receptionist when her eyes caught a glimpse of a picture on the wall. Without processing the familiarity but recognizing it nonetheless… that something was familiar, yet certainly out of place.
Frankie’s eyes settled on the receptionist. But Frankie didn’t actually see the woman as her mind continued to process the picture on the wall. Half there mentally, she realized that the woman was looking at the business card Frankie had just handed her. Stupefied, this was how the lady knew her name.
Frankie shifted her eyes back to the picture on the wall. The picture looked natural, familiar… but not on that wall!
Unable to comprehend why she was seeing what she saw and where she saw it, Frankie turned back to the woman at the desk.
What’s happening, this isn’t possible!
Frankie could not conceal the shock and confusion from her body language. The receptionist pulled back her eyebrows in question of Frankie’s facial expression. The woman looked genuinely confused. No mockery, no mind games. Frankie turned her head back to the wall and walked over to study the picture. She realized that she was not breathing.
She let the air out of her lungs and steadied herself the best she could, forcing the words out, “Is this James Hunter in the picture?”
The woman got up from her desk and walked around to Frankie’s side. Her mannerisms were kind and gentle using the tone of a kindergarten teacher. “Yes, it is. He’s with his son in this picture, Mitchell. Mitch was about nine years old there.”
Frankie studied both father and son for a moment. This man with similarities of her husband, and the child… is her husband. Yet, there was something about Chase’s eyes in the picture; sweet, soft, and innocent. Even as a child, Frankie noticed how Chase often furrowed his brows into one long one. And never did he look so sweet and innocent.
An air of awkwardness fell over the room. Frankie realized how quiet she’d become as the receptionist gently inquired. “Do you know Jim Hunter, Ms. Manning?”
As the shock stilled her body and mind, she struggled to find words. “No. Ah… umm, I’ve never met him but his boy, Mitch, looks like my best friend when he was that age.”
Frankie turned to the woman. Again, all she could see was sincere concern. There was also a hint of curiosity to her expression as her lips curved into a tender smile.
With a nod to end the meeting, Frankie bid her farewell. “Thank you for your time, and I do hope Mr. Hunter will contact me. I’m certain he would benefit as well. Have a good day.”
The nice lady dipped her head as she responded, “You as well, Ms. Manning. I’ll be certain to tell him of your inquiry and give him your business card.”
“Thank you. Bye now.” Frankie turned back towards the exit, followed by the receptionist’s farewell.
Walking for the exit, there was a plaque beside the door that simply read;

..when good men..



Chapter 46

|OXO|

Frankie’s mind reeled with all the unexpected events over the past few weeks. To find a plaque with similar words like the one at Nan’s, along with a picture of her husband in the same strange man’s office, could not be a coincidence.
The safety belt light turned off, and the gentleman sitting next to Frankie got up and moved to a vacant row. She was fortunate that the airline was generous when someone missed their flight. Without a big to do; they put Frankie on the next flight out.
She would be in Boston in less than four hours. Friday afternoon would be busy in the city; she hoped to be home before dinner.
Before she boarded, she used the airport’s phone to call Chase’s cell phone. Disappointed that he didn’t answer, part of her worried that he was okay; the rest of her prayed that he was. She left a brief message.
She called Joe. He hadn’t answered either. She left him a message as well, asking him to check the house to see if Chase was alright, let him know not to worry she’d be home soon. Feeling a sense of panic, she wanted to also call Nan, Cody, or Julia but decided against it. She didn’t want Chase to seem needy, because once things settled down he’d be upset about it.
Things will settle down, right Lord?
Again she considered what she had just seen in James Hunter’s office…
Maybe not.

|OXO|

Shifting in her seat, she moved her belongings and settled them into the vacant seat beside her. On the way to the airport, Frankie had the driver make a quick stop at the ministry. They would tell her little to nothing, only that they did receive the package with the disk from the bike courier.
Considering all the deception over the past few days, her mind was muddled with so many questions… how angry will Chase be with me? How will I tell him what I’ve learned? And just what did I learn? That there was a picture of him on James Hunter’s wall. And why is his picture there? And why would some stranger use similar words as my grandfather?
She looked out the plane window as her mind cartwheeled with more questions… does Chase know or remember James Hunter? Or perhaps this picture was Chase prior to meeting her and Nan when he was nine years old, and he has no memory of it.
Frankie remembered Chase saying, “I can’t remember much before I met you and Nan, and I don’t know why.” And that he had only picture memories of his childhood.
How is that possible?
Or was the little boy with James Hunter, Chase’s brother – his identical twin? The boy, his eyes seemed more relaxed, which brought about a softer expression than Chase had in general, sweet even.
With all that she’d learned the past week, combined with ten years of marriage, she was left with two serious considerations; one, that her husband led a double life or, two, that he was a twin.
There was now supporting evidence for both. Certainly there were other strange events in Chase’s life that one might consider, like being reared as some sort of spy or something. His parents were rather strange.
Chase was born in Germany. He was brought to the Village of his ancestors when he was five. He left there at the age of 14 and was gone for about eight years to live in Germany with no contact, save a few letters. He’d been in the Navy and didn’t tell her until just a few days ago. Then there was this pole dancing woman speaking German who showed up at their anniversary dinner. A trophy sweatshirt missing for 15 years also showed up the same day that the woman did. Frankie’s heart sunk as she considered the worst of all; William Ked.
Is it possible that Chase is a part of all this madness? Does he lead some weird double life? If so, could he have killed that young man? If he did, then Fitz would be right and Chase would be wrong.
No! That just doesn’t fit no matter how I spin it.
Pressing her fingers into her forehead, she massaged her temples, trying to make sense of it all.
The cover of the book – “The Red Dragon Cast Down” materialized in her mind. She closed her eyes tightly.
I cannot accept that. I will not accept it.
She went back over what she did know about William Ked.
How is Ked connected to my husband?
He had had minimal contact earlier in the day with Chase, tried to deliver his old high school jersey and wound up dead later that night. He had a code-secured disk in his wallet. Was he trying to get it to someone? Chase perhaps?
Whatever was on that disk was important enough for someone to break into my hotel room in the middle of the night and get inside my safe.
Becoming certain now that whatever was going on was much bigger than just the events within their small Village. She’d set off on this journey to protect her husband. Whatever was going on was big enough to reach her in Pennsylvania within minutes of her arrival. That lanky man at the ministry with greasy nails and a Yankee’s cap...
Frankie had set out to save her husband from Fitz and now she wasn’t exactly sure if her husband was – who he thought he was.
Good Lord, what is happening?
The flight attendant tapped Frankie’s shoulder, and though Frankie could not really hear the words, she could read the woman’s lips, “Would you like a beverage?”
The pressure in the cabin filled her ears. Instead of yelling – I need a bottle of whiskey, straight please! – Frankie simply pointed to the water and mouthed the words, “Thank you.”
The stewardess put some ice in a cup and poured some bottled water. She handed it to Frankie. She drank it all in one gulp and handed the cup back with a gracious nod. As the stewardess walked off, Frankie let her head fall back on the headrest mumbling; “How on earth do I tell Chase any of this when I get home?”
Frankie knew that this would be too much information for him at once. Although a strong man, there were parts of him that were fragile, extremely unstable; his mood swings, his drinking, his hatred of Fitz, and even hatred of his own family.
She decided that she would call Pastor Dave on the way home, start by apologizing, and beg his forgiveness. The Pastor would not be happy that she stole confidential information from him and then ran off to find a man under his trusted council. But she’d have to face the music sooner or later. Better sooner.
My life becomes more and more complicated!
Frankie opened her purse for a mint, but instead, her fingers brushed strange objects; the recorders. She had charged them for about an hour before they were called out of the hotel room last night.
She pulled one of the recorders out.
How much can one person take?
She let it fall back into her purse. She pulled it out again and looked at it as though it were her enemy.
I hate you already!
She plugged in her earphones…



Chapter 47

|OOO|

The assaulting odor of rubbing alcohol stung his nose, stirring him to the surface and away from buried memories. Unwanted memories.
Move your hands.
He twisted his hands.
Yes. My hands.These are my hands.
His hands and feet obeyed his command to twist and to turn, shedding some small relief that at least he was no longer paralyzed. Trying to lift his right hand – he could only raise it about an inch before it stopped. He twisted and lifted all of his limbs at once. They barely budged.
But I can feel them now.
On a flat metal surface, with only a thin layering in between, Chase Manning was trapped.
Although his head was free, he was bound around the chest, thighs, wrists, and ankles.
I can feel my body, but now I can’t move it.
He kept his eyes shut, shutting out the reality of where he was and in a helpless state. Suffocation wrapped around him like plastic. He sucked in the last bit of air and held it, filling in his lungs.
Choosing unconsciousness, Chase began to descend back to the safe corners of his mind when a blurry self-image in the distance shot like an arrow in his direction. Lips were moving on the blurred face – the words sounded with an eerie echo…

Your wife is waiting for you, so I won‘t be late.

With his eyes still closed, he released the air with a slow force from his lungs. Pushing back the panic – fear for his wife’s safety, he remembered the fight. Survival. Not just his, but mostly hers.
Denial was not an option.
Being a world away in Germany left him with slim options.
But I’m not dead. Not yet.
He opened his eyes a sliver. Shifting them covertly back and forth at his feet, there were two metal tray tables lined up against the wall. One table held syringes, gauze, and metal utensils, the other table had a bed pan.
Breathing hurt. Really hurt. With the effects of the paralyzing drugs wearing off, Chase became acutely aware of the seizing pain on his left side where the savage Tsar had kicked him. He willed himself to be more vigilant for his wife’s sake.
Voices in the distance drifted through an open door. Chase stilled his movements and closed his eyes, searching his memory for the outlay of the Detention Center. The sound of footsteps quickly tapped out, and headed in his direction. If he were fortunate enough to be unbound, he hoped to remember the way out – a way of escape.

|OOO|

“You cannot protect your wife, Chase Manning. Not from this.”
Chase was startled at the strange and yet familiar sound of the voice who put his thoughts into words. He opened his eyes completely, and the first image he could see was his own, in an over-sized ceiling mirror above him.
The top of a woman’s head appeared beneath the ceiling mirror and glided across the floor towards his side. Her hands in the pockets of a light blue nurse’s jacket, she came to a halt beside him, quieting her heavy clogs on the tiled floor.
This is not King Charles.
Her entry moved the stale air in the room, arousing the smell of rubbing alcohol and… roses.
In disbelief, he closed his eyes and then slowly turned his head for his eyes to meet hers.
The Nurse?
With a knowing grin, “Hello, Chase. It’s been a long time.”
Glaring at the woman in disbelief, “What! Whoa. What’re you doing here?”
Her expression turned to confusion, “Here?”
He noticed how tight her hair was pulled back. “What’re you doin’ here in the DC?”
“The DC, Chase?”
Furrowing his brow, he narrowed his eyes, “The Detention Center.”
With a soft chuckle, “You’re not in Germany, nor are you in any Detention Center, Chase. Tsar fashioned the Bunker to resemble the Detention Center to appease the Colonel. You’re not on a military base in Germany, and I assure you that you are still in the Village of your childhood. You are on the inside of the Shelter.”
Relieved he was at least close to home; he loudly exhaled as he took a closer look at the Nurse. The woman didn’t appear to have aged at all in over 20 years!
Before he could stifle his thoughts, they spilled out, “I’m having another freak dream aren’t I?”
“No. You’re not.” She leaned over and looked directly into his eyes, “Your dreams, as you call them, are most often, your life in denial.” She began to move her hands about his sides, pressing gently. When she came to the places Tsar had kicked, small whimpers of protest escaped him.
“The discomfort in your ribs is temporary. I assure you nothing is broken. You can think past this pain.”
Scowling, Chase demanded of her with his eyes – to stop handling him. Practically seething, he further demanded, “Would someone tell me what the hell is goin’ on around here?”
She patted him on the chest. “We need to talk about these freak dreams, as you call them, Chase. Change is coming and we can’t stop it. Nobody can. But just maybe the majority can choose how it comes to us – to those of us in the System.”
The Nurse turned away from him and looked toward the door. Chase painfully strained to pull himself up to see the direction that the Nurse was looking in, when he saw her. Her palms rested on each side of the threshold as she leaned in grinning at him.
King Charles.
“Sorry, chap, I was surrounded by Southside when you buzzed me earlier. Not a good time for a chit chat.”
He dropped back down, relaxing into the pain. “And you people think I’m in denial? What kind of woman calls herself a King?” Chase chuckled lightly until the pain in his ribs made him gasp for air.
The King spoke up ignoring his insult as she walked to the side of the gurney, and leaning in close to him, she explained. “You are still in the Village, Chase; inside the Shelter above the tunnels. I waited for Tsar to leave and we carried you here to the Northside from Southside. Like you, Tsar isn’t sure which side I’m workin’.”
Chase mocked her using her own British accent, “Well. Which bloody side is it your, highness?”
She pulled back lightly and tilted her head, “Neither.”
There was quiet for a moment as Chase considered her answer. He studied her. She was telling the truth. If she wasn’t for him or for Tsar, then who?
He narrowed his eyes as she leaned in closer to him, diving deep into his eyes. Their eyes held and locked.
Frankie.

|OOO|

Oh, God! It would make sense. Back all those years ago at the lodge? KC was protecting… Frankie!
Chase watched as the self-proclaimed King moved slowly and thoughtfully to the other side of the room. Straining to see in her direction, he watched her drop her shoulders as though she felt some guilt. And then of her own freewill, she came to his side and leaned over him with a playful, yet devious smile.
Without him asking, she answered, “Yes, Chase, I am KC.”
He squinted. “Are you that little girl in the picture with my grandmother, too?”
As though the question came somewhere from outer space, KC cocked her head in confusion and narrowed her eyes. “I’m not sure what you mean. Some wee girl in a picture? But ugh, Yes… I am KC, hence… King Charles.”
He took a quick breath, sucking in a mixture of emotions. He considered their childhood relationship. She was an orphan, a throwaway. But Janice and Pap – they knew KC. But how?
Chase’s mind began to spin. He took those memories of the past and spun them off into space, leaving him with one question. “Why didn’t you just tell me you were KC from the start, why all this charade bullshit and phony accent?”
When KC didn’t respond, Chase snorted in disgust, “you were in Germany; you picked up my sweatshirt and trophy that night of the championship party. Even then...” He paused and then repeated with more volume, “Even then… you did not identify yourself. Why not damn it?!”
She touched his hand as a sister would, but he tightened his fist in protest as she started with a lame excuse.
“To protect you; to share it in the proper timing so that you could handle it in your own way, Chase.”
He scoffed at her, “I just saw my dead father. Explain that for me would you, old friend.”
Her features became tense at the question, her voice more resolute, “Your father is alive, Chase. What we don’t know yet is; is he a friendly? Your wife just left his office right outside of Philadelphia. She’s been trying to get highly covert information to him, and soon the Network will know.”
Like a snap of lightening, he became intensely aware of every nerve ending in his body at the thought of his wife alone with Pap. Chase was even more fearful of his own father than he was of Tsar being alone with her. His voice wavered, anger now replaced with raw fear as he turned to face her. “Does Pap have Frankie? Damn it, tell me!”
“No. Colonel Manning does not have your wife. And for as many years as I’ve tried to protect us all – this is bigger than me, you, and the entire Northside. It’s why I’m here. And now your Francine has complicated the danger even more so. But the one you call Pap, he is not your father. You’re not a bloody fool, you must’ve suspected as much through the years.”
Chase’s world had been filled with secrets and lies all of his life where his family was concerned. Somewhat prepared for this news already, there was little effect in this moment as to who fathered him. Chase bit out the words, “Let me go. Let me go now, so I can protect her!”
“We can’t let you go, Chase, not until you have a clear understanding of what we are up against.”
“What does, who my real father is, have to do with my wife’s safety? Please tell me.”
KC explained, “Colonel Harrison Manning still lives – but not as he once did. It’s complicated, but we can sort that all out at another time. Harrison Manning is not your father. Hunter Freeman is your father; aka… James Hunter. We have sources that reported Francine in the past few hours, having made indirect contact with Freeman. Fortunately, one of our System operatives just reported having retrieved the Network SD card before she could deliver it to Freeman, which could prove fatal.”
“You’re lying. She would’ve told me!” But he knew, even as he said it to KC now, he knew. He knew as soon as he’d considered his wife’s note while walking on the trail, that note that she’d left at the cabin. She said that she’d discovered something. She found it to be important enough to leave him in the middle of the night while he slept. She had plotted like a mother trying to save a child, or a wife… plotting to save her husband. She had no idea what she was walking into.
Stepping back into his view, the Nurse added, “No we are not lying, Chase. This is the denial we speak of. It served its purpose in the past but now it’s become lethal; to us, to you, and to your wife. Francine is in imminent danger – the more you share with her, the more danger you will bring. You can’t tell her about us, and you can’t tell her about the Network. You know that she’ll involve herself, risking her life even, just as she’s done by seeking out Hunter Freeman. Silence is the rule, Chase, even now.”
He looked from the Nurse to KC. Panic pressed all about him as he remembered the things that he had just shared with Frankie while they sat on the beach in Maine. Things he’d shared out of sheer desperation, and in part, hoping that she’d never leave him.
Why would I so carelessly break the sacred rule of silence? Damn it! What have I done?
The Nurse spoke the truth. Frankie would risk her life. Chase steadied his eyes on KC.
After all these years, does KC still care about Frankie? Can I trust her?
These women were the same but they were also different. He wasn’t sure who or what to trust for his wife’s sake when a memory surfaced…

Frankie was drowning. Chase froze. KC saved her.
The backseat of Fitz’s cruiser; She was protecting him, she was protecting them, she was protecting… her.

With these memory bits, Chase had to consider who she was today. KC was different with this phony accent and all involved in an underground mob, a mob that she called the Network.
How can I possibly trust her? She’d led Tsar directly to Frankie with nothing more than a sweatshirt.



Chapter 48

|XXX|

The aromatic pleasure of Francine Manning lingered... intoxicating.
Tsar had watched from his room next to hers this morning as she struggled to wake up. Her alarm had sounded for a full ten minutes before she could move to shut it off. Something tugged at him for her helplessness. Once she was up and in the shower, he slipped out of the hotel room, through the back staircase, and out to a waiting car.
He had slept for three hours solid and only roused himself once he felt the plane begin to descend. And as the plane descended, the muddles of distant voices were lost to the sound of reversed thrusters.
Just after 11:00 a.m., Tsar was safely delivered to LakeRidge. The pilot pulled into his private hangar as Tsar tried to shake off the heaviness of sleep.
Like a teenager with his first virgin, Tsar was anxious as to how much of this would show in his body language when the Colonel summoned him. He would no doubt be waiting for him in the Bunker. Hoping to appease the Colonel with securing the SD card, he slapped his front right pocket to be certain he still had it.
This should offset any suspicion the Colonel has. I hope.
His local in Philadelphia had texted while Tsar was in flight and reported that he could not safely make entrance to James Hunter’s office without drawing attention. The office had only one entrance, the front door. Also, a background check revealed that Hunter had lived in the area for the past 30 years. He had no Network association, no criminal background – just a thriving business. No history prior to 30 years ago in Philly. No fingerprints on file.
His contact confessed that it was a brief investigation, and should Tsar need further background on the man, he would need authority to use Network channels. Tsar didn’t want to bring any attention to Network leadership as to his reason for being in the Philadelphia area. Tsar dismissed further investigation. Certainly with such a clean history, or no history for that matter prior to 30 years ago, any investigation wasn’t worth the risk of exposure.
Once inside the hangar, the pilot invited Tsar back into his man cave for a drink. Tsar accepted cautiously.
Walking behind the bar, “What’s your pleasure, sir?”
Tsar replied, “Whiskey, straight.”
Partial paranoia perhaps but more likely drawn from decades of experience, Tsar watched as the man opened a new bottle and poured it into the shot glass. Much of his earliest training was under the forced influence of drugs and alcohol. Tsar hated them. Sometimes the job required some cocaine to keep him alert, but his goal was to avoid all drugs as much as possible and not more than a shot or two of whiskey.
The man handed the glass to Tsar. “So what’s hot and happenin’ in Philly?”
Tsar didn’t want to get chatty with the man. He took his offer for a drink from gratitude for the time he spent to fly all the way out to Philadelphia to retrieve him. He also didn’t want twisted facts to get back to the Senator. If there was the slightest indication that Francine successfully opened the contents of the SD card… they would kill her.
Knowing he had to feed him something, “Personal nature.” Tsar tipped the whiskey glass. It burned as he swallowed, bringing his innards to life as the poison reached his gut. Trying not to cough like a schoolboy, he made a sour face and then cleared his throat.
Tsar put out his right hand. As they released the handshake, they confirmed their affiliation by pulling their hands back halfway and clutching fingers. “Thank you for the lift, I hope to return the favor someday.”
Tsar released the man’s grip, pulled out the wallet from his pocket, and laid out fifty, one hundred dollar bills. Before handing over the wad of cash, Tsar noticed a picture in the midst of it and pulled it back quickly before the man could see it. He looked at it briefly, trying not to appear confused or surprised, before he slipped the picture back into the wallet.
With a wide smile, the man responded as he stuffed the bills in his pocket, “You just did.”
Tsar dipped his head and left the man cave. As he exited through the hangar, using the side door, he had a few questions about the strange picture in his wallet and how it got there.
Why does this King Charles like to twist my wits so?
Tsar kept his stride as he moved toward the waiting van with Sylar sitting in the driver’s seat.
I will find what I need to control you, woman, I promise…



Chapter 49

|OOO|

KC and the Nurse stood beside him. He was leery to trust them. But right now – his freedom was in their hands.
Chase pleaded, “Please, let me go so I can protect my wife. Tsar threatened that he was going after her, I’m begging you to please let me go.” Squirming within his binds, his ribs screeched in protest forcing him to stop.
The Nurse came forward. “We can’t do that, Chase, not yet. Tsar will bring no harm to your wife and of that we have no doubt.”
Breathing rapidly increased his discomfort, but he bit back the pain. “You people know nothing of this savage!”
Unnerved by his protest, the Nurse encouraged him. “Chase. You must calm down and control the pain with your mind. We have much to work through. Please. Cooperate.”
All was quiet for a brief moment except the sound of Chase gasping in short breaths to calm his breathing and to distance the immediate pain in his ribs.
Weakened, he asked, “Why are you both here after all these years? What the hell’re you really doing here?”
The Nurse looked at KC, then back to Chase. “The children and I never left. The children cannot be moved due to the extent of damage done to them. They will live out their lives here. You left the Village for the island, eventually stationed with the Manning’s in Germany. Lucian…” She paused after his name and then continued. “Lucian was assigned to a Network training program, and KC was assigned to work with him for a period. She only returned to the Shelter because of the imminent threat of Network activity, though she’s been active throughout this area for many years.”
He wasn’t sure why the name Lucian stood out as being more significant than everything else the woman had just said but it was nagging to be answered.
“Who the hell is Lucian?”

|OOO|

With a grievous expression, the Nurse looked off in the distance with the sadness of a mother. “Lucian is lost to us, but we hope for all our sakes, including your wife’s, that he’s not lost forever. He was taken soon after his arrival, maybe four or five years old, but before we could help him and long before your first visit here at the Shelter. He was deemed what the Network called a ‘slate’ and would be programmed in his early teens to be a warrior.”
Chase looked to KC. “Then how do you know they took him to a German training program when he was in his early teens, if he’d been taken from the Shelter so young?”
KC pointed to the south. “Because they didn’t take him far. Only far enough out of our reach. Their method of programming could bury any memory that he had of being here before. He doesn’t remember the Shelter. He doesn’t remember us. We watched as the elders anointed him by painting his face with war colors and then … he was gone.”
“The Nurse just said that you were assigned to Lucian for a while. How could he not know you then?”
“He knows me, just now how. Like you, he’s seen me in and out through the years. When I was assigned to work with him, it was as a ghost in the background. Our relationship didn’t work as well together as our handler had hoped. Without our handler’s knowledge, I pulled away and worked independently – so that we would all survive.”
Though Chase had never heard the name Lucian as he ran the tunnels, neither did he know the names of many of the orphaned children. Yet, he knew there were others at the Shelter, because Buddy talked about them. As kids, he and Buddy could roam anywhere inside the tunnels but never near the Southside. When Chase came to the Shelter to visit, he and Buddy would play games, make peanut butter sandwiches, and put puzzles together.
Chase wanted to ask about Buddy. Was he okay? Was he still alive? Or were they doing all of this to honor his memory?
He tightened his lips in remembrance of the boy, his friend. He wanted to know and – he didn’t want to know.
When they ran the tunnels, Buddy spoke of a secret room deep inside the basement, a place where only few could go. Buddy would smile and say, “down dere is where’d we keep arh diamund in da ruff…” He would speak of it in a whisper as though the place was like Fort Knox just not filled with gold – but diamonds instead.
Squirming in discomfort, Chase let the memories of his childhood fall back into their place. “Can you at least let my arms loose so I can stretch them? They’re killing me.”
The Nurse and KC studied each other for a moment. When KC nodded affirmative, the Nurse bellowed, “Bring the chair.”
Two medics walked into the infirmary. One was rolling a chair, and both carried stun guns to their side. These medics were the size of Hollywood barroom bouncers.
“A little much don’t you think, ladies?”
The Nurse moved directly next to his gurney-side and loosened the binds on his chest and thighs first, then his hands. The medics stood at each side of his feet and removed the straps. KC pointed to the chair.
Chase stretched his arms and rubbed his hands. He moved his legs to see if they still worked before sitting up. Relieved that all paralysis was gone, still, the pain in his side screeched in protest with even the slightest of movement. His head felt like it was filled with blood and pressing in on his brain.
The Nurse nodded to the two medics. Chase snarled at them as he painfully struggled to sit up on his own. Sitting up, again, he tried to move his limbs to flow the blood. For as painful as it was to try to stretch, taking a deep breath felt as though someone stabbed him in the lungs with each attempt to breathe deeply.
He moved to the edge of the gurney to stand with the two medics at his side assisting him into a standing position without his permission. His muscles nearly moaned with gratitude when he stood. He was careful not to stretch further than his tolerance. As the blood began to flow, it sent signals to his nerve endings.
And then… the tingling started. He felt woozy, and his legs began to feel as though there were thousands of pointed needles slowly dragging underneath the surface of his skin. Chase could not stand on his own and was silently grateful that the medics were prepared. Using their forearms, they supported him under his arms, moving him to the chair before he crashed to the floor. Then the strapping began. Again.
He began to cough, and the pain tore through his side as one of the medics strapped him in the chair. The other medic stood over him with his hand on the stun gun.
“Thanks so much, boys. I can understand your concern for everyone’s safety as I can’t even stand on my own.” Chase growled at them in mockery. “Perhaps a metal mask for my face!”
No response.
He turned his sarcasm on the women now. “Well, ladies – please. Let’s do get on with this.” He dragged out his words in between gentle coughs as the two medics left the room, “What the hell do you want?”
The Nurse opened up a drawer and pulled out a vial and then a needle. She emptied the vial into the needle and turned towards Chase. Terrified of needles, Chase began to hyperventilate as the blood drained from his face. He shook his head in fear. “No. You ain’t drugging me. That freak Tsar already did – and you ain’t doin’ it again!”
The needle stabbed deep into his thigh.
He began to feel light headed on contact, not only because of the drugs that would now course through his veins, but also because of his intense fear of needles.
The Nurse looked at him as she pulled the needle from his flesh. “It’s okay, Chase, it will help you to forget the pain and get you where you need to be. Okay?”
“You want me to hate you, don’t you?”
Disposing of the vial and the syringe, the Nurse returned to Chase to answer the question he’d asked before she attacked him with the needle. “What is it that we want from you? We want you to be aware of the System changes that are going to happen, not might – but will happen. Understood?”
Chase coughed lightly and the pain was… different or… gone! He looked up at the women, and no doubt, it showed on his face. The Nurse and KC looked at each other and grinned.
He felt relief from his pain and violated at the same time. “Whoa, woman. What did you put in that needle?”
The pain had floated off into space somewhere, sort of like his memories do at times. He could take a deep breath feeling only a thin line of pain at the edge, the pounding in his head subsided. He felt nearly… perfect.
Moving his head from side to side, he released the rest of the pain as he took deep breaths and slowly exhaled. Feeling brand new and more in control despite the bindings, Chase tilted his head and smirked. “Alright then. Let’s start over again, shall we, ladies? Me first. What did you put in that needle?”
The Nurse looked him firmly in the eyes and lifted an eyebrow, “An effective pain killer.”

|OOO|

KC stepped out of his sight into the kitchen area. The Nurse pulled up a chair in front of him and inquired, “Better?”
Much more comfortable, yet with hesitance and suspicion, he just nodded.
The Nurse winked. “Very good then, let’s begin. Some of your dreams are memories and not dreams at all. While it was convenient in the past for you to believe that they were dreams, these are different times – which call for different methods. And your wife’s safety may be compromised with the changes that are coming. Your ability to protect her is limited. I know this is hard to hear but you remember the saying? ‘There is a time for denial and a time for survival.’”
“What’re you getting at?”
“What happened in the barn, on the island, twenty years ago was not a dream.”
The solemnity of what was being indicated sobered him from the effects of the pain killer and settled in the pit of his gut. “You’re lying. That was a dream.”
He wondered in his mind how she would know about it at all. He barked after KC who was out of view, yet still near. “You snooped that information in the files from the Detention Center. They put all my dreams in a file.” Chase fiercely nodded, “Get outta my head!”
The Nurse nodded, “The account is true, Chase, and yes, we do have access to all System files, except some of the earliest ones. But what happened in that barn, on the island, wasn’t a dream. It was real.”
Transported within the unwelcomed memory, the choking dust of hay filled his nostrils and parched his throat. Swaying movement beyond him roused the stench of rotting flesh as the feel of strong hands wrapped around his…
A pitiful whimper preceded his plea. “Please don’t do this. I beg you.”
The nurse pursed her lips and let her head fall lightly to the side as she locked eyes with him. Her eyes revealed both sadness, and determination. “This is not your time my friend. You are not skilled for the days to come. Francine’s not safe if left to you.”
“If you let me out of here, I could protect her.”
“I’m sorry, Chase, but you can’t. The Network is now fully activated within the Village, and you’re not skilled in their ways to protect her but he…”
“He is.”



Chapter 50

|XXX|

Tsar appreciated Downs’s lack of questioning when he picked him up as to why he’d gone to Philadelphia. Captain Downs was a strange man and something nagged at Tsar about him. But for face value, he was a dutiful servant.
After his stop at Jr. Command, he entered the bunker. Tsar nodded to the soldier on duty, “Soldier, is the Colonel here in the bunker?”
Standing to attention, the soldier replied. “Yes, sir!”
Turning towards the hall leading to the bunks, Tsar continued. “Has he requested to see me?”
With a weakened tone, the soldier answered him. “No, sir.”
Suspiciously, Tsar turned his full attention back toward the soldier. The man caught Tsar’s eye and sharpened his tone back to that of a soldier at attention as he continued. “The Colonel returned two hours ago and has been in the training room since his arrival, sir!”
“Thank you, soldier. Let him know when he’s available that I’ll be in my bunk. I have some new details that he will find of interest.”
The Colonel might be indignant when Tsar shares with him the things that he had discovered about this King Charles, not to mention his trip to Pennsylvania without his prior approval, but it was still better than the Colonel telling Tsar where Tsar had been. He had fallen for KC’s tactic that the Colonel had been testing him about his initiative. Yet inside, Tsar knew and had known then even, that it was not a test from the Colonel.
Walking to his bunk, he considered the odd vibrations that he received from the soldier. He also thought about that picture of the old woman and the little girl. He would find the King later and ask her about it. And as soon as the Colonel was available, he would give him a full debriefing, no matter the consequences.
Tsar crawled into his cot like it was a queen-sized, fluffy bed, savoring the aroma of the enemy’s wife. Her scent, their scent… still lingered.
As he drifted off with the sweet aroma of Francine Manning lingering, in the distance he heard the sound of a Baby’s cry.
The sound suspended him somewhere between time and space.



Chapter 51

|OOO|

Uncertain of what sounded like a child crying, Chase hesitated. He looked about the room to see if the women noticed it as well. If they had, they remained steadfast in their appearance.
Chase tucked the unnerving sound away and continued to make his case with the two women. “You really don’t think this will actually work? You expect me to surrender to this Tsar and let him take over my life. A savage. A murderer!”
The Nurse kept her eyes steady on his. “The Network is moving into position, not just here – but village by village, city by city, state by state, nation by nation. World domination has been their plan since the Tower of Babel. Much of the world has English either as their primary or secondary language. And like it or not, the time is here. But we can choose how this time will come to us, if we work as one.”
I know what you want, lady, but I’m not doing it no matter how you twist it.
Chase shook his head “no” at the absurd request. “I don’t get it. I don’t get any of this!”
With a grin on her face, “I suspect you wouldn’t as you can only see through your own eyes and demand your own wants right now. We have to work on that, Chase.”
The Nurse paced back and forth. “Tsar doesn’t remember what happened within the System when he first arrived. The memory is there. First and foremost, he doesn’t want to remember because of how traumatic it was. Not just to him but to the entire System. The trauma was intentional from the handlers; it’s how they break us. But for us to move forward in the safest manner possible, the only option we have left is for him to learn the truth – his truth. If we can trigger those memories that the Network used to break him, well then, we hope to use those memories to reach him in the present day – to fix him.”
Chase smirked. “Reach him for what?”
The Nurse winked over at the King as though they’d scored before she answered him. “Protection of Francine Manning.”
He sneered. “Of course it is. You’re baiting me.”
“No, we are not. The handlers inadvertently placed a failsafe long ago to protect Francine. This failsafe is still powerfully active. Yet, even with System protection – by association alone, she has endangered herself. This we have seen by her recent activities.”
“It sounds to me that if anyone gets in the way of this Network, they would be killed, including you and the King.”
The Nurse clasped her hands, “That’s true, but we have a plan, and if it works, Francine stands a chance. When the Network activated here in the Village, they brought, and will bring, even more danger. You know yourself that Francine is smart, and she is brave. She will expose them if she believes it will protect you. It’ll only be a matter of time.”
Chase mocked. “So you think this Tsar is going to save Frankie, huh? From what? A world-wide mob. You’re nuts, lady. Why would he, even if he could? And what would he do? Run away to Mars with her or something? If this Network is real, then she wouldn’t even be safe there!”
“Right now we’re thinking more short-term than long-term. The next 24-48 hours are crucial. We can only do this crisis-to-crisis. The Colonel stands for all that we hate, and together, we may be able to weaken his position from within. He’s powerful within the System, yet young to our ways. With both you and Tsar on our side, we can weaken him. Tsar is nothing more than a glove, for the Colonel and for the Network agenda, if he doesn’t learn the truth – his own truth.”
The Nurse pulled up a chair next to him. Chase stared straight through her. She shifted gears. “What we need to know is if you know anything about a key to access a Double-Locked room?”
Chase had no idea what she was talking about. He remained silent.
“Once Southside confirms the Shelter to be active, we’ll be forced into lockdown. Tsar will follow the orders of the one he knows as the ‘Colonel’ to the letter. He will be potentially placing Francine in danger on a day-to-day basis through Network association alone.”
“Tsar, the Tinman as his programming refers to, is programmed to think that he is without a heart. And we believe the only way to find his heart is to know the truth.”
Blowing out a gut full of laughter, “Did you get that outofa script from the Wizard of Oz or something, lady?”
She raised her eyebrows and tilted her head. “Actually, they wrote the script.”
“They?”
“The Network.”
Chase smirked incredulously as the Nurse continued. “KC and I believe that his truth is filed away and sealed in a Double-Locked room. But in all our years, we’ve never been able to access that room.”
Chase worked up saliva in his dry throat and swallowed.
The Nurse got up and pushed the chair back to the wall. She poured some water from a small, pink pitcher into a cup and added a straw. She came back and stood over him. He pulled away from her, but she followed his lips with the straw and waited.
“No, thanks. I don’t want any more of your drugs. I feel fine now.”
The Nurse removed the straw and downed the water herself. She went over and poured another from the same pitcher into a clean cup and returned to stand over him again.
Chase took a few long sips and begrudgingly nodded in gratitude.
Again, the distant sound of what seemed to be a child crying in the distance. This time the Nurse turned toward the door, unable to ignore the sound. With a tone of urgency she asked, “Will you answer the question, Chase, do you know where the key is?”
Chase pulled up and looked past the Nurse through the threshold and into the next room, listening to the sound of the child as he replied. “In all honesty, I don’t think answering that question is in my best interest.”



Chapter 52

|XXX|

In the long distance, the sound of a Baby’s cry quieted to a mournful whimper, stirring something buried deeply within…
Tsar woke to the suffocating smell of pine and to strange sounds, the sounds of grinding teeth and tiny snorts. He opened his eyes to a solid sheet of black. Gasping, he feared that this might be his very last breath!
He rolled to his right and to his left, hitting a solid source. He scooted up and scooted down hearing tiny, screeching protests shriek as he pinched their tiny forms with his movement and again, hit a solid source. He lifted his foot and again – a solid source.
The Box of Secrets!



Chapter 53

|OOO|

KC filled the doorway, and in her arms, a Baby whimpered softly. The sound of the small child whimpering tugged at Chase’s emotions. The same pitiful sound from his childhood…

Summer of 1997

A warm summer’s breeze in the quiet village carried the mournful echo of a Baby’s cry. From a deep sleep, the familiar sound beckoned him. Out of bed into the night, the young boy followed the sound of the child’s cry.
Nestled between the lakes and mountains, the quiet village slept. The full-moon illuminated a double brightness – bouncing off the lake’s water and making dim light for the journey. A gentle wind waved throughout the village, tousling the leaves on the trees.
Quietly and gently, a girl walked up behind him and slipped her tiny hand into his. Startled by the touch, he pulled his hand away before looking. Turning towards her, he smiled with relief. A friend.
His only friend.
Could she also hear the child’s cry? He wasn’t sure but he was grateful that she would share his burden. He gently squeezed her hand.
Silently, they continued making their way to the edge of the dark forest where the echoes of the Baby’s mournful cry drew closer.

|OOO|

Chase pulled himself out of the memory. More than a memory, he felt as though he was actually there, back in time, back in 1997. He let out a long sigh to cover the anxiety that was mounting as he remembered the childhood event.
He looked up to see the Nurse and KC.
With her back to Chase, the Nurse nodded towards KC. Together they went to the kitchen and exchanged quiet whispers. He wasn’t sure if this was a ploy to gain his cooperation, but something undefinable and deep within him stirred.
He focused his auditory sense. The voices from the kitchen seemed to rise slightly in volume.
“We don’t have much time, N, before the bloody celebrations begin.”
“I know, KC. I do believe that we’ve made significant progress. Let’s hope it’s enough.”
The voice of the Nurse muffled into cooing sounds, and after a moment she returned, followed by the closing of a door. The sound of footsteps faded. Chase remembered the door that lead down to the basement from the kitchen and ran out into the open tunnels.
Without explanation of the child, the Nurse reentered his space. Standing four feet from him, she stopped and stood with resolution fiercer than before. There was no doubt in his mind that this child was the essence of her resolution.
“Chase, the situation has become desperate. Southside is filling the bunker with powerful adversaries, and they will try to take us, take you, by force. It’s safer for all of us, including you and Francine, if you surrender. We all stand a chance then. You need to stand down.”
He held firm. “I will not. You can’t just expect me to abandon my wife to a murderer. I’m telling you, woman, right now, I will fight you all to my death first.”
“Tsar has come to finish what you started, Chase. You can’t stop him. You can either surrender or you can fight. But if you choose the fight, he will be focused on the fight with you instead of protecting her.
“Her? Meaning MY wife!”
She nodded, “Yes, Francine.”
KC stepped back in the room. Chase sneered at the Nurse. “We may be identical, but don’t you think my wife, Nan, Joe, Cody, and the men I work for would know the difference?”
The Nurse held out her hands in a matter-of-fact gesture. “Maybe. Maybe not. You’ve displayed many of the same characteristics as Tsar; moody, snappy, forward. He can play a role; from vagrant to high level CIA and playing your role would be child’s play for him. He possesses any skill-set that you have, and his skills are superior to your own. The question is not when Tsar steps in as Chase Manning, but how. Will he walk in the ways of Colonel Harrison Manning, or will he walk in the ways of Chase Manning? Either way, he will step into the Village as… you.”
As they had come face to face, Chase could not deny the incredible similarities. At the memory of Tsar’s mirror image, he narrowed the list down considerably. “My wife and Nan will certainly know the difference!”
The Nurse agreed, “Yes, I believe they will. But if Tsar distances himself right from the beginning, they may never get close enough to see that difference. Provided he serves the Network well, she would be as safe as she has been these past few decades. But before he makes that distance for her safety, we hope that part of that reason for distancing himself is to protect her. She will likely be more protected if he resets his priorities with the choices that you make here today, right now.”
Chase looked at both of them and nearly growled. “Frankie will fight for me to the death. She has never feared anything her entire life. Fear doesn’t motivate and control her!”
Chase stopped and a hush fell like a blanket over the room.
He closed his eyes. It struck him as to what he’d just confessed. He feared. He was a slave to it and those around him right now knew it. Wanting to deny this humiliating truth, he opened his eyes prepared to defend himself. And yet when he looked up, he did not see mockery, instead these women looked at him with a sense of regret.
The Nurse threw a glance at KC then back to him before speaking. “Hopefully, for her sake, you won’t let that happen, Chase. Instead, you will step aside and let the one who can fight for her – fight! His chances of survival are much higher than all of ours combined. I promise you that.”
Chase hung his head in disbelief. In spite of his fear and his own weaknesses, he spoke, “How can you even consider that I would step aside and let a murderer near my wife?”
“Francine will be at risk, and you are not skilled in Tsar’s ways to protect her. You know it yourself. You are a man prone to fear, panic attacks even. What’s coming your way – what’s coming Francine’s way – there’s no room for fear. Should by a miracle our plan work, his priorities will shift and his goal will be one with ours. And with KC’s help, the two of them together, well then, I believe Francine stands a chance. Fear does not hinder them in the ways that it hinders you.”
Without another word, the Nurse turned to the sound of an opening door from the basement and left the room. She left him alone. Alone to ponder…

|OOO|

Perhaps I am weakened with fear at times, but they are wrong when it comes to my wife!
The sound of small whimpers lingered, confounding him even further as he had tried to stay focused on Frankie’s immediate safety. But he couldn’t stay focused. The child’s sounds were haunting.
Whose Baby? KC’s? Do they hide the child in the Shelter?
Again, Chase remembered Buddy’s Shelter. The “Diamond Shelter.”
Why is there a Baby here? Why now? And why then?
Chase wanted to know more, and he didn’t want to know more. Denial. His safe zone. These people were right. He hated himself for being such a coward.
KC returned with a long and saddened face. The Nurse followed her in. The air thickened with grief.
KC stood by her side as the Nurse spoke. “Chase, do you have a key to access any entrances within the tunnels? Please tell us the truth.”
His fight nearly busted, his tone losing some of its edge, “I’ll answer your question. But first, tell me how you both know so much about Southside and their plans if they really are your enemy?”
The Nurse dipped her head and answered without hesitation. The conviction in her eyes, and the assurance of the way she held herself, told Chase that what she was about to say was true whether he wanted to believe it or not.
“KC is third born in the Shelter. She knows the history better than anyone… save one. KC is older and wiser in the System. She knows the inner workings as a whole. Tsar knows only in part. KC is smarter and more fearless than Tsar because of her history and her experiences. Between her history and her strength, there is no one on Southside that can take her down, not for now at least. She has full access to all the tunnels including here, the Northside, which is also known as the Shelter, and Southside which is also known as the Bunker. She has full access to Record and Files. But the one place she has never been able to access is – the Double-Locked room.”
Chase shook his head. “Do you really think Tsar would be safer with all of you and Frankie if he learns the truth hidden within some Double-Locked room? Maybe not knowing is what keeps everyone safe?”
“I have to admit that you just might be right. And we won’t know how it will affect him until… he knows. But if we don’t take that chance, Chase, then for certain, things for Francine will get really bad.”
“Why should I trust you? Trust KC? Or anyone on Northside? You’re all at risk. You know what I really don’t trust about all this? Why is it that KC, King Charles, has been able to elude mind-control from the Network while she has worked directly with them since childhood? And yet they have Tsar mind-whipped like a freaked-out robot?”
“It’s a fair question, Chase. We don’t pretend to understand ourselves. But I do remember that decades ago, one woman showed us kindness. She loved us without prejudice. Her love gave us hope. We promised her something, and we will keep that promise to the best of our abilities.”
Chase knew who that “one woman” was that the Nurse referred to.
Nan never mentioned any of the Shelter people. Does she know about them and keep their secret? Yes. Nan was capable of such confidence. But she didn’t recognize the name, KC, when I asked. Perhaps, KC, King Charles, used yet a different alias back then.
The Nurse interrupted his thoughts. “Chase, I will not trouble you but this last time. Do you have a key that you’re aware of, a key to anything within the Shelter, the tunnels, or Southside?”
Chase responded by shooting off the million dollar question before the Nurse could finish, “What’s in that room? If you want me to trust you, then trust me. Tell me! What the hell is in that room that you’re all so desperate to make entrance?”
Instantaneously, the air was sucked from the room! An atmosphere of questions and discovery now turned into a room filled with unbearable pain. Chase inhaled sharply, able to feel a bottomless pain that he could not identify. He struggled to breathe.
KC turned to Chase, her expression of authority melting. The Nurse’s eyes pooled with tears as she reached inside her pocket for a tissue. A deep grief swept over them all, a pain that Chase felt without understanding.
His eyes moved between KC and the Nurse and their look of pain was like that of remembering a fallen soldier, a soldier that sacrificed his life for theirs. Chase closed his eyes feeling their pain. A pain so deep, it wedged its way into his very soul.
After a few moments of silence, the women shifted their positions. Chase looked up, and KC stood over him. She had tears in her eyes, and she stared at him responding with sorrow instead of words. He looked to the Nurse who came to a stand beside KC but now had turned her back to both of them. She faced the outer wall, looking at a shaded window that she couldn’t see through.
Chase shared in this grief without understanding. Inside that Double-Locked room told the story, and inside that story, the small whimpering infant connected them all.



Chapter 54

|XXX|

Pitiful whimpering beneath awakened him.
The whimpering of a child?
No longer the pitiful and distant cry of a Baby but instead an older child.
The Box of Secrets now below Tsar as he floated to the darkness above. He could see the outline of a young boy curled into a sitting fetus position, rocking back and forth in the corner beside the Box.
The child beside the Box made no sound while another young boy trapped inside the Box whimpered helplessly.
The boy inside does not understand the balance of existence; life, death, and… somewhere in between.
Secrets are to life what telling is to death. The secrets must be buried if the boy beside the Box and the boy inside the Box both want to survive somewhere… in between.



Chapter 55

|OOO|

Still torn between wanting to know and not wanting to know about the small child that KC had held in her arms, Chase decided to set the question on a shelf. The woes of the Shelter would remain the woes of the Shelter and not his. He dismissed the deep sense of grief. He returned his priorities to the safety of his own wife.
I have to get out of here.
Chase had learned all that he could learn as to the plans of these people and had done all that he could – which was nothing. Now he must get back to Frankie. He turned to the Nurse and answered her question without having to be asked again, “I don’t have a key or access to any room within these tunnels.”
The Nurse and KC wiped the tears from their eyes and turned to each other. They studied each other for a long moment as though they could read the other’s mind. Simultaneously, they nodded at one another in silent agreement. They turned to Chase and nodded again before abruptly leaving the room.
Whispering from the kitchen, Chase heard the Nurse’s voice. “It would make sense. That room was sealed long before Chase ever came to the Shelter. What is locked in that room happened while Lucian was in there. Lucian holds the key, and he doesn’t even know it.”
KC responded, “Yes. I agree that Manning is telling the truth, he has no key. I think you’re right, N, if anyone has that key, it’s Lucian. And if he does have it, then it’s a good thing for all of us that Southside doesn’t know. Not yet at least. We may still have enough time.”
The whispering stopped, and both women returned. They came to a stand in front of him. KC found her resolute voice once again.
“I have to say goodbye for now, Chase. Sorry, brother, but this is not your time. Go home and get some rest. Spend the evening with your wife. She’s returning today. Do not speak of this conversation with her or your visit here – for her safety.”
KC stepped closer, blocking the view of the Nurse as the Nurse came and stood next to Chase’s side. Chase struggled but the pain in his side restricted him. He didn’t see it but he felt it, the prick of a needle directly into his tricep as KC said her farewell. “Don’t be afraid, old friend. We’ll see you soon.”
“Whaa…What didjah do?”
The Nurse ignored him as she signaled for the medics to return. Chase felt all of his limbs relax as the medics came to his side, unstrapped him from the chair, and physically returned him to the gurney. He had little strength almost immediately after injection, but he was able to move slightly and feel all his limbs. He turned his head back and forth slowly and realized his mouth had fallen open. He had seconds until he was out.
Somewhere in the midst of it all, a door creaked opened and a small voice interrupted. “Hims in da Box. Lewshun! Him finks hims in da Box of Secrets.”
Chase felt himself being lifted as the medics detached the metal stretcher from the gurney. He was free-floating midair with some shifting up and down as the medics walked. Eyes heavy, he tried to focus on his surroundings. As the medics turned into the kitchen, he felt as though he were riding a cloud midair, when he saw the small shadow in the darkened room on the other side of the kitchen.
A small shadow like the one who ran with him in the tunnels a million years ago…
Who is in a Box?
Lewshun? Lucian.
They found him?

|OOO|

Above him were the sounds of pounding vibrations, echoing one over the other.
Able to open his eyes a sliver, he could see a ray of light spraying through a thin, vertical line.
I’m in a tunnel?
Holding his eyes open took all his effort. A silhouette floated between him and the spray of light. He let his eyes close again into a comfortable darkness, for what seemed like days or hours, minutes, or seconds.
The sound of squeaky noises and whispers invaded his comfort, rising in volume. Cold water rushed over him. A heavy weight thrust upon his chest, shoving him deeper inside a raging river, sucking the air from his lungs as he sunk deeper and deeper inside the tunnel.
The heavy weight pressing down on his gut compelled him to blow the air from his lungs. He continued to sink into the freezing water. He needed to breathe, but to breathe was to die!
Thrashing around, barely able to muster the strength to push back, he felt a heavy weight roll off and thump to the… floor.
A floor?
He choked and gasped for air. Wiping the water from his eyes, he could open them more easily now. Above him was a… ceiling.
A ceiling?
He’d been pulled from one world and plopped into another. He blew the air out from his lungs. He was not bound, nor was he drowning in a river-filled tunnel, and yet he was cold-soaking wet. His eyes darted from side to side in urgency.
Nothing.
Nothing at all gave him even a hint at where he was, who he was, or what he was.
His heart raced. Panic controlled him. He felt around for something to grab and hold onto. He felt bunched up, soft fabric at his sides. He grabbed on and held tight.
Sheets? Blankets? This is a bed.
He heard a whispery voice to his right. He whipped his head in the direction of the voice. A shadowy image hovered in a corner and held a phone to it’s ear.
A phone?
His mind sped at a million miles an hour searching for anything of real recognition. Despite the pain, he willed his body to move with swiftness and grab the shadowy image by the throat.
Rushed with adrenaline, he shot up to a sitting position and was met with screeching pain.
Clearly able to hear the voice of the image that spoke into a phone, recognition began its course. His sense of self-existence was returning…
He lay back down on his bed.

|OOO|

“Cody, I need your help, man. Chase is wicked out of it. I been tryin’ to wake him – throwing cold water in his face and bouncing on ‘em. I’m telling ya, man, he’s out of it, and I can’t handle him. He just threw me to the floor and nearly broke my arm! I think he’s been drugged or something.”
Chase’s heartbeat quickly returned to a normal rhythm. With relief, he recognized the voice.
My friend Joe.
He pulled his hands up to look at them.
These are my hands. I am Chase Manning.
Chase painfully rolled to the edge of the bed. His back to his friend, he slowly sat up and let his feet drop to the floor.
I’m not paralyzed – I’m not strapped to a chair or a gurney, and I am not drowning in a water-filled tunnel. I’m in my own house and with a friend.
“Yes, come quick before he hurts himself or… he… he kills me!”
That Joe was using his normal dramatics was a relief. Chase hadn’t done anything to cause Joe to lose his wits about himself. He twisted to look back as Joe disconnected the call, yet remained at a safe distance. Chase waved his hand in surrender. “It’s okay, little brother. Sorry ‘bout that.”
Joe stood up from his hovering position and moved a little closer around the bed. In a loud whisper and with an indignant thrust of his head, “Sorry? That’s all you got? You nearly killed me and sorry doesn’t cut it, Chaseman!”
Chase reached for his phone on the bureau. He snickered at Joe’s theatrics through his own pain as he scrolled through to see if Frankie had called.
“She called!”
Chase sighed with relief in spite of his pain. Still he couldn’t hide the pain from his face as Joe leaned in and searched him. Immediately, his countenance changed as he watched Chase struggle. “Chaseman, what’ve they done to you?”
Chase shook his head with uncertainty. The muddled dreams subsiding, he began to grasp the reality of the present and replied, “I dunno, Joe. I really don’t know.”
Joe walked over to him and put his hand out as Chase struggled to keep his pain from showing. Yet the simplest of movement brought immediate sharp stabs to his chest forcing him to take shallow breaths. Joe squinted with concern and leaned in even closer now, openly searching for visible wounds. Then he pulled back and searched Chase’s eyes again. Joe’s expression demanded an explanation as Chase took his hand and gripping it, he held it for a moment.
Grateful that Joe did not tug at him when he asked, “What hurts, Chaseman? What’s wrong, brothah?”
“My ribs.”
“What happened?”
“I’m not sure really. I think someone drugged me.” Chase confided, not wanting to say too much for Joe’s own protection but enough so that he did not become even more suspicious. “Once I get up and about, I’ll be fine.”
Joe looked to the clock on the bed stand. “Someone’s done somethin’ to you for sure if you’re still asleep at this hour. It’s going on eleven o’clock for cryin’ out loud! Frankie called and left a message for me to check on you, but I was in LakeRidge. I drove a hundred miles an hour to get here only for you to throw me around like a rag doll! Dude, you really suck.”
“I apologize and thanks, Joe.”
Joe became quiet as he braced his feet and torso, and pulled Chase into an upright position. He gave Chase a moment to adjust before slipping his arm around the small of his back to support him.
Chase firmly on his feet, he straightened out the best he could through the pain.
Joe surprised him as he spewed out bitterness and even hatred as he spoke, “I hate Ronald Fitz. God forgive me, but I hate him!”
Coughing lightly between words, “I don’t think it was Fitz this time, Joe. Gimme some time to figure it out before you do – or say – anything. And if you help me get to the bathroom door, I’d appreciate it.”
Walking slowly with Chase, Joe argued, “I trust you know what you’re talking about, but there’s no way Fitz ain’t involved with whatever happened to you. We gotta do something about this, boss. Somebody’s really messed you up, man.”
Chase stood before the bathroom door, and with his right arm to steady himself, he leaned on the door frame. “Agh, it ain’t so bad. I’ll be fine now. Make us some coffee, and I’ll be out in a minute, okay?”
Joe left for the kitchen with Chase’s words following him. “Thanks, Joe.”
Joe’s tone was filled with concern as he responded, “Yeah, you know it, boss.”
I’m not sure what I know right now, Joe… but what I just found out scares the hell outta me.

|OOO|

Chase leaned against the bathroom wall for a moment, his night and his dreams like a mental hurricane. His wife was gone. The people from the Shelter, his childhood friends, they were back! Some kid named Lucian was in a Box. A crazy man – a mirror image of himself was trying to kill him. His dead father wasn’t dead. The dead father wasn’t even his real father! Fitz was still breathing. And that Baby…
The whimpers from the child haunted him. He forced himself to put it back on his mental shelf.
I have to focus for Frankie’s sake. These women can’t really think I’m just giving up!
He began to curse, just above a whisper, which dried his throat, sending him into a light and painful coughing fit.
Great. I’m in the fight of my life, and I can barely move!
The Nurse said no ribs were broken. Still the pain was severe, and whatever pain killer she’d given him, had worn off.
That was all real… wasn’t it?
He dismissed the thought; he didn’t have time to test nor to measure his sanity.
He laid his clean clothes down on the vanity. He bent down and with painful effort, removed his shirt. He looked at his left side in the mirror. There was some bruising where he’d been kicked. It actually looked minor compared to how painful it felt. He pushed at his shorts and underwear and let them drop to the floor. He gathered his dirty clothes together, sliding them around with his foot. He leaned down to pick them up and then dropped them in the laundry basket.
Flushing the toilet, he moved to the linen closet. Pushing the folding doors back, he stepped in. Turning inside, he faced the threshold. He reached atop the door’s header and fumbled around for the bottle of pills that he’d stashed there three years ago. Nan had had major surgery, and after using only one of the pills for pain, she asked Chase to flush them down the toilet. There were 49 Percocet’s. Chase knew, in his line of work, the day would come when he would need them – but he’d never considered something like this would be why he’d need them.
Taking a Percocet, he swallowed without needing water. He’d take two, but he had to keep a clear mind. He kept four more out and put the rest back in the closet above the header. He would wrap the four in a baggie and put them in his sock for later.
Running the shower to a comfortable temperature, he stepped inside. He hoped to wash away some of the confusion that had boggled his mind these past few days.
Strange how the mixture of steam combined with his naked body, conjured up the smell of his wife. He hadn’t showered since Maine, his body still perfumed with their lovemaking. The scent of her and the image of their love, made him feel weak. In his weakness, the desire to protect her became even more fierce.
I will never surrender.
He remembered his helplessness at the mercy of Tsar, his fear of being far away from Frankie. He sighed with relief. He wasn’t in Germany.
And then that wretched internal voice…
Maybe not. But Germany is here.

|OOO|

Rinsing the soap, he stood under the hot steaming water and relaxed. His mind flipped through the events that he’d experienced inside the Shelter. He wanted to deny it but he couldn’t. Not this time. There was too much on the line.
The women in the Shelter hadn’t confessed that Tsar was the System operative sent to Frankie to intercept the SD card. Yet, Tsar’s last threat to him had confirmed as much…

“Your wife is waiting for you so I won’t be late.”

And though Tsar was a savage, Chase believed that KC would kill Tsar if he ever harmed Frankie.
And the Nurse? She’d always been protective of everyone she had contact with. But what they were asking him to do – to surrender. Insane!
You people don’t know me at all if you think I’ll ever leave my wife. Ever!
And while Tsar was dangerous, the man who was, or who impersonated his father; Colonel Harrison Manning, was far more dangerous.
KC had said, “Colonel Harrison Manning still lives but not as he once did.”
What does that even mean? It can’t be possible. I saw him in the casket – DEAD!
Hunter Freeman, my real father? Maybe.
Even so, he refused to believe that his dreams about that hog-tied boy were real, at least not all of it. He had cut him loose but only once – not twice. Maybe every bit of it was nothing more than planted memories!
The cries of the child, that Baby. These sounds had haunted him for as long as he could remember. Yet, it seemed to be common place to the women.
He wanted to stay longer in the shower, stay until the hot water ran out. But Joe was waiting. He turned off the water. His mind began searching a strategic way to use his recent time at the Shelter to his advantage.
He let his head fall into the wall beneath the shower head. He bounced it lightly a few times as the water rolled off his body. It came to him! The unspeakable grief that the women had felt, it was so powerful, that he too experienced it. The grief that fell upon them all just at the mention of what was kept in some Double-Locked room. They wanted a key. They were looking for a… key.
This was their weakness. Possibly even Tsar’s.
Maybe I can find that key!
Chase would hold onto this thought and put all the other thoughts back in their place for now. His focus would be to take Tsar down, and whatever was in that Double-Locked room, just might do it.
He let out a sigh of resolution as he stepped out of the shower and reached for his clean clothes. Carefully dressing himself around the pain, the shower had helped him relax. The Percocet would kick in soon making the pain more tolerable.
As he walked out of the bathroom into their bedroom, he grabbed his phone and dropped it in his short’s side pocket.
He halted as he heard another voice in the kitchen speaking with Joe. Without confusion this time, he recognized the voice.
Cody.

|OOO|

Reaching out his truck window, Cody lightly tapped Chase’s shoulder. “See you Monday, boss. Work sucks with jus’ Joe heeyah.” Cody letting loose his Maine accent, Chase could only smirk and chuckle softly as it hurt like hell to laugh. With his crew there, everything seemed – normal.
As much as Chase wanted things to be normal, they were not. Cody pulled out of the driveway. Chase walked outside with Joe and chose his words carefully. “I don’t think I’ll be back on Monday, Joe. You and Cody take a week off on me.” He handed him two thousand in cash. “I trust you’ll share a fair portion with Cody.”
“I understand, boss.” Joe pointed to Chase’s mid-section. “Needin’ some time to heal, huh? Me and Cody will still work around the jobsite and clean things up. We’ll stop over and check on ya. Don’t worry. I’ll split the bonus with Cody. How’s 60/40 sound?”
Chase nodded, “That’s fair, Joe, thanks.”
Joe tilted his head quizzically, “You must be itching to get back to work, Chaseman, to get back into a routine, huh?”
“Next to my wife, Joe, work’s my best friend, and you fall in there somewhere, too. But there’s some things I need to figure out to get back on track. I hope it don’t take more’n a week.”
Joe shuffled his feet then looked to Chase and said, “I understand, boss. But I don’t like it. I don’t like how Fitz can come in here and rattle you up like that. Mess with your life and, in the midst of it, everyone that loves you and Frankie.”
Chase nodded his head lightly to the left before dropping his eyes to the floor. “My life has always been complicated. I think that’s why I like to hang out with all you do-gooders; you have invisible strength that most don’t.”
Joe looked at Chase and held his eyes. “It’s because of where our strength comes from, Chaseman. Not us.”
Joe winked and shifted the subject. “Frankie took it pretty hard when she found out about your arrest, huh?”
“Yeah, I guess she did. But she called me. Only once while she was gone but… she called.” Chase pulled the phone out of his pocket and kissed it.
Joe laughed at him. “I hope somebody loves me like Frankie loves you after being such a jackass.”
They both gave a chuckle, and Chase silently hoped that Lauren had, or would soon, be honest with Joe about her true feelings. The man deserved it.
Standing on the front porch, neither said anything for a moment as Chase looked to the end of his driveway, while Joe looked off towards the workshop.
Joe cleared his throat and turned toward Chase. His face more serious than Chase had ever seen it. “There’s some weird stuff goin’ on around this place, boss. I’m not gonna bother you with it right now, but when we get life back on track, as you put it, there’s some strange things goin’ on at the other church. I wonder if that’s in part to blame for what happened to you last night.”
Chase nodded. If Joe had stumbled on something to do with this Network, then for his safety, Chase offered insight wrapped inside a warning. “Whatever is happening at the other church, Joe, is only the surface. Be careful and say nothing until you know for sure that you can finish what you start. I’ve never met anyone yet – who could.”
Joe looked up to Chase and narrowed his eyes. Chase drilled his eyes into Joe’s, ending the subject as he lightly nodded “no” before turning to face the end of the driveway once again.
The slight twist made Chase groan slightly with pain.
Joe asked, “What happened to you? Did you fall, get pushed, kicked, or somethin’?” Without asking, Joe pulled up the left side of Chase’s shirt. The invasive action sent Chase into another painful twist.
“Uhhrrm!” Chase growled.
Joe let go of his shirt and stepped back. “You do have some bruising, what happened, Chaseman?”
Chase pressed his hand to his side bracing himself for a good chuckle. “Some other dude didn’t finish what he started…”
Joe didn’t smile but instead grimaced in confusion.
“Forget it, Joe. I got so much on my plate right now, I dunno where to begin – but I do know this; I love my wife, and I’m goin’ to find her. I don’t need you around when I get put in my place. Lock up for me, little buddy.”
Chase slowly made his way to his truck while Joe jogged over and locked up the workshop. Joe turned, trotted back, and jumped on the porch before Chase could even start his engine. “Good luck, boss, and I hope Frankie baby goes easy on ya, man.”
Chase started the engine and headed out. Leaving the driveway, he looked to the rearview mirror before pulling onto the main road. Joe stood there, staring after him with a look of defiance. With his feet spread slightly apart and his arms strong at his side, he looked like a Royal Guard preparing…
…to protect a King and his castle.

|OOO|

And just who is this King whom I’ve known as “KC” since childhood? What is her end game; to protect Frankie… MY wife? And she does this all because of a promise to Nan so long ago?
Really?
Chase could not connect all the proper dots, but then again, when it came to the Shelter, he never could.
He took another Percocet. If he didn’t, he’d never make the trip. It worked. His pain decreased now more than eighty percent. He felt pumped and not drowsy. The last time he’d taken any sort of prescription pain killer was with a toothache many years ago. It’d been a horrible experience, a groggy and nauseous feeling. He didn’t know one pain pill from the next, but this was an altogether different experience and certainly worked in his favor.
Chase looked at his phone to be double-certain of what day it was; Friday, the 20th. Sammy would be working dispatch. He dialed her cell phone.
“Hey, I need to know where Frankie is.”
With a moment of hesitation on the other end, “I’m fine, too, and how’re you, Chase?”
“Don’t mess with me, Sammy.”
Grunting at him, “She’s not my wife. Don’t you know how to control your own wife, Chase?”
“I do not control my wife. I love my wife, and maybe if you’d learn to find that balance yourself, you wouldn’t be growing into an old maid!”
That was stupid Chase.
“Sorry, Sam, I didn’t mean it.”
“Yes, you did. You’re an ass. You meant it.”
“Find out where she is, Sam… please.” He nearly forced out the word.
Spewing out sarcasm, she responded. “Sure, Chase. And for being such an awesome big brother, I promise to piss you off with the channel I use to find… your wife!”
He was grateful for Sam’s position and her help. He just didn’t know how to tell her. “I don’t care how you get it, just get it. Did you find anything more from Janice’s house?”
Samantha responded, “Nothing. But I’ll tell ya this; I was shocked to see the wealth stored up in Pap’s safe. Like where’d they get all that money ‘n jewlery?”
This bit of information took him off guard. “How the hell’d you get into Janice’s safe?”
“She didn’t answer so I let myself in with my key. I heard the shower running in the master suite, so I went to her closet to pull down the old family albums. She has a large safe in the closet, bolted to the floor. The door was open a bit, so I peeked in. The bottom of it was stuffed with packed hundreds. The top part had assorted gold, diamonds, and other stones. Before I could get to the albums, she shut the water off, and I returned the safe door to the way I’d found it and left before she could question me. You find any clues that the little girl might be our sister?”
Trying to sound more civilized, Chase responded, “No, nothing certain. Be careful and don’t let Janice know what we’re doing. Call me back, lemme know what you find out about Frankie. And hey… thanks for the help.” He disconnected the call.
Heading towards Nan’s, Chase stopped at the Village store to fill his gas tank. Pulling up to the pumps, he left the truck door open, inserted his credit card, and waited for approval. He watched cars pass by. A few people went in and out of the store. Then a cruiser slowed down and pulled in. He wasn’t up for another face to face with Fitz. Not in this condition.
He watched the cruiser all the way in, displaying no weakness due to his ribs. Relieved when he saw that it wasn’t Fitz but the next baboon in line; Captain Sylar Downs.
Downs got out of the cruiser and looked over at Chase. Always the neighborly nod. “Hello, Chase.” Downs turned away and spoke back into his cell phone.
“Hey, that better not be a damn personal call, Captain.” He snarled with the word Captain.
Without responding, Sylar smiled and with a friendly wave, he continued on his cell phone walking inside the store.
It did irritate him that no matter what he said to the man, the man was always respectful.
I hate that sneaky twit.
Chase finished pumping his gas, pulled himself with some effort back into the cab, and headed toward the Resort.

|OOO|

Pulling into the Resort drive, this place was his true refuge from the misery of his childhood. The Old Orphanage had served its purpose but was nothing to the love and safety he’d had here in this place as a young boy.
Looking to the right over by the boat house, he remembered the day that Frankie nearly drowned. Chase stopped the truck partway down the decline overlooking the lake as he remembered…

Nan was finishing up at Mallard Cottage, the cottage furthest from the lake. Chase was hanging the life jackets on the side of the boathouse when he heard fierce splashing and Frankie yelling. She had just been next to him. He must have zoned out while he was working and didn’t notice that she’d walked away from him.
He looked out and saw Frankie slapping the water violently and could tell by her location, that she was over her head. If he took his eyes off her to go for Nan, she could slip under the water, and they might not find her.
Before he could scream for help, he froze.
Without even knowing she was near, KC flashed by him and was in the water swimming like a pro out into the deep. She swam to Frankie and pulled her back in until they reached the shallow water and then pulled her to her feet. Frankie was coughing and gagging but otherwise fine.
Chase was horrified.
KC took Frankie’s hand, and dragged her over to where Chase stood like a tree. “Fancy, you have to be careful, never go out so far unless your grandmother is here. Never!”
And just out of Frankie’s hearing, KC turned on Chase, “Damn you. You need to watch her better than that, or we’ll end up back where we were before you got this job!”
In a weak tone, Chase responded, “I’m doing my best, KC.”
In disgust, KC snarled at him for how incapable he was and started to leave when Nan came rushing down from the cottage.

|OOO|

His phone rang, placing him back in real time. He checked the number and flipped it open.
“Your wife is in flight.” Sammy spoke with a gratifying tone as though she were a top investigator of sorts. “She boarded the plane this morning and is scheduled to arrive in Boston at 2:30.”
Chase checked the clock on his dash; 12:10 p.m.. The airport was about eighty minutes away. If he and Nan left now, they’d have plenty of time.
Chase cocked his head a little and this time he could be grateful without forcing it, “Hey. Thanks, Sammy.”
She chuckled. “Sure, Chase. By the way, that was a personal call.”
He wasn’t sure at first what she meant and then it hit him. “What?!” Chase yelled the word loud enough that he felt a pull in his ribs.
Sammy snickered. “I told you – you wouldn’t like the channel I used.”
Holding his bruised rib and a little calmer this time, he complained. “Damn it, Sammy. You know I hate cops!”
She laughed and laughed and laughed reminding him of when they were kids, right before he got his ass whooped.
The image of Sylar driving the cruiser with Tsar in the back seat last week, could it be? Was it Sammy that was keeping Sylar informed, who in turn informed Tsar?
No.
Maybe?



Chapter 56

|XXX|

Tsar dropped lower. Hovering over the Pine Box, he put his ear to it. Unable to open what was locked, he heard the small sounds of scurrying, squeaking, twitching, and small teeth grinding. Because he knew these sounds and that they were small sounds, Tsar measured that the sounds were mice and not rats, about a dozen of them.
The door below opened. Tsar floated back to the ceiling.
Elders dressed in full black robes with hoods drawn over their faces, walked into the darkened room, one by one. The last one to enter had red trimmings around the hood and the edges of his robe. The high priest. He lit a single candle.
One of the elders slid open the lower hatch of the Pine Box while the others gathered around the casket. With long needles, they poked at the moaning creature inside. The elders were pleased that the creature inside had not yet surrendered as their pleasure had just begun.
The leading elder slid open the upper hatch when Tsar slipped inside the Pine Box like a ghost. The sounds of the small creature ceased. All emotions placed deep inside the mind to be silenced forever and for always.
Before Tsar was able to form a protective position inside the Pine Box, warm liquid began to stream over the small creature. Ammonia – uric acid.
The stream went on for hours, minutes, or seconds when he was certain that they would drown in the suffocating waste. The Box was small with no escape, and the mice crawled and scurried, nibbling at everything they explored.
Tsar wrapped himself around the little creature and promised him it would be over soon, and that they would survive. The boy beside the Box – his life depended upon their survival inside the Box.
The robed demons continued to violate the small body without boundary. The needles began to poke at the thighs, knees, calves, ankles, the toes, and then to the groin.
And as horrific as it was inside, they didn’t want to leave that Pine Box, because what they do next...



Chapter 57

|OOO|

Chase may hate the channel that Samantha used, and he certainly didn’t trust the woman, but he couldn’t be more thrilled that together, he and Nan would soon be headed to the airport. Best of all – his wife was safe!
Nan welcomed Chase with a motherly embrace.
The second pain pill had done the trick, and other than being protective of his side when she hugged him; he did his best to hide the pain. But she noticed just the same.
Before she could ask, he answered, “It ain’t nothin’, Nan. Just a bruise.”
He assisted her as she climbed into the passenger’s side of the truck, and then closed her door. Walking back to the driver’s side, Chase carefully eased himself into his seat, and together, they would ride to the Boston airport.
With the windows down, a breeze from the lake flowed through the truck whirling her familiar and comforting scent, with just a hint of rose.
She clicked her seatbelt and looked straight ahead, not forcing the issue of his pain.
“I love the new picnic table, thank you, deeyah.”
“Aaah, it ain’t much, Nan, but glad you like it.”
The plan was for Nan to drive Frankie’s SUV home and for Frankie to ride home with Chase. He was pretty confident that Frankie would be okay with the plan. Chase felt guilty for spending only a few minutes with Warden and Bouncer before they headed out. To make it worse, Bouncer moaned with human grievance. He assured her. “We have many more years ahead, Bounce.”
And with the madness and events over the past few days, he added in a whisper, “At least I hope we do, girl.”

|OOO|

They drove through LakeRidge with the lake spread out for miles beside them. The wind lashed through the truck so Nan spoke with volume and practically sang as she spoke. “It’s a beautiful day, Chase. My, my! What beauty in this world. In the midst of all the crazy, there’s an amazing beauty all about us, isn’t theeyah, deeyah?”
Chase could feel Nan’s excitement; that her granddaughter was safe. He was relieved that Nan hadn’t asked him any specifics as to the up and down week that he and Frankie had. And yet, there was something about the way she said the word “crazy” that made him curious. Perhaps, there was a little more on her mind than just the beauty of the day. If she wanted him to know, he would.
“Nan, do you want me to put my window up?”
“Goodness no, Chase. Were closed up with such long winters, I love every fresh breath I take.” Then looking over at him with concern and a smirk; “You’re okay with the breeze huh, Chase?”
He chuckled. “I’m fine over here, Nan, just as long as you don’t mind me yelling over atcha to be sure you can hear me.”
Grinning with a look of acceptance, “I’m getting old so I may as well get used to people yellin’ at me.”
Chase pulled over to the drive-thru donut shop in LakeRidge and ordered them both coffee and a muffin. They were quiet the few miles while they ate. Nan was like a child looking at everything as though for the first time. Chase realized that he should take her more often so she could enjoy the view while not having to drive. She seemed to take everything in and appreciate the scenes one by one.

|OOO|

As they began to slow down coming off the highway, Nan tapped the dashboard clock. “It looks like there’s a bit of time before Frankie comes in.”
He looked at the clock in his truck. 1:30 p.m.. “Good. I don’t want her to slip outta my sight again.”
Nan gave a hearty laugh. “Frank loved me as you love our Frankie. I’m so happy for you both. You’ll get through it, just hold on tight to one another.”
“Thanks, Nan, for your encouragement.”
While Nan was encouraging, Chase considered the real battle now.
I just hope we survive… them.
The warning from both KC and the Nurse not to share the Shelter or its activities with anyone on the outside for protection stayed with him. Inasmuch to protect those he cared about; he would maintain silence to preserve some instance of dignity for himself as well. And yet so much had transpired the past week in his immediate life, he’d had to share some things with Frankie to protect his marriage and even to protect her, breaking the sacred rule.
I’m being ripped to shreds from love on one side and fear on the other.
Tsar’s decade old threat, “You start and I’ll finish.”
This threat had followed Chase through the years in his dreams and even through his own words. And yet when he was with Nan and Frankie, the threats and the madness of it all seemed surreal.

|OOO|

As Chase slowly drove through the parking lot, Nan continued to click the alarm key of Frankie’s SUV. Chase heard the alarm sound and pulled into a vacant spot, a few vehicles from hers.
He turned to Nan, “There’s still some time, Nan, if you wanna wait with me? I’d like your company.”
Nan chuckled a bit with delight and her eyes closed all but a sliver, “I’d like that, Chase. Thank you.”
He pointed over to a trolley pick up spot with a sun-sheltered bench. Chase locked the truck up, and followed Nan. As he walked closer to her, he could see that she was contemplating something, her countenance thoughtful.
“Looks like you got somethin’ on ya mind, Nan?”
Looking from his face, she dropped her head slightly, “We’ve learned each other’s ways over the yeeyahs haven’t we?” She looked up at him with a gentle smile. “I have a burden on my heart to share with you.”
He looked at his watch to encourage her. “We got plenty of time.”
She looked off into the sky as a plane took off and far to its left was another plane; circling and waiting for clearance to land. Gesturing with her hand to wait until the noise subsided a bit, she winked.
They both watched as the plane ascended and headed out before turning back to one another.
“There’s some things that I have to share with you and Frankie the next coupla days, likely things that will make you both see the world a little different.” She held out both her hands. “And I suspect it might be difficult to hear.”
The volume of the planes above decreased and with it, Nan’s voice lowered. “Later on, maybe tomorrow or the next day, I have a few things to share with Frankie about Mr. Silverton’s will. But remember this; God walks these trials with us, and we get through them together as a family.”
Chase nodded, encouraging her to continue, “Go ahead, Nan.”
“You asked me about Hunter Freeman the other day, and I told you all I could bear to tell you at the time. Now I’ve prayed some and God has burdened my heart to share more.”
Nan looked toward the western pure blue sky, her eyes traveling as far as they could see.
“A few days before my husband died, he’d been acting strange. He was distracted. I was in my mid-twenties, a little youngah than Frankie is now. And though I trusted my husband with my heart, my life – he held something from me. While I wasn’t one to be jealous, I watched him become more and more distracted from me and Isabella. I would be lying if I didn’t say infidelity hadn’t crossed my mind a few times. Being young and naïve, I wasn’t sure what the signs were for infidelity, but I knew something troubled him deep within.”
“One evening before dinnah, he looked into my eyes and softened. ‘I love you, Francine Justice Churchill. And whatever I do or don’t do, I do first to the service of God because of His love for us and second because of my love for you and Isabella. Please believe me.’”
“So I asked him what he was keeping from me. He wouldn’t give me a direct ansah. Instead, he pulled me close to him for a long time and held me tight. He released me, and when I looked into his eyes, he had tears as he said these words to me:”

“Evil thrives WHEN GOOD MEN do nothing.”

“And then, he just left without saying where he was goin’. As though he’d had a revelation of sorts and whatever’d been troubling him was beginning to spill ovah.”
She pulled away from her distant gaze toward the western sky and turned her face gently toward Chase with tears in her eyes. “Though a young man when he died, even youngah than you arh now, he lived by these words and by these same words, he died.”
“The plaque over the glass wall, Nan?”
“Yes. I had these words engraved onto wood as my husband had them engraved upon his heart. These words have carried me along through the yeeyah’s, because those same words encouraged him. And for such a young man, to be a man of honor, and indeed – he was a man of honor, he was also wise beyond his yeeyah’s. And I believe in my heart that because of his honor, he was murdered.”
She reached over and took his hand. The physical contact made an instantaneous connection as he felt the conflict. In that touch, he knew it was all coming around to him now and she was preparing him.
“I’m sorry as theeyah is no easy way to tell you this. I do believe that Hunter Freeman had a role in my husband’s death. I do also believe that you arh his son for you arh similar to him in so many ways. I didn’t have reason to see it before, until the other day when you mentioned Hunter’s name.”
His face contorted. What Nan was saying was a double-edge sword. That this Freeman was not only his real father but a murderer, a murderer who killed his own grandfather-in-law!
There was just no sensible way for Chase to respond. Shocked, stupefied, overwhelmed. So many emotions he just sat numb, eyes rounded in oblivion. He fought against the urge to make this about himself as he looked into her eyes, eyes that were filled with decades of pain and loss.
“I’m so sorry, Chase.”
He weighed this all in his mind. And though the dates didn’t match up – it was still possible. His mother lying about his age would be trivial compared to many other aspects of his life as… Janice Manning’s son.
He looked away from her. He looked away in shame. The skies had become silent. His voice just above a whisper, he shook his head in disbelief. “Oh, God. Why are all these things happening?”
“I share this with you now because God has weighed it so heavily on my heart to do so. Perhaps He’s preparing us for something in our small Village, and it all begins with you. I’m not certain, deeyah. I’m so sorry that this is being thrown at you all at once. But know this; I could not love you more if you were my own son.”
Chase nodded. He believed her completely. Nan had proved her love to him time and time again.
She put her arm around his shoulder and leaned into a side embrace. After taking a few moments, Nan let her arm drop to her side and then she took his hand. “I’d tried to fight, to bring my husband’s murderer to justice, but the set-up was so perfect, that an honest person couldn’t find an honest angle to bring charges against anyone. How I knew Hunter Freeman was one of the men responsible for Frank’s death is for anothah time. I prayed with all my heart for God to help me get my grief under control. The Village began to see me as an unstable and paranoid widow. The murderers would be able to benefit from my instability and many would dismiss my claims as mere grief. But with constant prayer and patience, I have waited for God to vindicate my Frank. And still I wait, Chase. Whethah or not God vindicates my husband this side of heaven or not, I trust He is faithful. Vengeance belongs to Him alone.”
Chase would avenge his wife’s death, and no one would stop him. Not even God. Nan was a strong woman of faith. He was not. So without pretending agreement, he displayed a half smile and nodded.
Nan continued. “It’s hahd for me to explain the conclusion that I ultimately came to. There were at least two people directly responsible for my Frank’s death. I believe several were involved though. Shortly after my husband died, I saw Hunter. I couldn’t explain it then and I can’t now. I know he did it, but he didn’t want to. Something in his eyes said as much. He left soon after. Hunter’s leaving also gave me reason to believe that there was remorse in him. And soon, he would prove me right...”
Chase had no sympathy for this Hunter Freeman. None at all. Remorse, or no remorse. He could kill the man! Chase remained silent as Nan collected herself so that she could continue.
“It’d been four yeeyah’s since Frank’s death. I hadn’t seen hide nor hair of Hunter Freeman since he’d left the Village. Not a single word was mentioned of him in the Village as though he’d never existed at all. From nowhere, he just showed up one day at the Resort. It came about in the early hours of the morning, the sun just breaking dawn. I was on the front porch havin’ coffee as Frankie’s mothah slept in her room just a few weeks before Frankie’s birth. I was startled as Hunter came to the front screen door and knocked. He’d have never guessed it in my voice though. He didn’t realize I was sittin’ there when he knocked. He, too, was startled when I said, ‘Hello Mr. Freeman.’ Actually, he was outright shocked!”
Nan chuckled in spite of the moment.
“He stared through the screen at me and his expression, much as yours is right now… confused. I wasn’t afraid of him. And yet his entire presence was consumed with fear.”
Chase was looking at Nan, but he didn’t see her. Instead, he was there, somewhere in the 80’s, and casted in this real life drama. His role… Hunter Freeman.
Pulling him back into real time, Nan reached over and tapped his knee.
“I’d prayed for that man for nearly four yeeyah’s, Chase. Every day as God commands us to pray for our enemies. And as he stood theeyah, with only a puny screened door between us, I stood to my feet. And it was my husband’s words that spoke to him. With Frank’s heart of forgiveness, God used my voice to tell Hunter Freeman; ‘I forgive you. God wants to forgive you, too.’”
“Hunter lowered his head in shame, and I heard a soft whimpah from him. And I encouraged him in spite of what he’d done. I told him that my husband lived and died believing that…

‘EVIL THRIVES when good men DO NOTHING.’”

“I took my coffee cup and went back into the kitchen for anothah cup. When I returned, he was gone. Sally from the church told me that Hunter had stopped in to see the Pastor, and the timing was just aftah he’d left our cottage. I never saw Hunter Freeman again until the other day.”
“He’s here, Nan?”
“A part of him, yes. I see him in you.”
Chase was silenced and horrified. Oh God. My real father killed my wife’s grandfather and Nan forgave him!
Dropping his head into his hands, he rubbed his forehead bitterly trying to process it all. He would not tell Nan that some political prostitute from his past had just shared with him that she believed Frankie had gone to see this Hunter Freeman. There was no need, not yet at least. She had boarded the flight and was safely on her way home. When the time was right, he would chase down Hunter Freeman, and the man would dread the day that he spit his semen into the likes of Janice Leigh.
He turned to Nan as she was dabbing at the corners of her eyes. He wondered what this Hunter Freeman looked like. He would kill the man for stealing Nan’s happiness all these years. And yet just as she had said, so she did… she had forgiven the man she believed to be her husband’s killer. Her expression was one of pain but also of forgiveness. Chase could never forgive anyone for killing his wife. No. He would kill them.
“Thank you, Nan. I don’t know what to say and I know I can’t make any of this right.” He shook his head with revulsion of his own lineage and looked back to the woman he deemed a saint. “Thank you for loving me in spite of who I am.”
She took his chin in her hand like she did when he was a child. “I love you because of who you are. God’s creation. Don’t evah forget that. Now. As God forgives, so must we. You remembah that, young man.” Intensifying her stare and her voice, she looked for confirmation. “Do you heeyah me now?”
She stood up, and took both of his hands. She gripped them tightly as he continued to sit beneath her perusal. She looked at him square in the eyes and then pulled away from him and headed for the SUV. Chase stood up from the bench and followed her.
Nan reached the SUV and turned to him. “Now go get our girl, and tonight after you’ve had some time togethah, I want you both to come to the cottage and meet with me and the Pastor. Promise me you will, Chase? We need not discuss any unpleasantries but enjoy being togethah as a family. Rest assured that Frankie’s not aware of what I just shared with you. Other than the Pastor, no one is.”
“Thanks, Nan. It’ll take me a few days to mull over, all this information about Hunter Freeman ‘n all. Me and Frankie have so much goin’ on, I’d rather wait a few days and together, you and I will tell her this.” He hesitated then continued. “You also said earlier something about Silverton’s will. Is it as earth-shattering as what you just told me?” He raised skeptical eyebrows.
Nan smiled and winked reassuringly. “Yes and no. Considering what I just told you, no. It isn’t as severe. But for Frankie, it might be. We’ll just have to wait and see how she takes it all. It’s all we can do.”
She climbed into the SUV and put on her belt. Chase shut the door as she started the engine. Rolling down her window, she looked at Chase with a quiet smile.
He kissed her cheek. “Thanks for everything. I wouldn’t know what to do withoutcha.”
Nan smiled her beautiful smile. “Don’t look to me Chase and don’t look to Frankie, look to the One Who loves you through us.”
With that, she put the vehicle in reverse and headed on her way.



Chapter 58

|OXO|


With everyone moving slowly through the tunnel exiting from the plane, Frankie looked up and noticed an older gentleman walking with the use of crutches. He struggled to keep moving, while at the same time, trying to stay out of the way of others. Pulling her keys from her purse, she put them in her shorts pocket, and checked her watch; 2:25 p.m.. They were right on time.
The foot traffic started moving at a faster pace which made Frankie look up. The poor man with the crutches had pulled off to the side as some of them were grumbling. Frankie went up to him and stood beside him as the others passed by. “I’d be happy to help you if I can.”
The man’s eyes softened with her offer. “No. But thank you.”
Frankie smiled back, “You’re welcome.” 
With no baggage to retrieve, she headed for the exit scanning for a restroom along the way.
She had listened to the recordings, the one from the workshop and living room did not activate. Likely the battery power drained but the one in her garage did activate. One voice sounded like Chase when he spoke in German, as he often did in his sleep. The other voice was familiar but she couldn’t place it, a man’s voice. The first parts of the recordings were muffled, yet the latter part seemed clearer with both English and German. Frankie didn’t understand German dialect. She’d need help.
She hoped to get Joe alone later, he knew basic German. She wasn’t sure what it all meant, and her mind had had plenty of time on the return flight to spin several scenarios. Oddly, she wasn’t surprised at hearing voices on the recorder, she’d expected it even. The past week had been filled with strange events, even fatal. The vision that she’d experienced while she’d sunbathed on the dock. The timing of the vision confirmed… that something big was happening. Although she wasn’t surprised, her level of anxiety had topped out.
Seeing a restroom sign up to her right, she moved out of the flow of foot traffic. Just before entering, she felt it… a rush of energy.
Uncertain if it was paranoia or intuition, she could feel someone watching her. She turned and looked behind her. Nothing. Nothing peculiar.
She chided herself. I’m paranoid, that’s all.
The restroom was oversized with about a dozen stalls on each side and completely quiet. She glanced in the long, rectangular mirror above the row of sinks and caught her image.
“Eeeek!”
After using the toilet, she washed her hands and splashed her face with cool water. She was glad for the fluorescent pink T-shirt she wore. It added some color to her complexion. She was pale-looking despite her tan. She dried her face with paper towel from the dispensary and opened a new jar of face cream from her backpack. Applying the face cream also added a little color to her face with the rubbing motion. She brushed out her hair with her hands. Putting her sunglasses to her face, she pushed them up, using them as a head band.
Two teenagers entered paying her no mind as she started to leave the restroom. She looked at her image as she passed the body-length mirror near the exit. The white shorts at least complimented her pale looking tan. She now had a little color in her face. But she had nothing for her dry eyes. She pulled her sunglasses down to cover them. Mussed her hair, clipped it up, then stepped back into the flow of foot traffic.
She felt someone’s eyes upon her and again – a rush of energy. This time she was certain. Being surrounded by a lot of people made her feel a little more confident. She decided to stay near as many people as she could and cross over to the parking lot with a crowd.
Unaccustomed to feeling unprotected, Frankie thought to herself – Chase you make me feel safe, you and Nan. But right now, she only trusted in one of them to confide in.
I’ll call Nan on the way home. See if she knows anything about James Hunter before I break the news to Chase. Or maybe it won’t be news at all to him… another disturbing thought.
She turned to step into the revolving door and exit the building. Her left peripheral recognized a familiar figure move from a sitting to a standing position. At first it was surreal. Now an electrifying energy surged!
Instead of exiting, she pulled back from the door and out of the way of others. She quickly turned back to the source of energy. Her breath caught in her throat.
It’s him!
He stood there staring at her. Frankie could see both relief and apprehension as the two made eye contact.
She walked over to him, searching his body language and wondered – who is this man I’m married to?
She winked at him, and with a soft and sincere tone, she asked him, “You okay?”
His eyes filled with mystery, disturbance, wonder, hope, and love. Those mysterious and color-changing eyes; sometimes hazel and sometimes blue. He reached out and wrapped his arms around the long of her back. With a sad but beautiful smile, he responded. “I am, as long as you are.”
A few tears escaped and rolled down her cheek as she spoke softly. “I’m okay. I missed you.” Frankie wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him close.
“Aaaaugh.”
She pulled back at his reaction as though she had crushed him. Gasping, she searched his flushed face. “What’s wrong, Chase?”
He was trying to look brave. Between a light coughing spell, he told her, “I got a bit of a bruise on my side that’s all, babydoll. If you’ll come in closer and hold me, I won’t even feel the pain anymore.”
She did. Gently leaning into him, she lowered her hand to embrace around his waist. She moved her hand far enough down so as not to harm him. “I’d take all your pain away if I could, Chase.”
With a partial smile he said, “I never want you to do that. Not ever, woman.”
Frankie knew things would never be the same. She also sensed that he knew that as well. Pulling her gently for her head to fall back, he reached down to kiss her nose and then her cheeks. Brushing her cheek, he whispered, “Come on now, the truck is in public parking where we found your SUV that Nan drove home.”
Frankie moved to his side and supported him as they moved to the revolving door. “She did, huh?”
“Yessah, she did.”
Ignoring her protest, he removed her backpack and slung it over his shoulder once they were outside on the sidewalk. Frankie kept her position beside him for support as they moved together across the roadway to the parking area. Chase put her things behind the seat, and they both climbed into the truck.
He started the engine. Before he put the truck in reverse, she asked, “Hey, how’d you know this was my flight?”
He grinned as he backed out of the parking lot, “I decided it was time to utilize my sister’s ‘connections.’”
Frankie smiled at him. “I’m glad you’re here, Chase. I love you.”
She may not be clear as to who the man was that she married, but she was certain that she loved him without doubt. And love didn’t have to make sense.
Leaving the parking lot, Chase looked straight ahead but spoke directly to her, “I live for you, woman.”



Chapter 59

|OXO|

Frankie walked out into the living room from their bedroom and took in the surroundings. Everything was in its place.
She slid her hand atop the cooled and polished bureau.
The same feel.
She moved to the bed, picked up his pillow, and inhaled his musky male scent.
The same smell.
She walked to the French doors leading to the deck and opened them. She listened to the busyness of the birds and the traffic on the street.
The same sounds.
But this is not my life. Maybe it never was.
She stepped back into her bedroom. Closing the French doors, a sense of mourning alerted her. She remembered the voices on the recorder.
Is that my husband’s voice?
The young boy, the picture on James Hunter’s wall.
My husband has a twin?
She shook her head, numb to the events of the past week.
They had stopped at a small diner on the way home for a late lunch. Chase actually ate a cheeseburger and fries with her. He was vulnerable, emotionally and spiritually vulnerable. He was holding back. She was holding back. So many bizarre things had happened over the last few days…
Where do we begin?
She walked through the kitchen and out through the breezeway. Walking through the garage, she thought about the voices on the recordings. She imagined the two men speaking right there, near the door that led to the back yard. She shook her head in disbelief. Not even ten days ago, she would’ve run to Chase with this information. Now, she feared what he would do with it, or, just how involved he himself might possibly be. She needed to speak with Joe. Julia would not have the point of view she needed for this purpose.
Joe had been waiting on the porch when they arrived. He mowed the lawn, freshened the gardens, and washed Chase’s truck. He might be an “Ebenezer” with money, but not with his time. No big-to-do from him when they arrived home which was strange, Joe being the natural performer that he was. He hugged her and shook Chase’s hand and then headed back to his parent’s place. Frankie wasn’t prepared to divulge anything to him then and there, not with Chase present. She had winked at him, and he winked back.
She would see him soon enough. Alone.

|OXO|

Stepping into the workshop, Chase appeared to be heavy in thought when Frankie spotted him tinkering with his nail guns in the corner.
“Hey, babe, you startled me.”
Frankie walked over and took his hand. “Sorry.”
“It’s okay. I’m a little jumpy.” He tugged her hand. “Check this out. You must’ve put this in the hutch. I found the door open a little. When I went to shut it, I noticed this.”
Frankie smiled. “With everything going on, we never opened Nan’s gift.”
Chase handed it to her. Their gift was wrapped in paper with “Happy 10th Anniversary,” printed everywhere. Stamped throughout the Christmas-silver colors were raised bells. Frankie ran her fingers over the raised bells. Back and forth she felt the little bumps. She touched them as though those raised bells were magical. Hoping that, perhaps, they held the mysteries of her marriage and the answers that she needed would just magically appear.
She grinned as she set the gift down on his work bench. Nothing. No magic. No revelations from the silver bells.
Chase asked, “Don’t you wanna open it?”
“I do, Chase. Nan gets the most thoughtful gifts for us but first I want to see your side. I saw that you took an Advil at the restaurant, do you feel a little better?”
Chase smiled at her use of the word Advil. “Yes, dear. I took three since this morning, and I feel no pain. Don’t worry. I’ve had those Advil pills for three years, and it’s the first time I’ve used them.”
Frankie suspected Chase hadn’t thrown out the Percocet’s that Nan had given him a few years back. That would have bothered her before – strange how perspectives and priorities can change in such a short time.
She watched as he moved with less pain. The color in his face was now healthier looking. “You look much better now.”
Chase gestured for her to examine his side.
She reached over and gently pulled up his shirt. “It looks good, no bruising.”
“Uh Huh. It’s all in the mind baby. It’ll be a day or two and I’ll be back to loving on you.”
He turned away from her and picked up the gift, taking the initiative, he began to unwrap it.



Chapter 60

|OOO|

Chase reached over to kiss his wife in the midst of unwrapping their gift. Chase was so relieved to be home with her and that she was safe. Yet it was all different, dreamlike almost.
If Tsar was the one sent to retrieve the SD card from Frankie, she showed no signs of being disturbed. With uncertainty in every corner of his life, all he really cared about was that Frankie was safe and that she loved him.
He held out Nan’s gift, a photo collage. “What a wonderful and thoughtful woman Nan is, huh babe?”
“Without a doubt, Chase.”
His heart lamented silently remembering Nan’s brokenness when she revealed to him the man who’d killed her husband was Hunter Freeman; his biological father. Chase trusted Nan. He believed her without question.
Why do my circles run so small?
He laid down the collage on his work bench as they looked at the photos. The left side filled with pictures of their past, the right side waiting for pictures of their future. The first picture was when they were leaving for their ice cream date. The second picture was Chase on his knee proposing to Frankie. Chase and Frankie looked at one another, both astonished as neither had ever seen these two pictures. They were beautiful and brought his mind back to a place where his heart had burst with love. His life-long dream just beginning.
The next one was their wedding, then their first anniversary. Next was their fifth anniversary and finally, the picture from the other day; their tenth anniversary. There were five empty spaces on the right side prepared for their twentieth, twenty-fifth, fortieth, fiftieth, and seventy-fifth anniversaries.
Chase pointed to the one where he was on his knee, proposing to her. “I will take a knee before you always, Frankie.”
She reached up and kissed him. “I remember that there was this sort of energy when you came into the restaurant those three days. Somewhere inside, I think I knew it was you, but I was afraid to hope. And even today at the airport, I felt that same energy all these years later.”
Chase was relieved in this moment to have his wife there with him and that her grandmother still loved him without prejudice. He pulled back a bit and suggested, “Nan wants us to come over, then after, we will see what Joe, Julia, and Cody are doing? We could take the boat out.”
She grinned at him. “Hey! That sounds perfect, Chase.”
He watched as her face creased in curiosity. “…Ahh, ugm, you don’t think Julia and Cody do you?”
Chase chuckled, “You’re so quick, Frankie.”
Gently she nudged his shoulder at his teasing, and she laughed right back with him. “That’s the best news in a while, huh, Chase? I really think that Cody and Julia would be a perfect couple!”
“They stand a chance I think. So, how about we focus on our next sixty-five years together? Cody and Julia can watch and learn.”
Frankie came in close, and Chase held her tight.
In the midst of this fun-loving moment, a voice from behind whispered…
Sorry, Chase but… this is it.



Chapter 61

|OXO|

Hovering at near 80 degrees and with rising humidity, the time was just before 5 p.m.. Tonight would be a beautiful evening for a boat ride, putting some of their marriage back into perspective.
Frankie locked up the house and headed out with Chase to the trail leading to Nan’s when her cell phone rang. Looking down at the caller ID, she told Chase, “Oh! It’s Nan. My battery is getting low, so I’ll charge it a bit while I call her from the landline. Go ahead. I’ll be right behind you.”
He patted his pocket, pulled out his phone and looked at it. “Okay, I guess.”
He looked around the area as though someone might be watching them. “Be careful.” He reached over and kissed her. “I don’t like that Warden isn’t with you, so don’t dally. I’ll wait for you at the Old Orphanage, alright?”
Frankie smiled. “Okay. Don’t worry. With all Nan’s prayin’, God, well, He’s a whole lot bigger than Warden. Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
Chase only half nodded. He seemed uncertain.
Frankie watched as her husband walked up to the edge of the trail. He reached in his pocket, took out his phone and tapped something out. He looked back to her one more time, and then disappeared onto the trail.

|OXO|

Frankie locked the door to the house again and headed toward the trail.
Nan told Frankie that the Pastor and Joe were there and that she’d made corn-cream muffins for strawberry short cake and to come right along. Nan spoke with an excited and relieved tone.
Frankie bounced over the ditch and onto the trail. She got halfway to the Old Orphanage when she noticed about twenty-feet in front of her, a large black snake had stretched itself across the trail – blocking her path.



Chapter 62

|XXX|

After much time of torture passed, the casket opened and a soft glow shined in the distance. He was alone. The little creature was not with him. Tsar recoiled for the pain that would follow.
A soft whisper fell upon his face. “It’s alright. It’s okay, it’s okay, Lucian. It’s not what you think.”
Tsar felt his mind slip back and forth from past to present. He wasn’t sure who he was; the small creature that was tortured, or a fearless warrior. He swept his chest, scooping up the mice, and as they shrieked in protest, he threw them out of the Box and onto the floor. The last one screeched from one side of the room to the other and then a thump ended the screech.
Startling him, the soft whisper had turned firm, repeating, “Come Lucian, it’s okay, it’s not what you think. But we have to move – now!”
Feeling the years rush back, he asked, “Whose Lucian?” Though his brain spoke the words, no sound came forth. He wondered what happened to the small creature from inside the Box.
Did they kill him?
He’d promised the little one that they would survive. And the boy beside the Box? Or was any of it true? Maybe implanted memories? A dream – a nightmare?
The firm voice softened once again and in a gentle whisper, “I hate what they do to us.”
King Charles? KC?
No. The voice was similar yet void of dripping sarcasm and mockery.
Being tugged with powerful hands, he was lifted and laid out on a stretcher. He’d been bled and drained from a thousand needle pricks, soaked and sickened by urine. Opening his eyes, he was engulfed with darkness. Blind. The soft glow now snuffed out.
Searching his mind for more recent memories, Tsar struggled to grab ahold of something solid that made sense. Francine. Pennsylvania. The Bunker. The training room. The Colonel. The Colonel in the training room.
The Colonel?
Part of him sought the moment. Yet other parts had been left behind. The memory of the fetus-positioned child beside the Box burned into his soul. And the one inside the Box, he could still feel him. As Tsar had wrapped the small boy tightly unto himself, it was as though the two were actually… one.
Lucian.
That small creature inside the box was Lucian?

|XXX|

Tsar forced himself to stay in the moment.
He felt himself being lifted on all four sides. As they began to move, he could feel a growing distance between himself and the two small boys. He tried to clear away the mental debris.
He was being hurried down into a cave. The tunnels?
The Lady moving fast at his side assured him, “They call what you’re having, ‘an abreaction.’ It appears that instead of burying the truth, you’re beginning to question Network programming and their motives. It’ll be costly, but you have to do it, not just for us but for… her.”
With lightning speed, they moved him from one place to another. Slowing their pace, Tsar suspected he had been moved from South to Northside. He opened his eyes but still the same sheet of darkness blinded him. He heard a door open. Still, there was no light.
With the authority of a mother, the Lady beside him commanded, “Matrix assemble! KC, take the lead.”
The sound of a door opened above while all about him, he could hear the sound of feet scurrying and scuffling. One by one, a soft thump was heard. Each soft thump was a little more distant and higher than the next. Knocking was sounded at the last sound of a thump. A door creaked open.
Tsar could now see something other than dead darkness!
Above him was a soft, yellowish glow at the top of the stairs. Dark silhouettes of little creatures stood on each stair tread.
Before he was moved to the first stair to ascend, he heard a whisper in the corner. Turning, he saw that small Shadow and with a small voice calling out… his name.
“Lucian.”



Chapter 63

|OOO|

Chase stood at the cross trail. He considered how he’d not really thought this through very well. The last time he’d been at the Old Orphanage, he nearly lost his mind. Still, he’d follow through with his plans to meet his wife there. He considers that he should’ve waited outside for her while she talked with her grandmother instead of going ahead without her.
Headed for the building, he felt nearly possessed with a cascade of sounds and images inside his head. He ignored the sounds and images for fear of his own sanity when a vibration in his pocket sent him nearly over the edge, followed by a strange ring tone.
He wanted to ignore it, but with everything going on and Frankie not by his side, he pulled out his phone.
He looked to the phone. The number didn’t register in his mind, but he answered it just the same, “Yeah.”
“Houston. We have a problem.”



Chapter 64

|OXO|

Frankie moved a little closer to the snake as it stretched out four feet long, blocking the trail. Scouting the ground beneath her, she scooped up some small rocks and tossed them at the hideous creature. It didn’t budge. She tossed a stick at it and it bounced off its back. Still, it didn’t move.
Maybe it’s dead?
She couldn’t bring herself to go near the thing.
Having been through several life-altering experiences the past few days, this was just ridiculous. She reached for her phone in the waist of her cotton banded shorts. “Oh crap!” She’d left it at home to charge. She turned on her heel, headed back toward the house to call Chase when she noticed two young males in the distance walking slowly in her direction. She stopped dead.
Something ain’t right.
One was talking on the phone, and the other stared in her direction. Dressed in jeans, T-shirts, and work boots, they were not outfitted as most trail-walkers were. Her heartbeat accelerated, her palms began to sweat.
Chase was only a quarter mile in the distance. She could yell. She chastised herself for being so wimpish. Why yell? It isn’t as though she has a reason to yell.
Is there?
Paranoia vied for her attention, or was it caution? Maybe a bit of both. First the snake and now two suspicious characters were walking in her direction. She felt trapped.
“Just perfect.” Petrified of the black snake, she hissed at herself, “I am such a hypocrite!” She had just flaunted that she had the protection of Nan’s prayers, and here she was, riddled with fear.
She turned back in the direction of the snake that blocked access to her husband, when a phenomenal sight swooped down in front of her…

|OXO|

A large bird, with brownish orange and cream colored feathers landed on top of the once dead-still snake and gripped the slithery creature in its claws. No mistake about it, this was a beautiful hawk. With powerful, yet range controlled movement, the hawk flapped its wings and properly balancing its method of attack, successfully trapped the reptile and prepared to ascend upward.
With powerful, swooshing wings, Frankie watched in amazement as the hawk lifted off the ground. As it ascended, the snake now squirmed frantically from both gripping claws to free itself.
Not a chance, creeper, you’re supper now! Sorry, no mercy from me snake-arooh.
Frankie was happy to be rid of the nasty, slimy, shiny creature. She wasn’t sure if hawks normally came so close to humans and considered that this might just be – a small miracle.
Thank You, God!
In all the excitement, she had momentarily forgotten about the guys walking behind her. Feeling a breath of divine protection, she turned quickly to see if they were at her heels. They had advanced, yet she was still a safe distance from them. They, too, had been distracted by the hawk diving in for its evening meal. Not excited, just distracted.
They were about fifty feet behind her now. She could see that they were in their teens, maybe early twenties. Not wanting to appear fearful, she waved at them before turning back toward the trail. “Hey, that was pretty cool, huh?”
They both nodded, and with a neutral tone they responded, “Yeah, it was.”
Remembering Who was really in control, she took off into a fast jog headed for the Old Orphanage where her husband waited.
She rounded the corner from the Main Trail leading toward the Old Orphanage, when she turned to see if the guys were still trailing her. They stood watching but no longer advancing. She thought about how she was followed in Pennsylvania and now, even here, at home. They were stalking her. Or perhaps they always had and she never noticed before, and just maybe… they were everywhere, all over the world!

|OXO|

She could see in the distance her husband sitting on the porch deck of the Old Orphanage. His feet planted on the stairs beneath him. Slightly bent forward, he rested his elbows on his knees. He was looking straight ahead as Frankie slowed to a light jog and headed for the seat next to him. She was relieved at the sight of him until she came close enough to see his strange countenance.

|OXO|

Frankie walked up to the stairs and stood silently. Chase had looked between her and the woods to his left as she approached him, his face serious and saddened. His lips were drawn in a thin line. He studied her for a brief moment.
“Chase, you okay? I came right after the phone call from Nan. You wouldn’t believe what I just saw. A hawk swooped down and scooped up a snake that was blocking my path. I got nervous wanting to call you, but I left my phone to charge and then there were two kids in the other direction that made me nervous and when…”
She stopped speaking when she realized that she was talking frantically while he remained calm.
Eerily calm.
“Hey, you alright, babe?” Frankie walked up the few stairs studying his face. The excitement of the hawk and the boys faded away with the distant look in her husband’s eyes.
In the short time they were separated, it was as though he’d stepped into a different realm. The things that he had learned about his life the past few days were enough to put any man into a different realm. And Frankie had discovered more things about her husband in the past week than their ten years combined. Even still, she could see more puzzling pieces sitting right there in front of her.
Puzzle pieces. She’d collected many of them over the years, each one with its own mystery. And the pieces altogether, fit into the same puzzle.
A puzzle she called, “Husband.”

|OXO|

Having joined him sitting on the porch, they sat for a few moments as Chase studied everything around him, quietly. Frankie became slightly concerned with his long-held silence. She leaned in with her shoulder and bounced off of his.
“Hello. Is anyone with me or am I all alone out here?”
Chase stood up and held out his hand. His expression was solemn, thoughtful. She was having a hard time reading him. She took his hand. Using a little strength, he pulled her up in front of him. He reached down and kissed her cheek like Joe might do. Then he pulled back and looked at her as though she’d been lost to him for years. He ignored her question as he finally spoke to her.
“Hello, Fancy.”
Perplexed, yet endeared, she smiled. “You haven’t called me that since we were kids, Chase. How sweet.” She reached up and kissed his cheek. “Let’s get headed, Nan’s waiting.”
No response. He just stood there gazing at her still. She turned to face straight ahead toward the Main Trail, urging him with a pull on his hand. “Come on, Chase. Nan’s waiting. You ready?”
She looked up at him, waiting for an answer and noticed how he looked around like everything was new. Or maybe like everything was the same but he hadn’t seen it for years. She repeated her question. “So? You ready, babe.”
He turned his eyes downward into hers with a remorseful smile. He began walking with her toward the Main Trail as he mysteriously stated, “It’ll be good to see her.”
It was on the tip of her tongue to say, “Chase, you just saw her this afternoon.” But she held back, not wanting to make sport of him. Perhaps, it was the Percocet’s, his system unaccustomed to narcotics.
They walked for about fifty feet in silence reaching the Main Trail. Frankie attempted once again to get him on familiar ground; “Don’t you miss Warden and Bounce?”
Chase looked in the direction leading toward their house. She followed his lead. Frankie was surprised to see the two guys still standing there, having moved a little closer since she’d last seen them. They were off to the side of the trail but scouting the area to the left and to the right.
Chase answered her question, “Uhm, sure. They’re good dogs.”
Frankie snorted and wrinkled her nose as she turned to him. She couldn’t believe that he had just spoken about their four-legged children as though they were the neighbor’s dogs. Chase stopped in his tracks. He turned face-on toward the guys on the trail.
The young men now faced Chase outwardly. Frankie looked from them to Chase and then back to them.
Was there going to be a battle for goodness sake?
She looked again to Chase and saw that he narrowed his eyes as he looked straight at them. He made fists and folded his arms across his chest in an X fashion. Then with force, he threw both fists as though making something disappear in a magic trick leaving his open palms for them to see. The guys at the receiving end of the signal nodded in compliance and then… just left – in the other direction.
Her mouth fell open, and she stood there stunned. He tugged her hand to lead her in the direction of Nan’s without explaining.
She could not hold her tongue this time. “Chase! Just what was that all about?”
“Nothing, Francine. Just a bunch of nosey punks. I signaled them to get lost.”
Frankie silenced for the moment, was stunned at his sudden change of character. Things were not making any sense. He seldom ever called her Francine unless he was teasing in a fatherly tone. This was not a fatherly situation. And the name “Fancy” hadn’t been used since before Chase left for Germany when they were young. Whatever was just communicated, was more involved than just some nosey punks on the trail.
What is going on?
Frankie and Chase walked quietly a few more hundred feet when Chase halted. They had reached the next cross trail, leading over towards the Village store.
He let go of her hand.
Frankie found that she was holding her breath. Finally, she blew it all out in a state of maddening confusion. Her eyes darted back and forth, back and forth looking to see if there were any more oddities in their surroundings. Normally they would stay on the Main Trail to go to Nan’s. They would only cross here if they needed something at the store, of which she was certain, they did not.
She finally snapped. “What is it, Chase? For crying out loud, tell me damn it!”
While Frankie had remained straight ahead on the trail, Chase turned to the cross trail twisting his head back and forth. It was as though he was listening for something or someone and they were calling out his name.
Frankie could not deny that the man who looked, felt, spoke, and smelled like her husband… was not her husband!

|OXO|

He continued to stare away from her in the direction of the Village store. As she stood to his left, he kept his sights to the right. His eyes searching the trail when finally he said, “There’s an entire world of evil out there that your kind knows nothing about.” He hesitated briefly before he continued with what he truly had on his mind…
“Francine, very soon they will learn that you had an SD card and that you made contact with a construction business looking for a James Hunter.”
The air seemed to choke her. She stepped away from him while trying to round her way to see his eyes, but she could not. He moved to avoid eye contact.
She rushed the words at him, “Who are they?”
Without emotion, he answered. “People who want the SD card back. Very bad people.”
Without time to process what he just said or for her to consider how on earth he knew anything about the disk, she snapped at him again. “I will not apologize for what I did, Chase, nor will I explain myself to you while you’re in this mood. I’m going to Nan’s. Come along if you like. Or don’t. Your choice. But I’m going!”
Tears stung her eyes and immediately her vision was blurred. She turned in the direction leading to Nan’s. As she did, she felt him grab her with ferocity and pull her towards him. As her body was pulled with exceeding force, her heartbeat stopped, and for the first time in her life, Francine Alexandra Churchill Manning, feared her husband.

|OXO|

Forcefully he pulled her into his chest, stopping her just in time, by catching her shoulder before her body slammed into his. Then he wrapped both of his arms around her so tight she couldn’t move, could barely even breathe.
He spoke with tears in his voice now. “I’m so sorry, Frankie. I am so very sorry. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Please forgive me. I’d never hurt you. I’d die a thousand times before I would hurt you or let anyone ever hurt you! I love you with all I am and all that I have. You know that, don’t you, babydoll?” He continued to sob as he buried his head into hers. “Please forgive me, Frankie, I’m begging you. I just need a little more time to figure this out. Please, honey.”
Frankie gave way to full-blown bawling. She’d been strong for several days now and had more thrown at her in a week, than most women would experience in an entire life-long marriage. Still, her heart ached for him.
“It’s alright… It’s alright, Chase. You don’t have to do this alone. You have me, Nan, Cody, and Joe. We love you! We’re right here. We’re for you, not against you. You know that, Chase.”
Neither said anything for a few moments as they held one another in a strong embrace.
Finally, Chase placed his hands on her shoulders and separated the two of them enough so that he could look into her eyes. He tugged at the front of his T-shirt and wiped the tears from his face with the inside of his shirt. His tears mixed with the sweat that had beaded on his forehead.
“Frankie. James Hunter is my father. His real name is Hunter Freeman. Did you find this out when you talked to him?”
She remembered the name of the construction business JHF construction…
That’s it. James Hunter Freeman.
Again, Frankie was stunned!
He does know this – and for how long?
“Chase, how do you know what I did while I was gone? Please tell me, because you’re scaring me. Why didn’t you tell me you knew about this on the way home from the airport, why wait until now?”
And while she said this, she could see in his face that he had the same question of her. Neither had she shared anything.
Cryptically, he responded. “Because, Frankie, my circles are getting smaller and smaller. I don’t know how much time we have left together. I wanted to enjoy a few more hours with you before all hell breaks loose.”
“What is going on Chase? For goodness sake! Tell me. How do you know what I did while I was gone if you were here?”
A memory flashed… was it only a dream? She couldn’t be sure now about the dream of desperate love-making in Philadelphia.
God in heaven! He would never do that.
She sucked in the air and held it.
Would he?
She turned from him and felt her head begin to swim. She couldn’t tell him the dream.
Why? Because it sounds crazy? Or just maybe… because it wasn’t a dream at all!
Collecting herself, she turned back to him and demanded with a soft and pleading tone, “Tell me, Chase, what’s going on. Please. Who told you that I even had the disk or SD card; whatever you call it?”
He let his shoulders drop and nervously his head bobbed back and forth in the negative. He looked around again and took a deep breath. Exhaling, he answered her.
“The one called King Charles told me. She seems to keep an eye on both of us all the time. She has her own agenda, and though she seems to want me outta the way, she makes sure that you’re safe.”
Frankie turned his chin so that she could see his eyes. With all she’d learned, she was beginning to wonder if this King Charles was a real person or a figment of his imagination. If so, her husband’s mental health could be far more desperate than she would have imagined. And if King Charles was real, then was her husband in danger? But somehow, she could not bring herself to ask this question. Because she sensed there was no right answer to be found, not today and maybe not ever.
“Tell me, Frankie, where’s the SD card? I’m a little afraid that those who want it will come looking for you. Those guys back on the trail… King Charles most likely sent them, because she knows whoever possesses the SD card is in danger. I don’t really know much more than that.”
As he finished speaking, his shoulders slumped giving way to momentary surrender. She watched as he pressed his lips together tightly. He was holding back, and whatever he was holding back… was to protect her.
From what? The truth?
She couldn’t push him. Not now. He was very fragile. His entire body language was racked with confusion.
Choosing to love him instead of hound him, Frankie formed a crooked smile and stepped in closer to him.
What else can I do?
He held her close, and cradling her head with his hand, he kissed the top of her head. “Thanks, babe. I know I’m kinda weird. But by Nan’s God, I love you with all my heart.”
After a quiet moment rocking one another, Chase pulled away and then tugged at her hand. “Let’s stop by the store, Frankie. I need a Red Bull.”
“Okay sure, Nan will wait.” She smiled. “I’m just glad to have you back.” She reached up and kissed him.
He took her hand as they turned for the Village store and she thought, have you back? I don’t even know who you are!



Chapter 65

|OOO|

A car passed by on Center Street as Chase stopped at the end of the trail and glanced to the other side. He still had so many unanswered questions: Nan said that she believed Hunter Freeman was a part of the conspiracy that killed her husband, and she believed that Freeman was remorseful. And just why was Frank Churchill such a threat that they killed him? He learned something?
Chase held back the frustrated, blood-curdling scream that was building for the sake of his wife. Instead, he tugged at her hand before she stepped off the trail and onto the paved road.
Frankie turned and looked up at him. “What is it, Chase?”
He glanced over at a park bench that was tucked in, away from the view of the Village store. She nodded in the affirmative, walked over to it, and sat down. Chase got down on one knee in front of her. With saddened eyes, he looked into hers.
“I love you, Frankie. I’m so sorry for my screwed up life and for dragging you into it. I think now, if I truly loved you ten years ago, I should’ve left you to your life. A normal life, without me in it.”
Her face contorted with confusion as she cupped his face in her hands, “Chase. You didn’t pick me. I picked you.”
Chase smiled sadly as a sob escaped his chest. “Then you’re crazy.”
Frankie raised her eyebrows and then made a crooked smile. “Nan says that in God’s eyes, we are all crazy, and she also says that we’re precious, too.”
Chase chuckled at her expression and how she had just lowered herself to his level. A surge of emotion spread from his chest throughout his body. He bowed his head to touch her knees. He didn’t deserve her. He felt the gentle tips of her fingers brushing through his hair.
“Chase. I don’t think that we’re meant to live a life filled with ignorant bliss – and like warriors, we battle a war. Sometimes our adversaries are invisible. The Bible calls them demons. Something big is happening here. We both know that. And whatever it is, we will press onward and we’ll get through, and we will be together when the battle is over.”



Chapter 66

|OXO|

Frankie leaned over Chase as he stayed on bended knee before her. She felt a moving and deep compassion for him. These past few days brought about some clarity concerning her husband’s past, whereas other issues were, and may always be, a mystery.
She wasn’t sure if it was spontaneity, simply the right timing, or… God. Frankie lifted Chase’s head and gently nudged him to look at her. He did so, his eyes desperate and confused.
“Chase. I believe Nan when she says that God loves me and that He loves you. And I believe there’s something He wants you to know.”



Chapter 67

|XXX|

Lucian?
Tsar was now inside the Shelter; inside the enemy’s camp.
Or I am trapped somewhere in the long past. A past that is not even my own.
He closed his eyes as the soft, orangey glow turned to dim lamps above. Other than the Lady with a gentle voice, no one else had spoken to him since he’d entered. No signs of the King. He held his silence. Once settled on a hard, flat surface, he was strapped down by all limbs, even his head. As he lay there, they patted him down, and did so with dignity.
They were silently communicating something with one another about the knife in his pocket.
What about my knife?
He kept his eyes closed and his breathing steady. His mind still divided between the one inside the Pine Box and the one floating above the Pine Box.
Which one am I?
And the boy crouched beside the Box? Who was he?



Chapter 68

|OOO|

Chase waited and watched from his position. He stood on the trail directly across from the Village store where Frankie had left him. By now, she had plenty of time to be settled in at Nan’s cottage. He had kissed his wife goodbye and promised to meet her at Nan’s in a few minutes.
He lied.
Chase looked to the huge boulder that was set in, just off the trail. He walked over and leaned into it.
KC was near, he could feel it. KC knew. She had to have known! His hands slapped his forehead a few times before pressing his palms into his temples trying to grasp reality. He had suspected it and now his wife confirmed it.
I suspected it but now… to hear it from my wife? Damn it!
Like Humpty Dumpty, he was going to fall and break. There would be many pieces shattered, and he didn’t want his wife to deal with having to… put Humpty Dumpty back together again.
I have to do this on my own.
Whatever mental protective measures he’d put in place throughout the years, were being shattered like a straw house in a hurricane. He knew much about his childhood was a lie. He suspected at times even that Pap was not his biological father as there was no resemblance. But for his wife to take a trip out of state and find out in one day, what his own mother didn’t share with him in his lifetime…
I hate you with a passion, Janice Manning. I hope you die!
Chase submerged himself into a pool of hatred which fueled his anger and directed his next move. The shadows on the ground had shifted, showing that sufficient time had passed. He lifted his body off of the huge, solid boulder and headed toward the Village store. Not only had Janice deceived him but so had KC. KC knew this and she, too, kept it from him. He would look for KC first and hunt down his mother later.
But for certain and before the night was over, he would find the man that wore his own face and kill him.



Chapter 69

|XXX|

“Delta 7 7. Open your eyes!”
Tsar opened his eyes. The gentleness of the Lady’s voice had turned commanding. Like a mother who just rescued her child from the deep; grateful for his life, but now she was ready to reprimand him for putting himself there to begin with.
The clickety-clack sound of heels echoed about the room, but still, no one came into view. He maintained silence as he stared into the ceiling mirror above him. His movements were completely restricted, with the exception of being able to turn his wrists and ankles.
The face staring back was not his face but Manning’s. If he could move his head to the side of the cot, he’d puke.
“Welcome back to the Diamond Shelter, Lucian. It’s been a long time.”
The clicking noise came to a silence at his side, and a strange but vaguely familiar woman leaned over him. Her hair pulled back tight in a bun, a clinician of some sort; an attractive and professional looking type. She wore a light blue overcoat. He would think her a programmer, but her eyes were genuine, soft, and changing. They changed back and forth from blue to light gray. He could smell her, a familiar scent of rubbing alcohol and roses. And though her scent was familiar, he could not place her.
She laid her hand over her heart and closed her eyes. Slowly she bowed her head. Tsar was shocked by the gesture. This lady did just as King Charles had that first day at the Old Orphanage. Tsar tried his best not to look confused.
Did she just pay homage to me?
Taking her hand from her heart, she laid it upon his. He didn’t understand it… but he felt it.
A shift in power.



Chapter 70

|OOO|

Chase felt a sickened feeling in his gut.
I’m running out of time!
From this view, Chase could see everyone coming and going, yet, neither Sylar nor Tsar were anywhere in sight. A sense of urgency nearly choked him when his phone buzzed in his pocket, snapping him out of it.
He knew it was them; Frankie and Joe. It was the seventh time his phone had buzzed with a message since Frankie had left for Nan’s nearly thirty minutes ago.
Both Frankie and Joe had sent text messages asking where he was and why he was taking so long. He pulled out his phone, he couldn’t hold them off any longer before they came searching.

Joe: Please stay with Frankie and get her home safe. Stay with her until I get there. Thanks.

Frankie: I love you. I have to figure out a few things. Don’t wait up. Tell Nan I’m sorry.

Chase whispered to himself, “You are safe right where you are, babydoll… while I do what I have to do.”



Chapter 71

|XXX|

“There is a time for denial and a time for survival. Lucian Freeman, do you understand the times?”
She lifted her hand from his chest, and with sternness, she began to lay it out… “We’re all playing in the same game here, just like the championship game. Do you remember how it was – that Chase laid down his helmet?”
What? She’s using the same pitch that the other one did? Except instead of the jersey, now it’s the helmet…
“That’s what you need to do now. Instead of having that cruel dictator, Colonel Manning, brain-whip Chase into it, this time we have a team in place. Our mission is to convince Chase to surrender of his own will. You’re a part of this team, and your role at this time is to stand down and wait. Should you heed my advice, you will be in position just after sunset with time to arrive at the Solstice celebrations.”
She left – abruptly.
Tsar was stunned, but he held steady. Certain there were cameras on him, he only allowed himself to exhale.
Could it be true? Northside is working with Southside? If so, why? Or is this another test?
If by chance this is not a test, Summer Solstice celebrations begin at 1 a.m.. Chase Manning would never surrender his way of life, not willingly.
If she’s right, does she mean to bring Manning in by way of surrender and let him roam free within? Free to bust out at some time in the near future? That will not work. He must be within the prisoner’s chambers, and he must suffer like I did! Do they really think Manning will just willingly hold up at the Shelter for the rest of his natural days? What’re they thinking?
This isn’t a plan, this is a setup!
Without facial expression, inwardly he smirked.
Ah hah, yes of course – that’s it. They don’t want to work with Southside; they want me to work against Southside. I will not betray the Colonel.
Not ever!
His mind rushed back to the File Room and then to the secret conversations with the King. There were situations that he had not reported to the Colonel; he had left on assignment at the request of King Charles and had not sought the Colonel’s permission, and the sweet taste of Manning’s wife… the feel of her smooth skin beneath his…
Oh no! What’ve I done?
He had betrayed the Colonel over and over again; somehow bewitched from the moment the King had paid homage to him.
It’s all a set up. They want me to betray Southside!
Tsar held steady as he heard someone enter from the basement door, followed by the sound of boots scuffing in rhythm.
King Charles.

|XXX|

Tsar could hear bits and pieces of the conversation between the Nurse and the King. The Nurse questioned KC. “Are you ok?”
Tsar strained to hear the King’s response.
“Yeah. I’m okay. It was risky to get so close. And I got nothing new from it. Even worse, I think we’re bloody busted.”
“I’m not surprised, KC. We have really put ourselves out there over the past week. Let’s hope we didn’t risk everything – for nothing.”
What the hell does that mean?
But Tsar wouldn’t ask because they’d never confess.
The sounds of the boots moved closer in his direction as did her irritatingly familiar voice.
“Still feel like bloody rats are crawling all over you?”
This time, he could not resist a response. Not with her. “You should’ve left me to my punishment. The Colonel will kill you for that.”
She stood directly above him, a smile exploding first in her eyes and then spread to her face.
“For such a fierce warrior, you truly are a wazzock.” She shook her head at him, snickering. She began sniffing the air above him.
“What’re you doing?”
She started with a low chuckle that turned into full blown laughter. “I can smell her all over you, Lucian?”
Tsar turned away from her mockery. She knew. He hated that she knew. She always knew. He didn’t try to deny it.
“Don’t go too deep on that one. I’ve had a thousand women, as you have men. And having them all drugged up and helpless only adds to the demands of pleasure.”
“Call it what you will. But you’re different now, I can see it. The desire to protect someone more than your own self, indicates that you just might be human after all. Perhaps your Tinman programming is not so concrete as they’d hoped?”
“You don’t know anything. You don’t even know if you are a male or a female so don’t try to figure me out.”
She mocked, “You’re a bloody fool, Freeman.”
The King moved about the room and worked off her teasing when she became more serious, still holding all the trump cards.
“It’s obvious at this point that at least some of your programming is on autopilot, programming designed to protect their ugly secrets. While you may or may not remember the earliest programming, your subconscious will. It appears that as you are increasingly thinking independent of the Network and their programming methods, your mind is stretching into the past. All of this has sent you into an abreaction state. They want you to keep the ugly truth of the past buried, while telling them your day-to-day activities in the present. Tell me, Lucian, were you in a Box or did you just think you were?”
The thought sobered him. He thought back to his last “real time” activity. He remembered crawling into his cot and thinking about Francine. Before that, was the picture of that girl and old woman.
“No,” he concluded. “It’s you messing with my head. You tucked some picture of a little girl and an old woman inside the plane fare money. It set off a series of triggers, and I have no damn idea what it all meant!”
Her face contorted at the mention of the picture. She dropped her head and searched the floor as though an answer were there before she looked back to him.
“A picture?”
“Sure. You’re innocent, King Charles. Let’s just get on with it. Whatever mind games you have, finish it up and get me outta here.”
She shook her head negatively, “No, it’s not me. Manning also mentioned a picture.”
She squinted and then turned all around the room slowly before turning back to him. She brought her hand to her chin. A revelation perhaps, but she didn’t offer to share it. Instead, she muttered somewhere above him, “Everything in its own time.”
She looked sincerely confused. Still, he didn’t trust her.
“I’m really not sure about any picture, Lucian. But I do know when a subjects programming activates and what it involves. We also know what needs to be done to deactivate it. This is the advantage of having experience, experience that you don’t have.”
Tsar didn’t respond. She wasn’t finished, and he could tell by the tone of her voice he might be there a while.
She seemed to shift character as her face grimaced with contempt. When she looked directly at him this time, it was though she were actually angry for him, and not with him. She turned from him again and seemed to study everything around them. After a few moments, she looked to him once again and shook her head, exhaling loudly.
“The Box was initially used to terrify children in hopes to bury the secrets. This is for the Network’s protection of course. They force other programs inside their subject’s minds as well. Reinforcement programming, shatter protocols, and if that doesn’t work – then they use reprogramming methods. And when all else fails, the bloody bastards implant false memories. However they program, it is layer upon layer upon layer, until we don’t even know who the hell we are anymore! You do not know who you are. As we inch closer to the truth, move you closer to the truth, you’ll have to be extremely cautious of the layered programming that will try to overcome you. You will experience a shift.”
“A shift of what?”
With some apprehension, she responded, “A shift of power. Power that can deliver, or power that can kill. Let’s just hope that in the end, it works out to the System’s advantage.”
He could not deny that, indeed, he’d felt a shift of power as soon as the Nurse laid her hand upon his heart. But if these people thought that they could take on Southside and win, it certainly would not be their victory but their bloody defeat. Tsar didn’t see any real force, no show of serious warriors here, only two women. Yet, they’d had assistance to lift him and rush him from Southside to Northside. Still, nothing compared to the small, trained army that would soon occupy all of the tunnels as well as Southside and Northside.
He asked her frankly, “How many active in the Northside System?”
She laughed in his face, “Three.” She laughed louder, “A thousand and three.” Her laughter eased up as she rolled her eyes at him, “You’ll figure it out, Einstein.”
He hadn’t really expected an honest answer.

|XXX|

KC leaned into Tsar. As she did, she studied him with such intensity that it forced his eyes to turn to hers, their noses nearly touching. He could see the little creatures dancing around in her eyes, scurrying and still looking for a way out. She narrowed her eyes, drilling through his. “Something happened when your mind went inside that mental box. You remembered something. What was it?”
Tsar tightened his lips and turned away.
She eased off the intensity in her tone. “I wonder if the Senator knows what’s buried inside your head?”
Tsar didn’t have an answer to that, and he wouldn’t have responded, even if he did.
“I been studying the recent programming trying to understand your platform to meet you at your own level as I have Chase Manning’s. We know that the Colonel has ordered you to ‘secure only’ any past information that may be stashed within the tunnels that tell of their dirty deeds. They have a very good reason for that, by the way. And these new troops arriving, they are, in-part, a containment crew. Their goal is to keep the secrets protected and you… stupid.”
He listened as she summed things up in her own way. He cornered his eyes to glance at her. She was looking past him to the wall. Her face displayed several emotions; anger, disgust, and if he could read her at all, maybe even – fear. He watched as it all seemed to melt away, replaced with a look of concern.
“We have to be careful. The old programs put in place from childhood may inadvertently reach places that you are not prepared to deal with, compromising the entire System.”
“Not that I haven’t already figured it out yet, woman – but you are System aren’t you?”
The royal witch snickered now. “It’s a good thing for all of us that we’re not counting on your intelligence. Of course I am. You can even call me one of the System Lords if you like.”
He hated the truth, and he hated her for confessing it even. “So you’re Regional Network; higher than the Colonel?”
Leaning into him, she softened her features as well as her tone. “Yes and no. He’s on a different realm than I am and has the power of hell with him. He possesses that same evil that Colonel Harrison Manning indulged in. They serve a darkness that could destroy all of us and all those that we protect.”
Why did she just speak of the Colonel as though there were two of them?
“We’re really up against a whirlwind of shit here, soldier boy. There’s only so much humans can accomplish in a world led by the fallen.”
The fallen? She really does know everything. She even knows about… IT.
EnokKim.
He dared not say the name out loud.
Tsar and the King could banter, and she could war with Southside and even with the Senator if she chose. And should she succeed those battles, it would end there. EnokKim was eternal. They would all die if EnokKim so chose. She knew. She dared not even speak IT’s name.
The King remained in position leaning over him, both were silenced but their thoughts were as one.
She nodded knowingly, acknowledging the power of EnokKim without partaking of it.
Tsar stared at her with intensity, also nodding and acknowledging the power of the evil one.
Quietly, King Charles made her exit.

|XXX|

Again, the sound of clicking came near. The clinician walked to his bed side and unstrapped his head. He’d hoped that she would unstrap his hands as well, but it was obvious that she wasn’t a fool. She did, however, massage with her cool hands the skin where the strap had been, sweaty and stuck to his forehead. Her touch was that of a mother. He still wasn’t sure of her angle, and to his own astonishment, he hoped she was genuine.
“I apologize for KC, Lucian. She is eccentric, indeed. And yet, the two of you have suffered much. I do hope you learn to trust her and not only for your sake.”
They were silent for a moment when the Nurse leaned into him. Her countenance regretful as she lightly touched his hair and whispered, “She’s not forgiven herself for using your jersey and the fatal results that followed.”
Tsar narrowed his eyes at her, surprised for the mention of his trophy sweatshirt.
She pulled back a bit and continued. “The young man William Ked was to deliver the jersey to Chase Manning’s jobsite. Part of the reasoning for that was to alert him, perhaps prepare Chase for the changes to come. We also wanted to give him indication that you were now here in the Village. KC had another more personal reason as well why she wanted Chase to have the jersey. We will see how well that plays out in the next few hours. Her first intention did not play out like she’d planned, and the poor young man was killed because of her recklessness. She had grown fond of the boy during their mission to take down Fox. Ked’s death was senseless. I hope KC’s personal reason fares better than her first.”
She wiped a loose tear from her cheek; Tsar figured it was for William Ked’s sake. And while he wanted to know more about where his sweatshirt might be, it wasn’t the best of timing.
The Nurse continued to lightly brush his hair back from his forehead as she spoke. “But you have both survived much. I hope you can both learn to work together for the sake of survival – for the days ahead.”
She stood back and straightened her position, tugging at her open coat and wrapping it tighter around her torso. Nodding away the sadness, she took on a serious tone. “You’re here, Lucian Freeman, because this… is your time.”
Tsar understood what she meant but not why it mattered to her. He had trained and prepared all his life for the coming day. Perhaps it didn’t really matter to the woman, and she was only stating that she, too, had a small part to play.
Tsar surprised himself by actually addressing this woman. He asked her with sincerity, “What’s your name or your title, ma’am?”
She smiled at his willingness to speak and answered without hesitation. “They call me Nurse here at the Shelter.”
“Just Nurse, ma’am?”
Nodding in affirmation, “Nurse or N, I answer to both.”
He knew it was dangerous, and yet, he felt at ease in her presence. But if he showed trust, perhaps she would also share more of their plan. He moved his head back and forth, releasing some of the pain that had built up before turning his attention back to her.
She winked at him almost as though she knew his thoughts.
Turning her back to him, she took a few steps away facing in the other direction. He watched as she studied something absently on the wall before speaking. “What’s your earliest memory, Lucian?”
“I’m sorry to disappoint you, ma’am. I’m not Lucian. I am Tsar.”
“Your full name is Lucian D. Freeman, and whether you choose to accept that or not, is up to you. I knew you when…” she stopped short. It was the first time either she or the King had used an initial in the name.
Again, the mental image of the blocks moved with the small hands…

L U C I A N D

The room grew uncomfortably quiet when Tsar filled the silence. “What’s the D for, ma’am?”
“That’s something that will come to you in due time.” She turned back towards him and stepped in close once again. Bringing him back to her initial question, she answered it for him. “The training site on Jagged island, isn’t that right? This is your first memory?”
She’d asked him the question knowing that she would also be the one to answer. The question wasn’t a question at all.
“Don’t hide the truth. Not now. There’s a time for denial and a time for survival. Know the times, Lucian.”
The Nurse dipped her head respectfully, turned, and left the room.
She’s wrong. My first memory is meeting Francine Manning. But other than that, I have no memories before then. Why not?

|XXX|

Tsar closed his eyes, wondering why he had never asked himself that same question. Where were his childhood memories? Having been caged most of his life; he’d never thought about it and perhaps even assumed that memories were like that for everyone. It wasn’t as though he had friends to share memories with along the way. No. His life had always been about the next test, being the best, proving himself for the simple purpose of survival.
Now here, in the enemy’s camp, they knew of his past and he didn’t. Tsar pushed it all aside; focusing on his immediate situation. He needed to get back to the Colonel. However many there may be active on the Northside, they were all an enemy of Southside and the Network.
Both the reports and the Colonel had said that there should be no resistance within the System. That Northside had been snuffed out years ago. But they were wrong, beginning with that small shadow that had tapped Tsar directly into the Record and Files room. Weak resistance they might be – but definite resistance. The Colonel would give orders to seize and torture them all.
It’s time to go.
He pulled himself up in the bed, stretching as far as his body would let him. “I need to get back to Southside… now!”
Her Highness returned and filled the doorway with her hands pressing into the door frame. With her teeth somewhat clenched, and her face a light shade of fury, she shook it off before she responded.
“Not yet, Freeman. Before you reenter the free world or the Bunker, you need to know what’s brewing from both sides.”
“You better make it quick, King. No matter what’s happening; Southside, or in the free world, you’re all in a world of shit here at the Shelter, and you know it.”
She wagged her head back and forth a bit and then cocked it. “Not as much shit as you’re in.”
Without introduction, the mirror above him turned into a screen. Tsar watched silently as pictures of Chase Manning and his wife displayed above. Vacation pictures? He felt a twinge of jealousy that he hated himself for. “Why are you showing me this?”
She bent over him and nearly whispered, “Remember the owl symbol?”
He felt an icy cold wave move its way down his spine. He hadn’t remembered it, not until the royal witch just stated it.
He tightened his fists and leaned up into her as close as his restraints would allow. Dreaded tingles of shock waves awakened every nerve within. The strong possibility that highly covert information may be in the hands of civilians horrified him.
“No!”
She took the palm of her hand and smacked his chest, “Careful, soldier, I see fear building in your eyes, don’t make this any worse acting upon emotion. It wasn’t Fox’s SD card that you retrieved. You failed your mission. You let your desires get in the way of your skills. Now let’s move past it and salvage what we can – while we can.”
She was right. Tsar felt a mounting fear. He pulled it all back in and tucked it in its place. “Tell me what else you know.”
“According to our sources, James Hunter has, or will soon have, the SD card; aka; Hunter Freeman.”
He wrinkled his forehead at the name that had now become familiar to him, Freeman.
The King had moved into command mode, no longer displaying the bantering of a sister but undeniably the face of a lead soldier.
“Yes. He is your biological father. He is also Network… recovered Network, for lack of a better term. Hunter Freeman is the man who went AWOL a few decades back. And whatever coding had been put in place to protect the contents within the SD card is trivial compared to his skills. He’s highly trained. He is exceedingly dangerous to Network operations even at the global level. Most importantly, he runs his own underground anti-Network movement. But to our benefit, the Network does not know who James Hunter truly is – not yet. As for the cargo, many ships are coming in during the same timeframe on the Northeast coast due to Solstice celebrations. Hunter Freeman likely knows, or will soon know, where this specific auction is to take place when, at this time, not even the worldwide Network knows where this auction… will take place. And we can’t be sure which auction Fox bought into.”
He had many questions about Hunter Freeman. But they’d have to wait. “You have to let me go! I can make this right. You know I can.”
She left him strapped and then twisted toward the door and yelled, “Medics!”
“Damn it, woman, how long have you known this – that I failed my mission?”
Like a small army, they filed through the door, four of them, each one taking stand at each corner of his cot. The Nurse followed them.
The King raised her volume slightly and ignoring his question, she said, “Listen up, soldier. From here on out, you will have to trust me because you can’t even trust yourself.”
The King left the room.
He could hear the Nurse’s voice as she walked near his cot side. But he could not see her as the medics leaned over him, blocking his view.
“Do not believe them, Lucian!”
The Nurse began to mutter on like an angry mother would. “Tinman? Hah! You’re not a Tinman. You have a good soul. I can see it in your eyes. And once you know the truth and you will know, soon. Very soon. Then you will denounce the evil that binds you. And when the truth comes, remember – they did this to you – not us.”
He wouldn’t ask what that meant, but deep inside, he knew whatever that truth might be, it was about to change his world.
The Nurse concluded the meeting and spoke with a voice of resolution. “This is your time, Lucian D Freeman. Go get ‘em!”
Then he felt it. A needle jabbed deep into the flesh of his thigh.

|XXX|

As the Nurse walked out of the room, Tsar could still feel the metal-cool insert that had pierced his flesh. Drugs were immediately coursing through his veins. He held himself steady in spite of what might come next.
I’ve been through worse hell. I can do this.
The King righted him immediately upon her entrance, “It’s all good, soldier. You just got a large dose of Vitamin B and caffeine to boost your energy and prepare you for release.”
The four medics untied him. Tsar rubbed his wrists. He was greatly relieved that they were releasing him! Two of the medics helped him into a sitting position and gave him a moment. Then helping him to stand, the medics steadied him on his feet. The King came and stood face to face with him. Her eyes shifted with intensity.
“You can do this, soldier. You have to. First, there’s a meeting with Sylar at the Old Orphanage in 45 minutes. Locate the safe room, bring him there. You can access the safe room on the opposite side of the channel entrance.”
Tsar stared at her and thought, safe room for what?
The King did not wait for a response as she rattled off further instruction. “When the meeting with Sylar is over, check Manning’s house. Be certain that Francine had her night-time tea which I switched out earlier today. One teabag will give her a good night’s rest for a minimum of eight hours and with little side effect. Once you’re certain that she drank it, replace the medicated teabags which are over the fridge, with the non-medicated teabags. Then lock them up in Jr. Command before you head out to the rendezvous.”
His irritation continued to mount, wondering how things got so flip-flopped.
Why am I taking orders from King Charles?
She read him with ease. “Listen closely. You can choose what you do next, but I’m telling you right now, that the next few hours will be about survival. And I can’t always be there to hold your hand. Francine Manning has bloody put herself smack damn in the middle of this. They’ll be watching her now. We have to be cautious. We, that is, you and I, cannot even appear to be compromised with our loyalty to the Network. Understood?”
Again, KC didn’t wait for a response. “There are several cargo ships arriving all up and down the East Coast for the Solstice celebration. The Regional Network cannot afford any surprises. As for this particular cargo ship, it will dock somewhere here on the Northeast Coast. Fox did all of his business as local as possible. There are many ports; Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. I am the only one with enough intel to narrow down the exact location. The National level Network will be alerted to our situation; that we have loose, sensitive information. My position requires me to report these matters to the Regionals.”
Tsar’s heart slammed in his chest, and the words came out slow and calculated, “You would not!”
With a final nod, “I’ll see you on the other side, Lucian.”
She would not, would she?

|XXX|

Things went from no movement to rushed movement in a hurry within the Shelter. The guards led Tsar to an open door leading to the basement. The King’s threat stayed with him, “…to report these matters to the Regional’s.”
She can’t mean what I think she means?
But his concerns did an abrupt about-face when he looked beyond the threshold of the basement door to the one long step to the bottom.
“Where the hell are the stairs?”
He looked from the medic on his left to the one on his right. “Are you gonna just throw me to the basement floor?”
The Nurse’s voice came loud over the intercom. “Assemble Matrix!”
Tsar watched as a young child appeared on the basement floor beneath him. Between him and the child, there were only tread-less stairs. He remembered those same scuffling sounds when he’d first been blind-rushed to Northside from Southside. In growing amusement, Tsar watched as the first child lay down a plastic tread, then another and another until rapidly the stairs were in place. Each child manned their station.
A Stair Matrix?
The medic nodded for Tsar to enter the stairway.
The Nurse’s voice echoed all about them through the intercom, “Godspeed, Lucian.”
He stepped onto that first tread. With each step, the tending child bowed their head, placing their hand over their heart as Tsar passed by, just as the King and the Nurse had done.
A full-fledge allegiance from Northside?
His heart fluttered with a foreign emotion as he reached the basement floor.
The Nurse’s voice echoed again throughout the Shelter. “Disassemble Matrix and take defense positions. Buddy, you take co-position.”
Tsar was impressed with the cooperation and organization from even the small ones as he noticed a shadow emerge from the corner of the basement floor, a small boy. The boy kept his head lowered and moved in a little closer toward Tsar, then he lifted his hand and laid it over his heart.
This allegiance, this one from the small shadow, this allegiance was different than all the rest.
Why?
Tsar studied him. The boy was familiar and strange all at once, which seemed to be the growing norm since he’d arrived in the Village. The boy was maybe five years old, but he held himself as a wise old man, appearing to carry the weight of a lifetime on his shoulders.
The memory of the tapping sounds in the tunnel and… the small shadow.



Chapter 72

|OXO|

Frankie had just finished apologizing to Pastor Dave for sneaking the information from his office when she heard the text signal chime on her phone. She pulled it out of her purse in a hurry as Nan, the Pastor, and Joe watched her in anticipation. Reading the words, she sighed with disappointment before turning back to face them.
“I can’t believe it. He’s not coming.”
Nan went to her side and put her arm around her shoulder. As Frankie looked directly to her grandmother, Nan shifted her eyes to the Pastor.
Nan and Pastor Dave had been praying before she arrived. Part of their prayers was that Chase would come to them but he hadn’t. Joe and Frankie had both tried to make contact with Chase to no avail. And when Chase finally responded, it was only to say, he wasn’t coming. And by the look of uncertainty on Nan’s face, Frankie’s concern was real.
The Pastor walked over to her and laid his hand on her shoulder.
“These are difficult times, Frankie. While we do not often see immediate results to our prayers, God is always working in our best interest. At times, He is positioning us for situations that could be days, weeks, years, or even decades away. He sees the entire picture all at once, while we only get a piece at a time. This is why we call it faith.”
Nan turned to Frankie. “Why don’t you and Joe catch up a bit. I’m gonna walk with Dave back to the church. Will you be heeyah when I get back, Frankie?”
Frankie hugged her grandmother. “I don’t think so, Nan. I’ll see if Joe and Lauren wanna take the Jets out and later head to the house and wait for Chase. I’ll see you tomorrow, though.”
“Alright then. You be caihful now, deeyah. There’s a lot of different people that have come to the area today. Many of them at the Hotel. People have been coming and going in the Village, a lot of them stopping by that other church. Somethin’ ain’t right.”
“I’ll be fine, Nan. We’ll all be fine. Don’t worry.” Though Frankie wasn’t convinced of this herself after the week she’d had.
Nan studied her for a moment as though she might never see her again. “Only the Lord can guarantee that, so we will continue praying.” Nan took her hand and winked, “Please call me if you need me.” She kissed Frankie’s cheek and left to meet the Pastor who stood just outside the door.
Frankie turned toward an anxious looking Joe who stood in the main doorway facing her. Silently, he motioned her to the outside picnic table, the new one that Chase had just made while she’d been off to Maine. The table sitting in the same spot where they had all sat as a family gang only a week ago. Frankie couldn’t have ever imagined so much change in such a short time. Joe nodded toward her and then made his way to the picnic table while Frankie washed out the coffee pot and cups and put them in their place.
Joe discovered some of the past few days events by listening to Frankie tell the Pastor and Nan the highlights of what she and Chase had been dealing with. Some of the details she’d left out on purpose. Details she only wanted to share with Joe.
Wiping her hands on the paper towel, she threw it in the trash and stepped quickly through the threshold. Meeting Joe at the picnic table, she stood facing the lake. A soft and refreshing breeze steadily wafted her hair back, cooling the sweaty dampness from her neck. She stood before Joe and held out before him, empty hands.
Joe cocked his head, dismissing her empty hands. “We always have options, Frankie baby.” He looked around, then to her, and back out again as his eyes swept the area and then settled on Frankie. He pointed out over the lake. “Let’s get outta here, go to the other side of the Lake and have a beer.”
Frankie shook her head lightly, confused. “What about Lauren, she’ll be here soon. We can wait for her.”
“That won’t be a problem, Frankie. Not tonight and likely not any night, ever.” His lips pursed together painfully for a moment as he looked away.
Shocked at the news and feeling horribly selfish, “I’m so sorry, Joe. Here I am burdening you with all my troubles, and your heart is broken.”
“It was comin’. I didn’t wanna see it but, it was comin’.” He turned back to her, erasing the pain from his face. “So, let’s get outta here and save that man of yours from whatever or whoever it is that’s messin’ with him. They’ve no idea what a force we can be!”
She smiled, thought about what he just said, and nodded in agreement. “You know it, little Joe. You’re right, let’s do it. Let’s go for a spin. Give me a few minutes to grab my phone. I’ll meet you at the boathouse.”



Chapter 73

|OOO|

Chase stepped out of the front door of the Village store and popped a mint in his mouth.
Man. I could really use a smoke right now.
He’d been back and forth between the Village store, the parking lot, and his rock-perch in the woods, waiting.
From his perch, he’d heard the Jet Skis power up. Soon after, the Jets began to beat and skim the lakes surface, two of them. He couldn’t have planned it better himself. No longer concerned that Frankie would drive by and see him; he left his place of hiding and headed for the Village store, certain that they’d be gone for an hour or more. He wasn’t sure if Joe or Julia went, but he knew for certain that Frankie was one of them. He doubted that Nan would come this way, but if she did, Nan wasn’t as bossy as Frankie and Chase could handle that.
Walking half way the length of the store, he moved in near the side of the building and let his upper back fall into the hard brick behind him with a soundless thud. He planted his feet in a stance, ready to move within a second’s notice.
Facing Center Street, he spat on the ground at the thought of his mother.
Spawn of Satan. How many children did she bear, three, four… six! She tossed us all around like thrown away trash.
He pushed off the building, walked over where he’d just spit, and with his foot, twisted the saliva into the ground.
That’s your head you wench.
He shook his head in disgust. He was lost in a dangerous and perhaps even a fatal zone, when the sound of tires breaking wind caught his attention.
Finally.
Slowly, he lifted his head up as the white cruiser came into view from his left.
Sylar Downs? Could I be so lucky? The sonofabitch knows something. Tonight, he’s gonna talk or he can die, too!
Customarily, Chase would let the bird fly. But tonight, that would be but a playful gesture between them. Nothing about this moment was playful.
With the store shading out the sun in the back ground, he had a clear view as the car came toward him. There was someone in the cruiser with Downs. Chase glared and seethed with hatred as the car idled past, preparing for the T stop on Main Street. There was a passenger in the front seat. No hood. No face paint.
It was him.
While Sylar ignored Chase, the passenger made direct eye contact. No longer incognito, his face lit up with confidence, conviction even.
Looking Chase up and down like Chase had already lost the battle, the front-seat passenger tossed the words out the window as the car continued to roll by…
“Game Time.”

|OOO|

Chase listened with intensity. He heard the cruiser pull off Main Street and round the corner onto a parallel street from where he stood. The parallel street remained a dirt road after all these years. The road passed by a partially hidden entrance leading to the Old Orphanage, the building now tucked and veiled beneath the growth of new trees. That same dirt road also led to Mount Road where Sylar might be circling back to his house. Chase headed for the trail.
Chuckling, he softly spoke his threat out loud. “Yeah, you’ve had it pretty easy, Captain. I’m gonna mop up this mess with you tonight and that painted-face freak soldier you cart around, now proudly displaying him in the front seat. Then I’ll take down Ronald Fitz forever and then I’m going home to my wife.”
But Chase Manning would not go home. Not tonight. Not ever.



Chapter 74

|OXO|

Around 7:30 p.m., they arrived by JetSki’s into a neighboring town. Frankie led Joe to a far corner booth of the Lakeside Tavern. From their positions, they could watch as other patrons entered. It was as busy as a city nightclub on a Saturday night. Customers coming and going as waitresses weaved in and out balancing serving trays on one hand.
Frankie’s mind bounced from one situation to another, recalling the events over the past week as Joe ordered them a beer and an appetizer. They would need to spare at least 20 minutes of evening light for their return trip on this longest day of the year. With minimal time, she would share the most pertinent of details. These details she had wanted to share only with him.
The waitress dropped off two frosty mugs of ice cold beer and an extra-large basket of onion rings. Joe smiled and said, “Thank you, Miss. Can you also bring our tab please?”
“I sure can. I’ll be right back with it.”
Watching as the waitress got lost in the jungle, they both took a sip from their beer. Joe started to ask a question when Frankie stopped him with the palm of her hand in the air, tipped the mug and downed half of it. Joe followed suit.
Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand like a sailor might, “I’d drink ten more of these if I didn’t have to jet back to the Resort.”
Joe winked at her, “We don’t have much time, Frankie baby, so get to the good stuff first. Start with the disk, what do you think was on it?”
She put her arms flat on the table and leaned into Joe. “I ain’t sure. I would learn days later that William Ked got killed the night before I found it. I was walking with Warden, and he snooped it out and brought it to me. Chase told me Ked’s name while we were in Maine and that he had been arrested for the boy’s murder. When Chase went to sleep that night, was when I checked the contents of the disk a little closer.”
Joe squinted his facial features, “It can’t be no coincidence then can it?”
“It don’t seem so, Joe. On my way back to the Village, I pulled over and tried to open it. The only thing it showed was; ‘Future Assets.’ It needed a password. I had no idea what else to do so I drove through the middle of the night and met with Pastor Dave. He seemed interested mostly with the symbols; the one on the front of the disk and then a different symbol on the password startup. He said he knew someone who might be able to help.”
Frankie dipped her head in a bit of shame and confessed, “So I borrowed the contact information from Pastor Dave and off I went – and now here I am – back, and with even more questions than before I left!” Frankie slightly slapped the palms of her hands on the table in frustration.
Joe placed both his hands on the top of hers. “What were you thinking? That the disk would have cleared Chase of charges if he hadn’t already walked?”
“Not really. No. More like whatever might be on the disk mighta pointed a finger at Fitz and some of his dirty deeds. And forever put him out of our misery. But now, we won’t ever know. I just hope that James Hunter, aka; James Hunter Freeman, was the right man to leave it with.”
Joe burst into a whisper with his face contorted in shock. “Chase must be reeling with the information that this man is his father! And that you brought this same man, his father, some disk not even knowing he was his father. Wow, Frankie. I mean what are the chances? It has to be divine intervention.”
In a loud whisper, “Joe, it gets crazier. Listen to this. You know Gramps plaque on Nan’s cabin wall? This James Hunter had a shorter version of those same words… on his wall.”
Joe let his mouth fall open. Still shocked herself about this, her mouth stood agape, mirroring Joe’s expression.
“What the heck is goin’ on, Frankie?”
She silenced him by placing her hand nearly in his face before he could ask more questions. “And… and – Chase showed me a picture of a little girl and an old woman that he and Sammy believe is their sister and then he started talking about a King Charles. A King Charles… who is a woman! So I’m wondering now like – is this King Charles maybe his sister or maybe just a part of his imagination?”
“What?!”
Shaking her head in agreement of how crazy it all sounded. “It’s like all these puzzle pieces that I collected over the years are being laid out in front of me. And somehow, I have to fit them all together. I tell ya what, little Joe, when I started researching things like the symbol, it led me to dark places. Places that spewed evil toxicity like a water spout.”
Frankie lifted her hand to pause the conversation as the waitress headed their way. They both took another swig of beer. She noticed how her tummy warmed to the alcohol, which was a welcomed change to the rock that had been sitting in it for the past few days.
Joe thanked the waitress as she left off the tab. He averted his eyes to the side; sure she was out of ear shot when he turned back to Frankie. “That’s a lot to take in, Frankie. Don’t worry, kiddo, we’ll get this figured out and help Chase.”
She smiled incredulously, surprised at herself even. “There’s more. I have recordings. There are people comin’ and goin’ in my garage, speaking in a foreign language, and saying weird stuff.”
“Good grief! This is not just crazy, but wicked outta control. Who recorded in your garage?”
“I did.”
Joe pulled back and hesitated. Raising his eyebrows, he asked, “Really! Things’ve gotten that bad between you ‘n Chase in such a short time you thought to do something so much as put him under surveillance?”
Frankie looked at Joe intensely and then away for a moment, searching for the right words. Taking a deep breath, she turned back and narrowed her eyes, ready for a tell-all. “It’s not the first time, Joe. All our marriage, I had this feeling like other people knew my husband, like he lives a double-life or something. I’ve never understood the feeling and almost always brushed it off as insecurity. But this woman from the restaurant the other night that approached Chase – she knew him. I knew it as soon as I saw them together in the lobby. Don’t ask me to explain how I knew it, I just did. She called him, ‘Tsar.’ Things like this have happened on other occasions. Usually, I tuck it away and accuse myself of being paranoid or jealous, but this time, I couldn’t let it go.”
Joe shook his head. “Really? Wow. You cover all this so well in your daily life. No one would ever know that you distrusted Chase in any form.”
With a soft but discouraged smile, Frankie confided. “How do you tell someone somethin’ that you yourself have no reference to understand? I mostly consider it just insecurity until of course it happens again, which it always does in some way or another.”
Frankie took a deep breath and Joe followed. Silently, they looked to one another. She could see he was doing his best to process a life time of events in the course of ten minutes. She reached for the onion rings and considered how crazy this must all sound. He was silent while she ate. She sipped her beer and wiped her mouth.
As he studied her, she wondered if he was thinking that she was crazy. “You think I’m being melodramatic dontcha, Joe?”
Joe smiled and looked around the restaurant. Frankie’s eyes followed his. She noted the loud volume, a mixture of many voices with the staff moving swiftly to keep pace.
“No, I don’t, Frankie.” With sad and sober eyes, he looked directly into hers. “There’s a dead kid nearly in your backyard, and your husband was arrested for it. He came to you two days after the murder and shared an entire four days with you before he even mentioned it...”
Joe stopped short of finishing. He picked up his beer mug and held it in front of his chin. He seemed to be carefully considering what he would say next. He tipped the beer mug. His face grimaced in disgust as he swallowed. He placed the mug down on the table with a little force.
Frankie hardened her tone, feeling that if ever there was a time, it was now. “I know you wanna protect Chase. But I believe we can only protect him if we are honest with each other. Joe, I can see it on your face. Tell me what you know so we can help him.”
His forehead pinched in tiny lines. “Okay, I guess you’re right.” He tapped the table. “When Fitz arrested Chase, he accused the old man of bein’ a pedophile.”
She felt a squeeze in her gut. “What?”
He nodded in the affirmative. “Yes. And Fitz reeked of guilt. Chase’s hatred of the man... Fitz’s constant attempts to intimidate Chase... Shheeze, it just all made sense. Fitz killed that kid, and he did it to frame Chase, maybe to make Chase look crazy or somethin’. You know, like, if Chase ever pressed charges against him. I looked it up online the night Chase was arrested. With all that happened that day, I became convinced that the mystery of their hatred was rooted in Fitz abusing Chase. Within the statute of limitations, Chase could press charges. With Chase gettin’ so brazen as he gets older… and if it’s all true, then Fitz is likely terrified of the truth coming out!”
Joe paused for a moment and looked around the restaurant. He turned back, settled his eyes on Frankie, and tilted his head with certainty.
Putting down the mug, her eyes burst with tears. The thought of Fitz harming Chase in such a manner as a child was unbearable to even imagine. Joe touched her hand and then got up from the booth.
She felt the warmth of the tears on her fingers as she wiped them away. Using a napkin, she blew her nose and then sat up straight in the booth.
Pull it together. There’s too much to do.
Frankie checked her watch as Joe returned to the table from paying the tab. They had less than an hour to head back to the Village before dark.
Standing next to their booth, he looked at her with hurt in his own eyes, “You alright babe?”
“I have to be.”
As he took his place back in the booth, he picked up his mug and encouraged her also to finish her beer. “There’s other stuff, too, Frankie. Weird stuff. My eyes have been wide open since the day Fitz arrested Chase. That other church? Well. Something is really wrong around the Village. Since you guys’ve been gone… things are happening.”
“What do you mean?”
“You ain’t been around to see it. There are dozens o’ new faces hangin’ around in different places throughout the Village. Some sit in cars at the Village store, some walkin’ around the Village. Different ones are comin’ and goin’ from the Hotel, and all of them are constantly checking their phones. And if you speak to them just to say hi, it’s as though they were caught stealing your wallet or somethin’. And just when you memorize their faces, there’s a whole new set of people tag-teaming the prior ones. It’s like a freaked-out zombie invasion. Hey! I’m tellin’ ya, something is going on and it’s as dark as hell itself. I don’t think melodramatic is how I would describe anything right now.”
Frankie thought back to her recent trip. “Out in Pennsylvania, I got a taste that whatever is happening is much bigger than just Ronald Fitz. I need your help. I think the recordings might help me to add a few more pieces to fit into my puzzle.”
“You know I’ll do whatever I can.”
“I need you to help me understand what the people’re saying in the recordings. One is speaking in German. I don’t know if you know this, but Chase speaks in German sometimes when he’s sleeping. And though it sounds much like Chase’s voice, the voice in the recordings sounds deeper than his.”
Joe raised his eyebrows with that information but remained silent as she finished.
And the other voice is in English and this – is what he says, “I choose what I die for.”
Joe’s jaw dropped again. “Frankie, you sure?”
Frankie narrowed her eyes. “Yeah. And I recognized the voice that spoke in English, but I can’t place it. Maybe you can help me?”
She could feel her cheeks flush with heat. The anxiety and fear was escalating. Speaking these truths out loud made them so much more real.
Joe’s eyes became as big as saucers. Frankie shook her head. “I know it, Joe. This is crazy, and whatever the – this is – is probably much bigger than we can handle.”
Joe tapped the table with his knuckles. “Where are the recordings now?”
“Right here, I transferred them over to my Ipod.” Frankie pulled a thick, zip-lock baggie out of her waist purse.
“Good girl.” Joe looked around the restaurant which was very busy with activity, conversation, and laughter. His eyes swept the room as though he were looking to see if they were being watched. He nodded toward the door and scooted out of the booth.
“Let’s get outta here and listen to what you have, Frankie. If it’s German, I might be able to help with the basics.”



Chapter 75

|XXX|

Tsar hopped onto the porch of the Old Orphanage. He walked over and slid the window open just right of the entry door. He pushed the confusion of Northside and the Pine Box into a safe place within his mind, now turning his focus and energy to take down the last of the System that would deny him his freedom.
That’s right Manning… it’s game time!
You started this a long time ago and tonight, I’ll finish.
The cruiser sat on the other side of the building where the old entrance was. The driveway now speckled with tall grass and small saplings. Inside the cruiser, Sylar Downs waited. He would text Tsar at 8 p.m., another fifteen minutes. Tsar needed to inspect the safe bunk first.
He flipped on his headlamp and went inside the basement, checking any potential secret entrances to the safe bunker. None. He slid open the secret door in the closet and went down to the lower level into the channels. Instead of turning to his left leading to the open channels, he turned right, where the channel ended.
He looked closely for a secret entrance. He began tapping from his right, then to the center, and ending at the left wall. He checked the ceiling. No entrance, only a thick wall of cement.
Walking up the two flights, back to the entry hall, Tsar could feel his anxiety mounting. He didn’t want to look like a fool in front of Downs.
Why hadn’t the royal witch been more specific? Why isn’t she here herself, damn it?!
Tsar spun around and faced the threshold leading to the basement once again. Images of the Stair Matrix from earlier played with his mind triggering a memory, a memory that was 20 years old…

Manning thrown to the basement floor.
Beasts pouncing on him.

Raising his hands to his face, Tsar rubbed up and down; over his eyes and forehead before rubbing his head with a fury. “Damn it! They’ve messed with my head for so long; I don’t know what’s real and what’s false.”
Sneering at his own ignorance, he chided himself. “It’s a little late to consider what’s what now.”
He pushed aside his anger and turned his attention to the right of the basement door, then to the left. He looked to the door that led upstairs.
It wouldn’t be up there, you idiot.
Tsar quickly tapped around the front two rooms, the kitchen to his right and the reception area to his left. Neither room would fit the need for a safe bunk. He walked to the back room that was adjacent to the reception area. Two walls lined with empty book shelves. He tapped around for secret entries. He found no furnishings and no closets. There were no trap doors or hidden secret entrances in the walls.
He moved back out to the entryway and poked around some more, looking in what once was a pantry – nothing again.
Frustrated with both himself and with the King, he seethed, “Why didn’t she give me specifics? Am I to read her bloody mind?”
He checked all the walls a second time. He tapped his foot in several places on the floor. Nothing. He cursed her! Every time they engaged, she painted a more and more confused picture.
Stopping his search, he turned to his left and began searching his mind instead of the room. He thought back to their conversation about the safe bunk. She had rattled off a list of commands as though he would figure it out easy enough.
So why can’t I?
In the mid-evening shade of the hardwood trees outside the library window, a shadow moved. He stopped all of his thoughts and focused. He walked closer to the window and peered out, hoping that the King had come to lead him. No one.
Looking out the window to the left and to the right, Tsar heard a slap on the exterior wall. The slap was quickly followed by another but this time on the concrete just beneath the wall and to his left.
Tsar made a swift exit. He followed the sound outside, down the stairs, and near to the back of the building where there was a screened porch. Then, he saw it…
A small figure was scurrying off into the safety of the obscure forest.
Are they baiting me? Maybe. Probably. Definitely.
Even so, he took the bait. Again.

|XXX|

Downs still sat in the cruiser waiting in the driveway. He sat only about thirty feet from the back porch where the small figure had led Tsar. Tsar looked up to see if Downs was watching. Downs showed no response or reaction as he thumbed through a newspaper.
Tsar looked at the time on his phone. Ten minutes before 8 p.m.. His time was almost up. “Damn it!”
The screened porch sat on cement footings erected about six feet out of the ground. There was lattice all around the porch except for the side he stood on. The sinking sun was shaded out from this side of the building. Not wanting to turn on his flashlight and alert Downs to his own ignorance, he squatted down and crawled on all fours underneath the porch. There was only enough light on this shaded side of the building, and under the porch, to see silhouettes of objects from a distance. He crawled in closer.
There were several old, rusty gardening tools, broken toys, and scattered leaves littering the ground. Hanging from hooks nailed to the floor joists were watering buckets and a life jacket. One life jacket. He crawled around; feeling for what might be a trapdoor. Nothing. He tapped on the concrete wall listening for a hidden entrance. Nothing. The building stretched fifty feet long on this side and there were no breather windows.
He felt as though he were wasting his time looking for something that didn’t seem to exist. He began to crawl back out when he saw it; again, but differently this time. Hanging about a third of the way in, and nearest to the concrete wall, the life jacket.
Could it be that simple?

|XXX|

Tsar stood in a concrete room and shined his mini flashlight around the safe bunk. He took a deep breath of deadened air, filled with must and perhaps even mold.
He walked about the room, taking inventory of the contents. There was a battery-powered light bulb high on the wall. To the right side of the room lay a bunkbed, an old army trunk sat at the foot of it. He walked over to a large-sized metal wardrobe closet to the left of the cot, backed up against the exterior wall. He opened the double doors. Inside were medical supplies of every kind. There were tranquilizers, antibiotics, bandages, peroxide, alcohol, and first aid ointments. He also spotted a large Ziploc freezer bag. He bounced it in his hand. He estimated about a pound of marijuana was vacuum-sealed inside. He opened the bag and took a good whiff; it smelled like German-made beer mixed with fresh cut tobacco. The lower part of the wardrobe was filled with linens, blankets, and towels. He pulled open a drawer at the very bottom which had various sizes of folded sweats, T-shirts, and warm fleece.
He put everything back in its place and closed the double doors.
In the middle of the left side of the room, a door led to a small lavatory. The lavatory was less than 4’x4’ with a toilet and small sink basin. Tsar turned on the faucet and, to his surprise, murky water poured out.
Even running water? The water must be supplied by the old well with a pump inside, but still, it would need a power source.
He stepped out of the small lavatory and noted the electrical outlets, one on each wall.
To the left of the lavatory was a closeted, medium-sized pantry with canned foods, cereal bars, powdered milk, mints, candies, and cereal. Stacked up on the floor in the pantry was enough bottled water to supply two people for months. An electric heater sat to the side of the bottled water.
The heater would also require a power source.
But where from?
This building had been closed down for decades. And to use electricity, someone would certainly note it in the form of billing. But who? Did the King set this gig up using Manning’s resources?
Tsar dropped his head and smirked. He remembered now that under Manning’s work bench was a heavy extension cord stapled to the wall. It was running into the concrete floor and going where?
Going here, that’s where. So this isn’t the King’s gig. It’s Manning’s!
Running a cord tucked underground for a few thousand feet through the woods was no simple task. And then likely, he had to do it in the darkness of night.
Tsar spoke out loud to the walls now. “How long did it take Manning to do all this? Years, a decade even? What the ….!”
Curious, he walked over, pulled out the electric heater, and plugged it in. The burners turned orange. Within seconds, Tsar smelt the burning dust from the heating elements.
Manning went to a lot of trouble to fashion a fake wall. The total area was approximately 12’x12’ in space. Likely none of the other members would notice that the wall on their end of the channels had shrunk a few yards. This chamber of the channels from the center base of the Lodge, leading to the Old Orphanage, had not been used in decades.
It’s simply brilliant!
Tsar straightened himself out quickly as though someone had just slapped his face.
I hate that I just admitted that.
He righted himself, walked over to the cement wall, and tapped it. It was about a foot thick. And there was no access to this hidden hideaway except directly under the porch.
Hidden in plain sight and using the enemies own channels. Incredible. As much as I hate myself for admitting it… it’s definitely brilliant!
Perplexed out of his senses, he continued to look around the room.
Why would the King jeopardize the safe bunk by telling me or Sylar? How does she know she can trust either of us? She hadn’t trusted Francine alone with Sylar in Maine so what changed?
Taking a deep breath, he took a moment to consider the change in him within the past forty-eight hours. Someone reset his objectives; was it the King? Was it Francine? Maybe both.
The Colonel will kill us all.
Tsar checked the trunk at the foot of the bed. Opening the heavy lid… whoa!
It was loaded with sorted weapons and ammunition – enough to take out the entire Village. Grenades, automatic rifles, hand guns, tear gas, a sniper rifle, ammunition for every type of fire arm. And; knives, a dagger, and a machete’.
Lost to this unexpected scene before him, he felt an electric shock against his leg. It was his phone vibrating to signal him of an incoming text. He took a deep breath and a moment to collect himself. Exhaling, he leaned over, unplugged the electric heater, and put it back in its place. He pulled out his phone.
His fifteen minutes were up.

|XXX|

The King was nowhere in sight.
Downs stood outside the Old Orphanage. He looked at Tsar and nodded but remained silent. Tsar led him down into the safe bunk.
From the middle of the room, Sylar looked around. With his lips tightened into a near pucker, he settled his curious eyes on Tsar. It was clear that Sylar had no idea what was going on or why he was here.
Feeling awkward and uncertain of what to do or say next, Tsar simply inquired, “Captain Downs?”
“Sir.” Sylar’s countenance was questioning.
Damn it, woman, what the hell are we doing here? Why would you share this location with anyone, me or Downs?!
Not wanting to appear at a loss himself, he played it out. “Do you know what this room is, Captain?”
Looking around and shaking his head impressively, Sylar responded, “A safe house of sorts, sir?”
Tsar let Sylar’s response hang in the air and just nodded both positively and negatively.
If the King truly considers following through with reporting Francine’s activities to the Regionals, then none of it makes sense. She wants to protect Francine, and she wants to kill Francine?
He looked at Sylar and mentally cursed the woman.
I hope you know what you’re doing you whacked out King.
A week ago, Tsar would have reported this room to the Colonel, but now everything he has ever trained and lived for – was in question.
Aware of how dumbfounded he must appear, Tsar snapped out a question hoping to cover some of his own ignorance. “Is there anything new that I should know about?”
“Yes, there’re a few things, sir. Francine and Joseph Miller are together in the next town over, searching on their phones. We’re not sure what they’re searching yet. It appears that she’s very suspicious of activity in the area and that she has involved Miller as well.”
Tsar turned away as he cursed, “Damn it!”
“She’s a tough lady, sir. Likely with Fitz killing Ked, then making a false arrest, these things, no doubt, set her in motion. Neither her nor her grandmother show any fear of Fitz. And yet he clearly has a fear of them.”
“Maybe. But neither of them have any idea just how big this is. Or that Fitz is nothing more than a weasel amongst wolves.” Tsar looked around the small room as he made a small confession to Sylar. “Some things that Francine has done over the past few days will likely make her a target so, I doubt they’ll be sharing everything with me in the course of the next few days.”
Sylar’s look became intense as his eyes seemed to squint into a question mark.
Not really sure what to do now as the King seemed to be in control; Tsar bowed his head for a moment considering his next words.
I have no choice.
For the first time since he’d met the Captain, Tsar would have to let his guard down – Francine Manning might need him to survive.
It’s why the King has brought us both to this place, isn’t it? This is bad. This is crazy.
With a partial smile, he looked back up and met Sylar’s intense eyes. Without considering the consequences further, he just let the words roll off his tongue. “Do you think if you and me would’ve met in the free world, things would be different?”
Sylar’s expression turned first to that of skepticism and then slowly a crooked smile formed as he turned away from Tsar as if he were thinking… So, you are human after all.
Sylar rubbed his hand across his face and wiped off his crooked smile. In this moment, they were not master and servant, they were equal.
“Even if I knew you in the free world, sir, I would not like you.”
Tsar chuckled in amusement considering Sylar’s response as well as the rare moment they shared. “I choose who I like, and I choose what I die for?”
Grinning, Sylar bowed his head in what seemed humility. He let out a light chuckle of his own at the uncharacteristic way that Tsar had just countered him. Yet his response and his words were steady as he replied, “Yes, sir. I choose.”
Tsar shook his head in doubt. Slaves of the Network did not choose what they died for, because they died for the cause or of old age, and for the very few that attempted it – died trying to escape. Sylar may not be blood born to the most powerful organization on earth, but he was still a slave, whether he admitted it or not.
“And what is worth dying for, Captain?” Tsar spoke as he went over and closed the wardrobe doors, then the lavatory door.
“I can’t answer that, sir.”
With a one-sided smile, Tsar replied, “A wise man, huh? Never let a man know your weakness, especially when every man in your line of sight is your enemy.”
“Yes, sir.”
Tsar needed to get moving, they both did. “You said there were a few things, what else, Captain?”
Downs shifted uneasily. “Yes, sir. It was reported at the Regional level by one with the code name, ‘King Charles,’ that he believed the sensitive Network SD card is now in the hands of a Network adversary named James Hunter. It was delivered by…,” here Sylar hesitated before finishing… “Francine Manning.”
Tsar turned away from Sylar. He could not hold back the gasp that came from his gut.
What’s she thinking? He had expected that she might… but to actually do it? Francine Manning is as good as dead now. So is Hunter Freeman.
Could he have been so wrong about the woman? The Nurse? He would’ve guessed that all that they did and fought for was for Francine. But…
Just maybe… because it is the truth. The Network would find out one way or the other that Francine was in possession of the SD card. Certainly it would be best for them to find out through one within the System then through someone else. The King would remain to be seen as loyal to the Network still. And Francine, being unskilled to open the SD card, then she could be pardoned. And if not, then this safe room is the backup. The King is either a quadruple agent or brilliant! He looked around the room… so then, the King is finishing what Chase Manning started.
Touché.
Tsar faced Downs, suddenly realizing that he spoke of the one called King Charles as though he did not know her personally. He referred to the King as a “he” and not a “she.”
So she has maintained her covert identity even with Captain Downs, hmm?
Tsar disguised his thoughts as he asked, “Anything else, Captain?”
Hesitating, Downs let his eyes sweep the safe bunk and then replied with an uncharacteristic tone. “Sir, is there something else you want me to know?”
Tsar wasn’t sure himself as to the answer as he settled for a response. “I’m certain, Captain, that you’ll figure it all out should you need to.”
Even in his nod, Downs hesitated. “Yes, sir. I will be on standby and on the ready should you require my assistance during the meeting tonight.”
Sylar climbed up the stairs and stepped through the threshold. Tsar watched as the trapdoor closed above him.
I hope you and the Nurse know what the hell you’re doing, KC!
He shook his head at the lunacy of just how deeply she and the Nurse had burrowed inside his mind. Tsar’s loyalty to the Colonel was now completely compromised. With his emotions boggled, he now had this desire to protect her, the wife of Chase Manning. And as much as he wanted his loyalty to the Colonel to be solid – it was not. And it started the moment he met a woman who called herself a King.
Tsar searched his mind hoping to find something that might bring a balance to the situation. His thoughts settled on the small shadow; the shadow that had just silently led him to the safe bunk was likely the same one in the corner of the basement under the Shelter, the wise one. No doubt, he was also the same small shadow that tapped Tsar’s direction, leading him to the Record and Files room… which connected to a Double-Locked room.
That’s it!
If Tsar could access the Double-Locked room, secure any files that might be of interest to the Colonel and to the Senator, then just maybe, he could appease them.
The room isn’t double-locked for nothing. Those in the Shelter had given him a pat-down looking for what? A key to a Double-Locked room perhaps? If so, they didn’t know where it was either. Manning must have the key, and if he does, does he even know he has it? And if this Hunter Freeman is my father, I’ll use that traitor for leverage, too.
But first, I need that key.



Chapter 76

|OXO|

Sitting at one of the many picnic tables lined up around the harbor, Joe chose one far away from others. With Frankie’s iPhone, he listened to the recordings through earbuds.
For the next twenty minutes, Joe sat listening to the voices and sounds while using his own iPhone, searching. Frankie left him to listen and research. She walked to the lakes edge, embanked with granite and topped with wide flat rock, situated for sitting. With dozens of Canadian geese roaming freely, she was careful where she walked. And while the creatures were beautiful to watch, they were nasty to follow.
She slipped off her sandals and stepped onto one of the squared-off flat rocks and sat down. She cooled and tickled the soles of her feet before letting them fully submerge into the lakes water. And while Joe listened to the strange voices, Frankie prayed as her grandmother would.
God, please show us what to do.
Frankie’s feet dangled in the water as she began to push them outward to the sides in a rhythm that folded the water beneath her. Whispers began to spill into her thoughts. The whispers in her dreams…
“You are beautiful, Francine.”
Chase had often spoken in German while he slept, yet, never had he mixed his English curled into a German accent as though his original language was German and not English.
It wasn’t Chase I was dreaming about then, it couldn’t be. Could my mind fabricate such details on its own?
Perhaps I remember the accent from listening to the voices on the recorder? Unconsciously she shook her head “no.” I couldn’t have. I didn’t listen to the voices until the next day, on the plane trip home. Nothing makes sense.
Jarred from her faraway thoughts, Joe came from behind and called out her name. She brought her feet to a halt from swirling and folding the water beneath.

|OXO|

Joe helped her to a standing position. He pursed his lips and shook his head, seemingly understanding the magnitude of the situation. Before he could speak, she pulled the pamphlets out of her purse from the Ministry in Philadelphia and handed them to him. “I just remembered these.”
Joe took the pamphlet, and they put their heads together as they leaned in to look at the cover:

Hearing the cries of the sexually
and ritually abused.
Bringing into focus
the spiritual dynamics
that stifle the psychological
process of healing.

Joe opened the inside and read the contents that were mixed within assorted pictures of art displaying people with apparent psychological struggles. Their faces grimaced with confusion:

We help to provide a deeper understanding
of the nature of ritual abuse
and the complex spiritual bondages
that accompany those
who have been subjected to this extreme type
of trauma serving the agenda
of Satan.

He looked back at her and minimizing the intensity of the moment, he winked.
She took the pamphlets from his hand and tucked them back in her purse. She twisted her head and said, “Do you think…?”
He swiped up both of her hands and with a firm grip, his softened eyes settled upon hers. His face formed a crooked and sad smile as he moved to her side and put his arm around her shoulder, “Wow. It really is a lot to take in all at once, Frankie baby.”
With a mixture of muffled laughter and tears, she simply nodded as they began the walk back to the dock where the Jet Skis were moored. Joe let go of her shoulder and took her arm. His tone reassuring as they kept moving, “Nothing happenin’ right now is a surprise to God, Frankie. Don’t forget that.”
A gentle breath reached them from the open lake. Not a breeze. Joe and Frankie turned to each other. They both felt it as they rubbed the coolness from their bare arms.
Joe whispered, “I think we just got a divine visit, Sis.”

|OXO|

Strapping on their life vests, they mounted the Jet Skis that faced the open lake. They both switched their start buttons. The sun had set but left behind a remnant that cast it’s reflection into creamsicle colors. With only a few minutes of light remaining, the water’s calm surface mirrored the sky colors above as a light summer haze hovered a few feet over the water.
Pulling away from the dock, Frankie looked to Joe who stared with determination back at her. She slowly guided her Jet Ski next to his, and with a nod of encouragement; she silently motioned for him to say what he was thinking.
“Strange, Frankie baby. I always thought this stuff was a hoax, a way for desperate people to get attention. But when it’s all laid out before us, like in that pamphlet, well, it’ll teach us not to judge.”
“Same here, little Joe.” Turning her volume down as much as she could and still be heard over the engines idling, she whispered loudly; “So whatta we do now?”
Joe looked behind them. He let his head drop for a few seconds considering. When he pulled it back up, he turned to her with a cocky grin. “We’re goin’ to a party dressed in black...”
Frankie threw him a nervous smile and shook her head in disbelief. She punched the gas headed for the open lake, their heads just beneath the haze that settled above. Joe took the lead, and running a safe distance behind him, she spun and twisted the Jet Ski weaving in the waters as she picked up speed to match his and then steadied her craft. The surface waters parted behind them creating minor waves on each side and up ahead…
The rising of a Blood Moon.



Chapter 77

|XXX|

Looking at his phone, 11:19 p.m.. Feeling fidgety, Tsar stood up and walked along the side of the Old Orphanage. He wondered if Hunter Freeman or some key to a secret room may actually save the day and maybe even Francine’s life.
I want to protect Francine but at the cost of my life’s work? What am I doing?
Tsar, geared with a mini flashlight and knife in his pocket, wore a loose choker around his neck where a headlamp dangled. He took his seat on the porch of the Old Orphanage, and letting his feet rest a few stairs down; he leaned over with his elbows resting above his knees. The temperature was still warm a few hours after sunset. Above him, the Super Blood Moon had fully risen to its place. The moon cast a fiery glow, illuminating the suspended wavy summer haze that spread out before him.
For months, the Network had planned for this occasion – but the Network of old – for centuries.
The Network elite saw this celestial event as a sign from the heavens; the final phase to begin the end. The end of life as people knew it.
His thoughts were interrupted by the bite of an insect. Tsar slapped his arm, smearing a blood-filled mosquito. He spit on his shirt and wiped off the smeared blood.
Excited over the New Age to come and the excitement over the “splashing” celestial event, were not one in the same for him. Such spiritual matters concerned the Colonel and the Senator. Tsar was only excited about his freedom. But to remain free and alive, Network duty was required.
Tsar would be present for ceremonies due to his official induction as the local Leader, but for the rest, he would remain in the back ground. Such celebrations sickened him.
So what am I doing?
Francine Manning should be in a deep sleep by now as it was approaching the midnight hour. If the King’s plan worked out, then this time tomorrow, Francine would be none the wiser.
All I have to do is keep a distance from her and her sainted grandmother.
With all that the happy couple had suffered the last week, a divorce wouldn’t be a shock to this seemingly quaint, little community. Tapping the side of his thigh, he remembered the evening’s fundamentals – to switch out teabags.
Clearing his mind of mental debris, he narrowed down what the night might bring…
The decision had already been made. There were no choices, not in the Network.
If the Colonel or the Senator doesn’t immobilize me before the night is over, then I can play out this role right here in the Village as Chase Manning by day, and Tsar by night; this is my destiny. And I will lead those who follow – into the New Age.
Dropping his head into his open hands, he scrubbed through his scalp back and forth, round and round. As he did so, he gathered all the pros and cons that were beginning to torment him and safely tucked them inside his mind, placing all of them on a shelf.



Chapter 78

|OOO|

Chase Manning remained in the protective cover of the forest for what was hours or minutes weighing his options; going home cuddling up next to his wife, toking up a pipe – or killing Ronald Fitz.
He could sense activity all throughout the area but maintained his position of cover. He had carefully considered what the next few hours would bring and how he would respond.
Stepping out into the open, he tapped his pocket; a knife and a mini flashlight. A headlamp hung around his neck. But he wouldn’t need it tonight, not with the brightness of the moon.
Passing through the wispy drifts of fog, illuminated by a burnt auburn atmosphere, Chase came to a stand at the Cross Trail. He stared down the path toward the Old Orphanage, taking in the sight of one of the safest places in his world.
No one, not even Frankie, knew of the time he’d spent there as a child, a youth, and even as a husband. Just a short time ago, he was satisfied that the safe zone was complete; a place where he could protect his wife from the threats of Ronald Fitz. And while she was safely protected, he would kill the Chief of Police.
He looked to the old building that had harbored him safely from both his mother and Fitz when he was a child. That same old building would protect his wife from Fitz and this Network.
By sunrise, Fitz would take his rightful place in hell while Frankie was securely wrapped in his arms.

|XXX|

Tsar stood to the side of the Old Orphanage. A man-sized silhouette appeared in the long stretch of path before him, standing on the Main Trail.
Manning? Maybe I won’t face the Senator tonight empty handed after all. If Manning has a key to the secret room, I’ll turn him upside down and shake loose every hair from his head until I have it.
Somewhere inside the building, Tsar heard movement. Distracting his thoughts from the silhouette at the Cross Trail, he turned and leaned his head into the building, listening.

|OOO|

Chase settled his stance inside the path with the Old Orphanage straight ahead. He’d stared long enough to see movement. He looked up the path at the old building, his eyes sweeping the area to his sides and to his front. Someone was there, or something.
He leveled his eyes back on the building and spotted what looked like the upper part of a man’s body, distorted in height, and leaning back against the porch rail. He could not see the outline of a head.
His hands began to sweat as he moved closer inside the path toward the building. Moving closer and closer, his heart pounded in his chest.
I might be scared to death of the truth, but I’m not walking away from it. Not this time.
His eyes busied back and forth, to and fro, as he continued to make his way. He strained his eyes suspecting that someone was in the shadow of the building, someone – with a head. He couldn’t confirm but he was certain someone stood in the shadow.
With about two-thirds of the path behind him, Chase kept his focus now to the outline of the upper body without a head.
It wasn’t a person at all.
The jersey...

|OOO|

With the jersey to his left, the shadow to his right, the front door opened in the middle. He watched the silhouette of a woman step onto the porch.
KC.
She dared go in my safe room, find the jersey, then use it as bait?!
The wisps of fog illuminated with the burnt auburn moonlight seemed to follow her as she moved toward him. Her arms, slightly bent at her sides, displayed a sense of alarm as she moved swiftly, yet without aggression, toward him. Coming to a halt just a step or two from him, he wouldn’t give her the satisfaction of addressing her baiting tactics with the sweatshirt. Instead, he pursed his lips into a crooked smile.
“Have you come to drag me to the Shelter and strap me down again?”
She shook her head and returned a likewise crooked smile.
“No. But I wish the situation were still that simple, Chase.”
“Simple? Maybe you could’ve been honest. Tell me who you really were from the beginning and that the painted-face freak is my twin. Damn it!”
She hung her head and shook it again. “I don’t expect you to understand, you weren’t there when they broke us. I’m sorry, Chase, but we don’t have bloody time for the confusion of identities right now. Not much of this worked out like I planned, and now I’m hard pressed from every side.” She dipped her head and corrected herself, “We are… that is.”
The uncertainty in her voice spiked a heated perspiration from his core and quickly spread. “What? Is it Frankie?” He cursed himself for letting her get out of his sight again. “Damn it, KC, tell me! Is Frankie alright?”
“No. She’s not okay if left to herself – or left to you for that matter, Chase.”
Punching the air with his fist, “Damn it, KC! I don’t even know if I can trust you anymore.”
She mimicked him by punching the air herself and used the words of his past, “I’m doing my best… Chase.”
She knew just where to hit. Thrown back twenty years, he could still see little Frankie slapping in the water. She may have drowned that day.
Chase took a deep breath and forced himself to be honest; Frankie would have drowned that day if not for KC. “You would guilt me, using my past failures as a ten year old?”
“The time for consoling has passed, Chase. This is it. I’m not sure if you can comprehend the magnitude of the forces that collectively frame the Network; both physical and spiritual.”
“What’n the hell are they planning, tell me damn it?!”
She tucked her lower lip and shook her head, “No I cannot, Chase. They’re being very cautious, even with Downs.”
Chase turned his head and spit. He had seen Tsar with Sylar, and he wasn’t surprised but hearing Downs direct involvement confirmed, infuriated him. Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, “How the hell is he involved?”
“He’s assigned to serve Tsar within the local sect.”
Can my life possibly be so out of control? In less than ten days, everything I’ve built; my business, my home, my friendships, my beautiful marriage – all of it crumbling and I’m helpless to stop it!
But KC? KC isn’t.
But can I trust her?
“Is that sonofabitchin’ Downs a threat to Frankie?”
She leaned into him and just above a whisper, “No. But he doesn’t have the skills or the resources we do to protect her. Even so, if not us, then Downs will have to do, because there is no other. When you plot against them, they hurt or kill you if you’re lucky. If not, then the people you love. It’s why Sylar left his family in New York. Serving the Network here, keeps his family safe, there.”
This revelation about Sylar Downs took him off guard, but he kept focused.
“What is it that Frankie has done that would be such a threat to them?”
“It’s not what she’s done so much as what they don’t know that she’s done, or what she may’ve discovered that could potentially be used against them. The man she went to see is not only your biological father, he is also Network. But he went AWOL. There was a contract put out on him decades ago, but it seems that he miraculously survived. And now, he’s one of their biggest threats – he actually has an anti-Network movement underground. They don’t know that he’s still alive. It’s all gonna get messy very soon.”
Hearing that his biological father had abandoned this underground movement encouraged him in spite of the moment. Lowering his guard, his desperation slipped out. “Can you help me protect Frankie? Please, KC.”
KC hooked her eyes into his. “I don’t know how this’ll turn out, Chase. But I do have some leverage we might be able to use to our advantage should Frankie’s life become sport to them.”
He hung his head. His selfishness had brought them to this place, all of them. He should’ve never come back to the Village and near Frankie. “Do you have a plan?”
“Not alone, not this time, Chase. It’s bigger than us and if they don’t take us all out at once by sunrise…” She hesitated and then pointed to the sweatshirt which lay over the rail and then turned to look directly in Chase’s eyes. “…Well then, he is designated to take executive lead. He stands the best chance.”
Throwing out his hands, in spite of his fear for Frankie, he spat out the name. “Tsar! You trust the life of my wife to a trained assassin. A murderer. That’s still your best plan, KC? You really are crazy!”
With force, she grabbed his arm. “He can meet their demands. They’ve trained him for the days ahead. My time in the free world will soon change. I’ll be but a shadow in the background once again. That’s how I best protect us, and that’s how I best protect her. Tsar will keep Francine at a distance from himself, and away from them, to ensure her protection, just as Sylar has done these past few years for his own family. It’s what they make us do. You and I cannot possibly handle the things that are coming, Chase; it’s not who we are.”
Chase snapped himself around and headed back to the Main Trail leaving KC to stare after him. He thought about Nan’s God. He wasn’t real. How could He be? And how could He expect anyone to walk away from such a beautiful life, a beautiful wife, and leave it to that of a murderer? A barbaric murderer!
Just before he hit the Main Trail, he stopped dead in his tracks, looked to the heavens and cursed such a cruel God!”
I know I can’t go home, not yet.
“Damn it!” Chase drew out a blood-curdling scream as he balled his fists with his arms at his side, forcing every muscle in his chest and arms to bulge. With all his strength and all his fury, he screamed to the heavens cursing a God that could not possibly be good. Chase punished his body for his own failures, screaming with all his might, once again tearing at the flesh in his lungs. He screamed until he was spent. He dropped to the ground on both knees when he felt it…
The earth beneath began to rumble.

|XXX|

Before he heard it, he felt it; a rush and then a vibration under his feet coming deep from the bowels of the earth, followed by a distant and rising hum in its wake. The sound level steadily rising as it passed the earth’s surface and shot towards the heavens.
The sound intensified, crushing out the natural sounds of movement all around him. Tsar willed his hands to move to his ears for protection, but the dual forces of gravity and space both grounded and stretched him from head to toe. The forces elongating him into a perfect upright and painful stretched position with his arms firmly forced to his sides.
The screeching momentum continued to mount as giant creatures from every side were exalted from their place in the abyss, rising to and then above the surface. In the distance, Tsar could see their glistening and shimmering-black, scaly silhouettes beneath the illumination of the Blood Moon. There were hundreds and maybe thousands of the vile creatures. Assembling in a circular fashion, they suspended midair, flapping multiple wings on each side. Their locust-like volumes rose to unbearable levels in mad celebration of the astrophysical event and the initiation of the rising of the One World Order.
Paralyzed in subservience to the transcendent crusade assembling above him, words began to whisper and taunt his mind. The whispers steadily rose in volume, reaching the level of a billion screeching locusts. The locust-like volumes now screamed at him in a celestial language, words that no humans could ever speak. Rising and rising and rising. The blasting uproar was now unbearable. Tsar stepped outside of himself.
And then he heard it…
One word. One name above all names, chanted over and over and over…
E.N.O.K.K.I.M

|XXX|

Detached and floating outside his own body, he watched as his face contorted and grimaced in excruciating pain. The oppressing forces stood him straight, like a freak-stretched super soldier. His lips twitched trying to form words, words to beg for mercy. But no mercy would come, not without submission.
He watched from above as his own form began to suffocate from the elongated position. The oppressive forces were consuming the air below and above. Tsar turned to the assembly overhead, and with the voice of a small child, he whispered the name of his salvation...
EnokKim.

|XXX|

In a millennium, in a second – the excruciating shrieks stopped. And like a force field dropping, Tsar was released from the crushing invisible pressure. Breathing rapidly with his heart slamming in his chest, he allowed himself to pant for a moment. He lowered his heart beat to a normal rhythm before he looked back up into the first heaven. He couldn’t see them, but he knew – they were still there.
Here.
And they were here to stay. He shook his head in awe of the frightening and stimulating moment.
With his breathing beginning to level, he collapsed to one knee and supporting himself with fists to the ground, he let his forehead fall forward slightly. Tsar exhaled in disbelief at the phenomenal experience – an experience which belonged to the Colonel and not to him.
Returning to his surroundings in the physical world, the natural sounds all about him reemerged. But there was something different – a coalescing evil.
His entire body heated with a foreign presence.
EnokKim?
Yes. Yes! EnokKim was not only there – IT was within.
Master of the System.

|OOO|

Chase headed out in a dead-run back to his house, feeling a surge of energy that was ominous, heavy – suffocating. He needed to get to his wife and protect her. He wasn’t sure about ghosts, demons, or a God, but something supernatural had just happened and not the good kind.
He had rounded the Main Trail when someone T-boned him from the side, sending him midair and slamming him into a ditch. Before he could right himself, someone rolled him flat on his back and was on top of him with lightning speed. They placed their arm long-side, parallel to his shoulders and applied pressure from their elbow to his windpipe.
In a panting, raspy voice, “Chase, what ‘n the bloody hell’re you doing?! Haven’t you heard anything I said? Don’t you know what just happened? There’s no turning back. You can’t protect her, not from this!”
She let him push her off. Standing to brush the debris from the back of his pants, he screamed at her. “Yes, I can. What do you think I been working on my whole freaked-out life?!”
She blew out a chest-full of air or maybe it was fear. “Chase, we know about the safe room and how you’ve worked on it for years, stock-piling and preparing. But you can’t just go get your wife out of a sound sleep from her bedroom and drag her to a man-made cave and keep her there for the rest of her life. She’s not Mrs. Pumpkin Eater!”
Chase threw out his hands, “I know that! Stop telling me what to do damn it, KC. I can handle this, and I can protect my wife. You tell me that I’m a worthless coward like Pap always did, but nobody can protect my wife like I can. Nobody!”
Chase thought about the headless silhouette thrown over the rail. “So Tsar won the damn game. Who cares? This is life, not some stupid football game!”
She glared at him and said nothing. Chase stared back at her for an uncomfortable amount of time. He stood there breathless, filled with raw anger, confusion, and mostly with fear for this indescribable, ominous feeling that had just doused his world.
Wanting her to shift her steely eyes away, he dropped his head to the ground and lowered his voice. “It’s a temporary safe zone. It’s not forever so cut the damn power play.”
Her nose scrunched up in disgust, she snarled before turning away from him. Chase watched as she walked about twenty feet away, headed back toward the Cross Trail. She wasn’t done yet, and he knew it. He waited and nearly on cue, she spun on her heels back toward him, pulling something from her back pocket as she spun.

|OOO|

Under the fiery glow of the moon, a silvery object flashed as it whipped directly toward him. With a sudden move of his right hand, palm first, Chase stopped it midair, clenching his fingers around it. He knew what it was before he opened his fist.
A knife.
Before his mind could form a question, she moved swiftly getting right up in his face.
“Let’s do this the hard way. But remember, you brought this on yourself!”
She watched as he opened his hand and looked at the knife. Together, they both looked from the knife then to one another. KC set her jaw and drilled her eyes into his. Chase weakened within. She turned from him once again and headed for the Cross Trail. She jogged a few feet, turned back, and like an arrow – she let the words fly over her shoulder…

“Thrown away but not forgotten.”

Without warning, Chase’s lower body swayed backward in slow motion upon hearing those words. Just as he lost all balance and was to fall backwards to the ground, something outside of his reach pulled him upward as KC drifted out of view.
He began to ascend. Hovering a short distance above, he watched as his body detached and hit the ground in a fetus position. After seconds or minutes, his human form moved to a sitting position and looked down to the clenched hand that now held the knife. His knife. A knife that he’d carried as a heavy burden for a decade. A burden, he’d never fully understood.
Chase was completely aware of his surroundings despite his out-of-body state. The fear, like he’d not known since those days on the island so long ago, reemerged.
He screamed to his form below. “Noooo! Don’t open it. Don’t open it!” But no words sounded. And from his state of stasis, he watched as the hand below – flicked open the knife.

Jagged Island Fall of 1997:

The smell of death swung in the air. Chanting reached the volume of a light roar from below, sounding, “Kill..... Kill..... Kill,” all in one steady rhythm.
In a dizzying motion, something very large swayed before his eyes like a pendulum. His eyes heavy and his body weakened, he wanted to sleep. Or die. It didn’t matter which, just as long as he didn’t have to move, because he couldn’t.
The roar from below quieted in between chants. A voice behind him whispered loudly in his ear while fingers jabbed deep into his back.
“Kill, or be killed, Manning. Your choice.”
Barely able to stand, Chase heard the blood curdling screams from below as others shrieked even louder; “Kill..... Kill..... Kill!”
With the intensity of the chanting and the shrieking, the one behind him moved in even closer. His voice repeated, “Kill or be killed. What’s it gonna be? You brought us here, Manning. You did this.”
How had he brought them to this? And what was this?
Chase lowered his eyes, now able to see the narrow plank where they stood. He forced his eyes to focus in on what it was that swayed before them. The heaviness in his eyes lifted. That which swayed before them was a human pendulum!
The boy. Oh, God, it was the boy!
Coming to his senses at the horror he’d been forced to participate in, and the madness within these walls, Chase wanted to turn and run for safety. He would be next!
But the one behind him pressed in harder, inching him closer and closer to the swinging flesh. Chase looked over the side of the plank. Below them lay a blanket of hay with gleaming metal points speckled about. If Chase struggled much more, they would both fall.
Again, the one behind him repeated, “Kill or be killed. What’s it gonna be?”
“I can’t. Please don’t make me. Please.” He sobbed through exhaustion and spoke in desperation. “Why’s it have to be like this? Why’re they doing this to us?”
Balancing, the one behind him inched them both so close, they were teetering on the edge. Chase watched as a right hand floated upwards. And within, was an open pocket knife.
The knife now in Chase’s own hand, he heard a mocking sneer, “Easy now, Manning, don’t drop it. If you do… then we drop, too.”
Chase now held the knife with both hands if only to stall a little longer. He looked at the boy swaying in front of him. He couldn’t do it. He just couldn’t. He dropped his head sobbing in confession. “I can’t do it.”
“Every one of us here will die if you don’t. Look down and see their faces. Better for one to die than all of us.” Pointing at the boy swaying, “Look at him. The boy’s a terrorist, a suicide bomber. It was a test. You failed. You made us all fail. Now here I stand with you, the final test, swaying before us. It’s up to you, Manning. Kill or be killed?”
With his head bowed still, he let his eyes look up at the boy who swayed before them. From head to toe, the kid had been brutalized. Gray flesh spotted with the color of torture. Mangled flesh. His lips were swollen and his eyes swelled tight. His mouth stretched wide open with missing and chipped teeth. Gashes as wide as an inch crossed his chest and his face marred beyond recognition.
He wasn’t dead. He was still breathing, barely. The boy looked at Chase through his swollen and dying eyes. He wanted it to end. He wanted to die, and with all that he had left, he pleaded for Chase to end it. Chase could see it in the boy’s eyes and watched as he moved his lips, begging him to do it.
For a brief moment, Chase set fear aside. He wondered himself if it weren’t better for all of them to die. Better to be dead, than to live with such insanity.
Both hands were forced high above them and stretched far enough out to slice the cord. “Come on, Manning. You start and I’ll finish.”
“I can’t do it. I can’t!”
The tone of mockery gone now, the one behind him spoke with seriousness, “We have to do this. You know why. Even a world away, they’ll find her and do to her what’s been done to this boy. You know they will. Let’s do this. Let’s protect the girl...”
Chase whimpered as the powerful force behind him slashed the rope, and the weight of the boy dropped like dead weight to the floor of spikes below.
The chanting stopped.

|XXX|

Tsar stood in the shadows, invigorated by the powerful energy that now flowed through him. Manning was near. Tsar could hear the whispers and feel the movement. Images of the kid that swung before them like a pendulum so many years ago came to mind. That bloodlust to kill began to rise up within him as he recalled how he had forced Manning to participate in the ritual killing. 
The System had rules; he couldn’t kill Manning or the King, but he could sacrifice something in their place. Vile and unspeakable images were fed into his mind, gruesome and bloody images that both sickened and stimulated him.
And the King was with him… with Manning. If he had any trust before, he didn’t now. She was on Manning’s side. He couldn’t kill them, but he could torture them. 
Tsar began to step from the shadows when a hissing growl stopped him and commanded, “Yield!”

|OOO|

A fizzing snarl sounded where the chanting ended. Wisps of icy breath curled around his throat, to the back of his neck, and then breezed down his spine.
The boy! So it wasn’t a dream then?
A wicked energy brought Chase back to a present state of mind. He now stood half way between home and the Old Orphanage looking for KC.
He didn’t see her, and he couldn’t see them, but they were there; watching, following, or maybe even leading him back to the Old Orphanage.
He rounded the corner to the building, and there she crouched, searching the shades of darkened forest. She turned back to the trail and spotted him. She threw the side of her head upward toward the bloodish-darkened sky. Following her lead, Chase looked up – where the fizzing sounds came from. Suspended in the sky above, the sound of only one powerful creature snarled. Yet, the force of just that one, magnified exponentially with dozens or thousands of more unseen creatures, lightly echoing the ominous sound.
Back and forth, twist and turn, and back and forth again. He turned to his left, to his right, and spun around. He could see them now. Everywhere! Giant in stature with shimmery black coating, the creatures gently flapped their endless count of wings, perfectly suspending them in the air. The movement of their black-oiled wings revealed rock-like freckles all throughout their demonic bodies. Eyes; thousands and… millions of them!
Chase let his head fall back and showed the palms of his hands. The moon, so close and so possessed, beckoned him to partake of the evil revelries of the bloody celestial event. Staring so long into the lesser light of the world, he could feel his body absorb the filthy outpouring of evil.
Sickening images flashed in his mind with his own body responding. Foulness consumed him now, a possession. And with the possession, the sensation of strength and power like he’d never felt before. He inhaled slowly and deeply savored the infinity. Exhaling, he blew out slowly as energized power coursed through his veins. He wanted to experience every filthy image that just flashed through his mind. He looked all about his surroundings.
Where do I start?
In his mind, he could see the entry of the Phoenix Hotel.
Yes. I’ll find the Butterfly woman.
And then, a gentle breeze…

|OOO|

The breeze circled his face like a small fairy and in a whisper without words…

Our struggle is not against flesh and blood
but against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.

Panic struck him!
What is happening?
Chase began to breathe out, out, out… He looked for KC.
Crouched to the side of the building, she stood watching him, waiting. He looked from KC, to the bloodish-darkened skies, then back to KC. He continued to breathe out, out, out… His head felt dizzy with drunkenness.
KC lifted herself up and stood tall now, likely sensing his weakness. She looked from Chase to the creatures above, and then lowered her head, settling her eyes once again upon Chase.
She was ready to challenge them! He could see it in the way she held herself. Chase moved closer and watched as she let her head fall back and opened her arms wide in defiance. Everything seemed to stop for a second or maybe, for an eternity.
She turned and dashed toward him, raw anger etched upon her face.
Reaching him, she snapped up his hand swiftly, gripping it as hard as any man could. “Listen to me now, Chase. Tsar is not your enemy and you are not his. They only make you think that.” She thrust her free hand into the open air, where the million eyes of evil stalked them. She screamed, “They are. They’re the bloody enemy!”
As he heard it – he knew it.
The vile and repugnant images that had just flashed in his mind, the sickening creatures stalking from above, they were all were connected to that bloody memory of the Island and the real forces behind it.
God help us. What have we done?

|OOO|

Chase stood now at the foot of the stairs of the Old Orphanage. He moved forward to the first step. One by one he climbed up the stairs, coming to a stop on the porch. He turned and looked back to the trail as far as his eyes could see; out to the open path and beyond, deep into the darkness.
Bowing his head, Chase clamped his eyes shut and pleaded in a whisper, “God, please help me.” He kept his eyes clamped tight, repeating his plea over and over again until he felt the oppression lift.
Taking a deep breath, he slowly opened his eyes as the creatures to his left and to his right faded away from his sight, like magic.
Looking carefully around the full perimeter, he felt safe now. As he reached over to the railing and slid the jersey off the rail, he wondered...
Who am I? Who are we?
He held the sweatshirt out by the shoulders.
This is not my jersey. It never was and I’ve always known it.
Partially in control of his movements, he felt the jersey slipping down over his head. His arms filled the sleeves, and his hands tugged it down around his waist. The weight of the jersey felt more like a metal shield.
Without forethought, he walked to the front door and moved into view of the darkened glass with the auburn-lit full moon reflecting his image in the background. The mirrored image stared back. His image, but with Tsar’s reflection and wearing… Tsar’s jersey.

|OOO|

The jersey boasted the numbers 77, his helmet in place. Eyes beamed with anticipation and promise that the battle on the playing field would be their victory.
The first quarter, Chase had thrown a connecting pass to the receiver for a touchdown. They started the second quarter 7-0. By half-time, the other team had turned it around, 17-7.
Pap was humiliated when he pulled Chase out of the locker room during half-time and led him down the hall to the schools latrine.
After a verbal beating, Pap left him all alone. Chase removed his helmet and his jersey. He looked in the mirror and thought to smash his head into it. He hated Pap. He hated his life. He hated losing. He hated humiliation. He hated the reflection of the one in the mirror.
The two minute call sounded for the second half to begin. A part of Chase wanted to get back in the game and win. Another part of him wanted to run from the latrine, the locker room, the stadium, as though he had a choice.
He didn’t.
He pressed ahead with his jersey in one hand and his helmet in the other. He would go back to the game. He was captain. The team was counting on him. He took some relief knowing that no one on the team had heard the humiliation Pap had spewed upon him. He reached for the door handle, when behind him a stall door opened. Chase let his hand drop, and turned around.
Out walked a young man, similar in every way to him, only stronger and with a painted face. Chase didn’t have to look any closer to know who it was. Stunned, he fell back into the wall.
Tsar?
But how could it be? Tsar was in 24/7 lockdown at the Detention Center.
Unable to speak, his knees began to quiver and his palms dampened with sweat. The painted-face man stood in complete confidence, dressed like a soldier and ready for war. There were no security guards with Tsar, he was free.
Who had set him free? Why?
Chase stood there, a speechless coward.
Tsar made his first move towards him. He held out his hand, and with the voice of a commander, he spoke.
“Give me the helmet. I can win this game.”
Chase had searched the man, searched his body language for clues as to his motive. For four years, Chase had slept in fear that Tsar, the boy, would kill him in his sleep. Now as a man, Tsar stood there. He had noticeably spent years building his strength. His arms and chest bulged with muscle. With a firm, deep voice… he was asking?
The blaring sound of the one minute buzzer made Chase jump while Tsar hastily pulled off his military garb. Fully prepared for the field, other than the jersey and helmet, Tsar’s voice screamed the command to be heard over the loud buzzer.
“Give me the helmet. I can win this game!”
His expression as commanding as his physical presence, intimidating, also conveyed strong assurance that he actually could win this game. Chase questioned what Tsar could know about football. He’d been a prisoner all his life.
He wondered why the man didn’t simply take what he wanted. Instead, Tsar stood there and insisted with a look of determination. Chase wasn’t sure why he did what he did next, perhaps it was fear, or maybe because he sensed that Tsar could do as he promised. Maybe both.
Chase looked to the jersey and then tossed it.
Tsar swiped the jersey midair. Chase took one more look at the man and then surrendered his helmet by laying it down on the floor. Tsar pulled on the jersey and swooped up the helmet on his way out the door, never looking back.
From the football field, Chase watched as one of the people he feared most in life, took his place in a championship game, despite the insane world that they lived in.
From the background between plays, Chase observed both Janice and Pap from the distance. He hated them both.
Chase watched as Tsar steered the team. Each time the team performed well, Chase glanced at Pap and then turned his attention back to Tsar. He studied them, back and forth, from Tsar to Pap, and from Pap to Tsar.
Pap was pleased with Tsar.
Pap hated Chase.
Tsar did what he promised. He led the team to win the championship. Janice seemed unfazed, but Pap hollered and hooted with pride.
Chase looked on as his teammates saluted Tsar. Each one held their helmets in their hands in a high salute, before placing the helmets over their hearts. And then in a rush they charged him, picking Tsar up in wild celebration of their victory.
Chase watched Pap as Pap looked on. Pap was the one.
Pap had set Tsar free.

|OOO|

Chase pulled himself from the self-induced abreaction. When he turned, he found KC waiting at ground level, watching him. She had triggered these old memories with those words…

“Thrown away but not forgotten.”

Those words were like a key to his memories, unlocking secrets that someone had locked and then hidden inside his mind.
KC? How is it that someone so damaged, so controlled, had maintained her sanity and with such a distinct identity?
Chase could hear the Nurse’s words…

…one woman showed us kindness. She loved us without prejudice.
Her love gave us hope…

Nan’s love had reached through him and all the way inside the Shelter.
One woman’s love.
He tugged at the waistband of the jersey and pulled it down at his sides before walking down the steps toward KC.
Chase looked to the sky and silently cursed the dark heavens above before he moved in KC’s direction. He had suppressed his own truth for too long, while KC had to deal with her own truth every day. Tsar, ravaged like an animal, had been stripped to nothing and built up to be the animal they programmed him to be, to serve them. Likely the only human moment he ever had – was that game.
KC was right. Chase did not possess the skills, strength, or the resources to protect his wife. Whatever secrets were locked away in some Double-Locked room, would not make everything right.
What am I going to do? Confine my wife like they did Tsar for two decades? Oh, God, what am I thinking?
As he came to stand before KC, she closed the last few steps between them. As she drew closer, he could see that her features had softened. She slipped her arm into his, and then reaching up, she kissed his cheek. Whispering, she told him, “Tsar is not our enemy. He doesn’t know that yet, but he will. I promise.”
He turned toward her and half smiled, both their eyes wet with tears. He nodded lightly in surrender.
She tightened her lips and appeared both relieved and regretful. Leaning her head into his shoulder, she whispered. “I’ll see you on the inside, Chase.” They stared at each other for a moment, for a life time, each wiping the others tears.
She pulled her arm from his and walked away from him with her head lightly bowed. As KC passed the Old Orphanage, the fog split then folded in her wake like the parting of the Red Sea. She slipped off into the darkness beneath the fading roseate light of the moon.
Chase knew that his mind was different than most. He still wasn’t sure if KC was the little girl from the picture, but he was sure that she protected him and all those in the Shelter like a fierce, big sister. She would protect Frankie with her life, just as she’d promised Nan so long ago.
Again, Chase looked back into the darkened forest, up and down the path, as he thrust his arms up into the heavens. Nothing changed but everything changed. No longer did the moon shine a bloody glow of horror. Instead, Chase could see the beauty of true Craftsmanship, a magnificent celestial display.
The grip of evil that had oppressed him earlier repulsed him now, and he renounced it. He stood half way between the Main Trail and the Old Orphanage. He looked up to the heavens once again. They were still there, the fallen ones, but their power over him had weakened considerably.
This God of Nan’s, He is true. His authority would reign forever and ever.
Chase could almost hear Nan’s voice as she prayed against the presence of their adversaries…

“May He strike the eyes of the enemy with blindness!”

His eyes were wet with tears once again, but this time not with regret, but with love for his wife, for Nan, for Joe, and for Cody.
Wiping his tears with the sleeve of the jersey, he was startled by a familiar voice… a voice from another lifetime.
“Chasee, der is a stohm.”

|OOO|

Looking down at the little guy next to him, Chase quickly sorted things in his mind and put everything in its place. Settled and satisfied with his decision, he took off the jersey. Tossing it over his shoulder, he said, “Hey, little Buddy, you’re all grown up, huh?”
Chase sniffled back the last of his tears. He and Buddy both chuckled at Chase’s teasing. Buddy stood less than four feet tall, still. He ruffled the boy’s hair before letting his hand fall to his shoulder. “You doin’ okay?”
“I’m good, Chasee. I missed yew a lot. We should go inside now, it’s gonna stohm out.”
In the distance, the thunder of hell rolled, and the sky flashed with a malevolent energy. Indeed there was a storm raging in the heavens, a battle as old as time itself, but not a battle to be seen with human eyes.
Buddy reached up and put his hand in one of Chase’s belt loops and tugged him toward the Old Shelter.
“You ready now, Chasee? Come see Diamon’.”
Chase patted him on the head without answering. Beginning to put the Shelter pieces in place, he remembered the Baby.
Baby Diamond.
The sounds of the Shelter echoed… Know the times.
KC had kept them all alive when they were young, she was a survivor. Tsar was a winner, and also a survivor. If Frankie’s life depended upon Chase alone, she may not survive.
Looking at his phone, Chase confessed. “It’s time.” He looked up once again into the heavens and whispered out loud. “This is it.”
Tears began to spill from his eyes and pour down his cheeks for all that he would leave behind.
Pulling up Frankie’s number on his phone, he tapped out the message:

I love you

He dropped to one knee and bowed his head. “Jesus, forgive me for all the terrible things I’ve done. Protect my wife and be with her all the days of her life. You are the Alpha and the Omega.”
Chase, with a resolute and rather sad smile, sighed at the simplicity of faith, faith that Nan had shared with him for as long as he could remember.
He stood up, wiping the tears from his face and let go of the pain in his heart. He turned to his little friend. “Hey, Buddy, you go on back to the Shelter. I’ll meet you on the inside. I have one more thing to do.”
Buddy took Chase by the hand and wiggled it. He looked down, deep inside the boy’s magnificent eyes… unworldly and angelic eyes. Chase ruffled his hair as the boy spun away.
In the distance, Chase could see him. Now, about thirty yards out. Tsar stood to the right of the Old Orphanage, tucked just inside the darkness.

|XXX|

The evil energy that had overwhelmed him just moments ago had departed. Tsar now felt a sense of isolation, vulnerability, and release, all at the same time. The vulgar images of earlier formed a twisted knot in his stomach.
But if EnokKim was not within, IT was near.

|OOO|

He watched as Tsar stood there, not advancing – not retreating. He held his place.
Chase looked up into the heavens. The Blood Moon now disintegrated, lifting its dull orange into a beautiful and bright light in the sky. The Super Moon shone so bright, that even the frame of dead leaves scattered upon the ground could be seen. Small wisps of clouds floated beneath the moon.
There is a constant battle in the heavens for the souls of mankind. One side battles for hate, the other… battles for love. Fashioned in His image, He is the One Who created us all. He also created the greater light of the day, and the lesser light of the evening. He is the Maker of evil minions and the Maker of angels...
Angels, like Buddy.
He looked from the heavens, back to the path before him. In the shadows, there was Buddy, shuffling off to the side of the building.
He knew now what he had to do.
Chase pulled out his pocket knife. He hated this knife, and he hated all the bondage that came with it.

|XXX|

Tsar noticed a small figure off to the side, scooting alongside the path just behind Manning. With the shaded trees darkening part of the path, Tsar could see the figure bob in and out of the darkened shadows and moonlight. But Tsar kept his sights on Manning, who brazenly walked in plain sight under the intense moon light.
Manning stopped and reached inside his pocket.
A gun?
Tsar braced himself to maneuver. But Manning looked, not at Tsar, but to his own hand, studying what he held.

|OOO|

Chase looked at it one last time then heaved the life-long burden into the woods. It landed with a light thud.
He reached back in his pocket for his phone and looked down at the text message still tapped out;

I love you.

Chase hit send.
It’s over.
No.
It has just begun.

|XXX|

Tsar sucked in his breath.
The key!
Reeling from the unexpected action, he turned his attention toward the area where Manning had chucked the object, far to Tsar’s left. To find it in the dark woods and with the rendezvous taking place in just over an hour, would be like finding a needle in a haystack.
Damn it!
But it landed with a thud. Maybe it wasn’t a key at all.
Manning walked the last few yards alone, headed straight for Tsar.
Step by step, Tsar moved closer to the stairs preparing for their final confrontation.
This is my time Manning. The entire System confirms it. I’ve waited for this moment all my life, to take your life… this is my ultimate vengeance.
Tsar came to a halt just a few feet from the stairs.
Manning pulled the jersey from his shoulder.
Tsar could kill him just for touching it, and now – he has fully embodied it!
Tsar struggled to stay in the moment as his mind moved of its own accord in varying directions shuffling around images of the past few minutes; Manning, King Charles, the small Shadow, and… EnokKim.
EnokKim?
IT had departed even faster than IT had arrived, making a magnificent entrance but leaving a cowards exit.
Why?
Tsar forced his attention back to Manning, pushing all the confusion back into its place. Manning stood clearly in the open now with his feet slightly parted and his hands extended at his sides.
Manning can make his move. But Manning will lose.

|OOO|

Chase kept his eyes fixed on Tsar as he slowly moved forward. Chase was careful to show no hostility as he closed the distance between them.
Tsar had planted himself next to the entry. He had fought all his life to survive, but Chase would not make Tsar fight for this. This battle between them… this battle was over.
Chase barely glanced to his right as he passed by Tsar who made no move toward him. Chase walked up the first stair, the second stair. He tossed the jersey over the rail. He drew in a long breath and then turned to look directly at Tsar.
Tsar stood in battle stance as he drilled his eyes into Chase’s.
Softly, Chase whispered. “I know who you are.”
Chase held his eyes steady as he slowly bowed his head. He raised his right fist and then pulling it into his chest; he held his fist over his heart.
One thousand one. One thousand two. One thousand three.
Without waiting for a response, Chase turned toward the front door of the Old Orphanage. He stepped up the final stair and onto the porch. He looked into the image of the glass pane window one last time – and for the first time in his life – without hatred.
No longer did he see Tsar as his evil rival. Instead, he saw Tsar as a survivor, an unwitting hero of the entire Shelter. Leaning over into the mirror image of himself – he breathed on it, steaming it with his breath. With his index finger, he shaped the letters…

L U C I A N

As he finished the last letter, he looked closely at the hand before him. He pulled his other hand up and held them both to see. He turned them back and forth, back and forth.
These are our hands.
Chase Manning opened the door of the Old Shelter and stepped inside…



Chapter 79

|XXX|

Manning laid the jersey over the stair rail and entered the Shelter of his own free will.
That’s it? That’s it!
Tsar stood, staring at the closed door. Chase, like Northside, had paid tribute from his… heart.
What? I am ready for the battle of my life and this is it!
Tsar looked past the fool with the mouth wide open that stared back at him. He studied each letter of the name that Chase Manning had spelled out…

L U C I A N

How would Manning know I was the kid in the Box? Damn! Was I? I don’t even know, damn it! And if I was, then was Manning the kid crouched beside the box? Who the hell are we?!
Time passed. Tsar wasn’t sure how much.
A passing reflection in the window pane caught his attention. He felt a sense of stasis as he watched a small Shadow move to the area where Manning had just chucked something. The Shadow scurried back to the left side of the building. He noticed it was the same small Shadow that had accompanied Manning earlier.
Tsar looked to his left, the small Shadow faded, vanishing into the floating mist. The sight would make him crazy if he let it. He shook it off and turned back to the railing where the jersey lay. He slid it off the rail. Then he shook it at the shoulders as though Chase Manning were still inside.
“Damn it! I want some answers. Tell me what the hell just happened?!”
He turned the sweatshirt around, and on the back there was no longer a name, only the numbers 77. KC must’ve removed the name. Kicking and cursing, Tsar shoved his arms in the sleeves of the jersey and pulled it over his head. The weight of it puzzled him but not as much as the moment. He looked once again to the image staring back at him in the glass pane. Confusion lined so deeply in his face, he was baffled by his own reflection. He wanted to smash the reflection, something… anything!
Urgency overtook his confusion.
I’m running out of time, and I still need access to that room. I need to gain some leverage with the Colonel and the Senator.
He looked at his watch; 11:40 p.m..
There isn’t time. Damn it! I don’t have time to figure this out right now.
He headed for the safe bunk feeling dizzy over the events. The King had been all about this Village and even Manning’s house sucking up to him and – it worked? Considering more and more what just happened…
It actually worked!
Heading around the backside of the Old Orphanage, he shook his head at how he had completely underestimated Northside since his arrival. And now he was beginning to second guess his skill set altogether. Manning did not just surrender the moment – he surrendered his entire existence!
Tsar’s adrenaline pumping, replaced some of the frustration of missing out on the fight of his life! He blew out air from his lungs hoping to bring his mind and body to a balance.
They pulled it off!
At first he’d been under the assumption that there was no life at all on Northside. Then to find out first hand that not only was there life, but they were strong, brave, and selfless in their objective. Two women, a boy, and a lot of broken little kids, that took their Matrix duties as serious as any soldier would and with one goal – to protect one another.
Noble.
Crawling underneath the back porch of the building, Tsar made his way to the trapdoor. Pulling it open, he dropped down in. To his surprise, the King was there buried under black and gray clothing.
His phone vibrated. He slid it from his pocket, and before he could protest she slipped it from his hand.
With a sorrowful expression, she tilted her head and said, “Welcome to the other side, soldier.”
Before he could respond, she connected the call and simply greeted the caller. “Yes.”
And while she was on the phone, he stood in awe of her audacity and, every amazing thing about her. She’d gotten him where he needed to be and was emotional over how it came to be. He was officially a free man.
I hate her. I love her. I hate her!
He watched as her countenance increasingly soured. Her mouth had fallen open as she disconnected the call and slid the phone back in his pocket. He opened his mouth to ask what happened, but she just shook her head slowly in confusion. Or was that a look of defeat?
Seeing her openly display such emotion, he felt a shift himself. The King experienced emotion on a level that he would likely never understand. He had been trained to separate emotion to survive. Emotion made a man weak.
But why wasn’t she trained the same way? She’s as Network as they come.
Somehow she had managed to salvage parts of herself in spite of her position. She was one of the best in her field, and yet, everything she did was to benefit Francine Manning and those broken little kids inside the Shelter.
We are System. We are similar.
We are different. As different as north is to south.
Feeling as though he would pollute the air should he open his mouth to speak, it had to be done. He needed to know if she knew how to access that Double-Locked room, and also where that small Shadow disappeared to.
The sound of the Nurse’s voice echoing inside the Shelter rang inside his mind…, “Buddy take the field.“
The kid’s name is Buddy. That’s it. He can get me in! He’d been with Manning earlier and then slipped around the side of the building. He’s the same kid that stood in the corner of the basement, the one at the bottom of the Stair Matrix.
Hoping to ask where he could find the kid, she shook him off without a word, and before he knew it – the King was gone.
He stood there speechless in her wake as the port hole closed above him.
How did you know Manning would surrender? Where’s that kid Buddy, can he get me in that room? I hope you know what you’re doing. Reporting Francine to the Regionals might not work the way you plan, and just what the hell are you planning?
These questions would remain unanswered. The King had left the building.
Her mission accomplished…
Or was it?

|XXX|

Leaving Manning’s underground safe bunk, Tsar walked around the building and up the stairs to the Old Orphanage. He slid the headband in place and clicked on his headlamp. He also pulled out the thin flashlight and kept it at the ready.
Stepping inside, he walked to the basement door and pulled it open. He’d hoped that the kid, Buddy, might be roaming the channels.
He took the first step down. The memory of how the Northside Matrix took their places as they assembled their stairs ran through his mind. Each one, like the players from the game, had paid homage to him as he’d descended into the basement. Just like the Nurse and the King.
Like Manning just did!
Why? Together with their history, knowledge, and loyalty to one another, they stood the chance to take Southside down. They were a systematic, powerful team.
Realizing he’d slowed his momentum with the memory of the Matrix, he sped up his stride. He still needed time to check on Francine to be certain that she was sedated and would not interfere. He checked his watch; 11:46 p.m.. If there were no used teabags in the garbage, he would have to inject her. The last thing he needed was for her or her grandmother to make waves. Not tonight.
He flashed the light around the basement, bouncing it from the walls, to the floor, and to the corners. No one. No life. He pulled open the latches leading to the channels and flashed his light around inside, hoping to see a… Shadow.
Nothing.
He needed to utilize every second, or he’d be late to the ceremonies. The consequences of that could prove fatal.
For now, Francine Manning had to be sedated, or things could get very complicated. And ceremonies were to begin at 1 a.m.. The King had gotten them this far. Tsar hoped she would come through one more time before it was too late and get him access to the Double-Locked room.
With his headlamp shining the way, he made his way back to the main floor two steps at a time. Something was different. Darker.
He continued to the exit. Holding the knob, he couldn’t turn it. Holding the doorknob tighter, he twisted and turned harder. The door was locked from the outside?
How can that be?
Panic rushed him. He swiped outwardly at thin air to put the panic back in its place.
He gasped as he turned his head for the headlamp to shine toward the windows. The windows were boarded up? He moved in closer. They were boarded up and screwed in tight!
What the hell happened in less than 60 seconds?
When had they done this? Perhaps having been so focused on Manning’s surrender, he hadn’t realized the boarded windows when he rushed through a moment ago.
Searching everywhere on the upper floor for an exit, there was none! He paced back and forth from room to room like a madman. He searched his options, and there was only one where time would work to his favor. He would have to run the dark channels for another exit location.
He turned and headed for the basement door behind him, when of its own accord, it just… opened.
He reached for his knife. He felt the round bulge of the mini flashlight. He began desperately patting his pockets. No knife!
Where the hell is my knife!?
Shuffling sounded from the basement door as someone made entrance. In a swift motion, he assumed hand-to-hand combat position. With only a mini-flashlight as his primary weapon, Tsar switched it on. He prepared to battle anyone or anything that came through that door.
Well… anyone but him.

|XXX|

Timidly, the small boy walked into the room bobbing his head up and down shyly, with an air of innocence. Tsar was stunned at the sight of the child.
He shut off the flashlight and returned it to his otherwise empty pocket. This was the same boy from earlier, scooting along the side of the path, the same one who tugged at Manning’s hand, the one in the Shelter’s basement, the one in the tunnels; the small Shadow.
Buddy.
The boy seemed cautious about eye contact. He kept his eyes lowered and let his head fall forward. Nothing about his body language displayed fear. His head swung a bit to the left and then to the right. He lifted his head and slightly cocked it to the left. He flashed a sweet smile and spoke softly, “What’s wrong, Lewshun?”
As soon as the boy finished speaking, his eyes went back to the floor. But Tsar hadn’t missed it… those eyes! And though there was just a thin ray of light in the room from his headlamp, the young boys eyes glowed like softly-lit lights themselves. They were the colors of green, blue, gray, and hazel and sparkled like diamonds!
Is he an angel?
Tsar forced himself to step outside his own confusion. “Hey, kid, do you have a key to open this door? I don’t have time to run the channels for another exit. And somehow, the place is locked from the outside.”
The boy patted the right pocket of his khaki shorts and then reached in, to pull something out.
Really? The kid has a key. Can I get that lucky right now?
The boy pulled out a closed fist, and with it, he pointed to Tsar’s own pocket. “Yews n Chasee always had dis key, Lewshun.”
Tsar tilted his head in question as the boy opened his closed fist and revealed…
A knife?
Buddy reached over and handed him – his own knife! Tsar stared down at the knife as the memory of how Manning had also used his knife as a key when he left the Detention Center. That sound of the heavy thud in the woods just before he surrendered…
Manning threw his knife into the woods?
Tsar flicked the knife open and walked to the front door. He inserted the tip of the knife between the door frame and latch.
Nothing. It wouldn’t work. Damn it! Why not?
He looked back to the boy. The boy walked up beside him with his head down and tapped the keyhole itself.
Tsar looked at the knife then at the doorknob. He didn’t see it at first but then he looked closer.
Hell, it just might work!
Using the tip of the knife, he inserted it into the key hole, and it unlocked the door without hesitation.
Stunned, Tsar blurted out like a five year old himself. “How’d you know that?”
Buddy looked at him briefly and smiled. He shrugged his shoulders innocently but said nothing.
How do I know you?
This thought went unspoken as Tsar instead searched his memory. A memory was there, but it was scrambled.
The boy walked to the basement entrance, turned to face Tsar, standing with his back to the door. The boy kept his eyes to the floor with his hands firmly planted in his pockets, shifting innocently back and forth on his feet.
Carefully, Tsar considered his next words. “I need a special key. A key for the room that is double-locked. You brought me to a room the other day, but there was another room in the back. I have to get in there. Do you know where that key is?”
Again, the boy flashed his color-changing eyes at Tsar. His eyes were extraordinary. Tsar feared coming under a spell, so he turned away.
The boy answered his question using a cryptic and insensible statement. “Nobawdy has dat key herw. Da onlee ways to find it, is to go to a vedy sahd pwace.”
What?
He studied the boy and began to question his own sanity. Walking out the front door of the Old Orphanage, Tsar stopped and turned to the boy. “Go on now. Go back to Northside where you’ll be safe.”
The Colonel may order a bloody battle upon Northside and lock them down, but the System rule applied to them as well. The Colonel may’ve been able to seal them off, but he could only war with them. He could not kill them. It was clear now that Northside had never been snuffed out. And now Tsar understands why. They, too, are System.
Interrupting his thoughts, the little guy spoke, “You keep us safe, Lewshun. Dats what you do. Dats who you arh.”
The boy flashed another angelic smile before disappearing back into the basement. Tsar felt his world tip slightly, but with mental effort, he regained himself. Certainly, the kid was more intelligent than his speech.
Tsar had no time to sort it all out. Out the front door, he jumped off the top step and hit the ground running. He would go to Manning’s house to see if Francine was asleep. But first, he needed to stop by the Bunker.

|XXX|

Tsar had had no direct contact with the Colonel now for several days. He should’ve made an attempt as soon as he had been set free from the Shelter earlier. He should have made a full report to the Colonel. Even King Charles had fulfilled her responsibilities by reporting Francine to the Regionals. Whether or not that was a smart decision, remains to be seen. At least she had timed it as close as she could without sabotaging all of them or Francine… but she reported. Tsar would have to do the same.
Are the incriminating reports about the Colonel accurate about the kid that they killed on Jagged Island? Maybe? Maybe not?
Tsar shut down his headlamp. With the flashlight in his right hand, he would flip it on now only if he needed it. The Super Moon illuminated his way. His time frame getting smaller and smaller, he moved as fast as he dared in the moonlight. He made no more sound than that of a small animal. His eyes swept the sides of the trail as he made his way, wondering if she was there, watching. Waiting?
Oh wondrous King, who is Francine Manning to you, that you would risk your own freedom, and… even your life?

|XXX|

Entering the Bunker, Tsar heard commotion coming up from the tunnel entry. Two soldiers saluted him, one on each side of the entry door. Walking through the threshold, he felt as though he’d been gone for months.
How long had it been?
He saluted back. “At ease, soldiers. Is the Colonel here?” The men responded affirmative to his question, but he felt a gap that hadn’t been there before.
He looked around briefly and studied the expressions of the soldiers. Nothing extraordinary.
“Inform the Colonel of my arrival, and if it’s convenient, I’ll meet with him here in five minutes.”
Simultaneously they responded, “Sir. Yes, sir!”
Tsar headed for the hall leading to his bunker. Opening his door, he took one step inside and gasped. Everything was reversed? His cot was up against the left wall, his dresser to the right.
What the hell’s this?
He stepped back out and looked down the hall. He wanted to be sure he’d stepped into the right bunk – his bunk.
Counting the doors on either side of his, he concluded…
Yes. This is my bunk.
He peeked inside again. All the furniture still reversed.
Who was in here? Who would dare do this!
Leaving the hall from his bunk, he returned to the Network room. The soldiers that had been guarding the entry were gone. Tsar ran back to the bunk hall and checked each of the bunkers. No one else was there.
He pulled open the door leading to the tunnel and ran down the stairs to the next level, when he saw them… all of them!
About two dozen soldiers were restructuring the tunnels to use as barracks on the right side just beyond the prisoners chambers. To the left side was one long room of weapons, ammunition, and explosives. His earlier conclusion too presumptive perhaps; Southside could easily contain Northside with these numbers and armament, perhaps even the entire Village.
What the hell are they planning?
Beyond these rooms and new barracks was a closet. The soldiers were scattered all about and working with fervor as one turned and noticed Tsar and yelled out, “Officer on deck!”
Quickly in soldier fashion, they all lined up and saluted Tsar as he walked through the lineup, one by one. Turning, he gave them the dismissal salute and continued past them to the closet. The door was slightly ajar.
Tsar scanned the area, but the Colonel was nowhere in sight.

|XXX|

Slipping out from behind the opened door of the closet room was none other than – Gloves.
Gloves stiffened his position and saluted.
Tsar returned the salute and nodded.
“Sir, we have located a room that the Colonel deems top secret, and we have secured it.”
Tsar looked inside. Empty. At the back of the closet was another door.
“Top secret, soldier? I don’t see anything.”
“I cannot answer to that, sir.”
Tsar walked to the other door and turned the knob. When he looked up, he noticed it was also bolted… the Double-Locked door.
This is the Double-Locked room that Buddy had led him to a few days ago? Nah, it can’t be. This closet is not the same room I was stuck in for hours or days. It’s empty. Northside had been a mile ahead, even before Southside arrived. Hah! Southside is running in crazy circles! They may have enough ammo to blow up the Village, but Northside may just be smart enough to disarm them before Southside fires the first bullet.
A smile curled at the corner of his lips as a belly full of mocking laughter was stifled. Tsar faced the Double-Locked room. He wiped away his smirk. He found himself actually cheering for Northside now.
This isn’t my home, maybe it never was.
Gloves called out a command as a dozen soldiers lined up. Six soldiers marched to one side of the hall and another six marched to the other. Gloves had never given commands in Tsar’s presence. Not ever. But that wasn’t as important right now as the soldier holding a file. Tsar walked over and yanked it out of the man’s hand. It was thin, only having one page inside, and before he could open it, Gloves yanked it from Tsar’s hand. But Tsar saw the label on the folder.

Lucinda Leigh

Tsar commanded, “Where’s the Colonel?”
“He left just a few moments ago, sir, to report to the Senator that all is secure. He has ordered that I accompany you this evening.”
Tsar smirked openly in front of all the men. “Very well. Orders are orders.”
I have a few wildcards, soldier. I may not have access to that Double-Locked room, but I do know this. Neither will you! I have a whole lot more information than just one folder. Whatever’s in that folder; is an intentional diversion for Southside or a private message for me.
Tsar would still have to find a way to appease his handlers, not just for his sake but also for hers. He looked back up at the men all around him and settled his eyes back on Gloves.
Seemingly to reassure Tsar that he knew his place, Gloves nodded and flicked the grenade hanging from his belt loop. Tsar nodded back in understanding. They all have a job to do – but now he has two; one to serve the Network and the other to protect Francine when, not if, the two come to blows… what then?
He would do his best to avoid that – by taking every precaution. First and foremost, he would do his job within the Network, one step at a time.
He addressed the men; “It’s a big night tonight. Let’s not screw it up, soldiers!”
They all saluted him but without the usual comrade atmosphere.
Moving to the staircase, Gloves and Tsar went up to the next level, then to the ground level, headed for Manning’s house – together.
The SD card. Francine. The Colonel definitely knows… and if he knows, so does the Senator. If they hadn’t known before, they know now, now that the King has reported it.
But they still don’t know… what we know.

|XXX|

Passing by Jr. Command, Gloves followed in the background as they made their way to Manning’s house.
There was no time for the Colonel and Tsar to connect prior to ceremonies. Tsar would face what he must after the ceremonies. His high-held position with the Network was coming to a fast halt; both within the System, and the Network soon to follow. Still, he had a weapon that none of them had. Connections.
From his vantage point, Northside had not communicated with any of the others on Southside, only Tsar. None of the handlers were aware of the King’s multiple roles within the Network and the System – not yet at least. The Colonel had no command over her, and though she bowed before the Senator, she had her own agenda. How she had maintained her independence was miraculous even. Southside would find it impossible to penetrate any pertinent System information or history without the assistance of Northside.
Northside was mostly concerned about the mysteries inside the real Double-Locked room, and they wanted him to know, what those secrets were.
But do I want to know?
Some things were becoming clear now, whoever it was that had the key, was a mystery even to those on Northside. Northside believed that Tsar would eventually make entry. But why?
He pondered the question, “why?” The Colonel was clear:

“Every System has a library of events, records, and files of their history. To have complete executive control… we need to control that library.”

Whispering, Tsar concluded, “Of course, that’s why. All the dirty secrets of the Network’s last era in the Village were recorded there, perhaps by a five year old, but recorded nonetheless. And if Northside so chose, they could expose the Network!”

|XXX|

A few minutes before midnight, Tsar stepped through the side entrance of Manning’s car garage as Gloves took cover in the shadows. Since Manning had surrendered, a part of Tsar felt as though he actually belonged here now.
Weird.
He tapped the hood of Francine’s SUV as he passed by, headed toward the utility door entrance. Reaching for the door knob, Tsar heard mumbling.
The TV?
Does this mean she’s awake and not sedated? I will have to inject her then. Damn it!
He turned and pushed the knob, ready to do, what he had to do.

|XXX|

Walking past the washer and dryer, through another door that led to the kitchen, Francine Manning’s natural fragrance reached him immediately. Her scent clung to the walls like paint, her aroma instantly smothering him. He paused for a moment, took a deep breath, and waited for it to pass.
Looking into the living room, she was not on the couch.
Perhaps in the bathroom?
His mind toyed with the idea of playing husband and having her as his, once again, there in the darkness.
No. There is no time left for pleasure.
When he cornered the kitchen wall to his right, Tsar came face to face with a… a man?
Like an idiot, Tsar gasped as a schoolgirl would. He could play a role about anywhere and anytime – but Francine Manning distracted him in ways he could never prepare for.

|XXX|

A slight punch in the chest followed by, “Hello, Chaseman, you doin’ alright?”
Awkwardly, Tsar responded as he realized how suspicious he must look right now. He first remembered to speak in English. Other than distant observation, Tsar knew very little about the man who just punched him.
“Hello, Joseph.”
As soon as Tsar spoke, Chase Manning’s Australian Shepherd garbled out a knowing groan in the background.
Tsar stepped back, wanting some space.
Joseph began to rattle off. “I stayed with Frankie like you asked. We took the jets out for a spin. We got back here around 9:30. I stepped outside with the dogs while she made some of that nasty tea she likes, something new her and Nan are tryin’. When I came back inside, she was already asleep.”
“That’s fine, Joseph. Thank you for your time this evening. I’m sure that Francine will sleep well. You’re dismissed.”
Tsar realized his mistake immediately as he saw Joseph Miller cock his eye brow. Miller moved closer, lifted his hand, and set it on Tsar’s shoulder. Tsar thought to break his hand for touching him. Instead, he jerked his shoulder away.
But Miller did not step back and give him space, the man moved even closer, studying Tsar’s expression.
“You okay, Chaseman? You need anything?”
Now the desire to break the man’s neck for invading his space came to mind. Tsar stepped back, turned, and walked toward the door with the Miller boy at his heels. “I’m fine. Thank you. We’re all tired, let’s get some rest now.”
Tsar opened the screen door, giving the man enough room to pass through. Miller stopped just before he entered the threshold and then turned to face Tsar. He put out his hand in a friendly gesture. Tsar shook his hand to appease him so as not to bring any more attention to himself than he already had. Miller held onto his hand for an uncomfortable amount of time compelling Tsar to look at him.
“I’m here for you, Chase.” Joseph lowered his head, hesitating. Then Joe looked back up to search, who he thought was, his own friend’s face. Joe locked eyes with Tsar, his face serious and sincere, his words confident and persuasive, “I’d die for you, friend.”
Confused, Tsar raised his eye brow at such an extreme gesture as he pulled his hand away from Miller’s. “That will not be necessary. Good night.”
He walked out, and before Miller could turn to face him, Tsar shut the front door.
Shaking his head at what an idiot he was to have royally screwed that up like he just did, he was grateful that Joseph Miller didn’t make much of it.
KC should’ve known and reported Miller’s whereabouts. Damn it, woman!
Keeping his focus, he moved through the living room to the bedroom door, which was slightly opened. He pushed it open to check on Francine. A fan blowing in his direction flooded him with the aroma of her intoxicating fragrance.
With both of his hands, he harshly rubbed his face to rid himself of her bewitching scent. She had not stirred. Before his desires caused him even more trouble, he closed the bedroom door back to its previous setting. He was relieved that she’d at least had her dosage of tea so he would not have to inject her.
Opening up the cabinet just above the coffee maker, there was not one box of tea, but two. Picking them up one by one, they were different flavors. He thought back.
KC didn’t say boxes, she said, “box.”
This isn’t right.
But how could he confirm? The King was long gone. He scooped up both boxes of tea, replaced them with only the one opened box as she had instructed. He stepped back from the cabinet and looked toward the living room. Not daring to go near the bedroom, he scanned everything quickly before leaving when he noticed a piece of paper on the kitchen table. He walked over and picked it up.

..WHEN GOOD MEN..

Tsar whispered, surprised at the sound of regret in his own voice. “There are no good men, Francine. But if you will stay put tonight – your life will continue on, just not as it once was.”
Leaving through the same door he’d entered, Tsar needed to make a pit stop at the Jr. Command to lock up the medicated teabags before heading to Sylar’s to leave for the rendezvous.
Gloves stepped out of the shadows and followed him.



Chapter 80

|XOX|

Frankie roused as a slight vibration shook her head. The vibration stopped and then started again with a light humming.
Chase!
She pulled her phone from underneath her pillow. Trying to focus her sleepy eyes, there were two text messages; one from Chase and one from Joe.

Chase: I love you

Joe: Confirm

The magnitude of her situation came crushing down on her. As she shuffled around under the sheets coming fully alert, she whispered, “I love you, too, Chase.”
She moved her legs to the side of the bed as the image of the boy who got killed blindsided her. She didn’t know him from anywhere, but his death was personal. Fitz made it personal. Tears burned behind her eye lids.
Your day is near Ronald Fitz, and God be with us, let it be this day.
And though it was personal with Fitz, she and Joe agreed – that whatever was happening was certainly much bigger – than just Ronald Fitz.
Frankie reached over, shut off the fan, and listened…
Dead silence.
The time on her phone displayed 12:10 a.m.; she had slept a little more than an hour. Chase was nowhere in sight. Frankie responded to Joe’s text:

Confirm

Joe had left her at the house to make preparations for the “party” as he’d put it. They’d thrown together the last minute plan when he insisted, “You look dreadful – get some sleep.” She had laid down to rest – to plot. She never thought she’d actually be able to sleep with all that was happening.
Frankie’s phone flashed another text;

Standby and no lights

Prepared under the bed, was an overnight bag sitting on top of the window screen that she had removed from the window earlier.
She slid down the side of the bed and onto the floor where it would be difficult for anyone to detect her movement.
She and Joe felt confident that though they weren’t certain whose voices sounded on the recordings, that the location was clear; old Springfield’s Farm at the peak of Fallen Mountain. The ride would be about fifteen minutes from the house.
But they couldn’t just ride in!
They planned to leave Joe’s fathers SUV parked at the old railroad station, hike about a mile in, and then walk a dirt road up to the location. It was about a forty-minute trip between vehicle and foot – there was no time to spare.
They had considered bringing Cody in to help, but Joe cautioned that whatever they may discover may not be anything more than an embarrassment for Chase. The less people involved the better. Frankie agreed.
She had pre-planned her stealth-mode attire. She slid the screen from under the bed, scooped up the clothes, and slid the screen back. While remaining seated on the floor, she pulled on Chase’s black, quick-dry running pants. They would be baggy. She had grabbed an old, black sweatshirt from lost and found on her way home from the Hotel. She pulled that over her black tank top and down around her waist. She strapped on a waist bag, carrying a slim can of bug spray and two mini flashlights. She laced up her hiking boots and pulled on a black ski mask.
She imagined that she looked like a professional thief and not Chase Manning’s wife.
Where is he? Maybe in the shop?
She’d hoped that he would prove her suspicions wrong but that he wasn’t in bed with her at this hour gave little hope.
Did you see my note, Chase?

..When Good Men..

That these words were also in James Hunter’s office was no coincidence. That James Hunter, aka Hunter Freeman, was also Chase’s biological father brought so many questions. Somehow there was a connection between this man and her grandfather. Nan had never mentioned these names to Frankie. Whatever mystery that was behind it all – Frankie may never know.

|XOX|

Another text;

Stay low. Standby

Suspecting that someone would be watching from Downs’s place, or even from the trail, Joe insisted that Frankie exit from the side window of her bedroom. She waited for her final cue when her phone vibrated another text message;

50 Count

Frankie counted to 50. She silenced her phone and placed it on the bureau to leave it behind.
She slid through the extra-large window and scooted to the ground on the other side. From a crouched position, she pulled the window down slowly, trying to minimize the noise for fear of alerting the dogs. Their barking would certainly draw attention.
Satisfied they had not been disturbed; she turned her back to the outside wall of the house and slid down, with her back flat against it. She calmed her breathing by taking a few deep breaths. She inhaled the pleasant airy, wet taste. Summer’s first morning had arrived.

|XOX|

Joe sent another text;

MaCabees

Frankie responded;

Confirm

Joe would drive parallel to their home from Center Street. They would meet on the dirt road. It would take him approximately three minutes, just enough time for her to get through the woods.
Thin layered clouds passed under the bright, full moon and there was now only a hinting remnant that the celestial event had even happened at all.
Frankie pulled out her thin flashlight and held it in a tight grip. She came to a standing, crouched position and headed for the MaCabee’s. Leaving the flashlight off, she wouldn’t need it. Not tonight. Tonight, her level of adrenaline would see her to the MaCabee’s blindfolded.

|XOX|

Frankie eased the door shut once she was inside the SUV and folded her ski mask up into a hat. They remained silent as Joe backed out of the MaCabee’s driveway. Avoiding Mount Road, Joe headed toward Main Street. Passing by the Old Orphanage they came to a T. Taking a left onto Main Street, they both deeply exhaled.
“We must be nuts, Joseph! Are you sure we wanna do this?”
With an adventurous tone, he turned to her. “Are you kidding, Frankie baby. How could we not?” His voice filled with excitement, drifted off with a telltale warning as he said, “Wow!”
She turned in his direction and drilled him with her eyes, until he finally shot her a glance. Her voice commanding, “What’d ya see, Joe?”
He shook his head in disbelief and admitted, “A lawwwt, Frankie!”
An instantaneous dread tingled and spread from the pit of her stomach. “Tell me, Joe, tell me what you saw.”
“I went to an old Beech tree on the trail where I could scout the area. With the full moon, I could see the outline of darn-near everything; the workshop, the house, Sylar’s place, and even some spots on the main road.”
Joe was speaking at a high speed but then slowed down and finished, “And there was a lot of camouflaged movement.”
She tapped his chest. “What’s that? ‘Camouflaged movement?’”
He looked at her. He began with the rolled-up black ski mask, then to her thighs, and down to her boots.
“Oh. I get it. Okay, go on, what else?”
“Well, let me say, it shocked the donkey crap out of me!”
Frankie blew out some anxiety, “Go on, Joe. Tell me.”
He nodded affirmatively as though he were reassuring himself that telling her was the best thing to do.
“As soon as I left you at the house with Chase, the real action was at…” he twisted his head toward her and, with a quick nod, spelled it out clearly, “…Sylar Downs.”
Frankie sucked in her breath. “No way! All these years he lived next to us. Chase was right. Damn it!”
Joe looked at her and nodded in disbelief as he turned left onto the east route leading to the railroad connection.
The voice on the recorder sounded off in her mind as she spoke it out loud, “I choose what I die for…”
She dropped her head as a sense of defeat began to pursue her. Mindlessly nodding her head at how perfect it all was; a perfect setup all around them to control her husband and to know their every move.
“Sylar’s voice, wasn’t it?”
“Yep.”
Overwhelmed with evil pressing from every side, “What else, Joe? I need to know everything you know and don’t hold back nothin’ …Whoa!”
But Frankie Manning was nearly terrified of what Joseph Miller was ready to reveal.

|XOX|

“About a half dozen men rallied at Downs’s house. Chase exited from the back of the workshop… his old drinking spot, Frankie.”
Things were beginning to make a lot of sense now. The convenient locations and how they all connected. She was furious with herself for being so naïve. Frankie tried hard to hold back the hurt of betrayal in her voice; whatever her husband was doing, equaled infidelity by living a secret life.
“Which way did they head out?”
“I’m not sure, but likely they all headed for the rendezvous location. About six of ‘em went into Downs’s house through the back door. Maybe even more through the front door. But I had no way to see that end. The next thing, a white van pulled out of Downs’s garage and now – here we are, me and you – off like we have a clue what the heck we’re doing.”
Frankie let some of these things run through her mind, forgetting to breathe. When finally she exhaled, this time not just with anxiety, she was pretty pissed off!
“There isn’t much time to get it all in before we hit the trail, Frankie, but a few things on the side you should know as well. I heard some wild screaming tonight while I was moving about, and it was coming from the trail. I do believe it was Chase. And with that eerie, bloodish moon, it sorta confirms that zombie invasion that I told you about earlier. I also think that whatever weird stuff I saw going on at the other church and through the Village the last few days, has to do with whatever’s happening tonight. Now list’n, don’t go freakin’ out on me cause we don’t have a lotta time. I did some quick research on Dissociative Personality Disorders – an autobiography by a Kathleen Sullivan.” Joe hesitated again, having had saved the hardest part for last she was certain.
“Come on, Joseph, I’m dyin’ over here for cryin’ out loud!”
Joe couldn’t stop shaking his head in disbelief, “Chase was not himself, Frankie. When he came home tonight, I noticed not subtle differences but serious ones. His eyes were different – wildish looking. He seemed to have an accent even.”
Frankie’s head bobbed back and forth as she responded. “His eyes. They’ve always been mysterious, Joe, with different shades of color even.”
In a brief moment of silence, Joe looked over at her with a painful smile and admitted, “He didn’t seem to know me tonight, and to be honest, I didn’t really know him either. He looked the same… but he wasn’t the same.”
Frankie remained silent so that Joe would continue.
“It’s possible you know, this multiple personality stuff, but we can’t dismiss the picture in Philadelphia. Chase could possibly have a twin runnin’ around the Village impersonating him. And how all that would fit together, Frankie baby, I dunno. I couldn’t guess which it might be. Prepare yourself, Sis, because the man who came home tonight, he held himself more like a commanding officer in the military than Chase Manning.”
Frankie’s mind initiated a few recent memories. Was her husband a man with multiple personalities? Did he have a destructive twin? Last night at her Philadelphia hotel… something was definitely wrong there. It began with that plumbing issue, right until the next morning when she couldn’t get the safe open. The dream? Was Chase in the room with her? Did he have a twin that was raised in Germany, and was that the man in the room with her last night? Or was she crazy and it really was all a dream?
Frankie’s stomach turned.
Frankie would know the difference between her husband and his twin, if there actually was a twin. No matter how odd Chase was earlier at the Old Orphanage, that man, he was definitely her husband. But the man that Joe was describing, he might not be.
“Joe. Earlier this evening when we were on the trail, Chase referred to me as Fancy. He hasn’t done that since I was a little girl. And he acted as though we were old, lost friends instead of husband and wife. He used to act this way at times when he drank but tonight… he weren’t drinkin’. Most interesting, I just learned while we were in Maine that Chase was in the military.”
Joe shook his head in disbelief again. “Well, I tell ya, Frankie, the man seemed about ten feet tall and with arrogance unmatched to Chase even. He called me Joseph.” He looked over at her and chuckled as he said, “He even dismissed me!”
Joe’s expression made Frankie snicker in spite of her anxiety. Though the temperature was comfortable, she shivered some as she spoke. “God, help us.” Looking over at Joe and able to see his expression with the light of the dashboard, he, too, mirrored her anxiety.
In agreement, Joe added, “God, protect us.”

|XOX|

Driving past the road which led to the rendezvous location, two police cruisers were backed bumper to bumper to block off traffic. Three officers stood in front to enforce the blockade. Frankie and Joe turned toward each other in silence, careful not to attract attention as they coasted to the bottom of the hill.
Joe signaled a left turn and drove another two hundred yards. To their left, where the recreation trail led to the rendezvous location, four cars sat under a light pole with shadows shifting inside. Two people also sat on top of a picnic table under a light pole where bird-sized moths bounced up and down.
Joe nearly spat out the words. “At this hour?”
Frankie looked at the clock, 12:25 a.m., it’s gonna be tight.
Without hesitation, Joe drove past the second entry point.
“I’ve a backup plan. And with all the watchdogs out there, it turns out that the backup plan is now officially – the plan.”
Frankie could only nod in agreement, shocked by all that was transpiring and with so many people involved. But what worried her most – involved in what exactly?

|XOX|

Joe drove less than a half mile headed toward one of the smaller lakes. He pulled into a familiar drive to their right, a place where he and Chase had worked a few years back. He shut off the lights and put it in park.
“Don’t worry. These people won’t be up for a few weeks.” Joe grabbed an old looking cell phone from the glove box and answered a question she hadn’t asked. “Dads. I just put time on it. Now listen, once we step out onto the trail, you cannot speak at all, and you have to be mindful of your step. The moon might be bright tonight, but we’ll be walking under trees that darken our path and also stepping over vines, limbs, and debris. Clear?”
Frankie nodded.
“We only have a few minutes so we’re gonna move fast. No words. Watch my hand signals in case we need to stop, or in case we have to move quickly to the left or to the right. We’ve no idea what we’ll find or who we may encounter. If we get separated for any reason and Chase is there, he will die to protect us – don’t ever doubt it. His love is rock solid no matter what they’ve done to him.”
Frankie felt tears fill her eyes and simply nodded.
“You sure you can do this, Frankie?”
She silently nodded in the affirmative. They stepped out of the vehicle and Joe quietly shut his door. Meeting at the back of the SUV, Frankie motioned for Joe to wait. She opened her fanny pack that was clipped around her waist and pulled out a small can. She sprayed her head and shoulders, and without his permission, she squirted some on Joe’s head, shoulders, and back as well.
He protested, “Seriously?”
Whispering, “Remember, I was a girl scout.” She put the fanny pack inside the SUV, grabbed a tissue to wipe her tears and her nose. She quietly closed the door.
Leaving the driveway, Joe returned in whisper, “You’re a wicked nut is what you are!”
With no car lights in sight, they hustled across the paved road. Joe, who blended with the color of the darkened landscape, pulled the ski mask down over his face with black-gloved hands. He tugged at her sweatshirt to follow him onto a rough-beaten path. Frankie followed his lead, pulling down her own ski mask.
Ahead of them, the path was littered with both light and dark shadows as the moonlight filtered through. Frankie turned to the paved road behind them one last time, the road that led safely home…
What’re we thinking?
Having rushed into this with no time to really think it through, she resolved herself to move forward and ahead onto the rough-beaten path. There was no time to rethink this, not now.
Moving as quickly as was safe, Frankie stayed right on Joe’s heels, lifting her feet high so as not to trip on the debris. Reaching the main trail was both good and bad. Good because the old railroad ties were covered in sand to smooth their path. Good also because their path was brighter and wider. It was bad because they were now more visible, out in the clearing.
They still had about a mile to where the railroad trail crossed a town road making sort of a four-way. And from there, straight up the mountain. Having to use the backup plan, the distance was further than originally planned. They’d be a little late but they were headed just the same.
And for God knows what...

|XOX|

Joe slowed his pace, looking off into the distance where there was an old farm house and a few sheds that appeared to be abandoned. He nodded toward the buildings. Leaving the trail, they hiked to the front of one of the sheds. With a little push, the door opened. Joe tugged at her hand to follow him inside.
With the door closed and their backs up against the wall, they both slowly exhaled. Joe slid down to a squat position, and motioned for her to follow his lead. When she looked over at him, he was staring straight at her, and in spite of the tension and anxiety, they snickered.
“Frankie Manning, are we crazy?”
Frankie nervously chuckled in confirmation, “We are crazy, Joseph Miller!”
Joe took her hand. He stared at her profile for a moment, and she could see him smiling as the moon shone through the window before he bowed his head and simply prayed.
“Lord, please give us wisdom. Do we move on? I don’t wanna put Frankie in danger, but we wanna help Chase.”
Joe’s prayer, short and to the point, was not eloquent like the Pastors or Nan’s but with just as much heart.
After a moment of silence, he turned to Frankie and began to hum this tune;

“Onward Christian soldiers,
marching as to war”

Frankie sought Joe’s eyes, and when she found them, she noticed how his forehead stretched, eyes filled with astonishment as he hummed. Joe seemed certain that he had his answer as she joined in singing the words;

“With the Cross of Jesus
going on before”

Frankie felt it again. The divine presence that she and Joe had both experienced at the lake earlier. But this time, it was not a breezeless breeze, instead, a convictional whisper from an aged-Gospel Hymn.
With a speculative tone, Joe stated, “I don’t believe that Chase is with them by choice, Frankie. He’s either being manipulated or forced. But if we don’t go tonight, we might lose him to whatever is going on around here and… lose him forever. I really think after this past week with all that we’ve learned, that he needs us badly, and the man don’t even know it.”
Frankie felt her anxiety reach an uncomfortable level as bile turned in her stomach.
I should’ve had more than beer and onion rings tonight.
“Remember. Our goal is to rescue him, whether we rescue him from Fitz or rescue him… from himself.”
Frankie, overwhelmed for her husband’s safety and Joe’s loyalty to both her and Chase, simply nodded her response.
Joe wanted more of a response, “What’s our goal, Frankie?”
Sounding braver than she felt, “To rescue Chase.”
He took her hand to his lips, kissed it, and whispered, “This could all go horribly wrong, and Chase will kill me himself for leading this insane mission.”
They both chuckled again at the absolute truth of Joe’s statement. Chase would whip Joe good for this, no doubt. Totally absurd and surreal and yet, it was all laid out in front of them… ready or not.
Joe nodded at the door and urged her, “Let’s do this, Frankie baby!”

|XOX|

Frankie and Joe moved steadily on the path through the moon-lit sky, shining their flashlights sparingly, when the path narrowed and trees tunneled over. They could see in the close distance; red, blue, and light gray lights flashing off the trees just ahead. Frankie estimated the time to be about 12:45 p.m..
They were coming to the four-way intersection where the paved road crossed over the railroad trail they’d been following. They would need to use that paved road to continue onto the rally point. To their left on the paved road, was a fire truck and another cruiser – this one, a state trooper. They could hear the radios. Frankie couldn’t have guessed just how involved this would all be with so much human activity all along the way.
Now they would have to find an inconspicuous place to pass over. Impossible. Smart people would abandon the mission at this point. A desperate wife, not so smart.
Coming over the radios simultaneously, “The fire behind the old Springfield barn is under control. Fire crews are standing by.”
Joe and Frankie both nodded confirmation to the other; Joe had accurately translated the rally point.
They heard the state trooper’s radio sound off; “Captain Downs is coming in to assist you, Officer Stanton. Copy?”
Sammy’s voice?
“Copy that. Ask him to bring me a large, black coffee, and I’ll share a donut or two.”
Light laughter was heard on the radio as dispatch responded, “Copy that.”

Fallen Mountain

|XOX|

Joe pulled Frankie off into a wooded area. He signaled which way they would detour, and she nodded as he headed off into the direction with her at his heels once again. Frankie looked ahead to their cross over point which was only about twenty feet in distance to the other side of the road. Yet considering their plight, it may as well be a mile walk through quicksand. Alarm signaled a heated message to every nerve ending in her body. But to pass any other way, they may as well surrender.
Making their way to the pavement, Joe looked back to Frankie and raised his finger to his lips. She nodded and waited for him to take that first step. Tiptoeing like a thief, he was a few feet ahead of her when she looked up and down the road. No one appeared to be watching. She likewise tiptoed like a thief right behind him.
Reaching the other side of the road, Frankie watched as Joe balanced himself in a crouched position over the historical granite wall. Spanning over decades, the wall partly melded into the earth beneath. Behind the wall was lined with tall, wild berry bushes.
Right behind Joe, she followed also in a crouched position, crawling over the mound of rocks but not quite so smoothly. Her right foot tripped a rock. Twisting herself to protect her head, she went down hard on her elbow.
A quiet, painful moan, escaped through her closed mouth without warning. Joe rushed to put his hand over her mouth and demanded silence. Frankie responded with a quick nod, righting herself.
They sounded like medium-sized wild animals, a deer or a wildcat. Or maybe just dumb lambs to the slaughter. They were soon to find out.
Frankie maneuvered around Joe’s back where he signaled her to settle next to him on the ground. With the high-setting berry bushes, they were now protected from view, for the moment...
A long and deadly silence followed them, broken only by the sound of crickets. All radios silenced and all chatter ceased amongst the authorities on site. Frankie wiped her sweaty palms on the thighs of her pants as her heart stormed inside her chest in the deafening silence. In the distance, an owl sounded off several short hoots. Frankie was certain the creature was mocking…

you’re so screwed… you’re so screwed…

All senses were on high alert. The sixth sense sounded off the loudest, threatening potential fatalities. They were as good as caught. Desperately, she sought out potential escape routes, looking to the north, the south, to the east, and the west. None of the routes would work to their favor, not after the commotion she’d just made.
And then it happened…

|XOX|

Fuel-flamed fire shot up into the sky sending out a sizzled hissing noise that echoed throughout the woods. The flames were high enough and the sizzling loud enough to distract everyone within miles of them. What had likely been a well-contained small fire at the top of the mountain they were about to climb – just became a sweltering inferno.
The radios instantaneously began to chatter all around them.
Taking a moment to let out the trapped air from their lungs, Joe hung his head. Grateful, he whispered, “Thank you, Jesus.”
Pulling his head back up, he strained his left ear in the direction of the radios. Frankie also tuned in.
“Copy that, we have this covered.”
Joe took Frankie’s hand and tugged, urging her onward.
With the brightness of the moon and the trees properly spaced, the path before them was less cluttered with debris. Yet nothing about the atmosphere felt safe. The clock had just struck the first hour of the first summer’s morning. The firestorm ahead, just confirmed it.

|XOX|

Almost to the top, after a half-mile hike straight up, Joe stopped and searched the area. He pulled Frankie down to a squat position and whispered quietly in her ear. “Go there and wait.” He pointed to a thick, high bush. “I’ll be back in five minutes. Don’t leave until I return for you or Chase does. Understood?”
Fear and anxiety struck her as quick as the fire that had shot into the darkened sky just moments ago. They never mentioned separating in their scheme of plans.
Did Joe plan this and purposely keep it from me?
She pulled him close to her and whispered with intensity. “You are not separating us!”
They searched one another. She could see in his body language that he was second guessing this quest. He’s scared, and she could see it. She’s scared, and it was obvious.
But there’s no turning back and, they know it!
Exhaling, he lowered his head and shook it in the negative several times before looking back to her. He took her hand and tugged.
As they got closer, the path was scattered with saplings and viney shoots spotted here and there. Trying to keep up without tripping again, her eyes stayed mostly to the ground directly in front of her.
They reached their destination, the house and barn now in clear view. No lights shined from inside the house as the front windows were blackened. Yet the illumination from the barn-fire, lit their way. To the left of the house was another large, attached barn with small, blackened windows. Coming closer to the scene, Joe put Frankie to his right, keeping himself closest to the fire site.
A rhythmic sound drifted towards them. Frankie considered it to be music. They quietly moved closer. For as much as they could hear from their position, the sound of music wasn’t music at all.
It was repetitive chanting…

|XOX|

The chanting, drone-some and chilling, made her knees melt into liquid. A reeking of evil that felt so powerful, Frankie was certain that she could actually see loathsome creatures hovering above the mountain top.
Joe reached back for her hand and held it like a vice grip; no doubt that what they’d stumbled upon was much bigger than either could’ve imagined. They made their way. A steep embankment to their left, led down into a creek. The creek separated them from the fire and the buildings on the other side. They moved along on higher ground, which gave them a vantage view. About twenty yards from the back of the house was another small barn; this one in a vertical stream of blazed colors. It was not attended by accompanying firemen, instead, with men in long, black hooded-robes, chanting in unison.
The sounds of movement mingled as one with the nature of night. The sights below brought their feet to a steady and declining halt as the scene slowly came into full view. Frankie felt Joe’s hand tightening to a near unbearable grip around her own as the sound of droning voices could now be clearly heard…

“Lucifer, god of the night
and prince of the darkness
may you lead us into all the mysteries of Ancient Babylon
Mysteries given to your servants; Nimrod and Semiramus
may you find our sacrifice to you this night pleasing
and may you delight in our worship of you in the days to come.”

They took the last few steps. The horrific scene was fully displayed before their eyes. Frankie focused her eyes in the full moonlight to discern what it was that she was actually seeing.
Planks were nailed between two trees. Several goats hung from those planks by their feet. Their throats slit. Bowls were positioned to catch the blood. Frankie estimated about a dozen hooded heads and a dozen dripping goats.
She swallowed the vomit that topped out in her throat as she looked on at those dressed in black robes. With their heads slightly lowered and covered, they wore their hoods in a fashion to conceal their faces.
Frankie kept rechecking her own senses as to the sight before her. It was surreal. Her eyes must be mistaken!
She focused on the hooded figure in the front. She narrowed her eyes, certain that something must be shadowing it. This one, in the fire-lit shadows, loomed and elongated above all the others. Squinting harder to better see the shadowed figure, to her horror she was wrong. Nothing shadowed the hooded one in the front. Protruding from the front of the hood where a man’s face should be – was the snout of a goat!
She’d faint from the wicked sight of it all if she dared to. Instead, no longer able to hold it back, she puked.
And without warning… the night became day!

|XOX|

Like a lightning bolt, but from the ground upward, a surge of fire shot high in the sky and for three-seconds, night became day.
Frankie dropped to the ground as Joe dropped and draped himself across her back. Fiercely he whispered. “Stay down! Don’t move!”
As Frankie lay on the ground not daring to breathe nor to look up, she could feel Joe’s chest on her back, as it moved in and out with rapid panic.
She prayed for God’s protection to blind the eyes of the enemy.
But God did not.



Chapter 81

|XXX|

Tsar pulled a face mask down over his head and ran toward the member holding a black pouch. Swiping the pouch from the member’s hand, he moved with swiftness in the direction of the two that had made the ground dash.
Inside the pouch were tranquilizers, black bags and strip ties. Tsar had ordered the flare. With intruders so close to the ceremonies, the site had been compromised. The flare itself was a risk, having just lit up the mountain top. But a risk that Tsar deemed manageable, compared to the alternative.
Leapers had begun reporting shadowed movement down at the crossing. After the third report, the Senator became agitated that ceremonies were being desecrated by the intrusion. The Senator called Tsar to the front.
Those entering to participate in ceremonies had all arrived by 12:30 p.m., by way of an old deserted dirt road. Security was tight, yet it would not have been possible to close off all access by foot and certainly not by air. With dozens of Leapers in the immediate area, and for intruders to make it this close to the ritual site, heads would roll.
As soon as the flare went off, two forms made a sudden dash to the ground. They were the only two that did. And that… was the plan. All members and associates on site had been signaled beforehand to hold steady their positions.
Tsar went down the embankment and straight into the creek. With a headlamp in place, he thrashed through the cool waters passing at knee-high depth, moving over slimy rocks covered in moss. Reaching the other side, he grappled ahold of smaller but strong trees and pulled on them one by one. With super human strength and speed, he reached the top of the embankment – high on the other side.
Leapers were also closing in on the intruders from all sides.
Given the location of the trespassers and their close proximity to witness the activity; they were already dead, and Tsar had been ordered to initiate protocol. To divert attention from the Village, he would order these two moved into another area, maybe even over the state line. The Fox and Ked murders were already more than the small Village could handle.
Running another twenty feet to reach them, he could see a bigger one lying over a smaller one in a way of protection. Dressed in black, they also wore ski masks. Tsar, slightly winded, came to a halt over the duo and pulled the needle from the side of the pouch. He snapped off the plastic tab and dropped to his knees. He jabbed the bigger one in the back part of his upper leg. The body immediately responded to the drug and went into paralysis.
One of the Leapers moved in, just over Tsar’s shoulder to assist. Without looking back, Tsar made a fist. He flipped his right arm backwards and slammed the Leaper in the nose with his knuckles, sending him to his knees.
Too close asshole.
He yelled out in German to another Leaper who stood at a safer distance behind him, “Call for transport and processing.”
As he rolled the bigger one off the smaller one, the movement stirred a heavy scent of insect repellent. Smaller ones were unpredictable, fast, and wiry, to make up for their lack of size and strength. The small one’s eyes moved rapidly back and forth. Tsar dropped to his knees and pinned the small intruder’s legs. Pinning, he gripped with bruising strength. The grip made the small one scream and shoot forward to a sitting position, coming face to face with him.
Tsar didn’t see it coming…
The intruder slammed a metal object into Tsar’s throat, simultaneously slipping out from underneath his bruising grip. Tsar grabbed his throat instinctively thinking he’d been stabbed. He hadn’t. It was a small flashlight. The attack was distracting enough for the intruder to gain the advantage. Temporarily.
The smaller one had turned to his hands and knees, setting off for an attempted escape. Tsar hopped to his feet, a little embarrassed, and a lot pissed off. He ran up alongside the intruder who now scooted on all fours like an animal and planted his foot to their back. Having moved too quickly, he lost his footing ever so slightly. The smaller one spun around on his back and pulled a knee to his chest. Kicking out, he nailed Tsar square in the groin.
Tsar dropped to his knees, coughing.
The kid shot to his feet this time. Taking off in a dead run, he ran down the embankment side and headed straight for the ritual site – not from it.
Barely able to breathe for the pain, Tsar motioned for one of the Leapers to call and warn the members on site of a civilian invasion. He grappled for the zip ties from the pouch to secure the bigger one. After the unexpected dance with the smaller one, he wasn’t taking any more chances. Handing off the zip ties to another leaper to secure the paralyzed one, he watched as the smaller one made his final journey.
Looking down and over the embankment, Tsar watched as the smaller one nearly rolled all the way down the side, maneuvering trees, both big and small. Getting his feet under him, the smaller one pushed powerfully through the water, and as he got closer, he began screaming fiercely at the members on the other side for help.
A sneer let lose through Tsar’s pain.
“Stupid kid. This is Satanic holy ground. They don’t save you… they kill you.”

|XXX|

Returning to the ritual site, the sacred fire was shrinking as it was no longer being fed by accompanying servants. The members no longer assembled in ceremonial standing, yet their hoods remained, concealing their identities.
Tsar looked around and noticed that not only were they disassembled; Janice Manning was not amongst them.
Ronald Fitz sneered at him.
I’ll kill you later, old man.
Tsar ignored him and searched the eyes of the other members. Only a few others looked up and then quickly averted their eyes.
Now what damn it?
The Senator walked over, opened the ground door that led into a basement, and nodded directly at him. Tsar complied. The Senator pointed down a long hallway to a door with a small window. Janice Manning stood to the side. Her hood covered her head, she also had a scarf concealing her face. Spread over her arm was a black robe.
The Colonel’s robe?
Gloves sat at the far end of the hall. His head turned slightly in their direction, he watched from the corner of his eye.
The Senator remained at the entry door while motioning for Tsar to join Janice Manning. Janice did not look up as he continued down the hall. Just as he reached her, she opened the door to a small room.
The Colonel is nowhere in sight and Janice Manning has his robe?
He walked inside the room, and without doubt; there laid the smaller one that had intruded upon ceremonies. Tsar looked back to Janice Manning, curious if she’d clue him in. Nothing. She didn’t even look up. Instead, she closed him inside and walked down the hallway.
Tsar pulled off his face mask and let it drop to the floor as he turned toward the small creature laying in the corner in an awkward clump. They had injected him already; he wasn’t moving. He wasn’t sure if they only sedated the kid or killed him.
What the hell people, why all the dramatics?
Tsar walked back to the door and glanced out the small window. Aside from Gloves manning his station, the rest had all just left him there with some half-dead kid.
If Tsar were prone to panic, he might consider that he was chosen to be the sacrifice for the high celebration. He shook that thought off quickly.
Thirty years of money and training, I don’t think so.
So what is it then?
He looked back to the clump.
You’re the reason everything stalled tonight – it has nothing to do with me.
Speaking out loud to no one who could actually hear him and using his native tongue – “Who are you? The First Son?”
He squatted down. Reaching over, he pulled the covering from the kid’s head.



Chapter 82

|XXX|

Listening to the slow, steady rhythm of her breathing, Tsar reached in his pocket for his knife, pulled it out, and snapped it open. Francine’s hair spread and feathered all about her face; parting slightly from her lips with each low and wispy breath that she took. She lay on her side on the concrete floor facing him.
The floor wasn’t cold but cool, and it was as hardened as the heart of Janice Manning. A heartless woman, she made no struggle for the life of her own daughter-in-law.
Tsar slashed the bindings from Francine’s ankles and also from her wrists. He rubbed the areas that had been bound. He leaned over her, and unable to resist, he let his face hover, inhaling deeply her innocence – savoring it.
He pulled off his jersey and folded it into a neat pillow for her. Gently, he lifted her head and slid the makeshift pillow between her head and the concrete. His championship jersey was, in this moment, no more important than the creek-soaked socks on his feet.
The other kid must’ve been the Miller boy. Wearing ski masks and dark clothing, it was clear that they had planned this.
I knew something was wrong with the teabags. Damn it!
But how could they know the location?
In all the scenarios that had played out in his mind from the time he’d been called to control the invasion situation, this would not have been one of them. He moved to the side where her head lay, and settled his back to the wall with his legs stretched out flat to the floor.
Chase Manning’s wife was alone with him in a small, darkened room, just bigger than a closet. She lay unconscious on concrete – having run to her own death, looking for a husband who could not be found.
Manning had loved her enough to walk away, trusting Tsar to protect her, and now… she would die.
Tsar’s head reeled with confusion from every side; Manning, his wife, Northside, a woman who calls herself a King, a kid with eyes like diamonds and – the Network.
No matter what was to come and no matter his emotions; he was Network and the Network would win. They always won.
Didn’t they?
An internal voice whispered, “Hunter Freeman survived...”
And while he thought about whom the man was or who he had been said to be – his biological father, the image of a child… his child came to mind. He turned his head to look down at Francine’s waist.
What have I done?
Brushing her hair from her face, he touched the smoothness of her cheek when he felt a flood of filth rush through him. He pulled his hand back, and together with the other, he held them out in front of him. He should cut them off. Inching and scooting, he moved away from Chase Manning’s wife.
The Network would keep them together to ensure his compliance. Having full understanding of what was to come, he drew his knees up and dropped his head into his folded arms. Tsar couldn’t cry – not wouldn’t – but couldn’t.
The bright lights from the hallway spilled over into the small prisoner’s chamber, gleaming through the narrow, rectangular glass pane in the door. Tsar looked at his watch, 1:26 a.m.. The members could not hold their positions safely past 3 a.m.. The firetrucks and the police-standby would remain but not for much longer. And when they left, he would be moved and Francine would be taken or – dead.
Joseph Miller was dead already. There was no place for hope. They could not survive. Not from his position and certainly not from Francine or Miller’s position. Though Tsar would likely be reprogrammed and would live, he would still be and always has been – dead.
The memory of Manning taking a knee surfaced in Tsar’s mind.
Had he paid homage to God, to a real God?
They were locked in a room inside a building at the top of a mountain and surrounded by Network members. Stored within the walls of this building, was more arsenal than what entire counties of police forces would have combined. Francine Manning would need a miracle.
The image of the color-changing, angelic eyes flashed in his mind, bringing him to look up and scan the room, hoping...
Nothing.
He sneered at his desperate hope that a small boy with angelic eyes would magically appear and have the power to save Francine.
King Charles? What about KC? Where is she?
She may’ve moved on after Manning’s surrender, her assignment having been a success. He cursed himself for daring to hope, and yet he couldn’t stop the hope from pursuing him, no more than he could stop his emotions for Francine Manning.
How could he get a message to the King that Francine was in trouble? As their short history had taught him, she showed up when she showed up.
At a loss, he shook his head and then began to ruffle his hair with rapid hand motion until it hurt. In a manner meant to punish himself, he moved his hands to his cheeks and, in a circular motion, rubbed until he was certain he’d left a trail of bruising as he shifted thoughts.
Freeman? How did he manage to escape and survive? Hunter Freeman.
Hunter Freeman…
Tsar continued to speak this name silently to himself.
Freeman was a threat to them – to the Network. According to the King, the Network doesn’t know that Hunter Freeman is the James Hunter of Philadelphia who runs his own underground, anti-Network movement.
Hunter Freeman? What might the man know that is such a threat to the locals? And if he does know something, just maybe… it’s in that Double-Locked room.
As quickly as he thought it, he shook it off.
How the hell can I get into the Double-Locked room from this location?
I am desperate and foolish.
I am Network loyal. I answer to the Colonel and to the Senator. Tsar; local leader of the Network.
And as he struggled with his loyalty, he remembered the suffocating experience of that Pine Box…
One inside the box. One hovered above the box. Another crouched beside the box.
Tsar screamed silently – making it reverberate all throughout his being, “WHO AM I?!”
Tsar’s mind slipped away, and deep into his past as the blocks lined up…

L U C I A N D

…transporting him back to that time once again as he observed the small body being abused inside that Pine Box.
After what was seconds, minutes, or hours – his mind returned to his body once again, questioning…
Who was I? Was I him? Who am I? Am I him?
He looked down to Francine, having now returned to his rightful mind after the disturbing abreaction, and he questioned himself even deeper before he actually considered…
Maybe, just maybe, I am a husband.

|XXX|

He had not heard the door open, but he felt it close. Without looking up, he expected that his visitor was Chase Manning’s reptilian mother.
“Lucian.”
Stunned, he turned quickly to the sound of the voice and found her face.
King Charles!
She moved her eyes from him to Francine. She softened her stance as she dipped her head in a soft, shaking movement at this unexpected tragedy. She took a moment to take it all in. When she looked up, those eyes full of little creatures looking for a way to escape, met his own.
She had a plan.
KC stood there, her arms hung open at her sides. She tilted her head and narrowed her eyes on him. She didn’t say it with words but, she definitely had a plan.
She straightened to full height, as though to prepare for the battle ahead. This fight would be like no other battle ever fought, not from either of them. This would be a fight they could never win. They would die, and Francine would die…
Won’t we?
Maybe. Maybe not. Hunter Freeman escaped and he did survive… but how? How did he escape detection all those years?
Tsar looked to Francine and then back to KC, and for the first time in his adult life, he dared to hope.
Just maybe...
In silence, she pointed to the wall behind Francine. He looked without speaking but didn’t see anything in particular. She snapped open a switch blade. Standing over Francine, she placed one hand on the wall to balance herself, and with the other, she used her fingers to trace something. Having found it, she used the knife and gently stabbed it, wedging it in deeper. She moved the knife up and down, back and forth – until there was an opening.
He stood up to see what appeared to be a secret door made of wall-board. The cut was about 4’x4’. She pushed the wall board inward making an entrance. The King motioned for him to enter.
Uncertain, he glared at her.
Why would they leave Francine here, isn’t this their escape? Francine’s escape?
She looked from Francine then back to him, and spoke in a gentle whisper. “It’s time now, Lucian.”
He returned the whisper, “Time for what?”
She came and stood directly in front of him. Her eyes narrowed like drill bits and started spinning as she firmly declared, “There is no way out now, only through.”
He raised his volume slightly, “We can’t just leave her here damn it!”
“She can’t go where we’re going. Trust me or not, but she’s not going.”
They stared off for a moment. She blinked first and then confessed, “The key that we’ve all been looking for to the Double-Locked room in the northeastern tunnel has surfaced.”
“Just like that? The key mysteriously appears. I don’t trust it.”
“As a System, everyone has their positions. And the left hand doesn’t always know what the right hand holds. It’s just who we are. Sometimes the right hand holds something for so long, not only does the left not know it but neither does the right. Apparently, it was never the key that we needed. Instead, it was the right timing.
“Who decides when it’s the right timing?”
KC waved him off, “It doesn’t matter. Tonight, everyone on the Southside, and even those on the Northside, is about to get a serious revelation about who controls the history of the System. Including the Bunker, the tunnels and…” She cut off. “Come on, let me show you the one place that you need to see first, then you’ll be escorted to the Double-Locked room. What you discover should bring some resolution to what lies ahead.”
She pointed at Francine, “We’ll need the strength and determination to see this through with whatever skills we can utilize in this bloody situation.”
He used both hands and ruffled the hair on his head. He turned his knuckles inward, feeling the force of his own strength, as his lifelong sentence in the Network reared its ugly head. He had defied his loyalty on a few occasions, but right here and now, he was about to end it all.

|XXX|

With a slice to his whispered tone, he said, “I am Network. You are Network, and it ends here.”
She let her head fall to the side and glared at him. “Ever ask yourself why we’re Network or how we came to be Network?”
He squinted at her ignorance and answered, “We were born to it.”
Ignoring his response, she sneered at him, “It’s time you find out why we’re Network, and n’less you go with me now, Lucian, I’ll not go with you before the council. You may not want answers and even keep denying the truth – but I will not go forward with you until you know the truth. And then, decide for yourself.”
He tightened his lips and shook his head. “You’re gonna get us all killed damn it!”
“You know as well as I do that without me, the both of you are dead already.” She looked to Francine then back to him again, “She’s their leverage, she’ll be right here when you return.”
“What if the Colonel takes the front? He might kill her himself.”
“Don’t worry about the Colonel. We have System rules and even he has to abide. Besides, the Colonel stormed the Shelter’s front door earlier while his new soldier buddies burrowed their way into the Northern tunnel. Northside was ready.”
“You don’t know who you’re messing with if you think it’ll be that damn easy.”
She thrust her finger out and poked him in the chest, “You let us worry about Southside. You comin’ or what? You bloody choose.”
He looked again at Francine. What he was about to surrender, to sacrifice… It was not because of his love…
I don’t even know what love is. But Francine seems to know, so it must be for her love.
He balled his hands into fists and then pounded the top of his head. He twisted around and looked to the door leading to the hall. He walked to it and peered out the small window, looking to his left. Gloves kept vigil.
Standing now, Gloves leaned back into the wall with his arms folded. His grenade fully exposed, dangled from his belt loop. Outside, there was only death waiting. Tsar looked back to Francine.
Whatever hope that might be within their reach, was on the other side of that threshold where the King now stood. Without the King on his side, she was right; they were all but dead already. She’d had the advantage from the very start.
But how?
He thought back to the first time he saw her at the Shelter, then the folder at Jr. Command.
That folder?
“You want me to trust you? You tell the truth about what you scratched out from the Operation Memories folder that left me blindsided by the Colonel. I thought it was another damn test.”
She spread her arms and showed the palms of her hands, “I have no fear of the truth, Lucian. The System was tested on Jagged Island twenty years ago, and Manning proved to be stronger than you on at least two occasions. As he over-powered you, you were both penalized; Manning for submission purposes and you for your weakness. Your punishment was the two weeks of grueling drills. And his penalty was to be tortured into suppressing the memory of what truly took place on Jagged Island that summer. As always, it was done to protect their ugly secrets.”
KC appeared to slip back into that era as she continued. “Colonel Manning’s programming skills were not as sophisticated as most, but, he was creative. Although Chase was tortured into suppressing memories, the Colonel embedded a trigger within Chase’s mind that summer. While they didn’t want him to remember for their own protection for decades, the time would come when they would want him to remember. That time, is the rising of the One World Order. The torture programming was to suppress those memories. Once the trigger was pulled and those memories surfaced, his own truth would send him into a meltdown. He would ultimately surrender his front position. For then, his job as the one who denies, would be impossible once he knew such a traumatic truth about his own life.”
Tsar nearly spat out the words, “Someone who denies everything, huh? A suitable choice for a coward!”
KC lightly twisted her head, “We don’t choose our positions, Lucian, our circumstances do. The Colonel assumed you knew the trigger words as they’d been documented in the file, but I scratched them out without his knowledge and before you would discover them. Chase would remember; not in the ways of Southside but in the ways of Northside. By this, he would see that you are not the enemy but the protector. All that you’ve ever been forced to do, was for the entire System to survive, whether you understood that or not.”
He shook his head in disbelief as the situation had become so twisted now. “I don’t trust you, but I trust them even less when it comes to Francine.” With a knot in his gut, he took one last look at Francine before he stepped over her and disappeared into the secret opening.
KC replaced the secret entrance door behind them. They rushed down two levels when they reached a passageway that led to a channel. Tsar felt dizzy; his mind moving faster than his body possibly could. And he wasn’t aware of any channels on the mountain.
It would be impossible even. Wouldn’t it?
He inhaled the musty air. The same odor as the channels.
The King moved fast, and Tsar stayed close behind. With every step, he became more and more wary, when too soon, they came upon familiar grounds. He reasoned in his mind that it was not possible to travel this distance in such a short time.
This is all wrong.
To his left was Northside, and to his right was Southside. They were in… the tunnels.

|XXX|

Disoriented, Tsar tried to ground himself reaching with both hands for his head. Righting himself as best he could, he looked in the direction of a scuffled echo.
The King was headed to Northside. She stopped just short of reaching the basement door where the broken children that had engineered the Stair Matrix spent their days. Instead, she pivoted to the left. Although the door was in plain sight, one would not see it unless they were looking for it.
He came up beside her and demanded, “What is this? Where does this door lead?”
The King did not respond. Instead, she tapped out a coded series of knocks on the door. Tsar listened as the sound of movement grew closer and closer, reaching to the same level as they were on.
Another Stair Matrix.
A series of knocks sounded again but this time from the inside. The King responded with the right code of knocks, and the door opened after several deadbolts were released. Once again, the children of the Matrix bowed their head to him with their right hand placed over their heart. Tsar noticed that they were the same group of children as before.
The King motioned Tsar to step inside onto the landing with her. He noted how she spoke with the same commanding presence to the children of the Matrix as she did with him. “Good work tonight, soldiers.”
The soldier on the top stair re-bolted the many deadbolts on the door behind them. No soldier left their tread-stations. Tsar asked KC, “Why, what work did they do?”
KC saluted the soldiers as she responded to Tsar. “After learning that Francine and Joe were captured, N took extra precaution to protect the children. She hid them in this vaulted area, which is our maximum security. Sure enough, the bloody Colonel and his soldiers stormed the Shelter, daring entrance through the front door even. N hit the trigger button to alert me before they beat and hog-tied her. This is the reason for my delay to come to you and Francine tonight. I ran the tunnels to get the children inside the vault and then to initiate defensive protocol. The Colonel stayed with N to ‘make sport’ of her. He sent his soldiers to search for the children.”
“Did the Colonel harm the Nurse?”
“No. We acted quickly. Tapping out defensive protocol, the young soldiers took position behind the door exiting the basement into the tunnels. They lined up behind the door waiting for the Colonel’s soldiers to exit into the tunnel. The Colonel’s men had headlamps on but couldn’t see the young soldiers lined up and dressed in black against the wall. Taken by surprise, the kids spewed them with pepper spray while I held the front soldier at gun point. It took the young soldiers less than a minute to have the Colonel’s men gagged and their hands zip-tied behind them. While some of the young soldiers dragged the Colonel’s men to the prisoner’s chamber and secured them, Buddy gathered the remaining young soldiers and followed Matrix protocol.”
“You mean the Stair Matrix?”
KC motioned for him to descend the stairs with her. “Yes. Buddy and the young soldiers entered inside the basement. The young soldiers took their positions as Buddy made a racket throwing baseballs at the top of the stairs, hitting the entry door of the Shelter. The racket forced the Colonel to open the door to investigate. Buddy told the Colonel that the Senator was looking for him. Not sure if the Colonel believed Buddy or just wanted to snuff Buddy out – but he took the bait. The basement was dark. The Colonel made his descent. Our young soldiers were under the stair treads and popped them off with long handles on Buddy’s cue. The Colonel is broken but not dead. Unfortunately, two of our young soldiers were injured from the Colonel’s fall. The pediatric nurse admitted them into the infirmary.”
The thought of the Colonel taking one very long, twelve foot step...
Is this really happening?
As they reached the last stair, KC stopped and turned to him. “So, Mr. Leader, you now only have Gloves to contend with. And ugh... um yeah… the entire bloody Network.”
With dripping sarcasm, Tsar responded, “We should all feel much safer now, thanks.”
They made landing to the lowest level and now stood before a vault?
Before she reached for the vault spin, he asked her, “What about the ammunition and weapons?”
“We have them secured.”
With such an extraordinary turn of events; Tsar could only grin at the incredible success of such an unlikely crew.
The King wrapped her hands around the huge spin wheel attached to a solid steel door and commanded, “Turn your head.”
Turning away, Tsar felt his stomach drop. There was something behind that steel door. Something, he was certain that he wanted no part of...

|XXX|

On the other side of a solid, foot-thick door and in the middle of the room, was a beautiful crib. The crib rails were lined with glittery, small diamonds. Tsar was pretty certain that those diamonds were real. Hanging from the ceiling was a carousel of softly-stuffed small, pink, white, and blue puppies.
The sound of a Baby ooh’d and ahh’d as a woman dressed much like the Nurse stepped aside. KC walked over and put her hand in the crib. She turned momentarily to Tsar and then tossed her head back toward the Baby for him to come closer. He did, and with it, a familiar and strange sense of terror seized him; a terror that had long ago been buried, a time before he could remember, or a time before he wanted to remember.
He wasn’t sure if he was terrified of that Baby or maybe for that Baby. His training on Jagged Island was based on no-fear conditioning and was sophisticated throughout the next twenty years. But in this moment – this fear, or whatever it was that he was feeling, pre-dated any training he could remember.
Slowly he made his way, his chest releasing a hesitant breath.
Kicking his feet and thrashing his little arms, the infant’s face immediately began to glow when his eyes focused in on KC’s face, like a child who missed their mother.
With the pride of a mother, she explained, “Diamond. This is Baby Diamond. He is the heart of the Shelter and why we do what we do. Anything good or pure that happens within this entire complex is a reflection of him. When we feel pain, he feels our pain. When he cries, we hear his cries.”
Tsar recalled the sounds of the Baby’s cry from his Bunker. He looked over where the child lay. “Why is he here, where’re his parents?”
She looked up from the Baby and let her eyes dance about Tsar’s face. “He’s a throwaway. But if you look closely, you’ll see yourself in him.”
If he never wanted to do anything before, he was certain that he did not want to see this Baby more closely. And yet, the beautiful and innocent movements of the child drew Tsar’s eyes – unwillingly.

|XXX|

He moved closer to the crib, and the Baby looked at him with recognition. Tsar refused to let his dirty hands touch the child’s innocence.
Aqua blue eyes, speckled with circles of light gray, stared up and locked upon Tsar’s own eyes. The child’s eyes were identical to those of Chase Manning’s. The child stared at him hesitant, and then turned back to KC, seemingly looking for her response. Satisfied, the Baby turned back to Tsar and slowly let off a smile and began to thrash his little arms and his feet with excitement.
Innocent. Perfect. Beautiful. Something in Tsar melted at the precious sight before him.
Caught up in the wonder of it all, Tsar let the words slip through his lips before he could catch them. “Is he my child?”
The King smiled the smile once again of a proud mother, or perhaps a big sister, as she made a cryptic confession, “He’s the first born.”
Tsar tilted his head in question, in confusion.
“He’s the heart of the Shelter. The Senator’s orders to the Colonel were to secure any history on the Shelter. It’s why you were to secure only and not to engage. To take control of our Records and Files Room is to block our history, protect their ugly secrets, and control the future of the System. Whoever’s in control of this room controls the System. Programmers know that they can never truly erase the past, but they can add layer upon layer to it. They can block off access, hoping that we will never find our way back. So far, Buddy hasn’t let that happen.”
Before Tsar could ask a question hanging from the tip of his tongue, the King addressed the Baby’s nurse and ordered, “Full lockdown. No one enters, not even on code for the next 24 hours. Understood?”
“Understood, ma’am.”
With those words, the King nodded to Tsar and, without explanation, headed back up to the next level without him. She sent ahead the command to unlock the deadbolts. As she made her way to the top, Tsar stood dumb-founded as the question still hung.
First born? First born of what?

|XXX|

Tsar gathered his wits and jolted after KC. Hopping the stairs two at a time, he kept his focus on the child-soldier who stood at the top landing. The boys head was bowed, and he held a closed fist over his chest. Tsar gently tapped the boy on his head as he slipped through the threshold and back out into the tunnel.
The boy immediately pulled the door closed behind Tsar, shutting out any signs of light. He heard the deadbolts, one by one, slide back into place. Facing the tunnel toward the Bunker, Southside, he closed his eyes for a moment. He held his eyes shut, giving them time to adjust for darkness. He whispered, “Hello.”
No response.
He reopened his eyes. Still, there was nothing but blackness. Not even a sound to be heard, save the echoes from his own whisper.
And then an eerie sound drifted in from the distance. An icy breath lightly blew upon his neck making its way down his spine.
EnokKim!
Darting his head in all directions, he looked for light, a way out from the blinding darkness. He whispered again, desperately hoping KC would answer. “Where are you?”
Silence.
Tsar felt for the wall to his left, and with his right hand extended, he waved it in front of him. As a blind man, he moved as quickly as he dared when a gentle, small voice came up behind him.
“Heldo”
Obliterating his heartbeat, Tsar jumped from the ground and swiped out violently into the darkness. He choked out the words, “Damnit! I hate this place!”
Unfazed by Tsar’s response, the sweet, small voice continued. “Hi, Lewshun, we are’d waiting.”
I could throat punch this kid right now!
Holding onto the wall as though someone had just released him from a chokehold, Tsar collected himself. He exhaled until his heartbeat returned to a reasonable rhythm. He could control fear before it mounted, but the element of surprise – he had never mastered, if it were even possible to do so.
The boy took the lead, and casually walked forward as though the tunnels were his playground. As they walked, soft lighting came to life before them and in perfect timing. It was motion lighting much like the Bunker, or perhaps a remote lighting system. Either way, the presence of the small boy chased away all the darkness and for that, Tsar was grateful.
The boy stopped and turned to Tsar, seemingly sensing his gratitude. Before Tsar could respond to the boy’s sudden stop, a small hand reached up and touched his own. And with the touch of that small hand, there was a sweltering sensation of unexpected emotion.
Tsar pulled back, knowing that the touching of hands was against protocol. Only the hands of Southside could he touch. He looked at the little guy, something was different. Tsar couldn’t describe it; sort of like looking at a penny from one side and turning it over to the other side. Both sides were different but still – it was the same penny.
Tsar stared long, too long, into the boy’s hypnotic and angelic eyes. The boy stared back with a face so innocent and genuine, Tsar was certain that this boy came from God’s own heavenly dwelling.
With a gentle nod, the boy turned and began their journey once again. After about twenty yards, he stopped, turned, and faced Tsar. “It tis realwee okay, Lewshun. Hearw, take my hand. Dits finawee time.”
“Time for what, kid? And where’s the King?”
Ignoring Tsar’s question, the kid stayed focused. “Yews have to twust me, Lewshun, I know where dat room is yew wanted to see, and I know wheah dat key is to gets in.”
The air halted in his chest. It was a trap. There were no channels on the mountain. KC booked it and only after leading him away from Francine. He shouldn’t have trusted her. He should never trust anyone!
And the tunnels? Suddenly, he wasn’t sure what the difference was. Tunnels… Channels?
The Channels are beneath the Village – yes. The tunnels?
He felt pressure drilling and burrowing inside his head. In near full-blown panic, he pulled his knife from his pocket and snapped it open. Holding it far back and above the boy’s head, Tsar warned, “Stay back! You are all messing inside my head. Back off!”
Unmoved by Tsar’s action, the boy looked at him and narrowed his eyes in an expression of sadness. Nodding his head to reassure him, he promised, “Ita be okay, Lewshun.”
Though Tsar waved a knife, the boy turned his back to him and just continued walking. He left Tsar behind, likely knowing that he would have to follow. There was nothing behind them but a black hole.
Once the boy had reached the door of his intention, he turned again and spoke to Tsar, “No one else is hearw, Lewshun, only me and only yew.”
Tsar looked around. It was all familiar… but not in this life time.
Still holding his knife but relaxing his muscles a bit, he answered, “Sure kid. Then who’s in that room that you have a key to open?” Tsar looked back and forth, up and down the tunnel.
The boy didn’t respond. He just stood staring at Tsar. Tsar watched as his glowing eyes slowly flipped colors like a fluorescent-lit Christmas tree.
“Hey, kid, what’s going on here?” They stood in front of the Records room. It was the same, but it was different. Tsar thrust the palms of his hands into his temples, balancing the knife within his right fingers trying to steady his thoughts. He demanded, “Why is this room accessible, where are the soldiers who were ordered to secure it?”
“Dis is da tunnels, Lewshun. I made em for us. I made em to keep us safe. The bad people made the channels a bad pwace, but I made da tunnels a good pwace. And no bowdy else ever can see dis woom, Lewshun. Deys jus can’t. Only me, and only yews can.”
Tsar was alone with some kid extending a switch blade.
Wow, what a nut case I am.
He snapped his knife shut and exhaled a few times. Easing up on his tone, he spoke to the boy, “Listen, kid, if you can open the door on the other side of this room, the one called King Charles… KC, she thinks there is something in there that might help her friend Francine.”
Without another word, the boy reached up, took Tsar’s hand and turned it over. “It’s white der, Lewshun, yew always haddit.”
Looking at the knife in his hand and seeing the small hand that gripped his own, Tsar felt a whir of emotion with the boys touch.
My knife? My knife is the key?
“Dis is yewer time, Lewshundee Fweemun.”

|XXX|

The blocks, one by one, came into view. The blocks lined up in his mind as rapidly as the boy spoke that name…

L U C I A N D

His mind went from seeing the small, lettered-blocks from the past, to the knife in his hand in the present. Torn between two worlds, not certain if the earlier one existed or was planted. Not sure who to trust, not even sure… who he was.
He felt the boy slip his small hand to sit perfectly on top of his large hand, lightly touching the fatty part of Tsar’s palm. Before Tsar could react, the boy left him with these words… “Bye bye, Lewshundee.”
With his mouth slightly open, Tsar stared after the boy. Those from the Diamond Shelter had all referred to him as Lucian. It seemed as though they were making claim that in another life – Tsar had belonged to Northside and not Southside.
Then what changed?
He took his hand and, as though his thoughts had materialized in the air above him, he swiped them away.
He was left to face what was before him; to find leverage for negotiation that might save Francine Manning or to return and honor his Network allegiance.
Francine or the Network? The Network or Francine?
Strange that he would struggle, strange that he would not.
The Network was the only life he had ever known, and yet, he just met this woman. Chase Manning’s woman. Or maybe he’d known her all his life. He wasn’t sure about anything. If there was anything of importance in that room, locked within a locked room, he would either use it to gain favor with the Network, or he would use it against them. But he’d never know which – until he opened that door.
He reached for the doorknob when the words of the Colonel struck him; “Secure only. Do not engage”.
He hesitated with his hand midair. A fierce struggle for control ensued, sending heated waves throughout his body. And then the image of Francine’s dead-still body left behind in that closet room drowned out the Colonel’s words.
Tsar grappled for the doorknob, turned it and pulled the door open.

|XXX|

Stepping inside the Records and Files room, there were no filing cabinets filled with folders holding birth records. The room was… empty?
Tsar looked to the lower shelves. Nothing. He reached for the higher shelves. He pulled down a sheet. Scribble. He pulled down another sheet, same thing – incomprehensible scribble.
At the back of the room was another door that led to a locked room within a locked room. This room and that door were the same as the other day when he’d been locked for hours or days inside. It was also the same room that the bunk soldiers had occupied earlier, with one of them holding a folder on Lucinda Leigh… but not the same life time.
He looked at the scribbled pictures in his hands. He looked closer.
The same pictures as the other day:



One was a picture with stick figures and the other with a camouflaged face. Without understanding the gibberish, he was pretty certain that Buddy was the artist. He put the pictures back on the shelf and snapped open his pocket knife.
Tsar inserted the pointed end of the knife into the doorknob. A double click sounded as both the door knob and deadbolt released simultaneously. In anticipation, he turned back as though an audience would be there to encourage him. There was no one. Not Buddy, not KC. No one.
He turned the knob and slowly pushed the door open. Candle flames lit up the room. Tsar took a cautious look inside from the threshold from where he stood. He could only see what was straight ahead of him. Inside were about a dozen people having formed a circle, wearing hooded, black robes and droning on in a mysterious language. Their darkened silhouettes were outlined by flickering candle light. They moved in mechanical form. The forms were human but what moved them was not.
His knees melded into liquid as his head tilted slightly back. He looked to the movement directly above him. An unearthly speed of light strobed in and out, as it touched different places on the ceiling. The light revealed small fragments at a time. Tsar could see a giant, abhorrent creature lightly flapping a mass of powerful silky, black wings; six, eight, maybe even twelve. The creature was observing the ritual below, grinding in sickened pleasure.
Unable to move, Tsar watched as the rapid moving light began to shoot into the creatures face and then fade out. In the center of the creature’s face were two eyes with fiery, black-orange pupils. Beneath the pupils were ridges of several lines appearing as black-molten rock.
The smoke from the candles inside the windowless room pooled with the severe oppression. He felt his body sway into unconsciousness. Tsar began to fade into a safe and distant place within his mind.
Inside the room a BOOM sounded, followed with an echo. The obtrusive noise pulled him back into the moment and drew his attention now to the altar.
Terrified, and against his will, he moved forward. His stomach began to churn, burning with its own bitterness. Without moving his head, he cornered his eyes to the right where a mirror hung on the wall and faced the man in the center. The man’s face was carefully concealed with a hood. As Tsar moved deeper into the room, he could see a small boy crouched in between the corner and the Pine Box.
Tsar dared not breathe!
There were no records and no files. Not here. There were only secrets.
The Box of Secrets!

|XXX|

Tsar released the air from his lungs. He breathed out... out... out.
Standing before the circle of mechanical movement, the circle made an opening. Through the opening, Tsar could see that someone lay dead-still on the altar.
Francine?
He’d have to move closer to find out. He didn’t want to move closer. He wanted to turn the other way and RUN!
The chanting reached a full roar. The one in the robe who stood over the altar swept his arms like a giant musician, bringing the chant to a sudden halt.
A woman entered and walked past without noticing him; a scary, old woman. She wore a round necklace that swung from her neck; two birds with one body.
Tsar inched closer to the altar. Inching closer and closer, he focused now only on the altar before him. He remembered her promise – that Francine would be safe where they had left her.
The King. She betrayed us all.
Tsar swept his eyes throughout the room, and settled them on the boy who crouched next to the Box of Secrets.
I protect him. Why? Who is he?
The boy whimpered, but the sound of whimpering got lost in the midst of soulless humans; hellish robots – chanting love songs to the loathsome creature above.
Tsar moved closer to the altar, the utter shock of this room began to replace the fear. He pulled his head up high enough and looked on top of the altar. A small body lay flat on its back, far too small to be Francine.
It isn’t her.
The one that lay on the altar was not a woman but a large doll.
Relieved, he could almost cry for Francine’s sake, if not for his own.
He looked from the altar and back to the robotic figures that seemed to have grown, double and triple his size!
His heart stopped. He swayed. He began to tip. He pulled his hands in front of his face.
…Small hands.

|XXX|

Studying those small hands, Tsar felt gravity abandon him. He slowly floated into the space above. He floated up, yet out of reach of the monster with countless wings. As he floated above the others in the room, his eyes settled on the boy who remained in the corner.
The robots began to hum a tune.
From above, he looked from the boy crouched in the corner and then back to the giant musician. The musician’s face was hidden behind a hood pulled over his head and down over his eyes. In front of the musician was a stool, and on that stool now stood a small boy; the same boy that had led him to this room.
Buddy!
His eyes roamed from the boy in the corner beside the Box of Secrets then back to the boy who stood on the stool.
They were the same – but they were different.

|XXX|

Tsar watched Buddy closely as he stood on the stool. The scary people changed from their eerie humming now to a song, using words he could not understand.
With a sad and tearful face, Buddy looked over at the boy crouched in the corner beside the Pine Box and then lowered his head. He looked now to the doll beneath him. He looked upon the doll with the same sad face as he did with the boy crouched in the corner. He shook his head as tears trickled down his cheeks. He climbed down from the stool. From the center of the room, no one turned, no one seemed to notice.
Gravity returned. Quickly, Tsar dropped back to the floor and came to a stand. As he landed, he met Buddy in the center of the room. Buddy put his hand out. Tsar reached out to Buddy. They held hands like small children for what seemed like an eternity, but lasted only for a moment.
Buddy’s eyes – the color of green. Only green, no diamonds. Green, like Tsar’s own eyes.
Whimpering pitifully with tears flowing down his cheeks, Buddy let go of Tsar’s hand. He hung his head and slowly walked through the only door in the room as the sounds began rising and rising…
Buddy was gone.

|XXX|

The droning turned to full blown chanting as he forced his eyes from the big Box back to the circle of robotic figures. The strobed, shooting light on the ceiling, had reached such a speed that the room turned like a tornado-spinning carousel. Air began to fill his lungs. He clamped his eyes and covered his ears, willing himself to fade away.
Soon he began to shrink into the whirling strobe of white, red, and black evil that the carousel spun. The colors of the room burned into his closed eye lids, blurring and melding together into one colorful mess that faded deep inside his mind. As he folded himself into a mental fetus position, the colors began to glitter more like diamonds with soft, pastel colors and in the shape of small puppies.
A voice inside him echoed her words…

“He’s a throwaway.
But if you look closely, you’ll see yourself in him.”

Tipping forward and backward, backward and forward, he felt dizzy. Straining for balance, he rocked from the balls of his feet to the tips of his toes, trying not to fall. A soured taste felt like cotton in his mouth. Grape juice? He forced his heavy eyelids to open.
Where am I?
A foul and rotten smell immediately sickened him. The thickness of mud, a rotten smell wrapped around his naked body and around his face. Even his hair was matted with the heaviness of it. Turning his short arms and his small hands back and forth, he could see dark stains. The stains looked like brown paint. The paint felt sticky and smelled rotten.
Lying before him was a doll. He tipped again, making him look to his feet. His feet were small feet. Beneath his feet was a... a stool.
He stood in silent horror. Instinctively, he knew not to move, not to speak – not even to breathe!
He didn’t know where he was, how he got there, and he didn’t know… who he was.
He began to lean and almost fall from the stool but caught himself by rocking back and forth on the heels of his feet. He felt a heavy object placed in his hand.
A knife.

|XXX|

First there was a touch to his back and then long arms stretched around his small body and encased him. Super-sized hands gripped his small ones. From the side of his face, a large head appeared, and then moved in close next to his. The large head snuggled up against his cheek. In upward and downward motions, a burly face scratched upon his small and soft face. From behind, rotting breath steamed into a curved angle and, like an evil possession, found its way up his small nose and inside his mouth. Bile filled his throat making him gulp to swallow it back down before he puked.
With a soft and distorted whisper, scratchy words sounded off his tiny cheek, “Just a throwaway boy.”
The other boy that had met him in the center of the room had clutched his hand and then left him.
He left me to do what he could not do. It’s why I’m here.
Behind him, the man who controlled his movements, bellowed at the boy crouched in the corner near the big Box. And like an arrow shooting straight through his gut, the sound of a Baby’s wail pierced his heart.
In horror, he stopped breathing!
Acutely aware of everything and everyone, he watched as the boy that was crouched in the corner rose up and climbed inside that Box.
The giant man behind him snapped his attention back to the doll that lay perfectly still and perfectly beautiful on the table below. She was dressed in a fresh, snow-white dress to her ankles with layers of ruffles and lace.
The giant man spoke strange and scary words. The people across from the table lifted up their hands and took hands with those next to them. Without daring to look into their faces, he noticed the hands of the two directly in front of him. They wore matching rings. A red letter Z lay opposite of another red letter Z beneath it. Small, shiny stones circled the letters.
He turned his focus now only to the beautiful doll on the table. He didn’t know much, but he knew why he was created.
The eyes began to flutter on the beautiful doll. The doll was alive!
He sucked in his breath and held it. Her eyes slowly opened, and her tiny face softened as she tried to hold open hazel eyes. She smiled a little like she knew him. And maybe he should know her, too, but he didn’t.
Her words were slurred and gentle. She slowly spoke the word Casey, KC, or was it Chasee?
The large hands gripped his tiny hands; now both sets of hands held tight the knife. The man behind him nudged his hands to rise. And with putrid breath, the man whispered…

“You start and I’ll finish.”

The little girl looked above him, to the giant man. She began to squirm, but she was weak. She looked from the giant man back to the small boy encased in his arms.
Forever – or maybe just for a second – they looked at one another. He could see her fear. She could see his. Her face grimaced in terror and her mouth fell open.
A whisper from within caused everyone and everything around him to go into stasis, everyone – but him.

|XXX|

“Lucian... Tsar. Look up! See what they make us do. Look up now so you will know the truth.”
He would not look up. He could not. Instead of looking up into the mirror at the man who stood above him, he turned to the Box. The Box where the boy had climbed inside.
Everything that happened here was to be buried there – forever.
The Box of Secrets!



Chapter 83

|XOX|

Flaming orange and yellow hues spewed from a cabin below. The brightened hues forced back the dark forest of black shadows pressing in.
Under the blood-drip moon, her spirit floated weightlessly above treetops and above the black shadows… searching.
Sleek movement rippled throughout the earth below.
Gliding the air above, she dipped to about a man’s height from the surface. Swallowed in the dark forest were black winged creatures, tripling the height of the largest humans. Multiple heads were upon each creature. Their heads shifted back and forth in sync with a fluttering motion throughout their entire forms, the fluttering motion was even upon their wings. Wings lapped upon wings. Their long and powerful arms, ill-proportioned to their bodies; attach to hands with talons, each talon as long as a man’s foot. They wrap their silky-oiled forms to the trees, grinding into them.
A small path separated the blackened forest below. Someone was running the path, running toward the cabin where the colorful hues pushed back the darkness. Feeling the pounding of each footstep, her floating spirit sought the one running below. She willed her mind and spirit back inside her body.
Now one with the runner, she felt her heart beat pounding in unity with each step – running fast in the direction of the light-filled cabin. Running close to the slithery, black creatures, she could hear the fluttering motion like a swarm of locust – but was not.
The fluttering sound was a hunt of countless black eyes!



Chapter 84

|XXX|

Tsar looked up. There was no mirror with a hooded man whose stench was that of a dead man. No. There was only a bare wall in front of him. No people, no burning candles, no EnokKim, no Pine Box, no altar, and no small boy who looked just like him crouched in fear.
He inhaled deeply, now free of the stench of a drunken man’s breath gagging him. Slowly he exhaled, letting his hands touch the cool surface of the cement floor beneath him. Planting the palms of his hands firmly to the cement floor would help his mind from spinning to places he didn’t want to be.
A familiar fragrance continued to ground him. Francine. He sighed with relief.
We’re both alive. We still have a chance to survive. Not much, but a little.
He pushed away the panic of the Double-Locked room, putting those sickening memories back into their place. He accepted it as the truth, simply because it was.
It was the first truth.
The Colonel wanting Tsar to get close to Manning was as much to see if the System, particularly Northside, was still accessible and still had a secret trail to the truth – Lucian’s first truth.
Turning his attention to Francine, he gently lifted her head. Removing his jersey from beneath, he spread it over her upper body. He slid himself under her, resting her head onto his thigh. Somehow, and for no reason he could think of, touching her seemed natural now. Perhaps it was simply learning his first truth that somehow redeemed at least part of him.
KC was not in the sacrificial room with him, and yet he’d heard her voice. She had wanted him to know the truth – all of it. She whispered for him to look up, and for the first time he could remember, she called him by his Network name; Tsar.
Leader.
Operation Memories may have been the Colonel’s assignment, but Northside directed the outcome.
The Colonel was not as strong as he once was.
Manning had discovered his truth and so did Tsar. The truth did not send Chase Manning into mental oblivion, but instead to surrender; surrendering, to protect his wife.
Tenderly, Tsar touched Francine’s forehead and swept the hair from her face. He whispered to her in his native tongue, “Don’t give up, little one.”
The rhythm of her breathing shifted. He sensed that she was either fighting for consciousness or dreaming while she was trapped within the tranquilizers. Like he, himself, had been so many times before, she was able to process minimal external activity. She would be aware enough to sense the real dangers pressing in on them.
Taking a deep breath he wondered what to say, if anything, that might calm her. He knew it wouldn’t be long before they came to inject her again. He remembered then – her God. He searched his mind for a tune that would comfort her.
And without effort, it came to him. Tsar began to whistle the tune to Amazing Grace.
As he hummed, she settled into a comfortable breathing rhythm.
Stroking her hair as he comforted Francine, he heard someone step into the room.

|XXX|

Not wanting to disturb Francine, Tsar nodded his acknowledgement but remained seated. KC walked next to him, and with her back to the cement wall, she slid down until she was seated close beside him.
Neither spoke. Things were clearer now. Having experienced the Double-Locked room, Tsar understood now that it was a place where Francine could not go.
As he completed his whistling tune of Amazing Grace, he felt KC’s head tap the side of his. Battle buddies. They’d both fought to survive the same battle, but from different positions.
From the first day that he’d seen KC at the Old Orphanage, she’d used his own methods to relate to him. Northside had won him over; clever enough to meet him at the right time, in the right place, at his own level, and ultimately defeat him with his own truth.
The birth certificates – Lucinda Leigh.
The small child, the doll in the white, ruffled dress was Lucinda Leigh – Chase Manning’s sister. The same little girl in the picture he’d found in the wallet. And who was Chase Manning? Chase Freeman? And who was Mitchell Freeman? Did he really die in a fire?
And just who the hell am I?
Sensing his tumultuous thoughts she whispered gently like a sister would, “Let it go for now, Lucian. Later when we find more solid ground, we’ll try to put the pieces back together. As we accept who we are, I think the truth will find us. Me and N have never had access to the Double-Locked room. All we knew was that what made you the person you are today – happened in that room. We assumed that, like with the Record and Files room, you would find written files. We’ve been wrong more times than we’ve been right so far.”
“Who are you, King Charles? Or is it just KC?”
She tapped her head into his again. “You really are stupid aren’t you?”
An unexpected chuckle this time, mixed with some raw emotion, choked out as he said, “I am. Some five year old angelic kid just changed my world. And I let him. What a bloody moron, eh?”
She snorted, but this time, she didn’t argue.
“Who is Francine Manning to you?”
She turned to meet his eyes briefly and then to Francine. “She was my first assignment. Believe it or not, from her grandmother; the first and only genuine person I’ve ever met besides Francine herself. I made a promise to Francine’s grandmother when I was about nine or ten. When Janice Manning and Ronald Fitz noticed how protective I was of Francine, she became their target to gain ultimate control over us.”
“Francine Manning… she’s your Fancy?”
She smiled at his ignorance. “You really do need me, Lucian.”
With a bit of a smirk, Tsar bounced his head in agreement.
“Remember that night, the night before they shipped us out of the Village when we were kids? The night that Francine snuck out and walked with Chase to the Old Orphanage, do you remember?”
Tsar did remember. He remembered the night when the young foreign girl dared to make entry into their world… the night when the demons dared not even challenge her. She was steadfast, she was bold. 
She was beautiful!
KC wasn’t expecting a response as she continued, “The entire System was in chaos because we knew that the days to come would be nothing like the days that had been, no, they would be so much more painful. The chaos sent the entire System into a bit of a bloody melt down. With all the confusion, Chase stepped inside the entryway and he just froze. You slipped out. You came face to face with her. We watched you from the background. While Chase froze that night, you melted at the sight of Francine. We knew then, those of us from Northside, we knew then…that you would love her too.”
Tsar pursed his lips, and with a somber nod he lightly shook his head in astonishment. 
“So… Lucian… because of Francine and her grandmother’s love, I’ve been able to maintain some distance from the Network, barely. They were unable to turn me into a complete loyal dog as most members are. Love is absent in the Network circle, but when present, love can do some crazy and powerful things.”
They both took a few moments in silence before Tsar asked her, “They used Francine to force you into prostitution?”
“No. You know as well as I do that Throwaway’s are used as prostitutes from birth. And yes, they reinforced my skills to their advantage as I got older. They used Francine, in part, as leverage. But it was much bigger than that for me and a lotta other kids. They make a fortune from child prostitution and pornography. Unlike Fox who used Network resources, Fitz and Janice made their own resources. But they don’t report it to the Network. It would likely be considered a ‘conflict of interest’ and certainly competition. I don’t think the Regionals would like it if, or when, they find out.”
Tsar raised his eyebrows. “A bit of leverage yourself, eh?”
Her eyes danced about as she nodded her head in one slow affirmative motion. She came to her feet and stood above him.
KC had a bit more leverage up her sleeve for certain.

|XXX|

Tsar turned his attention back to Francine as KC moved throughout the closet-sized room, plotting. He began to hum again, the hymn of Amazing Grace, as he stroked Francine’s hair and gently touched her face. He looked from KC to Francine then back again. He settled his eyes on Francine… 
I hope she can save you with whatever it is that she’s plotting.



Chapter 85

|XOX|

Frankie was barely conscious. She felt a touch on her face. A kiss?
Reaching out, nothing moved. Her brain told her leg to move, to roll into a kneeling position, instead her legs lay motionless. Able to feel the hard surface beneath her, brought some relief that she could feel anything at all. She had fallen asleep on a floor but where, in the cabin?
A brightly lit cabin had lured her deep into the woods. She had watched herself from above, running on the ground through the forest alone. Slithery, black, monstrous creatures clung to trees.
Where was Chase?
She tried to grab passing thoughts and hold onto them. Her mind riddled and mingled with confusion and fear – a nightmare.
That’s it. A nightmare.
That’s all it was. She was safe.
His natural musk, she could smell him. Yes. He was there sitting on the floor with his back up against the couch. She lay on his lap.
Her mind slipping in and out, blended with images of glowing cabins, demonic creatures, bon fires, and a whistling tune to a song she loved.
Which song?
She could feel him as he stroked her hair. That was his hand, his gentle touch. Feeling the heaviness of sleep, she heard him whisper softly in German. Her brain willed her to move off the floor and up to the couch, because it hurt on the hard floor when she remembered the song. A beautiful song.
“Amazing Grace… how sweet the sound.”
The tune gentle, comforting, soft. Strange, familiar, and soft.
Soft? Yes. Soft like my pillow. Soft like my couch.
Frankie slipped off into the soft and comforting folds of the drug-induced slumber once again.



Chapter 86

|XXX|

Tsar stopped his humming as KC planted herself on the concrete floor directly across from him.
He glanced down at Francine and then turned his head back to KC. “Do you have enough leverage to pull this off?”
“No.”
Tsar lowered his head in frustration and also in admiration of her honesty. “Then what the hell’re we doing?”
She pointed her finger at his head, “I don’t know what you’re doing, but I’m doing what I’ve always done.” She lowered her aim now at Francine, “Protecting her.”
“Really? The ole lady had that much influence on you?”
She stretched her face at him, “Don’t call Francine’s grandmother that. Save that bloody language for Janice. And yes she did – because I’m still trying to keep my promise.” Dipping her head, she confessed, “Though I must say – Ms. Fancy’s always been high maintenance.”
Tsar nodded in agreement as KC locked her stare on Francine. “Buddy is smitten with her.” Hesitating for a moment, she looked up at Tsar, “Just as you are smitten with her.”
“Buddy? Inside the Double-Locked room, his eyes were only green, green like mine and not the diamond-like eyes from when I’d seen him inside the Old Orphanage earlier. But definitely the same kid.”
KC raised her eyebrows in question herself. “His beautiful, diamond-sparkling eyes may represent certain eras within the timeline of the System. Honestly, none of us think much of it. I imagine a newcomer sees things we’ve gotten used to over the years.”
“He is the mover of the System, Buddy. I would’ve thought that you were but it’s not you is it? Buddy is the mover.”
KC smiled rather proudly. “It appears so. Whoever protects the history, has the influence to direct the future. Me and N were focused on finding and securing a key to the Double-Locked room where we thought your original files were located. But Buddy was the only one in the System who understood the timing dynamics. Me and N had no idea that there were no records and files in there but instead, that you would actually experience it. But Buddy knew. And he knew you needed to experience it to understand it.” She cleared her throat and finished, “You survived all that horror as a young child, not once, but twice. You are strong, Lucian.”
Whoa! Finally. A compliment from the King.
Tsar smirked, “Like the rest of you, it appears that my strength comes from Francine, the desire to protect her.”
KC nodded with light laughter. “She bewitches us all. Her loyalty. Her fierceness. Her love.”
KC stood up and walked to the small glass window peering to her left where Gloves, no doubt, remained vigil.

|XXX|

Walking away from the window, KC turned to Tsar and said, “Southside and the Network may have their own self-destruct programming, but Northside has more control on System events.”
Tsar squirmed some from his seated position but refused to move for Francine’s sake. “I can’t argue with that.”
KC nodded with a look of satisfaction. “We allow Southside to move forward in participation of the Network’s agenda so that as a System we survive but only if Francine is protected, even if only from a distance. Otherwise, we will bloody destroy the entire System – both sides; North and South. For that, there is no negotiation.”
“You would kill all of us?”
Without any hesitation, KC responded, “Yes. And we have the means to do it. Just like how we took down the Colonel. Just like everything else that has happened since I first paid homage to you.”
Tsar would’ve laughed in her face a week ago, and now he felt like he should salute her.
“I knew the only way to keep Francine safe was to get Manning to cooperate before you went to irreversible measures to force him to. Northside agrees that Manning doesn’t have what it takes to survive as the Network activates on the worlds stage. He doesn’t have your skills for the days ahead, he had his role and now – you have yours.”
Tsar concluded to himself that Manning had become a thorn even to Northside. “So where does Manning come into all of this? Why would you let him marry Francine? Had he not – this evil would not be slow-dancing with her life as we speak.”
“It wasn’t our idea. When we introduced Chase to Francine’s grandmother, his position was to bring some balance to the System. The rest he did on his own. Bloody hell, we were young kids! We didn’t know what we were doing or that Chase would become so dependent upon Francine and her grandmother.”
KC fell silent as the vibration of footsteps headed their way.

|XXX|

Next to the door, KC stood like a shadow painted into the wall as one of the members came and peered inside the small window, rapped on it, and then left. She waited until she was certain it was safe. Then she slid down the wall and sat silently on the floor facing him. She had her knees drawn up and her wrists resting upon them. Tsar turned to Francine and began again to stroke gently the side of her face.
Her breathing relaxed again, but the tranqs’ were wearing off. Part of him wanted her sedated, and another part wanted her to stand with him and to fight!
KC felt safe enough to let down her guard as she shared some of Northside’s burden – after decades of carrying it. They both knew that what was to come would never turn out the way they hoped or the way that they planned. Not now and not here. Outside the walls, humans paced without humanity. He knows. He’s one of them.
He had never seen the Network from this perspective. He’d always seen it as the only true way. From the moment he’d touched the love of Francine Manning, even if it was stolen and meant for another, his entire life’s purpose had come into question.
He sighed with disgust, considering he dwelt as much in self-denial as Chase Manning, only differently.
KC got up and paced about the small area again. Both were waiting for the Network to make their move. He watched KC pace and silently wondered if she was the little Lucinda all grown up. She looked much like Janice Manning only younger.
But Lucinda is dead, isn’t she?
The Network had raped their bodies and their minds all of their lives…
The truth is a lie and a lie is the truth. Life is death. Death is life. Nothing is everything and everything is nothing. Hot is cold, round is square, up is down. Numbers and codes, codes and numbers…
KC snapped at him, “Stop it, Lucian!”
Tsar hadn’t realized that he was saying these things out loud. Maybe he wasn’t. He nodded in compliance and decided it might be best to think out loud so as not to go crazy waiting.
“What did the Senator mean when he said there were a few bugs to work out?”
She raised her eyebrows and responded, “I am a rogue of sorts, working outside of programming protocol. The Senator wants me under a handler’s control and not working independently. Colonel Manning had been so focused on being a sensational handler that he ignored certain details at times. He didn’t notice when I pulled away, as I was shrewd in how well I worked with you in the background. And let’s face it, I’m pretty damn clever.”
Tsar gave a light chuckle, “Of course, King Wonder, the backbone and brains of the System as you put it.”
“That’s right. Glad you finally get it. Every System needs one Leader, otherwise struggle for executive control will make the System unstable. Colonel Manning was an unskilled programmer trying new things. He didn’t even notice that I’d pulled away and protected you from the background. When situations called for it, I intercepted so that we would succeed. I also added to the System in other ways.”
“Like what?”
“I have worked the political spectrum mostly prostitution, blackmail, the usual, since I was about ten. Around the age of sixteen, I trained myself to see things most slaves in my position would not see, because most just hoped to survive. I figured if I could prove myself more useful than most slaves, it would bring privileges, and in some ways it did, because we all survived, including Francine. I went over and above my assignments and started studying my targets. A good example is Fox. Fox was an assignment not just given; he was an assignment that I had earned.”
Tsar encouraged her to continue. “Really? How so?”
“Not only did we survive D.C., but when I left the room that day, I took with me pictures of the man’s appointment book. Every page of it. What I discovered in his appointment book were the usual. But, in my free time, I researched the information, the dates, locations, and people. I brought information to the table for my superiors that earned me privileges. The information was far more than what an average throwaway would normally extract, because the information that I brought was far more valuable to them then just simply blackmailing a pervert. I would report back a pyramid of useful details on my subjects that led to multiple Network uses. The information would span years to come and ultimately result in the return of millions, maybe even billions, of dollars to the Network. So with that, I earned my way to the Regional level, not a leadership level but a higher level than local. And as far as the System, my purpose had never been to control the System, only to protect the System. And that’s who I am.” KC threw out her hands in a grandiose manner.
Tsar only smirked.
“My goals have been consistent, Lucian; to protect the System and to protect Francine. I involved myself enough so that when the day came that we would need leverage, like we do now, we would have it. Whether or not this plan actually works – begs to be seen.”
Tsar remembered how her first plan with the sweatshirt ended up. William Ked became victim. He hoped for all their sakes, this plan fared better.
“Why did the Colonel team us up? It seemed to backfire, and he didn’t even know it.”
“Colonel Manning teamed us up as young adults for stability. Having worked me at the Lodge meetings as a child, he believed that you would function more completely if he could utilize my advanced and more… mature skills. But it didn’t work out like he’d planned, we all had our places within the System. I knew it. He didn’t. He wasn’t as smart as he thought he was.”
Tsar remembered the white glove and the Colonel saying, “And the two shall become one.”
“Our team worked for a while Lucian, but you froze up that day in D.C.. I’d done my homework on the assignment prior to the D.C. engagement. You were brave and you were strong but you weren’t smart.” She turned her nose down at Tsar and finished, “Not like me. I also knew how the System worked, even better than Colonel Manning.”
Tsar shook his head at her arrogance, although he knew she spoke the truth.
“Listen. What Colonel Manning did not understand, the Senator likely does. But the Senator doesn’t understand the most effective way for us to work together, not like I do. Every System is unique, and there is not a one-size-fits-all. You need my skills, I need your strength. There are times when we work strong as a team, and there are times when we work better as buffers. But in the end, every tribe has only one chief. I can’t explain it any better than that. All of the System has acknowledged you as the Leader, even Manning. It’s time for you not to just see it in your future – but to accept your lead position… here and now.”
Uncertain how to respond to the measure of trust placed upon him from the entire Northside, he raised his eyebrows in question. “How’d I get separated from Northside, and where’d my name come from?”
“You don’t remember, but for a few days after that horrible night many years ago, we kept you with us. We hid you from them, from the handlers, and Colonel Harrison Manning. While you were with us, you never spoke to anyone. You sat with Buddy and the broken children in the basement. They shared their blocks with you.”
In Tsar’s mind, the blocks lined up…

L U C I N D A

Small hands repositioned the blocks…

L U C I A N D

“I was like four or five, how did I know how to spell anyone’s name especially if I didn’t even speak.”
“It’s the bloodline. Good gene pool. You’d never know it with Janice Manning especially, but between her and Freeman, the mixing and matching, comes just under royal genes. We are not only a superior race but… an intelligent race.”
Tsar harrumphed at her impressive statement. “So I took my name from the little girl, Chase Manning’s sister?”
KC planted herself on the floor across from him once again, “Yes, we believe it was your way of trying to keep her alive. You had a sketchy awareness about everything from the moment you arrived. The entire System was young then, and to the rest of us, few things made sense. But Buddy kept the records all through the years, securing them from the enemies and keeping them to protect our true identity.”
“How’d we get separated then, why wasn’t I kept at Northside?”
KC turned away and seemed to look through the wall in front of her. “Colonel Manning had coded you a ‘slate.’ As soon as he gave the signal, you were gone. We were all so young and helpless. They erased your memories and tucked you away inside the System for a decade before calling you out to serve.”
“You mean they tucked me inside the Box of Secrets? They used that as a base part of my programming?”
“The Box of Secrets, the Pine Box, the Coffin – it was a part of the initial programming to bury their dirty secrets. They taught us this by locking us in the Box. Or they would force us to watch others be tortured and put in the Box. To survive, we learned to mentally bury all the secrets in the Pine Box. When you went into abreaction-mode a few days ago, it was because you were beginning to get close to the truth and acknowledge it instead of burying it. And that you were defying the orders of the Network by keeping secrets from them; like not reporting what we knew about the SD card. You were interfering with internal programming. Make no mistake, it’s dangerous. And that’s why you must stand firm within your new role, as the executive power begins to shift.”
Tsar questioned, “But it’s a planned shift by Network programming.”
“Sorta. It’s more like a revised planned shift, thanks to our covert operative; a combination of System cooperation from both Northside and yourself – in conjunction with Network programming.”
“The operative being Buddy?”
“Yes, he had his own System of Records and Files, an accounting of decades including all System activities. And he controlled who had access to them and when.”
“Strange. The Colonel said Northside had been snuffed out decades ago. But if they are System, the rule applied to them as well. Why would he lie?”
“It’s obvious you bloody fool! They feared we would team up just as we have. Southside was established when we were in our teens by the master mind, Colonel Harrison Manning, himself. They grouped us. They institutionalized the weaker ones and took the stronger ones as slaves. The programmers, including Colonel Harrison Manning, assumed that their fear-programming would keep all of the Northside terrified of Southside, forcing Northside into hiding.”
Tsar nodded his head up and down, “You. You were the bridge. A double agent.”
KC smiled. “I like to think of myself as more of a buffer. A protective buffer. I started by protecting the System from the bloody Colonel Harrison Manning! He was far more cruel than Janice and Fitz combined. I’m glad he’s dead.”
“Dead?”
“Yes. Dead.”
“The Colonel’s in lockdown, you just said so yourself.”
“That’s your Colonel, Lucian. That man is not Colonel Harrison Manning. Don’t try to figure it all out; it’ll come in the days ahead when you are ready to accept the truth.”
Tsar grimaced. KC was speaking in riddles. “So then, what about Hunter Freeman? What do we need to figure out about him? I’d hoped to find something in that Double-Locked room that I could use against him as leverage with the Network. There was nothing. How’d you learn about him? I didn’t see any mention of Manning’s true paternity in the Records and Files, only the name difference; Freeman.”
“It wasn’t recorded. It’s something that Northside has always known and it came from the second born.”
“First born… second born... Okay, so Buddy is the second born. What does that even mean, woman?”
KC stood. “What it means is that you have a lot to learn about Northside and where it is… that you came from. She walked over to the small window and looked out once again where Gloves maintained his vigil.

|XXX|

KC nodded at Tsar to confirm that Gloves still maintained his position.
She returned to her pacing, “You know for all these years, I’ve watched over her; protecting her – even from a distance. It’s also why I sedate her on specific nights; it’s to protect her from waking up and interfering.”
“I am such a fool! I should’ve sedated her with a needle as soon as the tea situation didn’t make sense.”
With the nod of a disappointed trainer, she responded, “Yes, you should have sedated her, Lucian.”
KC let her back slide down the wall opposite of him, as she faced him once again. She watched him as he tried to comfort Francine as her struggle became even more apparent. KC drew her knees up and laid her arms across them, then rested her head. Francine’s struggle was unbearable for them both.
Francine began to twitch.
Tsar looked to KC; they mirrored one another’s concern. KC, the most fierce woman he’d ever met who fought, not for her own survival, but for a shelter of broken children, and some little Village girl, because of a promise she’d made to an old lady. The King truly was noble.
Stroking Francine’s cheek as he hummed again the tune of Amazing Grace, Francine settled back down. Drugs affect people differently, and Tsar wasn’t sure just how aware Francine was at this moment.
KC waited for him to finish his tune when she said, “You do realize that it isn’t just the human factor here that we war with. You know... ‘IT.’”
Tsar squinted in confusion.
KC continued to urge him, “You know… ‘IT’? Just before Manning surrendered, ‘IT’… appeared to be all powerful.”
Not daring to call ‘IT’ by name, KC persisted, “I believe it had something to do with Chase when he took a knee and confessed the Alpha and Omega just before he surrendered. It was then that the bloody oppression all around us lifted. I don’t understand it all myself, but that’s how it seemed to me.”
Tsar pulled his head back and silently considered the tune that he’d been humming, as well as, what KC had just said.
Hmm? Maybe. EnokKim is real. Why not God and His Christ?
She nodded at Francine. “For now, let’s center our attention on any chance we may have to get her to safety. Because while you are with me right now,” she turned and looked to the small rectangular window and shook her head before finishing, “you still belong to them. And it will be a struggle when push comes to shove.”
Tsar remembered Butterfly. KC could be right. Perhaps he could not be trusted with the Network programming so deeply imbedded in his mind. Although Francine was safe from him, they had ways to work around it all. He knew. They had done to him in the past, and he had done it to others.
He tossed a glance at Francine and then turned to KC. “It sounds like she never saw anyone when she rushed in here tonight as the members were all robed and hooded. They tranq’d her immediately. Maybe they’ll consider letting her go?”
“No.” Pausing and with a troubled expression, KC studied him, then Francine, and looked back to search his face as she continued. “She’s seen too much just coming to this ritual site with all the bloody dead goats strung up and bleeding out. And then there’s also the Miller boy. To top it off, the phone call earlier when we were in the safe room? Janice Manning. She confirmed that Francine Alexandra Manning is the sole heir of the Resort including the Hotel.”
Tsar let out a disgusted sarcastic chuckle. “You kiddin’ me?”
“Nope. They would’ve gotten it one way or the other, but now, it’ll be free and less hassle with the legal issues.”
KC turned away and looked to the small window once again, leaving Tsar to chew on that bit of new information.
Trafficking throughout the Village and utilizing the channels connecting the Hotel was a bit of a reward after all Francine and Miller had put the Network through tonight. With Francine out of the way and me replacing Chase Manning, the Network just inherited the Hotel… indirectly.
Tsar let his head fall back to the cement wall with a light bounce.

|XXX|

After what was seconds or minutes, Tsar pulled his head back up as he felt vibrations from outside.
KC shifted her head to the sound as well.
They both stared wide-eyed at one another.
This is it.
The door leading in from outside the building closed, and someone stepped into the hall which led to their makeshift prison room. One set of footsteps. Long, slow footsteps headed in their direction.
“We have little chance of all getting out of this alive. I’ve taken proactive measures where possible.” She pointed to his sweatshirt that lay upon Francine’s upper body. “You need to wear your jersey. Keep it on at all times.”
He opened his mouth to question her, but immediately she put her hand out to shush him. She tilted her head, lifted her eyebrows reinforcing the command.
Tsar moved only his lips, “What can we do?”
KC let the question hang between them when she bounced up from the floor. She in turn, only moved her lips when she responded to him using his own question… “What can we do?”
Tsar turned in the direction of the small window. Only a few footsteps left until someone opened the door. He looked to Francine then back to KC. He clamped his eyes tight putting his emotions in place. He felt KC move across the floor to the tunnel exit.
She has to have a promising strategy; it’s why she’s risked so much.
Tsar opened his eyes and looked to KC who now stood in the threshold. She whispered her parting words…
“Get ready, Tsar. This is it.”



Chapter 87

|XXX|

“Tttsssaaarrr” echoed inside the small room as someone came to a halt on the other side of the door.
Leader.
KC trusted him to lead in the battle to come. They all did. Even Manning. And now they counted on him, to save her.
Francine’s head twitched slightly in a downward motion repeatedly, just as a face filled the small window in the door. Tsar smoothed the tense muscles in her forehead, certain that she sensed the imminent threats all around them.
I don’t know if I can do it alone. Damn it. I’ll need you, KC.
Tsar felt that same emptiness that he’d felt as a young man when she’d pulled away.
The door opened from the outer hallway. The Senator filled the doorway and braced his hands to the frame as he leaned in through the threshold. He addressed Tsar with his usual tone and mannerism. “Hello, son. We have ourselves one hell of a predicament here, now don’t we?”
Tsar responded in kind, “Yes, sir. Forgive me for not standing in your presence.”
The Senator waved it off appearing as a concerned uncle, and then wiped his mouth. “We have a few ways we might be able to still help each other now. You ‘n me that is. I’m gonna send the boys in. Gonna round you up in a bit. You’ll have to leave the little lady here and take your place with us shortly.”
Tsar drew his lips in a thin line, flared his nostrils, and dipped his head.
I am a man without options.
Tsar’s feet began to tingle having sat in one position for too long, his lower extremities going numb. Not wanting to appear to move in an aggressive manner, he asked, “Sir, may I stand?”
“Well, of course you can. Please do. And I do apologize for keeping you and the lovely young lady for so long. It’s been a tryin’ night.”
Tsar nodded, “Thank you, sir.”
The Senator saluted Tsar. The Network salute. Then he emptied the doorway.

|XXX|

Whistling to his own tune, the Senator walked in the outer hallway moving towards the opposite end of which he’d entered as Tsar adjusted Francine.
KC had said for him to wear the jersey. Without understanding its relevance at this point, he would comply. He looked about the room knowing there was nothing for a make-shift pillow for Francine. With nothing in sight, he lifted her head and scooted out from underneath her. Taking the hood of her sweatshirt long ways, he smoothed it out and folded it once. Then he added her face mask and even the black bag. He gently laid her head back down, cushioning the side of her head just enough to keep it from directly touching the floor, barely. His jersey still covered her upperbody.
Pushing himself up with his arms, he came to a standing position. Within seconds, his legs protested with the feel of a billion barbs slowly moving through his blood stream at once, stinging and needling everything in their path. Tsar steadied himself against the wall with his hand. Squatting a few times, he shook out each leg. The blood was moving again; the barbs began to move more rapidly, sending a rush of force up and down his legs. The raw sensation he could ignore, but he needed to be able to hold his own weight.
Rolling his body to the left, he placed both hands on the wall. He stood directly over Francine, keeping his hands in plain view, should the Senator return or just walk by.
Francine twitched her hand.
Tsar shook his head with fury.
What have you done, Manning?
Tsar watched as her near-lifeless body tried to communicate. He let his head fall into the cement wall. “Tut mir Leid Francine. Dein Gott möge dich beschützen.”
Surprising himself, he choked back a sob as he felt a burn in his throat. He was torn between nobility and power for the first time in his life.
Since his earliest memory, Tsar had learned obedience in the chain of command. His submission to both the Senator and to the Colonel was solid within that chain of command. KC was right, when push comes to shove… And with this admission, regret sunk deep within.
All that he’d ever worked for, survived for… was gone. The power to have men under his command and to be a part of the world’s largest movement in all of history was equal to none. He could never go back, and yet a part of him would grieve a life time for the power and participation that he had just lost.
But… if they sent me back to the Training Center, I could be redeemed. Start fresh somewhere else and likely remember none of this.
He looked down at Francine.
I doubt that.
They could erase a lot of memories in the mind and control their subjects with fear and pain. Yet as powerful as they were, they were still limited.
Chase Manning may have been a master of denial, but somewhere inside, he knew how dangerous it was for Francine if he were to marry her. Still, he did. Now, here again two decades later, Tsar was left holding the symbolic knife.
If this God is real, Francine, now is a good time to reveal Himself.
KC had shown Tsar another side to the choices that Manning had made. But the truth remained – he was a coward, leaving the rest of them to clean up his mess. Manning wasn’t all noble and certainly not all selfless. He’d made the mess of marrying an innocent young girl, and now Tsar was left to deal with it.
Tsar checked his surroundings. He didn’t have much to work with. The door that KC had left through wasn’t a place that he could take Francine. The only way out – was through. Through the same door that the Senator had just stood in, and beyond that door sat Gloves, and surrounding the entire perimeter was… the Network.
He looked at Francine.
You wouldn’t have stood a chance if it were Manning here with you right now.
Tsar could still cut Manning’s heart out with a spoon for leaving him in this impossible situation.
But he loved you enough to walk away, because he didn’t know their ways. I do.
Knowing their ways brought Tsar no comfort with what would come next. Her chance of survival was less than one percent.
He shook his head in resolution.
The only way out now – is through.
From the doorway, the Senator cleared his throat.

|XXX|

Standing straight, Tsar turned back to face the Senator and let his hands relax to his side as he confessed, “Es ist Zeit.”
The Senator looked pleased to have him at attention. “Indeed. It is time, comrade.”
“Let me prepare you before we go before the others. You may, or may not, be aware that the good fortune of the young missus here makes her the proud, new sole owner of the Resort. It appears that her rightful granddaddy on her daddy’s side left it all to her. And you – knowing what you know – know that we would like to have open and non-restricted access to the Hotel as our team begins a trial basis of sister operations to the Phoenix Center.”
Tsar kept his confusion in check.
Her granddaddy? The owner of the Resort? So that’s why she’s the sole heir.
Tsar had considered it to be an extremely generous gift for her and her grandmother’s employment through all the years when KC had first told him. With no expression, he nodded in compliance to assure the Senator, that he was cooperative.
Scratching his head, the Senator stood blocking the door, pointing down at Francine as he chuckled. “Funny how genes run in a circle. Some might say it’s just damn bad luck, I dunno.”
Tsar held his words and kept his eyes focused. The Senator was smooth with his seemingly non-threatening threats. He wasn’t just speaking of Francine’s genes but Tsar’s as well. The elders would know who fathered him but…
Do they know that the man who fathered me, Hunter Freeman, is still alive and a part of the Network resistance? …I don’t think so.
The Senator still speaking, “And then there’s also the case of the missing SD card. I understand that somehow it got into the hands of a James Hunter in Philadelphia. The membership would like to discuss this with you.”
Tsar nodded. “Yes, sir. I’ll share what I know. Also there was a full report filed earlier with the Regionals.”
“Yes, a report was filed just today, but we do have concerns. Some of which a reporter informed us that you’ve been keeping internal secrets from us. This has caused a trigger of some of your most basic programming. Not to worry, son. When we get this mess all sorted out, we’ll take care of it for you. Get all the bugs worked out ‘n all.”
The Colonel reported me to the Senator.
Tsar remained expressionless.
Smiling down at Francine first, then back to Tsar, the Senator warned, “There’re ways to die, and then there are ways to die, son.” Tapping his temple as though searching his memory, he said in a patronizing manner, “You remember our Mr. Fox, hmm?”
Tsar’s jaw flexed. The Senator’s message was loud and clear.
“Now then. I’ll be sending in the boys shortly. They’ll transport you to the Sr. Command Center where the members will be waiting in the Court Room. It would please me that we do this the easy way. I’ll expect no resistance, son. Understood?”
Narrowing his eyes, his lips drawn into a thin line, Tsar dipped his head. “Yes, sir.” Tsar actually felt a bit of relief. The Court Room was in the Sr. Command Center. That place didn’t have the unseen forces that this site presented, being one of the oldest satanic ritual sites in New England. Still the forces would be present. EnokKim, never far away.
“Very good then. We’ll see you in the Court Room.”
The Senator looked at Francine one last time before leaving.
“Now don’t you worry none. She’ll be fine right here. It’s too bad that bad-luck found her on the trail that day to find the SD card. Let’s get this all figured out, the legalities of the Hotel ownership ‘n all. Then we’ll discuss your options.” The Senator hesitated and then nodded to Francine, “and her options.”
As he walked out, he shouted over his shoulder reminding Tsar, “No resistance, son, do not try my patience.” The Senator walked through the door, making his way down the hall at his own leisure.
Tsar reached down and gently pulled the jersey from Francine’s upper body. He pulled it over his head and filled the sleeves with his arms. Again, the weight of it puzzled him. He snickered, “Hah. This isn’t even my sweatshirt, it’s an imitation.”
The irony made him grin as he looked to the door where the Senator had just left. Being submissive before the Senator or the Colonel was an absolute. But a different set of rules kicked in for anyone else. He would obey orders, but they better follow protocol.
Preparing himself, Tsar spread his feet, rolled back his shoulders, and tightened his fists.

|XXX|

The first one came through the threshold, holding himself and his weapon with calculated movements like a S.W.A.T. team member. He swiftly positioned himself to Tsar’s left, training his gun on Francine. Rushing behind the first, another entered to the right, aiming his gun directly at Tsar’s head. Two more filed through the door, and motioned for Tsar to assume the position.
Francine moaned loud enough for all of them to hear her struggling.
Tsar looked at each soldier briefly, unable to identify any of them. If it weren’t for Francine Manning lying helpless on the floor, he estimated two-seconds each at most, and he would have the room under his control.
Instead, he dropped to his knees, then to his hands and in a pushup maneuver, he settled on the hard floor. His face stretched out to the side, he watched their every move. In less than three-seconds using strip ties, they bound his wrists, and with iron shackles, they bound his ankles. They pulled him up under the arm pits to a standing position. The Senator was clever not to send in Tsar’s own men; instead these were imports, explaining the long wait.
With his feet in shackles and his arms pulled behind him, they balanced him. He looked straight ahead. They were doing their job acting according to protocol. Brief eye contact. No words. Professional.
One of the two, who had bound him, walked past and pulled something from his pocket. Tsar snapped his head around knowing what the man planned to do. The man raised his hand just above Francine’s leg.
Without any hesitation and no concern for protocol or obedience, Tsar pulled back his head and slammed it into the one who stood in front of him. The man dropped to the floor.
The man near Francine with the needle was distracted by Tsar’s swift movement. He was looking back as he continued to stab at Francine’s leg, not taking his eyes off Tsar.
In one big hopping motion, Tsar landed on his tiptoes wobbling, while trying to position himself to protect Francine’s upper body from the gunmen. Falling forward, he planned his stumble as he lowered and drove his head into the cheek of the man with the needle. Tsar smashed the man’s head into the cement wall behind them, rendering the man either unconscious or… dead.
With his right shoulder, he pushed the man far to the right toppling him over onto the floor, far from Francine’s head. In a fluent motion, he twisted and hopped, leading to one giant hurdle toward the gunmen. Falling to his knees before landing face first to the floor, he had forced both gunmen’s attention away from Francine as she garbled and bubbled out moans in different tones.



Chapter 88

|XOX|

Frankie regained a conscious state, yet still paralyzed and unable to open her eyes. She heard scuffling as though many people were nearby. Then a cool metal grazed the side of her leg, followed by a fluid that wet the area of her sweats.
They’re trying to stab me with a needle!
Before the fluid could wet the skin of her leg, she felt a fierce force above, followed with a dead-smack into the wall beside her. A plump of dead weight fell just inches from her head.
Joe? Chase?
Oh, God, help us!



Chapter 89

|XXX|

Before the gunmen could react, Tsar rolled to his side, and using his legs he thrust them backward in a powerful sweeping motion and tripped the one who held a gun on Francine. The man went flying backwards. The back of the gunman’s head smashed into the wall.
Rolling on his back, Tsar thrust his body weight upward like an acrobat before landing flat on his feet. He now stood face to face with the last man standing.
The man having pointed the gun at Tsar, now hastily lowered it to Francine. The man dipped his head quickly in her direction, yet locked his eyes on Tsar. Tsar sucked in a quick breath and forced it back out, watching as the man tilted his head slightly and shot him the look… It was only a tranq. We followed protocol. But we can kill her – just not you. Your choice.
Tsar exhaled in short, quick breaths, and with his mouth clamped tight, his nostrils flared as the two stared off. There was no immediate way out of there with him bound and Francine incapacitated. He turned away from the man and spit on the floor, surrendering.
The soldier sighed relief. It was obvious that he didn’t want to kill the woman. He didn’t want to be killed either.
See what they make us do…

|XXX|

Before his exit Tsar looked around the room, his eyes settled on Francine for the last time. He sighed with regret. In this moment, his hatred for Chase Manning escalated as Francine struggled as a captive within her own body. Both her hands twitched, and she had movement in her feet now. Low moans sounded as whimpers. She was trying to communicate. As he considered what she was trying to tell him, he remembered the note on the table from earlier…
What had it meant? The note was for Chase Manning, but his eyes would never see it; he would never see the words…

..When Good Men..

Tsar looked back to the man holding the gun, then slowly lowered his head searching for the answer to her note.
What had it meant?
Suddenly, it seemed ridiculously important. The statement was missing the beginning and the end. He squinted. He smirked. The words came to him. In a whisper, the words rolled off his tongue…

“Evil Thrives”

|XXX|

As Tsar shuffled out into the hallway managing restricted movement within the shackles, his mission-oriented counterpart sat on a bench to the right of the closed door that led to transport. The sound of rushed movement behind him likely indicated that the other gunman had made a comeback and now followed him out into the hall.
Tsar, having shuffled only a few feet, was kicked with force in the low back. The force sent him flying as he twisted his body to land on his right shoulder. Putting his foot on Tsar’s shoulder, the gunman flattened him out. Reaching down he grabbed him by the head of his hair, slightly pulled it back, and then smashed his face into the cement floor.
Leaning down close to Tsar’s cheek, the man spat on him and threatened, “I could kill you both right now and take my chances in hell!”
Lifting his head an inch from the concrete floor, Tsar felt the folding numbness in the cartilage of his nose as the blood began to trickle. Rushed movement to and fro, indicated the men were switching positions.
The last man standing pulled him to his feet. Tsar twisted his head to see the other gunman that had leveled him standing in guard position. His gun was aimed through the door where Francine lay helpless. The feel of metal was thrust between his shoulder blades, urging Tsar to turn back to face the closed door which would lead him to transport.
Without any eye contact as Tsar approached the closed door, Gloves stood. He now held both hands to his side without a salute… his grenade dangling from his belt loop, fully displayed.

|XXX|

The last man standing continued to guide Tsar with his gun out to the garage where a van was running. Tsar twisted his head around to see the man’s large-faced wrist watch. 2:36 a.m..
As was their custom, the entire area had been swept clean, eliminating any evidence of their site; all emergency vehicles and members had left. It sickened him to think what could happen to Francine along the way, but for now, he would have to survive what was ahead if he was to help her at all – should she survive.
The Senator had given Tsar the Network salute. Francine would be shipped to an undisclosed location for her temporary “safety” and for their assurance of his compliance. Francine would be alive for as long as it benefitted them or, by miracle, someone could save her from them. Tsar was not off to a great start. He’d never felt a need so great to protect someone. He’d never been outside of the Network circle before. Now, he had no one to turn to from the inside.
He had no allies except KC. And none would stand with him now inside the Network or the Bunker. His mind shifted back and forth searching for possibilities. Francine, KC, and Northside were all counting on him, and he didn’t have a clue what to do.
But then... those words from the free world sounded off, tickling his hopes…
“I choose.”

|XXX|

The elevator dinged, and the door opened to one ugly Ronald Fitz standing before them. He sneered at Tsar as he stepped out of the elevator. Tsar thrust his upper body toward him, forcing Fitz to pull his weight back. With the sudden movement and heavy momentum; the fat man teetered on his heels, just barely catching himself.
Tsar chuckled as the image of a turtle stranded on its back surfaced while the old man regained his balance. He recognized the ring with the twisted cross hanging from a chain wrapped around what should be – the man’s neck. Ronald Fitz. The same man who stood on the other side of the altar when he was inside the Double-Locked room as a small boy.
Squinting to a sliver, and without using his voice, Tsar moved his lips. Slowly and clearly, he communicated the words; “Today – you – die.”
Tsar spat at the fat man’s feet as the last man standing flashed a look of warning at Ronald Fitz to stay back. Fitz sneered again, but from a distance, and then turned and led them to follow his penguin waddle into the meeting room. Falling in behind them was the sound of “in-step” movement. Tsar estimated about four more armed guards.
Immediately, Tsar spotted in the back corner of the room to his left, Gloves. He was there and waiting for him. Gloves sat with his elbows resting on his knees and with his head twisted and facing Tsar. He now displayed unmistakable disgust for Tsar as Tsar walked deeper inside the Court Room.
Shuffling inside the room, still shackled with his hands bound, Tsar moved forward. At the front of the room sat the Senator in an elevated position within the Judge’s bench. His face revealed lines of irritation. From his peripheral, Tsar watched as Fitz moved over and stood next to Janice Manning. Her head lowered in humiliation.
Now there’s a bonus.
The Senator rubbed his forehead, studied Tsar’s swollen nose and bloodied face before he addressed the last man standing. “He resisted?”
The man responded, “There was a brief misunderstanding, sir.”
The Senator scowled at Tsar but did not get into the details, “It’s awfully early in the mornin’ or late in the evenin’, however you look at it. We here’re all exhausted and must get right to the point.”
Tsar nodded in obedience.
The Senator tapped his fingertips together in a triangular shape, and said, “The SD card? We know that Francine left it with James Hunter in Philadelphia. Why? And if this James Hunter was accessible, did he give her any of the information from the SD card?”
Before Tsar could form a word on his lips, the sound of tapping boots came up from behind.

|XXX|

King Charles brushed his shoulder as she walked up beside, and then right past him. Tsar’s mouth dropped open. She avoided eye contact. She took the lead without being summoned.
You’re pushing it, woman.
Still Tsar felt immediate relief; short-lived it might be – but relief. KC always seemed to have a trump.
Speaking with confidence, KC addressed the Senator in her usual British accent, “Senator Sir, that is not entirely correct. Francine had the SD card sent by special courier to a place called, Freedom Christian Ministries. It appears that the Pastor of her church is the one who gave her the contact information. Francine was unable to access any information from the SD card as it is coded. She did not make direct contact with James Hunter either. Yet, it is believed that James Hunter successfully retrieved the SD card and is still in possession of it at this time.”
Tsar noticed how both Janice and Fitz shuffled at the mention of “Hunter.”
The Senator’s irritation began to escalate, “King Charles is it?”
KC nodded and responded, “Yes, sir, it is.”
Tsar noticed the raising of eyebrows throughout the room.
A grin broke out on the Senator’s face. “I’d be impressed if I wasn’t so pissed off right now.”
He leveled his eyes like swords, “To be cautious – we have activated destruction protocol.”
At this, Tsar glanced over at Gloves. Gloves stood and pulled himself up to full height as a soldier. He stared straight ahead into the crowd of people as though he knew none of them, not even Tsar.
Tsar was not surprised at the protocol activation. The Colonel had already given Gloves command over the Bunker.
“Now if what you’re saying is true – that Francine Manning had no access to the SD card – then she could have been spared if she knew nothing of the details. What was it that sent both of them to the sacred site tonight and that Miller boy to his death?”
Tsar felt as though he would puke. He could almost feel the warmth of the boy’s hand on his shoulder now and hear the words that he’d spoken with such conviction, “I’d die for you, friend.”
Tsar blinked several times hoping to lose the memory of the boy inside his mental black hole.
Moving his attention back to the present, he caught movement from Fitz as the man began to shift his penguin-shaped body. The fat man’s eyes darted all around the Senator before settling on the man’s face as he seemed to blurt more than speak. “That Miller boy’d been snooping down at the Corner Church ‘n stumbled onto some of the… aah… um… recent activities. It’s a damn good thing they took him out when they did, Senator.”
Instead of appreciating the information, the Senator shook his head. His facial expression flashing both disgust and frustration as he openly screeched in Ronald Fitz’s direction, “Shut up, for the sake of burning hell! I am NOT speaking to you!”
All those present snapped back a few inches at the outburst. Fitz hastily lowered his head, his eyes to the floor.
KC spoke up, “We’re not sure what inspired them to come to the mountain, Senator Sir, but I do know how it all started.” She turned a scornful glare at both Fitz and Janice Manning. “Francine Manning was only trying to save her husband from him. Ronald Fitz started this bloody mess by killing Ked. This is a mess that Ronald Fitz started, not Francine, and not Joseph Miller.”
Tsar looked over at Fitz who lifted his shoulders up, and took the posture of a turtle as he leaned into Janice Manning – shoulder to shoulder. Janice continued rubbing her hands, looking more like a victim than a predator.
Speaking like everyone in the room was an idiot; the Senator rolled his eyes and said, “Do you know if this James Hunter was successful in accessing the information or not, damn it!?”
Without hesitation, KC answered, “No, Senator Sir, I do not.”
The Senator stood. He slammed the palm of his hand on the desk top. “Damn it, if there is any fall out from this, I’ll give your woman three days. Do… you… understand?”
KC answered as a soldier, “Yes, Senator Sir.” Then she stepped back giving Tsar the floor.
Tsar wanted to scream! Three days?!
Francine would be tortured for three days?
Damn it KC, do you know what you’re doing?!
But Tsar kept his fear intact.
The Senator continued. “I’m tired, and I’m not takin’ any more shit from any of you! I’m gonna tell you people exactly how this is going to go.”
The entire membership hushed completely.
“You’re all makin’ me look like a damn fool! But just maybe, redemption can still be had.” He spoke directly to Janice and then to Tsar, “Francine Manning has just inherited as sole heir, the Resort and the Hotel.”
No one ooh’d and ahh’d over this revelation. They all knew before the ceremonies had even begun. The Senator continued, yet brought his volume down a notch or two. “Our lawyers have gone over the new deed thoroughly. There’re no stipulations within. Francine Manning, the only heir to the property. So this means, of course, that Chase Manning will be the sole owner within a few days.”
Tsar wanted to choke the life out of him and then kill everyone in this room. Instead, he stood displaying no sign of emotion at all.
The Senator continued his redemptive plans for Tsar, “Our man Tsar can continue to serve us through a new program in Germany. He will have to sell the Resort to the Phoenix Foundation for the market price so as not to bring suspicion and return all the proceeds back to us.”
KC whispered behind him. “Tell him yes.”
“Yes, sir.” Tsar complied.
“Good enough then. Maybe we can salvage somethin’ of this circus created by a Village of Network clowns after all. The Hotel is a pretty reward to the Network. Now let’s all go home, get some rest, and I’ll get the details worked out.”
KC cleared her throat in such a manner that she made it obvious, that although the Senator was through, she was not. Once again, she took the lead. 
The Senator balked, “Damn it! What now?”
KC looked at Fitz, then at Janice as she shined a smirk of confidence that could only get them killed. Finally turning back to the Senator’s seething glare, she questioned, “Senator Sir, do you know who Jim Hunter is?”
No. What’s she doing!?
Everyone stopped shuffling. Fitz stood directly beside Janice Manning and neither made eye contact with anyone; instead, both were now staring at the floor where even the dirt looked unsettled.
“For the love of hell, tell me!”
KC looked at Janice, tilted her head as an insane person would, and flared her nostrils in disgust, “You tell him… mother.”
Tsar squinted. Shocked, he mouthed only silent words, “What?!”
KC slid Tsar’s wallet from his back pocket and flipped it open. She pulled out a picture. She held it high for the whole room to see. While Janice could not see the picture at her distance, she knew.
With contempt, KC continued. “And because today will probably be the last day we breathe… mommy dearest.” KC paused with those words, and closing her fist, she punched in Janice Manning’s direction spewing contempt. “I want you to know that most of us in the System have learned what happened in that room down in the channels when we were little, and it’s no longer a secret! And no matter how much you tormented and tortured us, trying to twist our memory, we found our way back to the truth. You can decorate the halls of hell with your madness. But not even hell could make us forget, ever again, what you did to us!”
Then KC turned on Fitz. “And you, you sick, twisted, perverse pedophile, maybe your day has come.” She snapped her head sideways and finished, “Maybe today is that bloody day, you filthy pig!”
KC lifted her chin high as she spoke down to Fitz, punching her fist now in his direction. With confidence and the conviction of a woman challenging death itself, she taunted him, “You tell the Senator, Fitz, go ahead if you dare. It was your pitiful ass that sent Francine off on her own to find James Hunter to begin with.” KC turned up the volume of her tone, just under a full blown screech, as she stabbed her words through him like a sword, “You tell the Senator, go ahead Fitz. You bloody tell him who James Hunter is!”
Turning from Fitz toward Janice, the Senator’s chin quivered with fury as Tsar still tried to wrap his mind around KC referring to Janice Manning as “mother.” He whispered, “So, you are Lucinda?”
To have staged the little girl’s death, using the small boy in the corner as leverage, was common practice of the Network to break the young minds of their subjects.
So which is it? Staged – or real? It’s clear that the boy didn’t die in a fire as it was reported in Records and Files. But if she’s System, she cannot be Lucinda, can she? Who is who? Who survived, and who died?
Hell! I may never know.
KC returned the wallet with the little girl’s picture to Tsar’s back pocket.
The Senator, with little effort, took back control of the Court Room with a tone emphasizing his next words as he glared at Janice Manning. Speaking syllable by syllable, “Do .you want to tell me what the hell is going on?!”
Janice did not raise her head completely. With lowered eyes, she stammered, “I believe that Jim Hun… um... Hunter is… ah, um… Hunter Freeman.”
The Senator’s weight seemed to be suddenly weightless as he fell back into the Judge’s chair.

|XXX|

Tsar had been escorted from the room immediately and left in the library awaiting a certain execution.
The last man standing entered the library to retrieve and present Tsar once again to the membership just as KC made her exit. The man likely had no idea who Hunter Freeman was, yet, in spite of his training, the man’s curiosity showed by the flash of his eyes when he nodded.
As the man reached out, his sleeve slightly pulled up, Tsar didn’t miss the small tattoo on his wrist…

6-16 מלכים 2

It was Hebrew perhaps? The numbers were obvious, the letters were not.
Being shuffled back to the center of attention, Tsar suspected with the new information that the Senator had been doused with, directed him to make contact with those in some of the highest authority inside the National Network. Looking around at those in the room, as none had been dismissed even at this hour, Tsar could see their physical fatigue, and yet, their attention was sharp with the new information bomb.
The Senator started, but not with the voice of a respected Senator and not with the voice of a man gone mad, more like a twelve year old. He looked directly at Janice Manning, and the words spewed from his mouth like acid, “I hate you. I hate your bloodline!”
He turned to Tsar. “Confessing that James Hunter is the traitor from three decades ago has earned her a week now. Do you understand?”
Unable to hold back now, Tsar inhaled sharply.
A week!
He remembered the boy from the cargo ship. Tsar was ordered to nurse him back just enough to suffer even more torture. He turned toward Janice Manning and narrowed his eyes and flared his nostrils. He would like to shoot an arrow through her dried up heart.
She kept her eyes settled to the ceiling of hell. This pitiful, disgusting human being that had beat and raped children. How much had KC suffered because of the one called, “mother?” Like so many others, KC as a child, teenager, and an adult, served as a sex-slave and with all the torture and brutality that came with it. Tsar lowered his head, wallowing in his own disgust as he remembered Butterfly and the hundreds before her.
I am just like Janice Manning. God, strike me dead.
KC came up from behind, stepping beyond Tsar, likely sensing his falter. And yet once again without summon, she answered in his stead. “Yes Senator Sir, I understand. I propose a negotiation.” Having left the family dramatics behind, once again she returned to her soldier-mannerisms; no emotion as she quickly righted her course. Certainly, she’d get them all killed.
The Senator cleared off the area in front of him, swiping madly back and forth. Everyone shifted to avoid the flying objects. “What the hell is it then? This damn proposal!”
KC stood tall as she looked squarely at the Senator. “I can give you Hunter Freeman in exchange for Francine.”
The entire room shifted their attention from the Senator to KC.
The Senators eyes opened wide in question and perhaps even a sense of hope shadowed across his face as he demanded, “How?!”
“James Hunter, aka Hunter Freeman, was discovered by Francine Manning all on her own.”
KC laid it out, “According to Francine’s expedition, Freeman has a son – a twin son. Records and Files indicate that his name is Mitchell Freeman. Some of the elders are aware that Harrison Manning was the adoptive father of Chase Manning but may not know that Chase had a twin brother that was kept in a closet as a toddler. Janice reported to the Network that he died in a fire when he was four or five. But the picture that Francine saw inside Freeman’s office shows the boy to be about ten years old. Freeman is already aware by now that his son Mitchell has a twin. Once Freeman connects Francine Manning to Chase Manning – and Chase Manning to Janice Manning – and then sees Chase Manning’s face through a simple Google search, he’ll have it all figured out.”
Openly seething as the Senator glared at Janice Manning, he grit the words through clenched teeth as he said to KC, “Go on.”
“If he has received the SD card by now, then his first priority would likely be – to go to the rendezvous location himself. We could draw him out. Keep Francine alive and unharmed. I will bring Freeman back with me and swap his life for hers. And if for whatever reason Freeman doesn’t show up, then you’ve lost nothing. But if he does show up, I believe we can reel him in. Otherwise, the Network risks world-wide exposure.”
While the Senator let his eyes bounce around the room with this information, Tsar considered all that KC had just said, hoping it to be worthy for the Senator to consider as well. The potential worldwide exposure by a Network member defector was more than could be afforded, and this, at the global level. Freeman would have a powerfully trained skill-set as well. He would also have access to an incredibly secret operation that was selling war spoils. Even with many buffered layers placed in front of core operations, the implications of potential exposure of the Network, and at the global level, was of unthinkable proportion.
With his full attention now, KC held her eyes steady on the Senator. His countenance became quizzical as he stared right through her, and like lightening, he snapped, “How in the hell do you even know which port the Cargo ship is coming in on? You never had the SD card in your hands to access and decode it. You’re bullshitting me through and through.”
Remaining professional, KC responded, “I recently just put it all together, Senator Sir. I remembered dates and times from Fox’s day timer and combined them with symbols that I also found in Fox’s possessions. I have an outstanding memory. I’ve been around the world. I remember dates, faces, and places.”
The Senator stepped out from the Judge’s bench area and down to the floor in front of them. Now at their level, he paced back and forth behind a long table that sat directly in front of the Judge’s box.
For certain, someone in this room would not leave here alive tonight, and KC looked to be the winner. Or, the loser.

|XXX|

The Senator paced; mumbling, and at times growling, as he considered his options concerning Hunter Freeman. Tsar himself wondered just how accurate KC’s assessment of Hunter Freeman was.
What makes KC think that Freeman would care enough to show up? The fire? Freeman had set it, covering his tracks to rescue Mitchell not knowing there was another son? Indeed, she may be right. And then again… how does she know Freeman actually received the SD card?
Hell, what difference does it make either way, if any of this buys them some time?
If Hunter Freeman had the SD card in his possession and did go to the rendezvous, he would know to be heavily disguised, and they would not find him. Freeman may be Network old school, but the ability to disguise his appearance or the skill to break codes was a minor task for him. All Freeman needed, was to get his hands on that SD card. Tsar marveled at the change of events, as though there was a Supreme Being and He really did have a plan!
With this thought, fiery breath from behind crawled down his spine making him chill. He shook it off, but the power of the creature unseen, was not to be underestimated.
EnokKim.
This plan might buy them some time. Tsar estimated about three hours, maybe. With the Miller boy, young Francine, and Chase missing – Francine’s grandmother, the Miller family and their friends would be combing the area by noon. It might be too late to find any of them, but it kept the Network scrambling, because the Senator knew he had to do something – and do it – now.
The Senator walked back to the center of the table. All eyes were upon him. One of the members rushed over a new glass and a pitcher of ice water.
Oh yeah, that oughta do it.
KC resumed her position in front of Tsar as the Senator spoke, “How about if I bring your Fancy here, torture her with extreme measures while you watch, until you tell me what I want to know?”
KC had certainly thought it all through as she replied, “There’s no time for torture. With due respect Senator Sir, this is all going down within the next two hours. At this time, we are still an hour’s flight away from the time we start and enter the auction. We need to get in the air – now, sir.”
A deadening silence fell upon the room. Tsar had felt the air of death before, and right now he could already smell unspilled blood.
The members looked from the Senator, then to Tsar and KC; then back to the Senator… waiting.
The Senator picked up the pitcher, and with a screech from hell, as his eyes seemed to turn the color of black; he smashed it into the table. He looked up and drilled his eyes into KC.
Again, the Senator tried. “Maybe I’ll just bring your precious Fancy out here and threaten to slit her throat in front of you – you’ll tell me what I wanna know. You know you will.”
“No, Senator Sir, I will not.” The membership stared at KC in disbelief and in fear of her dead-on defiance, likely considering how it could directly result in their own misfortune.
The Senator continued with his tantrum; this time he kicked the table over. The remnants of the smashed pitcher and drinking glass went flying all about the room while his volume screeched well over the thrashing, bouncing, and thudding noises. “You’re a traitor just like Freeman. Because of you, we are in crisis mode. I hate you to hell!”
One more time, KC stepped up to the line, but this time she was ready to cross it. Tsar could see it in her eyes. Now she directed her words at Ronald Fitz, yet held eyes with the Senator. Her voice firm and confident, “If the council would remember, it was I, who reported that Francine Manning had the SD card and left it with James Hunter. It was I that figured out who James Hunter was and reported it to the council just now.” KC lifted her right hand in Fitz’s direction as she continued, “Also remember that the SD card would have safely reached its intended destination if it were not for his interference.” She shoved her fist in Fitz’s direction with full force now, “This is not all happening because of us. It’s all happening because of that bloody pig.”
KC let everyone soak that in before she continued. “I recently studied the file on Hunter Freeman at the Regional office. Ronald Fitz was to carry out Freeman’s execution some thirty years ago. Whatever body he produced to the Regionals was not Hunter Freeman’s. The boy Mitchell, his body was never recovered after the fire nearly thirty years ago, and it’s now clear why. Janice knew it was Hunter Freeman that took their son. She had to have known. She knew Freeman was still alive. All these years the woman has kept Fitz’s secret. It’d be interesting to know just why she conspired with Ronald Fitz against all of you and the Network, don’t you think, Senator sir?”
As Tsar considered what KC was saying, it was all clear in a flash. Janice kept Fitz’s secret from Network leaders, not to protect her other son from them, but because of greed. Fitz made Janice a part of his private prostitution ring, which involved using both children and adults. She was the treasurer.
Janice waved her left hand in the air to protest when Tsar noticed her ring. The twisted cross. The same ring from the Double-Locked room. He couldn’t kill her himself. And neither would KC. But he wanted her dead. He wanted them all dead. Dead, damn it!
KC took a long, deep breath, likely thinking it her last when she concluded, “I, Senator Sir, on the other hand, have followed protocol to the letter.”
In all the madness, Tsar had to admit – KC had a valid defense. She did follow protocol through and through. Whether or not her argument with Freeman kidnapping the twin brother was true, that Janice knew or didn’t know it was Freeman, may not be so important, but it sure did turn the table in the moment.
Tsar kept his attention geared toward Ronald Fitz and watched as he squirmed and shuffled on his feet. And then Fitz stood – dead still and glared at KC now.
Ronald Fitz was a man without options.
Looking straight ahead to the double doors exiting the Court Room, the Senator spoke. “This is the same Hunter Freeman that Ronald Fitz was assigned to execute. This is the same Hunter Freeman that Ronald Fitz reported as a fully executed assignment. This is the same Hunter Freeman that Janice Manning confirmed dead some thirty years ago.”
Janice Manning took two steps back from her shoulder to shoulder with Ronald Fitz. Like a rat hiding from the light, she leaned in behind his large body, exposing only part of herself to the raging Senator.
A whisper came from behind Tsar and KC, just as the Senator nodded to the guard on his left…

“However that day may come…”

KC turned to Tsar and studied him with her eyes. Reassuringly, she winked at him as she leaned in closer and laid out the palm of her hand, whispering, “There is a time for denial…”
He slid his hand into hers and following her lead he agreed, “…and there is a time for survival.”
With one voice they whispered, “And this is our time.”
The guard walked forward. The Senator reached out and took the guard’s gun from his side holster, turned toward Janice Manning, and shot Ronald Fitz dead in the face.



Chapter 90

|XOX|

The vehicle slowed and pulled to the side of the road. Zip ties now bound her wrists and ankles. The bindings were not necessary as Frankie couldn’t move a muscle – only her eyelids. Hyperventilating, panic struck her with force as she became more and more alert, realizing that her body was incapable of responding to basic commands. Remembering as many Scripture promises as she could, she recited them in her mind and calmed herself enough, not to pass out from the panic.
A thin nylon bag had been pulled over her head and loosely secured around her neck. Unable to properly swallow, the nylon bag was wet from saliva. Though she couldn’t see clearly through the nylon, a colorful clutter of bright red, white, and blue penetrated through.
A cop.
It could be good or it could be bad. The image of Fitz came to mind.
This is bad.
Oh, God, where are you Chase?
She had heard his voice, with broken English and in a German accent – he spoke only two words…

“Evil Thrives”

He had understood the message that she’d left for him on the kitchen table. But what had it meant to him, that things were hopeless? Had he given up and given into evil? She remembered Joe’s words to her…

“If we get separated for any reason and Chase is there, he will die to protect us – don’t 
ever doubt it. His love is rock solid no matter what they’ve done to him.”

No. He would never leave me and Joe to die. Never.
God, what good can we do against evil in this world if we’re dead?
Garbled voices moved in even tones from the front of the vehicle, yet the sound was distant as though behind closed doors.
I’m in a van, like a utility van.
She heard someone scuff by on the pavement outside the vehicle. Another voice joined the ones in the front, this one commanding. The voices in the front sounded calm, but the voice from outside was firm.
“License and registration.”
Hearing some shuffling, Frankie heard one of the voices in the front, still with a mild tone but with more volume this time so she could make out part of the words; “…visiting our uncle… mountain here.”
Frankie beyond praying, now she begged…
God, where are You? Why aren’t You helping us?
Two popping explosions blasted throughout the van! The sudden and explosive sound vibrated her into heart-stopping fear. Before she could process what may have just happened, the back doors of the van ripped open.



Chapter 91

|XXX|

Nearing 4 a.m., Tsar was led from a van, headed for a private plane as the radios of the men, both ahead and behind him, rattled off in the quiet predawn hours. The sound jarred Tsar as he stumbled slightly to his right. With the darkest hour upon them and his wrists and ankles still bound, each step was a mystery as to where his feet would land.
The communication was spotty, but still the voices were clear enough for him to understand.
“We are unable to make successful communication with the members making transport. There is zero response. Over.”
Tsar subtly drew in his breath. It could mean anything – but – it had to be her. Tsar noticed that her pant leg had been wetted from the attempted injection, and with all the distraction during the struggle, he was sure no one noticed that their attempt to sedate her failed. How long the previous tranquilizer would last depended upon the individual. Tsar estimated about four to six hours for Francine.
Convinced now that the radio communication was about Francine, but not assured as to the outcome, he wondered; did you put up a struggle? Distracting them, sending everyone off the cliff rounding the mountain back down into the valley, killing them all even yourself or …Maybe you got free? Maybe Hunter Freeman figured it out and went to the Village instead. Maybe your grandmother pulled off a miracle… maybe….
Maybe?
Hope.



Chapter 92

|XOX|

Being carried, her captor balanced her against his chest as the sound of a trunk popped open. With their closeness, the strange musk alerted her that this was a stranger.
Still paralyzed from the drug, at least now she could feel some tingling in her toes and fingers – a small relief.
Frankie forced herself to breathe evenly, ignoring panic and claustrophobia, as the nylon bag was still pulled over her head. Panic would cost her, her consciousness if she passed out from the fear.
Should her captor discover that she was conscious, she would likely be sedated without mistake this time. She would not panic. She would play dead.
The blinding strobe of the blue, red, and white lights penetrated through the nylon bag as she felt herself being gently rolled and then properly positioned. Then the sound and force of the trunk shut down and latched, snuffing out the blended patriotic strobe.
The sound of footsteps tapped quickly alongside the vehicle toward the driver’s seat as she heard mumbling sounds just before the driver’s door shut. She ran the mumbling sounds through her mind, “my shoes…? I lose…?”
“…I choose!”



Chapter 93

|XOX|

The car came to a stop. Frankie estimated about a fifteen minute drive from the time she’d been taken from the van until now. Paying close attention to the timing as well as each turn the vehicle made, whether to the left or to the right, she’d prayed Sylar Downs was taking her home.
The cruiser decelerated. Frankie was certain they’d reached either her or Sylar’s driveway when the car took a left and sped up, spitting gravel from the tires, moving too fast to be either of their short driveways. This threw off her sense of direction. She began to second guess – if the entire trip from the mountain top was produced by nothing more than – desperate hope.
The car slowed and turned to the right. Within two-seconds, they came to a complete stop. Frankie heard the door open, felt the car lift slightly from the driver’s side, and then quietly the door closed. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest. She softly inhaled and exhaled, blowing out most of the pent up air in her lungs. She brought the pounding of her heart down a level or two. Her paralyzed state remained the same with only the feel of her finger tips and the ability to move her toes. Certainly, she had no strength to engage in battle with a man and his gun.
She prayed for God to bring a supernatural calm to her.
The trunk opened, and there was nothing but darkness. No patriotic lights from the cruiser. No lights from streetlamps. No lights from houses. And if her timing estimate was correct, this was the darkest hour just before dawn.
Downs pulled her out and struggled to settle her upon his shoulder like a huge sack of potatoes. She counted the steps; thirty-three. Downs stopped and turned to their right. He dipped his body and rolled her off his shoulder before gently laying her on the ground. She felt some relief that he was so careful with her and prayed he had no intention of causing her harm.
He shuffled away as though crawling on all four limbs. The sound muffled; like they were partially enclosed under a building or a porch perhaps. Downs wrestled around on top of the ground for only a few seconds. Then he returned, braced her around the waist, while gently holding her head up, and dragged her behind him.
Frankie felt her heart begin to pound once again.
This man has no intentions of bringing me home – he’s making me his prisoner!



Chapter 94

|XXX|

Tsar dared to hope that the radio communication was specific to Francine.
Hope?
It was a dangerous exaggeration, a fantasy sentiment that he’d never considered before. But he couldn’t shake it. And with this newfound hope, he was convinced that Sylar Downs had indeed intercepted Francine.
Thoughts of Sylar’s conversations with him the past few weeks about Francine played through his mind. Given the opportunity, he would protect her and bring no harm. But Francine wouldn’t know that.
After the usual full body check from the last man standing, the man gave the championship jersey back to Tsar, to his astonishment. He wore it under his uniform.
Tsar had given partial coordinates to the pilot as soon as they were airborne. East bound. This left the pilot as well as the Senator, who spoke to the pilot through an earpiece, to wonder which state was their destiny; New York, Massachusetts, or Maine.
I can’t tell them what I don’t know.
With an earpiece placed in his right ear, Tsar waited for KC’s directives. She remained silent. With Tsar’s loyalty to the Network, the Colonel, and to the Senator, KC played it safe. Tsar himself wasn’t sure where the rendezvous was, not until KC shared that last directive.
The Atlantic Ocean spread out before them, and with only a minute before they hit the coast line, KC’s commanding voice spoke to Tsar instructing them to turn north, up the coast of Maine. To relay the directive, Tsar lifted his hand and signaled the pilot to the left.
KC debriefed him, “A quick summary of what happens at these auctions, Lucian. Buyers pay a hefty price just to enter. No less than twenty-five thousand dollars. The Assets will be sold in lots of ten. The price varies starting at $10,000 per lot. The average buyer purchases ten lots. The brightest and the best looking were profiled prior to shipment and kept for politicians as house boys or girls; some for sex and some for spies, usually a bit of both. And that isn’t the worst of it…”
Tsar did not respond as KC shared some of the details.
“Ignore any emotional response you may experience to the situation that you are about to find yourself in. Remember your mission. Francine’s life depends upon it.” Before disconnecting, she added, “You were created for this moment, soldier. Stay alive. Godspeed.”
Tsar silently nodded his response to KC. He didn’t want her to hang up. Instead, he wanted her to continue to convince him that they would survive, and that she would survive. 
Riding nearly shoulder to shoulder with the pilot in the small seaplane, Tsar wore a U.S. Coast Guard camouflaged, long-sleeve shirt with matching pants having pull strings on the bottom. He was also given a black cap that read “U.S. Coast Guard” in gold across the front. Perhaps they made him wear it so that he would be less visible to Hunter Freeman, or more visible to shoot? Whatever the reason, he was no longer bound. A bound U.S. Coast Guard would certainly bring some attention.
Within the airspace above the city, Tsar’s eyes scanned the open waters as the sun, now forty-five minutes high, had snuffed out the darkness casting early morning shadows in its wake. To the northeast, enormous cargo ships were floating along effortlessly over exceptionally calm waters as they moved toward different docks all along the coast, in and out around the peninsulas.
To the north, a long line of pavement stretched into the ocean for a quarter mile from the mainland to a small island. On the island, a gatekeeper guarded the entry way for only those who had a sequence of secret words and numbers, and in a particular order, to enter. Secret words and numbers that Hunter Freeman would have no trouble to decode on his own.
A paved road continued from the gatekeepers through the middle of the island; to the other side, out and above the open water, allowing traffic to directly access the three-story shipping and receiving warehouse that sat on piers. There was a lane for entrance and a lane for exit. On the north side of the warehouse, the largest water crafts lined up. About a hundred and fifty yards south of the warehouse, was another pier leading to what looked like an E on its back, where smaller crafts docked. This would be their landing.
Now only minutes away, the two-lane road would be bumper-to-bumper with vehicles entering from the mainland, hauling rich pigs in fancy cars and followed by unmarked vans without windows. But today, one less pig would breathe.
Fitz.
Brain matter had splattered on the back wall. Blood and gory residue freckled all along the face and body of Janice Manning just before she swayed and dropped to the side of the dead Chief of Police. From the front of the man’s head was only an entry wound, but the back of his head had mostly exploded all over the person who stood closest to him.
Tsar had left her there lying unconscious and speckled by the blood of the man that she not only allowed – but also profited from – to brutalize and rape many of those broken children from the Diamond Shelter. KC included. Tsar had not looked back at the woman as he made his exit from the Court Room.
Janice Manning had born at least four children for the purpose to enslave them to her benefit. Maybe all four were still alive, maybe two dead. Tsar may never know. Maybe he was one of them or maybe KC was and he wasn’t. Maybe, and maybe not. But here on this island, he does know this was where his journey began twenty years ago. It would only be befitting, that right here on this island… his journey would also end.
His eyes swept the area below while memories of his training days surfaced. Images of hundreds of young children brought in as lab rats, others brought in to be strengthened and trained for the games. Some, very few, would survive and serve the Network.
I may die today, but I do have one advantage; I know this island...

|XXX|

As youth soldiers here, Jagged Island was believed to be Germany. Tsar did not learn any different until many years later. The programmers instilled these beliefs. They told the students to remain on the island for their safety, or they would be tortured and killed by the Nazi’s.
Tsar shook his head at the thought of the gullible fourteen year old.
We were the Nazi’s!
The symbol that was on the front door of the training center here on Jagged Island, was the same symbol that was on Fox’s SD card. KC had purposely withheld the specific symbol when debriefing the Senator the night of Fox’s execution; not just a Minerva Owl, which there were several – but an owl that represented education, an owl sitting on a book. That would’ve been a clear indication that zeroed in on Jagged Island.
I hope your God is real, Francine, you’re gonna need Him now.
Curiosity and wonder combined as Tsar considered this God, comparing Him to EnokKim and IT’s kind. Freeman was not only alive, but he ran a powerful underground anti-Network movement. Francine had made indirect contact with the man in just one trip, while the Network didn’t even know he was still alive. Francine was the one who found him!
Why you, Francine? Why not the greatest human and demonic forces on the face of the earth? 
Just maybe your God is real, and He does have a plan!



Chapter 95

|XOX|

Downs had laid Frankie upon a small cot facing the wall. He removed the nylon bag from her head but left her bound. She took this to be a bad sign of what was to come.
She’d kept her eyes closed and concentrated on her breathing. Without a word, he climbed back up the ladder and was gone.
Sylar had been gone for quite some time. Frankie estimated about thirty minutes. She was unable to hear whether or not a vehicle came and went.
Steadily, her paralysis subsided. Her limbs now fully restored to her commands – but weak. She rolled off the bed and fell to the floor.
Getting her feet under her, she used the cot to help pull her to a standing, grateful that her hands were bound in the front. She gave herself a moment to adjust. She looked around what appeared to be an underground cement bunker. The only way out seemed also to be the only way in; a makeshift ladder much like a pulldown ladder from an attic. She’d heard Downs securing the entrance from the outside when he left. There would be no escape.
Frankie began to move. Although some numbness remained and somewhat weak still, she was grateful for her strength returning after the night they’d been through.
Turning to her left, then to the right, the area looked like a bomb shelter of sorts. She hopped to the only doorway in the small area; a bathroom; a small sink and a toilet. She twisted, pulling down her sweats to use the toilet, when she noticed the murky water due to non-use. It could signal Sylar should he notice fresh water in the toilet – she chanced it anyway and flushed. Certainly the smell of fresh urine would be more noticeable. Fortunately, the water in the tank was also murky.
She hopped back out to the main room and to a metal closet. Standing on her tiptoes, she fidgeted with the handle of the closet until it opened. She swung back both doors to find the cabinet packed with supplies of every sort; linen, medical, and food. Sweatshirts, fleece… everything neatly and perfectly organized, just as Chase would do.
And before she could see it, she smelled it. She let her nose lead the way to a large bag of marijuana.
She lifted her eyes to the upper shelves and noticed one of the blankets – her blanket? Their blanket? She put her nose to it. It smelled like home! This was the blanket that Nan had given them just after they married.
Frankie had tried to remember when or if she’d ever noticed the blanket was missing. She couldn’t. Had she been able to remember, she’d hoped to find a piece to the puzzle. The person or people who created this bomb shelter either stole this from her home – or – Chase was responsible for the entire kit ‘n caboodle. That means then…
If Chase is alive, then he knows where I am – even if I don’t!
She closed the door to the metal cabinet and pondered the possibilities; is it really possible that Chase planned this? And that Sylar rescued me? Then where’s Chase? Where’s Joe? Oh, God! Please let them be okay. Please! I beg You, Lord.
Frankie realized she’d stopped breathing as shuffling noises above was followed by the sound of someone wrestling with the latch. Without hesitation, she looked around the room and inhaled a chest full of air. Moving as quickly as she could, she exhaled. Every door closed. The bomb shelter appeared as it was before she began her short exploration.
She hopped back to the cot, and as she did, another possibility surfaced – what if Sylar Downs moves me? Chase may never know I’d been here at all.
The trapdoor opened; Downs was making his entrance.
Frankie considered her new, beautiful diamond wrap. No? Yes! And without another counter thought, she wiggled it free from her engagement ring and dropped it to the floor. She watched as it rolled to a stop in front of the metal cabinet, hoping that Downs would not notice.
Downs began his descent. He pulled the trapdoor down behind him.
She laid her waist across the cot and pulled herself up, scooting into a fetus position. Her words in a whisper…
…I’ll leave a trail.



Chapter 96

|XXX|

Closing in on their destination, Tsar took in the sites of the crafts floating in the water below. Just east of the island, was a smaller watercraft that looked like it was floating on big, red ballooned logs. On top, sat a cabin just tall enough to stand in. Tsar narrowed his eyes in on the lettering without turning his head…

U.S. Coast Guard

His thought pattern mechanically went through a series of scenarios subconsciously, beginning first with the patch on his sleeve. He looked out into the waters where three more Coast Guard crafts floated about, going nowhere too soon. His eyes smiled with satisfaction. A fat chance it might be but still – it was a chance.
He looked to the building before them as it came into clear view; the youth training center.
Indeed, I do have the home field advantage.

|XXX|

Moving slowly, a cargo ship lined in hot pink was moving toward the island’s dock alongside the warehouse. The ship was as high as a six-story hotel, approximately five football fields in length and carrying five cranes. This ship would dock alongside the pier and offload anywhere between four and eight crates without haste. From here, it would likely continue deliveries further down the coast. To any commoner watching the ship come in, they would be impressed by its size and may wonder what it carried, but few would have the frame of reference to consider the actual cargo packed in some of those crates.
Smaller boats made a discreet, protective perimeter around the larger vessel. Network associates from the CIA and U.S. Coastguard – they would also be here according to Network protocol. And if Hunter Freeman was anywhere, he wasn’t on the island. No. He was out in the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean and on one of those smaller boats.
As the pilot dropped the plane into the water, Tsar knew that the only escape route was north of the island. Any other route; they would fill his body with bullets. North was the mainland. It was also closest to the warehouse and the most congested. He could get there quickly by boat and get lost in the crowd of people with a minutes head start. And though the mainland was congested and lined with motorized watercrafts, the only craft that he saw on the north side of the warehouse, here on the island, was a single, washed up kayak. It was laid out there like a washed up, dead sea creature. It would drift out with the next tide.
The likelihood of escaping without injury today was near zero, but the chance of escaping alive was damn near a whopping five percent!
Even so, it didn’t hurt to have a plan.

|XXX|

The pilot docked the seaplane. Two men came out to tie it off. These two men would be his escorts, with several others scattered in the background.
Given his cue, Tsar exited the craft. The offensive scents of decaying oyster and salty, dead seaweed greeted him. His escorts came up beside him, discreetly displaying their primary weapon; two-shot pistols concealed in an open hand. They were certain to have many other weapons strapped to their body.
Swiftly, they made their way to the east side as they walked on an eight-foot wide trail that lined the edge of the island. There were both male and female guards in pairs that littered the path about every twenty yards, watching for Hunter Freeman. They looked like morning joggers and walkers, but like him – they were pigs and killers.



Chapter 97

|XXX|

An oversized, black SUV waited at the end of the trail on a paved road that led out to the warehouse. Tsar pulled the Coast Guard cap down just above his eyebrows. He felt for his earpiece. It wasn’t there.
That’s it then. I’m on my own!
The man to his right, spoke with a hint of disdain while staring straight ahead. “That’s our ride.” Tsar entered the vehicle and moved into the middle, while the other two men got in, one on each side of him.
The driver and the front passenger never looked back as the three new passengers entered the vehicle. The doors closed and the SUV headed toward the warehouse, more than a thousand feet straight ahead. Discreetly, Tsar swept the sides of the road. He found nothing that might be useful in an attempt to escape.
The large, wooden barn-like doors were pulled back with a half dozen attendants outside waiting. Swiftly and efficiently, four men came forward and thoroughly inspected the SUV, while the other two stood guard.
Allowed entry; they were the last to arrive. Tsar could not deny that he had basic knowledge of what happened in warehouses like this one, warehouses that were all across the world. Yet KC was the one with intricate knowledge. KC had worked in the field of Network accounting and auditing, investigating matters such as these. It was how Fox was discovered.
A parking attendant led them to a designated parking area. Limousines and windowless, medium-sized moving vans filled up the first level – all parked in a systematic pattern for quick exit. Each buyer, having had presented their tickets by way of codes written on a piece of paper, handed them to the attendants who stood ready to receive them. Each vehicle had to pass a thorough inspection. Each buyer was frisked and scanned for weapons and closely studied for any facial or physical resemblance to Hunter Freeman.
Stepping from the vehicle, Tsar followed through another set of doors while the attendants closed the doors behind them. Tsar could hear the clicking of keys and deadbolts go off six times. All vehicles locked on the other side and out of the buyer’s reach. This ensured complete Network control for the morning’s transactions.
Tsar walked into the vast area with balconies above. Without directly turning, he noticed the balcony level was covered with plastic from the ceiling down to the floors; to contain evidence as much as possible.
The guard to his left, rounded in front to face him. While the other guard slipped a handcuff on his right wrist and, yanking his arm, pulled him to a metal bar bolted to the wall, cuffing the other link. Tsar showed no expressive response nor did he struggle. He was now positioned and handcuffed only six feet in front of the staircase leading up to the balcony. Tsar had counted the buyers and attendants within his visual; ten members and a dozen buyers.
Four of the members went up the stairs to the balcony and opened the door to the hallway which led to the crates of Assets. Tsar could hear what sounded like pressure washers going off all above him. They were hosing down the Assets for inspection. After several minutes of hosing them down, a mixture of scents; human waste, human death, and chlorine filled the warehouse. These were the same offensive smells as that first day he’d scuffled with Manning twenty years ago.
The hog-tied boy had been a war-orphan and not a crazed suicide bomber. Tsar couldn’t deny that now. Manning’s recollection of that day was accurately recorded in Records and Files.
Tsar dismissed the memories. He couldn’t afford the distraction and miss any potential opportunity of escape. To his right, about six feet down, was a door to the left. The warehouse had changed some over the years. But that room – that room – was still there. On the floor of that room was a trapdoor that dropped to the ground or into the water just beneath; depending upon the time of day.
It just might work…
Radios all sounded off at once, a cryptic sequence of tones. The auction was ready to begin.

|XXX|

Even now as the doors were closed and locked, the attendants kept their eyes constantly searching everyone inside the warehouse, even one another.
If I saw your face, Hunter Freeman, would I know you myself?
Shuffling noises came from a distance but quickly turned to the sound of a small, battered army overhead. Tsar watched as the Assets were hastily ushered from the crates into the warehouse and then lined up with their backs to the balcony for inspection.
Most Assets kept their heads lowered. If Tsar could guess, most were under the age of eight, maybe a few older than twelve. Some Assets were not even as high as the rail itself. Their nationality seemed mostly from Central America, a few from Asia, and some from the Middle East.
The attendants finished lining them up on the balcony, and then returned to the hallway leading back to the crates. Assets in the back were also being positioned for inspection as well. After several minutes, the attendants returned.
Some of the Assets would have their wits about them. During the past few hours of shipment, those in charge of the captives would no longer feed them drugged water. The buyers would want to inspect them in somewhat lucid condition just before they were drugged once again for the last phase of shipment; to homes as personal slaves, to brothels, to the Tombs underground… or worse.

|XXX|

Two shots rang out. Tsar’s heartbeat came to a halt.
Some of the kids were shocked into silence with no reaction; others fell to the floor and covered their heads. Some dared a glance at the killers but most looked from one to the other, as though seeking out a leader, someone to give them direction. No leader stepped forward. No prisoners attempted escape.
Tsar called upon his training to stand indifferent in the midst of the calamity. Francine’s only chance likely depended upon his survival. KC had warned him to ignore his emotional responses. Emotions were fairly new to him, but still, he had them now.
The attendants on the balcony let the dead bodies sit long enough for fear to sink deep, before removing the corpses. After the bodies were removed, one of the attendants shouted, “Begin!”
The buyers began their ascent to the next level for inspection. Tsar may not know what Hunter Freeman looked like for certain, yet he was convinced that none of these buyers were him.
Confident now, he blinked and slightly shifted his chin.
If you’re here, Freeman, then you’re out in the open waters.
And so it was...

|XXX|

An explosion blasted outside the warehouse. The residual impact sent everyone off balance, with most tumbling to the floor. Those who had been climbing the stairs to inspect the Assets tumbled backwards, toppling down over one another. Tsar immediately began to work the metal bar, pulling to break free.
No give. No surprise.
Quickly, the attendants regained their stands as did several of the Assets. In a partial drugged state, shocked and confused, several Assets started moving back to the death crate-boxes, screaming in their own tongue.
Tensions high, Tsar suspected his usefulness might now be reconsidered.
Some members started barking out orders while others demanded answers for the unexpected blast. The member, who seemed to be in charge, pressed the button on his earpiece. Rapidly, the chaos escalated with the Assets. About a dozen of them rose up simultaneously and headed for the staircase, bringing the shocked-attendants to reach for their weapons. Weapons ready, the attendants took aim and fired.
Two, four, a total of seven Assets dropped. With less than a dozen Network attendants inside and the buyers disarmed, Tsar considered that though many would die, it was unlikely that there would be enough ammunition within ready-reach to kill all the Assets.
He caught the eye of an attendant, a man with a shiny bald head. The man scowled. Tsar had minutes, if not seconds, before they killed him.
He searched throughout the panicked scene, looking for a way to escape his restraint. There was nothing within reach.
Some that had sought the protection of the death crates moments ago were now returning to the warehouse. As they looked upon their fellow prisoners lying dead in their own blood on the floor, some began stumbling, tripping, and falling down the stairs – dozens of them. Some of the kids so terrified, they fell to the floor and covered their heads. Tsar noticed that some of the bigger ones lay on top of the smaller ones in a protective manner.
Joseph and Francine.
He shook off the memory as some of the kids now turned to him, seemingly to grasp his own captive situation. He snarled to keep them away, for their sakes as well as his own. Still, a few, with wide eyes of fear and perhaps a hint of hope, pursued him. And with their visual pursuit, they also brought the attention of the attendants.
The only way to escape the handcuffs was with a key or a gun. If he could get just one of the members close enough, he’d have their weapon.
Tsar’s eyes moved rapidly throughout the warehouse as several Network attendants refueled their weapons. Baldy looked up and locked eyes with Tsar, taking aim at his head…
SLAAAAAM!

|XXX|

The bullet missed!
Tsar felt a direct hit beneath the warehouse. As the impact rippled throughout the building, he reached for the metal bar and held on with both hands. He was only tossed around while the rest went airborne. Even the attendants flailed helplessly before dropping to the floor.
Through all the tumbling and thumping, one sound stood out above the rest, the sound of heavy metal bouncing his way. Tsar righted himself and ducked low, quickly assessing the chaos and how he might use it to his advantage. On the floor, about thirty feet from him, was a loose gun. The man who’d just aimed for Tsar’s head, had lost his grip on his weapon.
A young boy darted his eyes from Tsar to the gun. Tsar locked eyes with him and nodded affirmatively. The man who’d lost the weapon, found his footing and lunged towards the gun. He was too late. The kid squirmed hastily over and batted the gun. The gun went spinning in Tsar’s direction. Another kid with his wits about him, brought his foot up in perfect timing and tripped the man, sending him into a nosedive. The man used that momentum to roll fast in Tsar’s direction.
Painfully, Tsar stretched his body beyond normal limits to reach the gun. Ignoring the pain, he swiped as far as humanly possible and successfully gained possession of the weapon. He pulled it in close. The man slid within kicking distance. Tsar, from a squatted position, lifted his leg and kicked the man in the head, rendering him unconscious.
Pulling his cuffed hand to stretch the link, he positioned the gun and fired. Free, he turned quickly to the unconscious, bald man and shot him in the head.
Tsar did a quick 180 of the room. The entire warehouse was in chaos, and several of the kids were face down on the floor. Some were screaming, some shocked silent, and a few searching for escape. The buyers were unarmed and looked to the members, likely hoping for protection as they huddled to the far end, under the staircase.
The few kids that looked for escape now looked to Tsar.
His priorities conflicted. His chance for escape and survival had certainly tipped in his favor. To stay and battle the remaining members and eventually the buyers to get these kids to safety, would reverse his chances of ever getting to Francine.
Another member lifted his weapon. Tsar aimed with precision, shot the member dead center between the eyes, then bolted just past the staircase, closer to the secret trapdoor for cover. Any member would now have to risk coming out into the open area to take a shot at him from this position. Tsar counted on the remaining bullets to be no less than four and maybe as many as six. Eight members remained.
Two more members came out into the open. Shrinking themselves as targets, they came at him sideways. Tsar stepped out enough for a clear aim and shot one member in the head. The man twisted then dropped to the floor as the other member now took aim and fired. The man missed. Tsar inched the gun, took aim, and fired. He only nicked the man’s shoulder. The man leaned into the bullet wound as Tsar took aim again and fired. Hitting the man’s forehead, he crumpled to the floor falling on top of the other. Tsar resumed his position of cover near the secret escape door.
The volume in the room was rising; adrenaline working to the kids favor was diluting the drugs. Unable to translate more than basic chatter from the kids, there were those few, and he was certain that the rising volume from those few could be translated into the sounds of battle cries.
Conflicted, he considered that perhaps together, with a few of them sharing the risk, there was a real possibility that some, maybe even many, might actually survive.
Priorities shifted.

|XXX|

Tsar stepped back into the open. Brazenly, the few lifted their hands waving at him, looking for a leader. He was certain that they would fight with him – fight for themselves. A foreign sensation overwhelmed him. This wasn’t his fight. This was their fight.
He motioned swiftly from the kids to the dead men and then lifted the gun in his hand, hoping they understood. Another member took aim at Tsar. He slipped back beside the staircase as bullets whizzed by his body.
Tsar took a deep breath, aimed the gun straight ahead as he turned into the crowd, drawing all attention from the kids. He hoped they were brave and smart enough to gather the abandoned weapons from the dead men.
The remaining six members took aim in Tsar’s direction. Only two moved toward him and shot. He dodged and took aim himself. One, two… the chamber emptied. Two members dropped to the floor, dead. The third continued to advance as Tsar slipped back beside the staircase again and ejected the magazine.
More shots rang out. He could only hope that the kids had understood his message and were able to get to the weapons of the dead members.
He dropped to his knees and peeked around the corner. There was one kid standing, and Tsar could see at least four more additional young bodies twisted and bloodied on the floor. The last member of the three that had advanced moments ago, was also bloodied and crumpled on the floor.
The kids were fighting with him!
The last three members likely retreated to the far end under the balcony, as the battlefield was now in favor of the kids.
With no time to mourn the deaths of the brave, young soldiers, Tsar looked to the one kid who stood. Tsar motioned for the boy to get more ammo. To his surprise, about a dozen more rose up and went for weapons and ammo from their dead captors. The actions and determination of these kids were much like those soldiers from Northside… the Stair Matrix.
The last three members reappeared and began shooting the brave, young soldiers. The young soldiers fired back until, one by one, each soldier dropped to the floor.
Breathless, sickened, and filled with rage, Tsar dropped to a squat position and retreated once again.
He knew now what he had to do.

|XXX|

Tsar took a deep breath, stood to his feet and turned into the crowd, running and screaming as a warrior. He dove into the two dead men, with the one toppled upon the other. Burying his own body as quickly and best he could under them, he found a 9mm in the waistband of the corpse, and took aim. Before he could shoot off the first round, two shots fired; one at him from a member and the other at a member from a child warrior.
Another member went down, with only two remaining. Now came a swarm of commotion that began rising from the other end of the room… the buyers.
From his position, Tsar yelled out to the young soldiers for their attention. He jabbed his pointer finger toward the buyers that hid like terrified rats at the far end of the staircase. Then he slid his finger across his throat. These men, should they get any of the loose weapons, would kill the kids and Tsar. This was war, and commanding children to kill unarmed men that were about to use them as sex slaves and torture them, made for a fair battlefield.
Behind large support columns, the last two members took cover. Tsar looked over at the child warriors and nodded. He fired his first shot and motioned for the kids to begin the hunt for loose weapons. Knowing there were only between six to eight shots in each magazine, he shot strategically. He needed to give the soldiers time to gather weapons while covering them. Down to what were likely Tsar’s last two bullets, the kids had successfully gathered about a dozen weapons. Tsar watched as the kids quickly chambered the weapons and then handed them to the other willing shooters amongst them. Some were girls.
Tsar showed his hand. He signaled the kids to stop, to wait. They understood. He threw off the corpse that was on top of him and found his footing. On his feet now he walked out, and into the open. As the member to his left took aim, Tsar shot him in the head. Before he could aim at the last member, several shots rang out from different directions from the young warriors and the last member went down.
The young warriors did not wait for further instruction. They hastily moved into position, and fired at the buyers. They continued to fire even though all buyers were down and blood flowed like a river from them.
Tsar first raised his hand signaling them, and then yelled, “STOP!” They all looked to him. As he looked all about the bloodied, embattled warehouse, he put out his hands, palms down, slowly signaling them to “calm.”
With the battle now over most of the young, armed soldiers held their weapons firmly in hand, while a few others dropped their weapons to the floor and began to look at the battle ground around them. Some looked for others; maybe siblings or friends. Some just fell to the floor and cried.
Many were wounded, and a few more, badly wounded. Tsar took a quick inventory to be certain that all perps were dead. They were. He looked to the kids. His once “tinman heart” was nearly busting out of his chest in anguish to see so many bloodied and wounded brave, young soldiers. So many innocent children; young girls amongst them, there were between forty and fifty dead. The warehouse was now – a slaughter house.
The blood of the innocent now mingled with the blood of the abominable.

|XXX|

Swiftly, Tsar moved up the staircase managing his balance as he stepped over countless dead bodies. He looked into the long hall that led back to the death crates. It was better for them all to move back into the hall and into the crates, than to be in the bloody mess.
Tsar commanded, “There are more bad men outside in boats. Stay here.” Tsar pointed to the floor of the hallway and back to the crates as he repeated, “Stay! I will swim to the mainland and bring back help.”
One of the young warriors shouted, translating Tsar’s command in both Spanish and broken English. The warehouse erupted with understanding as the communication spread throughout. Many of the stronger ones went to comfort the injured and weaker ones.
Maneuvering back down the stairs, he yelled to the translator to get the wounded and carry them up the staircase. Rushing over to the closest dead member, he went through the man’s pockets and found a pocket knife, then down to the man’s ankle, he unstrapped the buckle and released a gun. He tucked the gun in his waist band.
Again Tsar yelled out, “Stay here! I’m going to get help!” He rounded the staircase to the room with the trapdoor. Flicking open the knife, he pried under the wood and gained enough height. He pulled the old trapdoor up just enough to squeeze through and dropped to the sand-packed surface below. Dropping to one knee, he kept low while his eyes swept the surroundings.
The ocean traffic, much the same as when they’d landed the sea plane, with the exception of a large, unmanned fishing boat. The boat was crashed into the pier that supported the warehouse. And to his west, smoke rolled skyward from the explosion.
As he determined the best path to take, what felt like a sack of 50 pounds dropped on his back, making his head bounce nearly to the ground. Ignoring the pain in his shoulder, Tsar began to punch his elbows behind him when he heard the cries of a child.
Calming immediately from his initial reaction to free himself, the sound of the cries reverberated into his memories and began to mingle with that of the Baby in the Shelter.
In a moment – in a life time – he considered this chance of redemption as these words pushed him forward…

Evil Thrives
When Good Men
Do Nothing

|XXX|

Tsar bolted to a standing position with the kid wrapped around his neck and waist like a leach. He nudged at the boy’s hands quickly to release his grip so he could breathe. The kid complied.
With the kid strapped to his back, Tsar took off in the direction to the north side of the pier, where there was nothing but the lone sea kayak. Moving further from under the pier, out into the open sandy area, he could see a small fishing boat moored less than 50 yards away. It would take him only a few minutes to swim to it with the kid strapped to his back.
Moving toward the west side, Tsar bolted for the oceans water, headed toward the small fishing boat. A clear target now, yet from this position, he could see smoke ascend above the pier that led to the warehouse. The explosion. Nearly a quarter of the bridge was taken out.
Knocking off his hat, he made a B-line into the water.
There would be more Network members on foot; the joggers from the island. If they had long range rifles nearby, Tsar and the boy would be an easy target.
The bridge no longer accessible, Tsar could see small movements on the island which he deemed to be the “joggers” as well as departure vans that had come to collect the Assets. The vehicles were turned in the opposite direction and exiting the island in a frenzied caravan.
Shots rang out from the direction of the island. The chance of a direct hit with a hand gun from that distance was minimal. He pushed his upper body forward, moving them out to deeper water. He felt the gun slip from his waist band. Without looking back, Tsar minimized himself and the boy as targets, keeping only their heads afloat, zig-zagging, while pushing hard from the tips of his toes in the sand.
Moving as fast as he could to get them both to the boat, he motioned the kid to hold his nose. Dipping in and out of the water to throw off the shooters as well as to gain momentum, Tsar had to concentrate on his breathing as much as moving swiftly for fear he’d cramp.
As some bullets were being shot at them from the west, an engine zoomed in their direction at high speed from the east. Tsar stayed focused on the boat ahead, moving with all of his strength, when he felt a quick and powerful punch to his side.
The boy cried out from behind, jerking his lower half as the ocean floor disappeared beneath them.

|XXX|

The boy’s grip weakened, Tsar turned to a back float position and pulled the kid around to his side to hold his head above water as the water darkened around them. The boy was hit. Tsar felt the punch but certain that he himself, was not hit.
A watercraft ten yards out powered down. They were not firing. The fishing boat almost within reach but the watercraft was closing in. Tsar was one limb short, supporting the kid with his weaker arm, while trying to swim with his stronger arm.
In this moment, he knew he couldn’t abandon the boy. Both gasping as they choked out water, Tsar muttered within, “Hold on kid. We both live. Or we both die.”
Propelling his feet and with a wide swing of his right arm, he made as much progress as possible. In spite of the advance of the watercraft from the east, Tsar persisted. Close enough now to see that the person on the watercraft was uniformed and wearing the same colors as his own… Coast Guard.
This could be good or this could be bad.
Coming to a halt, the man bellowed, “Hand the boy to me. Quick! Hurry!”
Tsar winded, continued spitting out water and gasping for air. Whether the man be for them or against them, they were out of options. That the man hadn’t shot at them already was a damn good sign.
Tsar held the boys head above water and rolled into the side of the craft as the driver kept balance. Using the crafts footing for leverage, Tsar hoisted the boy up. As the man pulled the boy to his front in a protective manner, he ordered Tsar to climb on the back. The man positioned himself and the boy to offset the weight of Tsar’s boarding. He was an older gentleman, older than Tsar, likely in his mid-fifties. His hair graying, his shoulders were strong and well-postured. A healthy and good looking man.
“Take my gun and watch our six.” Tsar noted great strength in the man’s hands. He no longer had any reservations about this rescue as he asked, “Is it chambered?”
“Yes, it is.”
Speaking in volume Tsar informed him, “There’re about a thousand kids back at the warehouse, sir.”
The man faltered slightly, his upper body dipping as he punched the throttle, holding the boy tight with his other arm. He yelled back at Tsar, “There’s a drone to our south!”
Zig-zagging the waters, the man managed the craft while protecting the boy. Tsar looked behind them to the sky as the man held full throttle passing by the fishing boat. He could see that it was a containment drone. Tsar scanned the rest of the area, two more in the distance were moving into position.
Turning back to the front, breathless, Tsar brought his breathing under control. He looked down to his left and a slow, steady stream of blood came from the boy’s leg. He turned again behind them.
The other two drones were now in position.
All three pointed directly at the warehouse.
Tsar spoke loud enough to be heard. “The kids in the warehouse?”
The man yelled back, “We have a team. Pray to God they get to ‘em in time!”
In about thirty-seconds, they arrived on the mainland. Tsar looked back once again just before they reached the docking pier. Several other small, remote crafts hovered and were circling the island. Video drones.
Video and containment drones. They’re going to decimate the warehouse and everyone in it!
Tsar grabbed the pole on the dock, pulled the watercraft in tight, and tied it off quickly. Tsar reached for the boy. The rescuer shoved the boy into his arms. With the boys legs draped over Tsar’s one arm; he pulled him in close to his chest with the other. Without waiting for their rescuer, Tsar hurriedly made his way from the pier and onto land.



Chapter 98

|XXX|

Spotting small storage sheds, each separated by a few feet, Tsar tucked in between the last two sheds in the lineup. He now had a wide view of the open water. Their rescuer had followed close behind. He tucked in beside them. He pulled out a key and unlocked the remaining cuff on Tsar’s wrist.
Tsar ripped off a sleeve from his Coast Guard shirt and tied off the boy’s leg. The boy let out a quick shriek with pain but did not fight him. He would survive.
“I’ll take the boy. You go!” He pointed at a boat sitting in the midst of several others and said, “The red top. Go!”
Tsar locked eyes with the man and asked, “What about them?” He pointed toward the warehouse where the hundreds of helpless kids were trapped.
“We have inside contacts to stall the attack. Now go! Move!”
Tsar handed the man back his gun. With no parting words; he and the boy were separated. The bullet that had struck the boy’s leg should have also pierced Tsar’s lung.
Tsar moved quickly in the direction of the boat with the red top, hoping that somehow and that someone had a plan to rescue those kids. Everything happened unexpectedly and quickly, leaving his mind in mixed turmoil of survival and rescue.
But for his rescue, he was now certain that Hunter Freeman was behind it all.



Chapter 99

|XXX|

Tsar boarded the boat with the red top. There were two men on deck. The driver remained facing straight ahead, his wiry and wavy hair, nearly all white. The passenger turned directly towards Tsar. He looked to be in his mid-forties. He directed Tsar to the stairs leading down into the cabin.
Careful not to sound too demanding, Tsar asked, “Where’re we headed?”
The passenger responded with a nod of certainty. “To the Village.”
With no reason to doubt them after all they’d risked, Tsar swung to his right, letting his eyes sweep over the old man behind the wheel; the man’s fingers gripped tightly, his hands identical to Tsar’s; strong, yet aged.
“Shadow Village?”
The passenger nodded. “Yes.”
Tsar turned and made his way down below, with each step – a step of caution. His stomach sank with the familiar heaviness.
He’s here.
Reaching the floor of the cabin, he looked around. No one. But the heaviness remained.
The cabin was small but efficient. To his right; a bar with a fridge. To his left; a booth for four, a bathroom beyond the booth which faced opposite to a desk and chair. Tucked into the bow like a V; two small beds by night and sofas by day. A small dresser tucked between the two. Tsar walked to the desk, opened the drawer, and pulled out paper and pen.
Should any one of the three of them make it off this boat alive, he wanted to give Francine every chance to survive. With regret like he’d never known before, he thought of the boy Joseph Miller.
I hope it’s not too late, Francine.
Tsar moved his emotions aside and wrote down three contacts along with the location of the safe bunker. Contacts listed; Janice Manning, Samantha Manning, and Sylar Downs.
He finished the note and went up to the deck. The older man, more aware than the younger, had felt the vibration of Tsar’s approach and turned to face him. If the man had thought he could play this out as a professional – by his own expression – he failed.
There was no mistake. This was him.
This was Hunter Freeman.

|XXX|

They studied one another for genetic similarities for an awkward moment. Tsar didn’t speak and neither did Freeman. He handed the old man the note. The man simply nodded in response. He could see hurt in his aged-eyes. He appeared genuine. The moment bizarre, Tsar nodded back at him and then turned, headed back down into the cabin. He’d need a drink. He had no idea how to approach a familial situation. He’d never had one – only with the Colonel.
His mind had been scrambled by the Network, and he still wasn’t sure who he was amongst the four children Janice Manning birthed, or, if he was one of them at all even. But the chemistry from the moment he’d stepped on this boat would not be denied.
Hunter Freeman’s blood ran through Tsar’s veins.
Tsar made his way to the lower deck. Distracted now, he dismissed his paranoia, that heavy feeling.
He shouldn’t have.
Reaching the next to last stair into the cabin below, he saw feet. Slowly, he took that last step to the deck’s floor as the person sitting on the couch to his right came into view, inch by inch.
Tsar stood tall with his arms to his sides and stared at the man.
Gloves.

|XXX|

Standing up, Gloves gave a sloppy salute.
“Tsar, man. What’re you doin? You know we have to do this, right? You have your thing and…” he flicked the grenade hanging from his belt, “and I have mine. We die for a better world – remember?”
Gloves took his gloved forefinger and tapped the side of his temple. “Hello! The One World Order. This is what our entire existence is about. But you failed. You totally failed, man! Now let’s do this damn it. But first, we need to take care of the ole man.”
Tsar moved with inhuman swiftness to grab the man’s throat and choke the words down before they could hit the air, but it was too late. Gloves rattled off, “Delta seven-seven, menu eight six.”
Tsar stopped midstride, as though he’d slammed into an invisible wall. He took a moment to collect himself from the unexpected halt. He shook his head, and then he reached up and scrubbed the top of it. He sneered, “Don’t forget. If I die, you die!”
“It’s what I was created for. I know my place. Good god man, have you forgotten everything we’re about?!”
With his right hand, he slowly removed the green glove without taking his eyes off Tsar. And as he removed the brown glove, Tsar suddenly realized – why the man called Gloves – was called Gloves.
Glaring at Tsar with open disgust for his infidelity, Gloves slowly repeated the trigger command, “Delta seven-seven, menu eight six.”
Tsar closed his eyes as his right hand moved to the top of his head. Scrubbing his fingers through his hair quickly, he opened his eyes slowly.
His vision blurred, his mind clouded with confusion. He could only make out a silhouette standing in front of the couch. He hoped that if he closed his eyes again, the image would disappear. He closed and opened them again.
The silhouette remained. But now like the phoenix – with two heads; one was Glove’s face and the other… the Colonel. Slowly the two heads melded into one.
The Colonel gave the final trigger command, “Delta seven-seven, menu eight six.”
Tsar pulled out his knife and snapped it open.

|XXX|

Gliding up the stairs with barely a sound, he reached the top deck with fluent motion. Tsar wrapped his right arm around Hunter Freeman’s throat, yanked him from his seat, and dragged him to the decks floor before either man on deck was able to comprehend the attack. Tsar pinned the old man with one knee to his gut and then raised the knife without hesitation above Freeman’s heart.
Freeman was breathless and stunned from the sudden assault. The driver let off the accelerator. The boat jumped forward, throwing Tsar off balance. Quickly, he righted his position back over Freeman.
Tsar felt a powerful and inhuman grip come over his hand.
EnokKim.
Or was it the Colonel? Gloves? His mind confused and scrambled with the kill command pressing him, maybe it’s all of them!
His head twitching slightly with spasm, Tsar could hear a ghostly crowd yelling, “kill… kill… kill!”
Freeman drew in a deep breath, closed his eyes, and slowly exhaled, his body losing all stiffness in a show of surrender.
“Don’t do this, son. Don’t do this to yourself, and don’t do this to your wife.” His voice tearful and filled with compassion, but not with fear.
Tsar shook his head as tears stung his eyes. “She’s not my wife.”
“She is your wife, Chase.”
He could hear boats advancing from all directions now. Whether Network or not, he wasn’t sure. It didn’t matter anyway, the Network always won. “I’m not Chase. The coward surrendered! My name is Tsar.” As he spoke, his voice sounded so distant, he wasn’t sure if he actually spoke the words aloud or the words were merely thoughts.
Freeman’s lips moved, but Tsar couldn’t hear him. Instead, he heard a soft, sisterly voice… “Tsar, look up.”
“Whaa…?” He let the word hang from his open mouth.
King Charles. KC?
Again, he heard her voice, “Look up, Tsar! See what they make us do.”
Somewhere between both worlds, Tsar was aware that Freeman could easily overcome him. But Freeman did not make a move as Tsar slipped back in time.
Back inside his five-year-old mind...

|XXX|

The smell of drunken, soured breath reached him first and then the feel of hot saliva spread across his cheek. A voice reassured him, “You start and I’ll finish.”

Seemingly with the ability to enter inside Tsar’s abreactive state, Freeman’s steady voice reached him.
“Chase. Young Francine is your wife. She needs us. By your own hand, you gave me a note. I can help you.”
The flapping of many, many wings sounded all around him. Sulfur rose up and nearly choked him. He couldn’t see them, but he felt the crushing grip of huge talons dictate his movement.
EnokKim.
Stretching and bouncing from one life time to the other, Tsar knew he could not stop the kill command, only reinforce it. He raised both hands above Freeman’s chest and wrapped them tightly around the knife.
From his own lips, he reinforced the command, whispering, “Delta seven-seven, menu eight six.”
EnokKim lifted Tsar’s hands up high enough to ensure a one-time blow for the kill and steadied his aim.
Face wet and eyes blurred with tears, Tsar blinked several times to clear his vision when he heard the words once again…

“You start and I’ll finish.”

Dizzy from the mental time travel, Tsar faltered, causing his body to sway.
Voices pressed him both externally and internally. He tried to silence them all to steady himself – but he couldn’t.
Again the whisper reached him, “Lucian... Tsar. Look up! See what they make us do. Look up now so you will know the truth.”
He closed his eyes and pulled his head up. Sickened by the hot-drunken soured breath and the burning stench of sulfur, it was suffocating him. He coughed and gagged as he opened his eyes.
He was there.
The Double-Locked room...

The mirror came into view from across the room. Slowly he pulled his head up, first to see his own small face, then he shifted his eyes to see the boy crouched in the corner, next to the Box of Secrets. His eyes went from the boy crouched in the corner back to the mirror, looking again at his own face.
“Me and the boy, we look the same. I get inside the Box, and they hurt me. When they’re done, I climb out. The boy is next. He climbs inside the Box. Then they make me do whatever they want. And I do it. I do it to protect him.”
Without moving, he nearly rolled his eyes back in his head to see the one who stood above him.
A man. He wore a hooded robe, outlined in red that covered the top half of his face.
Like a lizard, the man’s tongue protruded from his mouth before circling around to lick the side of his small face. With saliva still hanging from the man’s tongue, the man pulled back and looked straight into the mirror. Sucking his tongue back into his mouth like a snake, he swallowed his saliva before licking his lips.

|XXX|

The sound of engines roared closer now, arousing a semi-conscious state. One question stayed with him… the Colonel?
The man in the mirror was not the Colonel – not the Colonel of the Bunker. The man in the mirror was Colonel Harrison Manning; the adoptive father of Chase Manning.
The Colonel of the Bunker that was trapped at Northside – he is an imposter!
Voices, like a distant fast moving train, rolled at him with an unearthly speed. He could hear the scrambled voices of those inside the Shelter all at once without understanding anything that was being said, because her voice, quieted all the rest. Her voice was an external voice, a voice that belonged to his very own soul.
“I love you, Chase.”
Though he heard no sound from his own mouth, he could feel his lips move as they whispered, “Frankie?”
Her beautiful words… words whispered into his ear the night he’d stole her love.
Again he heard her voice, words spoken, but not to him, “If you ever leave me…”
He snapped! The madness in his mind; communicating with his five-year-old self, hearing Francine’s voice as she spoke to Chase Manning, all this while he prepared to kill a man who was his biological father. He felt as though plastic were being wrapped around his face. He sucked in the air, as though it would be the very last breath he ever took.
He broke his steady hold of the knife and wielded it in the air like a wild man. Balancing himself, he straddled Freeman and stood to his feet. He looked at the knife in horror and then threw it into the ocean. And before Freeman could rise up, Tsar leaned back over him and swiped the gun from the man’s holster. Moving quickly, he walked backwards to the stern of the boat.
Freeman moved as quickly as his age allowed him to and balanced himself.
“Please, Chase. You have a beautiful brother, Mitch, who remembers you and he needs you. I have come to help you and your wife. Please give me this chance to help you – and to help her. I owe it to you, son. I owe it to her grandmother. Please!”
Tsar faced off with Freeman. Freeman attempted for the last time, “Give me this chance, Chase. A wise woman once told me, ‘Evil Thrives When Good Men Do Nothing.’ Let’s do something. Let’s do it together!”
His eyes held the eyes of his biological father as an unexpected sob broke from him. “It’s too late for me. I’m tainted.”
Tsar took the gun and held it to his chest, whispering in defeat… “I’ll finish.”
Tsar felt his hand move from his chest and lift to his temple.
He heard a voice from the left, “The sweatshirt is bullet proof, shoot the head. Do it right so we don’t suffer with a job half-assed.”
Gloves.
The sweatshirt is bulletproof?
KC had placed on them – protection. It was why the bullet that went through the boy’s thigh hitting Tsar’s rib cage, felt only like a punch. She had protected them from the outsiders as best she could, but the Network ensured that the real battle had been, and would always be, from within.
The voice from his left, “Do it, man! Kill the ole man first, than us! You know you gotta do it.”
He heard a soft, sisterly voice. “It’s not about you, it’s about Diamond and the Matrix, but mostly – it’s about her. It’s why we survive, not for us… but for them, for her.”
Tsar was locked in stasis once again, now with a gun held at his temple.
Freeman broke Tsar’s mental stasis. “Please, son, let me help you. Help all of us! I am a man in such a position. I promise.”
On the last word of promise, Hunter Freeman with an outstretched hand, motioned for Tsar to surrender the pistol when a stream of white light flashed above like lightening.
To their north, wide-acceleration jetted straight for them from a Coast Guard craft with heavily armed men rushing them. Two more watercrafts closed in quickly behind the first. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five…



Epilogue

*****

She faltered to the right. Balancing herself, she headed toward a beautifully landscaped ocean-front property, as she wiped a stray tear from her face.
“What a mess. God in heaven, what a bloody mess!”
Jagged Island, the warehouse, and the bridge, incinerated. Not a trace left behind. The forces of evil prevailed.
I am a throwaway, a buffer. I don’t live in the free world. But I have no other options if we are to try to save Francine.
KC turned to the ocean.
The Coast Guard craft was dead in the water. The backend, where the motor had been, now blown off and smoldering. Hunter Freeman’s boat was nowhere in sight.
You had help, Freeman. Your anti-Network group is far more resourceful than the Network anticipated. You risked your entire operation and all of your people for a son – a son who would kill you.
KC turned back to the ocean-front property. The drapes were pulled open in the sliding glass door of the one story home.
Heading toward the house, her soaked boots oozed and squished salt water. A small opening separated ocean rose bushes that edged a perfectly manicured lawn. She made her way along the narrow, paved path to the back deck.
The System scattered once again. Tsar, “Leader”. She’d been unable to foresee the complications of the familial situation that Tsar was forced into.
Miller and Ked – dead. She tucked all emotions aside for her sake.
I’m coming for you, Fancy, and if they’ve harmed a hair on your head… I’ll kill every last one of them, beginning with Janice Manning.
She climbed the stairs of the back deck and heard muffled noises inside. KC glanced at the reflection that stared back at her, a reflection not her own. Fully suited in official attire, she used her knuckles to tap the glass.
A woman came to the door and opened the glass slider an inch or two while speaking into her earpiece. “Hold the line, Patty. I have someone on the back deck.”
The woman quickly searched her back yard and then looked out to the stretch of the beach before she asked, “Can I help you?”
“Yes, ma’am. There was an accident. I was thrown overboard. May I use your phone?”
The woman reached over to her side, slid the door open further, and then handed KC a portable landline phone. “Certainly you may. Are you injured?”
“No, ma’am, thank you.”
“Do you know what happened at the island? There were explosions. Me and my neighbor Patty are trying to find out what happened. Did you see any of it?”
KC nodded. “No ma’am. I was tossed from my boat. I didn’t see anything.” Shaking the phone slightly, “Thank you. I’ll be quick.”
With a concerned smile, the lady said to KC, “Take your time… sir.”



Afterword


Thank you for reading When Good Men. If you enjoyed it, please leave a review at the point of purchase, or email us your review. The plight of Chase and Frankie Manning will continue. Book two in the series, Evil Thrives, takes the reader back into the 80’s, where they will walk alongside Frank Churchill and Hunter Freeman. If you would like to be notified at the time of publication for Evil Thrives, please email us at maxsimmswhengoodmen@gmail.com.


A special thank you to my BETA readers; Brandi Noel, Trista May, Mary Jane and Marti. Also a special thank you to Roger Dowell for his creative input, my eighth grade English teacher, Mr. Reilly, my mom for her encouragement, and my patient spouse.
